bc I use a Moto G
**URL**: [GrowthPub.com](http://growthpub.com) **Purpose**: Business website **Technologies Used**: HTML/CSS (Bootstrap) **Feedback Requested**: Design, readability **Comments**: I am neither a designer nor a coder, but I had to make this site for my business because I didn't have enough spare cash to hire a full-time designer. I made this in Bootstrap, learning along the way. I'm not sure if its good from a web designer's perspective. I feel it's good and it does a decent job of meeting my business goals. But would like to hear what professionals think
India wil never be cleaned because Indians will always blame the system, the government, their neighbors and everyone else but themselves for their mess
I dont even see it as a talent thing I'm an entrepreneur and honestly, it doesnt take a lot of brains or talent to be good at business What it does take is a shit load of determination, massive hustle and a ton of confidence. You need to be willing to go all in. And truth be told, even when people have brains and skills, they dont have the determination or the hunger.
But things change. Plenty of people bust their ass for years in the shadows until something changes and they make it big L
As someone who comes from a country of 1,300,000,000 people, even imagining a country of 300,000 is impossible for me I'm not kidding but there are that many people in the littlw area where my office is
Why would they be hard? Just jump off a high mountain and land back on earth using a parachute. Duh
Nah. Half of them are David from Delaware
It is. But I wanted to bring this up because even the supposed "best" university in India for humanities education is so below par. And we are talking about building new Harvards
Heard the first verse. Thought: meh, just another dad rock song. Rock is dead man. Then the hook hit and I was grinning ear to ear.
I've suspected that this was the goal all along. Common knowledge that political parties rely on black money heavily in elections
Indian here. My FIL just had solar power installed. It's taking care of his entire energy bill and he's selling the surplus back to the grid. Solar makes SO much sense in India. Pretty much all of India gets sunlight for 250-300 days a year. My FIL lives in a desert state where temperatures go up to 48C. Weather patterns are also very stable here - no freak thunderstorms or rain. So the reliability issue is solved as well. Solar is the future for India. I have zero doubts about it.
"but there is no islamaphobia in India!" Try to tell your parents that you're going to marry a muslim.
I, too, have committed to stop Redditing many times. And yet here we are.
Who even implied that muslims are innocent in this? But I cant speak for them; I dont know any muslims barring one. I do know Hindus
I like Anand Mahindra. Guy is smart. He's also managed to make Mahindra an international-level automaker
When it comes to the environment, people have zero statistical intuition Large cargo ships cause much more pollution that card Similarly, we were all told not to waste water in our houses. But household water consumption is a tiny, tiny fraction of water usage. Iirc, in California, only 2% of water consumption was in homes and offices. The rest was in agriculture and industry I believe climate change is a critical issue, but man, there is a lot of dogma and propaganda about it
Come on. Indian PMs have mostly been erudite. MMS was widely respected. As was Nehru and Vajyapaee. Dunno about the Deve Gowdas and the IK Gujrals though
Didnt Rao speak like 18 languages? He would have been a hit internationally
What part of Delhi is this? I can't orient myself with this picture. There are no tall towers anywhere in North, South or Central Delhi
Just to place this in context: the Indian Administrative Services exam is arguably one of, if not *the* toughest exam in the world. It covers an astonishing amount of material. The exam has two rounds. The first round has objective, multiple choice questions covering mathematics, general reasoning and general knowledge about Indian and global history, culture, science and arts. If you clear the first round (about 7,500 students out of around 900,000), you go to round II. Round II is *extremely* comprehensive. It has 7 subjective, essay-like papers covering everything from government policy to language, history, art, culture and science. The questions are obscure and demand a thorough knowledge and understanding of the subject. I know some really smart people who've studied two years straight and fail to crack this exam. And by two years straight, I mean *literally* leaving work and staying at home for two whole years just to study. With the assistance of a tutor. I consider myself smart enough, but if I was asked to appear for this exam, I'd run as fast as I could in the opposite direction.
You get to join the Indian Civil Services. This is an elite cadre of bureaucrats - a holdover from the Colonial days. Basically, these are people who run the country. The executive branch, if you will. The top 100 or so rank holders get to be join the Indian Administrative Services (IAS). Each IAS officer is like a Mayor. The next rank holders get to join the Indian Police Services (IPS). All of India's top police officers - police commissioners, state police chiefs, etc. Ambassadors and diplomats are chosen from this exam as well. Basically, these people have a lot of power and thus, respect in society. Imagine the kind of respect your mayor or local police chief gets, then multiply that by 10x since these are government bureaucrats and thus, hold office pretty much until retirement.
Nowhere close to IAS. I don't know about current numbers, but some 5-6k students used to get into IITs. The civil services have far, far fewer seats
Oh plenty of them do kill themselves. There are dozens of stories each year. I know a couple of guys who were preparing for this exam. They quit their jobs, got a room near their tuition center. Their lives were pretty much dead the next two years. They would literally study for 16+ hours each day. No TV, no computers, no smartphones. Just a huge ton of books in a tiny room.
I dont think even his supporters think that he is a good human being. They just see him as a blunt weapon to destroy the "establishment". Whatever that means. This quote wouldnt outrage them. That he has filled his cabinet with Goldman Sachs multimillionaires should...but somehow, it doesnt. For better or for worse, Trump has hypnotized the world. It's been nearly two years now and there is just nothing but Trump every fucking where. Honestly, its made the internet a lot less fun for non Americans
A few idiots on 4chan managed to track a Shia Lebouf flag within half a day
Do people here realize that USA will be the defacto leader of the free world as long as it has 15 aircraft carriers and a $700B defence budget? You cant claim to be the leader and then call on USA for help when shit hits the fan For all the hysteria over it, the Paris agreement is also mostly symbolic. If it had any teeth, 195 countries wouldnt have agreed to it
Indians dont get offended by "cultural appropriation". In fact, if you appropriate our culture, we will love you for it.
Isnt the Ford Ecosport a big hit (in Ford's context)? I see sales of about 2-3k every month. I used to see a lot of VW Polos too
Which is why it failed so miserably.
I think Arnie's charisma was in his slight cockiness. Lou comes across as a humble, decent guy. Arnie has that shit eating grin leak through
No one likes the Pakistan cricket team. Even the Pakistanis.
The worst is when MBA colleges like IIM factor in 10th and 12th marks during admissions.
Well, nothing comes close to UP.
Why is he wearing so many clothes? Like, who wears a full sleeve tee to a gym?
Itni maths aati to ye forward thode hi padhta For real. My parents were convinced that the "sun would disappear for 7 days in October" because a NASA scientist said so. They literally think anything on Whatsapp is sent from official channels. That if it says "NASA scientist", then it is being sent by NASA. Whatsapp forwards are very dangerous and they've been effectively weaponized
BJP IT cell has basically weaponized Indian autism.
Well they did lose most of their military aged masculine men.
Jeez, man. Himmler was a monster. Cruise is, at worst, an asshole. We need to tone down our negative comparisons
Because there are 1.4B people in India who speak about a gazillion languages. Of course there are some fringe groups making some demands
How can they believe they won every war when they *literally* lost half their territory in 1971?
You really overestimate the average Indian voter. This issue plays right into the Hindi belt's wishes and desires.
&gt; Fine these shitheads and see the change This is the only solution. Nobody cares as long as it doesn't hurt their pocket. Go all out Singapore. Fine people Rs. 5,000 for littering and see the results.
Gurgaon is extraordinarily unsafe. Delhi gets a bad rep but outside of Delhi's outskirts in East/West Delhi, the city is very safe. But Gurgaon scares me. Honest. The older parts further from sector 23 feel like something out of an Anurag Kashyap movie. They need to burn this shithole to the ground.
"You Won't Believe What these 18 Dumb Redditors Joked About"
I know it was a joke, but it didnt work well. Surely they must have portable music players in this hyper advanced space world.
Why would you hold it against a studio for building up interest in its movies by submitting unique content on a popular forum?
I meant libertarian in an ironic sense.
Uber seems like such a scummy company. They make United Airlines and Chortel look good.
You have some great cinematography. Great work!
We need to export Haryanavi Jats abroad. We'll get number 1 position in no time.
I have a lot of respect for Iran. One of the oldest civilizations in the world. Very rich culture and history. Sucks that because of their anti-US stance, they are basically international pariahs
Going to Sri Lanka this week. Will report back!
Of course. Once a few muslims turn extremist, BJP will have an excuse to start riots and achieve their dream of Hindu rashtra
A popular myth in India is that if you hunt a tiger's mate, it will find and kill you. There was a pretty scary movie (to a 5 year old me at least) about it as well - *Junoon*.
You need to have a story to make a movie. Anand's story has no great struggle, no deeper narrative. Not saying that he didnt work hard, but there is nothing like, say, Dhoni - a guy from a tiny town becoming India's cricket captain. He is one of India's greatest sportsmen, no doubt, but he wouldnt make for a great movie story
Just so you know, DU hasnt made permanent appointments in years and competition for limited ad-hoc seats is very high. You will also have to clear NET and at least get a MPhil if you hope to teach here
Chimps weigh less than a human female and can rip your arms off. Gorillas can bench like 2,000+ lbs. Forget ripping your arms off, they can break you into ten pieces and not even sweat.
But sometimes, when I'm stuck in traffic, I want to trade my motor skills for some shit ton of strength.
NYT says Comey "contradicts" NYT. Lol. Big word for "lies".
I'm right now in Sri Lanka and marveling at their clean cities and great infrastructure. Colombo has fucking pedestrian crossing buttons and drivers actually follow it, like some western country. This after a week in Shanghai... If we get out of our bubble, we'll realize how far our neighbors are leaving us behind...while we distract ourselves with useless nonsense
Not gonna lie, thats a big girl
Same in Delhi. My plumber is making 60-80k month. Says UrbanClap gets him a lot of work
I know its not much, but man, it must hurt like hell to go from the man Indian kids aspired to be - the King of Good Times - to be called chor
If I change my name to Brad Pitt, will I too become handsome?
I love the little moments of non action in between. Too many movies just devolve into mindless action without pause. But this one had moments where Wick would pause, stare at his mark, and even have a drink with them The fight between him and Common felt so much like dancing
Why is Putin terrible when he is good for the Russian people? I know he isn't big on freedom of speech and stuff, but those aren't Russian values, have never been Russian values throughout its history.
Off topic, but I was going through emigration at IGI a couple of weeks ago while traveling abroad. Most of the people around me were traditional muslims traveling to gulf. One of the CRPF guards walked over while I was standing and loudly shouted "Jai Shri Ram" to his fellow guards and smirked visibly I know it isnt meant to be that originally, but in the hands of the Right, Jai Shri Ram has become a trolling device
Agreed But you are perfectly okay making fun of his ridiculous Chowkaa chocolate pan ad
How does the BJP get off on making Hindus adhere to Hindu beliefs when there are no strict Hindu beliefs in the first place? Ours has always been a "just wing it" religion.
Bc Dhoni kya mar gaya hai?
It's funny how you dont appreciate what's right next to you. I've been to Switzerland to see the Alps but never to Nepal...and I'm India. Kathmandu is a $100 flight away. You dont even need a passport to enter Nepal if you're an Indian
Conspiracy theory: what if the leakers are Russian moles within the intelligence establishment and the leaks are a way to put pressure on Trump to deliver what he secretly promised the Russians: end sanctions
You are now a moderator at /r/conspiracy and /r/politics. Its hard to tell them apart these days
But we will gladly take in the billions it brings in through tourism
Doesnt matter if he was innocent or not. His personal issues are affecting his business' output, which makes him a bad CEO. Even if he was found to be innocent tomorrow, resigning now would still be a good move for the business' public image
It's not supposed to be that red. Most better restaurants in New Delhi nowadays are refraining from using artificial colors. The yellow-red hues come naturally from the chili and turmeric
What's with all these cricketers mouthing off these days?
Isn't he the oldest dude in the Pakistani side? I haven't been following cricket since Sachin, Dravid retired and literally none of the people in Pakistan's side were familiar to me barring Malik, Wahab Riaz and Amir.
Would it have ever given out in pre DRS era when Yuvi being so far out of the crease would make it a not out automatically?
India hasn't had a smart opposition since 2014.
Was in Sri Lanka last week. Petrol there was 110 LKR. Or 46 INR Fuck man. OT but go visit Sri Lanka. Such a great example of how to do development. The roads are first world level smooth, the country is EXTREMELY clean, there is no acute poverty like India and lots of healthcare and educational services. All this a decade after a brutal civil war is seriously impressive.
Never bothered with Colombo. Left it the same night we landed. So can't really comment on that. We were in Kandy, Ella, then later, Trincomalee. I'll agree that the highways are single lane roads but the travel time is high because Sri Lankan drivers are slow as hell. There really isn't much traffic. It took us 7 hours to cover 250km from Ella to Trinco, and all the time I was thinking "man, if I was driving on this road, I'd wrap it up in 4 hours". Trincomalee had deer grazing around town like cattle. And the beaches were pristine. And the roads were picture perfect, even for a town that was heavily involved in the civil war. What really impressed me though was Ella. It's a tiny town, barely 20-30k people in the main town. There was a big religious procession and they had not one, but 3 ambulances on standby, a volunteer team of 12 first aid medics, and a team of folks with fire extinguishers (the procession had some fire juggling acrobats). That level of safety concern is something I've never seen in India
TIL. Was that before the civil war? I always assumed that it was the ugly step child of India Btw, we do have massive cultural capital in Sri Lanka. They know our songs, watch our shows and movies. They fucking played "Tujhe Dekha to Jana Sanam" during a wedding procession ffs
There's zero doubt about the physical and mental benefits of Yoga Just don't sell it as a cure for cancer and gayness
Shilpa would be our Melania if Raj Kundra ever ran for prime minister
First day of my job and my cousin told me that if I want to go ahead, I should learn Excel. I quit soon after but I can now see why Excel matters so much
MYYYYYY AAAAART! That's what I always hear in Kickstart my Heart
It's like a serial killer who murders your family but makes you a delicious cake before leaving.
WW2 was a single chapter in my grade 10 history book. Unless you had an interest in history and were paying attention, it's easy to gloss over this bit
It's the only way. Honestly. I'm Indian. Ate a lot of meat. But as I'm growing older, it became harder and harder to justify eating meat. It's bad for the environment and straight up hypocritical to eat one animal, love another. Get into Indian food. Indians have a mastery of cooking vegetarian food. You won't even miss it.
I'll take a more expensive, inferior tasting cultured meat over conventional meat.
It's come to a point where before my wedding, I wanted to do a solo backpacking trip and casually suggested going to Thailand to my to-be in-laws. They looked like something died...because in their minds, the only reason a guy would go to Thailand alone is to get laid.
Waterson is already "fuck you" level rich.
That's a very poor assessment. The writer goes on to claim that because all four of the West Indies quartet weren't playing, Gavaskar's record isn't as impressive in 1983/84. As if playing Marshall and Holding alone was a cakewalk! The quartet was an anomaly. None of the batsmen Gavaskar is compared with - SRT, Dravid, Ponting, etc. - had to face more than 2 pace spearheads at the same time. Australia's famed attack had Brett Lee and McGrath; Gillespie was good, but nowhere near the level of the other two.
What's even the point of making someone as fat as Shah workout for a PR piece?
Daily Cow Thread
Beckham thought the same. Then he got the Alex Ferguson treatment.
Yeah man. Watch some of the older cricket videos. These guys were playing with sub-optimal equipment on bowler friendly tracks. The old greats would kick absolute ass today. Imagine what Viv Richards would have done to crappy bowling attacks in IPL?
What if Olympic athletes are on strict diets and want beef?
I'm not kidding, this will crush a lot of businesses. Majority of businesses in India are proprietorship and their compliance is always slow. They barely file service tax returns on time. All of this compliance is good for companies with dedicated CS/CAs, but these small proprietorships have neither the scale nor the resources to warrant such heavy compliance
You've never lived outside of metros, have you?
Yeah. The guy was the biggest bodybuilder there is. That required *literal* physical hard work. Incredible amounts of it. People here dont know the kind of sheer physical effort it takes to be a bodybuilder. Besides the hours in the gym, you have to be crazy disciplined about what youre eating And he did it all at a time when they didnt have the fancy equipment and supplements we have today And before anyone says "steroids", steroids dont magicallt make you more muscular. You still have to put in the work. Steroids were also not as advanced at his time. And he was the best when competing against other users as well
Who would you rate above him? Dravid?
Look at all the successful apps. They all have the same common denominator: if it reduces human interaction (verbal or real-life), it is going to be successful. We already had taxi services. You just had to call them. Uber takes that out of the equation We already had a "social network" called phones. But phones require talking. Whatsapp, Facebook reduce the need to talk. Same with any food ordering app.
I'm a midget in Netherlands but average in Asia.
It's a fucking shame that for a country with "SUPERPOWER 2020" ambitions, we are so enthusiastic about zipping along at a speed the actual superpowers achieved 50 years ago.
Director's cues were "just be yourself!"
Modi's big agenda is a globalist agenda - Make in India
I stumbled onto the 4chan board where this entire thing began last night. They were *seriously* discussing a flat earth hypothesis. There were actual grown up adults with the mental capacity to use computers arguing that the Earth is flat because: 1. How can the moon cover the sun if they are of different sizes? 2. How is the horizon a straight line? 3. Why did the Bible call it a "firmament"? Holy hell. I like my slice of conspiracy theories but this was a whole another level
The worst part of the movie for me was the last 20 minutes. Why do all DC movies devolve into a CGI-fest fight between two overpowered beings? Happened in Man of Steel, happened in Batman vs. Superman and happened here as well. This just comes across as a studio that isn't confident in its own storytelling capabilities.
Hindi is a crappy language. I seriously love words and languages. But Hindi is just ugly now. It's completely bastardized to the point that it has hardly any of its own words any more. So many Hindi words are basically dead. "Doorbhash", "Prasar", "Sanchalan". You'll never find these words outside of official communication. Everyday Hindi has no beauty to it at all. It's merely a functional language. Try doing it: when you're talking to someone in Hindi, note the words you use. You'll realize that you use Hindi words mostly to communicate functional things ("where", "when", "how") and use loan words from English for anything conceptual. Hindi needs serious reform before it can aspire to be India's national language
Main headline on Dainik Bhaskar right now (massive circulation in small towns): "Pakistan mein oil tanker mein blast, 120 logo ki jhulaskar maut" At least 3 English words Another headline: "Dead saal se faraar gangster Anandpal mara gaya" The most conceptually rich word in that sentence - gangster - is again English Another: "Ab tak ka sabse bada operation 'Prahaar'" Only "operation" describes something conceptual here. Again, English Do this for other Hindi newspapers. Any complicated word is almost always in English. My point stands
Those are the first 3 headlines Latest headline: "LIVE: 1975 में इमरजेंसी को कोई भूल नहीं सकता, जेल बन गया था देश: मोदी" Emergency, jail. All the other words are functional You can do a statistical analysis of the number of English words in Hindi newspapers. Compare that against the number of English words in a Tamil newspaper and have some objective basis for this
If they want riots, they will get them But its not going to be pretty So many people I know are now talking about moving out of India
I like him for a different reason: he's a smart, charismatic who realized what Indians wanted and gave it to them. Plus, I like his cockiness and his sense of humor
Good point. Aamir Khan has apparently been an underground hit in China since 3 Idiots. After Dangal, I reckon he must be a household name for at least a few hundred million Chinese people.
I'd wear an IIPM logo t-shirt ironically
OP's joke was first applied for Ivy League colleges. IIRC it was for Harvard Business School grads.
The atmosphere definitely made it much more enjoyable. I'd gone the day it was released so the crowd was filled with Batman enthusiasts. Because the crowd was cheering every thing Batman was doing, I didn't have as much of a chance to follow the plot. In that setting, plot points that felt stupid later became big cinematic moments. Like Gordon walking on the ice and finding Batman, then Bats lighting up the symbol. It was dumb in hindsight, but the crowd ate it up. Gordon walking to what we thought would be his death, and then from the shadows emerges who else but Batman. And Gotham has a huge burning Bat symbol that sends Bane into a tizzy. Dumb in hindsight, great moment at first viewing with an enthusiastic crowd.
I remember watching 3:10 to Yuma and enjoying it. But for the life of me, I can't recall what it was actually about. Nor have I ever found anyone talking about it online or irl
The remember being terrified of the movie's interpretation of the tribal people.
This is a one-off anomaly. Only Aamir Khan can repeat it (he already had a fan base in China thanks to 3 Idiots)
Aren't most Indian offices closed today? Even MNCs?
Because deep down, Indian men still believe that they own women and need to "control" them.
Jack Nicholson in The Departed Leonardo DiCaprio in Blood Diamond Leonardo DiCaprio in Wolf of Wall Street Leo's best role was in The Aviator. He should have won an Oscar for that.
One of my favorite scenes in the last couple of years is the Russian mobster simply saying "Oh" when told that his son had stolen John Wick's car. A single word to tell you how much of a badass John Wick really is
India is poor as fuck if you go outside metros and tier 1 cities A 30,000/month job is considered "good" in tier 2 and 3 towns Thats barely $450
The kind of material comforts an "average" person in a rich country would have vs. an average tier-2 resident making 30k/month will have are very, very different. Even poor Americans will have beds, couches, furniture, a car. Walk into any Infosys engineer's house making 30k/month and you'll find that he is sleeping on a mattress on the floor, commuting via a crappy bike and has no furniture to speak of The sooner we realize our reality, the more we can change
For a country with nearly 200M muslims, I'd say Indian muslims have done a lot about "bad muslims". Or our security agencies are extremely competent and have stopped all internal terror attacks. Judging by the way the Mumbai police handled 26/11, I doubt the latter
Is it me or does this government seem like it is extremely pushy on the tax front (without an equivalent increase in benefits)
Grohl can do whatever the fuck he wants and it would still be rock
Shit like this is the reason why I cheer for the zombies in any apocalypse movie
No one wants to invest in a country where such killings create an atmosphere of instability and riots
The cow killings weren't a big feature of the government until a few months ago. If things continue the same way, I doubt FDI inflows will remain the same.
Pretty much all of India's institutions are modeled on or borrowed from the British Raj era. I mean this is a country where being able to speak good English gets you automatic respect anywhere.
I've been wary of getting on the Macbook bandwagon, but man, Windows does suck a whole lot of shit. My 75k i7 with 16GB of RAM feels slower than my wife's Macbook Air. Everything feels bloated on Windows 10.
India needs to do some soul searching about its past. We've been so focused on the injustices meted out to us by outsiders that we've forgotten to make amends for the evils within
Man, India has missed a trick in its relations with Vietnam, Thailand, Cambodia and Myanmar. A lot of these countries have some Indian roots and a lot of resentment if not hatred for China due to centuries of mal-influence. We should be their first natural allies rather than China
If you can publicly call it a fascist hell hole, it isnt a fascist hell hole.
His ancestors were likely dropping wages to dalits wrapped in leaves
I mean its not like they'll haul you of to marriage camp. You just have to suck it up
Of fuck off with your upvote
That's probably middle class in India man
Reminds me of the time McCullum ran out Muralitharan after the latter went out of his crease to celebrate Sangakkara's century after a run. Murali thought the ball was dead. Poor sportsmanship from McCullum there. This is legit though
I mean in terms of his actions. He is a total whiner. But he doesn't seem to stop to consult polls, even before he whines
Like when mom and dad are fighting then drunk uncle Randy walks in and starts screaming like a mad man, making mom and dad realize how stupid they look with their petty fight
Maine isko pachees sau rupiye diye bc donation mein :(
Pakistan has three power centers. The civilian government head, the army head, and the ISI head.
Yeah, but then India has China breathing down its neck. And that's not the kind of pressure we want. The region is stabilized precisely because of these strange geopolitics. Afghanistan or Iran siding with Pakistan is bad for the region's stability because that would isolate India with Pakistan and China on the same side. If Iran and Afghanistan are pro-India (which they are), it keeps Pakistan in check because then Pakistan has to worry about its western front
Terrorism caused by terrorists Pakistan harbored and nurtured for decades in a proxy war against India
Yeah what would I know. I'm just an Indian dude who's never heard a thing about Pakistan.
This is the first time I've ever seen him bowling. I know all the jokes about his age and the quality of the opposition, but he looks exactly like the kind of bowler who would be very hard to play. His balls seem to just skid and pick up pace after the bounce.
As a Rajasthan Royals fan, I had no idea Smith was in RR. I would have been disinterested because I know RR picks shitty players, but knowing that Smithie is in the team makes me look forward to the IPL
When has Delhi not been absolutely fucked in the IPL? I've lived in Delhi for 10 years and there is absolutely zero enthusiasm for this team
Someone else commented that they had first dibs on younger players under the 'youth contract' in the first IPL and could have picked Kohli. What a colossal mistake that turned out to be
I really think someone needs to develop a Zomato-like app for garages (JustDial can go fuck itself). That and hair salons. The two most unreliable service providers I've had to face. I know good mechanics and barbers back in my home city, but I've had nothing but disappointment and unreliability outside
Why does it sound like achaar?
Not only is the scene so perfectly executed, the little paint over 'Andy' tells a story in itself. It's not just a superfluous scene; it adds to the plot.
never used them for anything other than payments. Can't imagine using them for flight tickets or any of the other crap they peddle. Does anyone use these additional services at all?
Warne also managed to spot and champion Steve Smith
I'm from Jaipur. Shane Warne was practically a local for us after leading Royals to victory in the first IPL
A tiny team like Royals needs a big name like Smith.
Well, the French killed their aristocracy so there wasnt quite as much room for an aristocratic sport
Like I said earlier, someone's face is no indicator of their age. He is definitely not 19, but he isnt 30 either.
Yeah but what about his leg spin? Thats a terrible average for a leg spinner
Among cricket fans, definitely. Indians appreciate good batsmen. And we appreciate big numbers, like a 63 average.
Has anyone told AB that it's a test match and not a LOI? Calm down with that strike rate man
Reply with this: Pak vs. SL at home: 0-3
Most likely
Dhawan is going to score 200 entirely in edges
He looks a lot like the Indian movie star Imran Khan (who was also an active redditor)
I feel Pujara is destined to be his idol - Rahul Dravid - in away tests. Watch the entire team collapse while he holds fort for a century
Watch Brohit score a 165 ball 264*
They make Morkel look like a chump
Rohit was a part of the tail
Used to see him as yet another flat track ODI specialist. But he showed promise in the tests back home. This innings pretty much established his status for me.
India already has the world's most pathetic meat eating culture. Kam se kam prawn to chod do bc
The only Indian batsman who I've seen actually score runs in pace-friendly conditions is Dravid. Even Sachin was a hit or miss. Dravid would constantly show up in England, SA and NZ
Kohli can't actually lead Have you seen him in ODIs? He's practically absent in crunch situations, fielding at long on. Dhoni makes all the decisions and sets the field. Sadly, there is no Dhoni to beam him advice in tests
It almost feels like a strategic feint. With his popped collars and "attitude", he makes you think he's some dumb kid only good for IPL, but he comes in and becomes the highest scorer in a difficult test
Plus, he hasn't bashed someone's head in in a drunken rage so far!
People are here making it sound like him being dropped on 15 was his fault
He looks like a kid. And they treat him like one too. Like the team's lil bro
The same people also believe that Trump didn't want to win, yet colluded with a foreign power and committed treason to win.
This is an extremely good political cartoon. You don't need any labels anywhere. The visual itself explains everything. Props to the cartoonist. I see so many political cartoons littered with labels and explainers. This one gets its point across with just the cartoon medium itself.
Ben Garrison probably has labels for his coffee mug and toothbrush in his house
Did he play against Banglabros or not?
I think it's less about the impact of his runs/wickets. I think the entire drama got the team psychologically down and out before they even landed in Australia. I remember how the stories changed from "WE'LL GET 'EM! WE HAVE STOKES! AND ROOT! AND...COOK?!?" to "oh we're sorry for Stokes, we're not all violent rioters I swear" I don't think they recovered from that psychological deflation But then, you have Starc and Lyon in some strange form and BradSmith on the opposite side so it going to be hard anyway
Hot and spicy things cool you down
They have strange nicknames for everyone. Was just on the cricket sub. All the Australian players have weird nicknames. Usman Khwaja is "Susan" Shane Watson is "Watto" Glenn Maxwell is "Maxi" It's like some children's version of reality over there. Pretty awesome
The strange part is that for Bats, his mother has been dead for like 40+ years I know it's the driving force behind him and all that, but would you really be that triggered by your mum's name who's been gone for 40 years?
The last 15 minutes were pretty terrible honestly. I know Reddit has a huge boner for this movie but besides the editing and soundtrack, it wasn't really a great movie for me. Jamie Foxx's character was clearly insane and should have never been a part of any crew, especially a crew being managed by someone as meticulous as Spacey's character.
It's a little strange reading all this because even Reddit's own Ask Reddit question, plus countless accounts from journalists before and after the election conclude the same thing: Trump is really personable in real life. The dumb asshole comes out in public
You think they have alternate versions with more/fewer fingers? And if Australia lost 1-4, how which finger is it holding up?
On one hand, it is classless On the other hand...it is a hand
Look at Warner. Even he knows its cringey as fuck so he's trying to do his best job to hide it
T20 misses one of the most important elements of the game: strategy. Cricket is as much a game of leadership and strategy as it is a game of skill and athleticism. Test cricket captures it perfectly. Teams are defined by their captains (i.e. their leaders) and the decisions they make. This is something missing from nearly every other sport. Does a soccer team captain change his lineup based on the condition of the ground? Does the thought it might rain 3 days later change a baseball team's selection? It's all these things, plus the sheer elegance of the game that make it so amazing to me. I mean, look at a top batsman playing different shots. The physical gestures of all these shots - especially the drives and pulls - feels almost like a dance. Cricket is such an amazing game and the only format of it that captures the true spirit is test matches. I like my T20s because they're lots of fun, but test cricket is art, man.
Man, can you imagine being a vidictive prick and suddenly having the power to actually destroy the life of whoever you want? Like I've fantasized about fucking over people who've wronged me, but since I neither have the power, nor the resources, nor the insanity enough to do that, I haven't. But imagine if I was the president and destroying lives was as easy snapping my fingers. Jeez. I wouldn't want that kind of responsibility
Good for us that Steyn can't bowl. It has to deflate the rest of the bowlers knowing their best bowler and their de-facto leader isn't around
But he was expected to come back then. This was unexpected departure.
Shit all you want on him, but Dhoni was exactly the kind of wicketkeeper batsman you need. Wicketkeepers don't need to be great batsmen. They need to be gritty baatsmen. That's the role they've always performed coming in at 7 or 8. Stick around. Dhoni had that grit. Saha, Karthik, Parthive...none of them have it
Bhuvi was an absolute champ this test match. Bowled an amazing spell on the first day, stuck around with his bat in both the innings. Looked more comfortable than fucking NoHit Sharma
Nohit definitely needs to go. He looks completely at sea against quality bowling on bouncy pitches. Gobar obviously has neither the talent nor the temperament for test cricket in south africa
WE WON ONE!?! just for curiosity's sake, which one was it?
Ashwin looked like the best batsman today honestly.
Smith is better than Kohli in tests not just because Smith has a +10 average (which is HUGE), but because Smith has scored runs in Asia against spin - a place where non-Asian batsman generally struggle
Honestly this was a match where things could have gone two ways SA resumed at 65/2 and lost 8 wickets for 65 runs. If SA had resumed at say, 10/2, they might very well have folded for under 100 since this wicket was unplayable today They got to 130 because they had the chance to play 20 odd overs on Day 2 pitch and score 65 After that, it was anyone's game
Thanks! Saved and will read it later tonight
In related news: a meta analysis of calcium and vitamin D supplements intake on bone density has revealed that supplementation has negligible effect on improving bone strength and density. What DOES have an effect, however, is stress. Regular stress makes stronger bones. It's the same for gaands. And everything else in life :)
Bombay and Roja were peak Rahman He's got tons of great tracks but nothing comes close to these
Eat butter chicken with garlic nan and a side of chole bhature outside his home instead It will trigger him more than any protest
This is probably the most captain-centric Indian team in years. We always had multiple power centers with other captains. Dhoni had a number of senior players to contend with, each with their own spheres of influence. Same with Ganguly. Both him and Dhoni had to contend with Dravid, Sachin and to some extent, even Kumble, Sehwag and Zaheer. Kohli has no other competing voices. There is no one senior enough to challenge him
+1 for them. Wait for the sales though which are pretty genuine
This report is either a joke or there is a typo (6 lakhs instead of 60) The top 1% of freelancers even abroad make six figures in USD (roughly equal to 60 lakhs)
Sorry, but the consumption statistics don't indicate anything otherwise. If, say, 30% of India's population was middle class, it would show in the market demand for middle-class goods and services. With 390M middle class consumers, India would have consumption numbers to beat most developed nations. But that isn't true. Look at everything from our car sales to movie ticket sales. A 'blockbuster' in India makes less than 100cr - $20M. A blockbuster in China makes $200M - on opening weekend. There were 22M passenger vehicles sold in China last year In India, this figure was 3M If you assume that China has 400M middle-class people - something consumption patterns indicate - it stands to reason that India has about 1/10th or 1/8th of that number, so about 40-50M maximum
Gold consumption is a poor metric because of cultural bias towards gold in India Indians were buying gold like crazy even when we were broke
I'm comparing with China to illustrate the size of our real middle class, something the article points out as well.
Except Tom Cruise never phones in a performance
I think after the top and middle order is gone, bowlers lose the appetite and think "yeah, we've won".
Hopefully, Gobar's and NoHit's as well
The only one who pulled off "ugly" before the makeover was Anne Hathaway in Princess Bride. I mean, she wasn't ugly, but she was definitely the kind I would have never hit on as a high schooler
I've never seen Cruise phone in a single performance.
It was such a terrible, terrible cheesy movie. But that one single line by Bison made it.
I totally hated the shit out of her in that role. Which means she nailed the role: because hers wasn't meant to be a likable character
Bhuvi's ouster is even more inexplicable when you realize he scored more runs and played more deliveries than any of India's top 5 batsmen in the 1st test. Bhuvi - 38 runs, 127 balls Vijay - 14 runs, 49 balls Dhawan - 32 runs, 45 balls Pujara - 30 runs, 105 balls Kohli - 33 runs, 53 balls
If the team was composed entirely of 11 Bhuvis, we would have scored 418 runs and played 1,397 balls. Which, I assume, would have been enough to defeat SA
Facebook has pretty much cornered the entire social market outside of China. You can leave Facebook, but you'll end up on Instagram. You can leave Instagram, but you'll end up on Whatsapp. Facebook isn't making paper billions. It is making actual billions. And beating every analyst estimate quarter after quarter
Copy pasting from another thread: Bhuvi's ouster is even more inexplicable when you realize he scored more runs and played more deliveries than any of India's top 5 batsmen in the 1st test. Bhuvi - 38 runs, 127 balls Vijay - 14 runs, 49 balls Dhawan - 32 runs, 45 balls Pujara - 30 runs, 105 balls Kohli - 33 runs, 53 balls
The guy who replaced him, Ishant Sharma, has a test average of 37 Bhuvi has a test average of 26 The fuck man
Kohli is Koach. Koach is Kohli
Amla is in and he looks like he's going to be in for a long time. AB has also looked in good touch the last 3 innings. I say we pack it up boys. Amla-AB in form are just too much to handle
Eh, they know they'll get India all out in half a day.
Bhuvi is probably prettier than Anushka tbh. No homo but he has like the most feminine features possible for a sportsman
And man, the number of bhenchods from Kohli. The man uses them as punctuation now
You're not supposed to watch cricket. You're supposed to *absorb* it. Via osmosis
I've heard that Sangakkara was the god of sledging. Like he'd come up with witty yet piercing shit while keeping to really piss off batsmen
What was that?
He trains smartly mate
RoyBoy definitely aint no SoyBoy
Question: why is prison life either completely missing, or completely misrepresented in Indian cinema?
I don't use Snapchat because I'm not a 17 year old girl
One more reason for Bhuvi
Rich guy's son to papa: "Papa, main bahut ugly hai, mujhko koi ladki like nahin karti" Rich guy: "Don't worry son, I'll *make* them like you And thus, arranged marriages
Just saw the movie today (theater was surprisingly packed). Have to agree. Jack Black got the most laughs and was the best character. I'll agree with OP as well. It's not a masterpiece. It's not an amazing movie either. But it's fun in a dumb way. Plus, it doesn't insult my intelligence at any time like Jurassic World did. The stupid elements made sense.
This is fucked up
I don't see any reason for an actress with a decent career to level false accusations about a stunt coordinator after 25 years All respect to Joel Kramer, but he isn't some Weinstein level power player
Would it make more sense to write "England failed to regain the Ashes" on all future guides, then erase them in the case England win?
Dat Bihar tho Seriously, someone needs to tell them to stop fucking. 3.4 fertility rate is disastrous
Indian here. Tech company co-founder. Probably in the demographic and educational background that used to come to the US, get a green card, then start a company Trust me, there has been a distinct shift in conversation about America. Lots of people from my alma mater are not thinking of America as a favored destination for immigration anymore. They're either sticking around in India or moving to countries like Australia. You'll see this reflected in immigration statistics soon enough. Good for India honestly. Good for you guys too I guess.
I love how generally cunty Ganguly was
MegaBall Pandya
what do you guys figure we'll be at by the end of the day? 3 down?
No he is saying that Kolhi isn't brahmin
BrahMan is an alternative to DudeBro
tbh I probably wouldn't trust any Indian firm with a 300kmph moving train. We don't really have any expertise in this space at all
I'm okay with all of India uniting under Dravid. The one with the first name 'Rahul'
Don't tease OP. Share pics of the puppies too
[Apparently, the reason for Smith's performance has been a woman](http://www.smh.com.au/sport/cricket/how-love-turned-steve-smith-from-cricket-tragic-to-australian-test-captain-20141216-128dsf.html) That would make him the second modern great to have benefited from a healthy female relationship after Kohli (who also attributed his form to his relationship with Anushka)
Nearly all successful politicians are sociopaths. You can't be a good politician if you don't have some level of megalomania. Which makes me think that maybe Rahul Gandhi is unsuccessful in politics because he isn't a sociopath
Steve Smith isn't a good captain. Seriously isn't
Oh come on. Mitch Marsh came in as well. For 1 over near the end of the innings. Surely, that one over was going to push Australia over
They have the same issues as us. Patriarchal society (Dangal), too much focus on rote learning (3 Idiots), etc. Aamir's movies do a good job with these shared issues China's own indigenous movie industry is in its infancy. Bad as Bollywood might be, we do know how to make far better movies than much of the world, especially China Hollywood obviously isnt tackling issues like rote learning and college admissions. China also restricts the number of Hollywood movies that can screen in the country (somewhere around 50/year iirc). This means that the only Hollywood movies China watches are big budget blockbusters
Whatever you might say about motabhai, you cant call him unambitious Side note, Jio has also solved all my internet woes. The speeds are good enough and the price low enough that I cant complain Somehow I've also seen a lot of new broadband providers in my area after Jio
Very difficult to carry off though
Sri Lanka is in a bad place right now. They were 'minnows' in the 90s but a couple of amazing players (Jayasuriya, and later, Murali) combined with an exceptional captain (Ranatunga) pulled them almost single handedly to greatness. After that, much of their world beating performances were built off the backs of Jayawardane, Sanga, Murali and Vaas. All four of these, Murali and Sanga especially, are among the all time greats. When people of Murali and Sanga's stature leave, they obviously leave behind a huge vacuum I also have to say that having traveled to Sri Lanka multiple times, the country doesnt seem to be as crazy about cricket as it used to be. Maybe that has to do with the glut of talent coming through
Dunno why but this makes me love him even more He's not a "regular bloke". He's definitely special.
I would like to do all the above but dont have enough friends who have the time, interest or money for them What do you suggest I do?
I was in Vietnam last December. Man beer there is so cheap. You can get a can almost anywhere (and I mean literally anywhere...its sold like mineral water) for like 30 inr
Considering that the majority of ODIs are played on flat tracks (because lets' face it, sixes get people interested), I don't think it's that bad a move to fill your side with average bowlers who can bat and bowl slow offcutters at death
Rohit is either 10 off 21 balls or 200 off 121
Are you doubting our Lord's leg spinning skillz?
ELI5: Why does England play so few ODIs? Like, Dhoni has 10k ODI
In India, Nepalese people, especially the Gurkhas are known for their strength and bravery. There is even a bad stereotype of Gurkhas working as private security watchmen But man one time I had to get a huge ass air conditioner delivered to my house on the 3rd floor. There is no lift so I was dreading how I would get it up. The delivery guy was a Gurkha. He strapped the air conditioner to his back and hauled it all the way to the 3rd floor without breaking a sweat. Later, I had to call my brother for help just to push it 5m across the floor.
Victoria Cross winner, no less (To Americans, that's the British equivalent of the Medal of Honor)
Usually, last names give you away in India. Plus the installation guy who came with him pointed out that "these Gurkha people don't get tired"
The latter. Nepalese people have been trying to fight the stereotype that they all work as domestic help and security guards
Is Michael Clarke the weakest, whiniest cunt to play cricket for Australia?
I mean it's one thing to watch a man being run over by a car 100m away in a low quality traffic cam footage, and it's another thing to watch a man's heart ripped out from his body in up-close, high quality footage
Never doubted him as a batsman. A modern Australian great for sure
I think it's high time we start boycotting American companies, at least the ones vocally supporting Trump. I've had it with being insulted time and again as "shitholes" Motherfuckers built their wealth on our resources then have the gall to call us shitholes
Haan bhai, duniya mein do hi color hote hain, black aur white. If you don't like Trump you're obviously a Baba Ramdev bhakt
Human health is weird. I don't know if praying helps, but a shit load of things that shouldn't help actually do. Like the placebo effect. It works even when you know you're taking a placebo
Irfan Pathan Now there was a talent. His swing was outrageous and he was more than a handy bat. I don't think the Pathan brothers are concerned with cricket anymore. They made their money and pulled their families into upper-class status. Good for them. And OP, come on - Kamran Akmal was only ever talented at dropping catches
The best part is when TV channels beep "beef" on cooking shows If your faith is so weak that a word offends you, you need to find a new faith
You can see how good he was when you look at the way the players adored him. When we won the world cup, the only two people we paraded around on the ground were Sachin and Kirsten
In terms of sheer acrimony, it has to be India vs Pakistan
Increase taxes when crude is low Retain same taxes when crude price increases Hmm I wonder if the government could do something about it
I'm a grown man and I feel scared for my safety in Gurugram Truly the asshole of Delhi
This is the kind of logic i hear from Indian uncles all the time Modi knows his demographics
Armpit
Gingers don't do well in bright sunlight and heat
Maybe one reason why Indian people have a problem with paying taxes is because we know so much of it is lost to inefficient government workers, subsidies, and sheer graft. I personally wouldn't mind paying more taxes if I knew it wasn't being abused by politicians and babus
I would never have used chaiwala as an insult, but man, Modi keeps on parading it around all the time
I learnt English like that too, but it is very easy to switch to an Indian accent for me
I was in Vietnam for like 3 weeks and by the end of my stay, I was using soft 't' like the Vietnamese do
The older I get, the more I realize that paying less is never a good idea
An 8 year old Loki would probably have the same mass as a large python too I guess An adult Loki likely weighs over 200lbs and would be too large to pass off as a snake
Slightly off topic, but why is it that I've never seen a baby peacock?
As Brett Lee said, if you can't get along with Dravid, you're doing something wrong in your life
Rank turners make white batsmen look bad
&gt; He didn't even ask the guy if he was done with his use of the machine. He just rushed in there and started doing his own thing. Indian gyms are usually tiny and have only a single copy of each machine. You won't find rows of benches or multiple squat racks. So people are used to working themselves in between someone's set. If I was to wait for everyone to finish their set in an Indian gym, I'd be there for 3 hours
You also need mighty calves to pull them off The only person I've seen do it successfully is Raphael Nadal
It's very clear that the only batsmen who have been successful so far have been aggressive. Pandya, Kohli, Ashwin - they all scored runs with strikes rates in excess of 60-70 Dhawan's brain dead hitting might have actually worked is all I'm saying
inb4 "he played 30 balls without a run and soaked up the pressure! The ball is now old for Pandya to smack around"
He's going to go all Chris Gayle on them. 35 ball 100* coming
I wonder if you can give Rohit that slot and give him the license to go all out But the problem is that Rohit takes time to get going in ODIs as well. He will get out before he sets in in tests
Thats Allott of balls
I mean my country might be a shithole as your President says, but the worst I had to fear in school was being scolded by my teachers for not doing my homework. Heck, we didnt even have a bullying culture
I'm pretty sure lots of countries will be happy to get a trained doctor. Not the US though apparently
That's like asking "why can't my Maruti Alto do 0-100 in 3 seconds?" Capability nahin hai bhai
Yeah, same here. Though I have to say that my Nike polyester tees are incredibly durable. I've had one for over 10 years now!
Ashwin. I'm not even kidding
Dhoni at least had grit Not like Pandya, thinking its Wankhade and the track is flatter than his abs
It's the same damn story anytime India plays on any pace friendly tracks Why can't our cash laden BCCI get this shit fixed? The one sport we actually put money in and still lose like hell when things become competitive
Also, he did all this in a mostly shit team with little to no support
Bhuvi did the same thing in the first match For that, he was replaced by a strike bowler with an average of 37 Kohli should resign as captain for this decision alone
Thats an embarrassing stat for Dhawan and Rohit I'm now a forever Bhuvi fan
For Ishant "37 avg" Sharma
Well if he'd just shown more intent, we could have been all out for 140 in only half as many overs. That gives us all the more time to get spanked around by ABD
Literally no one in the team is a guaranteed start except Koach That can't really be good for a team's confidence
You could add Brett Lee to that list
If I'm honest - and as a big fan of the first one - this looks like crap Too much Michael Bayish. Not enough Del Toro
I agree with your criticism. He isn't the Dravid replacement everyone hypes him up to be. I'm just saying that in the situation we're in, we should be happy for whatever runs we can get. He is the best of all the other crappy batsmen in this side.
Kohli is of course way better than Pujara. Kohli is a once in a generation batsman who'll go down as one of the greats.
That's true. I always thought Kohli was going to be a one day specialist with a strong test record. I used to follow their averages. Pujara was inching close to late 50s at one point while Kohli was still in the late 40s But Kohli has surprised a lot of people in the last couple of years.
&gt; Gangs Of Wasseypur Such a pathetic movie. Not even a single proper dance sequence.
Neither is Big Vern but he's the scariest of the lot
Rabada and Ngidi have been seriously impressive.
If you've ever been inside a train, you would know that it is much wider than the tracks
To my mind, Modi has been an utter and complete failure of management. In any competent organization, idiots like these wouldn't have any visible role. "Development" has been a sham
Did he actually say that?
Suicide by assasination, most likely
Honestly I'm used to Indian teams losing by an innings overseas. What makes this series so frustrating is that we came close to winning in all the matches. It's the first time I've seen Indian fast bowlers look so good We fucked up team selection otherwise this series could have been ours
Let's be real man. We were never truly down and out. All the matches were competitive. Not like the Ashes where losing by an innings was mandatory
He is the Bhuvaneshwar Kumar of Indian government :(
What the hell happened? Just woke up Devils in the pitch or Standard English Collapse?
What I ask of Hindu bigots is: why do you current generation muslims for crimes of their forefathers? The Hindu genocide might have happened under Babu or Aurangzeb, but the muslim living in India today has nothing to do with it.
Never cared about Bhuvi earlier After this series, he's my favorite Indian cricketer What a champ
He is one of the few Indian bowlers I've seen with a sub 28 average in tests Speaks volumes about India's bowling quality though
Is it honor or is it recognition of history? Were these invaders entirely bad? If yes, then why still adopt and by using it, honor their cultural practices, food customs, music traditions and imported languages? If you dont have a problem with colleges and streets with British names, you shouldnt have a problem with streets named after muslim invaders. As far as I'm concerned, the British "colonizers" (who were also invaders) were far worse for this country, its culture and its people. Yet we venerate them happily
Kohli is a hard cunt
The dumbest of my Facebook friends are hyping up BTC now If the kid who couldnt clear 11th grade is telling me to invest in BTC because "its foolproof money!", then I have some doubts about the investment
The paranoia of the alt right is only matched by the paranoia of the left The former sees pedophiles everywhere. The latter sees white supremacy symbols everywhere
How is this person the most powerful person in the world?
As a brown dude that terrifies Trump, I found Australia to be very welcoming. You've got a nice little vibe in your cities. Feels pretty optimistic and open
You're assuming that Bhuvi will even get out
In bitcoin tho
I think I have a man crush on Bhuvi
Mob riots are part and parcel of development bro
Bhai tohfa aisa do jo kaam aaye
Yeah man. Indians never try to affect foreign accents, give instant respect to English speakers, model their institutions along British lines, call their judges m'Lord, send their kids to convent schools, use brands that pitch themselves as "quintessentially" British, give their own brands fake British sounding names, and use he first opportunity they can get to shift to Britain (if America fails) None of this ever happens. Ever.
DD is filled with idiots
Building a team around kids who have zero name recognition People follow teams for players or for their city/state No one even knows who Pant and Iyer and Morris are
Nehru doesn't explain why the same phenomenon - veneration of the colonizers - is found in virtually every former colony, from Pakistan and Sri Lanka to Kenya and heck, even Vietnam. Maybe that's because the colonizers displaced our native cultural institutions and replaced it with theirs. Over 200 years, our culture was diffused into theirs to the point that we started considering ours to be inferior (a dhoti is "dehati", a suit is "cultured", etc. etc.) Which is precisely why I consider the Brits to be far worse for India
Joe Root: "I'm not a little boy" Rahane: "I'm not a soft boy"
How is Rishabh Pant, a 20 year old with 0 Indian caps, worth 15cr? Is Delhi Daredevil doing money laundering?
I'm from Jaipur so I've followed it closely. Our team has always been shit not just on the field but also on paper
That makes the entire idea of crypto unusable for the general public Banks have been a thing for centuries. Keeping your own keys is akin to hoarding your cash in your own house Its culturally a dead practice
When Modi wanted to Make in India, I thought he meant phones and computers, not pakodas
Brah, you forgot - bribing cops to let you operate your stall
BC America under that retard is experiencing a growth surge and here we are struggling to catch our previous best
Ngidi scored 60 off 15 balls, turned to Rabada and said "look at me, I'm the village boi now"
I really think we would have a fair shot at Centurion if we had played this team (with Rahane and Bhuvi)
I'm just happy that Bhuvi won MoM That ball to ABD in the first innings was the ball of the decade for me
Kohli is just the kind of cunt you cant help but love
Kohli's cuntishness is somehow endearing. He plays like he is a foulmouthed 12 year old kid
Are you forgetting Ganguly's topless shirt whirling? That was THE moment in cricket for my generation Nothing Kohli has ever done comes close to that level of banter
Sehwag is a Jat I'm a Jat We're the most cuntish race to ever walk the earth. We make bogans and rednecks look civilizef I'll fight you for it
I fucking love Bhuvi after this That ball to ABD in the first innings. Fuck man that was Wasim Akram level good
Mercurial talent needs father figures As Shoaib Akhtar said, if he had Ganguly as his captain, he would have played 100 tests If KP had someone like Dhoni or Faf as his captain, he would have played 125+ tests
Splendid write up mate. I thoroughly enjoyed that
Is Rashid Khan now the first richest man in Afghanistan?
I mean much of the wealth comes from the subcontinent. In 10 years, I'd reckon India alone would be a $5T economy. That should at least double of triple current salaries
I love this kid and Rabada The joy on his face after his first wicket in the last match was the most adorable thing on a cricket pitch
Rishabh Pant to DD for 15cr Joe Root unsold
Ab koo development ki baat bhi nahin karta bc
I mean the guy has been with the same woman for years, has multiple kids, and has never been known to act like an ass Thats just role model material
Geez man I remember the way Roddick looked so flabbergasted at the US Open (or was it Wimbledon?) final against Federer. He just couldnt believe someone could play that well
5'6" with a 5'8" wife here. I know it's a cliche, but confidence really is the key
I think QDK will depend a lot on his performance in the SA vs Ind ODIs Because based on the tests, he is in wretched form
I bought my in laws an Amazon Alexa speaker. Now my FIL, a Flipkart loyalist, has switched over to Amazon Flipkart simply can't compete with Amazon's multi-pronged attack. It remains an e-commerce store. Amazon is giving away e-commerce AND movies/music and consumer electronics
Maggi + fried egg on top If you're feeling rich, try south indian style maggi Heat some oil. Crackle some mustard seeds and throw in some curry leaves. Add some onions, ginger and green chilies. Saute Add some curry friendly veggies or chicken strips. Let cook slightly. Add the Maggi masala. Roast lightly. Now add some coconut milk. Let it come to boil. Then add enough water. Finally, add your noodles.
Not a triple necessarily. But a number of long, hard innings, like Rahul Dravid's 233 or Laxman's 281 would just add to Sachin's credentials
I don't know if the situation is better now, but until the 90s and early 2000s, ordinary people lived in utter fear of cops. Now with media scrutiny, I think cops are at least a tiny bit scared of abusing their power
Bitter because bob and vegene and YouTube trending videos Sweet because these people will one day also stumble upon Wikipedia and Khan Academy
Sachin's first double century came a decade after his debut. He already had 20 centuries by then.
Dude, I'm not the first one to point out Sachin's lack of long test innings. It's even more important because his biggest rival was Lara, a man known to play extremely long innings And Koach's first double hundred came 5 years after his 2011 debut. Not 10 years.
Yeah this is precisely why I never trust any of these stories about "hero" cops in tribal areas. I've seen far too many cops treat poor people like dirt
Dunno man. Even former greats say that Dhoni is one of the best captains to ever play the game, especially in ODIs
As a resident of a shithole country, the "shithole countries" remark turned me completely against him. Why crap on a country that's already suffering?
Paul Adams And Manoj Tiwary
Arent most players pretty friendly with each other off the field? For all his on field antics, even Afridi publicly praises Indian players.
Shaam tak khelenge, gaand fat ke aa jayegi
I'll pay very good money to watch a Kaiju-sized Scott battle a Kaiju-sized stuffed teddy bear
I read "Chinese Sci-Fi Clown Action Movie" and thought it will be some ugly, low-budget CGI-fest. It is a CGI-fest all right but nowhere close to ugly I wonder what Chinese cinema will be like in a decade
An Irfan Pathan century off 133 balls What could have been...
I don't understand how parents can blackmail kids by parroting all the sacrifices they made for their kids. BC the kids never asked to be born. You made them because of your own selfish reasons. The kids are going to go through the same thing when they have kids. A parent who asks for 'thanks' for his work is a bad parent.
Akhtar's talent was wasted by an ungrateful bunch of administrators and captains He would have been one of the greats under good leadership. Imran Khan would have made him play 100 tests
Are you trying to say that DJ "Champion" Bravo and Chris Gayle are not great role models?
Yes. People played this game for decades without DRS. If mistakes happened, it was assumed to be a part of the game. I know I'm in a minority with my views. It's okay. No need to attack me for it.
Why did I always suspect that Warner smelled weird? And why does your claim doesnt seem to surprise me?
Warner probably had cardoons playing in his head
Oh DRS definitely improved the sport. But at the same time it took something away from it. Not sure how to put it - like replacing a 1960 Mercedes with a 2018 Lexus. The Lexus handles far better is way more comfortable. But its not...as organic as the Mercedes. Shitty analogy but hope it makes sense
I guess the difference is that there is no individual judgement in a run out. If the bat crosses the line, it's not out. If it does, it's out. A 3rd umpire just improves accuracy. A LBW is a far more nuanced decision. There is individual judgement. One umpire might give one LBW as out. Another might not. I'm not vehemently opposed to DRS. I like it, especially when it goes in my team's favor.
1 murder = 100 cr
Yes! I used to hate taking trains because of it. Even misses a couple of trains because of traffic
This has been my pet peeve for the longest time In fact, I'd say that north India is now pretty much "punjabi India" Sure, people will listen to Bhojpuri songs in Bihar. But they'll still listen to Honey Singh And they might eat kachori and daal baati, but most restaurants will still serve dal makhani and pindi chana
Kudos to the government. But is it me or does it seem like much of this growth is due to the top 1\-5&amp;#37; seeing a big increase in incomes? Junior engineers are still getting paid the same as they were 5 years ago, but senior managers are now pocketing 25\-30L easily
\&gt; 30 mins to get from ambiance to t3 Come on dude. People live in North and East Delhi and they take 60\-90 minutes to reach the airport. You can't really complain about a 30 minute drive to the airport People in other cities like Blore don't even have airports within 40km of their homes
\&gt; I’m mostly interested in smart, muscular men who are ambitious and well\-groomed 102 IQ and thicker than Donald Trump's third chin here. I've finally worked up to brushing almost daily. Wanna hang out?
Pyaaz-aaloo and Bajar ki roti is a big combo here. Among sabzis, the Marwari style of cooking basically uses a lot of pungent spices. Typical Rajasthani would be ker-sangri (not a fan), gatta, etc.
Weirdly, when I think of Danny DeVito, I think of that Travolta movie, Get Shorty, or his movie with Arnold where they play twins
He's a midget with a Napoleon complex, so of course he belongs on /iamverybadass
I'm 30 and I feel a very strong protective instinct for anyone below 20.
Benoit's case is mostly a tragedy. Post\-mortem reports said that because of repeated concussions, he had the brain of a 85 year old. He literally wasn't in his right mind because the sport he played required him to get hit on the head repeatedly.
I mean most fat people actually look better in a well fitted suit. That also makes me think: why have I never seen an American president wearing a double breasted coat?
My parents reduced my age by 2 years Rashid's did that by 6-8 years
No KL! That's how they got Dravid. You're too good to be a shitty wicketkeeper and have it impact your batting
I dont think roylalty counts for much in most countries, apart from just being glamorous and respected. But I've been to England, and man, if the Queen was to declare that she wants people to revolt, a fair section of the population would follow. The Brits love their monarchy and many, many will follow it over the civilian government if the king/queen was to call on them
It does serve to refute religious folks who say that the universe was created 6000 years ago. If it can be created 6000 years ago, then why not last thursday?
I'm a fucking broke ass idiot who cant make music for shit, but even I paid for Serum I mean the monthly plan is like $10
Kanye also has a shit ton of assets. All his IP - current and future - is worth hundreds of millions. Even if he was in debt, he could basically negotiate a deal where he would give like 70% of his future IP to the debt owner. Owning 70% of the Kanye West catalog for $50M would be a fucking great investment
Just turned on the match. Sad to see Root miss another hundred by 25 runs
Yeah, now imagine if a beloved Queen like Victoria was to do the same. Democracy wasnt really that strong an institution back then. Your monarch asking for your support would easily win over your local MP
I mean lions are beautiful in their own right but tigers are downright stunning
Somehow this reminds me of Bangkok
Are brothers the secret to sporting success? Serious question. Lots of athletes attribute some part of their success to growing up around elder brothers Even if they aren't athletes themselves, brothers play some crucial role in the athlete's development, as in the case of Sachin
Just a conspiracy by PIG3 to deny Kaneo the mantle of greatest batsman alive
I'd say so. With his IPL season, he's shown that he can play all 3 formats equally well.
Yeah. Kane will obviously end up as NZ's greatest batsman. Personally, I just like watching him bat. His off drives are just a delight
The tiger must have been mighty pissed. Because they tend to fuck away from elephants
Buttler you beauty After the IPL and this innings, I'm a fan He's going to be a massive threat against India. He's in the form of his life
Where can I watch it? Some top talent
If Kohli and AbD couldnt play him, Banglabros had no chance against Rashid
I've always seen him as a very busy player. He'll take singles, run twos. You know your strike rate will be under control when he's around
If ANYONE promises you a lot of money without hard work, it is a scam
I gave them 2500 bucks bc.
You do know you're talking about a guy virtually everyone rates as the finest English batsman in two generations, right?
bruh if you're not retired at 28 you're failing at life
Not OP but a close friend works in a bank. The hours are very long, customers you have to deal with are mostly retarded (esp in shitty sarkari banks), you get posted in shitty towns early on and the pay is quite poor with low increments
Debatable. Lee was more of a wicket taker (40+ more wickets than Gillespie in just 5 more tests) More importantly, Lee's brute pace was a good foil to McGrath's consistency This makes me think: if you could pick only one Aussie bowler in your side, would you pick McGrath or Warnie?
On the plus side, the perks can be nice esp. in banks like SBI. Another friend who got posted in Delhi in SBI got a flat in a prime location with tons of parking, gated colony, etc. That would have been a 30=35k\+ rent otherwise
it means the flats have a lot of parking if you live in Delhi, you would know what that means
The CGI was an absolute joke by the 3rd movie
You can't nick edges off that even with Wasim bowling on a cloudy morning at the Oval
That looks like it was written by Warner :D
Is Yogi a midget? Honest question. Modi isn't taller than 5'7". Going by this pic, Yogi is like 5'3" lol
Football fans bitching about FIFA should learn a thing or two about retardedness from ICC
Fucking hell. Still baffles me completely. How could do many people go along with it?
I think Star Wars is a phenomenon you get into as a kid. For much of the world, the original movies were never released in their countries back then. I've tried to get into Star Wars as an adult and they do absolutely nothing for me.
Saudi Arabia also has a problem in that its population is hopeless ill-educated and under trained. They have to import expats for pretty much any serious executive role. A big part of this "modernization" is improving their universities and education infrastructure. I'm hopeful that things will change for the better
Yeah, I've read that they pretty much live in their own segregated section of the city where they are free to wear "normal" clothes. Basically a glorified prison.
A part of this is eerily happening in India right now. But thankfully, because there is democracy, an opposition, and scrutiny from foreign media, it's not going to get as bad - at least I hope so.
Great that Smiffy is raising awareness about mental health and stopping the next generation of Warners
I was waiting for that to happen but it still didnt make it easier to watch
Virtually not a single run scored off a proper cricketing shot. All edges and miscues and leg byes. They had no idea what to do with him
Thats not how this works
Newman was man cool McQueen was boy cool
Man, 4 overs of Rashid Khan completely changes every game He is too OP for these sides I wonder how he'll do against top sides that are traditionally poor spin players like England or SA
Yeah that's what Harsha was saying a few days ago. That Dhoni is one of the best readers of leg spin, and even he couldn't get Rashid
As if I needed one more reason to hate ICOs
I'd say it's better than most forms of celebrity. My cousin is a small time TV star. His only skill is moderate amounts of acting talent and seriously good looks. He has a manager who books his auditions and gigs. In contrast, a YouTube star picks up a TON of skills, from content creation to social media marketing. Those would be valuable in most businesses. Any agency would hire a former YT star easily. A former TV actor whose only skill is to act? Not so much.
Afghanistan's stars are all their IPL players Banglabros are really missing out on the IPL experience. It really does act like a demanding training ground for T20s
IPL is honestly way more competitve than most domestic T20 competitions. The money attracts top talent
Kinda did. Historical mandate. Could have done way more in terms of reforms. But he's strangely protectionist with a strong socialist streak.
This is what happens when you equate "tatti" with "traditional"
It could totally work with the current Aunt May. Marissa Tomei could make a movie about an inanimate object interesting
Yeah, every time I've traveled to some semi\-urban tourist spot, I've always been blown away by how good even the simplest of dishes taste
I'll give you good money if you can guarantee quality and do away with the marketing BS that usually passes for "organic" crap I just want good mangoes man :(
That's the problem \- all these premium services sell these overhyped products. Like they'll sell alphonso, but not safeda. They'll sell quinoa but not atta.
Used to be like that before I got older
That's how they get cows to give milk perpetually
This is literally a long standing meme on 4chan I legit believe that either Trump or someone close to him lurks on 4chan Just waiting for him to call up Narendra Modi and say "poo in loo"
Literally your best ever batsman
I think this is your best bowling attack as well in years. Bolto and Southee are seriously good and Ish Sodhi is very promising
Liberal arts degree Shit's retarded as fuck
It's not even their fault. They ran into Rashid in red hot form. Even the Indian team might have collapsed with the way he was bowling
Error
I don't think I'll ever respect any PhD who insists on being called "Dr." outside of an academic, formal setting
I'm a lit graduate too and far above the randia standard of 1.6lpm. But I'm the exception from my graduating class, not the norm. Most of my classmates can be categorized into a) unemployed/studying, b) working in banks/government jobs, and c) teaching. The teachers are the most miserable and insecure (including my wife) because their jobs are contractual and have zero security. Moreover, absolutely nothing I learned in my degree had any sort of application outside of the classroom. "Finding a job" wasn't even a thing professors ever talked about. There is a reason liberal arts degrees are considered a meme the world over. You need to get an education in liberal arts, but not an entire degree in it.
Love Boobie, but man, you wouldn't imagine he would be India's pace spearhead if you were to look at him. He has the prettiest eyes a man could have and narrow, slender shoulders. How he generates pace and bounce is beyond me
Top batsmen had all of 2017\-18 to figure him out after he bashed them in 2017 IPL, CPL, then Big Bash. But they still couldn't. Don't you think people would have been scrutinizing him to hell after he ran through sides in the first half of this IPL alone?
When there are more than 1 billion Hindus an your chief complaint is "Hindu dharm khatre mein hai", you know you're fear mongering
Mendis emerged from nowhere and tore apart attacks. They figured him out quickly enough. He was an unknown quantity before he debuted internationally Rashid has been playing in some of the most high profile circketing tournaments in the world. You bet they've analyzed him to death. If the arm movement is too fast for the batsman to catch in live situations, no amount of decoding is going to help
Afghanistan is hardly "prominent".
That wouldnt have happened if Pant wasnt playing so well
24 fours what the fuck!
I forget names at the drop of a hat but I'll remember if they had a meeting six months ago that they were worried about
Despite the shit UX, Google Play Music is good enough for me
Freelanced and hustled like crazy. Developed some very in demand skills in marketing. If you can get traffic to a website, you'll never be short of people qanting to give you money
Tbh it's pretty degrading to have a barely clothed woman walk around while everyone is dressed It's only for commercial reasons. But if every man was to not look as this dude did, this sexism wouldnt have a market
It should make us feel pretty tiny, honestly. We swing our dicks around this planet, but far away, there was an entire planet of god-like beings. A single one of their creatures could destroy everything on our planet many times over. Has any comic ever gone into cults surrounding Superman? I can totally imagine a major religion centered around Superman worship
Why is everyone in the Indian cricket team "paaji"? I've seen Sachin regulalry called "paaji", Sehwag called that, Yuvi too and now Nehra Isnt paaji a very Punjabi expression?
My thoughts too. I've never seen him this physical or chatty in anyone's presence. There is a lot of love in their relationship. Also, how come they all refer to Dravid with his full name? Like they have nicknames and stories about everyone - Dada, Bhajji, even Anil 'bhai' - but not Dravid
Didnt cry ofcourse but I was eating dinner when I read about Anthony Bourdain's death. Right at that moment, I noticed that the book directly opposite me on the bookshelf was Bourdain's Kitchen Confidentials Bummed me out pretty bad
Shit, I thought Oman was one of the sane ones in the region
If you were around before Ganguly, you would know that Indians were the pushovers of world cricket. Ganguly was the one who brought some fire to the team There is a reason all players of that era \- Sehwag, Yuvi, Bhajji \- think so highly of dada
It's always strange to me when I hear stories of women being clean and men being the opposite. I'm a little dickish about cleanliness, but I lived with two women once and they couldn't be more filthy
I can't wait for Indian PM Modi to dodge the hand shake by simply grabbing him in a bear hug as he always does
