It says I should have $168,000 in savings. Under a million for my projected income when I'm in my 50s. That's absurd
No I don't make close to that. And putting that straight into savings seems unwise when looking at different financial options.
I assume they are kids in high school
When I'm in my 50s that's what people in my feild make But that formula doesn't really account for income over time, it assumes a solid level of income with no changes or large jumps And I more mean the 168k for my current income seems absurd
When both of us are fully satisfied
He works 6 am - 230 or 330 pm I work 8 am- 5pm, but during certain times of the year it 730-late (can be 9 or 10 pm, more often 7 pm)
Dip brow
Be interesting, engaging, delightful, socially able. And work on your appearance.
About a year into the relationship.
Stop calling it that, for one
Not really. I'm not one for small talk texts with friends If it's a guy I've been flirting with, it's different.
To between my shoulder blades I'm not really a long hair person
Somewhat.
The fuck?
In what circumstance can you imagine it being worked out?
I guess for me, if they talk after the fact and consider it ok, I don't really count it as rape.
No way in hell
For some reason, I seem to be like crack for metalheads. I don't understand why. I'm not even into them. I'm not metal or alternative looking *whatsoever* I don't think it says anything about me
I get over it
Nope Most cops I've met are great guys, and we have a really solid police force, but I wouldn't be ok with the danger involved
Nope, I *just* said I didn't look alternative whatsoever I wear business clothes almost all the time, or dresses/skirts. I have no piercings. Very natural make up. Edit: Do scene and emo still exist? I thought those died like 5 years ago. I feel old.
Hell fucking no
Well I don't know any high schoolers and I've never met anyone scene or emo over the age of 20, but I thought the trend was dead. Then again, I'm totally out of touch
Not overly. My boyfriend is 5ft6 and easily the hottest guy I have ever dated. He's stupidly attractive. Anything over 6ft4ish is too tall for me. My preference is 5ft5-6 feet.
Chris Kratt when I was 6 or 7. I was really into Kratts Creatures.
I've always upgraded. I've never left someone for someone but the quality of person I've dated has steadily gone up.
I would think it looks dumb
If you want NYX products, you can get them at Rexal There are also a few beauty boutiques you can find. Some of them sell my holy grail eyeliner by Geisha Ink
I hate it and find it extremely unattractive
I'd be willing to try out a threesome if he wanted. But I wouldn't feel 100% ok with him using another person to figure out his sexuality... that wouldn't work for me. I don't give a shit about him being potentially bisexual.
Any that insinuate the experiences of others aren't reality, or target the opinions of others or the subreddit tendancies. Or any special snowflake style answers. I also hate questions meant to critique users, their answers, and sow discord
Love. Companionship. A partner. Someone who will always have my back. A support system. A cheerleader. A problem solver. Someone who will let me know when I am making a mistake, and help me fix it. A loving critic. Someone who cheers me up and makes me laugh after a long day. Someone who, when I have had a terrible day, can provide safe haven just by being in their arms.
Yeah, there are a few of these, and they are great networking events. I dislike the topics, usually, but I find it useful to meet people at them
Conferences always have networking portions. And then there are lunches, dinners, coffee breaks, mingling with people before and after panels
My relationship isn't mentioned anywhere on my FB. We don't post anything other than interesting links onto each others walls, and there is rarely if ever conversation.
Nope. That's very impractical in the long term and I don't really want to deal with shit like that
We would not date. If he tried to "win my heart" he would be very promptly rejected.
Ideally every day or two. However that's impractical with my life. I can deal with 2-3 times a week. I'm 24.
How To Be A Woman by Caitlin Moran. Bossypants by Tina Fey The Portable Dorothy Parker
I'm too gregarious for some people apparently Because I'm comfortable flirting with and asking out men I'm not insecure enough? That was a weird one
That sounds really painful and I feel nauseated just thinking about it
I think it's super strange, personally
/r/AskCulinary
Ew. Dude. Come on.
Hi, I'm a woman with perfectly normal genitalia who cannot have those orgasms, pleased to meet you.
No because he's not into it I used to, though.
I have them everywhere. Pockets of my bags, inside my phone case, my wallet, and a business card holder
Yeah all the time. At least a couple times a day on week days and whenever I'm at events.
During usually
What do you mean?
I don't find sex that difficult or tiring. I don't understand the people who say they are too tired to have sex. I can work a 12 hour day, come home, and still want to bang.
Dude.
wtf dude. Why would you ask that
I do tell them to fuck off. And they don't stop (which is common)
"Sorry, dear. I sympathize more with the man who assaulted you than I do my loving girlfriend"
If they had said that, surely I would have said so in my post. Since I did not, you can easily surmise that it was the lack of insecurity, rather than arrogance. Being cocky and arrogant is not a strange reason for being unattractive, and therefore would be off topic. They did not. They didn't like women who weren't extremely insecure. I was specifically told that women shouldn't be secure, it's less feminine, and that in order to be attractive I had to be nervous and insecure and let them build me up and base all of my self worth on them. They disliked that I generally was ok with who I was as a human being.
A guy who I've been into and flirting with for a long time
The issue isn't the car. the issue is the discrimination. You were talking about the wrong subject.
I'm trying to answer but it makes me feel super guilty. I'd be really upset if my bf answered this with qualities of his exes I lack :( Sorry I'm lame
What do you mean? Good for them for making their boundaries clear.
She probably just knows what she is comfortable with or finds that she is happier when she has guidelines for herself I've been known to rush into things too quickly in the past, so now I set boundaries for myself in order to prevent that and to keep myself from making mistakes I've made before.
in my experience it's mostly an aesthetic thing, people find them less visually appealing.
In general no But I would say it is very similar to the majority of women I know personally/in my life. But then there is a reason I'm here right? So it makes sense that I hang out in a place online that shares a lot of what I and my social group seem to think.
Because my next relationship was *better* than my longer relationship. We communicated better, had more in common, got along better. It felt right in a way my other, longer relationships never did. He was better than any of my exes. So it's easy.
No, but not being one is unattractive.
Labia and vaginas in general
Nope, not one bit. It's really not a big deal to me, at all
Also talk to her about Nuva Ring. Way less invasive, but it's also one you can't really forget to take.
Dislike all briefs
Yeah that's the part where I cut and run because I assume they aren't a legitimate company.
and I assumed this was a random man who approached me on the street or in a bar and badgered me for my number
Never ever ever ever ever. I would have huge hang ups about that And part of me feels it's just inappropriate. But I'm kind of weird about it
I'd leave him and be horrified and incredibly angry and feel violated Edit: how would you feel if she pegged you with the same dildo she used bare in another guys ass?
Talk to her.
Some self reflection to figure out what it is I'm doing that is off putting to others and work on it.
I would think she was an idiot and my boyfriend was lazy and I'd ask her to fetch me a beer if she is here to serve people
By bringing everyone onto the same level. That doesn't mean men are subjugated. Unless you think that men and women starting from the same positions and having similar opportunities means men are being subjugated.
I thought it was going to be [the Famous Five](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Famous_Five_%28Canada%29)
It's actually a different use of the word radical I do agree that *extremists* are like that. But not all radicals are extremists, and not all extremists are radicals.
They are all restructuring patriarchal aspects of society. I think mainstream feminism relies heavily on the ideas that came out of some of the radical feminist philosophy.
I'm very into eyebrows
Because it's required for my dress code, and because they make me feel good about myself/confident/attractive
Yeah I assumed there was some sort of cultural aspect I just wasn't getting
I'm not a fan of super short, but I really dislike long hair.
Hands wouldn't bother me too much
Yup. I just got over it. Stopped liking them. If they felt the same way, I would think they were a really shitty person for emotionally cheating on their partner by informing me that they share my feelings.
Warm pulsing
Very different but we have some we can agree on
It slowed down for a while due to his diminished sex drive, but it's picking up again. And the once a week or so sex we do have is amazing
Yup, working at the parliament buildings is my answer too
It's so highly contextual, it's almost impossible for me to answer At work, it depends on the person and what they are doing and how much it is impacting our work performance Personal lives, I only confront cheaters if I know them extremely well (ie, my best friend) If someone says something inappropriate, it depends on who it was and what they said
He's between 5ft6 and 6 ft. Lean muscles. Big butt. Some body hair (I like chest hair and a treasure trail and hairy arms and legs). Facial hair. A thick head of hair, slightly curly. Ethnicity isn't a huge factor as long as I think he's hot. Very strong bone structure. I like sharp cheekbones, high brow bone, strong square jaw. Light eyes, green is ideal. He is average to slightly above average in penis size but not significantly large.
Totally get that
Whoever has the smaller cock goes in my ass Also &gt;I am a backdoor sorta fellow so i'd hate to have another get to enjoy my location of choice makes me think you really really aren't ready to be having threesomes
Why is that?
While I'm totally certain it is the exception and most men aren't like this, in my experience the vast majority of men who have asked me out have taken the rejection badly and either harassed me, or tried to argue with me about why. But I think it's really contextual and more indicative of the guys who ask out tons of random women or women like myself who cultivate an unapproachable attitude most of the time, rather than the average guys.
Or Murale which is like a giant beauty boutique! And often does 20x the points and then 20x the redemption
I rode competitively because I loved the sport.
Where I live, trades guys often make 6 figures
At lower levels and younger ages yes. But all the top tier people, trainers, etc are typically male
Simple curiosity.
For me, it's someone who is content to live a life they are unhappy with because improving their situation takes too much time and effort. And so they would rather be miserable than try to improve their life.
It wasn't though because he would cut me off when they were together. Would break up for a day he would get in touch. And then disappear again. Didn't feel like a choice for me to say stop contacting me when you are only broken up for 5 hours.
Yup. And then they would fight if she saw my name in his phone or if she found he got in touch with me during their break up Also we lived a continent apart and I have a long term partner so it's not like he would be cheating on her with me.
I'm sure some do I don't
Aside from the other answers here you could flatter her and say "this is pistachio, that awesome girl I've been telling you about"
I'm not a fan but I don't like gentle, either
Probably has nipples on the breastplate
Netflix and weed
I love them. I've always thought long shorts look dumb
Because it's a good photo?
Like a billion times a day. He does the same I like it.
Even when I'm at my ideal weight I wear them because dresses sit better with them on
Long stubble/trimmed scruff/trimmed full beard. Long enough it doesn't hurt but not a long beard.
It's a turn off to me but it wouldn't stop be from dating someone I was really into Also downvotes are because we get a billion of these posts. And complaining about them just makes people downvote more
Total deal breaker. His orgasm is one of the main reasons I have sex.
Better fitting, higher waisted pants Also thongs now tend to be significantly lower waisted than when I first started wearing them. They sit well below my hips instead of up on them.
Why would you even do that? How would you feel? How can you not see that it's cruel to get angry with someone over something embarrassing that they couldn't control?
Ok I thought she just accidentally passed gas and you started reaming her out If you made it clear you weren't comfortable with it and she continued then it's shitty behaviour on her part to ignore your clearly stated needs.
How are these things related?
Men shirtless chopping wood
Never Edit- cooking is my main hobby. It's a huge passion of mine. As is adventurous eating and going out to amazing new places to eat. I will not date anyone who has strict food rules, including some allergies (like alliums). It's just not worth it to me and it's not compatible with my lifestyle.
Thats not what retourner means...
Why the fuck don't you believe her?
Very rarely, though I'm starting to get to the point where I feel like I can do so again
I come from upper middle class. My boyfriend has a blue collar working class upbringing. He and I both feel the same way as /u/Little_Lion
Moisturizing is key Also oil cleansing method and chemical exfoliation have saved my skin
I've never seen this
Lean and defined. Hate big/swollen/bulky. No opinion on veins.
I'm very small and significant size differences are just unnerving
I like the flat tax rate (10%) my province previously had, with no one making under 45k paying any income tax.
a few months And mine were larger than most in a very very complicated surgery. the only one you can kind of see is inside my belly button
Do you guys not get mandated time off to vote? Companies where I am have to give you a full hour to go vote if you want it
Yeah they removed part of it to use as a larger incision site to fit one of the larger scopes in. They sewed it back in, and all you can see is a little divot
Agreed, wholeheartedly
You are the YA person, right? Any recommendations?
But it seems like it doesn't genuinely make you feel better about yourself aside from a brief moment of gloating. If you feel like an ugly person and a door mat, you need to work on that shit. Posting awful things for temporary relief doesn't allow you to become a person who can be confident and genuinely like who they are as a human being
Oh my goodness, thank you!
We are people too. Not that different from you. It doesn't need to be daunting - just know that women are often just as nervous to talk to men as men are to talk to women. I spent the first 22 years of my life thinking men were these untouchable, confident beings who never had any reason to be nervous or insecure when it came to women.
I am so happy and so set for beach reads for like the next 3 months. Thank you! I have recently gotten back into YA, and forgot how much I love it
Yup. Even now, I'm slightly scared to ever hit on guys, and I'm certain very few men would be interested in me, and I have to work to remember they aren't as scary as I make them out to be.
They assume I like the same things as all the other girls they have been with, and just do the same shit over and over whether I like it or not.
Well I'm now happy in a long term relationship with a guy I pursued its all worked out. But thank you, I think that's are really good sentiment to have
http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2014/10/white-chili-with-chicken-best.html Won't be as good with ground meat, but you can make a decent white chili with ground turkey
Dude.
Nope. I can afford a kid, but I simply do not want one. Ever.
I just didn't have anything to say to him and don't feel like I have to be in constant contact with some guy I'm chatting with/hooking up with. That's part of the point of a casual relationship.
I find both sweaty and overly foot-work inclined dancers to be unattractive.
He gets really pissed when people give the advice to "keep his belly full and his balls empty"
Yep a bunch. I've met them through work and hobbies/volunteering and through mutual friends
They were awesome fun individuals I got along with? What makes anyone like someone as friends
Support, and then input if I ask for it
Not going to lie, that's my nightmare
thats more understandable. I was imagining a fairly healthy happy relationship and you were just super close to your female bff and left your wife for her out of the blue. Which happened to a few people I know so it influences my gut reaction.
He feels that it's sexist and diminishes the fact that men have needs beyond what is stereotyped while perpetuating sexual assumptions that can be harmful
Man, that makes me super awesome
Flip the fuck out. I turn around and tell them off. Or a swift kick backwards or an elbow backwards if it's a really crowded space
The severe amount of pain
It would be pretty awesome. My dad is a smart guy and has some great ideas. I think he would do a good job.
Nope, I find that frightfully rude.
Yup. I did it for years. It's SO much work, it's kind of insane. I trained for 2-3 hours every day.
Nope. It's not a priority for me. And I think a number of guys I've dated including my current partner would give me the side eye and find it odd and off putting if I did.
It depends entirely on the relationship. I would buy it and also get ticket insurance
My mum did it. She is the president of her company so she built a home office and worked out of there the majority of her time, aside from meetings and times she had to be gone. We just established some strict boundaries.
Yup. I had no interest in him and thought he was absurd for trying. I've never once thought I made a mistake- the opposite, usually. If he's doing well then good for him but I am totally indifferent. I rarely think about any of my exes. They never cross my mind. I forget most of them pretty easily.
Probably my Louboutins
Even now I assume you are a huge asshole
Food and booze
Several months
Maybe some but not to me
At this point in my life (mid 20s) I wouldn't ever do it. That may change someday though.
If I'm only friends with one of them, I tell them If I'm friends with both I talk to the cheating partner about it
I try to be very discreet. A short glance is all I need
Totally different from my experience
Doesn't happen IRL much If it does, it's because I am insecure and was ok when we were in the moment but self conscious now
A lot of 18 year olds are still in high school Really really weird.
That sounds glorious
I guess I also assume that when a guy is really into an 18 year old, it's more likely because he has the maturity level of a high schooler, than her having the maturity level of a 25 year old. Sure there are some cases where it's otherwise, but I've personally never seen it
I agree regarding saying things, and ideas. But where it crosses the line for me is targeting people in real life, going onto their social media, and consistently harassing various individuals for shits and giggles.
By doxxing them, targeting them in real life, posting links to their social media, etc.
There are people of all ages on campus, dude
The West Wing I think I've watched all 7 seasons more than a dozen times
Just watch the first episode, and see what you think.
Because he wasn't always like that, and while I no longer respected him, I truly thought he had it in him to change into the person I know he could be someday. When that never happened, despite me trying everything in my power to help and support him, I left.
...I haven't watched it either
Sure, a number of times Also, I could *swear* I read this exact same post recently, word for word. Weird.
YES! That's the one
And now this post is deleted? Very odd
I usually do some sort of physical activity, meditate, read, and distract myself.
You LOOK happy! And so much more comfortable. Good for you, this is just amazing progress
Why would it be? Do you feel like he isn't focussing on the kiss? And subsequently isn't as into it, or you? If so, you are most likely wrong. Some people just kiss with their eyes open
Life pro tip - don't believe everything Bruno Mars sings about
So then what's going on with /r/muacjdiscuss?
[Right?!](https://media0.giphy.com/media/qG2h9G9NMRRE4/200_s.gif)
For me it's just that I don't want people taking pictures with my phone or looking at photos to come across something As well as having a space for legally confidential documents
Privacy is when you are openly hiding something Secrecy is when you are secretly hiding something Privacy is a great thing, it's only secrecy when dishonesty is involved.
Mine for sure
Yup. It was horrible. Never again. I felt like the worst kind of shit and he was a horrible horrible disgusting human being.
Being upset with your partner and not desiring sex is a PERFECTLY valid reason to not have sex, and it's disgusting that you think otherwise
Exactly. Part of me doesn't believe that he is actually ok with how she looks without make up or heels, or else this wouldn't have been an issue he would have focussed on so much. It's her choice. She feels scared and harassed and is probably worried about it being worse next time. He DOESN'T know what it's like to be catcalled. Being yelled at by douchebags is a totally different feeling than being verbally sexually harassed and objectified in a way that makes you feel terror and shame all at once. He needs to sympathize with the poor girl and talk to her about why it makes her feel this way. And be a better boyfriend.
Be a great conversationalist, have solid social skills, be attractive, make me laugh, be an interesting human being who piques my interest and makes me curious about you.
I'm trying to start the first episode but Netflix won't load :( UPDATE: It works on my laptop but not on the computer connected to the TV :(
Trimmed sounds weird
Because it's a natural human sign of acknowledgement. I'm not being friendly or flirty, it's just a response to another person being in my vicinity.
I'm not directly looking at you as anything other than a fellow person who is nearby me. It's weird to me that you only look at the people you think are attractive. You don't even glance or see anyone else? You are 100% blind to everyone who isn't a hot woman?
I do, all the time. Walk past someone in a hallway, I smile at them to acknowledge their existence. It's just polite.
Why are you so touchy? She was being perfectly polite in her post.
I'd consider it pre-flirting Though when guys do it to me I assume it's in a sarcastic manner
Not at all
You mean most men?
Because you are the specialist snowflake and no one else in the world has a variety of different interests...
If we are not in a social venue or some sort of shared experience, don't talk to me I absolutely hate it when random men come up to me while I'm just trying to get through my day in order to have a conversation. I think it's rude and incredibly arrogant and self centred to think I owe you conversation and to stop walking to work or grocery shopping or doing my banking or working out, simply because I'm female in public and therefore am a target.
I do exactly what your boyfriend advises. I calmly inform him as to why I'm upset, and I don't assume he can read my mind. Also I don't understand why you are so upset that he once had a thing with a girl you are working with. He doesn't need to tell you every person you have slept with, particularly when it seems like you are pretty insecure about it. And it seems like she didn't bring it up and make you feel like shit, so what's the issue?
At my house no But if it was at a spa where I could get a pedicure and my brows waxed at the same time, I'd be all over that shit
Yup, a long time ago.
Yup that happens to me. And my veins collapse almost every time I get an IV. They ended up using like 6 different locations because they kept collapsing. And also I've often had them put in wrong which is awful
Nope that's disgusting
Usually it's at something else not at you
I haven't noticed a particular difference
No clue. For me it's more lump sums throughout the year
Nope, but the kinds of bars and parties I go to don't really have grinding
Every person is capable of stopping their voluntary reactions. The act of orgasm maybe not, but everything else? Yes.
Sounds like you will regret it, because you aren't happy about it now Some people are totally good with it, even prefer it. Seems to me you aren't one of them. &gt;My girlfriend is beautiful but when we kiss the only thing on my mind is wishing it was another girl This isn't fair to your girlfriend. How would you feel if she thought that way? End it now before it gets worse and you both get even more hurt. It's not going to change.
Diarrhea. I find vomiting significantly more unpleasant.
I will be PMing you once I'm finished it all next week to talk about!
What are you talking about
Yes but from exhaustion not alcohol
There are some street corners with a tims on two corners and Starbucks on the others. There are 4 tims within a 5 minute drive of me right now.
I didn't really have an opinion until I started having sex
I say no to almost anyone. The question for me is why would I give my number. I only give it to people I'm quite interested in.
Yup. One was a perfectly normal everyday guy. Just your average dude. One was a shy awkward geeky guy. Another was an artsy type. What's your point?
So from this then I assume hot women on the internet devalue women you meet in real life? Or else why would you think that of us? It's a horrible way to view the world and is not close to my reality I really feel sorry for you, it must suck to think that way
I'd think it was pretty gross to wear sweat stained (because I wouldn't know what caused the stain) shirts to work.
Charming, outgoing, handsome nerds. Wide variety of hobbies Must love food and dogs
I get through the date and then I simply don't go on a second date.
You and I have almost the exact same type
I like it when they say "thanks man! I appreciate the compliment!" And wiggle their bums and pretend they were the ones being cat called
Black pumps
Nope extremely unattractive
Interesting, I find strong bone structure extremely traditionally masculine
I find it quite unusual and rather uncommon around the age of 20.
I find them childish. I'd be friends with them but not much more. I don't have a whole lot of time for them.
Oh man I'm shocked that women aren't just swarming to you...
Fuck bananas. Disgusting awful things.
i totally agree I hate looking at them. I hate the sound they make. I hate how people eat them. All of it.
Ive never met one
Being woken up with cunnilingus?
What are your thoughts if prior consent is given a number of times? (Such as someone saying it's ok, as well as often remarking on how much they would enjoy it?)
Nope but I know within minutes if I'm attracted to them or not
Nope. Not in my mind. You can like nerdy hobbies and have that personality but still be socially able and outgoing.
Because I'm really only into people once I know them. Maybe not friends but at minimum acquaintances. I don't see a point in wasting my time with strangers when I know so many awesome people through other aspects of my life. It also let's me assess them a bit before we start dating which is great.
Blackfish
Why did that happen? What were her blogs about?
Leaving can be incredibly difficult even when situations are not abusive. You know nothing about her. They could have massive shared assets, children, a life that is totally entangled, not to mention the relationship ties and history that can make leaving incredibly difficult. And it is forced celibacy if your partner insists on monogamy, refuses to have sex, and there are mechanisms in play that make leaving very difficult.
I assume that he thinks she is beautiful and my opinion doesn't mean shit.
Naproxen.
Nope. I'd be a little upset with him though for not talking to me about it while we were together.
I have an extremely extremely broad social circle and meet new people all the time.
I think it's neutral and just emphasizes the lack of privacy and agency these women have due to the nature of prison life.
You don't know them or their relationships. Makes you seem like an ass. Those dudes could have a lot going for them. And it's obvious you are bitter and judgemental and feel entitled to the attention of pretty girls simply for existing.
Never ever ever.
I find it awkward tbh. I have the "what are we doing here" chat but don't really discuss titles
Hillary is of one of the first generations of women provided with the opportunities that could lead them to be qualified to run In 10 years it will be even more common to see women in upper levels of politics as the generational shift cohorts age. Additionally, many other countries have had female leaders. Take a look at them to see what change this might bring. What you will find is that typically gender is somewhat irrelevant to policy. America being years behind the rest of the world doesn't change that.
and will be forever
Went from collar bone length brown to short white/baby blonde and pink Most people loved it.
Most people I meet are that way for me, too.
Parks and Rec
Nope. Never. Not even those red pill men who posted such hateful things.
No, why on earth would you? Being uncut is perfectly normal. I've actually been with more intact guys than cut guys.
Nope, not really Unless we are talking back dimples
It's not a part of the culture where I live. My partner works in trades/blue collar, but I don't find him attractive because he is a labourer.
In a relationship yes I would take issue with it Just a hook up, whatever.
Well now I'm super curious
I do 99% of it I'm a fabulous cook (though I wonder if I shouldn't brag and should strive to be humble). It's my main hobby. It's something I study and research. I've taken classes around the world. I have a somewhat popular food blog. Cooking is my *thing*
Sure but how do you know they don't have oral herpes or other orally transmitted STDs? You could also get a number of STDs from them through sex even with a condom But oral is your limit, because diseases?
So go learn about STDs. Do some real research.
Started drinking wine with my family. Cocktails with my mum, beer with my dad. It's just how my family is. And I really like alcohol but hate getting drunk, so I've always just casually drank for enjoyment of the beverage.
I'm not comfortable with it due to identifying information
I can if I don't want to be identified!
Thanks!
they know vague approximations but nothing detailed
lol
I make it a point to talk very clearly about it And when in doubt don't do it- ask about it. It's not that hard.
The day we got together
I'm not religious. I'm kinda passively agnostic. Im culturally catholic.
I would not do it because I wouldn't want people I know to see I am on it. I'm more private about my sex life.
Canada Racial politics here tend to be more oriented to First Nations, and then West Asian/middle eastern/Indian/etc First Nations issues are huge and there is so much racism towards them. It's atrocious. American racial politics shock me. I cannot honestly imagine what it must be like.
Creepy/odd/weird no. Unattractive, kinda
I would not be attracted to them. I would not wonder if they were gay or bi. I would take no issue if they were bi, in regards to dating.
Yup same here. I was about to be all "hell yes! I used to sit out under trees in the rain writing depressing poetry!"
Well that's your homophobic girlfriend talking, not most women.
Being grossed out by the thought of personally having sex with someone is one thing Being disgusted by other people having sex with the same gender is homophobia.
Sorry, just thought we were having a lively conversation! My bad, sorry for interrupting your chastising of me. Carry on! :)
I've never even seen one in real life. Not everyone pays attention to what you think are American icons...
Except I don't live in the states (though I live pretty close and travel there a lot) I never had a Barbie car Not everyone shares your same life experience
Canada isn't so different culturally, though.
Lower, to match my partners
You aren't attractive to me. Try posting your profile to /r/OkCupid so they can critique it and give you advise
I typically buy them at department stores
130 lbs at 6 ft is very unattractive to me I like lean guys but I've been with guys your shape and I find it really off putting. My BF is 5ft7 and 140-145 and that's perfect for me.
Absolutely nothing
Dressing up in costume would be really rude IMO.
As long as you don't touch it, it's fine But also consider MUFE aqua brow
I do 80% of my work off of it. I find it useful to be able to look up information with it I like having apps that keep my life organized.
Not if you regularly back it up onto both a hard copy and a cloud server. They are unreliable if you don't use them in a way that mitigates the risk. Did you just come on here to argue with people about smart phones?
Rude much? What's the point of that post?
You haven't provided a single good reason why the general public should refrain from using a piece of technology that is convenient, useful, and practical. So, you are failing on your end of this fools errand
&gt; You could do most of that anyways on a desktop 90% of the reason I have a smartphone is because I need to do those things when I don't have access to a desktop, because I'm doing so many things other than sitting in a computer chair all day
&gt;The woman who fits the bill must, by law, be no longer living, and she should represent the theme of American democracy. Theme of American Democracy to me would be someone like Susan B. Anthony, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Lucy Stone, Ida B. Wells, or even Mercy Otis Warren. I'd also support Rosa Parks, or Harriet Tubman.
And wrote/helped with some of my favourite works on constitutional law, *The Federalist Papers*
Right? Fucking drives me bonkers. Get rid of one of my favourite founding fathers, but keep the asshole who **instigated** the **trail of tears** as well as decimating the economy. The only thing good that ever came of Andrew Jackson was the inspiration for the Big Block of Cheese Day episodes of West Wing. ...would it surprise you if I said I wasn't even American? I just have weirdly strong feelings on this
Yeah all the time. I spend time with all my friends one on one. They are my friends. And my boyfriend hangs out one on one with his female friends It's only a date if both people consider it a date and there is a potential for romantic and sexual attraction from both parties.
It was probably gracelessly generalizing gender, and I doubt it was because they assumed women are good at cleaning, but probably for gracelessly generalizing men as total slobs, or something else. I typically trust the judgement of the moderators here
Well now you are being rude and calling someone out and cross posting from a removed post, all of which are against the rules of pot stirring and general assholery. And I agree with the mod, it's really rude to assume all women are good at cleaning and enjoy cleaning, and that all men are slobs, even neat men. I think that's very rude towards men. You can ask individual women questions, without grouping all men and women into gendered monoliths
It's still cross posting and easy enough to find and anyone who read that thread would remember and it's easy to figure out what mod you are calling out. You broke the rules, bro. And you were kind of an arse about it. Chill out and don't just make posts to cause drama.
Yeah, how dare people go out with their friends to have fun...
Hopefully you find one that can satiate your need to cause pointless drama. Bye!
My short shorts end just under my ass, like right at the curve/crease. I don't understand why people wear ones that are just an inch or two shorter than the ones that end right at the bottom of my butt cheek.
Depends on what it is
Anything that crosses the set boundaries we have discussed, or anything that the other person may feel hesitant about but does anyways without discussion.
Yeah, that's how I ended up being accused of cheating by my ex. That rule doesn't work well unless you are exactly on the same page
"I'm really glad you got away."
You ask her
Well it's the only way to find out for sure if you absolutely have to know in order to talk to her more, and aren't good at figuring these things out on your own through other human interaction.
So talk to her for a little bit to gauge her interest? That's how it works...
Have you ever actually interacted with a woman in a meaningful way?
So if she is just being polite and making idle chit chat, she isn't interested. If she is flirting back, she is likely interested.
Depends on the fabric
You can also freeze them.
By being supremely capable and good at my job, and being incredibly sociable and gregarious
Yup I just cut contact and move on with my life. Ignore them and try to forget they ever existed. I try to make my break up mantra "living well is the best revenge."
I don't need you to be violent But I've noticed guys who say they can't be dominant also aren't particularly passionate and tend to be slow and gentle. Which doesn't work for me
Yup it matters quite a bit. If you are overweight I won't be interested and if you are a gym rat/sworle/ripped I won't be interested.
Yeah if I was trying to know him and make conversation
No, but only because I live in a fairly "white" area. If I had more opportunities to date non-white men, I certainly would. I've had feelings for or been attracted to plenty of non-white guys.
That's totally contrary to my college experience. Way more than 20% of men had relationships, and there were always tons of nerdy or unattractive or introverted guys walking around with their girlfriends. But no, I did not "play the field." And I rarely dated anyone I went to uni with.
I don't hang out with people as a precursor to dating them. I hang out with them to get to know them as an individual, and if I fall for them I fall for them. But I don't hang out with them in order to see if I might want to date them... dating is never even on my mind. I don't know that I'm interested in them until I know them quite well. I tend to only date friends and acquaintances.
It's rare. There are one or two I might think that way about on occasion but it's certainly not the norm
Bath and Body Works because I don't know what the other is
Yep It was a disaster and I'm never doing it again
Face for sure Though if he is quite chubby or overly buff that's just as much a turn off as an ugly face.
Once every couple weeks I don't really grow leg hair
You are really over thinking this
So if I have a job that stresses me out or I'm in the middle of a tough term I shouldn't say so, ever? Or if something annoying happened and he asks me about it I should lie? My boyfriend talks about the good things and the frustrating things in his day when I ask. Does that mean he complains too much, or does it mean that he just answers when asked and occasionally vents about stupid shit that happens? Even OP said it wasn't every day. Maybe she just wanted a person to occasionally vent to and he just can't deal with anything other than perfect positivity.
OP said it wasn't every day. And you must have no concept of reality if you think the solution to ongoing life problems is just "get another job," or "study harder." I'd love to live in that dream world where all problems are easily solved.
"Sweetie, I understand that you are going through a rough time but sometimes it feels all we do is talk about your problems. Can we do something fun, distract you a little, and maybe try taking about it less? I just really care about you and it gets me down when you vent all the time."
I'm guessing he is in high school or uni and doesn't really understand communication/expects her to be able to read his mind
Oh good lord no. That would have been a horrible idea. He was a shithead. And we were not right for each other at all.
It's just something I do. I put zero thought into it and I don't even notice.
Nope. I've tried before, and I just can't do it.
Flourless chocolate cake Cheese cake Guinness cake
beer and chocolate
I'm 24 and I'm a completely different person. I look back and kind of laugh at myself. I was so young and just so different. 21 wasn't a big deal for me though.
Terrified that he will change his mind and realize he does, in fact, want kids.
Nope to both questions. I don't even notice them nor find them appealing.
Yes very much so, if I'm in the right mindset with a person who can send shivers down my spine by looking at me the right way.
Its not a guy think. Loads of men are just as sensitive to touch
I was 17, I'm happy with my choice. Losing my virginity wasn't a big deal to me
It's a job requirement.
I'd say the majority of my friends have experienced this I've been followed home by guys who cold approached me on the street and asked for a date and couldn't handle rejection. I've had men harass me for several city blocks or throughout an entire 2 hour+ period while at a concert or movie. I've had guys who I've dumped come in to my work to try to figure out where I am and if I'm dating someone new
I think it depends a lot on location
Because I can also meet new people, travel, etc. with a person along to have adventures with For me, exciting things are more fun when they are shared with someone you love. And I just want a partner to share my life with. Someone who makes me happy and encourages me to better myself and provides love and support, and for whom I do the same.
[Canada's Really Big](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9vxDDcTc64c)
Tasting menu. So many tasting menus. And tapas. And a fabulous cocktail list.
I don't find large amounts of muscle mass attractive. I love lean muscle and quite a bit of definition (without being super crazy defined)
Nope not overly
I often assume men who get super bulked out do it for themselves and to impress other men with their gains, rather than to impress women. I know very few women who enjoy men with a ton of muscle mass. There are a few, for sure, but the majority of my friends are not into super swole gym going body builder types.
I assume it's something that takes a lot of practice
i just don't think about it I assume it's a learned skill. And I also assume that men can typically last the length of time I enjoy, as I am not a fan of super long PiV
Yup. I find him abrasive and don't always agree but I like listening to it.
yeah it really makes me think. I listen to it on my walk to work.
I get whacked in the head by tall people all the time who don't see me I can't buy most blouses because my torso is too short Crop tops are full length shirts for me I don't get taken seriously because I'm short and cute I can't be on top during sex because my knees/legs don't touch the bed/ground/etc.
Veep is so eerily correct about the kinds of people who are political staffers, I actually cannot watch it anymore
Not intentionally but my boyfriend was casually seeing someone when we decided to get together after half a year of being crazy into each other.
I guess I find him perfectly friendly and charming, I just find some of his opinions a little abrasive.
It's also really hard to grasp for some men. I've had a number of relationships end with dudes who assumed I would someday get baby rabies and change my mind.
I love the name Hans My boyfriend has a weird German name too. I don't mind it.
A smile is nice A wink will make me laugh at you and think you are super lame
For me, it's a really big problem. Having great skin is one of the things I'm really attracted to. Skin has always mattered to me and I'm not really sure why.
I'm also a fanatic about taking care of my skin after having really really bad acne in my youth. What's your current skin care regimen?
Nope. Abusers might be drawn to those sports but those sports don't cause them to be abusers.
It would depend on whether or not I believed him regarding the friendship. If it was sketchy and I thought he was lying and then she died and he appeared to still be hung up on her, it would be an issue for me
I really don't care about your specific situation (sorry) as you aren't allowed to ask about specific situations I'm answering in the contexts in which I would be uncomfortable with my partners relationship with a dead girl
I think it's totally fair to still adore her and honour her memory. I can also just kind of see that if your girlfriend had issues with her, this could contribute to it. I don't think she's in the right at all but I can maybe understand *why* she feels the way she does.
Might be true for you but even if I lost 20 lbs (and I'm not overweight) I wouldn't have a thigh gap. It's more about body type than anything.
I can't imagine why it would change anything
In theory I refuse to date anyone who can't give me a firm answer In actuality my boyfriend waffled in the past and it terrifies me that he might someday want kids
Not indefinitely but for a long adventure sure
Yep because I knew we had some major incompatibilities
Depends on the friend. Some quite a bit, others not at all
That sounds like a terrible idea First if you asked me in a discrete way i wouldn't have a clue what you are doing Second, why would you risk your job on some stranger?
Then it's probably because you are attracted to shitty people, or are shitty yourself Because the vast majority of women aren't like that and you just seem super bitter and childish about it
In that situation I think she was being flirty and laying some groundwork and being playful and he took it too far/too seriously by offering to actually come over late at night with cookies.
Why on earth would it be? It's still kids. It's still raising a person
I think I can be friends with a man before, during, and after fucking. And that having had sex has never impacted my friendships. I have good friendships with guys I've banged as well as guys I haven't.
I'm not really attracted to any of them
Months I can figure out whether I'm capable of liking them romantically pretty quickly but actually liking them takes me a long time
They both sound horrible
Geisha Ink. I've tried everything - Kat Von D, stila stay all day, etc. nothing compares to this.
A few months. 6 maybe? Because I wasn't in a relationship and wasn't into casual sex
"You must have had one! You were moaning and you seemed to really enjoy yourself! I swear you had one"
Being long distance for four of the first five months we were together And our very very different communication styles and ways of handling conflict Also there was some issue with his ex in the first part of our relationship We got through it all
He was still hanging out with her and lying to me about it
If I know they are in a relationship I find them less attractive However I find men in relationships are a lot less desperate seeming, are laid back, conversational, and easier to get along with. So I'm way more into them than I would be if they were single and furiously hitting on me. Once I know they are taken, however, I back off.
Yes it is. It's fantastic and I love it. I got a job in my field before I actually graduated.
Try looking for examples from the "critique my dick pick" tumblr
Ive been told that my vulva is a deal breaker, deformed, disgusting, no man would ever willingly have sex with me, that I should get surgery, etc.
It's a fairly common sentiment even among men who claim to be open minded. I've heard it it person from multiple partners Look at any online discussion where they discuss female external genitalia. Tons of people feel that way. The majority of men in my human sexuality class did as well, same with some research I've read. There are also a number of people who like different shapes and sizes, but it doesn't really help when it feels like so many people are disgusted by you.
visible inner labia
Haha yep. But it's apparently the end of the world for most guys.
I can't imagine why it would be an issue
Its been a significant problem with the men I've known Which is bullshit
Thats basically how I feel all the time when I think about it
The fact that the majority of men have a preference that way makes me feel like I will be a let down and they will be disappointed, even if they don't kick me out of bed for it. It just really gets to me, which I know is silly
I'm 25
The intimidating thing That's just dumb
According to the men I've been with, having visible labia makes me deformed and disgusting
I wouldn't be into you and wouldn't likely think about you or notice you much
But part of the problem is guys having to put down one vagina to praise another. Can't we just not insult anyone's vulva?
Yup, that's really similar to my experiences. And now I just feel like my boyfriend must feel bitter and resentful that he is stuck with a girlfriend who doesn't have a "pretty" vagina, even though he has never said anything negative about it. And I'm totally unwilling to let guys see it, most of the time.
I think people should stop judging other people's relationships in that way. I personally think disagreements are healthy, but disagreements and fights are different. What you describe as "openly discuss their feelings," I consider to be disagreeing If we are openly and calmly discussing our feelings and trying to figure out where we stand on an issue where we strongly disagree, it's an argument Fighting involves yelling and anger and sadness and hurt feelings and while I personally think it's unhealthy and wouldn't be ok with it in my relationships, I'm sure it works just fine for other people
When I see that, I assume they mean "fights" as in "disagree and discuss the issue at hand if there is a problem." I think it's unhealthy if people bottle everything up and never disagree and never bring up issues, and I think people are naive if there are never any areas ever where they disagree. Most people, imo, see a disagreement and a discussion about the disagreement as a fight
That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying you can say "I love large labia!" without saying "small labia are unattractive." State the positive - no need to state the negative and contribute to the shaming of women's genitalia
I'm 25, not sure if that counts or not (because it could, but I don't feel all that young when it comes to my sex life)
Yeah, being hurt or upset, having two different opinions, talking about it, and then coming to a common solution together is what a lot of couples consider to be an argument or disagreement.
like, 6 dodged bullets then
Agreed which is why I asked what you considered young. Well I was forced to grow up really early but that's beside the point Even men who are in your age bracket have told me these things.
Because in my experience it's the vast majority of guys
i am 25
Ok, end of the world for *most guys I've been with and talked to about it*
I'm happy being a 30E (which looks small) but I'd change the shape so they aren't shallow with a wide root
I am in Canada and they are not virgins who have never seen a woman naked. And I didn't know they were "rude oafs" until they commented on their vulva opinions.
I don't change my behaviour simply because he likes me. That's his issue. I will keep talking to him unless he makes it uncomfortable.
My stomach. No matter how much weight I lose, it looks awful
A few times a week. Dry shampoo if it's gross in between
Ew. Dude. Come on
I do it because men get mopey and tell me I'm broken and guilt trip me and shame me because I don't orgasm. Most men get really upset if their partner doesn't orgasm I don't want to deal with that all the time, so I used to fake it so they wouldn't make a huge deal about it.
Of course I can't imagine why it would be an issue
At this point in my life, almost never. Maybe once or twice in the last year.
Make me soup. Bring me drinks. Go on medicine runs. Take care of me. Cuddle and watch movies.
honestly, unless it's a huge difference and extremely wrong, I'd just roll with it. A friend of mine pronounces her name Cass-hahn-draw rather than Cass-ann-da. She corrects her boss/superiors about it all the time and honestly just kind of looks like a jerk.
I'm fine with it. I wouldn't do it but I'd buy rabbit from someone who did.
&gt;i need to let her know - let the world know - that this woman is the most beautiful creature i have ever laid eyes on. This can't be casual because of how long the feelings have festered inside while I played the good guy role as her friend and supporter. The world owes me this - now it is my time to FOR ONCE. I am tired of letting other people call the shots - this time I am getting what I want NO MATTER WHAT dude. Not cool. You aren't entitled to a person. That's creepy and horrifying What you are planning would scare me off and be coming on way too strong and I'd likely never talk to you again
I will flirt with other guys because I like flirting with them and if my crush isn't into me I will move on and flirt with other dudes as part of that
Duh
I would never reach that point with a partner. It's not about comfort, but rather boundaries
Why not ask him what he likes?
I'd ask him "hey sweetie I really want to look good for you. What would you like me to try?"
What?
So you can't handle basic interaction without your SO holding your hand? That's not introversion that's codependence and social anxiety. He didn't betray you simply because he expected you to react like a normal adult.
Sure you can feel uncomfortable But being totally unable to function and angry with your partner for participating in a social function is different from being uncomfortable
The whole "natural is better" idea is totally bunk I recommend a gentle acid exfoliant, and an oil as well as a heavy duty cream moisturizer. Skin care addiction will be a great place to start looking
Exactly what I'm doing now - furthering a cause I believe in It's how I know I picked the right job
100% deal breaker
We would not be compatible I'm dealing with someone who used to have a high libido and lost it. It's hell. If I knew someone had a low sex drive I would never be into them
Sure but when I can have an awesome life , AND a lot of awesome sex, why would I settle for less?
I've never even met a dwarf
It means exactly that
Seriously? Simply because I am not attracted to men with bad skin, you think I deserve to be alone and am a horrible person? Are you attracted to absolutely all women?
Again, do you find every single woman and every single feature attractive? Most people have good skin. It's not like I'm being that picky in wanting a guy who isn't covered in acne
A citation look up for Beauchesne's Parliamentary Rules and Forms/Standing Orders of various commonwealth countries/Roberts Rules, where you can search, cross reference and get citations and examples with ease
At home
Cool, you have your priorities, I have mine. And I look for only long term partners, too. Luckily there are thousands of men out there with good skin, who are also amazing people, intelligent, great partners, loving, kind, funny, and all the things I want. Including physically attractive. I'm in a healthy, happy, loving and long term relationship with a guy I think is insanely gorgeous. But of course, I'm the worst and deserve to be alone
It's so fucking hot out And bras are the worst things ever in hot weather And I can't go topless And I'm too cranky to care what my judgy mcjudgerson neighbour thinks
I can't
I dated a guy with it in the past but I don't think it's particularly attractive
I tell them they are too hard headed and are letting their emotions and stubbornness blind them
I've done his for shiggles. He's never done mine but it would be fun
2015 Nissan Versa Note I love it. Love love love it.
blue! Cobalt blue. 1-photos.ebizautos.com/new-2015-nissan-versa_note-5drhatchbackcvt16sv-8502-12837512-1-640.jpg I love it.
Why?
I'm not really ok with it, I nly because I think it's tacky as fuck and I would hope he had better taste and wasn't one of those douchebags who follow porn Instagram. Like really. You can do better.
He's a plain old regular feminist who doesn't think he needs to be labeled as a "male feminist"
100% and having the desire to do so should be a red flag that something is wrong in your relationship
Well he was my best friend when we started dating. I also have another best friend. It's perfect for me.
Yes, I think it's rude. It may not be crowded but you are still in public and sprawling out just isn't polite IMO
Depends on how many hot guys are around Day to day, it's usually rare that any of the men I see are attractive Some situations, it's almost constant
We are friends who fuck sometimes
I find them boring and I'm not interested in them
Have you always taken good care of it? Conditioned it, etc. through the growing out process? You can't repair hair that is already damaged.
You should give up on women So they don't have to be subject to your misogyny
As a short person, I'm very used to asking people for help I also offer to help them when needed I find life isn't as fun when you always look at the world as tit for tat and get bitter about helping someone else if they ask for it.
Jesus, starting wage for teachers where I am is double that
We don't live together but spend every night together except for when one of us is working out of town For a while it was once a week. It's gone up to a couple times a week. I have a high libido (daily) and he has a low one (weekly)
I like bath and body works
We talked and fought for a year. Eventually learned what he needed in order to not feel pressure and shame, and what I needed to feel loved and satisfied. And I learned to stop pushing and making it a big deal and he learned how to just go for it for my sake knowing that once we started, he would enjoy it.
It really really really sucks and is *such* a difficult issue to resolve. I still have some issues with our sex life that now I feel like I can't bring up because he is working on the frequency for me and I am so grateful for that.
Aside from participate in those things in a way people don't notice? Enable and support the men in their lives to have the time and ability to do those things
Definitely. It's all so glaringly obvious now
It just tells me we aren't really compatible and that I probably won't be into him as I'm not really into guys who game as a primary hobby. A couple hours a week? Whatever. Primary hobby? I'm out of there.
&gt;because I love drawing girls. and &gt;I favor drawing women over men. are why I always always say no. If you truly wanted to learn to draw people, you would draw all people, not just pretty girls.
How long have you been together/how old are you guys? That's awesome
Oh wow. How did it end up undoing that? Would you guys consider other permanent or semi permanent BC? That really really sucks
Next time she asks about your day, how your weekend was, whatever, work in the break up.
I flirt like crazy and then ask him out
She's such a danger to children because we all know hypocrites are basically murderers.
You just worded this in a really strange way that seems incredibly stupid to me. Like... being a hypocrite makes her a dangerous person who shouldn't be trusted around children? She is going to actively harm people because she made a mistake?
Oooookay? I didn't know you deleted it. When you ask a question, expect people to reply to you. Chill out, dude.
Try the search bar, this is asked like a billion times. My answer, as always, is "Fuck no leave me alone while I'm working out, I'm gross and sweaty, you are gross and sweaty, you know nothing about me, and now I feel like I have to switch gyms or come at a different time to avoid this awkward dude who hit on me and stares at me."
Why are you getting involved? Is it as a member of the queer community, or as an ally? Because that's where the difference is, and if you are an ally then you need to be really careful that you don't step on toes and come across as an opportunistic mansplainer.
