I'm not embarrassed.
yeah, if you remember some of the bigger moves of the twins (getting aaron boone for example), they either were terrible when they came to minnesota or they just didn't want to be in a "small ball" club
[Ram Rules](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-d-Hf5Zzn4)
&gt;Hadn't beaten a team with a winning record Well, now they have
My dad talks about how he was flying back to MN (from a business trip in NJ, somewhat ironically). He was in line to board when he first heard that the score was 7-0 (the game had obviously just started). When he reached his seat the score was 14-0. A couple minutes later, the attendant announced "Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to begin our safety instructions, but I would just like to update on the score of the Vikings-Giants game.... it is now 24-0 Giants." So he just kind of assumed it wasn't worth listening to or watching the rest. Also, this is much easier to talk about than our other recent NFCCGs...
It wasn't a blowout, but in 2012, the Vikings came off a 3-13 season, and they were 1-1. The team the beat (in OT) was JAX, and the team they lost to was the Colts (who were 2-14 the previous year). They were up against the 49ers who were 13-3 the previous year and just lost an NFCCG that they should have won against the Giants. The first quarter, CHRISTIAN PONDER (what?) throws a nice touchdown pass on an 80 yard drive to Kyle Rudolph. He then finishes an 84 yard drive in the second quarter with a ~25 yard run. The Vikings forced 3 TOs and blocked 2 punts, threw no interceptions, and only turned the ball over twice in pretty close to garbage time (by Toby Gerhart, and those were his first two fumbles in a really long time). It was the first time in 8 games (someone could check me on this, I don't know for sure if this is right, but it's something like this) that Alex Smith threw an interception, and the first time in 13 games that Frank Gore turned the ball over. tl;dr A 3-13 team quarterbacked by Christian Ponder beat a 13-3 team made of steel and amazing defense, and did it without any gimmicks.
Hey don't be mad. We had a game (not against the dolphins) where WE even had a walk-off safety. Not only that, but a walk-off safety in a game where we scored 0 touchdowns!
Random thing, but this last year was the first time the Vikings have been in the bottom half of the league in rush defense (which is still ok, they were 17th). But yeah, the Vikings have always had a very impressive rush defense, and I never realized how badly it sucks to have someone rush all over you until Lacey did it this year.
I love how well defined the NFC North lines are. Straight along the WI-MN and WI-IL borders are perfect. Also in that regard, AZ just takes up every county for itself and only itself. Pretty cool
I work at Valleyfair on the Ripcord. You guys should come visit me and say Skol, because 5 of the 11 people who work there are packer fans and it grosses me out a little.
This is really cool! Any chance for the superbowl matchup? (jk, that's pretty ridiculous...) Good work!
Maybe it's like highlighter syndrome? That would be the only reason. And if so, sorry for your coworker. But you said there weren't any marks on it? Whatever. But that sucks man. You clog it, you clean it, so sucks that you have to do it.
It's still up, but it was mine (not really official) Well, for me, I had a great night with /u/Twinsfan94 yesterday! Played some Splatoon, which is one of the best games I've played. And he drank a little (too much), and had to help him a little bit. Awesome dude though, and he was definitely fine when I left, so I hope your day's going better buddy (and I'll see you Sunday!)
The thing for me is that Hall of Fame should be based on Fame. Eli is famous and a huge part of NFL history for his wins against the Pats. He wasn't the absolute best, and is really a tier below most of the QBs in this era, but he is FAMOUS because of his 2 superbowls and how he got them, so I think he's in there
&gt;Not the Bruins This is fine
Shoot that's right. I forgot Joe is in the hall.
Well a lot of my friends are Blackhawks fans (that surprisingly aren't bandwagoners). I have zero friends that are Boston fans, and the only Boston fans I've met are dumb, arrogant, or both
Eagles: 9 Losses this year, including: *Cowboys at home *Redskins (Twice) *Dolphins at home *Lions 6 Wins, including: *Jets (@ Jets) *Patriots (@ NE) wut
Just doesn't make any sense. I feel like if The Eagles are supposed to win, they don't, and if they're supposed to lose, they win. So really, they should be 9-6 right now. What a strange team to root for. I'm sorry Eagles fans
Lesson here: Don't count the Redskins out of the playoffs already- &gt;Not spectacular QB named Patrick Haden &gt;Injured and replaced &gt;+14 pt differential on the year &gt;Goes to Superbowl Never say never folks
I suppose. Are you referencing when we gave the Panthers their only win of the season and almost gave the Lions their only win of the season until they won week 17?
Hey I haven't met you yet!
We like you guys too. I mean, the main highlights guy in /r/nfl is a Bears fan, plus all the Bears fans I know IRL are super cool. I'm fine with anyone taking the division as long as it's not the Packers!
lol
Wait wouldn't it be Teddy Bridgeice? Also, sounds like unsafe driving conditions if you're facing a drive with Teddy Bridgeice
Congrats?
Hey Section 215 is where I am! 200s represent!
This is truly one of them. Anyone have the stat for the second fewest WR TDs on a whole team in one season?
Against Vontaze, Frostee, and Leger... geez that's a starting DE rotation in terms of names!
Commenting on the very small percentage off-chance that this is the legitimate Blair Walsh
&gt; He makes the kick, what do we say? That he bailed us out that game? Uh. You need to not be overly drunk for a minute, and realize that yes, we do. If he makes all 4, we are praising him for putting all of our points on the board, and rightfully so. The way my friends and I analyzed it, every component did very well barring one play: Offense: Didn't do bad, even drove the ball down the field on the final drive. But 28 fumbled the ball. Gave Seattle 3 points. Defense: Did spectacular today! Except for one play. Bad snap was a 20 yard loss. Instead, was completed, led to a TD. Special teams: I guess I wouldn't say great, but mostly because Jeff Locke had a rough day. Few bad punts, but nothing to get angry about. One bad play was, obviously, Walsh missing his kick. There's no reason to put none of this loss on Walsh, but there's no reason to put 100% of this on Blair either.
Well, you're sure right that this is unpopular (at least for one side of the St. Croix), but what kind of scares me is that it could be true. Think about 2010. We came off a fantastic year, 12-4, destroyed a highly rated Dallas team, lost to the Super Bowl champs by an OT field goal that sparked a rule change. Next year? 6-10. Yeah, this is unpopular, and with Zimmer I think it is a much different tale than with Chili. I mean, we were calling for Childress's head during the 12-4 run. But if it doesn't work, this may turn out exactly the same: Next year we fall in several close games, year after we try to reach to make something happen and lose 10+, followed by a miraculous playoff run. It's pretty cyclical at this point. Minus the fact that our QB is young. Which is also why I would disagree. But yeah in terms of unpopular this one wins edit: changed "is" to "could be." I'm not that much of a downer
I can't either, but that's because we never had a basketball team.
100% worth the "continue this thread" click
at home
Welp, good game everybody. [Screenshot for when it gets fixed](http://i.imgur.com/6yx7I6f.png)
[LARRY FOR PRESIDENT](http://i.imgur.com/y6UF9z8.jpg)
As stated before [Larry for president!](http://i.imgur.com/y6UF9z8.jpg)
[Me coming back to this thread](http://i.imgur.com/Xw22ahs.gif?noredirect)
I think it's safe to say Christian Ponder is an all time great
I'm fine with these other big hits that destroyed someone's career. The Lawrence Taylor hit on Joe Theismann, yeah it was rough to watch (and hear), but it was part of the play. This is why late hits are a thing. This shouldn't happen. What a scumbag. FTP(...ackers's player who did this not their entire organization)
Did he spike that ball into his helmet?
His post game interview about it was hilarious. It was something like "I saw a purple shirt behind me, so i hoped he could catch"
SO COME AHHHHHAHHHHAHHHHUNNNNNNN
"Well ya see here Mike, /u/InferiousX is just an all around great redditor. He's been in this league for 4 years workin his tail off without any credit, and he makes one fantastic comment and we're all blown away. But really, Mike, this kid's been good since his first post in the sub. Be surprised if he doesn't make the /r/nfl Pro bowl this year." "Jon I don't think /r/nfl has a pro bowl" "Well I'll have to make one Mike, and /u/InferiousX is gonna be the top of my draft list... If we're doin that type a thing again this year."
I'll do it if it's not too late. But it looks like it's too late. Can there be another one?
Whoops. Gotcha
&gt;Chargers &gt;Defense I think I see a flaw in your response
I remember watching this play since it was before they had lost a regular season game yet, and I thought "Man, if they win this, it's pretty obvious why. Holy cow"
Thanks for reminding us Aaron.
Yeah if these are 2 players in the draft, they'd go 1 and 2 almost surely.
You lookin for [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlMpOCpkUog&amp;feature=youtu.be)?
When I go to Culver's (which is a frequent stop for me, in two different locations), I get a butterburger with cheese kids meal. Last year, over the summer, I went to one Culver's about 40 times, and every team member who worked there had taken my order at least once. I know a couple by name. They were awesome. Plus I worked the local amusement park which got a discount there, so I got 10% off to start and every 10 meals I got another free meal. I got 8 free meals out of the 40 meals I paid for.
The best part of this was that it was updated from a post a week earlier that was "Saints awarded first-round bye" Then they changed it. Glorious.
The Superbowl was pretty good for Aaron, but that Atlanta game was absolutely stellar. That Atlanta team won 13 games. Their losses were to Pittsburgh, the other super bowl team, in OT, a 2 TD loss in Philly, and to the former SB champion Saints by a field goal. Then they get BTFO @ home by GB, pretty much due to Rodgers. That game was crazy for him
Sorry dude. It sucks.
You know that game would just go to OT and have missed FG after missed FG, right?
Confirmed would happen
At least we wouldn't have lost!
King Me.
I can refer you to Valleyfair, and both you and I get $100 for you coming from my referral. If you dig that.
Or [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSbBvKaM6sk) after each touchdown that Teddy throws (I'll guess 4)
I mean, not without that attitude either. But definitely not with it.
Fairly sure you just called half of Minnesota insane. lol
Honestly, I had to take a couple layers off during that game because we were wrapped up like we were gonna be camping in subzero for 3 days and I was sweating by the second quarter
If our QB throws 9 interceptions all year every year, I don't care if they're all his fault or not.
Where would the scenario occur that both teams go for a 2 pointer though? Maybe the Steelers now that they go for it every time, they make 2 and miss 1, other team tries to keep up edit: Found this interesting too: of the 5 new scores this year, 2 of them were with the Steelers and 2 were with the 49ers. I guess the Steelers was relatively predictable? IDK
I bet this has happened but it was stopped ever tim.
After the Bears losing to the Redskins earlier that year and the Redskins GM calling the Bears a bunch of babies. lololol I bet the tears tasted sweeeeeeet
That's true, the ground was really cold, but we had cardboard and we brought old rugs to sit on instead of the metal benches. It was delightful
ATL- Wins: TB (home), NO X2, GB, CAR (home), PHI, LA, SF Losses: DEN, SEA, SD, OAK, TB (away), ARI, KC, CAR (away) Atlanta is going to vastly improve on defense this year due to their coaching changes, but their offense is going to suffer (I believe, it's an opinion thing). They're going to have success against teams with good offenses, and as always, have success at home, but it'll lead to another relatively average year for the Falcons. Sorry guys, I love ya, but it's gonna be another blue-ballin' year. A couple sporadic wins though, and I would not be surprised to see y'all in the playoffs. Final record: 8-8 (5-3 home, 3-5 away) ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- TB- Wins: LA, DEN, SF, OAK, ATL (home), CHI, SD, NO (home), CAR (home) Losses: ATL (away), ARI, CAR (away), KC, SEA, DAL, NO (away) Opposite of what I think for Atlanta, the Bucs will vastly improve their offense this year while their defense stays the same, and maybe even regresses a little. TB is a team on the rise, with a good young QB who's actually pretty good at leading a team, and I'd be pretty surprised if TB is less than .500 this year for sure. Also, maybe you're wondering why I picked TB to beat Carolina at home? Well, maybe not, but either way, just remember that that's [this](http://bleacherreport.com/articles/694994-carolina-panther-cam-newton-is-the-worst-nfl-draft-pick-ever) game. I'm excited. And hey, if you guys pull off a couple of close games, maybe we'll have an NFC Central rematch in the playoffs! You know, for old times' sake. Final Record: 9-7 (7-1 home, 2-6 away) ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- LA- Wins: SEA (home), ARI (away), BUF, NYJ, SF (home) Losses: SF (away), TB, DET, NYG, CAR, MIA, NO, NE, ATL, SEA (away), ARI (home) ~~St Louis~~ RIP. Los Angeles is going to be interesting, and I can't even predict how they're going to do based on home field advantage, because I have no clue as to what theirs is. (For the record, I know the other teams', because I spent about 3 whole days during Thanksgiving break finding out how much better teams do at home than on the road. If you want to see it I have it still.) This will be their first year in a stadium I don't even know the name of (coliseum?), so I don't know if they'll be great or terrible. Either way, I'm gonna predict their games like every other year: Exactly what you wouldn't expect them to do. There won't be a major improvement to offense, as rookies will need to take a year, as I'd expect with Goff, but defense will--- you know what, defense is gonna stay stagnant too. Dammit. Come on Rams, do something different for a change. Move to a new city or something. Final Record: 5-11 (3-5 home, 2-6 away) edit: formatting
Where are the Packers' 5 losses?
luv u bby
The NFL is a strange sport
Dat 16-0 season tho.
Correct. But I mean that happened on like 25% of our pass plays last season too.
Searched for this. I'm glad it was said. I was thinking while that game was happening, "This is so good, don't even care if we lose" It was just so entertaining.
AFCE: Bills AFCN: Bengals AFCS: Jaguars AFCW: Chiefs NFCE: Redskins NFCN: Lions NFCS: Panthers NFCW: Cardinals And before you cry bandwagon for the NFC, I was a big fan of Cards/Panthers back in like 2008. Even through the garbage years. Still was a fan then.
As the one flow chart said, &gt;I long for the good ol' days when our losses really meant something---&gt;Vikings &gt;Our losses were never really that important---&gt;Lions
3 TDs on 3 catches? Ahh, good memories
Wait, do you live on Earth too?
He seemed to get his acting a lot better in the H.M. The "I've been to New Orleans" line. That was pretty good.
&gt;Tough Question [mfw](https://storage.googleapis.com/imgfave/image_cache/137065713617428_animate.gif)
Theyre protesting the dakota pipeline i think
Ope, looks like they're packing up shop. There are now some policemen and folks with hard hats and climbing gear above them. Edit: jk theyve been above them the whole quarter now but it looks like theyre just gonna wait for the end of the game
Hmm, tempting... how bout instead i change the structure of every orifice in your face!
Top comment &gt; Thank you for leaving Damn Twitter never stops
LOS ANGELES WHY WONT YOU SAVE ME
:)
Buy more merchandise in the back!
Maybe even a professional team! What if they were in Los Angeles too!
This guy gets it!
Yeah i i thought about #2 when it happened; it was a clear obstruction of the rule. If it happened the other way (batted it backward to have a better chance of recovering the ball), i could see it, but this was a blatant breaking of the rule
Goodness, his fight with Bolduc was amazing. One of the best moments watching Wild Hockey for me
Damn the Kirk one is beautiful
That seemed like a good idea but it just crashed and burned geez
Did she agree to another date?
Although suburbia in MN goes for a 40 mile radius around Minneapolis/St Paul in every direction
That's insane. Maybe I should rent out the basement to some fans (MG)
not worth
&gt;Watch the Packers make it That's bad enough
I do like this thread But i don't quite get haikus Because i dont understand syllables
Oh absolutely. I just wanna see the "and they have casilla or punto to pinch r..." then silence for a jog around the bases, followed by the replay, and then "...And we'll be back!" I just want to watch it so much
I love the "4... is that to be your last question? Somebody give me a better question than that!" &lt;4
Adjourning my slumber I lumbered from bed "I hope no one's up for there's ache in my head," "Good morning!" i heard from my mother instead "Good morning," i mumbled "i wish you were dead" Well i tried
Seeing an incomplete pass or TFL would be interesting, and they don't have that, but they do mention that ~70% of all 4-down series end up with either a 1st down or a TD (meaning they cannot convert 30% of the time).
Because i dont know people around me and i dont have a s/o I know lots of people, but they're all in mn (9hrs away), where school was (2 hrs away), or work (hr away), so im spending the next few weeks until i get to know people either doing laundry or sleeping. I love texting people and catching up, but i dont know who to do it with since it seems very weird to do out of the blue
What if deja vus are actually cause we remember them from our actual lives?
2042 Headline: IS TERENCE NEWMAN SLIPPING also in this issue: get your tix for Super Bowl LXXVII between the Jets and star QB Tom Brady Jr and the Ferocious Lions Defense led by Brent Urlacher
I can't think of a reason why I should be surprised
I WOULD VOTE FOR TOP THE TATER
Woah ho ho, my friends are getting mardied in texas in like 41 days, and theyre both from mn. Weird
This is how i remember the mid 2000's games going. Decent offense, defense was pretty good (dat line do) with a couple turnovers, then in the late game ap and the oline just take over and once a handoff is well faked its an easy td. Good times
The Packers will surprisingly fall. (I can hope). We saw the beginning of the dismay that can happen 2 seasons ago, and I think their window is very quickly closing. Expect a shoulder injury to A-a-ron by week 8 of this year, and he won't play the same way, though still very well. (I'm not saying to any NFL D-Linemen go for this, but I think it's very likely to happen)
Any Lions fan who was 5 years old or older in 2008 is automatically exempt from the bandwagon card at any point until death
Wait, you were a terrible person so you decided to go for the Raiders, or you were a terrible person while a fan of KC so you switched to the Raiders?
I agree with half of your statement
To be fair, it was a really impressive interception
Going to watch the vikes in atlanta? (I mean after youve moved)
Dude that's exciting, hope it works out! Unfortunately i dont have any ny videography friends, but i do have some ny friendos, so ill keep an eye out
Hey,i might be going to the steelers game too! (Closest i can get to indianapolis). Might see ya there!
The best thing of outdoor football was that in the cold, everyone there wanted to be there. You dont bring babies or 10 yr olds who dont care about the game when its -6 outside, only fans who want to watch their team win (and be loud while doing so).
Same. In a blair walsh jersey.
Royal hits it deep But its caught in far left field! 2 down in the 3rd. Pitch: 942 diff: 225 result: FO Runner on 1st 2 out
[McBaeballface](/u/icanhasadhd) steps; Can he keep his hot streak up? We'll see with this pitch!
The ump's called strike 3. After the catcher's return, Mcbaseballface swings It is still a K Watching every pitch go by, Mcbaseballface sighs Pitch: 829 diff: 274 result: K End of 3rd
On a 2-2 count, Bargeparge throws a hard slider Juuuuust catches the plate! Pitch: 444 diff: 317 result: K Bases empty, 1 out
[Power](/u/TwinkiePower) to the plate- His team needs him to provide The delivery...
[Marnette](/u/jmarnette) readies up. With a man at 2nd base, Can he drive him in?
Marnette watches 3 On 1-2 he hacks at one Misses it- strike 3! Pitch: 4 diff: 299 result: K Runner on 2nd, 2 outs
Power's 2 away; Can [Mackenzie](/u/close_) hit him home? We'll see with this pitch!
Mackenzie hits it- Oh my, that's back, deep to right!! Diving catch- big play! Pitch: 866 diff: 253 result: FO Mid 4th
Baret seems drunk at the plate, as he stumbles to the right-hand batter's box Unfortunately, 3 pitches have been thrown down the middle before he even stepped in teh box, and it's a looking K for Baret. Runner on 1st, 1 out
Bottom of the 4th [Guthrie](/u/vinmaskinen) with a chance to hit Can he make Burr pay?
Guthrie grounds to right Bobman makes the routine play 1 down in the 4th! Pitch: 546 diff: 419 result: RGO Bases Empty, 1 out
I think they're all exactly right except for the 5th seeds being wrong, the Panthers being 5th not 6th, and the bye teams being switched. That is remarkable
After yesterday, is this true in Baltimore?
On a 1-0 count Bradford slaps one into right 1 on for the Sox! Pitch: 711 diff: 58 result: 1B Runner on first, 1 out
I accidentally said Beezle got it. Then edited to make me look right when I was not. I apologize to Boston and their fanbase, as such a heinous act should not be tolerated
With a runner on, [Al-Halliday](/u/Plaxus) will now try For a Red Sox lead!
[McCluster](/u/vigintiunus) steps up to the plate. Neither team has had a lot of offense, and McCluster hopes to change that. The pitch is in
Woah 5 from Indiana seems odd. What's with that?
Ripken Smokes the ball into left, down for a hit! Bradford rounds, but stays Pitch: 497 diff: 53 result: 1B Runners on 1st and 2nd, 1 out
Mylo reassures the Twins' manager that the league has discussed, and will review the consequences of his umping error prior to the next game ending. No additional outs or at-bats will be assigned in place of Shackleford's missed at bat
After a great start, Dickshot comes to relieve Burr Can he keep the pace? [Hunt](/u/-AnthonyAmadio) is in the box after finding he's been dropped, can he still provide? The pitch is in
*Impossible*
If they had a separate category for QBOTY, he'd have a very good shot. MVP in its namesake is the most valuable though, and even being the most valuable on the defense is tough to replace a QB who is clearly the most important player on an offense
I want to play Los Angeles next, for 2 reasons. First I think we match up best against Los Angeles. We're a lot better defensively, and offensively, though we lag behind a little, it's not as big of a gap as our defense to their defense. Second, I want New Orleans at home for the NFCCG. I want a rematch of '09 without the close game aspect. Let's bring New Orleans to MN and win 31-10. I think we can, and we should.
Jimmy still looks the best
Mike Hunt gives a swing, but completely misses the pitch. He falls down with a cramp in his right calf, and it seems that it's from dehydration, as he's been down for a couple minutes. Lindros comes on the field to help him off, and the Boston crowd is cheering for Hunt and his 0 for 1 debut. They appear to wish him the best, as they know this last at-bat in a Boston uniform ends quite unfortunately for him. In his place, [Ovaltine Jenkins](/u/mrman5426) will bat, and can respond here with his swing. The count is 0-1, but that doesn't really matter aside from story-purposes
I can see that. Though I think Case Keenum is the best-looking QB in the league
AHHHH Waht wahth thith thuppothed to accomplith?!?
Thkol!
*Shudders*
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to hit bombs, but he keeps on forgetting how the zone's plowed, the whole crowd goes so loud he opens his stance but the bat don't come 'round He's focused now, everybody's focused now the clocks shown out- 95 miles per hour Snap back to fake-ality Ope there goes Halliday Nope, he won't nab third he know the pitch's fast when it's thrown he wants to steal but nope He won't set up for home He's got 2 bags to go but it don't matter to O- valtine, batter he knows he's so stacked but Mylo has called batter out; groans from the crowd, a sin back to the dugout again, yo Let's hope Mylo can remember this time Rusty's got an at-bat here! Pitch: 215 diff: 297 result: K runners on first and second, 2 outs
You're new here, aren't you?
[Mike Cal](/u/mcal24) leads the 5th Mylo checks his lineup card *fairly sure that's right* The Pitch is in!
Cal bloops one to right; Bradford dives, but smothers it. That's a leadoff hit! Pitch: 738 diff: 114 result: 1B Runner on 1st, no outs
[Bobman](/u/Darkbobman1) up to bat; Without a hit on the year, Can he get one here?
I'm ready for crushing disappointment, but you're right, until I'm crushingly disappointed, BARRROOOOOOOOOO
Bobman lines to left- Bradford... caught! Flashing the glove! Cal retreats to first Pitch: 555 diff: 265 result: FO Runner on first, 1 out
I just think people have a harder time believing me because my flair. i think Smith is DPOY at worst. His pro bowl snub is surely a meme, but with good reason
/s ruins jokes
DAMMIT this is like my 5th time doing that this game.
[Reference](/u/ObsRefGames) is up; Hasn't had a hit today Maybe this will change?
Daz, on 3-0 coach seems to give a green light Swings, and deep to right... Bounces, and it's fair Oh it's over the wall, no! Would have scored a run! Pitch: 93 diff: 35 result: 2B Runners on 2nd and 3rd, 1 out
Red Sox make a call Looks like they're waving to right; [Corey](/u/power448) runs on in!
Cast my organs out to sea Im literally only saying the results from now on with no commentary fml
[Hanky](/u/TCHankies) is up
[Boston Pitcher] escapes the jam Pitch: 969 diff: 259 result: K Mid 5th
this is the best sub on reddit please @ me i will defend it with more than enough posts even though this one is enough by itself
[Beezle](/u/B0ndzai) is up to start the bottom of the 5th
HE GOT BOTH BACK PAWS IN BOUNDS AND YOU KNOW IT
[Macguffin](/u/doctorjesusjr) is up. The pitch is in
This is up there with the Chiefs' 0 WR receiving TDs in 2014. How do you avoid that?
YOU SEE THE SNOW, YOU SHOVEL MO'
Did you also know he went to school at $500 state for a scholarship of Mankato?
[Royal](/u/shockerSeahawkroyal) is up. The pitch is in
Pitch: 901 diff: 345 result: K End 5th
V-I-K-I-N-G-S
ALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHT
*Philadelphia would like to inquire on your availability next season*
That offensive scheme left them in good shape, though
C
I'd like everyone to rank the playoff teams in terms of how excited they'd be to win the Super Bowl this year. I'll start 1. Bills - Between them and MN, they're about the same, but the Bills magic to get to the playoffs overshadows MN's dominant route there. Erase the 0-4. 2. Vikings - explained above, slightly below Bills 3. Eagles - To win a superbowl in a city where you get booed after halftime in a game where you win, IDK. I don't know many Philly fans who are rational, but I know they are all passionate, and after the torment of recent years, I'm fairly certain a Philly SB would be received quite well. 4. Jaguars - for all the /r/nfl doubters, and also to get the "Jaguars have never even been to the super bowl" trivia off the back. Also on a somewhat personal opinion, Khan deserves a super bowl, as he's treated the city of Jacksonville wonderfully 5. Falcons - To be ousted in the super bowl after the lost lead and come back and win the next year as a 6 seed would be remarkable. 6. Panthers - similar to Falcons, not a lost lead, but a big win after the SB loss + hangover. 7. Titans - First one in franchise history, led by the Nashville savior and a wonderful man, the flyin' Hawaiian himself. 8. Chiefs - The loudest fans in the NFL have been desiring a SB for 48 years now, and they'd be quite excited to get one, though I think the season had by the Chiefs made them a bit weary 9. Saints - Personally, I don't like Sean Payton, but I think Drew Brees is a wonderful human, as I'm sure 99% of the population of New Orleans does too. They'd be very excited to get him another ring, since he's been better than an amazing QB and only had 7-9 records to show it. 10. Rams - I put the Rams low on this list because of the recent move, but for those who were Rams fans through the move and those who want the Rams to win but not for Stan Kroenke, a SB win would be remarkable. 11. Steelers - They'd love it, but come on, they have a song about going to the Super Bowl. They've been there before and I think that lowers your personal value of it. 12. Patriots - Same as above, but I mean even moreso- They won last year. They've won 5 in the last 20 years, and I think the value of a superbowl has been severely deflated in New England
[Banaco](/u/Jaco927) leads off Oh my god are Haikus back? No, they aren't The pitch is in
R
N
C
Larry "I'm only half a national but I'm 100% man" Wayne
D
I
Wonderful is not Quite how I would describe them but to each their own Jaco hits it high Not deep though; just short infield Beezle makes the catch Pitch: 450 diff: 323 result: PO Bases empty, 1 out
I'd argue that the TB touchdowns weren't garbage time when they were scored. But even so, that's an amazing stat. The last non-garbage time TD not scored by the Vikings at US Bank was probably scored by a high school team, but if we're only including NFL teams it was the Rams
It's hit deep to left! Macguffin is chasing it... Catches on the run! Pitch: 164 diff: 187 result: FO Bases empty, 2 outs
*Let's* get a first down? You'll hear us *cheer* for more? Gross
Depending on what generation of Vikings you grew up with, that's understandable
[Jack Marnette](/u/jmarnette) is up Unless he scores the Twins can't win this game in 6!
Marnette has 2 strikes He gets jammed and pokes to right... That's down for a hit! Pitch: 17 diff: 61 result: 1B Runner on 1st, 2 outs
With Marnette at first, can [Mackenzie](/u/close_) drive him in? Pitch is on its way!
On an 0-1 count Mackenzie hits it to right! At the warning track... Caught by Basebally! Oh my goodness what a play! Red Sox up to bat! Pitch: 723 diff: 227 result: FO Mid 6th
[Basebally](/u/icanhasadhd) steps in If the Sox win, it must be by a walk-off hit. The next pitch is in Can the Red Sox get the first win of their franchise?
I mean to be fair, the Pacers were kind of shit with Oladipo They weren't completely though, so BLESS THE KNEES
I was telling everyone to do the silent wave. I thought that would be really cool to have everyone still waving but no one making sound if we were on offense
Are we doing a playoff fantasy thing? I was doing so well, but Watson went out. I want my revenge! Glad the Panthers are doing well, and man, the whole NFCS corner became the real deal this year!
The count's 2-2 Breaking ball over the edge But Basebally holds. "That was strike three, ump!" But Mylo stands and calls "Ball!" 3 and 2, the count On the payoff pitch, McBaseballface takes a hack *Crack* into deep right... Off the wall! And chased by Marnette and Reference thrown and then cutoff! Basebally is caught in a big pickle between 3rd and 2nd base! Throws and throws and throws eventually he returns and takes a double! Pitch: 472 diff: 27 result: 2B Runner on 2nd, no outs
Log to reddit and when in sub and when they say Vikes get the dub It is yes cool I wud say sik Mostly becus I liac the Vik
I mean, I'm not Keebler
No, just the 2
I'm glad he got a perfect 0-16 in Cleveland. The city doesn't deserve it, but he sure does. Gregg Williams suuUUUCKS!
This made it to r/all? no way
I immediately thought of the Cowboys when I read the question, and I wasn't even born then. Granted, the Vikings were somewhat a part of that rebuild
I'm not sure for the NFL, but all time it's Survive and Advance (North Carolina State's NCAA run). I've watched all other 30 for 30's at most once. I've watched that one at least 4 times edit: south is north at the south pole
Thank you, fixed
I meant the Jersey Devils. The Devils are pretty sp00py this year though. 3rd in the East!
confirmed
Should be on the Season 2 link in the sidebar, all FA should be on the Free Agents tab
ya know, for just straight up being the logo mirrored and merged together, this looks surprisingly like a human face
pls
shit post more!
Well done, I can feel he's about ready to raze my village
Ah, the ol' knee-a-roo!
I'm very impressed. I liac!
I guess the knee-bot was the one doing the rooing. And it wasn't really rooing. Whatever
THERE BETTER BE CHEESE CURDS
Dibs bass or piano, I like men too
Lehner the ancient mariner; he stoppeth 1 of 3!
TIME! Pinch hitter's up! Guthrie was somehow not found! [Peppers](/u/bacon__sandwich) in his place
Right.
Out of the dugout Charlie scott points to first base Free pass for [Bradford](/u/BrandonRK) Runners on 1st and 3rd, 1 out
Why is scott still there? [Halliday](/u/Plaxus) gets a pass too? Bases are loaded! Bases loaded, 1 out
Oh how ironic; Skipped once this game due to me And my errant ways Now he gets the chance Of a lifetime; bases juiced Bottom 6th, 2 outs. [Shackleford](/u/BruceHopper) pauses; Readjusts his batting gloves; Ready for the pitch!
[Cal](/u/mcal24) leads off extras; Hoping to lead with a hit- And here comes the pitch! Edit: Quick, to add: Mackenzie takes 2nd base As we're in extras
'Fore the Pitch is thrown, Lindros makes a change in Left- Fernandez debut! For those wondering; This has no effect until He is up to bat
~~Corey's throwing heat,~~ ~~So Mike Cal lays down a bunt~~ ~~What? outta nowhere!~~ ~~Royal's caught sleeping~~ ~~Corey can't get it in time,~~ ~~That's a bunt base hit!~~ Ha, bamboozling! I forgot we're in extras and bunt differences Mackenzie to 3rd, Cal is thrown out at first base Man at 3rd, 1 out Pitch: 752 diff: 58 result: Sac bunt Runner on third, 1 out
[Panik](/u/jp1704) will pinch hit And take over for Bobman Will he swing to win? However the Sox decide they should walk JP It's a game of chess! IBB Runners at the corners, 1 out
Hey I flew in from Indy yesterday! We're all returning home!
Bless the Clearwater Petro, man
Agreed. 10 F with 20 mph wind is infinitely worse than -5 with no wind
[Reference](/u/obsrefgames) is up; Every swing means so much more This late in the game!
I appreciate Your haiku response to join In this escapade! On a 2-1 count Daz hits to center, it's back... At the warning track... Falls short of the wall! He's still happy though; that scores Mackenzie from 3rd! Pitch: 212 diff: 252 result: FO runner on 1st, 2 outs, Twins lead 2-1
Wheeler pops it up, It is high, but not quite deep... Caught in short center! Pitch: 575 diff: 191 result: FO 7th inning stretch!
Rusty takes 2nd As [Beezle](/u/B0ndzai) steps to leadoff In the bottom frame
I am in pain
Beetle chops it left- Scooped by short and thrown to 1st. Runner stays at 2 Pitch: 354 diff: 463 result: LGO runner on 2nd, 1 out
There is a high chance That this at bat ends the game- ...But which team will win? [Royal](/u/shockerseahawkroyal) to the plate With an opportunity The next pitch is in
Pls
On a 2-2 count- Royal returns to sender- Over Nuckoll's head! That is a base hit! Rusty sprints around 3rd base... It is a tie game! Pitch: 666 diff: 98 result: 1B Runner on first, 2 outs
McBaseballface waits... He knows the knuckler's coming Game. Pitch: 13 diff: 1 result: 2-run walkoff HR End game
I didnt know but i wanted to make sure it all added up for now
A big thanks is owed to you, jayy. I dont know if you'll return as commish in the future or even as a manager come end of the year, and i know you've had ups and downs, but you started a pretty amazing thing here, and you're #1 to thank for that. So thank you
Never thought r/minnesotavikings would birth a meme but here we are
This makes me sad, I know it helps our chances to win, but I'd prefer to beat the Saints at 100%. We won't be at 100% either, but I still want to see both teams at their best, ya know?
Look i understand the next man up, and i dont think we should play soft or anything like that. I know they probably dont want dalvin cook or bradford in this game (im not really sure id want bradford in this game tbh), but i dont think we even need them to win on sunday, even if the saints were 100% Let them be ok with rooting for injured players (i know several saints fans dont, but that doesnt cover all), but i want both teams to be 100%. If someone doesnt want both teams to play their best, i'm a little worried. I do understand these things happen, and they are a part of the game. But i would rather beat the drew brees-led saints than the chase daniel-led saints to move to the nfccg
I agree; fuck the saints But are you saying you hope we injure them?
Of course. And we'll have backups that they'll try to take advantage of too. But let's just win either way :)
Exactly. I dont want players injured, but it is the game. Its just rough when theyve made it so far in the season and have done well, and now are out
Isnt that rooting for the same things that some saints fans were in '09? I dont want to sound like some popmpous prick, but that sounds like youre stooping to a low level
I've been, ya know, thpeaking to him sthrough my thoughth, and he just thaid, ya know, man, Fuck the Thaints, man
I think (definitely not because of my flair) that we win, solely due to the type of game it will be. The saints have been in lots of high scoring games this year, we havent. If it ends up being a barn burner, i dont think we're experienced enough to handle it, but if it's low scoring, we've had more experience in those types of games
Agreed, except don't get them at Matt's. Get them at 5-8
Oh 100% We're not playing soft by any means, and if we are we arent playong right
Idk man, ive been there twice and both times combined got less cheese than a normal cheeseburger
I mean technically that is an objectively correct statement. But the greater amount of juicy made a better lucy to me
I would say it depends on the 5-8. Some are garbage. Others are amazing
woah there
Yes! In fact, the team who scroed 30+ each time only won 1 game! In 2004, the Vikings played the Packers 3 times (for playoff appearance, see: disgusting act) In all 3 games, the Vikings scored 31 points. In the first 2, Green Bay scored 34, but in the playoffs it was cut in half to 17. So 34-31 L, 34-31 L, 17-31 W.
Glad you tagged him, now he'll know!
Thank you for subscribing to VikingFacts! Your VikingFact of the day: 2 years ago today, former Vikings^^^tm kicker Blair Walsh missed a 27-yard field goal to eliminate the Vikings from superbowl contention and move the Seattle Seahawks ^^^tm to the next round. After Blair Walsh was released, he signed with the Seattle Seahawks and proceeded to lose 2.5 games, by missing 3 field goals in a 3 point loss to the Washington Redskins, a game tying field goal against the Atlanta Falcons ^^^tm , and a game winning field goal against the Arizona Cardinals ^^^tm , eliminating the Seahawks from playoff contention as well! *to end your subscription to VikingsFacts, respond: CASEKEENUMBIGBALLS*
F
Has a team ever done that? I can't imagine
yoooo where at?
Aaaa men
Goodbye
Hey! Thanks for holding up on this, it's really awesome to see one call themself out for a lost bet. So, I actually made this bet in an attempt to get an Adam Thielen Jersey, but it turns out my brother got me one for Christmas, so I don't really have a need for a jersey now! Instead, I'll force a little work on you; find a charity to donate to, and we can both donate a jersey's worth of funds to it instead. I don't have a need for another jersey in my closet, and someone else needs the money more than I (and, possibly we) do!
Green Bay *almost* has you covered!
I think you misread his comment. He asked if there had been a case where a team scored 30+ and didnt win every game, and yes, that is the case in this scenario
That's awesome! Thanks for donating dude. It means a lot
This seems really pedantic but I'm bored! So let's ask him! /u/nanojack wassup man!
We really activated him so he could play special teams
&gt;Vikings fan here &gt;rastapasta i sure hope so otherwise you've been deking for years
It's a beautiful day here in Fake Houston! Luckily, I've been in this park before and know my way around the ropes and how the locker rooms work here. Today we have a brutal matchup between 2 so far stellar teams in the AL, the Devil Rays and the Astros. Who will end up 3-1? Who will fall to .500? Find out, as game time, starts... [now!](https://youtu.be/iFMbLHf0ZuA?t=4s)
The crowd is roaring here in Houston, as Con Copper makes his way to the mound. Fans settle in their seats, peanuts, drinks, and gloves in hand. Today is a big game, and the fans here know it, as they are loud! [Anatoli Smorin](/u/therealliebz) steps near the box, as the ump and catcher settle in to their places trailing home plate. Anatoli readies and tightens the glove strap encompassing his left wrist. A few half swings are swung, and we're ready. Mylo points to Copper... **PLAY BALL!!!** The pitch is in
my favorite thing about Pie was when he gave up 5 runs in the first inning he pitched &lt;3
Smorin waits for the pitch for quite a while, after getting a 3-2 count without swinging the bat. The next pitch is a fastball swung at a little late, and grounded right to 1st for the first out of the game. Pitch: 500 diff: 397 result: RGO bases empty, 1 out
[Robin Reynolds](/u/Kekar29) now steps to the plate, with 1 out already on the board. Can another long at-bat be drawn? The pitch is in
Reynolds decides to swing on the first pitch, but it doesnt work out so well. It's a ground ball to the 3rd baseman, and that's another out for copper Pitch: 343 diff: 493 result: LGO Bases empty, 2 outs
Uh oh. In his debut for the Devil Rays, early MVP candidate [Basebally McBaseballface](/u/icanhasadhd) steps to the plate. Questions loom: Can he continue his statistically near-impossible start to the season? Will the Devil Rays help or hurt his chance at getting to the playoffs? Can he say anything other than the word baseball? The pitch is in
Carp waits on 5 pitches, without finding one to hit. It's 3-2, and he fouls one off straight back! The payoff again- another foul! The payoff again... and he holds... just outside! It's a walk for Carp, and the Devil Rays have something going here in the 1st! Pitch: 711 diff: 127 result: BB Runners in 1st and 2nd, 2 outs
[Peter Peckershine](/u/mobbin) slowly drags himself to the plate. Big chance here in the first... The pitch is in
Peter pecker pokes a pitch and pounces on the scoreboard! Baesbally comes around to score, and the Devil Rays have opened the scoring in the first! Pitch: 909 diff: 59 result: 1B Runner scores from 2nd, Runners on 1st and 3rd, 2 outs
[Isaac Saffron](/u/izsaf) is now up, with a big chance in the top of thr 1st, and with a lead already established by the Devil Rays! The pitch is in
On a 2-2 count, saffron sees his pitch coming. He knows a fastball high and in is ready to be thrown, but when it is thrown, he's frozen, and watches strike 3 go by! Pitch: 846 diff: 363 result: K End 1st
[Jasper Orbit](/u/astrosnation) steps up with his team already down, hoping to steal the lead back! The pitch is in
Jasper swings then waits. 1-1, he swings again, strike 2. He waits on the next one, butnit isnt a ball this time, and earns himself a strikeout. Pitch: 742 diff: 292 result: K Bases empty, 1 out
[Bongiovanni](/u/thirdandwitten) to the plate. That fastball looked pretty hittable last at bat... can he take advamtage? The pitch is in
Witten swings at the first pitch, but expected a changeup. The heater gets him swinging late and dribbling to first, and gets the 2nd out of the inning! Pitch: 396 diff: 364 result: RGO Bases empty, 2 outs
[Halliday](/u/c4d3nza) now steps up to the plate with 2 outs. Tampa Bay had all their first inning production with 2 outs, and she hopes she can help make the same thing happen for Houston! The pitch is in
I think it's supposed to be like 15 out though, so a mile in that wouldn't be bad at all
*barfs*
I mixed a gallon of purple kool aid. Hype Like for real kool aid. In addition to the oceans ive been drinking to now
Dies this tellnof pittsburgh's bad defense or buffalo's pretty good defense?
I LIAC THE VIK THEY ARE YES GUD EVEN WHEN TAINTS IN NAYBORHOOD BUT THIS SEE A SUPER BOL? NO GUARANTREE BUT VIKINGS SKOL!
I WILL KNEE AT YOU UNTIL YOU LEAVE! KNEE! KNEE!
Halliday has a 1-2 count, and readies for the fastball of Turner's that has fanned many by now. However, it ends up being a changeup, and she swings through it for strike 3. Copper heads back to the mound! Pitch: 651 diff: 299 result: K End 1st
YES
I still did lie down for about 15 minutes
From the first play and in clear pain. Agreed, major respect
Gil waits on 6 pitches, but on the 3-2 count, the last one was a strike. He's sent down looking. Pitch: 2 diff: 327 result: K Bases empty, 1 out
I figure anyone who watched the Fail Mary would know it, but IDK
[Dunlop](/u/OJTang) is now up, and the ump has final sobered up after watching stefon diggs win the game yesterday waiting for the at bat. The pitch is in
I think it's set up to be an amazong matchup between QBs who've been ok but defenses that have really stepped up
On an 0-2 count, copper continues his k day with a changeup down the middle, as fuzzy swings through way too early. Pitch: 409 diff: 312 result: K
Closing his eyes probably wasn't the best idea, as he swings straight through the pitch on a 2-2 count, allowing Copper to strike out the side in the 2nd! Pitch: 299 diff: 324 result: K Mid 2nd
[Buck Cheeks](/u/Buckcheeks) now steps up to lead off the 2nd for the Astros, hoping to make this inning a little better than the last. The pitch is in
Dont forget the "sitting with your elbows on your knees and blowing air in your cupped hands to warm them even though you're inside" pose
I noticed this too, and in additionn you can see he ref in the endzone throw his flag for the penalty as well Lots of props to diggs, but restrain just a little. It totally could have cost the kick
I want a creativity thread; What 3 expletives (repeated or not) would you use in this scenario?
&gt;now the real QB controversey starts -/u/_corndog_ You had no idea man
Man fuck greg williams The saints and rams are cool tho
But brees, morestead, and the fans (at least the ones ive interracted with)... they're pretty cool I agree about sean payton though. Fuck sean payton
All im seeing is that he denied that he knew anything, which means he probably was lying, but at least he knew it was bad? He's not a douche though.
Cheeks has a 3-1 count. He decides to swing on a fastball that's low, and golfs it into center, easily caught for the 1st out. Pitch: ~~842~~114 diff: 272 result: FO bases empty, 1 out
The author of the first minneapolis miracle
I might be up for it. Ill see if someone else here wants it first though!
Wide left, dog. Never forget
As noted in his other game, Ozzy is on jury duty tonight, so the reigns are temporarily mine! [Cheenah](/u/killslayer55) now steps up with 1 down, looking to get something started here in the 3rd! The pitch is in
[Petrol](/u/bernbp5) comes to the box hoping to start a 2 out rally for the O's here in the bottom of the 2nd!
[Riles McGiles](/u/riles_mcgiles) steps into the box, and it looks like the bat boy has just given him the wrong bat? he looks confused, then asks the BB, who says he doesn't know, he was just given a bat and assumed it was Riles's. Riles just decides to go with it and gives a smile to the bat boy who is really wondering if McGiles is just messing with him at this point. He did nothing wrong. He's just a bat boy. He did what he's always done. He thinks to himself, "Am I messing up? No, it is the players that are wrong" The pitch is in
One of the fans has started to mock Cheenah after 2 swings that were hardly close to the ball. Cheenah leans back to him and says that the fan wishes he was out there swinging a fakebaseball bat, to which the fan replies "At least if I hit the ball, it wouldn't be surprising!" Everyone in the crowd reacts, as they can here the burn from their seats, and the game is delayed a little bit, as the ump loses control of the game. What's happened here in Milwaulkee? As the game settles down and everyone in the crowd has stopped screaming post-not-a-rapper-esque, the pitch is thrown, and obviously rattled by the burns thrown, Cheenah dribbles the pitch to short for the 2nd out. Pitch: 33 diff: 464 result: LGO bases empty, 2 outs
I agree, but it seemed he was saying that the guy shouldn't feel bad for him. I felt bad for Walsh, I feel bad for Williams. Neither game is on them, but that's what they're remembered for (at least temporarily). It's just not something you "get over" right now if you're Williams, and I was trying to remind of how it felt in 2015
OT point differential does, but since it's in overtime, they don't want the team winning on a TD to have the extra differential of a point. I think
Wait. 8 TDs, but only 52 points? Jake Elliott did not die for this
Oof Owie
2/8 on 2 pt conversions? That's what I call a great Defense! ^^^^^what8touchdowns
[Dakota Carolina Montana](/u/Zatch17) gives the bat boy a wink after McGiles' little prank, and steps to the plate, looking to start *something* for the Astros' offense. Turner sets, and he delivers! The pitch is in
&gt;Implying he didn't have them already
Punters are ~~people~~ armistice negotiators, too
He sort of did recently. The host of the show said that she thought case earned the starting role, and he admitted she was right
[Smorin](/u/therealliebz) steps up to lead off the 3rd The pitch is in
Im on my phone and want to get this in as quickly as possible, so im not sure if it's a left or rightside groundout, but i know its a groundout. Right back to the pitcher. Easily retired Pitch: 290 diff: 465 result: probably LGO but maybe RGO bases empty, 1 out
[Reynolds](/u/kekar29) now steps to the plate with 1 down here in the 3rd. Can he get his first hit of the day? The pitch is in
I think we would force a lot more running to happen. We have good open field tacklers in our defensive backs, and I think if Wentz was healthy, we would need constant pressure put on by more than just the front 4. I think our gameplan changes dramatically because Foles is, while good, not as escapable as Carson.
Isn't it popular everywhere???
1) I see a little factor, and I think it makes the game more defense oriented for both teams, which in turn helps the Eagles more than the Vikings, due to what I believe is a slight edge to the Eagles in the running game. However, I think it's gonna be like 50 on Sunday, right(? not sure on that), so I don't think the weather will have as much of an effect. Maybe kicking is a little off too. In terms of dropoff from Cook to M&amp;M, I don't know if as many fans think so, but I think there has been a decently noticeable dropoff. M&amp;M have been good, don't get me wrong. However, Cook was excellent in his starts, and we went from excellent to between good and great, which is still a nice thing, but it *is* still a slight decline
[Grimm Carp](/u/enjoyingcarp650) is up with 2 outs and a runner aboard The pitch is in
Carp puts a good hack on the 1-1 delivery, and it's deep to left ... back.... foul! Oh that could dropped for a double! On the 1-2, he expects the curveball low, but a high heater gets him swinging, and we head to the bottom of the 3rd! Pitch: 810 diff: 398 result: K Mid 3rd
Man waits for a good pitch, and on 2-1 he thinks he gets it... He sends a dribbler to 3rd, but its slow enough. The 3rd baseman picks it up to try to be a janitor, but can Dog make it first... can he... yes! He scrapes out an infield single for the Astros first hit of the game! Pitch: 926 diff: 119 result: 1B Runner on 1st, no outs
[Uzumaki](/u/talknojutsu312) is up and I won't waste anymore time since I wasted 2 hours since my phone died so I couldn't update this. The pitch is in
On the first pitch, Uzumaki sends a fastball right back to the mound, and it bounces awkwardly to the left... Oh my! Metz makes a diving stop, and flips to 2nd... gets it, flips to first.... Just in time! That's 2, and what a remarkable play by Metz to turn a single into **2** outs! Pitch: 445 diff: 410 result: LGO bases empty, 2 outs
"It's his first at bat, what's the worst that could happen?" **crack* The first pitch is sent deep, to the warning track!!!... Caught! At the wall. It's the end of the 3rd, and turner's faced 9 and retired 9! Pitch: 87 diff: 237 result: FO End 3rd
Peter pecker pokes a pitch and prances, passing pickles Pitch: 88 diff: 112 result: 1B Runner on 1st, 0 outs
[Isaac Saffron](/u/izsaf) steps up hoping to avoid alliterations and avoid striking out again! The pitch is in
Saffron jumps all over the first pitch. He sent the ball straight to the ground and it sails at a few inches off the ground through the infield, getting a base hit through the shortstop and 3rd baseman and landing himself a spot on 1st! Pitch: 699 diff: 56 result: 1B Runnuers on 1st and 2nd, no outs
[Gil Metz](/u/metssuck) steps up with a big chance in the 4th! Edit: the pitch is in you can swing
Metz puts a few good swings in for fouls that the upper deck behind the plate, but he watches the 3rd strike go by for the 1st out! Pitch: 364 diff: 275 result: K Runners on 1st and 2nd, 1 out
[Fuzzy Dunlop](/u/OJTang) now steps up with a big spot in the 4th! The pitch is in
My phone's about to die, but i dont need more words than what's below Pitch: 729 diff: 15 result: HR bases empty, 1 out; 4-0 Tampa Bay
S
DAT
So I looked into it (I have [data](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IJEDjgSbxgNfZMXu3z9Q8QAkPwFMhQm-IqdlBym3GJU/edit?usp=sharing) from previous posts) and yeah, the Saints home field really over the last 10 years is crazy. Since 08, they've won at least half their home games 9 times, and they've won at least half their road games 3 times. Over that span, they're 55-24 at home and 38-41 on the road (1 London game). That's a win pct of 70 at home and 48 on the road. Also for those '99 Rams, strange thing: They won every road game they played that year, but only won 5 of their 8 home games. They did win both home playoff games though, I think that matters too edit: this was wrong i muffed it up all is well now tho If you want random homefield stats, I'd love to help it's one of my favorite things. DYK the biggest home field advantage by stats belongs to Baltimore?
I may have put it in backwards or something, i did this in 3 days manually year by year so there's definitely some errors lol edit: yup, it was straight backwards, thanks for pointing that out! That makes a lot more sense now lol
Still confident that his pitches are fine, Copper returns with another breaking ball, which gets Abiscal to ground a hard ball to 2nd for the 2nf out! Pitch: 729 diff: 418 result: RGO Bases empty, 2 outs
I was in atlanta this weekend for a business trip. Went to a bar in my thielen jersey and heard at least 10 "skols" and a few "please beat ghe eagles" as well as seeing about 5 vikings shirts on my flight back to indy yesterday. Lots of people are rooting all over, and I just hope we give our best today. SKOL, VIKINGS!
Dude i love this omg. Although, how do you bat .250 in 10 at bats?
This is still amazing though please dont stop making these
[Smorin](/u/therealliebz) now takes place in the batter's box, as Copper has gained some momentum and confidence back on the mound. The pitch is in
Anatoli is looking for the low breakingball on a 2-0 count, but almost seems to lower-cut his swing, bouncing the ball to right, and a routine grounder to 1st ends the inning. Tampa Bay takes their advantage though, and sways this game much more heavily in their favor, as Houston will come up hoping to get some production from somewhere! Pitch: 418 diff: 414 result: RGO Mid 4th
[Jasper Orbit](/u/Astrosnation) steps up to lead off the 4th, and man this has been a great game for Turner. The Astros are hoping they can just get someone on base and keep them there at this point, but Jasper wants even more than that! The pitch is in
Orbit is looking to drive one to left, but gets above a breaking ball and grounds to 1st, an easy groundout for the first out Pitch: 735 diff: 435 result: LGO bases empty, 1 out
Trash talking?
[Bongiovanni](/u/thirdandwitten) now steps to the plate, hoping to get solid contact and get the home crowd more entertained with the Astros' bats than their 3rd most popular app on their phone, which most are checking at this point The pitch is in
*nervously skols*
Our first drive went beautifully. Kept running the ball, one play action for a first, then one dropback touchdown seemingly out of nowhere compared with all the runs Then the defense got beat. Exactly how you mentioned it too. And the offense left with em
I don't really like this because I think Foles was really good. If this was switched people would say the same about Keenum and I wouldn't agree with it at all
My favorite flavor!
[Autumn Halladay](/u/c4d3nza) now steps up hoping to cash in something for the runner on 1st! The pitch is in
I totally did, thank you for the correction! **ahem* Halladay has a 2-0 count, looking to make something of the Astros day at the plate. She gets a hard slider, and its just off of the mound to center... WOAH! diving stop at short! Flip to 2nd, flip to first, and that's a double play! That's gonna send the Astros back to the dugout, as Halladay slams her helmet to the ground in disbelief, as she thought she had a base hit there Pitch: 296 diff: 363 result: RGO End 4th
Um im struggling to find a solid connection between a burning house and philadelphia... Also no one made light of it. People asked about it and were told they would be fine if they didnt provoke
[Mcbaseballface](/u/icanhasadhd) now steps up. The pitch is in
McBaseballface is still waiting for the right pitch, as he knows he's a great hitter. on a 1-2 count, he doesn't get his pitch as he thinks it's high, but the curveball drops and catches the zone for strike 3! Pitch: 877 diff: 333 result: K bases empty, 2 outs
[Carp](/u/enjoyingcarp650) now steps to the plate, hoping to start something with 2 outs here in the top of the 5th! The pitch is in
Carp bloops one to left, chased by Halladay... NO, she just misses the diving stop, and that's a single for Carp with 2 outs here in the 5th! Pitch: 247 diff: 66 result: 1B runner on 1st, 2 outs
Gonna need a source there
No! I thought we avoided this!
[Peter Peckershine](/u/mobbin) attempts to avoid alliterations, although apparently it ain't appearin aced. The pitch is in
Just stretchin so I'm ready when I'm playin again
Too late
That's also totally true. Even a field goal there makes it a decent game without much momentum either direction. But the turnover absolutely killed any hope that still existed.
Peckershine puts the first two pitches down the foul line, barely being foul. Next pitch he watches, calm and ready to hit it deep. On the 1-2, he swings through a breaking ball early, and the side is retired! Pitch: 18 diff: 319 result: k Mid 5th
[Buck Cheeks](/u/buckcheeks) now comes to the plate, and is looking to knock Ed Turner off his quite high horse at the moment The pitch is in
Cheeks waits his way to a 3-0 count. He's given the green light, and the power hitter he is, he gladly will take it with this fastball up in the zone. He takes a hack and seems angry, but it's high.... deep... caught at the warning track! Oh he almost had Houston on the board! But that's one retired here in the 5th for Turner Pitch: 901 diff: 177 result: FO bases empty, 1 out
[Riles McGiles](/u/riles_mcgiles) to the plate, in a day that's been much more about Ed Turner than the Astros' bats The pitch is in
[Isaac Saffron](/u/izsaf) now leads off the 6th looking to add to the Devil Rays' lead The pitch is in
Saffron swings on the first pitch and dribbles it to first for an easy out Pitch: 990 diff: 437 result: RGO Bases empty, 1 out
Gil waits on a few pitches and gets a 3-1 count. He swings on a good pitch down the middle, but eagerly jumps to early, and pulls it foul. On the 3-2, Copper sends a breaking ball low, and he thinks he caught the plate, but mylo points to first. Barely a walk there for Metz! Pitch: 108 diff: 144 result: BB Runner on 1st, 1 out
[Fuzzy Dunlop](/u/OJTang), already with a homer today, steps up hoping to take advantage of another runner on base for him! The pitch is in
Fuzzy pushes it to the corner, but a catch is made on the run for the 2nd out! Pitch: 102 diff: 218 result: FO Runner on 1st, 2 outs
[Abiscal](/u/leprachaun77) is now up, as Copper readies himself and fires! The pitch is in
Abiscal gets a couple pitches wide, and on 2-0 he swings to hit a dinger. He hacks, but misses, 2-1. He hacks again and misses, 2-2. He figures he should just try to go for contact or at least draw a walk, but on the next pitch, Copper gives a fastball up in the zone. Abiscal freezes, not expecting a heater at this point, and watches the pitch at the letters go by, expecting a full count. Grahams rings him up, and that gives Copper 9 K's out of the 18 outs he's obtained so far this game! Pitch: 766 diff: 323 result: K Mid 6th
[Dog Man](/u/gardeningwithciscoe) now takes his place in the batter's box, and tries to break the set of the monster show that Ed Turner is putting on today! The pitch is in
Uzumaki is up, and watches the first pitch heater. On the 0-1, he throws a breaking ball in the dirt, and Man jumps for 2nd! He gets a great jump, and with the breaking ball giving trouble, there won't even be a throw! Stolen base for Dog Man, and it's now a runner on 2nd with no outs! Pitch: 707 steal: 556 diff: 151 result: SB Runner on 2nd, no outs. [Uzumaki](/u/talknojutsu312) sets again in the batter's box. The pitch is in
I see the problem now, i had his username wrong in the boxscore. That does it
All I'll say is, good thing Man stole 2nd last at-bat! The grounder heads to short, and Dog Man holds at 2nd, watching Uzumaki get retired at 1st. Pitch: 18 diff: 482 result: LGO Runner on 2nd, 1 out
[De Leon](/u/Inoelde) now steps up, and hopes to make a dent in a pretty flawless day for Turner. The pitch is in
Three straight fastballs, three straight tips into the catcher's glove! Turner's remarkable day continues! Pitch: 674 diff: 341 result: K runner on 2nd, 2 outs
Sound the alarm! Pinch hitting alert! [Jingo Bajingo](/u/Bnavis) will come in to replace Jasper Orbit with 2 outs here in the bottom of the 6th! The pitch is in
Bajingo finds the first pitch he says and gives it a good smack. However, it's directly to the second baseman, who immediately snatches the grounder and underhands the ball on the jog to first. In an otherwise unremarkable day for both teams, Ed Turner faces 19 batters and retires 18 of them on 2 hits and 0 runs, setting a new MLR record for batters faced in a complete game and utterly dominating the Astros in Houston! Pitch: 416 diff: 376 result: RGO End Game, Tampa Bay wins 4-0
Mylo returns to the stands of his former team to cheer on his teammates after finishing his umping job in Houston. "Go Nats! O'Doubles is a boss! Ozzy Jones is da bayst!"
#BENCHPIE
Also I'd love to join next week! Is that possible?
I ^I ^^I ^^^I liked ^liked ^^liked ^^^liked it ^it ^^it ^^^it
Hey pops told me to say it
eauaauaUAUAAAAAH
I've been playing /r/fakebaseball and it's helped take my mind off of the Vikings. Aside, I graduated last year and the fraternity I was in has initiation next week, so I was asked to come back and help for it. It's weird that I'm gonna know everyone except the people I'm initiating. Like I'll know everyone else and I trust them that they chose the right new kids, but it feels weird that I had no part in it. Either way, pretty excited to be back, they're wonderful
SOME PLAYERS ARE UMPS THOUGH! WOE JEST, TO SHOW MY DISCONTENT I BOUGHT YOU THIS CACTUS TO REPRESENT HOW THIRSTY YOU ARE FOR ATTENTION. PLEASE FUCK YOURSELF WITH IT
MONTREAL SUUUCKS
WE'RE NOT TOO FOND OF YOU EITHER!
&gt;MY MOTHER USES IT YOU THINK *SHE'S* THE ONE WHO USES IT IN THAT HOUSEHOLD?
Fakebaseball is literally just a pitcher and batter picking a number and if the batter's close to the pitch they do better. If you follow the sub link the sidebar has an intro post and it explains in a lot better detail there And how do i order a shirt? I'm probably getting 3, definitely 2
MAYBE YOU SHOULD TAKE A PAGE FROM HIS PLAYBOOK SINCE KNOWING SO MANY WORDS HASNT HELPED YOU SO MUCH
HEY ONLY ONE OF US CAN GET A PAPER SOMBRERO, SO BY ALL MEANS BE MY GUEST!
&gt;Disclaimer: Don't be a complete asshole
how do you accidentally do that?
Nummer takes the first pitch to try to silence the crowd, and pushes it to deep right! That's near the warning track... it's... caught! Back against the fence, Dingers grabs it high, and that's 1 out to lead off the top of the 1st! Pitch: 802 diff: 202 result: FO bases empty, 1 out
Metro copies the last attempt, and sends the first pitch deep to the warning track, but yet another flyout! 2 down to start the game for Shark! Pitch: 993 diff: 229 result: FO bases empty, 2 outs
[Van Shark](/u/laddershark) steps up with 2 outs now in the top of the 1st! The pitch is in
The "Cyborg Syrup" Rob Pancakes takes his place on the mound, ready to fire and hopes to make his low ERA even lower! [Max Wasson](/u/maxwasson2) steps up to the plate, and the Oakland crowd is juiced after the opening inning from Sal. He readies himself, as the pitch is on its way! The pitch is in
[Brian Southwell](/u/Sciddlywuds) now steps up to the plate, and Pancakes is feeling it right away. The pitch is in
Southwell swings on the first pitch and bloops it to right, that's in for a hit! Metro jogs up to it, and... what's this??? Southwell rounds first and heads to 2nd! Metro quickly gathers now and throws to 2nd... Southwell slides... safe! In for a double, and the crowd goes crazy! Barely scratching a double out there! Pitch: 392 diff: 47 result: 2B runner on 2nd, 1 out
[Graham Othrie](/u/grahm03) now steps up, and the A's are primed to jump out to an early lead! The pitch is in
Othrie lifts one to center, and it's 2 steps left of the dead center of the outfield. That puts 2 down, as Southwell holds at 2nd Pitch: 931 diff: 258 result: FO runner on 2nd, 2 outs
[Justin Dingers](/u/tcrain99) now takes his place in the box, and hopes to capitalize on this opportunity early in this game! The pitch is in
Dingers misses the first pitch, and watches a few more go by to a 2-2 count. The next pitch is hit deep to left... the crowd is standing!!! Foul! oh, so close! It's still 2-2, but Pancakes is starting to look a little tired already. The next pitch is a high fastball, but Dingers is ready for it. As the pitch is thrown, Southwell gets a jump from 2nd off the bat, and the ball is driven to center for a base hit! Southwell comes around to score, and it's a quick 1-0 early lead for Oakland! Pitch: 739 diff: 81 result: 1B runner on first, 2 outs, [Southwell](/u/sciddlywuds) scores.
Pancakes shakes his head as he gets the ball from Mylo for the next batter. [Art Zyz](/u/artzyz), the last draftee to show up alphabetically, is now up and wants to make this 1st inning hot for the A's! The pitch is in
Zyz has a 1-2 count and swings early through the low changeup! It's the end of the first, but the A's strike first here, and it's 1-0 in Oakland! Pitch: 812 diff: 364 result: K End 1st
Pancakes, no question Waffles the syrup is stable and unstable in equilibrium. You cut the waffle and it immediately recedes from stable to unstable and falls on the plate With pancakes it's quazi stable, so only a tiny bit will hit the plate when cut, and it's usually enough to be soaked up by your last piece (also pancakes work well as syrup sponges, waffles don't) edit: I'm not posting in other random threads because it gets sent to the gameday updates thing, but to add on here irl I'm joining a real life baseball league this summer, assuming I'll pass tryouts! I think I'll be fine, but we'll see!
I agree with this for the postseason 100%. The game was over there's no need to bring them back out, and for a knee of all things. In regular season it is different though. Point differential, though low down the list, is a tiebreaker for a playoff spot, so the extra point might not seem to make a difference, but it may for a tiebreaker long term (really nit-picky, but that's why I *could* see a defense for regular season)
[Leicester](/u/Nolan4MVP) takes his place in the batter's box to lead off the top of the 2nd. The pitch is in
Leicester puts in a mighty hack, but it drops in short center for a quick first out again in the 2nd! Pitch: 37 diff: 235 result: FO bases empty, 1 out
[Nikki Falke](/u/F117Nighthawk) to the plate. The O's are yet to get on base (this game), can she be the first? The pitch is in
Falke works into the count, watching 2 pitches and fouling 2 off. On the 5th pitch of the at-bat, she pushes a grounder to the right side that is quickly nabbed by Notcher and tossed to first for the 2nd out! Pitch: 458 diff: 381 result: RGO bases empty, 2 outs
The 3rd baseman, [Sam Smith](/u/sasmith2015), now takes his place, as the crowd is going wild for the start that Shark is having. Shark readies himself, collects, and delivers... The pitch is in
Petrol wastes no time with his at bat and hacks the first pitch to the right side. It bounces between Barthelemy and Notcher, and neither of them come up with it! It's a slow single to right field, and that gives Smith time to round and come to 3rd! Pitch: 190 diff: 77 result: 1B Runners on 1st and 3rd, 2 outs
[Sayne](/u/museamaniac) now steps to the plate with an opportunity in the top of the 2nd! The pitch is in
I like this actually. This could even be a rule for any touchdown too, it's just not normally used because unless you already won you wouldn't do it
Sayne is eager to swing, but swings through 2 heaters and a curve to end the inning, and Shark slams his fist into his glove after getting out of the jam! Pitch: 920 diff: 327 result: K Mid 2nd
[Boaty McBoatface](/u/shadypizzaguy) now steps up to the plate to lead off the 2nd. Pancakes has returned to the mound, looking to have a better inning than his 1st. The pitch is in
McBoatface works the count a little, finding himself at 2-1. He gives a hack at the next pitch, but fouls it off, and on the 2-2, he watches a curveball drop into the zone, and he knows it's a strike. Disappointed at himself, he slams his bat in the dirt as he heads back to the dugout. Pitch: 522 diff: 335 result: K Bases empty, 1 out
[Blue Moon Barthelemy](/u/thebubs1024) is looking for that elusive first hit of the year, as he makes his way to the batter's box. He digs in, curls his lip, and is ready to hit. The pitch is in
Pie, how were you a giants fan growing up in iowa? What influenced that? Also hi everyone in the game-day-updates! This isnt a game day update, just a random comment in another thread! You should come check it out!
Barthelemy watches a few pitches to get 0-2, in a new effort to be a little more patient at the plate. The next pitch he has to swing at, as it's a strike, but he misses and goes down on 3. Pitch: 9 diff: 343 result: K bases empty, 2 outs
[Dugnutt](/u/manillaface) is up The pitch is in
There are dozens of us! Dozens! But for real, I went back to MN for Co-Op a few years ago, and I was the only one from MN (2 from IA, one from GA). We spent a Saturday doing all the Minnesota things we could, we went across Stone Arch, went to Mill CityMuseum, visited the Guthrie, etc. But we had a juicy lucy at both Matt's and 5-8 to compare and see which one we liked better. 2 said Matt's was better, 2 (me included) said 5-8 was better, and it seemed to be because of the amount of cheese in our burger. At Matt's I straight up ate a burger with pretty much cheese vapor on the inside with hardly any cheese, but the other guys said it was amazing. Matt's is original and has the bar feel, but 5-8 has a lot of different varieties. 5-8 for me
Dugnutt digs one thats near the plate, but scoops it into center for a base hit! Pitch: 591 diff: 86 result: 1B runner on 1st, 2 outs
[Kid Notcher](/u/notyourchild) steps up with a runner in in the 2nd The pitch is in
Notcher works himself a full count, and fouls one off. Another one. ANOTHER foul, my goodness! On the 9th pitch, pancakes throws a low breaking ball, and notcher tosses his bat over to the dugout, when... RI. REE. BURRRROUT! He looks back in disgust, "how was that a strike, are you kidding?!?" Mylo just stands there. Pitch: 320 diff: 291 result: K End 2nd
[Meerkat Timmons](/u/snicklefritzed) is up The pitch is in
Meerkat enters the box as the crowd starts their jeers. ^^Getonwithit ^boooo ^^Juststrikeoutalready! Timmons seems a bit rattled by this, and misses some easy heaters down the pipe. On the 0-2, Shark throws a curveball high, and Timmons pokes it up. It's a blooper... down for a hit! Just over the stretched and diving glove of Othrie, and there's one aboard here for the O's! Pitch: 500 diff: 51 result: 1B Runner on 1st, 0 outs
[Randy Nummer](/u/826836) is now up, and the crowd is upset at the pace of play- and single- from Meerkat. The pitch is in
[Whitt Metro](/u/robertwhitmer) now steps up hoping to turn the tide, as it seems Shark has the Orioles' number (in more ways than 1!) The pitch is in
Pancakes returns to the mound, as [Max Wasson](/u/maxwasson2) readies himself for the A's half of the 3rd. The pitch is in
Wasson Is ready to get the ball into play, but after fouling off the 1-2 delivery, he swings and misses for strike 3! Pitch: 7 diff: 318 result: K Bases empty, 1 out
[Brian Southwell](/u/sciddlywuds) now saunters to the dish, and after adjusting his batting gloves a 2nd time, he readies himself for the pitch, and here it comes! The pitch is in
STOOP KID'S AFRAID TO LEAVE HIS STOOP
Southwell goes down on 5 straight pitches, giving another strikeout to Pancakes on the day! Pitch: 311 diff: 395 result: K Bases empty, 2 outs
[Othrie](/u/grahm03) steps up, and hopes to avoid striking out, where 4 of the 8 outs for Pancakes have come from so far. The pitch is in
Shark gets a hold early, and gets 0-2. Othrie fouls a few off, and scrapes one on the 5th pitch. He barely scrapes it though, and it ends up in Sayne's glove for strike 3! Pancakes strikes out the side in the bottom of the 3rd, and we head to the 4th! Pitch: 904 diff: 425 result: K End 3rd
The pitching duel continues into the 4th as [Van Shark](/u/laddershark) steps in for the 2nd Shark v. Shark battle of the game. Who will come out as the top shark? Let's find out! The pitch is in
Van Shark waits for 6 pitches without swinging, and luckily gets a ball on the payoff pitch. Pitch: 448 diff: 127 result: BB Runner on 1st, 0 outs
On the 1-0 pitch, Leicester sends a rocket to the left field corner, but Van Shark has to hold up to make sure it drops. It does, and Leicester finds himself at 2nd while moving Van Shark to 3rd! Sal Shark has found himself a predicament here! Pitch: 813 diff: 73 result: 2B Runners on 2nd and 3rd, 0 outs
[Falke](/u/F117Nighthawk) now steps to the plate with a big chance here in the 4th for the O's! The pitch is in
[Sam Smith](/u/sasmith2015) now steps up hoping to keep the rally going! The pitch is in
Smith is eager to jump in on the action, but on the first pitch guns a low fastball to the second baseman, who flips and throws to get a 4-6-3 DP. It gives enough time for Leicester to score from 2nd though, and it's a 2-1 ballgame for Baltimore! Pitch: 749 diff: 435 result: RGO bases empty, 2 outs
[Petrol](/u/bernbp5) is now up, and things seem to have quieted here in Oakland. With Baltimore already having the lead, can Petrol add to it here in the 4th? The pitch is in
Petrol takes his practice swings and works himself a count. It seems everyone else has been jumping over the first pitch, but he's patient and works 5 pitches into a 2-2 count. Expecting a changeup, he readies and swings late, sending a rocket to 1st, but Barthelemy makes a GREAT stop, that ball hit the ground 6 feet in front of him and skipped 4 feet in the air! How'd he come up with that! A jog to first that retires the side, and this crowd is juiced now! Pitch: 46 diff: 412 result: RGO Mid 4th
[Dingers](/u/tcrain99) leads off the 4th for the A's, hoping to take back the lead! The pitch is in!
[Art Zyz](/u/artzyz) steps to the plate, with the crowd going crazy after the leadoff tying homer from Dingers. Can he keep the momentum going? The pitch is in
Zyz wants to keep the momentum rolling and swings on the first pitch low fastball, cutting the ball sharply into center for a single! Pitch: 291 diff: 64 result: 1B Runner on 1st 0 outs
[Boaty McBoatface](/u/shadypizzaguy) comes to the plate. The crowd's roaring, the bats are swinging, and pancakes is firing! The pitch is in
McBoatface decides to swing at the first strike he sees, and sends the 2-0 pitch on the ground past short... base hit! That dribbles to right field, and the A's have got another thing going in the 4th! Pitch: 833 diff: 87 result: 1B Runners on 1st and 2nd, 0 outs
didn't even try to hit him that hard, he just extended his arms and destroyed him. Also I believe Grant left the game with concussion-like symptoms after this play
And usually it's Seattle after us
In the middle of a real game where mill's real life correspondent is 2 for 3, mylo decides to represent it with a 432 cause it's sort of an anagram! 432
Could we get a link to all posts for this?
I'd believe this several times before the 2017 squad. I mean that 09 nfccg game was OT and both teams were constructed pretty similarly
Robin, we know as a player you've shown how much you car about this game, but can we get further elaboration on what your favorite flavor of Dilly Bar is?
They always do it after xp attempt of a TD, FG, (I believe safety? Can't remember), halftime and end of game (not regulation). No subjectivity though. From the days of going to almost every home game, I sang along with every time they played it except the end of the Seattle playoff game. It hurt to listen to
I mean, some people who peruse this sub would find it unfortunate
&gt;So a 17 point loss or a game where the Vikings are relatively "blown out" but it's 20-3 doesn't count. Unless you're talking about this year 👀👀
Thank you!
Back when we had Pierzynski, I told my friends that bringing up this new Joe Mauer kid wasn't worth it, as A.J. was serviceable enough. I get some things right, but when I'm wrong, I'm absolutely wrong. In the same manner, when the Vikings drafted Peterson I told my freind it was dumb since we had Chester Taylor who was already good anyway, and he wasn't worth it. Whoops
This is fair
Just wanna mention how this boxscore is amazing
&gt;spoiler alert, it's the blue jays
So the Colts?
The Titans are trading with the Titans? Well, it is 2018
~~Dez~~ The Moon caught it
I was thinking you were interpreting this wrong, but I literally refered to the day I joined reddit as the day I was born. Huh. I'm no wizard, but I am diabetic. does that count?
I still vouch as it being the best game I've ever played, but Paper Mario Thousand Year Door had some incredible world-building, and man of all the places visited, I loved Glitzville. Floating city. Only wrestling. What a cool place (Albeit, very small). Also, only accessible by fish blimp.
