I love White Zombie, but I think Rob Zombie did better on his own...
This guy is a fucking bag of dicks. He's Skip Bayless if some people actually thought Skip Bayless could put together a sentence correctly.
I'm not your buddy, guy!
I like this one a lot
Best Star Wars game ever.
I like dis one
And he had the best hip rehab ever. Shoot a bow with his feet!
Also, needs more Boz-shaming touchdowns.
It costs your mouth in this weird, slimy feel...
Bet you can't eat the black ones!
You sound like a 12 year old right now. This isn't even relevant.
I wanna wear a zoom suit. All the time.
[Ah, the ol' reddit gamearoo!](http://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/396da8/600_years_in_the_future_theres_a_historian_who/cs1m525)
Yes! The swords! This is the only game where I've seen a sword and thought "I can absolutely imagine holding that." The leather textures, the metal, you can just imagine the weight of it! Also, love lookin at my Griffin armor and swords during cutscenes too.
Thank you! Do you know of any specific mythological stories that it's based on? I've definitely let myself get wrapped up in this world now lol
Sure you did, Daniel. Why you gotta be dragging Lindsey down with you?!
I've gotten some Loot Crates, and it's ok, but in my mind, probably a waste of money. For 30 bucks I could pick out one thing that I really want rather than 5 things that are kinda cool.
Is it worth it to go? What's it offer?
I think he meant b9. As in "I have good news! Your tumor is b9!"
Bucky? Where are ya, Bucky?!
I'm not your pun, quip!
I'm brand spanking new to this game. I love it but don't get it at all. I'm playing on an Xbox one. Is this game even officially released on PC yet or is it still in alpha?
Yes! Jumping is so hard! I don't get it! Lol But I freaking love everything! The first time I came out of hyperspace next to a sun, I literally gasped!
Oh ok cool! Also, how do I drop out of friendship drive?....
Hahaha so basically, just play around on my controller and figure it out. :) ok I can do that!
Don't call him mate, geezer!
Effin A! Just figured it out! You hold down A to bring up the menu and push up on the d-pad to do it! I feel so liberated now! Hahah
&gt; That's the game, and you play it at your own risk. When you play the game of Castles, you either win, or you die
&gt; Then I would say, they are simply doing this for business perspective, not that they love the X1 community. Is this because, they don't have enough confidence in their console to bring new games, so let's try different and put backward compatibility. Got that fanboy stink on ya, son
One of em tried to cut off my grandmas finger to get her ring. My grandpa grabbed the guys arm and twisted it down so that the guy stabbed himself in the leg really deep. Then they ran like hell.
It's Fallout Shelter. It's an iOS game. EDIT: Shelter not vault
I can't tell if he's being a dick, or if he's trying to make a joke that none of us are getting....
That's what I love about these games. The level of detail is absurd!
Just voted. Definitely wanna dock at a place called Ramjam!
Iiiiii would say it's very high up there....
To be fair, Sir Anthony Hopkins could have played Jar Jar and it still would have sucked
I'll ride in your Cobra with you ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Hell yeah! You a Taylor Swift fan?! Crank that shit!
Yeah that I don't know about.....
It's not overly heavy, but you definitely know you're wielding a deadly weapon. My nightstick is telescoping, so I like that it sits right by my glasses case, because it's about the size of a glasses case, so that if I need it I can grab it quickly. Anyone who doesn't know what it is just thinks it's a flashlight.
You're right. Just because someone needs something for work doesn't make it a human right. For instance, I need prescription pads for my work, but not every human should have a right to a prescription pad. Look guys, I hate Fox as much as you do, but stop saying things that are equally as stupid.
So then paper and printers should be a human right?....
༼ つ ಥ_ಥ ༽つ
"Ayyy lmao" -King Tut
┬─┬﻿ ︵ /(._ . ）
196%
It's crazy! The way he says it, it's like what he's doing is something that is completely ok! He can't FATHOM that there are people out there who think that chokeholding suspects is wrong!
Iron Giant. It's a very well done movie.
Sake bombs. Sake bombs.
Three vaginas and they're STILL raping our women! Selfish bastards!
It's really not. Our defense is playing better than it ever has. Our RB's have been fine. Lacy has been gimpy this season, but Starks has been solid and Lacy will come back strong. Our O-Line we do need to use some draft picks on. They're getting old. But when you take a #1 WR out, everything gets much harder. You're left with Cobb, a slot receiver who's being asked to be a deep threat, Jones, who, God love him, isn't scaring any defenses, and Adams, who needs more time to grow, just like Nelson did behind Jennings and Driver, and Cobb did behind Nelson and Jennings. Put Nelson back in the mix, and all the pieces, except for the O-Line, fall into place.
Thanks guys.... That's nice of you to say....
Put it on your mantle next to your Lombardi trophies.
Highlight of the night. Yes, that includes the INT
LOL
In a non-starting shit way, do the Vikings really consider themselves our main rival?... I always saw it as Packers/Bears, Vikings/Lions...
Nicest thing I've read all week!
Probably won't use this term again until Belicheck leaves NE
A lot of ign employees voted for rise as overall GOTY too
Love it! ALL their shit talk and "FTP" shit all season! For them to lose like that is amazing!!!!
A hood without sleeves? Now James Jones is just messing with us....
That's the thing that gives me hope for next year! Our defense is starting to mature and come into their own!
If it makes you feel better, I've heard this could be an Asian tourist. It's common practice for them to wear both jerseys to show respect to both teams
That Peppers guy is alright!
Also, if you don't already, get SmartGlass
I have an Xbox One and I love it. If I were you though I would take a look at the upcoming games for Xbox One. Cuphead, Crackdown, Quantum Break, Gears 4, Oxenfree, (which is coming out this Friday) and ReCore (which is made by the guys who did Metroid Prime) are all coming to Xbox this year and have me beyond excited! If those games catch your eye, I'd strongly consider getting an Xbox One.
He's going to kill himself pretending to kill himself!
Can't tell if trolling or not... Either way, here's a downvote
Thanks for this, but I'm really ok! No one would have expected the Pack to do that well! I'm just excited for next year and ready to cheer the Cardinals on in the Super Bowl!
And Janis across the field from him! (Ok maybe not, but maybe!)
:,) thanks man...
I agree with you that it stems from jealousy, but it doesn't mean that it doesn't get obnoxious. As a Thunder fan, I don't comment and post "fuck the Rockets" whenever they lose.
I actually like Bridgewater. And I really don't hate the Viking team (except for AP. Fuck that guy in the fucking neck), I just don't like their fans.
Holy shit that would be awesome!
That was the day Al Harris was immortalized in my mind! Even have an Al Harris rookie card. He's in an Eagles jersey but still....
I honestly don't think we do that.... If we have, I've never seen it... Does your subreddit really have a FTL and FTB? I've never seen it... And good! I'm glad you can cheer for some of our guys too! Serious question though, why do you all hate Rodgers? (Maybe you don't personally, but a lot of Vike fans do) Other than him selling out to State Farm, I love everything about the guy!
Yes!
I freaking loved Atari Bigby! Our defense might have given up a lot of yards and penalties, but they beat the shit out of everyone they played!
No need for racial slurs
Ugh... I know I'm in the minority, but I hate hate HATE Wes Anderson... The way he directs his dialogue is just so strange! The actors deliver their lines so quickly one after another and so deadpan that it sounds like they're reading off of cue cards to me.
"Food by Wingstop" I'm dead
You're much funnier than I was at your age....
"Some things are true. Not everything is permitted. That's called fraud."
I don't watch NASCAR at all. Can you explain why people hate him? Was he considered a dirty competitor or something?
Who the hell posts shit like this on facebook?
Hope OP is fine with paying me a year salary now that I'm fired!
He looks old as hell! Look at his hands! Those are the hands of a 90 year old grandmother!
All Along the Watchtower by Jimi Hendrix
That movie had such promise, then went to shit...
And don't talk "like the youths"
Ok I could agree with you there. I'm more anti-Redmayne than pro-Jordan on this. I do think Jordan got robbed on not being nominated for Fruitvale Station though.
I did see it. I thought it was an interesting subject, but I just felt like he delivered so poorly on it. I actually liked him quite a bit in the theory of everything, which was why I was looking forward to the Danish girl. But I thought his performance in it was very forgettable.
Yeah, Birdman was definitely an experience, and I was talking to my friends about it afterwards, talking about "wasn't this cool, and wasn't that cool?" But then once I got into bed and had time to think, I kinda came to this conclusion; I see movies for enjoyment. If I enjoyed a movie, it has merit. But I didn't enjoy Birdman... I totally get it. I get that it's a message on how it feels to be pigeonholed (heh) into a role and never be able to break out of it, and I can appreciate that message. But I disliked it for the same reason I disliked Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Because watching it gave me the same feeling as when you're somewhat sick to your stomach but not enough to be full blown sick. Just....so uncomfortable.... Whiplash was pretty formulaic. The dad apologizing for being bumped into in the movie theater for instance ("get it?! Cause, like, his dad gets walked all over, and he hates him for that, but he'll let someone else walk all over him when it's important to him!!!"), but, holy shit JK Simmons. I don't think I've enjoyed watching an actor act as much as I have watching him act in that movie! He is a total dick, a selfish asshole, and I loved every minute of it!
Also Bendis and Maleev's run at Daredevil!
SO excited to read Hellboy's winter special! I snagged the variant cover too!
"Do you think she hates me?" "With a passion." "Really? Do you think it's the hat? A lot of people hate this hat. It angers a lot of people, just the sight of it."
I'm getting chills just thinking about it!
The hardest part is over. You told someone. You didn't let it sit in the shadows and fester. That's poisonous. Now you can start healing! Also, if you ever feel like you need to talk to someone, know that you can message me or pretty much anyone else on here! I'm confident we'd all be willing to listen!
Wait, shouldn't he start with [this?](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/JAQtbCUYGsw/maxresdefault.jpg)
&gt;I don't think anyone blames OKC fans for rooting for their team You haven't spent much time around Seattle, have you?...
So I listen to Podcast Unlocked quite a bit, and these are my thoughts on this: I think that Sean Finnegan is both an idiot, and that what he said is being blown out of proportion. Ok, so first off, Sean Finnegan is a video guy. Essentially, he's the guy who sets up the cameras for the podcast videos, he captures gameplay videos (I know. Ironic), and he films a lot of like Up at Noon and their other video segments. I truly believe that he's only ever on the show when they have no one else to use. Around the time of this podcast, the show consisted of Ryan McCaffrey, Destin Legarie (who also is a bit of an idiot), Marty Sliva, and Mitch Dyer. Those 4 made up the show, and when one of them couldn't be on it, Sean would come in. So yeah, he's the guy who they say "shit, we need someone else in here..." But on to context: if I remember correctly, they were talking about PC's vs consoles, and how there's a theory that Xbox is just going to turn into an upgradable type product, where you just upgrade parts every couple of years. Finnegan is not a fan of this, and was giving reasons why he likes consoles over PC. From the context of the conversation, what it sounded like he was trying to say was that he preferred the "ready out of the box" quality of consoles over PC's, and part of that "ready out of the box" includes a piece of hardware that, out of the box, gives you the ability to record gameplay. So yes, what he was saying was incorrect, but it's one of those cases of "I see what you were going for." Anyway, I enjoy IGN's podcasts. Yes, they absolutely say shit that I disagree with, but at the end of the day, they're entertaining to listen to. Alanah Pearce just joined their show recently and I actually really enjoy hearing what she has to say. She's called Finnegan out on his bullshit multiple times, and it's SO satisfying! EDIT: Wording
Eh, if we're getting really technical, it's like the kid knocked it wobbly, I had to choose between saving my tv or saving the kid, so I save the kid (tv is still just a tv after all). But my friend still owes me 500 bucks.
Are you implying with that statement that admittance to a zoo covers all damages that a guest causes while there?....
So what's the point of that comment then?....
Marlon Wayans from White Chicks tore your team apart!
Except for the third wife that no one pays attention to anymore cause she got fat
Harden doesn't even get chances to choke!
AND YOURS IS STILL HOPING MICHAEL JORDAN WILL COME PLAY FOR THEM
OR THE WARRIOR FAN'S LOYALTY
Still knocked your team out without breaking a sweat!
SEEING AS HOW YOU JUST BECAME A FAN TWO WEEKS AGO, I'M GUESSING YOU DON'T
Did you mean to post in the "the Hornets are still the Hornets" thread? It's that way.
That line is shittier then the lines from SF to shitty ass Oakland for your games!
Oakland is still a piece of shit
Yeah! They should be real men like Artest and just punch fans in the face to celebrate!
Still sucks Silver's dick*
EXCEPT FOR YOU'RE TYPING THIS ON A LIBRARY COMPUTER SINCE YOU CAN'T AFORD ONE BECAUSE YOU LIVE IN THE DUMBEST PLACE POSSIBLE
SEEING AS HE'S A SOUTHERNER, I THINK HE PREFERS OUR BBQ
Your comparison is bad and you should feel bad
Ultimately that's your opinion, which doesn't matter. What matters if it was up to code legally. If it was up to code, it's the parents responsibility
WON BY 38, LOST BY 1, WON BY 29, WON BY 11, WON BY 14 The only game that was close was the second one, where you all got lucky at the buzzer! But it's ok. If I was a Mavs fan I'd probably block everything out since 2011 too!!!
YOU HAVE A FUTURE TO NEVER BE IN A POSITION TO CHOKE A 3-1 LEAD IN A CONFERENCE SEMI-FINAL GAME!
Yup. Even at a restaurant, it's polite to wait until everyone gets their food.
Just as ugly and not fun for anyone but he who has it. Yup. That checks out!
I was just thinking that! Holy shit those graphics look great! FUCK Konami for doing this!!!
Now that he's done with the goat, he should go
Dad? Is that you?
Westbrook's knee has something to say about that....
Aren't you that [goat fucker?....](https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/370uvj/found_this_as_a_review_on_tera/crivk2e)
Because they were just gonna bury her anyway!
Picked up Hellboy in Hell #10, and Moon Knight #3. I need to re-read Hellboy. I'm still not sure how I feel about it... Anyone else? Moon Knight is bitchin though! Loving this series so far!
Not sure why you're being downvoted... Battlefield 1 is the most liked game trailer ever on youtube. Say what you will about EA, they know how to make products that the consumer is interested in, even if the quality is lacking.
Well there's also Mass Effect, Mirror's Edge, Dragon Age, Titanfall, etc. To say that they do nothing but mess up games is unfair...
I just developed a tick reading this...
Just remember; everyone on Reddit is a bot except for you
I'm not sure we use the same Reddit...
Blockbuster was a different beast though.... A movie could bomb in the theaters, but for some reason everyone wanted to rent it...
The ELI5 for anyone curious: redditor asks about something he remembers seeing or something. Someone messages him back with the link. He says "holy shit! How'd you know it?!" Mysterious redditor says "shh bby is ok"
It's like fallout, but fantasy. Also, while its a very flawed game, LA Noire is one of my favorites. Resident Evil 4 is also on 360!
I was working in a warehouse and accidentally swept some dust on a coworkers shoes. He grabbed the broom from me and spit on the bristles. Apparently, if you sweep dust on someone's feet, it's an omen that they're going to be in jail soon. Spitting on it afterwards helps to remove the omen.
You think that's a mullet?...
Fuck you
I'd also like to see when they actually started dating
This. When the Bills owner died, I got absolutely shit on because when they said on ESPN that he owned one of the greatest franchises I said "wait, what?...."
Yeeeeah I'm calling this as fake. People who are that weird aren't poetic about their weirdness
The weird thing is that I listen to some of the podcasts that she's on, and she pretty regularly says her age, and the OP never has her age right. You'd think a stalker would learn every little thing about her....
Yeah that's a pretty good point.... Man, I genuinely feel bad for this guy.... I know what it feels like to want nothing more than to be with someone who doesn't want to be with you. I don't know if it's worse when it's a situation like this where you don't even really know the person....
Doesn't seem weird to me.... My family is Catholic and we always pray before meals. If it makes you that uncomfortable I feel like that says more about you than them....
"country low age of consent" "flights Philippines"
Just got it too! Thank you Wario64!
That's when you yell "hey this pudding has been contaminated! This little kid LICKED THE SPOON AND PUT IT BACK IN! Can we get a new container and spoon please?" Then glare at the kid and parents while you walk back to your table.
Protip: follow Wario64 on Twitter and make it so you get a notification every time he tweets. He tweets game deals all the time. I have no idea how he does it! He tweets basically from sun up to sun down!
Is this to replace Monty Williams? I like the choice, but damn it I wish we could have kept Monty... I hope him and his family are doing ok... EDIT: It is to replace Monty...
But drugs...drugs is a dirty business
that's where I'm at... looking at the devs, I'm worried, but we'll see... I'll probably get it either way.
Yeah not all. But that's not what the quote is. And we're animals biologically, yes, but mentally we're much more. That's obvious.
I think he still lives in OKC actually....
Going to the Finals 5 times is fucking impressive. Doesn't matter what your record is there.
Am a man. Don't masturbate.
I love KD and Westbrook, but neither of them are as complete a player as LeBron
Sounds like his prison sentence was too short then!
HEY! LISTEN!
Shut up and help me oil these bodybuilders up!
Am I missing something?... How is it not in line with the church to hope that someone was able to die in the state of grace?...
Decepticons*
Thank you for the link! I'll check that out for sure!
You can find anyone saying anything. But to say that "Christians be like..." or "Republicans be like..." when it is an extremely small minority is ridiculous and hate-mongering.
http://i.imgur.com/cCYRlJJ.gif
The thing that stands out to me, is that it doesn't just take tremendous strength to be a good bouncer, it takes a lot of coordination. I mean, pick out an object in the room. Now grab it as fast as possible. I guarantee you that your hands are going to fumble a bit and miss it at first. Now make that object be in a moving person's hands and a deadly weapon! Very impressive.
What it looked like to me is that Verejao ran into Delly and wrapped his arm around him, and then when Delly tried to box out, Verejao went limp and pulled him down. I didn't see any contact that Delly initiated.
Sunset Overdrive!
Why does that make no sense?... Marvel gets to make Spiderman movies again, and in return Sony has exclusive rights to Spiderman games... Makes sense to me...
Different people, but same company. Sony had the rights to the character for movie purposes. If they decided that they no longer wanted to pursue that character, it's advantageous of them to pass the character on to Marvel in return for videogame rights.
holy shit on a shamrock I can not wait for this game! Just reading that line gets me hyped!!!!
So a lot of game journalists have played pretty much all of it, and I've yet to hear anyone say it's not game of the year material!
Was PT VR though?... I think people are underestimating how "fear for your life" scary VR horror will be... That kind of scary isn't fun...
Where can I watch these?... It's not on Netflix, is it?
Oh sweet! I have HBO so I'll check it out!
Dude, I'm a big time horror fan. I've also been held up at gunpoint. Those are two different feelings. I don't want to feel the fear of being held up at gunpoint ever again! A lot of people are saying though that when you're in a VR horror game, that's the type of fear you feel though.
🎶One Saturday Morning!🎶
Apparently the general consensus is "we don't want to ruin it. Just trust us on this"
👆this my dude
Fresh AF
Not sure what Disney movies you're watching, but pretty much all Disney movies from at least the 90's on had hard looks at society.
The Godfather! Love it!
Man, I completely disagree with you. Take Toy Story; a movie where, really, the badguy is the likeable main character, Woody. He represents the jealousy and fear of being replaceable that most people feel, and which causes them to do things that are bad. Or Cars, which is a hard look at the toll that progress takes on people, and how it kills the little man. Or The Incredibles, which is about how dangerous the idea of "everyone is special" is. Tarzan, which is a metaphor for xenophobia, both from the animals and the humans, and the person who bridges that gap. Huchback of Notra Dame, which is about how dangerous someone is when he falsely believes he is on God's side. I think you're selling Disney short, man...
Oh my...
Yeah, my wife regularly comes down to my office to yell at my boss when I tell her he's being a jerk! She's awesome!
The ending kind of falls apart.... That monologue is pretty bad. But overall, super spooky!
Consider the source. I see so much misinformation that gets upvoted into the thousands. Did that person cite a source or at least list their credentials? If not, don't take it as fact.
As someone who just bought a PS4 a few months ago, hold off. All of those games you saw in that gif are not coming out until at least 2017. Last Guardian is the only thing coming out this year for them.
Why would you say Microsoft's was laughable?... They showed multiple games that looked great that are coming out very soon...
What do you mean they lost their touch? Could you explain?
Maybe that was it... I don't know what the difference between 2.5 and 2.8 is... 3 is for sure coming to Xbox One though, right?... Or am I also making that up? lol
I personally think Gears, ReCore, We Happy Few (especially that one!) and Sea of Thieves all look great! You don't?
Interesting... I'd like to take you up on that, but to be honest I don't know if I'll be building a PC any time soon.... That's crazy nice of you though, man!
Wow I never realized that's what that means! Gives a whole different meaning to [this!](https://youtu.be/ac_iZc0gGxk)
Wait, you didn't say there would be colors and shapes involved! Just forget everything!!!!
Relax, Indiana
It's much easier to dismiss fact as "reaching" then it is to admit you're wrong, isn't it? It's not like tweets have negatively affected everyone from [high school athletes](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3393990/High-school-basketball-player-suspended-tweet-criticizing-Wisconsin-athletic-association-reminded-students-sporting-behavior.html) to [commentators](http://www.cnn.com/2015/08/25/us/curt-schilling-insensitive-tweet/). But yeah, you've provided plenty of proof that the stance you take is the right one. From "you must not be employed" to "you don't understand context." I mean, your logic is air tight.
There is no fan base in all of sports who deserves a championship as much as Cleveland fans do! I'm praying SO HARD that you all get it done tonight! I'll party like it was my Thunder who won! :)
Michael Scott Paper Company. How can I help you?
You're supposed to block oncoming roads. Generally, from the processions I've been at, one motorcycle coo drives up ahead and blocks intersections. You have to either not be paying attention at all (like, not looking at the road at all), or purposefully drive past them.
Ayesha starts talking about her "bad pussy" for some absurd reason
That block on Iggy! One of the sweetest things I've ever seen!!!
As a thunder fan, you need to stop
Love you too! 😉
then give the man some gold, son!!!!
This one gives me a lump in the throat every time...
I demand that you DOWNVOTE HIM!!!!
Thanks.
More likely looking for a new fanbase to join.
We're so fortunate that Chokeland works so well!
What all of his have you read? I've read a good number of Gaiman but American God's is still my favorite!
Thinking about either picking up **The Yiddish Policemen's Union, by Michael Chabon** or **Mr. Mercedes, by Steven King**
They gave Cleveland a championship AND a free taco! Thanks guys!!!
I'm really glad that it was peaceful last night! Nothing should get in the way of your city enjoying this championship to the absolute fullest!
Hotchie motchie!!
How'd the Sonics do this year?
Let's not get carried away...
Still, we're both worth more than a franchise that doesn't exist anymore, eh? ;)
Aw what?! Come on man! Please don't do this! Please PLEASE change your mind! It's just not fai....oh wait. Hey! I just remembered that you're insignificant and no one cares what you think!!! Whew! That was a close one!
Aw dang.... :(
I feel like I would do this in order to win no matter who I was playing... Is it really considered dirty?
You don't bout the Winnipeg Anglo Assassins?! Bro they're deadly! They cut in lines and don't say sorry!
"Nah fam nah" -/r/Caridor
How much cap space do you have? Is it enough to keep Thompson, Curry, Green, AND sign Durant? I'm skeptical. EDIT: Yeah, after looking at [this](http://en.hispanosnba.com/salaries/teams/golden-state-warriors) I don't think there's any way the Warriors can afford KD... Bogut has a guaranteed 11 mil. Unless Golden State cut a LOT of support players, I don't think they could do it. And if they did, it would be the Kobe/Nash/Howard fiasco all over again.
Looking at [this](http://en.hispanosnba.com/salaries/teams/golden-state-warriors), seems like cutting ALL of them would only leave them with 13 mil to give Durant. Don't think he'd take that...
I DEFINITELY know how modern warfare works! I prestiged 5 times in it! How many times did you prestige, ya noob?!
Might get your thyroid checked.... My wife's coworker used to just always be in a horrible mood and hated herself for it. Got on a thyroid regimen and she says its like night and day.
Sorry, what are you referring to?
See, that seems like a bad idea to me... Because that means either you never want to lift more, or you'll get it removed or crossed out eventually...
HOLY MOLY!!!!! Think he'd play SG in our starting rotation?
Love him like we loved him, Orlando! I'll miss Air Congo! :(
I know Dipo is a beast, but as a Thunder fan, what's Ilyasova like?
I'm sorry man.... I do feel bad....
OKC ran a rotation with him at the 4 and it worked well. It probably won't happen, but it's also not an absurd thought
OH LAWD! STOP THE DAYUM MATCH!!!
This is the right answer. The main questionmark is in PF now, but between Roberson, Kanter/Adams, Ilyasova and Sabonis, they'll be just fine. After the way Roberson and Waiters played in the playoffs, I'm sold on Donovan being able to develop players. I think we could see some great things out of this trade!
But Australia has very similar obesity rates to the US but they're much lower on the list....
College talent isn't the same as NFL talent though.
Yeah that's why
740 this is really awesome man!
Whoa whoa whoa! What's wrong with Bendis?
I remember watching an interview with him when he first got in the league. He said "I'm 6' "10 now, but I'm still growing. So I hope to be over 7' by the time I'm done. At the time I thought he was kind of joking around. Turns out he wasn't!
The church never explicitly states that people should not be loved. Pope Francis, when he says that the Church needs to ask forgiveness, is stating that the PEOPLE of the church need to ask forgiveness, not the church as an institution. You will not ever find a Pope who taught that sinners should be hated. You may find priests and even bishops who would say that, but they are not in line with the church's teachings. Pope Francis will never change church teachings. Ever. The Church was is and will be the same forever.
"Well, I could buy a house, or I could buy this cape..."
I don't think you need an Xbox... Unless you just can't wait to play Gears 4, or ReCore, or the other Xbox exclusives, stick with what you have, especially since you don't even play it that much...
Ok. Do you think there's anything the government could do to stop the gun violence in Northern Ireland? I don't know what the gun laws are there.
The difference is that it's a "cat out of the bag" situation here. The majority of gun violence here is gang related. Those are guns that are acquired illegally. You're always going to find the instances of gun violence with weapons that are obtained legally, but those are the VAST minority. Every day, there are shootings that are done with illegally obtained guns. Laws won't change that. Also, what does hunting look like in your country? Do people hunt there? Hunting is an important part of our culture here, and it has a lot of positive impacts on both our culture and the environment.
&gt; because gun nuts are notoriously averse to listening to reason. Sure. Because saying "All I'll say is that 50 LGBT men and women, as well as countless other people, are dead, not because of muslims, rednecks, criminals, or whoever else you want to blame. It's the fault of your entire toxic gun culture. And until you attempt to fix it, these deaths are on everyone who perpetuates this culture" isn't an overly emotional response either. It's easier to blame it on "stupid politicians" isn't it?
Klay: *retreats to locker room in manly way because it's a man's game*
I love the mixture of happiness and sadness. "Yes I get all the toys!!!...and no one to play with...."
Nah man. I'll always consider the Bears the bigger rival. You have to.
Has anyone read The Book of Harlan? Is it good?
I was thinking he should have won it in February
That sounds great! Definitely on my radar now!
Not to mention he's missing the point of Don Quixote. Don Quixote sees the world as it should be. A mule isn't just a mule to him. It's a noble steed. His neighbor isn't really a jerk, he's his trusty squire, and (most importantly), a prostitute isn't a thing to be used for pleasure, she's a human who should be showed respect and love.
I'm not getting into this with you. It's obvious that your bullshit "fuck da police" mindset has been well thought out.
I live I die I live again?...
It's nice, but could you zoom it in a little more?...
nailed it. Saving this as my wallpaper
If we're talking about Spurs, or basically any other team, then yes. I want them at full strength. But after our series, I just hate that whole organization so much that I want it to be dismantled.
What a hypocrite
As an Oklahoma native, I don't know anything about Philly other than the fact that Philly Cheese Steaks are amazing. But I do know about how blazing hot the hate for the Eagles and their fans are!
This guy must have not played sports much
Calm down dude. I absolutely support everyone having a chance to play sports. I'm asking about what appeals to the fans of the sports, not about the validity of the sport.
Yeah! Did you accidentally step on Thumbelina too?
So stoked for Banner Saga 2! I've played a decent amount of the first one and the art is absolutely gorgeous. Really looking forward to this!
Ummm yeah you probably could.... It will be interesting how they do the second one, because you can lose a lot of characters in the first one! But my guess is that if you pick up the second you may be a little lost, but should pick it up fairly easy...
That's messed up...
Watch your mouth, son! You shouldn't hate ANYONE more than the Bears!
Right there with you, man
I've been loving the new Black Panther run too! They're only on issue 3, so it wouldn't be hard to catch up, and they've released some awesome looking variant covers too!
This is how I cry now!
I actually consider it one of the best games I've played in 2016. The graphics can be a hot mess, but I loved the brutality of the combat, and the story was incredible!
So speaking of cops in the game, I've actually thought a lot about that too. And how if you do piss off a cop, it turns into GTA again (kill the cops and get away, die, or get arrested). But what if you had a bar come up whenever a cop was too agitated with you, and it was an escalation and deescalation bar? And you'd have to read each situation differently. So for the crew-cut, "wanted to be military" cop who's looking for a fight, you have to go super deescalation. But the cop who's stuttering, is nervous, and is scared of the big black guy in front him, you can't be too nice or he'll get confident, so you have to escalate things and scare him. Make him back off. I think that would be cool!
I can understand that viewpoint, but the article doesn't go into too much depth about what exactly he's giving his money to, though it does talk about what he has given money to in the past...
Yes! I loved the story on Mafia 3! Also, I liked the over the top violence! Like, even silenced pistols cause all kinds of damage! I told someone that "when you kill someone in Mafia 3, you're not turning off the light switch, you're shattering the light bulb." As for Overwatch, I think what I like about it is that it's a shooter that I don't have to rely on pure fast twitch ability to be good at. Like, I can have just as much fun skating around as Lucio and healing people as the other people can playing as the assault guys. I really appreciate that!
Admittedly I didn't... I'm still working through it. I heard it's an absolute grind at the end, but I like grinds!
Ok, good to know. So why do people at Starbucks order their drinks even hotter then normal? Is everyone different in what temperature they can drink? Am I just predisposed to not be able to drink very hot drinks? lol
So a few things; if you're playing as Emily, you have to get used to the powers. That takes time. And yeah it's easy to get seen, but you'll get used to that too... it just takes time. But the best advice I can give in terms of enjoyment of that game is read and listen to as much as you can! The lore is CRAZY deep and worth every second!
It's why I like listening to Giant Bomb's end of the year podcasts! Even when I disagree with what they have to say (fuck you! Quantum Break was a fun ass game!), it's really interesting!
How's it feel being the second best baseball team in Chicago? Edit: ah well. This comment could have gone either way. Still regret nothing! Go Packers!
The only time the professor is at liberty to tell someone they're wrong for their interpretation of a book is when the text doesn't support it. So if I think that a book is representative of a theme based off how one person acts, but I misunderstood the text, my interpretation could be wrong.
Holy crap your username after his is fantastic!
Packer fan here: I'm ok with OBJ doing this. He didn't scream at his teammates. He didn't shove one of our guys. He didn't talk crap at his press conference. It was a playoff game. Losing a playoff game is always hard. I don't blame him for letting his anger get the best of him for a second.
If I had to pick one celebrity to be my friend, Jackie Chan would be very high on that list! He's always so cheerful! If I had a bad day at the office and needed some positivity, he'd be the person I called!
Ok, I watched it a couple of times and I do see what you all are talking about. RIGHT before he hits him, he dips his head down. Everything leading up to the hit looked fine to me, but then right there as he's making contact, I can see what you're talking about.
Right. These are, from what I can tell, worst case scenarios for the type of hit he took.
Judging from what I saw on there, and being an athletic trainer and not a doctor, I'd say probably ACL, LCL, and Medial Meniscus...
No one roasts New Yorkers like New Yorkers roast New Yorkers!
&gt; Damnit ok why do people do this. Why do people quote the entire post they're responding to? Like we get that you're responding to that post cuz you...responded to that post. Why pull out the relevant parts of the post when it's just the whole damn post..? &gt; &gt; I'm sorry this isn't relevant but I keep seeing people do this and I can't sit idly by any longer. &gt; &gt; Agree 100%. &gt; &gt; Church Disagree
A crotch shot?! Have some class!
As a Catholic, FUCK that website.
Holy shit dude fine! I fucking misspoke! My point fucking stands though that this consoles exclusive lineup has been disappointing! Are you gonna try and argue that it ISN'T disappointing?
Cool. So you hijacked my comment for petty shit. Nice.
Ding fucking ding! Everything you're saying is exactly right! If Microsoft doesn't get some fucking first party publishers soon, we may never get a console after Scorpio. Because right now there's no footing for them to fight back at Sony! What the fuck happened to the one BILLION dollars they were investing into their game department?! Did they not think to maybe create some first party publishers with that cash?! FUCK!
I'm sorry, but fuck Sea of Thieves. That shit is not a AAA game, and Microsoft needs a fucking AAA game that isn't a fucking sequel or reboot (Crackdown).
Got you bruh. FUCK I'm still so fucking pissed off!!!
More then Halo dev, Gears dev, Forza dev and Rare maybe?! Fuck dude, we keep getting fed sequel after sequel from the three biggest studios we have, Black Tusk which COULD have made interesting IP's changes to The Coalition and is all "we're JUST Gears now," and fucking Rare can't get their shit together and keeps making garbage! Sea of Thieves looks like nothing more then a time waster!!!
What the fuck are you on about?! I want Microsoft to make good games because that drives the whole videogame industry forward! That's how competition works! When you have one console shitting the fucking bed every time, that doesn't drive the market forward!
Hasn't Phil Spencer said he doesn't want to kill console generations?.... I'm pretty sure he did.
1) No story. 2) Rare hasn't shown any ability to make a good game since...what...Viva Pinata? And even that wasn't great. 3) It looks like a cutesy time waster and nothing more. Looks like I'll have fun for like 20 minutes, get tired of it, and sell back my copy. When I think AAA I think Witcher, Dark Souls, Halo, Last of Us. Not a fucking pirate sim!
Ummm I don't know what you're talking about. It's in alpha, and game journalists have already been playing it! Dude, Sea of Thieves is going to be the type of game that journalists love because all their journalist friends get together and play. Because that's the ONLY way that game is any fun. For the real life videogame player whose friends have mostly moved on, it'll be a game of "jump in with random people. Hate random people because they're all cocksuckers"
I know!!! If I have to pretend to get excited for one more Halo or Gears game, I'm gonna fucking lose my shit!
&gt;giving you the games they promised. What?! Project Spark?! Phantom Dust?! Crackdown?! Fable?! Oh, and SCALEBOUND?!?! The fuck is wrong with you dude?!
Man, play Overwatch, an objective based MP game, and it's easy to see how no one is ever willing to work together!
Project Spark: un-released. Seriously. Go try and buy it. Crackdown: some people aren't so sure. Fable: your point is what? Scalebound: again, your point is what? Microsoft is still out those IP's!
Just tell me; what game is coming out this year to make the Scorpio worth it? What's their killer app that's going to compete with Horizon Zero Dawn, Spider-Man, Neir, Persona 5?....
But expected... I'm probably not gonna play Kingdom Hearts, but I am looking forward to FFVII, and my philosophy is that I'm basically going to pretend the game is never coming out, and just be happy if it ever does.
Oh man I hope FFVII is better then Last Guardian!
Sorry man, BC is great, but end of the day they're old games.
Oh sorry dude. Thought you were referring to the shit show that's been Scalebound getting canceled.
Oxenfree should be on here. It's pretty easy, but like Until Dawn, you have to play it through at least 3 times (I'm pretty sure) to get them all. But it's a very short game too.
ROTTEN! YOU'RE LATE, JET!!!
Jerry is? What happened?!
Bad times can make for good art. It's like El P tweeted after the election, "on the bright side, rap music is about to be even better now"
If you don't already follow TJ Lang on Twitter, you really should! He's hilarious and has no problem calling out shit! The amount of fines he must get for his Twitter has gotta be through the roof!
Yes....just being black is historic.... just like JFK just being Catholic is historic.
That doesn't have anything to do with the question of "is the first black president historic?"
Not really... She was trying to break up a fight and got punched. She wasn't trying to use the fact that she was a woman to gain something... That "kick" she gave the guy looked more like a "hey quit it" then anything else.
I don't think this applies to the Maul game... I remember reading a story about it in Game Informer I think. Basically, George Lucas got so over-involved that he ruined it. First it was just about Darth Maul trying to prove himself to Sidious. Then Lucas decided it was going to be about Darth Maul after he got his legs cut off after Episode 1. Then he decided he wanted the Twi'lek in the pictures shown added (who apparently was a character AFTER the sixth movie, so that's weird). Then he decided he wanted it as a co-op game and should feel like a buddy cop movie. So Red Fly finally just said enough is enough and nixed the whole thing...
I love this game so much... It may be my favorite Star Wars game, and I've played a lot of them!
It looks like she barely kicked him though. It'd be like me slapping someone on the arm to get their attention and them decking me.
Just answer for me a very simple question: dude who sucker punched the girl (yes it's a sucker punch. Look up the definition). Is he an asshole for punching her or not?
It was great when I was sure that Republic Commando 2 would be out in the next few years! Now, it's not so great.... EDIT: Republic Commando. Not Rogue Squadron. I've shamed my family.
....who's Dragon Ball?
&gt; nucleat George W.?
That's what a home warranty is for!
I want to believe that Joe Biden hid a ton of subtle jabs in the White House for Trump to find. Like an English to Russian dictionary on the nightstand, the complete collection of Saturday Night Live in the theater room, Melania's naked pictures in the bathroom, every Meryl Streep movie on dvd. That kinda stuff!
We had a great realtor who recommended a company and they've been great to work with!
Man, I would totally play a Lego NFL videogame!
Go Go Crippling Debt!!!
Oh after the warranty runs out, we won't be re-upping!
hm... I'm less optimistic now... But who knows!
I wasn't a big fan... It felt to me like a indie dev who was trying to make a AAA game and wasn't succeeding... Maybe I should have stuck with it?...
One of the precepts of the Christian God is that he is the One True God. * "Yahweh is God; there is no one else." 1 Kings 8:60 * "Yahweh, He is God in heaven above and on the earth below; there is no other." Deuteronomy 4:39 * This is eternal life, that they may know You, the only true God" John 17:3 * Now to the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only God" 1 Timothy 1:17 So the Christian God, by definition, couldn't exist with other Gods.
My vote is for Superbowl Monday. Come on America!
I don't know if it breaks the rules or not, but even if it does I hope the admins let you keep it up! I love going to redbubble and these designs are awesome!
Now that you say that, it is tradition for the outgoing president to prank the incoming, isn't it?...
As someone who is born, raised, and lives in oklahoma, I both love this place and hate the people in it... at least we gave the world Woody Guthrie!
Apparently you don't because you said "if you think that's what happens when they get sent back to Mexico" El Salvador is not Mexico. It's its own country. I'm starting to question if you're even Mexican....
What I was thinking too! That Xbox one is only going to work for about a week! lol
I'm very confused by what you're trying to say... which children's entertainment is doing this currently?... I wouldn't be surprised if it eventually happens, but as of right now there's no children's shows that I can think of.... and I think your thought about Zootopia is a non-starter. The two characters are obviously of opposite sex. It would be completely out of left field to draw parallels to homosexuality in it... like someone already said, the movie is a metaphor for racism. If any of the characters have a problem with the fox and the rabbit dating, it will be a critique on racism, not homophobia. I won't say you're worrying for NOTHING, because I dread the day (and hopefully it never happens) when I have to deal with this, but I do think you're jumping the gun. Also, a lot of it depends on the dialogue you have with your child too if it ever happens! Do they watch a show with a gay character? Ok, maybe sit them down and use it as a jumping off point to have a dialogue about homosexuality that is relatable to them.
Whoa whoa whoa whoa. Hold up. I'm hoping I just misunderstood you. Are you saying that interracial relationships are a moral evil on par with homosexuality?....
Hijacking your comment, but does anyone else hate that Rodgers sold out his championship belt celebration to State Farm?... Like, it was special because it's what he did when he was trying to raise all the other second string guy's spirits. Now it's just "the discount double check"...
"Donald Trump Preordered No Man's Sky" might have been my favorite
As a republican who thinks Rubio is one of our last good politicians, I'm very disappointed in this... I hope something changes...
Sorry if this is a stupid question, but if he's already voted, is there anything that can be done?... Edit: Just called and left a message for Rubio at his DC line
I should have been more clear in my statement. Basically what I mean is, can he take his vote back? Or once it's cast, is that it?
Fiscally, I'm more liberal, but socially I'm more conservative. Or maybe libertarian is more apt... I'm very pro-states rights. I'm more for small government, which the republican party is, or at least used to be... I'm pro-legalization of marijuana in all forms, I'm pro-life, I believe that civil unions should be available to everyone, even without romantic affiliation. Basically take the "marriage" term out of the government. This election cycle has definitely made me angry with how my party is at the moment, but I hold out hope that people like Rubio will become more prevalent in the republican party. I know he's done stupid shit, but he's also the only republican who has stood up to Trump in any meaningful way... EDIT: a word
I work in the medical field. I've seen how insurance companies can ruin people's lives... It reminds me of when Ford knew about the Bronco II's exploding gastanks, and decided it was more cost effective to just leave them on the market and if anyone was hurt, to just settle the case, then it was to recall them all...
Yeah, and abortion is one of the hardest things to be against, because it WOULD be so much easier if it wasn't a person, and a woman (especially in cases of rape) could say, "no, we're going to do this so that I won't have to live with the consequences of someone else's actions." But...I just can't say that that's not a human being in there... It's DAMN hard and it comes across as uncaring, but IF that is a human, then taking its life isn't justified, except for cases where the mother and/or babies lives are at stake...
Eh. That doesn't bother me too much then.
It's funny, I'm sure he hates Trump, hates Republicans, hates everything right of center, but his thought process, confirmation bias, and strawman arguments are on point with what Trump is
As far as the morning after pill goes, I'm torn... I can understand those who don't approve of abortion but who do approve of the morning after pill, because it's not stopping a beating hear (which is the medical definition of death). But I also understand the side that says you're stopping the inevitability of life, which is different from contraception... So I guess I still don't know when it comes to that... As far as child support, my view is that the father had just as much a hand in it as the mother did. As long as the man wasn't raped, he should have to assist with the raising of the child, at least financially if he is able to.
Interesting... Does science define life?... I always assumed it was when a heart started beating. So for instance, an adult can be 100% braindead, but still be alive because their heart is beating...
I saw that.... Fuck... I'm gonna call his listed numbers....
Oh wow! This is a great question that I haven't though about before! I'd have to give it a lot of thought before I gave a great answer, but I suppose the difference is that in one situation where you are refusing to donate, you aren't directly ending life... whereas in abortion you are... So for instance it's like how some people believe that you should be allowed to take someone off life support, because you aren't killing them. You're just letting them die. But euthanasia is one party preforming an action that directly results in the other party dying... Thoughts?...
Man, why did the photographer think this was a good pose?! Even IF Trump didn't want to bang his daughter, this is just such a weird pose for a photographer to be like "yup. that looks good"
Hey mom and dad! Let's watch this movie together! It was really good! *cue graphic sex scene I don't remember at all*
they do if they're posed like that!
Damn, u mad
I mean...go back and look at your first response.... Do you really think that's "leaving other people's beliefs alone"?... Sounds like you're being just as guilty of pushing your beliefs on other people...
* Step one: plan trip wherever you want to go. * Step two: look through the obituaries in the local papers there. * Step three: profit
Man, u R mad. And probably a little unhinged...
He's also an overly heavy handed, kind of a jerk mod. So there's that too lol.
Damn that's a pretty fascinating assessment
Wait.....do.....do you think Bill the Butcher is the hero in Gangs of New York?...
No, it's true. They even reference it in the movie Conspiracy. It's 1 o'clock in the morning and I'm going to bed, but there were definitely bloodthirsty Catholics who killed their Jewish brothers. And yes I know that there were many good Catholics in WWII who helped protect the Jews. Just like there are many good Muslims who help protect the innocent.
&gt; He felt that people ought to accept the consequences of their actions without complaint, even if those consequences were death. Which makes the ending, where he gets hit by the car, very interesting. He's this total force of nature, but even a force of nature is susceptible to the laws of chance. That lady running the stop sign and him flipping a coin are two sides of the same coin (hah).
As is your understanding of Catholic social teaching
Man, I just watched this movie like 3 days ago and I want to go watch it again!
The Catholic social teachings that you're pretending exist are fictitious, yes.
Here's another: https://i.redd.it/pb6cwpapn2by.jpg
Is it really? I don't watch any real arm wrestling but that looks like cheating to me... it isn't?
We ain't fingahPOPPIN eachothahs assholes!
Have fun! I love you!
Screw you dude! I was there too! Me and Tupac were sitting next to each other and we couldn't believe it!
You can't just ask for gold, son! You have to make it worth people's while! Like, you could have responded to the person above you "you got Reddit Silver?! All I've ever gotten was Reddit Bronze! :( "
Yeah, I wouldn't say it's anti-Catholic, because it's not making a statement against the church. It's definitely blasphemous though!
I can't tell if you're serious, but if you are, do you have a source for that?...
Critics also gave Spiderman 3 a better overall score then Watchmen. I don't trust critics, especially with comicbook movies.
Same thing with Madden... 2K was the BEST NFL game, then Madden bought out the NFL tag, and just make shit game after shit game and never innovate, and when they DO innovate, it's some weird shit that no one asked for like "Passer Vision" or whatever....
Stupid /u/spez!!! Censoring us yet again!!!
*Proceeds to give Robert California his jacket* Ryan, you're a real piece of work.
We're allowed to joke here?...
Yeah, I'll never understand the adulation for Carlin's later stuff... He became a crazy old man who was more ranter then comedian, and just put up nothing but strawman arguments...
I always wish she had more success then she's had...
Who is she in Brooklyn 99?...
Ok, so a few questions; are you going outside the US, or just inside? - If outside the US, Florence is probably my favorite place in the whole damn world. Beautiful city. Architecture is magnificent and some of the best artwork is there (The David is in Florence). Soccer matches are fun to watch, there's great bars there (I think you can drink at 17 there?...), and on the weekends, all the vendors bring their carts out in the city and it's just a ton of fun to walk around. Also, you HAVE to go to The Yellow Bar. It's a restaurant and it's SO good! Get the shrimp gnocchi. - If you're staying INSIDE the US, there's a few different options depending on what you like. : I know you said you've spent your life on the east coast, but if you haven't been to NYC, you really should go if you like business, always something to do excitement. : If you're outdoorsy, I would strongly suggest either Montana or Washington. Both have great fishing, beautiful national parks, and great hunting. If you prefer a "not a soul for miles," go to Montana. Otherwise, go to Washington, and specifically the Seattle area. You still get beautiful nature, but also get an awesome city to get lost in too. And try the lobster at one of the restaurants on the pier. It's fantastic! : If you're into the beach, LA is great, and I'd strongly suggest spending at LEAST a day at Disneyland! I'm 27 (was 26 when I went), and it's honestly one of my top 3 favorite days. When I'm having a shit day at work, I daydream about Disneyland lol. And then you can go to the beach which is about an hour-ish away and do whatever! : If you like music, you could try Austin TX, but in all honesty, I don't know how many places you'll be able to get into... I'd do a lot of research before going there as a minor... : If you like BBQ and jazz, Memphis is really great. I think you said you're from Carolina? If so, you might really like to see how different Midwest BBQ is from East Coast BBQ! And the jazz there is great! Now, if you like the BBQ but prefer country, I'd suggest Nashville. And if you like the jazz but prefer Cajun food (my personal favorite food), go to New Orleans. And you have to trust me here; get the alligator! Alligator is some of the best food I've ever had! There's a lot of culture there, a lot of great food, a lot of great music. It's a fun city. Anyway, that's what I can think of off the top of my head! Feel free to ask any questions if I can help in any way! My now-wife and I did a lot of traveling before we got married, and I always like talking about my travels! (We spent a lot of time in Europe! If Italy isn't your thing, I know plenty of other places! lol)
That's called "damage control"
I hate the two party system... As if anyone's belief system can be quantified into two camps.
&gt; In a perfect world 2/3 or 3/3 would be PoC, as far as I'm concerned "All people were created equal. Some are just more equal then others," huh?
Exactly. If the alt-right was super pissed off that not ENOUGH characters were white, should the brothers fall all over themselves apologizing again to everyone?
Completely agree. I don't know, man... I was hoping that either Justin or Travis would DM after Griffin is done, but after this, as well as the arc we're currently in (I'm just not feeling the Powered by the Apocalypse system or the prequel thing), I think TAZ just needs to be done...
In terms of diversity? Yes that's what I'm saying. If you find yourself tweeting at an author/director/playwright/whatever saying "ya know, your main character really should have been a (fill in the blank gender/race) instead of a (fill in the blank gender/race)", you need to reevaluate your life. Now, if you're critiquing characterization, that's one thing. But when you basically inform an artist that they need to carry one agenda or another, you're wrong.
People see a statue with long hair and a beard and assume it's Jesus.... SMH heathens....
Honestly, I don't give a shit about defending the McElroys. I lost a lot of respect for them after they apologized to everyone for everything. And if you were offended by Takko being a blue elf, then yes, you're easily offended. Hate to break it to you.
You really don't see a difference between an editor and the tumblr crowd telling an artist what to do?... Those two things really seem the same to you?...
Oooo I like the ammo capacity one! What if instead of having to sneak up and literally pickpocket them, if the Doomfist had a magnet that sucked out the ammo?
Good god, dude... So if a director of cinematography tells a director "I think we should position the camera from this angle," that's the same as what is happening with the McElroys?... You really don't see a difference?... You're being fucking ridiculous.
Yeah I know. But from an aesthetic standpoint.
The term outside pressure, in the way I'm using it, implies fan-manipulation. Which is the entire fucking point of the issue. I can't tell if you just know you're wrong at this point, so you're stalling, or what. But we've already established that there is a large difference between an editor critiquing a work and a fan throwing a fit because of a design choice. That is the issue.
I don't really agree with that... I think the idea that Dr. Manhattan did it solves nothing... Consider this; if an American nuclear sub goes AWOL and nukes Moscow and NYC, I don't think Russia's reaction would be "well, it wasn't your fault, America" especially during the Cold War. I do think it was the best option for the movie, but in the comic I thought they did a really good job slow building to the alien attack with the artist and all that...
Yeah, I know! Academically it makes sense, but from a Cold War, "us vs. them" standpoint, it feels unrealistic to me...
But again, you're ignoring the issue of outside pressure! Are you ok with fans pressuring artists to change their art? Because I can give you a fuckin LIST of artists who aren't ok with it
"Ok, hear me out guys: I think we should change the main character's name from Spike to Malcolm. And I think instead of a bounty hunter he should be a smuggler. And maybe Jet and Faye are married. And what if Ed was way more quiet and had a brother who was like her caregiver? OH! And maybe the Bebop could have like a big glowing bulb thing on the back! Hmmm maybe we should change the name... What would we change it to?..." "Firefly?..." "That's perfect! And" "No, Joss. Firefly. This is just Firefly. You're just wanting to remake Firefly." "....is that so wrong?..."
That's a fair point actually. I think a big part is that most of Batman's villains are a reflection of what he would have been if he went bad. Riddler is what Batman would be if he used his intellect for evil. Penguin is his wealth used for evil. Two Face is his sense of justice. Joker is just Batman's darkest timeline. He is the ape of Batman. Smart, capable, and driven, but in an anarchistic way.
If your only goal when you write/direct/whatever is to not offend anyone, your art is going to be shit
That explanation is pretty lacking... I'd ask that you think about that more, and see why the feelings of one people seemingly are more important than another. I'll take it a step further: should Marilyn Manson apologize and change his act because he wore a miter, which is a catholic vestment?... Because now we're talking about someone's specific religion. Not just their morals. And if we want to REALLY twist it up, we can throw in the Hispanic ethnicity, which has Catholicism as a core facet. Now you have a person of color whose ethnicity and religion is being disrespected by a rock musician. What should Manson do?
But the point I'm making is who are we ok with offending, and who are we not ok with offending?... Even if one person is offended, that's still a person's feelings.
The point I'm making (which I think you know. I think you're just being purposefully ignorant) is that "I'm offended" is not the same as "I'm right," and that no matter what you write/produce, there will ALWAYS, no matter how much of a minority, be someone who is offended by it. So what artists SHOULD do, rather then think "oh man! I hope this book/movie/whatever doesn't offend anyone!!" is produce something real. Something they want to produce. And if that's offends some people, fine. But an artist who allows their fans to change what they produce isn't much of an artist. And before you say jack shit else, there's plenty of authors who feel the same way I do.
You're right, I do think that is offensive. But there's no internet database to say if something is deservedly offensive or not. That's why I believe it's an artist's duty to be true to themselves and no one else. Full stop. Because no matter what you produce, there will always be someone who is offended, even if it's just one person. And I think it's an audiences job to consume what they like, disregard what they don't, and move on. Honestly, the more I think about it, the more I'm realizing that I'm more mad at the McElroys then the fans. Tumblr and twitter is always going to be shitty. The McElroys just decided to play in the shit.
Generally there are people in the artist's life who they trust who help them grow. Editors help guide a writer's book. Cinematographers, costume designers, etc all help a directors vision for a movie, producers help a musician find the sound they're listening to. But those are people they trust. But when you put your trust in the masses, then you're going to just eventually produce a product that isn't very good, or is so boring that you won't have to worry about offending anyone, because you'll be out of a job.
The last arc has been baaad. Too long, going to Powered by the Apocalypse feels out of place, and it's just not interesting... MBMBAM is still great though. Anyway, the point is that for an artist to be successful, they have to have an ability to realize that everything they make is going to offend someone. And apologizing for one of your main characters explicitly because the audience told you to (remember, none of this came about until twitter and tumblr blew up) isn't good form. And your rambling about "what would that prove?" Yeah. That's cause you aren't gonna fucking find an artist who says "if you offend anyone with any of your art, you've done something wrong." So instead of acknowledging that, you just tried to distract from that fact and instead attacked my ability to debate.
Yeah now we get into "what is art?" Like, is Michael Bay art?...(he seems like the epitome of "crowd pleasing, safe, nothing to say" movies) and if he is, is that the level of art that the McElroys are aspiring to? Because that just seems sad to me...
&gt; Also yes, like the others said, he's gay. I'm not sure if that's canon... isn't there a part where Justin says that Taako's sexual orientation is "nobodies goddamn business but Taako's"?....
Ah maybe that's what I'm thinking of. I don't remember him saying "because I'm gay," so I always just assumed it was more of a "we won't say one way or another" thing
You know what, you're right. And I do apologize. I shouldn't have called you an idiot. I still think you're wrong, and I still think you're purposefully trying to not acknowledge the concepts I'm trying to present, but I shouldn't have insulted you. I sincerely apologize.
Yeah you may be right. 2003, the church was, if nothing else, appreciated from a thematic element...
RIDE WITH ME TO THE PEARLY GATES MY BROTHERS!!! ALL SHINEY AND GOLD!!!!
Yeah, when you look at what the work "punk" means, it's the ideology that the world is fucked up, so take care of you and yours. That doesn't leave much room for a "save the world" story...
Well, everyone's saying Breaking Bad, but I'm gonna have to go Black Mirror. I think Breaking Bad can be watched today, tomorrow, or 5 years from now and still be relevant. I'm not saying Black Mirrors WON'T be, but it's very relevant in this day and age.
Bad team &gt; no team
My guess is because it's easier to get a hit that way...
There is no vacation for us...there is only work...
Yeah that's a good point... I have no idea then... Is it a time thing, maybe?... Is melee considerably quicker then shuriken?...
Yeah, sounds like the shuriken is just the best option...
/r/NBA is the most bipolar fuckin subreddit, I swear. Can't we all just consistently hate the warriors and Durant and consistently like LeBron and the Cavs?! Jesus!
Oh I already jumped in and got ranked at 2225...
The cavalry is queer, you fool!
Hard pass...
A lot of times I'll throw my discord and I can't tell who it hit lol
Awesome! Yeah I get the feeling that Zen isn't given enough of a chance by people.
I really love this! The art style looks like a children's book in all the best ways! This seriously might be my favorite picture of them!
FUCK YOU, GS!!!
It's been the best part of his podcast for the past two or three weeks!
Cry about it some more
Hey man, at least you tried.
I think people said that about being down 3-1 last year too....
What does not having tourist sites have to do with being a fun city?...
TIL only fat people fart
Oh you mean Jared?
Because you don't understand jokes...
Dude, NO ONE liked your joke lol. Sometimes, you just tell a bad joke! It's ok!
I love that Bird, the man who Durant said he modeled his play after, even called him out for his shit. That's GOTTA sting. People can say "Durant doesn't care what the fans think" and that may or may not be true, but there's no way in hell he isn't bothered by being called out by Bird.
[Relevant King of the Hill](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/b3/92/56/b39256ac8394b33c4577b0b7e0f1b330.jpg)
Creed Quest List: * Pick up fish heads from Asian grocery store. * Meet that guy behind Droppler Milton office building for the thing (I think his name is Slacks) * Buy roller skates. * Jam session with Slacks. * Pick up pet fish from Scranton Pond. * Drop off fish at Asian grocery store. * Return roller skates.
Not OP, and I'm a Thunder fan, but I hate Draymond Green because he's a dirty player. I hate Klay because he pouted and walked off the court after the Cavs won last year, and this was after calling people out for doing just that, I hate Steph's wife cause she can't stay off Twitter to save her life, I hate Durant because he's a bitch who took the easiest possible rout to a championship. I hate the fans who constantly talk shit not only about how much better their team is, but how much of a "fuckin shithole" OKC is even though they've never been there. There's a LOT to hate about the Warriors, my dude.
Yes
Oh cool! Thanks for the info!
You hate Smash?! What?!?
Username checks out lol. Powerstone was rad as hell though!
So they turn you into a vampire instead, right? I don't know much about Romania other then that Dracula comes from there.
I feel like she's gotten MORE attractive! Is it just me?...
That's awesome, man! I wish I just liked what I liked and said "screw it" to everyone who didn't approve when I was your age! I'd probably be a lot more of a creative person today if I did that! :)
Need for Speed.....p..Payback......?
Me and Common on common ground
It was such a bad idea... why do I care that Magnus is spending time putting a robot arm on a ship?... It doesn't matter what they do, because this is a prequel.
*pst that doesn't rhyme*
Republic Commando
I know just a very little bit about rugby. Was this close to being a high-tackle, or not really?
I'm just so damn sad they didn't make a new one... Sev needs me!!!
A warrior god regulated to simple toys and computer protection... Disgraceful....
Agreed. I've only been to Disneyland once, but it's the only ride we went on twice!
That's awesome, man! I have a kid now, so I won't be going back for at least ten years lol.
Username checks out!
Absolutely! And it will be something you never forget! It's been like 6 years since I was at the Chiefs and I still remember everything so vividly!
Oh I'll definitely be checking out your history! Thank you!
This sub has taken a turn since DAMN. came out. I dig.
That's a fair point. I just feel like saying "never go to bed angry" is very misleading and can lead to a lot of pain.
I was thinking [David Tennant](http://www.cultbox.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/tumblr_m2pix7IHnn1qc6xeao1_1280.jpg)
Next E3?! Man that'd be great!!!
I need to watch that show.... Is it good?
I'd be ok if it was an enemy encounter, but again, a very rare one. Like the equivalent of a 5 star wanted level on GTA
Awesome! I love the actor they got. I remember him in The Pacific and he was always such an unnerving character.
Was there ever any news as to why that happened? I always heard that Microsoft was making ridiculous demands
Speed Racer is really underrated. It deserves more love then it got.
Honestly, I don't think people here can even pick out a Jewish person!
Sorry, just got back from shitting in my neighbors yard. What did I miss?
Ok just wondering. I'm always genuinely curious about how outsiders view the "flyover states"
So I'm from Oklahoma, so I'm definitely partial to Tulsa. Downtown Tulsa has a TON of great bars now. OKC is fun too, but I'm not as familiar with it. I just like Bricktown a lot. I was actually just at a Kanye West meets Metal Gear Solid art show in OKC last night called 808's and Solid Snake. Kansas City is fun. There's great BBQ (Gates is my favorite) and the Power And Light district is a lot of fun. Omaha Nebraska is a lot of fun too. There's a surprisingly good art scene there. Memphis Tennessee is one of my favorite cities too. I'm not sure if it's a flyover, but damn it's a great city! I definitely love LA, Seattle, Orlando etc. too, but there's a lot that the rest of the country have to offer too!
The Players Tribune article begs to differ
I didn't say it did. Just that he started this by not telling his teammates, by talking about leaving while he was in the playoffs with the team they were playing, and by fucking up the league for the next 4 years or so
You could make the same statement about it being a personal choice to not see the movie opening weekend, so you should stay off the sub if you don't want spoilers, right?...
Yeah but those are the vast minority. I'd say 99% of the world has yet to see this movie...
It's definitely not perfect, but if I saw a big red SPOILER on the post, I would have had a better chance to look away lol
Grow Home was really fun, so Grow Up should be good too!
Definitely give Grow Up a chance! I played Grow Home and it was really good
A truly good troll can always be found heavily downvoted
Hmmmm I'm not sure if I agree with that.. I think *most* would imply over 50% though!
I just wanna play Cyberpunk, man.... :(
Why do you say that?
😃👍
I'm not saying you have to believe it (even though it is pretty historically factual). I'm just saying that when Christ said that Peter was the rock he would build his church on, that was the biblical institution of the papacy.
Yeah that's a fair point... they don't mention him by name, but the institution is definitely established.
Definitely! There's nowhere you can't get to in Tulsa in 30 minutes or less. I love it!
[Humph!](https://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11114/111144451/3950863-7664328120-Hmph..png) Not me!
