Checked the account history on several of those posts. not one over a year old, but interestingly enough the highest upvoted one has posted to /r/gonewild often. That must be a fun day at the office.
Except for real firefights are nothing like that.
Probably something along the lines of "Well it's your job, I delegated to you, so take care of it"
Where do you go that gives Jim Bean citywide for $3? You must be going to one of the fancy $5 bars. Usually the $3 bars are like Old Grandad and what ever beer they can find that is cheaper than PBR.
I'm ok with the FBI having planes. I can see lots of scenarios where it's useful. I don't understand the secrecy outside of a sting operation?
Oh that's right that hotel incident. Probably nothing will happen then other than a small sound bite on the CNN. Everyone has moved on so I doubt anyone cares about OJ.
There is a big difference between anti-vaxers and anti-GMO's in my mind. Vaxers have a huge amount of studies and clinical research to show that they are safe over the years. We can definitively prove that over 20 years vaccines are safe and effective with no long term side effects. They chose to willfully ignore scientific evidence. GMO's do not have that same body of research behind them and there are still huge gaps in our knowledge of genetics and how DNA is actually expressed in the cell. What they are doing is changing the geneotype of an organism, we do not know all the details of how that changes the phenotype of the cell. For example, what if a random mutation to a gene three chromosomes over changes the protein expression of our modified gene and suddenly what was a healthy cell is now producing a mild toxin. It may only have a 0.0001% chance of happening, but it's still something we should identify from a scientific standpoint. The problem is we have a general lack of scientific evidence from independent sources. Essentially anyone really educated in the area should see that GMO's are *probably* safe, but we just don't have the volumes of scientific data to back that up. Also, if you look into the funding climate for this research, their is a huge squeeze in public funding for GMO's and because of the anti-GMO lobby the cost associated with research is going up. So now the only people who can afford to do the research are the ones creating the organisms in the first place. **That** is why I'm nervous about GMO's. We need ongoing continual research into the long term effects of GMO's on the public health. The funding should come from public entities so that we have unbiased research into the long term health. Currently the only people who are doing the studies to say it's safe are the corporations who are creating these, and they do not have an incentive to continue research on the long term effects. Odds are it's safe, but we need continual research to ensure it's safe over the long road. The last thing we want is to find out 50 years later that Asbestos actually does cause cancer. The anti-GMO lobby took these legitimate scientific concerns and just ran with it...but the reality is there is some truth to their underlining concerns even if they can't express it. tl;dr: It's not the GMO's themselves, it's the funding climate around the scientific research into GMO's.
Honestly, it's probably a just google thing. Most likely the relevant articles use present tense and are indexed as "improves". It's not really correcting your grammar, but noticing that relevant articles use a different phrasing so when your results turned up so low they offer another suggestion to improve your results. It's kind of like how when you google "Jew" for a long time the top link was to an anti-semite website.
Found this [gem](http://i.imgur.com/qlBxfDi.jpg) in his comment history (NSFW).
Just to suggest /r/hvac may be able to help.
Learn from my experience....always wear gloves when dealing with spray foam.
And a lot of people calling him out for it too.
If we could trade him for a 7th rounder I think they would. His contract makes him currently untradeable.
Honestly, I don't think the ban would stand long for just violence. It would probably follow the same path as most other attempts to ban 'violent video games'. It makes a big splash in the news, a few politicians get on the popular side of the issue and push through a few laws that then eventually either gets thrown out in court or eventually becomes meaningless. Really, most games and game companies would just continue on as usual. Now if they made "GTA: Sexual Preditor" you might have some real repercussions, but I don't see that happening for just violence.
Which doesn't work in the long run because it eventually turns into stop and frisk laws.
Doesn't have to be justice worthy to be a good read :). Sucks you didn't get your back rent, but courts tend to side with the tenants a lot for some reason. Just be glad they are gone and move on.
But several of the links are missing. The first one I noticed was bleedinggreennation.
&gt; And this is one of the reasons why people of all colors, especially white, don't want African Americans around them in the workplace. They are always seeking out racists, or anyone else who "dissed" them, and turn them into racists. So you don't want to work with black people because you are worried they make take offense to things you say? Hmm...I wonder why.
First sentence of the ~~article~~blog post: &gt; ...sometimes police brutality is justified Stopped right there. That's not 'poorly worded'...that's just a bad mentality. Went ahead and read the post. That's a whole lot of justification on why the police were called in the first place. No one is arguing that the crowd shouldn't have been their or the police shouldn't have been called, that's not what is at issue here. The post is trying to get me to be angry at the teens so I would look more favorably on the officers actions. The cops were called to deescalate the situation. We can argue the minutia on if he was justified in pulling his gun, or other specific action....but really that is irrelevant to the fundamental point. That officer lost his cool, acted unprofessional, and should be punished accordingly. That could be a slap on the wrist, or being outright fired....that is really up to his department to decide. Edit: words
I wouldn't...just comes off as passive aggressive which you never want to be towards your staff.
&gt; There is no minutia, someone steps to you aggressively, you react. The gun pull is just the focal point of the entire encounter, and when it comes to officer safety I'll give him the benefit of the doubt. During the entire portion that was caught on video I didn't see him do anything *illegal*, but that doesn't mean he made the right decision. &gt; Also, would you care to explain how you arrest and entire block of near rioting teenagers, fleeing suspects, and violent malcontents by your self, using an inside voice and kind words? Near rioting? Vilolent malcontents? Hyperbole much? Why don't we ask the other **11** cops who responded and didn't get filmed. By all accounts of those who were there, this was the only guy running around like that.
Take her to city hall and dump her in Mosby's office so they can experience first hand what not having good mental health services for your citizens looks like.
Put pressure on your Union to advocate for real mental health services for your community. It sounds like you are just as frustrated at a broken system as everyone else. I don't think it's fair that you have to clean up the mess and then take the blame when that girl doesn't get the help she needs.
Ahh...the golden triangle. Gotta love it.
/r/withrice
I grew up in ~~Texaco~~Beaumont.
"Why can't he feel my beatings of justice".....ROFL
Hence the "worth it to fix" comment? lol Sorry to tell you dude, your probably screwed.
That doesn't sound unreasonable. PEX materials are cheap, but running the lines can be a PITA with drywall already up. A lot of it depends on the layout of your house. You can ask him to take the wall patches off the quote to save a little money. 2k for a main line sounds about right depending on how far it is and how deep they have to dig. Just because you replace your water lines does not mean you are required to replace the drain. If it's not backing up or leaking you probably don't have to do anything, but if you are that worried about it get a plumber to run a camera through your trap to take a look.
Agree, this sounds like the lazy way out.
I don't think he's a malcontent. Just has a very aggressive agent and Chip doesn't play that game.
Who are we trying to protect, the kids, or the companies who have contracts with the state.
This post feels like your trying to start a circlejerk about grammar. Therefor I thought I will add another meaningless comment that will probably only be seen by 5 people.
Don't judge by that alone. Things like caffeine will make your kidneys work harder and your urine may be clear but your actually dehydrated. Drink a glass of water after every coke/coffee/caffeinated beverage and make sure to drink a least a liter a day on top of that.
My first thought was probably along the lines of what you were thinking. **UNTIL** they called an ambulance and the driver did not stop for the ambulance. I mean really we have a medical emergency that requires 911 and the driver keeps on going? Assuming everything is accurate that is a POS driver.
If your a real pro in south-philly parking you'll learn the PPA schedules and move your car before their shift starts.
You know I was going to dismiss this at first, but after reading what he actually said he might have a point. At least it's food for thought.
Atoms, given enough time, will eventually ponder the meaning of their existence.
Read the books...there are still things coming that provide plenty of oh shit moments. Assuming the series doesn't fuck it up too bad or they change the plot massively.
So we farm from the Texans, use them for a while, and give them to the Colts when we are done. I'm actually OK with that.
Amtrak shows trains that take 1-1.5 hours.
Septa, I'm only a couple of stops away, usually 10 minuets if I hit the train right.
FYI, my wife has a couple of people is in her lab at Temple that commute in from NY.
Didn't know that, will avoid the ripoff. Thanks!
Good luck and hope everything works out. Any thoughts on getting some private coaches to help with your game?
I didn't really consider the weather. Good point thanks.
What did you do to piss of Jordan Matthews that he wanted to kill you?
No because giving to panhandlers just contributes to the problem. If you really want to do something for the homeless then donate to a homeless shelter, food kitchen or a thrift shop charity. Doing that will go much further than giving to someone on the side of the street, and you will know for sure that it's going exactly where it's needed and not a drug habit.
Fair enough. Marie Curie is my usual go-to woman for science/tech but she's French and this was American. Earhart was the first one who I could think of that had some name recognition. Margret Knight is probably a better example but not as well known. I also have a personal favorite in Hedy Lamarr, as her invention eventually lead to cell phone technology and radio encryption, but I don't think it could meet the criteria.
huh? *scratches head*. I think we need pics.
That's more of a list of the top 18 most mentioned players. Everyone is replaceable.
It annoys me to no end that a large part of the green lobby wants to demonize nuclear. Wind/solar can play a huge part in a clean energy grid, but you have to have some sort of stable base load in order to keep the grid working. Wind and Solar just aren't technologically able to get there yet, our hydro/geothermal is pretty much all tapped out and tidal is still in it's infancy. As long as the uranium is mined in a responsible manner nuclear, and we have the political will to actually solve our waste problem nuclear is the perfect clean energy solution to provide the baseline load we need. The only thing that should take nuclear off the table is if they managed to get room temperature superconductors to work.
I know, this got wedged between a couple of /r/news threads and I panicked. Needless to say, this would be very very bad. Would absolutely spark a regional war, and depending on Western interventions maybe even spark WW3.
Good ownership, big market, franchise QB already in place. Personally I think NY would be over the Colts.
Because [insert over simplified reason here].
They will rally a half dozen people to their cause and call it success.
You also need to count in how much the cap is going to go up this year. We should have enough room to pay Bradford and keep a few of our nice toys. A lot of it is going to depend on what our new DC will do. I have a suspicion that Curry might be on the chopping block.
My concern quickly vanishes once I realized this is just a letter from a congressman trying to stir shit up with no facts to base them on.
He might not be subscribed to /r/worstof. I don't think you were being intentional, but I kind of see his point. Saying "They aren't my type" vs. "They aren't my type because they are black" has two different connotation and could be construed as racist(at least for internet text where body language/context isn't available).
To the writers who are trolling this sub for content. I have Sirius and will never look back. Also, fuck off and do some real journalism.
First amendment only covers legal issues. It doesn't cover employment issues. If you called your boss a fucking idiot to his face you wouldn't go to jail, but you would get fired. Being a tenured professor it's a little trickier because tenure is supposed to protect you from having opinions counter to popular opinion. However, it's not a blanket protection and can still result in you getting fired, but a loophole just gets the job done faster.
Fortunately math and physics are both universal. If we were to find an intelligent life forms arithmetic and universal constants can be used to relay basic messages. The Voyager probe included a stellar map that any space fairing civilization would be able to read and know it's origin.
Something about all this just doesn't smell right.
Wish we could do that in the US. Westborough Baptist Church would be first on my list.
He would get impeached before it got to that point. That's significantly worse than the things Nixon did. Unless you catch them red handed with a suicide vest on this isn't going to happen. Edit: He would also lose all his democratic support. A president knows better than to use a government agency to investigate his political enemies. That would just turn us into USSR - North America.
This gives me hope.
If your going to do that at least fucking signal your intentions. Fastest way to cause a wreck.
Something tells me this will get enshrined in lyrics for his next song.
See the way his arm straitened out after the hit. That's the fencer reflex.
I think the idea is at some point it will correct itself and millennials will get the economic power currently being hoarded by the boomers. When that happens we can expect a surge in home prices, because their are so damn many of them.
Schefter speculation is not the same as Schefter reporting. His guess is as good as any's at this point.
This is one of this situations where I can't blame the cops. That father is to blame, not the cop.
The difference is we have a reason to be in the Persian gulf Iran. Iran Navy doesn't really have much reason to be near the US.
A 5 day old sub. This is clearly a hate sub that just cropped up and the admins haven't shut it down yet.
They did some solid reporting once in a while. They were biased in that they could be more critical of the US than some of the Rah Rah Rah reporting US news outlets do. In the end though, I think they were doomed to fail because Americans don't like foreigners pointing out flaws in our country for us.
Former military member here. I cringe when ever someone tells me I'm a hero. I cringe even more when someone calls themselves a hero.
I feel completely neutral about this. It seems like the safe choice and they want to go back to a Reid era #culture which worked so well for the team and the city. That being said, I'm curious to see the coach team they are going to assemble and how training camp works.
The culture in Chicago is different than the culture in South. Why is it so hard to accept that a couple of individuals aren't representative of the entire population?
If only she had a gun to protect herself. edit: /s if it wasn't obvious
Something tells me this is actually someone who is pro-Cruz trying to get out in front of the argument and settle it in court before it becomes an issue. But that may just be my tin foil hat talking.
Is there any reason you wouldn't want that possession to look like a touchdown?
I got the exact same one. First thing that went on the walls when we moved to Texas.
Unless that gate includes a 24/7 guard shack /w employee's he's lying too you.
I'm just surprised a city contractor has a Lamborghini. What kind of cushy contracts does he have?
Don't knock all of Texas politics. LBJ was from Texas.
I don't get it. You have the culprits right there with police standing buy. You know they broke federal laws and have the authority and **duty** to arrest them. Why let them walk away from the meeting? Those cops just let a known criminal walk away. How is that not dereliction of duty?
It looks like others have jumped on this thread. I'm not going to bandwagon on their post and instead just start my own. I'll say my wife actually is a Phd in Neuroscience and works in addiction research so while I may not be an expert myself it's impossible for me not to be very familiar with the subject. I will start by saying that I agree most pro-legalization arguments tend to gloss over the side effects on their path to legalization. There are dangers and risks, especially for heavy chronic use...but I believe that you are overstating them and that it's no riskier than things that are currently legal. &gt; 1a.) Marijuana is addictive, contrary to popular belief. Yes, you are absolutely correct. THC can be addictive especially if used in adolescence. Biochemically addiction is addiction and there isn't much difference between addiction to heroin, alcohol, gambling and addiction to THC. However, it's important to point out that THC doesn't directly activate the addiction pathways like say Cocaine or Tobacco. Therefor when someone says weed isn't addictive, they can be both correct and wrong at the same time. **The more appropriate thing to say would be that weed isn't any more addictive than other legally available substances.** Unfortunately, that's a little too much nuance for a political statement so instead "weed isn't addictive" is what people go with. &gt; 1b.) Lives have been destroyed by the previously stated addiction, without the involvement of legal issues. Agree, addiction destroys lives. However, you are using humans as an example who are more complex than simply blaming one item on their problems. The individuals you mentioned may have underlining issues like depression that they are self medicating with weed. There isn't much difference between addiction to alcohol to curb depression than addiction to THC. I absolutely agree we should have a focus on mental health for *all* addictions. At least you are consistent that if we keep marijuana illegal we should also make alcohol/tobacco illegal, but I disagree that a general mental health arguments should be linked to a legal policy of prohibition. &gt; 2.) Extremely slow cognitive function Unfortunately we don't have a lot of studies on the long term effects of THC because the schedule 1 classification of THC makes it very difficult to actually study. The intelligence argument is kind of tough to make. A better argument to make your case would be that long term chronic use of THC has a negative effect on short term memory. So yes, anyone who says there isn't long term side effects to chronic abuse of marijuana isn't telling the truth. However, if we are going to make that statement then it's also important to ensure we are dealing with *chronic* use which doesn't necessarily relate to general recreational use. However, once again from a legal policy standpoint it's hard to argue that these side effects are any worse than other legally allowed substances. Long term alcohol use leads to psoriasis and long term tobacco use leads to cancer. Yet both of those other substances are legally allowed to be abused. Once again, a more appropriate pro-legalization point would be the long term effects of marijuana are no worse than other legally allowed substances. &gt; I think our discussion of whether we should or should not legalize marijuana (recreational usage) is being talked about incorrectly. I don't think the current discussions are necessarily incorrect, but the nuances of the debate are generally lost in our sound bite media and typical pro-legalization person. The points you raise are good ones, but I don't believe they support continued prohibition. I'll see if I can answer your questions: &gt; Is it ethical to allow an easier access to marijuana for anyone (over the limitation, which I believe is usually 21+) I would say it's just as ethical to allow marijuana as it is to allow alcohol. It's pretty much universally agreed that you should be 21+ to legally purchase weed for good reasons. The counter argument is that if it became more readily available that kids would have easier access to weed and therefor be more likely to abuse it. This assumes, however, that weed isn't already available to kids just in school which is a naive standpoint, and examination of the data in Colorado showed that their hasn't been an increase in underage smoking. &gt; If we DO legalize marijuana for recreational use, can we put up safe-guards to minimize addiction and destructive behavior from happening? Yes, the same way we have safe-guards in place for tobacco and alcohol. &gt; If we DO NOT legalize marijuana for recreational use, when can we start discussing alcoholism,how rampant it is in Houston, and discover a potential fix to not only minimalism the amount of alcoholism that exists, but providing help to people trying to escape what they consider to be a harsh reality? I would LOVE to see us talking about more mental health assistance including addiction treatment. However, I have a hard time linking a general mental health debate to prohibition of a substance. We can't treat mental health through prohibition. I see where you are coming from with your points, but I think your inappropriately linking prohibition to mental health.
How well insulated is your house? When I was in DC I saw a lot of houses that didn't have good insulation in the attic/roof and all the heat escaped. Played hell you your heating bill, but it did help melt the snow off the roof.
Here's hoping he stays an Eagle for a long tome to come!
&gt; Georgia law allows police officers to be present during grand jury proceedings when they are accused of crimes in the course of their official duties and to make a statement at the end of the proceedings that the prosecution cannot question or challenge. Can I just say how fucked up that is? The entire grand jury system needs a massive overhaul.
In middle school...being a general nerd and social outcast. Moved from a very nice elementary school to a new city and middle school that had a gang problem where I knew no one and was already shy. In high school....being the poor kid. Parent's realized public school wasn't working and since we were active in the Church I was able to get a 'scholarship' to the Catholic high school...which happened to also be the only private high school in the city. So most kids I went to school with weren't really religious and were their because their rich parents could afford tuition. Wasn't really bullied(although my voice was always very tennor so I got a bunch of gay jokes but I always chalked that up to normal high school stuff), so much as left out of all the socializing with my peers. Fortunately things got much better. Once I joined the army, gained some confidence and started a great career with an amazing wife. Most kids I went to high school peaked and have done nothing with their lives, or are just working for daddy's business. But it's still irritating to me is that some of those kids will end up being considered 'successful' because they will make a lot of money, but all from working for their parents.
I don't know what I expected in the comments. Perhaps an interesting discussion on how 'blackness'is just as much of a cultural construct as it is about skin color? Instead we got some serious racism going on.
Isn't their a rule about not using the ref as a pick?
I bet this ends up being one of those things where we actually do resign Bradford and Eskin goes "See I called it, I'm an *insider*". The dude has no credibility.
That's a funny idea. Your literally going to be safer drinking aquarium water rather than tap.
I feel like once /pol figure out they could influence Reddit the racists trolls have migrated here and took over.
Awesome news. Say what you want about Chips coaching ability, but this focus on sports science was innovative. The rest of the league may have caught up to some extent, but this is something that we should really 'own' as an organization.
Banner is right in some regards. With the salary cap increases every year this contract will go from top 5 to bottom half in 3 years. However, sometimes it's more important to be in a situation where you know you can be successful long term rather than chasing the money. I think that's what Ertz is after. He knows he's getting paid but more importantly this keeps him in a stable organization where his job is not at risk.
The Iraq war really screwed us over in Afghanistan. We could have finished the job and did it right, but instead the entire focus of the middle east shifted to a false war. And yet we still have no strategy in order to actually finish the job. Rotating units out year after year ensures that we have no institutional knowledge on the ground to 'win the hearts and minds'.
Their are defiantly a bunch of Orwellian scenarios I can think of that a system like this can be used to abuse our rights. I don't think it's likely at first, but history shows once money becomes involved it's only a matter of time before it is abused. Just like small town speed traps, traffic camera contracts, and ticket quotas there are current examples where technology is being abused because of $$. This will just end up being another vector that civil liberties groups have to watch out for. However, the more disturbing thing is that the data collected from these readers becomes the property of the vendor. Advertisers and marketers will now have even more access about you and your habits...which is disturbing if you really think about it.
Because these Trolls know to ask for *just* enough that it makes fighting the patent way more expensive than just paying up. Most big companies would rather pay a pittance as 'cost of buisness' rather than get involved in a costly lengthy legal battle that they may not even win.
I've redone three kitchens with Ikea cabinets now. It's solid stuff and holds up well, but it's not immune to abuse. Although, judging from your post these are just cheaply made so I doubt it's going to be a problem for you. I use Ikea with confidence. It's just as good or better than what you will find at box stores.
You could probably get by just keeping an eye on it for a while. If their is already rust and hole it's just going to get worse, but that doesn't mean it needs to be done immediately. If the chimney is brick a trickle of water won't cause that much damage. My parents finally replaced theirs after the holes got big enough for a bird to make a nest in their.
Your on the right path, those are some huge gaps in the door. Looks like the current weather stripping is all torn up and basically gone. I'd just start with that before moving on to more drastic measures.
I hope your joking? Taliban != Al Qaeda.
It would be nice to be able to ride the bus all the way from Galveston to downtown. One can only dream....
As someone thinking about adoption posts like these make me very wary of even starting the process. The whole 'adoption is trauma' causes me a lot of concern. No, I don't expect everything to be happy and grateful that we adopted and I know that their will be issues we would have to address. But would hate to think that I would be part of a system that *traumatizes* a child. I'm really glad different perspective in the comments here. I know that not everyone's story is the same and I'm confident of in our ability to handle it. But every time I read these I can't help but think would we be doing the right thing?
ITT: Lets integrate refugees into our society, by making fun of them and mocking them.
I'm really worried that Barwin was going to be the odd man out. Planned on buying my wife his jersey this year....may have to reconsider it.
Thanks for the link. I wasn't expecting to be educated in an NFL comment section.
Risk vs. Reward. They got the leaders and organizers. They don't need to go after every foot soldier when their isn't much more to be gained. If they tried it would just serve to entrench the remaining holdouts and things would turn bloody.
That sounds painful and horribly sadistic. Sounds like a very appropriate way to make these critters die.
Why wait? Owning land instantly boosts your bachelor rating.
You might not even need an electrician for this. You don't need to be licensed to move a light, so this could be a handyman job which usually goes around ~$25/hr + materials.
Correct. It would make the job more difficult as you would have to tape/paint around the bookshelf and hope they don't splatter.
Maclin lost Maclin. He went for the money and to work for his old coach. That's one of those things I don't really blame Chip on.
&gt; There's been a lot of problems at these kinds of clinics I'm going to stop you right there. The only problems with these clinics are ones that have been manufactured to serve a political purpose. The point Planned Parenthood is making is that this is targeted legislation specifically designed to interfere with medical services. Hence it's a violation of their rights.
I could see that logic, but overall I'm happy with where our WR/RB units are.
Because as distasteful as they are they still have freedom of speech. Being able to stand on the corner and tell other people your views without fear of being assaulted is one of the fundamental expressions of free speech.
It wasn't too long ago that sticking your penis in another mans anus was a very radical thing to do and was highly illegal. Cultures change.
The saying goes, correlation does not prove causation. Yes there is a strong link between being trans and other issues such as depression. That could just as easily be explained as a social pressures to fit in or social situations that don't accept Trans people. Being gay also has a high rate of depression and suicide in young adults....are we going back to claiming that being gay is a mental illness? It's a meaningless data point for this discussion.
&gt; Transexuals kill themselves at massive rates. Correlation does not prove causation. Being gay also has a higher rate of depression and suicide. We could just as easily point to data that shows every outcast group has a higher rate of depression and suicide. That point means nothing as far as a diagnosis goes. &gt; Being a man and not having a penis, or mutilating that penis to look like a vagina, definitely isn't functioning "normally", Having sex with another man isn't 'normal' either. What we are talking about is how they function in society. Can a trans person go to the store, pay their bills, hold a job, be able to maintain social relationships with friends and partners? That is what defines a mental illness and nothing about being trans interferes with any aspect of daily life.
I was ready to get my pitchforks...but then I read the article. Title aside, there isn't much to see here.
This is no different than a judge ordering community service, and the defendant choosing to perform that service at a religious organization.
Alternatively this could just as easily be considered the equivalent to the defendant being sentenced to community service and him closing to serve that at a religious organization where all he has to do is sit there for 90 min once a week.
How is that not the equivalent of developing an anti-gay pill? If there were a pill that made someone straight would you propose we treat gay's with it? I honestly don't have an answer because these are some serious ethical considerations that are going to be resolved in Internet comments. But if the current course of action is surgery which does the least harm and most good for the patient then any rational person would chose the option that gave them the greater quality of life.
I'm actually considering Johnson as a strategic vote. I'll vote democrat for down ticket races, but not sure what I'm going to do about the presidential race. I live in Texas, and there is no way in hell any democrat will turn this state blue this election. But there is a very strong libertarian streak here in Texas and frankly it's a voice I would like to see encouraged. I really dislike the libertarian economic policy, but really like their civil liberties position and they generally seem like people you can work with.
You seem to be tilting at buzzwords.
Source? Not that I don't believe you...but I like me some election history reading.
[Here](http://www.livescience.com/41644-wind-energy-threat-to-birds-overblown.html) is an article with multiple sources cited. No one is saying that birds don't hit turbines. But compare that to any birds hitting any other large building or structure and you realize there isn't anything about turbines that are particularly dangerous for birds. You're talking about a line item on an environmental impact study. Their is a similar line item for roads to install the turbines in remote areas....which has a much greater impact on the environment than the turbine operation. The only time someone brings bird strikes up with wind power is when they are trying to kill a project in their area.
Besides that is has a material cost that competes with computer equipment driving the price up? If they could find cheaper alternative materials than silicon you would see rooftop solar everywhere. Other than that it's basically the same as wind power.....sun doesn't always shine everywhere, and power transmission is expensive. If we could solve the power transmission problem we could do 100% wind/solar. But room temperature superconductors are still a couple of decades out.
Am I writing an essay for you lol? Very high initial startup cost, but operational costs are low after that compared to Coal power. Mining the fuel is often pointed out as an issue, but it's really not a big problem as mining uranium isn't really any different than mining any other element. Storage of waste the materials is the big one, but mostly political in nature. Most of our fuel waste could be 'recycled' into a different reactor which would significantly reduce the amount of fuel waste and turn it into a much less toxic substance....but nuclear non-proliferation policies have kept new reactor technologies on the drawing board. The other major waste product is heavy water...which is toxic, but not Godzilla destroys Tokyo toxic. We had a plan on how to store that long term until the radiation dissipates to the point it's not toxic....but that plan was killed for political reasons.
But the Fed *is* accountable to Congress. Their is a political process to nominate and remove board members. You're not asking for accountability in our monitory policy....your asking for Congress to directly control monetary policy. I read that link....and it's so blatantly misleading. It's comparing cost of goods in 1920 to 2016. That's inflation, and not how you measure if a currency is strong. If you really want to talk about the strength of the dollar then compare to wages at the time and it's strength compared to other currencies. It's a no-context data point that proves nothing. Or are you suggesting we go back to when a gallon of milk cost 20 cents but people only get paid 100 a week? This is one of my problems with the Libertarian party. I'd love to support them for their civil liberties and foreign policy positions...but this focus on monetary policy(and anti-regulation positions) as the major domestic issue is ridiculous. It's addressing a problem that we aren't even sure exists(hence the audit).
The military as a whole tends to be very conservative. I wouldn't read too much into that.
Do you think the *Republican Primary* somehow represents the state as a whole?
I mean, Trump has is supporters in Delaware and Rode Island as well. But for the general election do you honestly think the Democrat's won't easily carry New York? It's like saying California will turn Red in November.
&gt; Why, when there are big game animals that require that or larger ammunition It starts crossing the line into weapons of war IMO. For example, a .50 desert eagle is grizzly bear protection...but a a .50 caliber rifle is an anti-armor sniper rifle that could kill the president in his motorcade half a mile away. And frankly, those big game animals you mention are mostly hunted with shotgun slugs, so I don't buy that they are sport weapons. I mean, we can negotiate the caliber, but I think we can both agree that a 20mm bullet is probably over the line. As far as number and types I'm generally OK with where we are at now. It's enforcement that I, and I would hazard most liberals, have a major issue with. I don't want to ban guns, but I want to make sure legal access is...well...legal. I don't buy that background checks restrict a constitutional freedom.
&gt; Where does it end? It ends when you have a reasonable political compromise. I can reverse the question and ask you where you think the line should be drawn? I would have a problem with my neighbor having a 60mm grenade launcher. But that's not really what the current gun control debate is all about. We don't have universal background checks, it's a very state by state enforcement with some states being much more lax than others. There is a reason why most gun violence in New York can be traced to Virginia gun shows. We can talk concealed carry and open carry regulations and how they can be significantly different depending on the jurisdiction. The lack of universal rules is one of the major sticking point of any gun regulation...something that should probably change one way or another. But going even beyond that we see that we've actively hampered law enforcement ability to enforce existing laws. For example the ATF is limited in computerizing *their own records* for fear of making 'a list'. If we are going to make the starting point 'enforce the existing laws' then we should make our laws consistent and provide law enforcement the tools they need to enforce those laws. We are currently doing a very bad job of that.
I like Elizabeth Warren personally. The real problem IMO is that compromise has become a dirty word in politics. I remember when being bipartisan and working across the isle was a virtue that got you reelected. Now, hugging the president who's giving you billions of dollars in aid will disqualify you from office. That's why I don't have *as big* of a problem with Hillary's flip flop. Her positions aren't that radically different than any other moderate liberal who's been in politics for 20 years.
Because most people think that nuclear proliferation is a bad thing....and nobody asked Japan if they wanted them.
For one I think the Feds should be regulating it and not leaving it to the states. We all know how effective Federal pressure on state legislatures is(it isn't). The lack of universal regulation is the first problem. Also, I don't think it's necessarily a matter of creating new laws...I don't think there is much controversy over the spirit and intent of the existing laws. It's more about refining the existing laws have teeth and enforcement isn't artificially restricted. [Here](http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2013/02/atf-gun-laws-nra) is a biased article...but it does make some good points. I'm not going to claim to be an expert in the minutia of gun laws...but it's obvious that the current laws either don't have teeth or aren't effective. And I see a lobbyist organization that uses extreme rhetoric to prevent even discussing these topics.
At what point does it cross into a weapon of war? Large caliber rifles dont really have a sport use beyond some novelty range time(the ammo is too expensive to make shooting it a regular thing). I would think of them similar to automatic, available if your willing to do some extra paperwork.
No, it's not racist because of the context of the era in which he said it. You should pay attention to the comments a bit more.
And he later left nation of Islam and became a Suni.....quit acting like you have a point other than to try to discredit him.
At this point Trump is a serious candidate that has to be taken seriously.
Because when you look I to the details of the case and if you know how the government actually handles classified information and security investigations....you'll realize this is a systematic failure and not something you could make one person criminally liable for. I spent 13 years working with FSO's i highly classified computer systems. This type of security violation is unfortunatly rather routine with most diciplint binging a slap on the wrist. The laws have very harsh but it's mostly used as a threat rather than actually applied. At the end of the day these investigations are about knowing the extent of the breach and makings sure that it doesn't happen again. Rarely does that mean locking someone up in jail.
I would say a 4 hour gun safety course for first time buyers should be enough. You're more likely to get shot by a toddler than a massshooting, and I always hear of people getting weapons stolen out of cars. Just as a simple public health measure to keep accidental shootings down and hopefully prevent guns getting stolen for the black market.
IMO it's mostly basic stuff most gu owners do anyways. Keep them locked, don't store it in your car, make sure it's unloaded when stored. It's basic common since stuff which is unfortune atly not very common.
I'm not so sure about liability insurance. Negligence is already covered under most homeowners, and insurance won't pay out for anything criminal.
The fear was it would be more socially acceptable to try it. The reality is the socal acceptability was set a long time ago and now it's just boring.
The nature of aerial warfare is changing. Drones are the weapons platforms and 'combat' will be mostly electronic in nature. Dogfights are going to consist of radar jamming, signal interruption, hacking and electronic warfare....with the loser getting a missile in the face
...And private institutions are so much better.
It's important to note that this was old debt that they wouldn't have been legally able to collect on anyways. Essentially they purchased a list of people who they could have harassed unethically(but legally) even if the debt was unenforceable.
I don't know that it's limited to just internet warriors. The few times I hear it slip in to the mainstream media there is usually talk about 'audit/eliminate the fed' and 'the gold standard'. I haven't been to a libertarian party meeting, but I get the impression that these aren't party platforms that they would be willing to back away from.
You think Trump is worth 10 billion? Funny considering by his own estimation he's worth half that....but hey it's not like facts matter to him. But you're right..Trump is rich. How dare I question the god-emperor. After all, being wealthy is a moral virtue.
A functional legislative branch. Most Republicans may not like big government, but want the government we do have to be functional, efficient and responsive to the people. They may be willing to stomach some limited shutdowns as a grim necessity, but overall realize that it does more harm than good for their goal of reducing government spending.
If you tried to buy your debt directly from who ever owns it...lets just say you won't be getting a discount.
Fair enough....*a* century ago is more accurate.
This has got to be satire no?
Half the country would dislike any Democratic candidate the instant they became the defacto nominee. The baseline support for a national election is 45% which is exactly where Hillary is. Her drop is completely politics as usual. I wouldn't ascribe that to any sort of inherent sexist bias to that.
Washington did.
Guys, Sanders is a sitting US senator and a career politician. Is anyone actually surprised he's playing politics?
RCP still has Clinton +2. Of the 7 polls in there average Trump is only ahead in 2 of them. So far it's shaped up to be a standard election with each candidate getting their base 45%. However, now that Clinton is about to become the presumptive nominee and Trump has taken some real hits that actually seemed to damage him for once....it will be interesting to see if the poll numbers change in the next couple of weeks. Of course this is all meaningless until the conventions which can be great pallet cleansers.
Which is the opposite of what Trump is doing. We accept that judges, as human beings, can be unbiased with there decisions. Yet Trump is claiming bias because of his ancestry. He's essentially saying that because this judge is a minority he's not a normal human being who's able to remain unbiased on the bench. He's not basing this claim if bias on evidence of past decisions, but entirely on his race. Edit: Since I have about 4 replies saying the same thing. The judge is a member of [La Raza of San Deigo](http://sdlrla.com/) which is a boring professional organization. Not National Counsel of La Raza which is...lets just say controversial. The two are in no way related, so linking them is dishonest. Edit2: If you're trying to claim that a link on a website as the sole evidence that a judge is biased, you have lost all semblance of objective thought. There is no objective reason to believe the judge would be biased in this case simply because he's a member of a legal professional orginization.
An E-1 living in the barracks has no excuse, your paycheck is mostly spending money. An E-3 with a family of 4, that's a different matter. BAS doesn't cover that much and kids are expensive.
You do know that the professional organization he's a member of is significantly different than the National Council of La Raza right? Trying to claim them as the same thing is blatantly dishonest.
I will say that I've been surprised that you can find a good level of discourse on Reddit if you look. At least this site isn't YouTube comments.
I feel like this election is going to air out a lot of dirty laundry.
And you are going to base the entire argument that the judge is biased on a link on the website?
You mean when he brought it up unprompted in a stump speech. The interview was afterwards where they tried to get him to explain the comments(or opportunity to walk them back some).
In Trump world his success as CEO, success as a candidate and success as eventual president are all one and the same. His entire brand is built around success. Anything that damages the public perception of success is public enemy #1. I think he realized that when the details of the Trump U case started coming out he realized he would be vulnerable. In typical Trump fashion his strategy was to to attack first in order to put the critics on the defensive. Trump lashing out has worked well for him in the past, so there was no reason for him to think it wouldn't work. But I think he overplayed his position and due to his success brand he's not able to back down.
They may be outsiders, but they sure as hell aren't Roosevelt.
IMO it's too early to say he's imploding. This is the first major hit he's had to deal with. Everything else before this he was able to deflect or ignore. It will take a couple of weeks for polling to catch up, but we'll see if it's an implosion or just another blip.
God damn it....that was a downright *reasonable* article.
Why do I always fall for that........why.
And there is no reason they couldn't exist. The reason they don't is because nobody has found it necessary. Probably because all the 'normal' organizations already have significant white representation. Right now you can't really point to a social injustice that disproportionately effects white people and needs to be addressed. (By the way white people can join the NAACP) It's the groups goals and policies that determines if it's racist, not their membership.
I feel like there is a basic assumption that should get resolved before we continue. Do you believe that given similar background a black person will have less opportunity and face more discrimination then their equivalent white counterparts?
Wa...what? Pretty sure I explicitly said I *didn't* consider you racist.....yup that's exactly what I said. But you're right...if you fail basic reading comprehension then their really is no point. Keep living in your ignorance and thinking we live in a post racial society. The fact that Trump can spew a non-stop stream of racist garbage and still get high poll numbers pretty much disproves that. Back to the echo chamber with you.
Because, if you recall, the suspect was an employee and shot up his work party. He was obviously an extremist, but his choice of targets and timing was erratic. You have to excuse that if in the chaos of a developing situation instant media gratification sometimes gets it wrong. Edit: Let me ask you something...do you think Trumps instant response would be more or less reserved? If his initial reactions were wrong, do you think he would be likely to correct himself?
* Resolve the immigration debate allowing a guest worker program and a path to citizenship. * $15 minimum wage(or anything that starts to address the income gap). * 100% Green Energy Grid(to include modern nuclear reactors)
I have some that are pushing 30 feet tall in my yard. I feel like I should post them once they bloom.
Before he starts raising hell...it would be nice to know what exactly he wants. He's not going to be the nominee, and it would be very petty if he used this opportunity to settle political scores rather than really influence the party. But, Bernie is the only one who can make that decision.
I'm sorry, I can not take them seriously. They say they have an environmental pillar to combat climate change, but then demonize nuclear energy. Their are some fundamental realities with how the power grid works and what the renewable technologies can achieve. We are several decades away from the technologies that could even begin to close this gap. If you're trying to reduce and eliminate CO2 and fossil fuel consumption Nuclear is the only technology available that can provide the required base load to power our grid. Wind and Solar have a big part to play, but until we have room temperature superconductors that solves our transmission issues we will have to have something in place.
It's a political problem, not a technical one. We had a good solution lined up until it got killed. And modern reactors would be able to recycle a lot of that if it weren't for basically a ban on developing them.
The reviews were effectively coerced before the course was over, taken in front of the instructor, when they were expecting future benefits from the instructor. I mean seriously, you think filling out a survey is a legal defense against fraud? That's some serious delusion.
Then I'm sure his lawyers(who said the judge was doing a good job) could file to have the judge recuse himself. Except they haven't, because there is nothing to the claim.
So in you're world, being a member of a minority professional orginization means that your race can be used to attack you? Would you also suggest that it's fair to call anyone associated with (AAMN)[www.aamn.org] sexists?
Because we could also make the argument Trump is more corporate than Hillary and so his supporters are also corporate shills by proxy. And round and round the debate starts. I'd like to have some subs where we don't have to deal with politics.
The problem is that their just isn't enough of one single shared ideology that will win a majority on it's own. Winning political parties, but design, have to build a coalition among different groups to succeed.
I *hate* having to use a term that /r/the_donald is fond of overusing....but you're concern trolling.
Texas would be required to break into 5 states. It gets complicated.
Except this wasn't fight or flight behavior. He was stalking and hunting, not bearing teeth, roaring or lashing out.
It's cute, but I wouldn't read too much into it yet. It's interesting in that Hillary is now challenging Trump on his home turf. It's the first effective rebuttal she's had on twitter that resonated. Perhaps her social media team is finally figuring out how to handle twitter battles? However, one tweet doesn't define the war. Lets see what happens next.
Since when is something everyone does front page news?
Well...would you rather transfer of cash or transfer of genes be the determining factor of who sits at the table?
Trump inherited his business from his father and both his kids are running his business despite not having any previous qualifications before assuming their roles in a multi-million dollar company. Do you really think they got their position based on merit?
And you think Trump would do better with his appointments? You mistake not caring with calling out hypocrisy as if that was a difference between the two candidates.
The eggs you get in the store are unfertilized. This applies to chicken that are raised for meat(male chickens will fight/kill each other so they are basically useless in farming).
In our case it was just one room....an addition that had one pier sinking. We did not raise the whole house, just re leveled the floor. It's been over a decade, but I think we used 4 five ton jacks and an I-beam. If I recall the hardest part was making sure the jacks didn't also sink into the ground. We had one close call where a jack slipped, but since we didn't have to worry about plumbing in that spot there really wasn't much too it. Now for the whole house I'm not sure how to make it go up evenly on the jacks so you don't have any structural issue with the walls. I, personally, wouldn't feel comfortable doing it.
It's not a one for one swap and Wind/Solar have a big part to play. The models I saw had about 40% wind and solar providing the peak loads, while nuclear and hydro take on the base load.
I really hope people will stand in solidarity with the gay community and support their civil rights.
It will probably further entrench Trump supporters. Sadly mass shootings and domestic terrorism have become so common place that this is unlikely to make a difference.
I don't want any terrorists in this country...including racists who shoot up black churches and fundamentalists who shoot up planned parenthood clinics.
I don't see this working out well for him. This isn't some tables fly by night blog.....this is one of the most respected newspapers in the country.
Please. Trumps entire campaign has been based on click bait tweet and one liners (Lying Ted). Let's call it what it is, he's but hurt at their coverage because it's not supportive of Trump. I can get banning huffpo or buzzfeed....but the WaPo is one of the most well respected news organizations in America. This is an obvious backlash for the media scrutinizing him a little harder now that we are in the general election.
[Citation needed]
Is there a lower limit to the frequency as you get closer to absolute zero
If he wasn't radicalized before he sure as hell is now.
GOOD! That means culturally we've shifted to a point where this would just be considered common place.
Sanders has all along said he wanted to spark a movement. That movement isn't to get what ever Democratic nominee elected....it's to advance the progressive cause. They find themselves allied with the Democrats...so you can be sure that they will not support Trump. But he doesn't want to drop out until he's sure his movement has had an impact and possible future laid out. Maybe he sticks around in case of an indictment, but honestly right wing rhetoric aside I don't see any scenario where Hillary isn't the Democratic Nominee in November after the FBI investigation wraps up. I think this is just a case of him following through on his promise while he figures out the next step. He has the luxury of time and there is honestly no rush.
On hour home drive from from work I pass by no less than 5 strip clubs. Each strip club has a billboard for a church right above it. Honestly, it's hilarious seeing these church groups getting clever with linking their billboard message to a strip club.
The hivemind is fickle.
Well for reference I voted for McCain in 2008
They were never going to get actual legislation passed. To get something that would get majority of the vote in both houses and to the presidents desk would require a long drawn out committee and reconciliation process between the House and Senate. This is about getting the vote on the record heading into the election. The next president is going to be the one to sign any reforms into law.
I understand why people would want the ban put into place, but I think background checks, registration, and mandatory gun safety classes are much more important for reducing gun violence. We should keep an eye out for weapon technologies that give someone a tactical advantage that doesn't have a sporting use. In that regard things like explosive/armor piercing ammo is banned. I understand that defining exactly what an 'assault weapon' is can be difficult...but that doesn't mean it should be off the table. Personally the Assault Weapon ban isn't the hill I'd die on.
Obviously it would come with penalties if you don't register it....and would have to include some grandfather clauses and a time frame to let existing gun owners ensure they are in compliance. I look at it like a car registration. If I buy a car for $500 on Craigslist, I'm responsible for filling out the paperwork for the DMV to register it under my name....which includes proof that I can legally operate it(Drivers License). I could drive it and use it, but if I get caught with expired registration I'd get some additional charges against me. It works well for car ownership, I don't see why it wouldn't work for firearms as well?
I don't think it would be reasonable to have proactive enforcement of a gun registry. It would, by necessity, be more passive such that your registration status would only be checked if you making a gun transaction, already interacting with police for other reasons, or if it's used in a crime. I guess the analogy would be how we enforce you being required to have car insurance.
Only IF you can get the provolone melted right. Most places can't really manage that without overcooking the meat. Wiz is the perfect steak cheese because it blends in with the meat and soaks into the bun.
And? After Sandy Hook the Senate Democrats tried to push through the first bullet point....any idea how that turned out?
Except that the NRA doesn't actually support background checks. After Sandy Hook there was a very public proposal to implement Universal background checks....which was [defeated](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_control_after_the_Sandy_Hook_Elementary_School_shooting#Proposed_universal_background_checks). During the debates the NRA spokesman said &gt; Debating legislation that won't work would be a waste of time. He called on Congress "to act immediately to appropriate whatever is necessary to put armed police officers in every single school in this nation" so that every school in America would be safe when pupils returned to school in January 2013. Doesn't sound like like support for background checks to me. Be honest, every time the gun show loophole gets brought up in debate the NRA has never supported it....otherwise why hasn't it been implemented yet?
I guess I need to spell it out. The NRA is the premier lobby group on the pro-gun rights side of the debate. Talking about other pro-gun lobby groups is pointless since the NRA absolutely dominates the issue. The NRA is opposed to any form of gun regulation...evidenced by words and deeds. The NRA's hard line position is in direct opposition of what the vast majority of Americans want as evidenced through polls and public opinion. The NRA pushes this position thorough political advertising targeting those senators and congressmen who oppose their position. The political advertisements influence the election so more pro-gun representatives are elected. 'Other lobbyist do it too' is a bad excuse. We aren't talking about other lobbyist, we are talking about gun control of which there is only one major lobbyist organization. I'm allowed to judge them based on their position, and unless you're prepared to talk about removing all lobbyists from congress I'll keep focusing on who it is that's driving the discussion. 'NRA doesn't vote' is a cop-out. The NRA tells other people how they should vote and severely punishes any dissent. It does not remove the NRA from responsibility of the positions they push.
Have to say I was proud of the turnout.....#LoveNotHate
Should also point out that Clinton was actively raising money for the DNC during her primary run, while Bernie was just fundraising for himself. So yea....if your fundraising with the DNC your going to coordinate with the DNC.
He never stood a chance the second he self identified using the S-word. That's too charged of a word that he was never going to build a coalition beyond the most liberal wing...and there just aren't enough voting progressives yet to carry the party on their own.
It looks ugly now that it's fresh. But I don't think it it will scar thankfully.
Those numbers are fickle and it's still too early. We aren't going to have a clear view of the map until after the convention and VP picks are in. It's not looking good for Trump, but the DNC would be a fool to ignore them.
The fact that it's not peer reviewed and published an acidemically journal makes this an opinion piece.
Maybe understand the difference between real border security and multi-billion feel good projects that do nothing.
May so elegiti any on their resume. But they are still Libertarians that come with all the party platform baggage. The libertarians aren't popular because of media access....it's that most don't agree with some of the party platform. If they were running an unaffiliated 3rd party I dependant ticket that still managed to get ballot access I think they would be more appealing.
Galvistonia here....jeez a lot of hate for our beaches. The sand is clean, you have sun, beach shells, waves and warm water safe to swim in. It can look a little muddy because of the Mississippi River silt, and the waves are bigger in the oceans....but if you like the beach for the beach life you won't find anything wrong with Galveston.
MAGA....again =1950.....that was a great time time to be an [rich white] American..
So if we hate them enough it's OK to violate their human rights?
It will be interesting to see if they can control the message coming from Trump a little better. They may be way behind in organization, but it's their message that's really suffering. Something tells me, however, Donald is still going to be Donald. I mean, how much will they actually change? Are they going to take Trumps twitter away, or make him wear a shock collar to read off a teleprompter?
I don't agree...he's been subjected to a lot of abuse and you don't just run a presidential campaign without dealing with the grueling schedule. if he really wanted out he could have done it a while ago while saving face. The fact that he made it this far and won to me proves he actually wanted the nomination. I think it's more of a case that we are dealing with a rich egomaniac who *actually* thinks he's smarter than everyone else.
He could also take a loan out on one of those assets to finance his campaign. Assuming, of course, he's not already highly leveraged already that he can't squeeze anything else without starting a selloff.
That would have been a highly unprecedented act of the executive branch getting onto the details of the bureaucracy.
I think it bears repeating that the complaints against campaign finance reform are against Super PAC's and the unlimited dark money funds that pop up. Nobody is really complaining about directly donating to a candidate since that's already pretty heavily regulated and individually limited. This is measuring individual donations, not what the large donors would contribute too.
What's your point? I'm a bleeding heart liberal, but you have to admit that Clinton has been working towards the nomination a hell of a lot longer than Sanders. Unless there is some new revelation in this release, just let the Republicans masturbation over this and focus on things we can still change that will actually help the progressive agenda.
What are you ranting about? I'm asking if there is anything new in the data that was previously unknown. So far just a bunch of fodder for those who already dislike her.
Snark shark never took off.
Totally agree. Combat roles should be about ability to accomplish the mission. I want women to have the same opportunity and chance for success, but I wouldn't lower the standards to do that.
Are you asking? Most everyday conversation it's basically interchangeable. But when talking about gender specific issues the distinction can be important. Sex = your biological makeup (X or Y chromosome). Gender = social construct (Women wear makeup, long hair). In the case of combat roles the argument that while sex may put women at a disadvantage there is no reason they couldn't compete and the the ban was primarily based on gender which is artificial in nature.
Which translates into a 22-23 minuet 5k.....
But compare that to cost overruns for F22 engines nobody wants or pointless stockpiles of M1A1's in the desert that will never get used. Training budgets make such a small blip in the total military spending that suggesting that women shouldn't be able to compete for the jobs because of money is kind of silly.
The vast majority of those are licencing branding deals.
Well...it IS a copperhead.
If a subsidiary of one of those 'major companies' went bankrupt(but not the parent company itself) would that count against it for the purposes of that claim?
Was about to say...she picked the inferior donut. We need to get this fixed!
They are just looking for any excuse to say addressing racial disparities is racist.
Let's assume for a second that you're correct and Trump will bring more jobs. That still doesn't address how you intend to ensure that the African American communities will qualify for those jobs to close the racial disparities. I don't see you advocating for a massive overhaul in our public education, or major investment in jobs training programs for those communities. &gt; education to a sub-demographic that can't effectively use it -- and they wouldn't even get much from the education in the first place. Are you suggesting that we shouldn't waste our time educating poor black demographics?
It was never about the bill, everyone knew it was a bad bill and never going to get passed. It was about congress refusing to take any action. Real gun control is going to come through bipartisan committee compromise and working with the Senate. The Republicans have blocked any attempt to even have that discussion or move that process forward. Americans are sick of inaction by congress.
That was such a sleazy line of attacks.
Please, that speech could be summed up as "everything bad that happened in the world is Hillary s fault". It was all regurgitated talking points the GOP has been after Obama on for years...it's old and tired.
To me that's an indication that the speech had the desired effect to 'break the damn' with big donors. He'll probably get a bump for a little while, but that money represents the low hanging fruit that's just been holding out...It's not like that's the result of phone banks and massive donor drives. He doesn't have the infrastructure for that. Hillary's already tapped that market...Trump is just starting to tap it hence the bump. However, that's significantly different than the massive amount of fund raising that comes from working the lines and getting individual donations. That is where Hillary is winning by massive amounts...something Trump hasn't even started...and given that he intends to outsource that fundraising to the RNC shows that he doesn't consider it important. I don't see that changing so at some point the big money donors will dry up and he won't have another option to fall back on without dipping into his personal fortune to keep the campaign afloat.
Don't fool yourself. All publicity is good publicity works for celebrities, not politicians. The free coverage he's been getting has been anything but positive(outside of his primary supporters). Ground support is the most effective form of politicking...something that requires money and infrastructure he's lacking. One way or another if he's going to be competitive he's going to need to get closer to Hillary....maybe he doesn't have to beat her but he can't be orders of magnitude behind. Now if you say he can just self finance that's possible I guess....I really don't think he has the cash on hand which means he either takes out loans or sells assets.
I'd be willing to give up restrictions on silencers and ease the concealed carry laws.
That's how most regulatory laws work in practice. The scary thing that neither side wants to admit is that the laws dealing with classified materials is regulatory in nature. It's only when there is significant barn that it becomes criminal. As far as I've seen there hasn't been significant harm demonstrated.
It's a very recent quote and most major news is focusing on Brexit so they haven't picked it up. Here is another source if you would like: http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/02/13/donald-trump-wind-farms-l_n_4779801.html Recall, he just lost a fight with a wind farm that wanted to build off the coast of one of his golf courses. Edit: Orriginal source: http://www.irishtimes.com/business/retail-and-services/trump-lays-out-big-plans-for-doonbeg-golf-resort-1.1688203 &gt; Wind farms are a disaster for Scotland, like Pan Am 103. They make people sick with the continuous noise. They’re an abomination
Christie? That would be a shit show of a ticket.
Fringe independent candidate...I wouldn't read too much into it. Other than it's odd that the political climate is such that someone would legitimately think that sign was a good idea.
At some point you can no longer separate the man from his rhetoric.
Or just a fringe racist in rural Tennessee? Not everything is a conspiracy you know.
Question for the Brits. My understanding is that it will take up to 2 years for this to be actually finalized and have the ties cut. Does that mean there is a possibility to hold another referendum to stop the exit?
One minor quibble though. A big reason that alcohol is dangerous is how socially acceptable it is to drink.
Animals have territories that big because resources are that far apart. It doesn't necessarily translate.
Have you seen the pictures of iceland? If I lived in middle earth I'd believe in elves too.
I think it was still alive at the end? Definitely some broken bones.....it won't end well.
A random lawsuit from an individual is one thing. A class action lawsuit that has also included State attorney general investigations is something completely different.
Username checks out.
I absolutely refuse to believe that these guys are real.
/r/PoliticalDiscussion/
It scares me that the party that claims to value law and order keeps wanting to lock up political opponents despite there being no charges.
Just think....after next year we'll get to see Chip Kelly on Hard Knocks for sure. There is no way they will let that pass up.
This is a weak line of attacks that could very easily debunk this and embarrass anyone who made that claim. All Trump has to do is disclose who he's donated too and a lot of his critics will be silenced. I'm sure he's very quickly provide evidence for such an easily verifiable claim that he could easily use to discredit his critics. I mean...why wouldn't he?
Right, because Hillary kills people.
And has Hillary cut off Breitbart or Fox News? Or are you going to pretend those are horribly biased as well.
Umm...yes it is. Unless you want to convince people that waterboarding isn't torture....good luck with that. Just because they aren't uniformed doesn't mean the Geneva convention doesn't apply. Lack of legal status does not mean lack of human rights.
I suspect it's just a result of additional police presence in black neighborhoods. So they would have a disproportionate opportunity to get in trouble with it.
ITT: 80% Nate Silver is a God of Data Journalism; 20% he's a hack.
She's going to take a big hit when the FBI investigation concludes. No matter what the result is all you are going to hear on the news is Hillary scandal. It will give Trump a window to flip the narrative and put Hillary on the defensive in the polls. Of course, that implies he can be effective in his attacks(which so far has been lukewarm) and Hillary isn't ready with a response to change the narrative(which you know she is).
You forget the effects that this will have in fundraising, congressional, and state seats. For example, in Texas it's going to go heavily red, but there are a lot of potential blue pickups in congress and the state legislature. Also, there are a lot of big donors in the state who would open up their wallets. Spending some time in Texas won't turn the state blue, but it will get her some cash and advance the party cause.
ITT: Outrage machine in high gear!
The obvious conclusion.
I'm confused. I thought this sub considered Brexit a good thing?
The only people who care about her heritage is the GOP.
It's the other way around. PP now has a ruling that lets them crusade against medically unnecessary regulations.
Most businesses of **any** size don't have multiple state attorney generals investigating you.
Good for Trump...he finally got a poll going his way after months. Think he can go for 2? If I looked at the data the odds are not in his favor.
&gt; what do you mean defund? Planned parenthood is a private organization that bills Medicaid for the services it provides. If planned parenthood performs a pap smear, they bill Medicaid for that pap smear. Medicaid is funded by the state. So when state politicians say they want to defund planned parenthood what they are really talking about is not paying for that pap smear. If a woman goes into planned parenthood and asks for an abortion, she has to pay that out of pocket(often offset through private donations). The state does not get billed, and there is no blanket funding from the state(and even if there were the laws mean that they couldn't provide abortions with that funding). I don't think you'll get much argument from the pro-choice crowd that abortions should be a last resort. Which is why most would say we should be putting *more* money into PP in order to provide more contraceptive services.
Well ignore those subs you settled near our border for your support in the war.
So what your saying is you don't know how to evaluate QB's.
Chip would be the complete opposite of what Carolina is running currently. I don't know if Cam even could run a hurry up offense.
Did you know Comcast IT is union?
You mean those old Kodak scanners were still using and having to canabilze parts for?
I think it's gonna happen. Ever since Andy got fired we've had one drama narrative after another on the Chip wild ride. Not to mention we're a *huge* media market which will help with ratings and our younger players tend to have a lot of personality which will also make for some compelling story lines. I don't think it really effects teams that much and I know I'll be tuning in every week.
Step 1. Win back the state legislature by 2020. The census is coming, that will change everything. We need to be prepared to make a stand when it does.
Even if you don't know CPR at least know where the closest AED is. Most offices have one on the wall somewhere and they make CPR dummy proof and walk you though everything. The biggest tip though is being calm and decisive. I had to give CPR to someone in the office once and I was surprised at how everyone just stood around gawking not knowing what to do.
Nice in theory, but impractical in practice. There really is no harm in it if both ends are capped correctly.
Eagles have several that hang out and lurk.
We'll let Rex Ryan be the head coach and call it Sexy Rexy Fish n' Chips
meh, can't win them all.
That's basically the same argument the GOP uses.
I have a question for a Lawyer. Would paying an unaccompanied minor fee obligate the airline to In Loco Parentis? It seems like there are some criminal child endangerment issues at play here? Edit: To clarify, it seems like everyone who's replied is concerned about bumping the kid and getting compensated from the airlines. I think OP should be *way* more concerned that they essentially abandoned a minor in the airport terminal. What if the kid was international and OP couldn't get them?
&gt; He has recently said he will burn our house down. It may sound outlandish and perhaps it is a hollow statement, but this is a man who does possess extreme psychopathic/sociopathic tendencies and carries out terrible things on a whim Something I learned is to take people at their word when they say things like this. He may not actually burn the house down, but it's an escalation that you need to take seriously.
He'll be put in max security protective custody...which is really just code name for solitary confinement.
Any security expert will tell you it's about deterrence. Nothing is ever 100% secure.
I know a lot of people are saying that this is a dead end investigation and we should just leave it alone. **Well fuck that.** If this happened to Republicans they would be screaming bloody hell and forming congressional committees to investigate how the Democrats stole the election. They have been bitching and making Democrats respond to this bullshit for 8 fucking years. If they get rewarded for being the opposition party then it's our turn. Now realistically I know nothing will come of it. But why cede any ground? They are already trying to spam us with stuff hoping we won't pay attention, well once they realize that won't work they won't be able to keep up an assault like that on multiple fronts. Remember, it's a war of attrition and we have the numbers(of voters).
After 9/11 the intelligence community has been much more vocal with the American people and telling us when the leaders are lying to us. Although Bush eventually took the blame they aren't likely wanting to be left holding the bag again.
Your forgetting the part where Howie pulled some magic with the Maxwell contract to get us into position to grab Wentz in the first place. You can argue about his talent evaluation, but it's hard to argue about his deal making.
Sorry I'm not buying that. You'r trying to say that the wording on the ballot is why it didn't pass and completely ignoring the actual debate that was leading up to the vote for months prior. Anyone who cared about the exemption you stated would have already know that it's protected elsewhere because your a private club. If you voted against it because the *ballot* didn't have wording that you already *knew* was unnecessary then that's just making excuses. Please, everyone who voted on the ballot knew exactly what it was they were voting for(even if misinformed their was never any question). I know their is a difference between a city ordinance and a state law. My point is Texas is not exactly a state that is eager to pass civil rights for anyone other than Christian gun owning fetuses.
Logan I think is gone. While he's good I think he's going to want a bigger paycheck than we can afford with Cox's contract. With Logan gone I think it really questions on if you actually want to cut Barwin. You're already removing a key piece of the d-line, do you really want to go about replacing another?
Mass state laws may override this, but if your 25 and still on your parents plan you can expect your coverage to be dropped(probably). If you are currently sick or have a condition that requires ongoing care unless you immediately sign up for a new plan you'll be denied any claim you ever have in the future as 'preexisting condition'. There are also some rules about how they have to present their plans so there isn't a bunch of fine print that can secretly screw you over or make you think something isn't covered but it is. All and all it's so situation specific it's hard to make a one size fits all prediction, but we can say that overall people will become significantly less insured and have a harder time getting and maintaining insurance.
I had a family member say completely unironically "I think there is something to this pizzage thing" over Christmas. Queue them trying to prove to me that some new age cooking is somehow related to child sex ring. And then telling me I have cognitive dissonance in not being able to see the evidence.
In the Army they taught us to kick the knees, throat, and solar plexus.
We have the astrodome.
I can't wait for the construction around the bay area park and ride to be complete so I can start doing this again.
#Firstworldproblems
As always [Relevant XKCD](https://xkcd.com/936/) Edit: My suggestion to people is to start using keyboard patterns. For example, my password this month is W(no it's not but you get the idea), which means I start with Q and circle the W key, then hold down shift and circle the W again. Boom, 16 characters upper, lower and special characters.
But she's rich, she doesn't have to pay fines.
&gt; Oil is extracted from his lands, he listed that income as rent when it should have gone in a different column. I'm sorry, as someone who gets mineral royalties that's extremely nit-picky.
If your hot rod has an engine and you intend to drive it you absolutely do. If the weapon has it's firing pin and is intended to be functional, you should be required to be safe with it. And frankly this is such an edge case that if we were really that concerned about antiques we could easily write exceptions for that.
Actually I do, and I specifically changed the weapon from AR-15 to M16 to make my point. I don't care what the fuck you own as long as your safe and responsible about it.
Why? If they are being safe and responsible why should I care?
That's honestly what bugs me about the gun control debate. There actually is a lot of common ground if both sides weren't so entrenched.
Well, me and about 90% of the [country](http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2016/jan/05/laura-ingraham/laura-ingraham-say-claim-90-support-gun-background/). But to be clear, **you** are okay with criminals being able to purchase guns and are opposed to laws that could prevent that?
&gt; The city attorney then told the city council that if they did not approve the final plat vote, they would all be personally and financially liable, open to lawsuits by the charter school developer. IANAL, but I'm almost 100% certain that elected government officials are given immunity from exactly this sort of thing. The city attorney gave such bad advice on something that they should have known better that it might be considered grounds for review by the state bar association. Making a complaint to the bar is something that can be done now. As far as resolving your options are twofold. You and your neighbors hire an attorney to sue the city. Be prepared for a long expensive fight and while I personally think you have a good case you can't guarantee results. I think your better option would be to escalate this to the state level and become a pain in the ass in Austin. Start with your state representative and Texas Education Agency.
In other news Texas sees a sudden spike in demand for speed limit signs.
&gt; Texas - same with the last, except in a more expensive and impenetrable media market that doesn't take kindly to scrappy underdog campaigns. Point of order. Abbot isn't really that popular. Abbot is popular among those who will vote in the primary, and anyone who wins the primary will most likely win the state. But I would argue that most people in the state would rather have a different republican governor. However, I agree that I don't see the Democrats putting up a real fight in this one.
So find where they work and file a complaint. If you expect the government to do it that's a violation of the first amendment. But there isn't anything stopping you from taking matters into your own hands.
So you're upset about media outrage over this racist incident because black on white racism doesn't produce the same media outrage? I think I got it. But then you use the recent Chicago case that got a crazy amount of media attention as an example that the media doesn't care? You're own example contradicts your statement.
&gt; Secondly why, for a theoretical miniscule decrease in crime must you burden the innocent person in this transaction significantly more? That's a loaded question if I've ever seen one. You are making a lot of very biased assumptions but I'll play along. Let me put it this way. No, I don't agree with the way New York handles it now by costing hundereds of dollars and years to legally own. I agree that it's stupid, unnecessary and doesn't help anything. I would oppose further regulation on assault weapons and frankly don't care about silencers, large capacity magazines or the other range toys people like to buy. I generally agnostic about ammo restrictions, but I'd leave that to law enforcement to say what's reasonable. That being said, I don't think asking for a website to pay $5 in over to verify and register a gun purchase is burdensome or a violation of your rights(along with a one time 'lets make sure your not going to blow your head off' class). I do think that will have a non-trivial impact on the illegal use of guns as you now have a verifiable way to track purchases so you see where the leaks are and can take steps to stop them.
Did we all forget that before he was fired Trump's campaign manager was literally on the payroll of the Kremlin and did *illegal* activity on their behalf?
I highly doubt that happens. The raiders are too iconic it would be like Green Bay not playing at Lambau Field.
Whoa there. Rome survived an emperor who was bat shit insane and married his horse. We'll take a hit, but America will survive.
So not a blind trust?
I would be really curious to hear his theory about why your cabin is what's causing his property to be devalued rather than the mountain of debris? It's obvious he's trying to intimidate you. Obviously you can go with the suggestions of suing him in court. However, before you go that route you might consider contacting a local lawyer and pay them a few bucks to write a strongly worded letter for you. People like that tend to back off when real lawyers get involved and you might find it to be a quicker resolution than going to court. Edit: Whatever you do I would suggest that all communication be in writing from here on out, by certified mail if possible.
If they just renamed the bill History will remember that and still give Obama credit. Social Security has been significantly modified over the years but Roosevelt still gets credit for it.
Yea, sorry no. I'd rather not have a constitutional crisis. I think it's pretty clear that the hacks did not win Trump the election. Clinton not being a good candidate and letting the race get so close that a stiff breeze could have changed the outcome is what cost the election.
I'm just going to take a moment to point out that mattress retail is one of the highest margin business out there. They need to sell like 2 to break even for the month. That's why you see them on almost every strip mall and and have virtually zero business.
In principle yes. In practice probably most likely but courts can do funny things.
Good Luck! Are you using a greenhouse?
Cool. What did you end up using?
No, because of Reagan being firmly anti-communist.
Post pictures when it sprouts. I've been wanting to get one and was thinking it would be fine outside around here. The little bit of research I did makes me think they are hardier than you would think.
I was thinking of getting a small 50 gallon because their is a fern/ginger bed by my gutter that I have a hard time reaching with the hose. I wouldn't consider spending more than a couple of hundred dollars on it though. That article seems like the guy is trying to justify to his wife why he spent so much money.
I'm saying if we were serious about giving them political asylum we wouldn't have such a stupid rule that require them to build a shanty raft, dodge the coast guard and touch ground to get asylum. Why can't they show up at Guantanamo bay and request asylum there? Why can't they get asylum if the coast guard rescues them? The rules as they are now are just stupid relics .
I agree with this. If it were anyone else *but* the Patriots I think we could criticize. But we have to remember Chung was abysmal here but when to the Pats and played well.
Wentz A-: Far exceeded expectations as a rookie given the season start. I love where he's at and can see how good he could be. Needs some development but that was expected and it's not that bad. The future looks bright. Seumalo B-: I think they want him to be the center of the future, but I'm not seeing it yet. But I do see potential for him to be a late bloomer so we'll see what year 3 brings. Smallwood B: I don't think he's going to be some phenom RB, but he'll be a good member of the running back by committee. Anytime you draft a contributor in the 5th it's a good thing. Big V. B+: I think he'll be our RT of the future if he keeps developing at the pace he has been. Only time will tell if his improvement is sustainable. Mills. A(based on expectation of a 7th round pick): Played way above his level but can be mismatched. Might have a future as at slot corner. Overall Draft With Wentz: A+ Overall Draft Without Wentz: B- I mean honestly this year our **only** goal out of Free Agency and the draft class is having our QB of the future. If we did nothing else this year it would still have been considered a successful off season with Wentz on the team. But the fact that not only did we get that but we also made our team better across multiple fronts and rid ourselves of a lot of dead weight it's hard to argue that the team knocked it out of the park.
Oh come on, you act like we don't know what 4chan is all about. They are all ego and not Illuminati.
You want to provide shade but it looks like the area is already shaded? I'm going to assume the area gets morning and afternoon sun so you want something that will go above the fence to shade the area, but not look stupid in the process. My first thought would be a tree of some sort, but given that there is already an Oak in the vicinity and the narrow space close to your house I don't think that's practical. Please stay away from bamboo if you can help it. What kind of humidity do you have? If you're in a place that isn't to arid Bananas might do well there given how protected the area is.
He does a good job competing every play and makes opposing WR's work for it every snap. Unfortunately, he's too easily mismatched in size/speed on the outside. Maybe if he was playing opposite of a lock down corner he could get a little help shaded his way and would be fine, but obviously we are no where near that. Personally, I think he can become a decent nickle back on the field and the Eagles have said before that they consider that a starting position.
Didn't he post this earlier in the season? I feel like I remember seeing a picture like this around the bye week.
The facts weren't wrong. Just because something is editorialized doesn't make it fake.
At the time I understand why he made the promise. We were deep in the Iraq war and Guantanamo was a lightning rod. He did a decent job or resolving most of the detainees, but he should have done a better job of anticipating that there are some logistical realities that would keep them from completely resolving the situation. It would have been nice if he could have designated a place in the states and move them domestically, that would require congress and is basically a non-starter.
That's unfortunate, leafs thinning, curling and the color change(your aloe is paler than it should be) are all a sign of light stress. Don't worry I don't think your going to kill it, but it might grow funny. It's possible that the sun just isn't strong enough that far North in the winter time. It's native in the Southern US and even in the winter we still have the sun almost directly overhead. If you have an desk light that you can put over it on a timer it could probably help. Give it some outside time when the weather lets up and it should recover fine.
I mean every competent GM in the league knows that FA's are overpriced and you build through the draft. It's the structure of the contracts they give to the players that's the issue which tends to focus on shoring up short term goals by sacrificing long term value. The Cowboys always seem to be in the 'lets get under the cap this year' type of planning rather than long term cap management. It works and they managed to put together a pretty good team this year. But those contracts make it harder for the team to part ways with under performers and has a tendency to pay for players who aren't on the team. I agree letting Murray walk was the right decision, but it helped that the decision was partially made for them when they wouldn't be able to afford to resign him even if they wanted too.
Malcom Jenkins True leader on the field, but even bigger leader off the field. Delves into controversial issues that most people shy away from, but always with a reasonable and level head.
I was unimpressed with the M7 honestly. The T1 was completely innovative not only in the amount of cores it fit onto the processor, but the amount of threads it could handle per core. The M7 just added more cores and upped the clock speed but at the end of the day it's still the same architecture that's being asked to do the same workflow. If the x86 is the hot rod on the highway the T1 was the dump truck, and putting a supercharger in the dump truck isn't going to change the fact that it's a dumptruck. I do like that they made an attempt at addressing the FPU contention by moving some crypto libraries to the hardware. But I don't think that's necessarily game breaking considering the applications you would use it for.
Have you tried another police department like the Texas Rangers?
You'll never expunge the arrest. That sticks with you for life but it's not a big deal by itself. A conviction is what your trying to avoid. Could you get convicted of possession of a controlled substance? I mean sure you can people get railroaded all the time. Is it likely? Talk to your lawyer, we can't predict the outcome of a criminal case. Realistically, assuming all the facts you stated are correct probably not, but don't take my Internet opinion for more than that. What can a lawyer do? Ask the right questions to the right people. Make sure the DA is doing it's job and your not just another case number going through the bureaucracy. They will be able to evaluate the DA's evidence and give you a no shit assessment. Get a local lawyer if you can. They are more likely to know the DA's in your case and those personal connections do make a difference.
Found the southerner.
Facebook has to get their $$ worth somehow.
It's worth noting that Centrylink is specifically designed to amplify crowd noise. I'm not sure that we're that far off honestly...I haven't ever heard of Philly being called an easy place to play. But at the end of the day I'm all for any plan that gets more butts in the seats.
Each round everyone takes turns being the 'first' 8-8. So the Vikings can say let the Colts be the 'first' 8-8 in the first round since they don't care...that way when they get to the second round they are now the first 8-8 to pick.
I was looking for the actual rules related to the coin flip but I couldn't find any. All the rules I've found just say 'determined by a coin flip'. However, I think it's safe to say that this isn't something teams don't really have any say in the process and the coin flip is just a way for the league to say 'randomly determined'.
But looking things up in an encyclopedia might help you solve those problems.
Oh god. I'm not sure weather to upvote or downvote this. *looks around*....I'm out of coffee. Downvote!
You know what, fine put them there. Stick them right next to the podium so when you see Trump you see the military might that's backing him in the same frame. Lets make it very clear on day 1 what kind of president he'll be.
It's a lazy comparison and not really accurate under scrutiny. We have a lot of big differences, but everyone wants to change America to fit their view...not create a new country separate from America.
I grew up on Mr. Rogers Neighborhood. Every time I get down on politics I watch that video. It's a nice reminder that the government can be a force for good and that congress decisions directly effect peoples lives.
I get it. Throwing rocks are dangerous and she could have been seriously hurt. But damn, if every teenager was shot for stupid shit they did as a kid to other people half the population wouldn't be alive. She will probably be cleared legally due to the facts of the case. But just because it was legal doesn't mean it was justified.
Probably the same thing that happens now. No one really cares, it was all just a political witch hunt and now that they are out of office it will go away.
Those are some nice players....but I think I'll go with what we got honestly.
That's not an entirely fair comparison given the demographics of Washington DC and the surrounding area. I would be more curious to compare this to Bush in '04.
I don't think I've ever actually been asked, nor have I seen anyone asked when I was a manager. Maybe it's just not common in my industry.
I'm legitimately curious what would have happened if Marriota reunited with Chip in Philly. But given how things turned out I'm happy with what I got.
Not OP, but I litterally just hang the basket under a tree in my backyard and forget about it.
As scary as this is, wait until you start hearing 'official reports' from the EPA that climate change isn't real and we don't really need those pesky regulations on CO2.
You mean Mr. Alternative-Facts press secretary?
Internet comment section turns racist? Color me shocked.
So that means Trump will be able to take credit?
4(or 8) years is a long time, but it's not *that* long of a time. The fall of America as the worlds superpower is very premature.
&gt; “They’re trying to freeze things to make sure nothing happens they don’t want to have happen, so any regulations going forward, contracts, grants, hires, they want to make sure to look at them first. &gt;“This may be a little wider than some previous administrations, but it’s very similar to what others have done”. Relevant bit. I'm curious to know if this is *actually* normal or if he's just blowing hot air. I don't remember paying attention to it during the Obama presidency, but I'm sure this would be a very easily verifiable fact?
The question isn't so much 'are they on board with Trump?', but more 'can they continue to get what they want with Trump in office'? Until he actively screws them they will let Trump be Trump while they go about their own business.
You're talking millions of dollars....this is well beyond the scale of this sub to help you. You should get an estate attorney to look into it.
After having their church burned down and getting mocked you're trying to defend it saying 'they deserve it'? Tell me again how that's demonstrating love and compassion from someone claiming to be a Christian? If your heart is filled with the love of Jesus there should be no room for hate. Perhaps I'm wrong and it's just plain ignorance driving your opinion, in which case if I corrected some of your statements you might be receptive too it. But given that you are so stubbornly defending your position it appears that there is an emotional component, and it does not appear that compassion or love for your *fellow man* is something that is factoring into your opinion.
&gt; You are saying that opposing a group whose core teaching involves religiously motivated murder Stop right there. Your repeated attempt to characterize Islam as a death cult is not based on any rational fact. Someone who is using critical thinking would be able to identify the bias in their sources and seek to confirm them with other more *authoritative* sources. They would also be willing to change their opinion if presented with sufficient evidence. All your doing is regurgitating alt-right talking points that present a very biased and skewed perspective of Islam. You are making some very broad and frankly bigoted assumptions and can't seem to understand that when people don't share those assumptions your argument is incredibly bigoted.
Compensation means they got paid for something. It's probably a safe assumption that student aid doesn't count, but given the public nature of this you are probably smart to consult a lawyer. Perhaps talk to your local political party...it's likely they have a resource who could help.
Cheney enamoured evil. I'm not sold on Trump being anything other than incompetent.
I'm sure /u/mistersavage would also be excited to join.
Maybe, or they are happy to let him be the lightning rod while they push those solutions. At the end of the day I believe that Trump is really just reacting and saying what's off the top of his head. It's Bannon who is more shrewd and will be able to twist this into stricter voter ID laws.
Remember the last time that the President of the United States invented facts and commissioned 'special government reports' from the Intelligence community? We got the war in Iraq. Right now it's just voting rights at stake. Next, it could be a fucking war. I get that I'm going to disagree with his politics, but I can't get over this stated break from reality.
Good call. We need some science based chants.
As MarchforScience was peculating when this popped up out of nowhere. It's sponsored so they are probably a little further along organizing. But it seems like this is getting more traction since it's a bit more grass roots. I wouldn't be surprised to see some consolidation at some point.
Maybe we should just brand all criminals with a tattoo on their forehead? That way we can make sure that once you are a criminal everyone in society will see you as one and know that you are a permanently shitty human being and do not deserve to be part of society. After all, we wouldn't want people to be able to reform their lives and show other people a better way based on their experiences.
The consensus I've heard is the burgers are better at BK, but the fries are better at MCD.
There are about 200 million reasons why it won't happen.
I get that you think the Russia calls are a distraction by the Democrats but your tilting at windmills. Maybe if you were talking about election interference you might have a point but this is specifically talking about sanctions for Crimea and East Ukraine. So, you think it's OK for a nation to annex land from another sovereign country and we should just accept it with no consequences? So what exactly do you think America *should* do? I'm assuming your not naive enough to think that if Trump were in power Putin wouldn't have annexed Crimea. Also, I'm curious why you think that Russia is an ally against ISIS when every report and international observer has pointed out that Russia isn't just attacking ISIS in Syria but every rebel group against Assad. Don't you think it's possible that Russia might be using ISIS as an excuse to support their ally militarily and keep him in power? At the end of the day you are lobbying to keep Assad in power, Syria under Russian control and legitimizing the annexation of Crimea. I don't see how that outcome benefits the United States.
Yea, I get the sentiment but unfortunately this might be illegal. You can't legally single out an organization like from government funds because they are doing something you don't like even if you aren't paying for it. This is how planned parenthood gets attacked. Your best bet is to contact congress and stop funding of the wall. At least put pressure on them to not approve funding for the wall until they have a way of paying for it that doesn't involve my tax dollars.
You mean a blog post that just speculates and doesn't actually prove anything? As reported by the Washing Times a well known tabloid paper. Yea, a rational person would evaluate their sources every once in a while and see if they are actually proving the point that they are trying to make. You should really use some critical thinking when forming your opinions.
We aren't even near impeachment levels yet a coup isn't even a remote possibility right now. In order to get to that point it would have to take something completely a-political that causes widespread concern among military commanders. You aren't going to see a coup because he banned abortion, but if say he tried to do a preemptive nuclear strike on China over a failed trade negotiations that may cause an issue.
Code violation. In the grand scheme of thin it's 'minor' but anyone working electrical boxes should know better and if inspected could cause issues for the building.
I'm curious, do you actually enjoy yourself in this sub? I see you on every post that's even remotely political presenting the most alt-right talking points in an incredibly trolling manner. Is this fun for you?
Why does everyone assume DeFilippo wants to leave? The only person who has a right to be mad is him, and by all accounts he's just business as usual.
He would keep renewing it as long as he could get away with it and it be popular among his supporters. Congress would be happy to sit back and let Trump take the fall from any backlash. By forcing a court challenge in order for this to be maintained Congress will now have to act which will also put them as the responsible party.
So you get one free 'beat the shot out of your wife' a year as long as it doesn't end up in the hospital. This is how The Purge starts.
That eagle looks like its undead.
I love it when Reddit is infomative. Your the real MVP
The headline isn't that Banning got assigned, it's that anyone with any actual knowledge is getting removed. The president of the United States may make partisan political decisions, but he should at least be getting information that s not politically tainted. This is Banning consolidating power.
The implementation of Trumps plan was so chaotic that it left a lot of people who *have* permanent legal status in the United States stranded overseas. These are people who have legal standing to be here and if the order was properly vetted through normal legal channels they would have been exempted. With no clear direction from Trump it was really up to the gate agents to figure out how to implement this on their own, and coupled with the judge issuing an injunction there is really a lot of confusion and chaos. What *should* be happening right now is business as usual, but there have been several reports of gate agents ignoring the judges order and trying to figure it out on their own(I don't entirely blame them, Trump left them out to dry on this one). The administration isn't going to make sure the judges order is enforced so what are the people who are *actually* effected supposed to do? Well one thing they can do is petition their government to ensure that they are following the law. I think we could have honest disagreement about the travel ban, but the implementation of this was so chaotic from an administrative standpoint that politics aside this is objectively just not good governance.
Maybe it was self debasing humor? I mean it's *possible* he wants to lighten the mood with the press. Possibly his own internal acknowledgment that "Hey guys I'm doing the best I can but do you see what I have to work with?". I mean really, Spicer is not your target. We need to stop fighting this game in the media and start fighting it on policy.
I think it's possible for the mere fact that Democrats don't have quite the same level of ideological purity that Republicans do. While their are some core democratic platform issues that would be difficult to overcome it could be possible to find a conservative Democrat who could capture those voters. I think the biggest issue you would have to resolve is the pro-choice stance.
While everyone is focused on the governor count, let me answer your actual question. My guess would be term limits for senators and congressmen would be their first choice. That has a somewhat populist stance that you could probably even get a lot of Democrats behind it as a way to keep the establishment out of office. The idea is that by constantly having to elect new people the representatives have to fight for your vote. However, the reality is that what you are really doing is setting up representatives so they have nothing to lose and creating a system where the legislature is outsourced to the establishment.
I don't know why, but that hit me right in the feels.
He hasn't hit it yet, but given how he's governed in his first week the Chaos will catch up to him. Maybe he'll get enough black eyes before we get to that point that he'll get the message. Personally, I think it's unlikely but we'll see.
I've been planning something similar to this for a few planters in my back yard. Good idea on the tub inserts to protect the wood. I'm gonna have to steal that idea. It will at least work on a few of the smaller planters I want to build, not so sure it will work on my raised garden bed that's going to be a tad bit bigger.
If your thinking about 'setting her up' don't, that's going to end up working against you. When it comes to crazy best advice is to just leave it alone and observe from a distance. Don't every try to directly confront crazy.
I think the proof is going to be in the pudding on if the JSC has access to the president. This could just be a paperwork drill and the JSC is in regular attendance has access and influences with the president that it's a non-issue. I mean, if we are to be honest at the end of the day Donald Trump will listen and take advice from who ever he wants and their realistically isn't much we can do. It really is going to take for some incident to happen for this to become something that's realistically actionable. However, who the President is listening to for advice will make for some interesting investigative subpoena when the Senate conducts it's trial.
After the blowup about T-shirts during the election I'm surprised the mods are sponsoring anything. Edit: Word
The problem is what do you do about our naturally murky water that doesn't also drastically impact our natural environment. I can't overstate the sensitive nature of the ecology which is already under stress from shipping. As a resident I'd be interested in hearing proposals, but I'm very sensitive to anything that would impact the environment for purely ascetic reasons. I will say one thing. If you are truly concerned about improving the beauty of the Galveston beaches....**PICK UP YOUR FUCKING TRASH!**
This is such a silly order given that it doesn't even really reflect how the process works. He put a marketing slogan in an executive order and at the end of the day it's most likely to be ignored. That is, assuming, that the president doesn't ignore the law when cutting regulations.
There are a lot of oyster farms in the bay....that number may be about accurate.
After living on the East coast for 16 years and finally moving back to small town Texas from Philly here are the things I noticed: 1. No Wawa, or any wawa substitute. They try to trick you into thinking Buccees is the best thing ever...but we know that everything they do is vastly inferior to the gobbler. 2. Disdain for public transportation and urban living. Even in some of our biggest cities I'm surprised by the amount of push back for any public transportation. While you hear some people talking about wanting to live in an walkable urban environment they still want their two car garage and yard. 3. You're not anonymous anymore. Even in the big cities because the density is so much lower you tend to run into the same people over and over. Hope you like your neighbors.
I say let it go somewhere else. We get to be the standard that every other city is judged by....and it will become more and more obvious how awesome Philly really is.
Well if you judge the team based on the number of wins, no I think the Browns will be lucky to have 4 wins this year. However, I think the big change is they will be more competitive in their losses...and by that measure I think they can consider the season a success.
I honestly think he's just doing what he has to do in front of the microphone with Trump and saving his real silver bullets for something really important. Remember we very well could see a situation where Trump tries to start use the military to distract from his politics. McMaster is a intelligence adviser, not a political adviser. At the end of the day McMaster only has one card to play if he needs to stop Trump form doing something stupid with the military....resigning. It would be much more impactful for McMaster to resign over Trump ordering a military action than to resign over not wanting to make some press statement.
They don't have to...it's already going to happen naturally as American products are required to meet European standards.
I don't think I would try to mess with bamboo in that spot...even clumping bamboo spreads and their isn't a lot of barriers their to keep it contained long term. I'd go with spruce/pines or other fast growing conifers.
Part of me wants to go back in time and give teenage you the mkfile command.
It was pretty obvious to anyone with half a brain to realize this was just trolls. I'm really curious why the chronicle picked it up without doing some simple basic fact checking it. I expect a lot more out of local print media if they want to be considered a relevant news source. I'm very disappointed and hope that their editors address the seriously lacking journalistic standards.
I mean, what do you expect from a state that was founded as "whites only".
I think you are underestimating how small and incestuous the League is. People talk and organizations get a reputation, their is a reason the Redskins can't attract good talent. And it's worth noting that Smith's agent also represents a lot of current Eagles players. It's rarely a smart business decision to burn a long term contact for short term gains.
Trump isn't selling anything, because no one is buying. The 'plan' is just recycled GOP talking points that can't even pass muster in their own party. The news should stop giving this guy attention just because he wants to talk about something, make him actually do something first.
I'm willing to put money on people being reminded about the bathroom bill during the next election.
Oh, 'internal investigations'. What do you think the focus of the FBI is going to be now?
&gt; South Korea is suspending the deployment of a controversial missile defence system while the government examines its **environmental impact.** Fundamentally this is a domestic issue in SK where the SK President is trying to support his base who's concerned about increased militarization of the border. The reality is the THADD installation doesn't need those launchers, it's about the radar dish that connects to predict launch trajectories. THADD protects American cities, not South Korea so their is no risk for the SK president to make an issue of it. It's a diplomatic dog and pony show, with a subtle burn thrown in about Trump pulling out of Paris. A well respected and diplomatic president should be able to smooth this over so that every time we talk about North Korea this doesn't come up. This is just a distraction, but it's a distraction we don't need.
ELI5: The FBI is supposed to be independent and their are procedures the president is supposed to go through to talk to them. The president crossed that line several times leading up to firing the director. The reason he crossed the line is because he wanted to stop the investigation into his campaign because it looked bad for him.
So does that mean their is a current counter intelligence investigation going on independent of Muller to take the 'other actions'?
Congress is *literally* the only one who can answer that question.
What it does is put Republicans on the clock. It's going to sit dead in committee like it should, but if the minority party wants to they do have a parliament procedure to force a vote on dead bills. This could be used as red meat to get them 'on the record' for supporting Trump. A useful tool if you're looking to win some close congressional seats.
The honest response is, what is your threshold for an impeachable offense?
I love how people think that Trump has to say some special set of magic words for it to be an order.
I agree, but it doesn't matter. Honestly, I'm not even sure yet that impeachment is going to be the final result. The real impact to all this will be that Trump won't be able to advance his agenda at all as Democrats can use this to push for extreme oversight of the president as he's already crossed the line multiple times.
Comey stated that Trump wasn't successful in his attempts, not that he didn't try. It's his bumbling attempts that's going to get him in trouble.
In 15 years that will be a coverup.
I'd rather it take longer and get the right results than rush into it with an incomplete case.
Maybe try to redirect her away from Succulents to Bromeliads? Several Neoregelia and Tillandsia will actually do quite well in lower light terrariums as long as they aren't over watered.
2 inch long roaches that get into your house. I currently have a possum problem from a neighbor that doesn't trim his.
I feel like I need to point out that proper palm tree care says you trim those fonds back in the winter when it's done growing.
And I see people advocateing for biblical law a lot more. It's not a serious issue other than tomget people riled up.
He offered to answer questions under oath. If you're an investigator you take that opportunity.
My theory is they will get right to the brink, then decide that this was all just a really terrible idea and we should all just have a pint and go home.
Someone suggested they should go to Chicago and pose with Obama. That would be the best response.
Pretty sure I saw on twitter that they already backed down from this.
Good for you, now why did you recuse yourself?
If you're talking impeachment for real it's not something you can push. It's something that has to rise naturally.
That looks like a "I dun fucked up" face.
Hiding behind executive privilege even though the president didn't evoke it.
Republicans found a hero...that still completely misses the point.
Do you know Texas politics? Anyone answering directly to the people(the house) is opposed to the bill. Anyone who works for a political corporation(Statewide GOP elected) is for the bill.
How? If I can get materials cheaper, increase profit margins and then hire more workers that's good for our economy. Nothing is completely vertically integrated.
Insults are just water off a ducks back...I highly doubt Muller would be influenced by that. Now, (not so) subtle threats to fire him after Trump just fired Comey to end the investigation...that would get someone looking in your direction very hard. Trump is his own worst enemy.
They absolutely should. Boycotting a vote does not make it illegitimate....that's not how democracy works. I have zero sympathy for people who chose not to participate then complain about it.
As soon as Trump had someone in office who was legally allowed to fire Comey, Trump directed him to write a cover story. Rosenstein followed orders but was obviously uncomfortable with the fact that he was being left out to dry by himself with no real communication assistance from the White House. This resulted in Trump interviewing with Lester Holt to try to put another spin on the firing. In that interview he admitted he was thinking of Russia when he fired Comey and bashed the former FBI director personally. He then continued to attack Comey and the FBI integrity which ultimately resulted in Comey publicly stating the reason for his dismissal. He just does not seem to realize that he's his own worst enemy. Their is a plausible way that he could have gotten away with firing Comey with just a little political noise and no real consequences. It would have required them to come up with a coherent message that provides a plausible explanation while maintaining a respectful tone. Edit: Words
Galveston gets about 2-3 drownings a year. Usually alcohol is involved. It's rare, but not uncommon. But yea, compared the the amount of visitors we get it's such a small percentage that it's nothing to be alarmed about if you're planning a visit.
Their are a *huge* number of people in that last group that don't also realize how influential he is on Trumps policies. That's the kind of thing that needs to be exposed. Not everyone is on Reddit, and the assumption is the last group of people who don't really know who Jones is will reject him and the people who support him.
Would still rather deal with Pence than Trump.
Man they are thinking way to small. If you're trying to save a buck they should all just claim to be Jehovah Witness. No more paying for blood transfusions or most surgeries.
Their is no way Democrats don't spin this into a victory. A district that Trump won by 20 points had an 18 point swing in 6 months. It was always a longshot but the current track still bodes well for the midterms. And things can still change between now and next year. Edit: So many haters. Remind me again how the SC-5 went....
So how much fu draising money do you think the DNC banked off of Ossaff? Despite this being the most expensive race ever you knowmthey kept a big chunck for themselves.
I think my favorite part of the bill are the block grants that won't cover the actual expense of medicaid and expect the states to somehow make that up. And when they are too poor or don't want to raise taxes to cover the gaps you're now into not enough funds to cover the actual expenses and states will be forced to ration healthcare. Did someone say death panels?
Or the fact that we had senate hearings about sexually assaulting a woman. I mean we can play this game all day but that's the problem....we shouldn't be having to play this game at all.
That is a prickly pear.
The problem is they would have issues hunting and catching prey. They are in that weird spot where they are too big and not quick enough to hunt small rodents effectively(like say a jack rustle), and although they have a powerful bite, short legs and not fast enough to really be assistance in pack hunting larger game.
You need about 8 inches deep of solid stone to produce a root barrier for bamboo. Wood could also work, but it would go right through fabric. Yes, their are several varieties of clumping bamboo that don't spread and are useful for landscaping.
Yea, we just moved to Ladybirds. We're on Facebook.
And Pederson was coaching High School......
He directed Howie to make the effort. The Titans weren't moving and would need a blockbuster trade to even look up, and Howie's heart wasn't in it enough to make the effort.
Seems like it would be a big PITA to mow that little hill. I don't think I would sod it, it's probably more trouble than it's worth and won't add that much to the looks. I feel like what you really are looking for is a transition from the tree line to the yard. My first thought would be either some sort of low shrub or large decorative grasses just to give you something interesting to look at. It's kind of hard to make actual suggestion without knowing more about your yard and climate.
If you haven't lived through the 'hanging chad' nightmare then their is no way you can claim that paper ballots are more full proof. The problem is this proprietary software with little oversight. This is one of those areas where the free market is not in a position to provide integrity in the solution.
He's just talking himself into a logic circle that sounds really good to his supporters. But will come crashing apart as soon as it smacks into someone who has a grasp on reality.
Their are a lot of countries he takes a very hard line with...and very few he doesn't.
I'm sorry, but despite what the GOP hate machine spewed, Obama was a moderate.
They are just waiting for Trump to provide another distraction so they can slip a vote in. He tried yesterday with the tweet storm, but the MSM isn't falling for it like they used too.
Yea, I noticed that myself. Rivalry aside, I hope he's looking out for his body. Having a broken back sucks enough as it is, but brain injury is pretty serious.
I don't know dude, it's not just palace intrigue if their are actual consequences. Firing your GM right at the start of Free Agency is a pretty big deal that has a major effect on any organization. No matter what you think of the he said/she said reporting, the results were still a dumpster fire.
The shitty part is not only did they screw themselves, they really screwed over the rest of the league. QB salaries have been on the rise forever, but he really blew the top off the market for a 'good enough' QB and now all the teams get to pay for that mistake. In two years when we're negotiating for Wentz instead of paying him the 17-20 mil he's actually worth, I wouldn't be surprised to see us having to fork over almost 30mil/year.
It's not a horrible idea. Although evolution 'lost' that show, it presented enough evidence that it got people talking.
You know damn well he was referring to the Bush administration and not talking about a Swedish diplomat...see the difference? Or are you seriously trying to say that we just all misunderstood the Bush Administration and they never actually claimed said their were WMD's in Iraq? &gt; In a February 2003 speech to the U.N. Security Council, Powell alleged that Iraq was hiding weapons of mass destruction from inspectors and refusing to disarm. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_Security_Council_and_the_Iraq_War#Colin_Powell.27s_presentation
Yep, you defeat real trolls the same way you defeat online trolls. Starve them of attention.
Canada's military is no joke. They may not have the bombs or numbers as the US, and they don't get let off the base very often. But when they do get to see some action they pull some seriously heroic shit almost every time. I'm fully convinced they could repel an invasion with 5 hunting rifles and a moose.
IIRC if they retire the dead money goes away.
Sure, why not. I guess I shouldn't get too hung up on terminology but anytime someone dies at the hands of the government it's not the desired result.
As they should.
I'm looking forward to Conservatives telling me how Democrats are obstructing appointments that don't need approval.
It was a cheap lottery ticket. Unless you think Kelly would have made the team it's not a big loss.
They usually like stashing at least one QB on the practice squad. Because QB's have to know the entire offense they are really versatile when you're running drills.
Not paying attention to where you're swimming and smacking the hell out of your hand on a ladder. I've managed to klutz myself into a couple of bruises in the pool.
I'll probably end up using Wentz as a streaming option.
I mean, lets not over sell it. Most of these people probably used this as an excuse to start their weekend early.
