Youll be fine as long as you hit the up button.
The vile apostrophe pollutes all
Good luck finding one in the US.
My bad I guess, I have just never seen one for sale, but i may not be looking in the correct area
Dresden would have hired Kincaid to shoot him in the head the day before the fight. Dresden doesn't need to dick around with expelearmus
I was a member briefly, I let the membership lapse after some of the political bullshit mailers I started getting from them, conservative crap that had nothing to do with the 2nd amendment
And the bank can pay you restitution for their fuckup, or the yard guys can pay. Its not like they mowed the lawn, they did permanent damage to features of the landscape.
YOU CANNOT DISAGREE WITH MY "BOWEL MOVEMENT" IT IS THE ONE TRUE MOVEMENT!!
DONT LISTEN TO THOSE YELLOW RUNNING DOG LACKEYS OF THE PROLETOILET
I think blowing g up the moon is the first sentence, so not much
An overreaction to the poster family of hypocrisy who this all molesters should be killed, who's son had a job as head of a nationals organization spreading propaganda that gays are child molesters, while his dad covered it up and let it go on for 3+ more years and 4 more kids that we know about? And then none of them got any proper counseling because jeebus? When the jackals es make it all about God forgiving them, and not a fucking thought to the actual victims? No, it's not overblown.
She ain't borderline
Might want to confirm this, embassy just has to get you back to us soil, might mean just California, and not new York, but they will generally do what they can.
Good enough.
Give him a peanut butter sandwich. Everything likes peanut butter, and and since this is Australian, if he likes you, he will kill you last.
24 hour CVS may have something that will work.
Bird?? I thought it was the harpoon point
My grandfather was pretty much gone at the end, but when I showed him my new Swiss army knife he immediately started trying to take apart the chair he was strapped into. Muscle memory is amazing.
Have one with hole in heart and missing valve. Just found out, he's On meds, he's about 8 and the said he has about a year or two. Expensive vet visits, and your pet insurance won't cover it probably.
Separate blankets
Sounds like a good idea
I do this. Doesn't phase me
I think i have a copy of nasas own space habatat study book from the 70s/80. Pm me tuesadysih when I am home again, I might be able to send you info.
Firehouses. They are pretty good about helping out runners. Source: Dad was a runner, your mileage may vary.
Given time, yes.
I'll be in my wine cellar.
Yeah, I saw that a few years ago. The documentary was more recent, they spent a lot of time figuring out the number of teeth on the gears and things like that, but it seemed like thy had rebuilt and accounted for all the bits they had.
Hes not even that fluffy for a samoyed.
More crippling than than circumcising boys, or getting infants ears pierced, but same basic idea.
You got off easy. Source: Have dad.
At high doses water is lethal.
fuck em, couter with 1$ less
Yesss, boss.
Any movie that has Bruce Campbell in it is by definition a good movie.
Wtf happened now?
Yep, but some people just declare their purse dog an emotional support animal to take him shopping, whereas some people have dogs trained to stop ptsd panic attacks. Hence the debate
Mom is obviously trying to do something shady, or she would get the license herself.
Then your mom should take the damn licensing class and get the license and access herself, and then get you to translate if that all she really wants. Your mom is doing something g shady, , and settings g you up to take all the risks. I guarantee your if you do this 2 years from now you'll be doing an ama about what it's like to be a felon in Canada
Your mom is pressuring you to commit fraud by exporting you. Are there other family members you could go to? Conversely, I ft his is all legal, have her write up her proposal, sign it, and you can take it to the states attorney general or real estate licensing people and give her proposal to them to ask about the legality. If it's all as above board as she's saying, then there should be no problem, right? THIS IS HOW PEOPLE GO TO JAIL.
You are coming out on the short end of the deal, and your mom is screws g you. Talk to the rest of the family.
You sound Caucasian. Of course no one has a whites only waterfountain up, but how many people are looked over for jobs and promotions because of their skin tone. How many people sit around with beers and blame all the crime on backs and Mexicans, and vote about welfare Queens, and Obama being a Muslim with a fake birth certificate? How many people are proud your state has the KKK flag worked did to the official state flag that flies over the Capitol every day?
When you have the KKK flag still being flown at full height while the state and national flags flown at half mast for 9 people murdered to start a race war, people tend to notice and have a problem with it.
Yeah. I'm willing to bet if they had just lowered it it would have blown over.
It is if you an irishman in 1845. /too soon?
Carpool in clarendon
It was OA one of the other companies doing rockets, also known as atk I think, they merged with someone else awhile ago. I am not sure what their contracts are. They stopped trading for a day or so after the explosion, jus the sec/market stops kicking in due to it falling so far, they were never removed from the market or anything.
They can participate the same damned way coca cola, Exxon, the boy scouts, or my book club can.
Sounds like someone need to be deported.
Could be a ghost image, but lightening connects first with tendrils coming up from the ground, these are often visible from what I have seen. That house/lawn just missed a direct hit.
FUCKING RUN
Joined day 2-3 i think
I think it grew out of that "I can count to potato" meme, as applied to video.
Ah, that's a better explanation, I thought it was foam padding
We have those forms. It's called "marriage". Fuck these people, they can make up their own Jesus name for their screwy stuff.
Sorry. I disagree. People have been forming partnerships and families long before the Jesus freaks got involved. And no, were not going to change then name to suit these bigots.
Perfect
Peanut butter and cheese
She doesn't like sad stores, you do. I don't like them either. Get over it.
It's an option under where you choose to ship it to. They have them at bunches of 7-11s, its great. Just pick whichever one you want and you get a text with the code to open the locker.
Depends. The really good hummus, the place will actually remove the skins from the chick peas, that adds to the time.
It would. But you would need 100 miles worth of atmosphere to provide sea level pressure.
That's not a hooker, its a damned mynock. You've been alone in space way too long.
Bullshit. It's Spain, not the moon. Your kid is sick, you go to a goddamned hospital, you don't rub fruit on him. Edit, my bad, thought he meant the parents
Send clowns with 500k to buy more beer. Pocket rest of cash. Sit on mountain of beer with clowns and drink beer. Don't need to do anything else, those Olympics are already going to be a complete shitshow.
Anyone who's spouting Ayn Rand bullshit. GROWNUPS ARE TALKING, NOW HUSH AND GO READ A REAL BOOK.
I think bill Murray also had a story about Thompson and a hangover cure. They had been partying hard for days, and Murray suddenly realized he had an audition in a few hours and was way too fucked up to manage it. Thompson mixed a bunch of stuff in a blender, had Murray chug it, and told him to lie down for 2 hour. Murray said he woke up 2 hours later feeling perfectly sober and better than he ever had in his life, aced the audition, and never did find out what was in the blender. I probably have details wrong.
I never thought of them as fantasy, but that's fair. They get more interesting in wizard and demon. The first one is a more or less wilderness adventure first contact story. The second two get more interesting and more bizarre, as things evolve and fall apart. I loved them, but its more about characters than about sci Fi.
Yeah, thats really bad. Are you under 25? Get that looked at in the next month or be dead in the next year.
Or if someone drops a zero on an order, or if the automated systems shit themselves again like they did a few years ago.
They also make pink hello kitty real assault rifles, and guns in multiple day glo colors.
Steve irwin was also a lifelong expert on those reptiles, and know exactly what he could get away with.
No, its when he runs out of money to bet again
My bad. Lemme change that to something that looks just like an assault rifle in hello kitty and day glow colors.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLpgxry542M Hell with lasers....
Nah, I am just someone who understands the difference between a full auto hello kitty rifle and a semi auto one, or a realistic toy doesn't make much of a difference in a shoot/don't shoot situation when some dipshit carries one into a starbucks.
Meh, I need some moron to heckle on facebook
It's easy. They are being lied to for someone else's gain.
That and the all day static front page.
That too.
Nah, go for /r/JusticeServed , justiceporn got taken over by a psychomod.
You are technically correct, the best kind of correct
There's no point in talking to him. I would either avoid or ignore him or openly mock him by interrupting him by telling he is 100% correct and asking that he bestow more wisdom on you. Or something, find your own style. Maybe question him about the proper way to slaughter innocents, or demand guidance on some of the other hypocritical points in the bible or something.
The weren't secret videos, they were fraudulently altered and edited videotapes.
They are not vandals. They are freeing the Phoenix goat. LONG LIVE PHOENIX GOAT!!
I'm guessing there's an armed robbery at 8th and T. :)
Yeah, but would you want to live in Saudi?
When you meet one asshole a day, you met an asshole. When everyone you meet is an asshole, you're the asshole.
This assumes the guy can read
Step 1: pour oil on jennifer lawrence. Step 2: like I would ever get to step 1. Step 3: big energy sector profits. Edit try vanguard vine energy sector fund, it's way the hell down
Seveneves? Set in almost present day but extensive space habitat living
Thanks
Lot of arid areas in the outback that camels do well in. I think the US has a couple of wild herds that were brought here as an attempt at camel cavalry back in the day.
It's going to systems full of burning ships, same as it always does.
IM pretty sure about 1000 of those are mine. Edit: My bad, 1,401 and one of them.
You are not far off. He likes to create fantastic environments and then dump barbarians into them.
I stand corrected.
Oh, he was totally sarcastic
Contact AMEX. Ask them the best way to proceed. This is what they do, They handle thousands of things like this a day, i bet.
Dude, super soaker 9000. Cat has no idea what the fuck just happened,except counters bad.
Because metro is always a clusterfuck.
REctal probes
Cryptonomicon is essentially a story set in present day, with a alternative reality going back to WW2 dealing with cryptography. Very true to reality, if created history. The man knows history, and math, and it shows. It follows a slightly fictional history of cryptography through different family members in different timelines, in different areas. think bletchely park, south pacific, other places, and modern bitcoins and civil rights issues. I greatly enjoyed it, and think I learned a lot along the way. Although I am sure someone will come in and explain how I am wrong, it is a few years since i read the book. Oh, and he cant end a story properly. But its great up till then, and the endings are "okish" but not quite what you were hoping for. My favorites by him are snow crash, which remeber was written pre virtual realtiy and google earth, diamond age, zodiac was a fun read, the big u was shall we say, not his best work, I loved seveneves, COuldnt get past the frogs in the baroque cycle, and have a few more to tackle. Oh, and his in the beginning there was the command line is a good read if you are into computers. Good or bad, I have always learned stuff from him in an entertaining way.
Went to one in Sapporo. Was much cheaper than hotel internet(I had a hotel) and the cheap room had a better setup than my home or office. REasonably ergonomic chair, great mouse and keyboard, good screen, videogame access, etc, etc. Bigger rooms had bigger screens, easy chairs, chouches etc. Had big manga book selection for purchase, and exelent selection of snack food machines for a fairly small enterprise. More coffee/tea drink machines tha nred bull ever dreamed of. Including a french fry machine. Which I never tried.
Dude, fuck it. If it works, get a DNA check before having kids, other than that dont fuck up something good over cultural nonsense.
Fuck this. I hate pork. Bacon and sausage are fine. Pork sucks. Not muslem
I saw this. The models keep scaling up. WERE ALL GOING TO DIEEEEEE
Yeah, this HOA sounds insane
Or it will find a new kind of host it was never partners with before
There is a mash episode about this
Hes using the rubber ducks as decoys to lure them in.
No, they want you to give them money.
Only if its an exact copy. Bigger smaller or partial copying is fine I believe.
Our bodies need a certain chemical balance to continue the reactions that keep us alive. We evolved a billion years ago in a salt ocean, and still need salty water to survive, even if it is internally.
They are known for posting lots of puppy and kitten and fluff happy pictures and get a bunch of followers who don't know what they are. Imagine if an unknown branch of the westbourough church was posting cat pictures on reddit.
I think baptists and a few other protestans are big on the hole body dunking. More magic water on you that way. Need to get the sins around the privates washed too.
You should really start that paragraph off with "I'm not racist, but..."
"The futuristic looks are definitely right up his alley." I think you are hanging out in the wrong alleys.
You have convinced me that it is pointless to continue this discussion. Congrats, you win!
THat was part 1, they also put it on top of tall building that was undergoing explosive demolition, blew it the fuck up, retrieved it from the wreckage, and it still fucking drove. Its why it wound up in a place of honor on the plinth in thier studio for the rest of the show, fucker was unkillable. Even drove into the studio under its own power at the end. I found more: https://youtu.be/xnWKz7Cthkk?t=485 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFnVZXQD5_k
Laws were written that specified fax for certain documents
Assault and battery?
Did you miss the part where he reaches in the car and grabs him? And you are not calling the cops for this, you are calling the cops because hes a dangerously deluded paranoid with tendencies to violence.
Fair enough. If your camera "malfunctions" often enough then you will be let go. If the camera malfunctions, and you continue to pursue the subject, you are offered no other protection than an ordinary citizen making an arrest.
Thats not a "union" problem, its a societal problem. People dont like their friends to get into trouble.
"Accidental"
Want merlin the scion of a human and something else? That might alter the equation
It's in there for problem cases of people moving in with girlfriends/boyfriends in the dorm. Unless you are annoying your roommate noone is going to care, or if it's really, really obvious you don't have a home.
No. Someone had to say it. But you should totally read his books, they're fantastic.
Awwwww, I always wanted to develop my fake psychic powers.
Depends on the animal. My old dog was extremely friendly, but very protective of his car. I don't think he would have actually attacked for breaking the window, but he would bark the shit out of you. He might bite you if you tried to take anything out of his car, including him.
Could this be a joke about how bad the other players are at soccer?
Things like that can be dangerous, without blood circulation you can basilcy cook body parts with relatively low warmpth, and can cause shock also. It's why you don't put hypothermia or frostbite into a hot bathtub
Quick, kill it! If you take out the master car all the other enthralled cars will be freed! Drive a wooden stake through its motor, or cut off its control panel.
No good, they can heal from that by the next dawn.
Cop is yelling exactly the wrong stuff to actually calm her down. Yelling CALM DOWN doenst work, and usually only makes people more agitated. Either he is not trained properly, or doesnt care.
Are there ramps? That may be why shes not on the sidewalk.
Hey, you know what? She fucked up, got a lesson. She was cool, elk was cool, I am calling this a positive for everyone.
My mom was able to use this service a couple of time during chemo. Amazing how big a difference a little help makes when you're tired all the time.
&gt; ame neighbors called the city on one of the nicest neighbors I've ever known about his boat that he had in his driveway for a week after he had just moved in. He was still trying to find a marina to take it to. &gt; Busybody neighbors can get in line and kiss my ass. Youre too nice. I would have declared it a pink lawn flamingo sanctuary and decorated accordingly. THe dandelions are there for the flamingos, DO THEY WANT THE FLAMINGOS TO STARVE?
If you configure it, your controller will have a little floating display of what the camera sees next to the mai. One
YEs yes yes, any necessary service can only be provided by private industry, because they always have a citizens best interest in mind, and not profit.
Yeah. The guy has no idea what hes talking about. They would need a series of waterproof locks that I think you would have trouble making out of steel today.
Theres a show on where they talk about the stepped pyramyds evolving pyramids that failed, that evolved to that bent pyramid that almost failed, that turned into the modern pyramid(so to speak) where they got the height to base ratio right, and you can still see how some of them bulge a bit if you use laser surveying tools. If I can remember the name ill post it, was on either nova or netflix.
Yes, to get re-elected. Which is driven by what the citizens want. Granted, corruption gets involved, usually by private industry offering money to help with re-election. But why would private industry try to buy elected officials to get contracts if they could actually compete with gvt run programs?? Oh,right, profit at citizens expense.
"Low earth orbit is halfway to everywhere" -Someone important whos name I cant remember
Fuck you, I am in brave newbies, were all spais.
That is how you don't own that shit.
&gt; Funny thing? I didn't realize my sister was from another father until I was 16 years old, and my girlfriend asked why my sister looked nothing like me and my brothers. AS it should be.
Plus as much money as they can force out of the citizenry. If only there was some way they could band together to create an organization that could perform the same service without skimming extra profit off the top
Someone has to pay he 10k$ emergency room bill. Welcome to privatized medicine.
What did they do?
It varies a lot. I think in DC they are required to.
There is a limit to what they can do to help. They are not in control of the country. They can help you get a lawyer or at least advise you, they can see to it that you get food and basic necessities in jail(some places you don't unless you pay), and they can demand to do a welfare check and meeting once a quarter or so, which can be refused. And there is not a whole hell of a lot beyond that they can do to help unless you can provide some incentive to the local government, or the case is embarrassing the country you are in. Don't go to shitholes with fucked up laws.
Look, there is no reason for this. This is the internet age, instead of doing this by yourself I am sure you could find some nice girl/guy who would be into coming over for "netflix and crushing your balls with a ball peen hammer."
Holy crap. Go read that. They are deleting stuff from people recommending to go to other specific threads in other subreddits that haven't been censors to hell and gone. Like askreddit.
That would cost them money
not quite the same thing, but I have heard of blood types changing after a bone marrow transplant.
Theredpill
1.5
Fucking moron. Explosions do a lot more damage when contained, like in your goddamn shorts.
&gt; Jesus, most of my shits have some kind of prayer attached. Tone down the hot sauce by about 20%/
Book I read (science fiction) had FTL missiles with some kind of warp thingy, missle would drop out of warp periodically to check targeting. What the target "saw" was the impact of the missile and then the missile popping into existence at intervals moving away from the impact point. Always thought it was an interesting perspective.
My dad builds fire engine models. What is he really going to get out of it? WHo will ever care if he builds them all or gets an award. Hes not helping humanity. FUck it HE ENJOYS IT.
You're goddamn right they are. There is a reason the have our oldest embassy, they saved our asses in the revolution.
Go back to /r/redpill
Look her up on Facebook. It's never to late to apologize for dumbassery
Try reading the Bible. It's all about murdering people for your beliefs.
Discordianism.
The element is fine. The compounds will kill you dead.
There have been bunches of theories on how this was built that I have seen, they all seem plausible and rely on lots of guys and levers more or less. I am waiting till they find some evidence
Oh, it will show us ways that it could have worked, but not necessarily what they actually did.
Hansel and Gretel also.
Yeah, I think there is a guy that has a hamburger printer. No, I'm not kidding. Meat grows on it and is scraped off layer by layer
Is reminding me of breeze from home in latvia
Yeah, fecal transplants are curing a lot of extreme gut/bowel issued.
Autism is a spectrum. If you are the guy with a mild case who is a socially awkward engineer who just doesn't understand social cues, you probably wouldn't take it. If you are the guy in an institution from self harming outbursts who can't talk or function normally, this might be a miracle cure.
Similar riddle answer according to pratchett: Casanunda: Simple. You go up to the smaller guard and say 'Tell me which door leads to freedom if you don't want to see the colour of your kidneys.' Stibbons: But you haven't got a weapon! Casanunda: Yes I have, I stole it from the guard while he was considering the question.
Stephen barnes wrote a book where one of the books involved a zero-gee boxer, he talked about this a bit i think. I read it 20 years ago, so not much help, called "street lethal" Also, knives might be back in style if there are spacesuits involved.
Balls are harder to hit than you think. Claw the eyes.
Nonsense. If your super Dooper sekret club that you have no obligation to be a member of wants you to obey it's pretend court, that's no one else's business. You are welcome to tell them to fuck off and start your own club with blackjack and hookers.
Looks like foam worn out by ropes.
To the best of my knowledge, there is nothing that says you cant leave experience and degrees OFF your resume.
Fuck em. I won't pay extra for the privelage of them DOING THEIR GODDAMN JOB
It's nice to be able to pay your way to privelage.
You mean the completely different situation of how everyone has to pay the toll but those who go through it regularly can order a system to pay it automatically? Let me know when TSA has a free quick pass card or something.
He's Elvis.
Syria was caused by a drought for starters
I wouldn't leave that there without chaining it to something
4 chan is going to have it spouting god knows what in a day
And the brain drain begins
You spelled sighted wrong, captain trump.
Your body at least needs/uses copper in trace amounts. Maybe lick the bracelet.
John barley has a book set on Venus where people use a vaccum filled force field balloon to float and travel.
One. But it would not wake you up.
You'll be back.
They kinda get old after awhile was my feeling.
Big plants want to eat you. Those big goddamn tropical leafy ones. I just keep an eye on them. They're waiting for their chance. I blame voodoo island with Vincent price
How does this work?
I dont know what city you are in, but you can take an NRA(other options available) training class for basic pistol, it takes about a day. Then goto a range that lets you rent pistols and try a bunch. Pick the one that you are comfortable with and like. Make sure the caliber is big enough to stop intruders, and small enough to not go through 3 houses. If you are not interested in spending the time to research and learn to use a gun, dont get one. Pepperspray works wonders. Disclaimer: I have done the above and do not own a gun.
You attacked a wasp nest shirtless? And with the wrong spray? You deserve what you go.
Until they trash the store
Nice catch
That only shows half the evil. It gets worse when you see how nice the buildings right next door are. Edit: you can see this building just to the right in the picture. http://cache2.asset-cache.net/gc/476860741-house-of-blackheads-and-town-hall-square-gettyimages.jpg?v=1&amp;c=IWSAsset&amp;k=2&amp;d=9UCh0H5UF%2FCuyRl1V8JF75C0hfW6rMobQ7QaLVP%2F1VLGykEkReqJQtC4BM7DBKmkKgy8RfO1NUU5oBGnxEncvFs2pXfH6gAJMXWX9TOpaHM%3D
The pound WAS more stable than the euro. The pound is plunging and may go away.
I have worked in loud environments where I was the only one who wore earplugs. When I had to listen or talk, I would take one plug out of the right ear. This is also the ear I use with headphones mostly. There is a detectable 10%difference between the ears in frequency and sensitivity as far as I can tell. Wear the earplugs.
They have these free online too, they aren't good for anything, but may give you an idea
Anti women having sex.
As the popularity of ebooks goes up, you will see the prices adjusted downward for the same reasons other digital media had gotten cheaper, the alternative pricing scheme is free.
I hate you from 0yhe darkness of my sleep deprived hell. You magnificent bastard
Meh. Some of them are low quality. Some of them are exelent. Some of them are incoherent porn. This one's pretty good.
I dunno. Depends on his role, I doubt Jim would fuck it up.
The trick is, when asking, look at the metro guy in such a way that he/she KNOWS that you're either going to go in the bathroom, or right there in front of the kiosk. Their call.
Check around virgina square or ballston metro areas, older places in there that may be in price range.
Thought it said NO panties. I am disappoint.
You say this like they put pockets in womens clothing.
Depending on where he moves down here, he can get a lot cheaper off metro line, and some apartments have parking included. Blus metro is a burning shitshow.
40+ I can afford touch up paint, carryon.
http://az795576.vo.msecnd.net/bh-uploads/2015/11/Mothman.jpg
THank you. This has always bugged me.
Whats twisted to me is that that Logans Run and Sheena and others with full nudity were PG back in the day, but weve backslid so much they would be forced to be R today, but you can murder all the people you want and get a PG-13 rating.
Its rated PG.
Sigh. Theyre making a remake. They will fuck it up horribly.
When did snickers and twice change? I don't by candy bars often, but those are two of my favorites
That was my first thought. Add some snuff/powder to the cannister, shake, measured dose appears on platform thing for snuffing.
He's a plumber who won't use a toilet.he knows something the rest of us dont about what lives in the sewers and can get up through your toilet
There are a few things like this I have heard of, I think some are in operation, I just don't think it's that efficient.
Voat was all stormfronty last time I was there, several months ago. Edit:holy crap it's worse now
Mine did the same thing when he was a puppy of that size. Whole shitty chocolate Easter Bunny. He was hyper as fuck but OK. Looked it up later when he was full sized, it would take like 1-2 pounds of unsweetened bakers chocolate to kill an 80 pound dog.
WHere I grew up in CT, my grandfather would take us down to a man made gravel beach at the end of a seawall. Everyone would break their beer bottles there, but as a consequence, the damned thing was half sea glass. Trick was finding blue glass for a while, then that came back into style and was much easier.
The two actresses who played Susan and Murphy originally auditioned for the opposite roles based on looks, but personalities were so right for the opposite role they just switched them. At least as I remember.l hearing.
It was impossible to film in a Volkswagen bug, whereas the Jeep they could just pull the top off.
Now. There's the fucking door.
Had a contact lens stuck up in the top of my eyeball for several hours once.
You might also look like the judges idiot son in law who just killed his dog and wind up with the maximum sentence because hes having a bad day. Get a lawyer. It will cost you nothing to consult one, and probably a few hundred bucks, think of it as not going to jail insurance.
There are a few brief references to "the traveling doctor" in the nightshade series by Simon green.
He might have left it off to make it easier to grab the wheel/work the brake from the passenger seat. Doubtful, but possible.
Back in ye olden times when i was learning to drive, there was no center console, you could just reach over and stomp on the brakes. Now get off my lawn!!
Why are you not batman?? /Realized how modded my game was at one point when I got attacked by a t-rex and had no idea how he got added.
Good luck, was 2 years ago and dont know which mod it was.. Had velociratpors and triceratops and stuff too. check skyrim nexus
Damit, got my subreddits mixed up. :)
No idea.
I dont know if its the same kid, but its one just like this. No video, but theres a still shot of him doing his last flip
I had to eat my own leg because all the bread was gone. My lactose intolerance made the mandatory milk purchase a medical issue. I was too late for the toilet paper. Don't ask me how I wiped, I'm too ashamed and the cat may never be the same.
Might want to sic board of health or someone on old landlord. Building infestations should not be the tenants responsibility.
He just got fired from his construction job, how can he afford to move?
Not really, with all the hour old accounts posting multiple news articles from macedonian based web sites in /politics during the elections, its not a reach at all.
I cant tell if this is sarcasm or brilliant.
The contagen is spreading
I think they were describing changes in the vision as different operations and time went on. And the macular discoloration sounds like macular degeneration which my grandmother had, which means increasing sized patches of dead retna areas, so maybe you have a few small patches where you can see a limited amount. edit: Littleapplegirl below explains it
Have a friend with essentially an underground stream running through their yard, their pump kicks in about every hour,might be a worse case of this.
Fuck it, list him under scientology and walk away before you get sued.
Happens to Americans too.
Motherfucker, I carry a bag of holding. If I don't have it, I don't need it.
Yeah, I blew up a guy a few weeks ago, wound up giving him some new ships, gave him some advice and tips and may have talked him into joining my Corp. Poor noob bastard jumped me when I was pretending to be mining and his ship just kinda evaporated after one shot.
How dare she let him randomly destroy shit.
Try switching dentists. I used to get at least 2 cavities a year growing up untill we switched dentists to a guy who was a friend of my dad. I have had like 2 in the past 20 years since then.
You have done this repeatedly for science, havent you?
Goddamnit Heinlein was fucking right. Again.
the_donald sycophants filling in their own hold muzak.
He and a bunch of the other mods setup a fake trump donation thing and grifted like 150k off the members of the Donald. Very low energy.
In all seriousness, please keep an eye on your mom, it sounds like she might be in an abusive/codependent relationship.
As he's staring at a video feed of a launching ICBM aimed at Toronto.
You're thinking wrong. He is president because he's going to teach the nation a lesson about laughing at him. It makes perfect sense with his personality. All those years of mockery, him trying to pretend to be classy, " I'll show them". It's the only thing that fits across the board.
Same reason you make up bullshit about someone running for president and leak it the week before the election.
Not when you're head of the party of prosecuting gay people.
Please don't use sarcasm anymore, the trumpers think you are supporting them.
He's such an important man, no one would dare bug his room.
Ever heard the phrase flashover??(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flashover)
Mccain redelivered it to the FBI with extreme enthusiasm.
Hold my beer while I stick this in that big blender.......
Some people need around the clock assistance during treatment. Are you capable of monitoring and providing meds to your elderly mom 24 hours a day? Can you repeatedly clean her up from vomit ad fecal matter if she can't control her self?
Noone sane has doubts anymore.
Maybe something to do with bianuaral beats? I may not be spelling that right.
My sister turned orange at one point because she loved strained carrots so much, and was picky about everything else.
Fairs fair, take a shit in the check folder.
You have issues. I have one of the draft blocker things for my door too but I didn't give it a name.
http://i.imgur.com/dVDJiez.gif
You ever read the book? It's 90 percent the same, but it goes more into the back story , you found out about the absolutely insanely obsessive levels indigo went to learn the sword. Minor spoiler: He is talking to the guy who took him in, the swordmaker his dad worked with after being gone learning the sword for 10 because he would have gone too easy on him. He spends all day giving grueling demos to see if he is good enough to beat this six fingers man. At the end of it he asks the swordmaker if he is the best in the world. (Paraphrasing from memory)He says "years ago I saw a demonstration by the swordsman Vasquez in Portugal, he was a wizard, the rank above master and the only one in the world at that time. I can truthfully say that you would never in this world have beaten him,". Indigo butts in floored and says "thanks for your consideration, I obviously must". "I WAS NOT FINISHED. As I was saying, truthfully, you would never in the world have beaten him. And truthfully, he would never in the world have beaten you." "Then I am ready" And then it goes on later in the duel with the man in black that they are virtually equal, except inigo is slightly better in the open, and Wesley is slightly better in the open and that is how he loses. I always imagined it was because Westley learned how to fight on a cluttered boat. It is honestly one of my favorite backstories in a book.
Just because it always has doesn't mean it always will. I mean, it's not like history has cycles that almost repeat themselves.
Bah. This is just a list of everything posted in the_donald. We all know that's all fake. Low energy!! Manga!
Because he once lived in a house.
I always left a sign that said "Take half". Dont know if it worked or not.
You realize that many of them would switch to Russia as an ally? We are not defending these areas out of the goodness of our hearts.
Maybe requiring some sites to have fake news or propaganda flair or tag?
From what I have heard, an angry chimp can lift upwards of 1200 pounds with one arm. Orange outangs are like 4 times their size, scale up strength accordingly.
You would be posting the followup question in a year from the moon.
&gt; I've seen similar behavior from some on the left too. "I'm glad those red states are going to hurt the most when their health care is taken away." People believe in karma. And its hard to feel bad for anyone who makes a decision to hurt others and then is hurt by it themselves.
I think you can hand the ball off all you want, it's throwing that has rules. I think you can throw the ball back all you want too.
Um, which one? Can you narrow it down to a pool of names?
You forgot "..so vote republican"
Pretty sure the heat will crack the jar, thus ensuring his house burns down.
Samsung themselves said there's a flaw in the battery design that makes every phone more and more likely to burn as time goes on. Do you think for one second they would have recalled them with all this horrible publicity and loss of money if there want a massive problem with the phones? You're delusional.
Why, bot why?
Macanally. Imagine how disconcerting nicomedeus would find it facing a totally silent opponent after spending so much time arguing with Dresden. :)
Because burning lithium metal in the bottom of the jar isn't a rapidly fluctuating temperature.
Die off will probably be caused by wars over shifting resources. remember, the mess in Syria got started due to a long lasting drought. Whats going to happen as all the food producing regions shift? Right now Kansas is perfect for grain production. What happens when the weather changes make Saskatchewan more viable? Or maybe nowhere will ever be as good as producing wheat as kansas.
I realized I was overskilled when I punched a dragon to death in my underwear without breaking a sweat.
Its a territory thing. The car is "your territory" in a lot of peoples minds. I have seen studies that people take 30 seconds longer to leave a parking spot if someone is waiting for it without even realize.
NAh, look at his other posts, he has an agenda.
Bullshit. Anyone can see your agenda from your posting history.
I have seen the way to do it demonstrated in martial arts classes way back when. I'm sure if you looked it up on you tube you would see demonstrations, not quite as simple as in the movies.
Not quite what you are looking for, but there's a book out there called rochewold by Robert l forward, hard science fiction about a trip to a twin planet with two roughly earth sized planets orbiting each other so closely they share an atmosphere, are egg shaped, and water/oceans will slosh back and forth sometimes. I read it like 20 years ago, but forward is some kind of gravity physicist first, writer second, so his math and science usually check out. Some of the discussion (I think) talks about when two planets get too close, Roche's limit is the point where the smaller one would break up into a ring system like Saturn or rubble.
Jeebus on a stick, don't leave us hanging, how was the horse?
I take pictures and film because I have a shitty memory
Chemical warehouse full of illegally stored flammable/explosive materials blew up. Pretty much left a city block sized crater with massive surrounding damage, I think the explosion was almost kiloton range.
I saw this from a hazmat responder about the Texas nitrate explosion, not that you are dead, but that if your thumb doesn't cover the whole mess you are too fucking close.
If you want to read a great but outdated books that helped me understand chemistry, Asimov on chemistry and Asimov on building blocks of the universe. They are both 40 years old, but Asimov could teach science clearly and understandingly to a brick. They are out of print, but you might be able to find them at a used bookstore. Guy was probably the last complete Renaissance man, and a fantastic writer for learning.
MAth before coffee is hard.
Dont bog me down in the details before coffee
Asimov pretty much has a book about everything, literally. I think he is the only author with books in every section of the dewy decimal system. A lot of them are outdated, or out of print, but should still be a good introduction, and he is probably the best teaching writer across all levels I have ever read. Although I have to admit, i was never that big a fan of his fiction. ;) edit: My bad, 9 out of ten, including a book about Shakespeare. https://www.quora.com/Is-it-true-that-Isaac-Asimov-is-the-only-author-to-have-written-a-book-in-every-dewey-decimal-category
Not sure, I am FAR from an expert, but it looks that way from the wikipeida. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roche_limit
No, the media is showing how trumps gushing admiration of russia and his actions to aid them are a major concern and a destabilizing influence.
MInimum crowds and empty grandstands. On a cold grey day with showers.
Depends on the sword.i think you're thinking of a rapier. Anything like a saber or bigger will leave ay least a 1 inch hole. Or perhaps you are talking only about a missing volume of flesh, rather than cutting area affected? I have a broadsword that's about 2 inches a cross for example.
The protestors had some of those black flag anarchists or whoever they are show up and smash the windows on a Starbucks and a bank of a medical, burn a limo, and knock over some trash cans. Not much for such a huge event.
What do you mean "almost". Of course he would do that. He sends out tweets at 3 am about porn of former female employees.
Ok. That makes sense.
Yeah, but it got me to the office on time.
Yes, yes you have to add /s, trump was just sworn in.
Sigh. Got the vet bit after reading night watch. Now this. Sigh.
It's way more than half
Might want to edit this into more than one paragraph of all run on sentences.
Wars. Bad weather including long term droughts Refugees Aquafers are already exhausted Cities are already in low lying areas on coast.
We keep trying to make them take Florida, hence the show of force.
Yeah, you tell that idiot. The right assumption is that you don't know your cousin either, and he's not dead, and you are just trying to break into someone's phone to snoop.
Actually, I doubt it's that calculated coming from Donald. However Republicans will be quick to jump on using this as justification.
Lickspittles is a word that is not used enough
Goddamnit. SOrry, I forgot, were dealing with trump. I will add a /s tag.
I climbed round the side of the mountain away from the goddamn troll.
&gt; Pence isn't being blackmailed by Russia http://www.chinoutv.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/1476148600_maxresdefault-950x534.jpg
&gt; As long as the country doesn't collapse on itself, Thats a big IF (to clarify, trump has put this on the table.)
&gt; One huge coordinated troll would be a fantastic way to engage young people in politics. HOW THE FUCK DO YOU THINK THIS ASSHOLE GOT ELECTED IN THE FIRST PLACE????! Have you been to the _donald????
The voices in his head are.
This is fake, badgers hate water. You threw the poor little guy in there for the picture, didn't you?
What makes you think this is a fuckup. Martial law is next.
Don't get cocky, kid.
Youre not wrong.
Yeah, this is a bullshit headline.
&gt; cism starts. It starts creeping up. &gt; It worked well when news did not spread like wildfire and organizing protests wasn't as easy. &gt; But now that we can see history repeat itself, and the government can hear and see the massive backlash they make, I hope that's enough to stop them. No, thats not tinfoil hat time. This is read between the lines time.
ITs both.
&gt; Chickens are basically dinosaurs. 8 year old me is completely offended.
People keep assuming we are having elections in 2 years. You really think that's going to happen? It's week fucking one and look at this shit show.
I hope we will still be having midterm elections.
It's only 7, fucker took the weekend off.
Remember, Trump projects everything. This is terrifying.
Leaked orders are ending HB work visas next week, and kicking out anyone with a green card on public assistance according to vox article. Oh, and dumping the visa waiver program, which lets people from member countries travel without a visa.
He's not wrong, he's lying.
I downloaded their app
&gt;Are people actually ignorant enough to think that people in foreign countries can just hop on a plane like it was a domestic flight and walk into the country unchecked? That's the only type of person I could possibly believe would think this tweet has any basis in reality. Yes. Yes they are.100 % this ignorant, and they are all trump backers.
And imitated it at the RNC while speaking the donald went nuts
They don't necessarily want trump in charge, they want america powerless and flailing. We can't contain Russia if the cities are shut down in a civil war and our allies don't believe anything we say.
Edit: my bad, I need to learn to google correctly
Isn't it being run by that guy from Denmark?
This is being directly used by the white House press secretary, how is it not relevant?
And this is why we call him bullshit spice.
Playbook?
"Bob, I thought I old you to clean out your old takeout trash" "Uuuh, it's an archive. Yeah that's it. About sushi!"
There is a book out there called "the way things work book of technology. "(Not the mastadon one). It is out of print, and I think it was compiled in the 60s, in sweden and translated to English. There are used copies on Amazon, it's a couple of volumes hardback. It is, as far as I can tell, a complete, or nearly so, set of engineering diagrams and instructions for every item of technology produced up till that time. Smelting, phones, very early computers, farm combines, nylon, you name it. I honestly think given time and manpower, you could start in a cave and wind up with a television using this book. It's the only book I habitually by copies of whenever I see them.
Sweetroll
Even Russian bots can't justify this shit
Nah, dementia spell.
Split the difference? Someone grabbed the phone away during a dementia spell? We might be both right.
Luckily for them Comey is an inexperienced idiot who hasn't been working with Mueller the whole time. /S /Not the man's first rodeo.
He doesn't know.
But don't call him puppet
Yeah, Louise has been losing credibility. I think she's got/had a decent source, but that thing with the Marshall at the plane was wrong, and she just couldn't admit it, which calls all the rest of her stuff into question, even though I think she at least points you in the right direction
Saw something like this in dc. Looked like a satelite, then it did a hairpin right angle turn. Then repeated it several times in a pattern. Took me a while to figure it out, but I think it was one of the f16 fighters they had on patrol over DC, as this was shortly after 9/11. SOunds like the same thing you saw, maybe the guy kicked in the afterburners and left.
Why would you doubt that at this point? Voter rolls purged, miscounts, questionable racist policies, massive Russian fuckery, and the tangerine king of projection claiming hilary hacked the election.
I donno. It looks pretty fucking close to what someone posted: https://i.imgur.com/Pxz9LNf.jpg
Donald prefers his pilots well done with ketchup.
Always respected him. Thought he was wrong a lot. But he had clearly thought shit through.
Hes up there. I would say hillary would be on a par. Involved in US internal politics forever, secretary of state for a few years, good balance.
Well, we know of one of those events: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toba_catastrophe_theory
This makes no sense. WHy would he be asking for the tapes to be released then? Edit: nevermind, you're from the donald and redpill.
Yeah, I had to look that one up, but everyone knows the redpill
I like poking bears with sticks. May be kinda dumb. Still smarter that t_d and breitbart readers.
Also remember, even the true crime shows hype, and they are also telling the stories that went wrong, noone tells teh story of the stalker who got the legal paperwork and left you alone.
wouldt it be more of a puree at this point?
You need to include the /s tag. Really.
&gt;This is either blatantly nefarious Let me stop you right there, you're done.
Nope, dc is single party consent.
People have actually found a small voice recorder in pictures of his desk. dont have a link.
"how bad is traffic?" "It's gone rainbow"
I think the mayflower scandal will broadly eclipse watergate.
Um, only starting??
Sure, but thats me. And she might be able to see stuff farther than arms length just fine, but anything closer is a blur.
&gt; Your republic endured much worse. I dont know. Active enemy agents installed in the highest office set on destroying us form the inside? With large parts of the house/senate complicit?? And the massive directed propaganda?
No, he would still be supported by the /redpill and /r/Milo.
I dont think he does. I think hes arrogant enough, narcissistic enough, and at this point demented enough that he thinks he is above all this.
20 minutes, until he gets bored, the angry, then fires Muller, then calls up the Russian embassy to ask where his check is. All on camera. Republicans express grave concern.
Unless of course, their leadership is involved with hinkey elections and Russian money, and that would all come out in the investigation. But what are the odds of that? Astronomical, like trump winning the ......waitaminit....
My brains are telling me they started it.
No, hes been laundering money for the russian mob for years. Its how you run a casino and lose money. Lots of money.
It was one of the russian oligarchs, derpiskya(?) i think? Same guy who bought his 45million dollar house for 90million and never lived in it. He and his plane were next to trump for a few hours on the runway in one of the carolias during the election, and hes been to marilaro a few times.
Dude, hes a trumper. Were lucky he isnt accusing Comey of ordering pizza for pedos or somthing
Why would he wakeup from this beautiful dream hes having? Hes kind of the world, and if he just fires enough people he will be left alone.
Could this be why a greater percentage of current russian women appear hotter than average? The men had their pick and choice of the prettiest women after the war?
Cant use this with a Lab, dog would die of exhaustion.
Or an extended drought that destabilizes syria?
Not that many. But enough I keep reading her. And also, notice how I am bending over backwards to give her the benefit of a doubt? And my problem is that she is completely unwilling to admit she/her source was flat wrong THIS TIME. I dont care how many right vs wrong articles you have in the past, thats debatable, but when there is video proof your article is wrong AS WRITTEN and you are unwilling to offer an explanation or admit you are wrong, its red flag time.
"How dare that brown woman question me!"
Rumor has it the first announcement told people to stay in their apartments. Theres going to be a death toll in the hundreds if thats true.
200 families.
Ladders only reach 4-5 storeys. keep that in mind if you ever live in an apartment building. Rumor is they told people to stay in their apartments.
Interesting rebuttal. If you take a grilled cheese, and add another slice of bread for a triple decker, does that then become a bread melt? What about a sub roll with cheese wiz poured in it? If the cheese already has bacon in it, does that negate the adding bacon makes it a melt guideline? How about garnish? Pickles? Does a single slice of tomato make it a melt?
I find it funny to just ask questions. "Oh, so how would you convert your street to a toll road, won't that be a hassle?". "Oh, cool, I am going to be so glad to stop paying for Medicare, but won't a lot of your friends die? And who will pay for the body pickup with no taxes?"
Exactly. Noone should ever try and get someone else to rethink the consequences of their decisions that they might not have thought all the way through. This is America, not Socrates land.
I saw these being used, pretty cool. they were blasting a sloping rock wall, they laid down 5-6 of these overlapping a bit, set it off, they barely hiccuped.
Has those notches at the end of the arms too, those look planned. My first thought is some kind of fastener? LIke you pull the cord/strap through the center, and the arms close to pinch it somehow?
I think i i have seen these hauling stuff for carnivals, like ride scaffolding thats lightweight but bulky.
Damn, thanks for posting this, I remember seeing a public access show about another outer beltway that was supposed to be built, and several more 270 like feeders coming in to the city. I never saw it all put together like this.
Smart people do what their lawyer tells them to do.
I am sure Russia would love to get their airbases back in Cuba.
It's all the fast food, gives ya the wind something fierce.
This brings me back. I spent a few hours one afternoon fighting a mudcrab. Well, blocking him with my shield, and hitting him once in a while and healing him to bring my melee skills to 100. I named him pinchy, and I still go check up on him and drop off some food once in a while. Little fucker still tries to kill me every time he sees me.
Wait, is it the same director or something?
Someone above points out that this was lower income housing, and a lot of the apts probably had well above the 4 occupant number being used. Also, there they claim there was a lot of trash on the stairs due to maintenance negligence.
Those are also only the people who had someone survive to report them missing. THats only 150 people, the building by design had 120 apts f 4 occupants each, which is ridiculously low so there is at the very least 480 people living there. Now add in the fact that it was lower income and there was probably a lot of large/extended families living there, locals put the population somewhere around 800. Also notice there is no list or count of known survivors to check yet. I think its going to be a horribly small list.
Wanna know what makes me think there is 500+ dead people in there? They aren't releasing a list of survivors. THere is no list of "known safe" just reports of people having to call around to hospitals to try to find family members. They are afraid to tell us how few made it out alive.
It was originally the 999 ems operators who were telling people to stay put when it first started, that is the standard practice, and if the fire hadnt leapt up the side of the building it would have been fine.
https://www.reddit.com/r/DadReflexes/
ANy link to the list?
Last i heard it was a refrigerator/kitchen fire that got out the window and started burning the cladding.
Locals put the number of residents much higher, 600-1000, and the fact that there is no list of known survivors is making people think they are trying to hide a massive death toll.
People have been refuting this.
Hmmm. Everything you say makes sense, although i still think the 500 residents is on the low end. We'll see what comes out.
No. Lets stick with civility, reality, and working together. The other side is now racist psychos.
Depths I had figured out. It was the breadth that was unbelieveable.
Yeah, it sucks actually having to think about stuff, instead of just believing really hard.
I am not going to be any less sick of this shit in 2018.
Edit: My bad, wrong, totally wrong.
You say this like pence isn't dirty also
Instant political suicide. For him and everyone who supports them, especially by the time the extent of this comes to light
Trump is not really into real estate, he's into laundering money through real estate. It's how he lost money on casinos. They raided one of his casinos a couple of months ago, haven't heard much about that, have we?
7 people and one shit flinging moron to derail things
Oh, they are trying to change them so members of Congress can carry a gun anywhere in the nation
&gt;Universal background checks Sure, agreed. &gt;banning semi-automatic weapons Not going to happen, and kinda dumb. You may as well say ban any weapon invented in the past 2 centuries. &gt;rapid fire weapons. Already need a federal permit to own machine guns. &gt;There is no need for civilians to have weapons that were designed to hunt other people. I can hunt people with a pencil. What does this even mean?
No, he was told don't pull it out, and he responded he wasn't.
"If you're dumb enough to ride around smoking weed while carrying your gun, you're probably dumb enough to try and pull that gun out in front of an officer. " You kind of are.
Oh, then ask THAT question. I'm sure people would be all about that. Or is there an /r/askmadscience discussion?
I for one welcome our new robot spider overlords.
100% dogwhistle.
Could have been accidental. Biker was gestruing at passenger side, gets ignored, moves to driver side blind spot starts kicking car, driver thinks he's still on passenger side and tries to swerve away from him.
Hes seems 100 percent sure. How is he 100% sure?
Noone has done audits of the systems. There could be evidence of someones bitcoin harvesting being run on those machines at this point and we dont know.
Edit: My bad, I misinterpreted what he said. I am a bad person, and I feel bad.
You are correct, my bad, I parsed that badly.
Why wouldnt they? There are 3 republican districts, and one dem. Did any of them take any laundered donations from russia? How have they voted on russia issues? or simply issues that damage america in the long run?
Youre right. Now, do a full investigation and audit to find proof, using a bipartisan committee. Well wait. Get moving.
I give it 3 weeks.
3 weeks is my bet. + - 1 week.
Actually, one guy elsewhere in the thread had the idea that a bunch did get purged/hacked, and that russia was going to wait until after trump lost to release the info to cause more chaos for President Hillary. I would say that thats insane, but covfefe.
Ah. I think that might vary by county.
Fuck it. I hereby dub thee: COVFEFE, THE PISS POET!!! I can do that because I said I can.
I think pretty soon even Mueller is going to tell him to STFU and stop incriminating himself so they can finish charging him. "Ok, it was a lot of work, but we have our case together and are ready to present.." "Sir, he tweeted again." "Motherfu..."
Hes going to try bribing people next.
Oh, trump doesnt have tapes. he might have, and then deleted them once somone got it through his sitck skull they would incriminate him. Comey might have tapes, there was a trump counterintel investigation going on, and the subject wants an intimate dinner?? Russia might have tapes.
Cheaper for THEM.
My time has a monetary value. Sitting there for and hour going through nonsensical fixes should not come out of my money.
True. There was that large donation to nines campaign right when his shitarom started.
Newt, is that you?
And even with that I have heard that Putin is stronger tactically than strategically. He tends to do a great short game, but fucks stuff for the long term. Case in point, fuck with our elections to weaken us. Great short term fuckery. Long term: he fucked up, got the moron elected, and now the us and every other allied nation is onto his shit, gathering evidence, and getting angrier by the minute.
&gt; &gt;If he can do it by changing rules so he doesn't have to fire Rosenstein, he could probably get the whole thing to blow over. There ain't shit blowing over. At most he can hold it off till after the next midterms, or untill the nation eerupts in widespread chaos and protests. That's if other nations don't start dropping recordings to the press.
&gt;Why do you expect anyone to just release the results of the special investigation before it's over? How is that even a reasonable suggestion? Hint: it's not.
Thief says he didn't steal stuff he had SEVEN TIMES. let's believe him. Seems legit. And yes, WikiLeaks has been lying, they are working with Russia. As has been and clear outside of fox and brietbart.
Got it, russia is nonsense. Now I know what level I am dealing with.
&gt; How do people fall for this? Because folks like you keep spreading fake news for Russia Times?
THis sounds right to me.
&gt; wake the fuck up finally and realize what happens when they don't think before voting. Youre one of them there optimists, arent you? They will blame obama because kenya and her emails, and go back to begging mcconnel to kick them in the nuts to hurt the libs by proxy.
Yes, FBI agents always show up in full uniform showing ID and announcing their presence. Its how drug dealers avoid getting caught.
How do you clean the cannon out afterwards.....
You could post a full list, but you only get 10000 characters on reddit.
Thats what undercover work is. And yes, they all practice covert operations as part of their work.
You know what? You're right, I am dragging us both down in a useless pedantry argument. I apologize. In my defense, I have been trying to argue with trolls posting better propaganda than usual, and I have been on a hair trigger setting for bullshit. Again, my bad.
Um, I thought that was already done. They only talk to fox, trump only watches fox, what more do they need to make it official? A wedding ring?
&gt; I suspect it's also his most-Tivo'd show. Nah, he woks his schedule around being able to watch it live. Plus, I fully believe he couldn't work a tivo.
There are also allegations that they trend their polls in the last couple of days before an election so they can say they are accurate. "Look, Romney is showing 90% win for the past 6 months! Oh, it's 2 days before the election, Romney only 2% win! Look how good we are!" They are straight up weighted propaganda polls.
And yet everything else he said was about Russian collision
I wonder how much of the bad internal polices and laws for the past 30 years are from this sort of thing. So many thing dividing the population, keeping people uneducated, destructive economics, Fox news and the like. A lot of it is homegrown stupid, but how much fanning the fire and financing we're done to fuck us over? Remember, we helped wipe out Russia's exonomy in the 80s
Whats he gonna do? RUN??? Hes afraid of stairs.
You know what? Youre right. I dont remember either, it was a long day fighting with trolls and I think I got confused. My apoligies. Have some upvotes.
Still is
Oh, yeah, thats been a leading idea for a while now.
No, no it didnt. They are already trying to throw sick people of the "die quickly" cliff.
What limited? Thats what he is saying in his post. He is explicitly choosing which people to let die.
Started with the tea party.
&gt; As someone on the left Of course you are. /s
I am happy to put as big a divide as possible between trumps ideologies and mine. And yes, hes not the same as duke, hes arguably worse. You cant talk to his true supporters, its like trying to convince someone not to be christian, or a cubs fan. Its not based on reason.
Nah. Air force gets everything up to geosynch orbit. After that, navy.
&gt; There are humans who live there. Yeah, but they are grumpy.
Um this isnt media manipulation. This is narcissistic delusion. Its like those tapes you buy for a 2 year old that sing songs with their names in them.(Di they still have them?) "ITS ALL ABOUT MEEEEEEE" Media manipulation would be if he had actually gotten his picture on a real time cover for fake reasons.
Good point.
No, the media is pointing out how ridiculously narcissistic this is, and taking legal action. And again, this isn't manipulation, it's narcisim. And all he's succeeded at was making himself look more ridiculous.
Makes sense when you think they are working for russia.
&gt;I voted 3rd party, never watched Alex jones in my life Glad to hear your supporting trump.
That like saying watch out for meteors while youre in the middle of a class 5 hurricane.
Water will be wet. Heavy items will fall if dropped. Sun will rise tomorrow.
I am sure someone has. Many people. Even interns. With puppets. Hes too dumb.
Maybe, maybe not. State crime.
Next time, buy store bought wood, dont grow your own. Not worth the hassle.
