Manteca, bigotes, gigante, pequeño, la cabeza es nieve, cerveza es bueno.
Thats not fair, almost everyone says "us" when referring to their team.
IS THAT A WATER JOKE OR A HYGIENE JOKE? BECAUSE EITHER WAY FUCK YOU BRO
JOKES ON YOU. I'M SO USED TO SEEING THE DODGERS LOSE TO THE CARDS IT DOESN'T MAKE ME SAD ANYMORE .
NO YOU HAD IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME
I don't think winning one for Cleveland would really mean that much to people outside of Cleveland. I mean the reason why it's seen as special to a national audience is because the city has had such a long drought, but if they won, the legend of the curse would dissappear and people would go to treating Cleveland like any other sports city. I'm sure he would instantly be hailed as the greatest Cleveland athlete ever, but in regards to pretty much anyone else it would just be another championship a year or so after it happens.
Yeah I agree. Callapso is straight garbage and should be DFAed as soon as possible. I don't even see the sense in giving him At-bats when we have Guerrero who can play 3rd and has been a fantastic hitter so far this season. I feel so bad for our pitchers when they go and see that this is the kind of lineup that is supposed to help them.
This is all Mattingly. For some reason the FO blindly trusts him.
Thats true but he continues to play them over better players though. No roster is gonna be perfect, it's how mangers utilize the best players they are given that determines how successful they are. Unfortunately, Mattingly is pretty bad at that.
Well his worst games against you guys came in the playoffs on national TV when everyone was watching. And that's probably the only time many people have seen Kershaw pitch against the Cards, so they base their opinions around that.
His sample size in the postseason is small enough where it's fair to assume there are some anomalies. I feel given more opportunities in the playoffs his overall stats will start to even out and go more towards his normal numbers.
I just looked and he actually had 2 really bad games in the playoffs against you guys, I completely forgot he gave 8 runs in the first game of the NLDS last year. So I stand corrected haha
He said he hated how he demanded to be paid like a top end WR when he didn't show up in big games, not that he got 16 TDs in the regular season. You can hate a player who produces good.
That's fair, I'm not saying Brees is the undisputed best playoff QB. I just feel he gets a bad rap in the playoffs usually because of how unsuccessful we've been outside of 2009, when it's really our defense that's let us down.
definitely agree Romo is a much better QB now, and he's playing at an elite level that he certainly wasn't at before. If we didn't have Brees I would love to have Romo.
Well he's an Angels fan so I'm sure he'll miss Rodney's blown saves haha
The Bashtros have arrived
All you need to know is: 1.Fuck the Giants and 2. Fuck the Cardinals
Ok......http://i.imgur.com/wF5GwnA.gifv
Well the Bullpen has been a lot worse recently, so our BP ERA is gonna keep climbing if the trend continues.
&gt;Trout is gonna look good in a Yankee uniform in 15 years. FTFY
Yeah that's true haha
Because one Dodger fans rankings represent all of us haha
Brees was never on the block, those reports had no real evidence except that "Graham got traded so maybe Brees could too". We have no one who could play at even 1/10 the level of Brees so it wouldn't make any sense to trade him. People just wanted clicks so they made articles about it.
I find it so funny and enjoyable that I can't even be mad about it
I agree. If they would have won the NCG I think many people would have considered them a top 5 all-time team. Their schedule was absolutely ridiculous and they crushed every team they played except Bama.
I hope Joc is part of it too
I think Vogelsong will get kicked out of the rotation over Heston. The kid has been awesome this season while Vogelsong has been medicore
I respond to a comment. Again.
You succeed at karma whoring. Again.
Damn I really love that show, I should go watch it. Again.
So I graduated yesterday, and I just looked at my yearbook with all the signatures in it this morning. This girl I used to be super close to and who I was bascially in love with during my sophomore year, wrote that she had a big crush on ME sophomore year. I don't really know how I feel about that haha
Stanton won't even be a FA by 2020. I don't know how they figure on getting him.
I hope you are being sarcastic haha
Cashner or Ross for the last pitching spot maybe?
Saints legend Kevin Williams
Yeah the D-Back have actually won a world series this century, unlike some teams.........
Yeah that wasn't Donnie's fault at all, he did all the right things IMO
That sounds completely fair Lol
http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/f.gif
The Jocpocalapse is upon us
SD just had a blackout
Yeah I'd rather have Harper or Frasier if I got to pick.
This is fucking hilarious and awesome at the same time
Yeah but Cano has been one of the best players in the game for a long time. I wouldn't veto the trade since it's a little understandable given the way the two are playing, but I think Cano's ceiling and floor are way better than Panik's.
The trade is ok, but I'm just saying it's a little early to say Cano is done. When he is on a hot streak he is 10x better than Panik. I think Panik's avg. will be good for the rest of the year but his power looks a little flukey.
True, but this is a huge step in the right direction. I am very happy that this was the decision that the court came to.
I hear George's answering machine song everytime I see that gif. https://youtu.be/yg-TqEFYcfM
So your saying he's better than Jordan?
This pretty much sums up what most people think hacking is
Obviously a SS has a harder job, but to go 393 straight games without an error, no matter the position, is impressive as hell. I mean it's an MLB record so it seems like it's not an easy thing to do.
I'd put Wun Wun as the center
We needed to give him that contract because he was bascially our entire pass rush. I don't think people really though he would do something stupid like this.
I wasn't sure how those worked out but that sucks, I feel like going to jail for a serious crime should void contracts.
We have lost every series we've had with teams above .500 and on top of that, we are like 2-14 against the Giants and Cardinals this season. It's hard to have faith when I see those numbers.
How would tanking bring a winning mentality into the clubhouse? We should try to do as good as we can this year and just replace Don in the offseason.
Damn that was savage
How is 7 games above .500 "within the .500 range"? I agree we should be better but we are not a .500 team by any definition besides your own.
I think Joe Buck is awful but I upvoted you regardless for being brave haha
Agreed, I respect him as a baseball player but I really dislike Curt Schilling off the field.
Why don't you think Kershaw can keep up his dominance? All his numbers this year besides ERA and BABIP show that's he's having a year just like his last 3 if not better. I don't see any reason why he can't keep up being super elite. Also he's only 27, so theoretically he should be entering his prime.
Nah you guys are stuck facing them for the next 10+ years :)
If he's healthy he will be a massive upgrade to their passing game. I don't think he will put up the numbers he did in NOLA but I can see a 1000 yrd/ 15 TD season for him.
He good.
I didn't realize they did that for Grenkie, I just saw the one for Kershaw.
LA is the Boulevard of broken arms
We are barely past the halfway point of the season. Grenkie could blow up in the second half and make this comparison a joke.
As a LSU fan I am beyond hyped for Simmons.
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
Defiently the Timberwolves. Watching that team grow up would be really fun.
Dark Horse: AD and Demarcus Cousins. Both play each other really hard, Cousins seems to have the upper hand when they play but it's entertaining as hell.
No that's Danny Etling. Harris was a freshman on our team last year.
What about AD's fumbles? Are you going to blame those on illegal hits too?
I wish the Panthers had some sort of scandal that we could joke about, you guys are too nice.....
Kind of figured, this NFCG will always be controversial. I never mention it whenever I talk about my memories of the 2009 season because it always brings out fiery and angry responses.
Wow I completely forgot about him. Although I don't think it's fair to criticize the Panthers for that because there's no way you guys knew he would have someone murdered, while Bountygate and the Falcons fake noise were both known and covered up by the franchises.
Nah that was the Ravens I think. But we were certainly up there.
The White Sox summary is my favorite. For some reason I laughed really hard when I saw it.
You can't blame Orbit, he was just thinking about the 2017 Astros.
There's no way this is Hinkie, I didn't see anything about 2nd round picks in this post.
No, because that team would have literally no depth. Plus, Kobe has been a little injury prone lately so it would likely be just LA and DC for parts of the season.
That O-line is legitimately shitty at pass protection, and no QB could change that. Manning would do better that most pocket QBs but even he would take brutal hits every now and then.
What a shock Lol
Talk about distractions. That would be the death of any player who loves to party.
I forgot he actually played with you guys, my bad
He actually predicted he would throw one too IIRC
This is why some people want Robot Umps
Yeah, especially his 38 point 7 assist game. That was absolutely crazy.
Yeah they are primarily PFs, Asik is the Pelicans center so I don't know what he's talking about.
Every once in a while a rookie will legitimately be good his rookie year like KD.
Wright hasn't been the same player even when he played, he's likely done being elite. I can see the Votto argument though, he's a really good player.
Harvey honestly, but I love Degrom
Yeah that was a really tough decision for me. I love Mauer but he's definitely nowhere near the levels he used to be at and he's not a catcher anymore which played into his fame. Now he's just a light hitting 1st baseman who's not even top 15 at his position. While Dozier is starting to gain traction as a star.
Curry had serious injury concerns just a couple years ago. The Warriors would be kicking themselves if they traded him on the premise that "he won't be healthy ever since he has an injury history." Jrue could never miss another game in his career for all we know.
He fell that far because he had to sit out at least a year and there was concern that he wouldn't have same explosiveness that he had in college due to his ACL tear. Another reason we werent going to take him was that his playing style was seen as similar to AD's, so it made little sense to get him when we desperately needed a good PG to run our offense. Noel was never gonna be a Pelican.
Thanks you too, I want to keep seeing Ole Miss get good recruits and stay relevant because they are the only team that has figured out a way to beat Bama Lol
No problem, it is new years eve Lol
Has Peat really showed that much? I know the other 3 have (also I think Breaux counts as a rookie too)
I think injuries and not having the right personnel to run Gentry's new system is what led to Davis having mediocre games in the beginning of this season. He's been a lot better lately now that he has most of his teammates healthy again, and I don't think that's a coincidence. I love Green as a player but he's not really a focal point type guy (not trying to insult him, his game just works better by playing off of others) so I personally would take Davis over him. Davis can deal with being the single focus of a defensive game plan and still put up elite numbers (although his efficiency takes a decent hit without other decent players to help him a little) whereas I think Green benefits from having Curry and Thompson get a lot of attention from defenses. Not to mention the Warriors have been extremely lucky health wise these past couple seasons while the Pelicans have had awful injury luck so that does play a part in their stats. Green is definitely a top 20 or top 15 player but Davis is top 10 or top 5.
Brees AND Farve both had noticeably better statistical seasons than him in 2009 and both had playoff teams. The Saints went 13-3 while the Colts were 14-2, so its not like the Colts had a much better record either. Payton didn't deserve the MVP that season
This is too true, I hate the weather so much
I agree 100%
Brees is the only reason we don't go 1-15 or 0-16 now a days
Yeah our games are always super close
Yeah that's why many records are so impressive, it takes a super elite player AND perfect health for himself and other key players in order to break them
Without Andy I don't think they are as good as this stat shows they are
I think his division is gonna be used against him in any COTY discussion but no one can deny he's been super impressive this year
Yeah that's the worst
Damn that does sound a little strange, hopefully its nothing
That is a great insult
He didn't get a chance to play in one last season because he lost a postseason game though
Wins shouldn't determine how good a player is, otherwise you have to call AD bad because of how bad his team is doing
That 2008 team could have put up a 2007 like year if Brady was healthy, they don't get many years like that one
To be fair we fumbled on the goal line and had some turnovers of our own, it goes both ways
If the seahawk game is somewhat close you keep playing hard, if it's a blowout you rest your starters. Its better to know for sure than keep playing full out for the whole game when you could be playing for nothing.
The only reason you guys didn't know the score of the other game is because Rivera disallowed it, he was willfully choosing not to know to other score. That's fine but fans should recognize that and not pretend that there is no way he could have known that his team was playing for nothing. He could have told someone to "only tell me the score of the other game if it becomes a huge blowout" and it would have helped him immensely here.
Lol what? Pick-sixes, fumble recoveries for TDs, and safeties should not count against a defense that was not on the field in any shape or form. For your scenario, the better analogy would be if the Jets defense scored many defensive TDs and the points from that made the Jets have the highest PPG, which was then used to claim that the Jets had the #1 overall offense. Which would be stupid again because they didn't even score a decent chunk of those points, just like the Broncos defense didn't give up a decent chunk of the amount of points counted against them in the stat. What an Offense does should play no part in a defensive stat for a team and vice versa
Its actually Greg Olsen
Lol all I was just saying that Olsen is your #1, not Ginn. I don't care about Wilson
To be fair when he's on he's the best player in the country. In the last 5 minutes he's showed why he's been getting so much hype
He wasn't the MVP (that was Quaterman) but we don't win this game without him. He was huge on the defensive end and was super efficient. He got a double-double with a perfect 100% FG percentage
I don't think LSU is mediocre anymore, they have Victor and Hornsby back which is huge for the team. This team is much different than the one our record says we are
We still have pretty competitive teams, we swept the Falcons and almost beat the Panthers twice this year.
Brees is gonna be our QB in 2017 and I have faith in him helping develop another guy to somewhat replace Brees. Drew was not a HOF QB when he came to the Saints, he was just a decent one. Payton helped him a ton and Brees did the rest. If we can get a QB prospect with some good talent I believe in Payton. Also, a lot of our cap freedom in 2017 is coming from overpaid guys contract's expiring. Byrd, Browner, Colston, Strief will all be gone along will all our dead money commitments. And Brees is gonna restructure his deal to alleviate cap space. You don't really know what your talking about when it comes to the Saints
Whatever team who didn't is probably feeling pretty blue about it
Its easier to fix one side of the ball than both sides. We have a clear focus of improvement and we had a lot of rookies starting on defense this past season
Lol look at all our FA signings and draft choices, we have tried really hard and unfortunately for us a lot of them have failed.
Schiano had more talent to work with and his was just an asshole. Lovie is loved by pretty much everyone
FOs don't always make the right decisions, so I wouldn't say you not being a GM makes your opinion wrong
Does that make Jim black too?
Bucs were last in the division, we were 3rd and one game behind the Falcons
That was the first year Brees was with Payton and that wasn't even close to being our best squad (we only sent 10-6). I mean Brees was good but he wasn't quite the QB he would later become. And Hasselbeck was not an elite QB by any means, his 2006 stats were average at best. He threw only 18 TDs and had 15 Ints, along with a 56% completion percentage. That gave him a 76 passer rating, which isn't anything special. To compare those guys at that time, especially Hasselbeck, to a prime Payton Manning is a little blasphemous.
Nah, I think Fredirick was better than Kalil. Kalil is benefitting from being on a 15-1 team that got a lot more attention than the Cowboys this year. If both teams had equal records I bet that Frederick would have been first team. Kalil should have been 2nd team instead
I mean he had the 2nd most Ints for safeties and was named defensive player of the month in October so I mean I wouldn't say him being All-Pro is THAT egregious. Probably wasn't the best candidate but its not completely undeserved.
I think Ramsey is one of those few black and white characters though, he's straight up evil and pyschopathic
Haha I know, I was playing around since you called him mole face
Yes....900 million baby!
They aren't trying to be nice, they want to win the game
Cincy is gonna get real ugly now
Eifert makes up for his drop
What? He's had a pretty shitty game today
Its almost like the coaches know more than the fans Lol
Yeah I'm sure they would
He got drafted where he should have been drafted, he's ok but he's not gonna be elite or anything
My bad, I thought he had better arm strength than he actually did. For some reason I thought he had a cannon for an arm
So you would take Tebow over another QB who puts up better stats because Tebow "wins"? I'm sorry but that's silly. Brees had plenty of games that he lost despite putting up what you would call "meaningless stats", and I would take him over almost any other QB in a heartbeat because he can only affect one aspect of the team.
I think if he takes a FO spot in Boston it meant he was a sleeper agent for the Celtics when he was with the Nets Lol
I mean they had pretty similar years this season, I could see an argument for either Edit: and Brees had a noticably better passer rating
I mean he has arguably the greatest QB of all time, I think the Pats are a one of a kind situation. When you have that kind of skill/consistently at QB you can do a lot with a roster and not suffer that much for it. If Chip had Brady I doubt he would have gotten fired since the Eagles would have been WAY better on offense
Nah, Dalton is an awesome QB
A great QB who is a game changer, look at his stats before he went down. He was playing like one of the best QBs in the NFL
Its fitting that "Falcons" and "Browner" are the same size and next to each other on the Saints chart since those 2 are the two biggest enemies of the New Orleans
I started laughing when I saw that on TV, it was so ridiculously disrespectful
If Clooney had Brady's success in football I guarantee he would be hated a ton too
I actually have friends who told me they didn't start hating him until they saw that video because they said it exmplifed how charmed and lucky his life has been. They said "If you legit cry about being drafted in the 6th round of the NFL draft, you must not have endured many hardships in life." And I can see where they are coming from if I'm being honest Lol And I think every reasonable person knows Brady is good, they just feel he doesn't need to complain so much since they hold him to an unrealistic standard
And Marshall Faulk....what a team
If you judge all franchises by a handful of drunk fans then no franchise is gonna have a good reputation
They love to hate them
They have killer tailgates too
Cobb
But you aren't a Dodgers fan?
And the Jays don't need Upton or Davis, they were just doing extreme hypotheticals
Wait who's our African player?
Maybe he actually thinks that Cam had a better year and his opinion has nothing to do with playoff game
Yeah totally, 13' feels like actual recruiting while 14' feels silly
Odell is better than Hopkins but that is only my opinion
The whole team is playing super awful outside of a few guys. I think AD sees no matter what he does this team isn't gonna go anywhere. Next year we just have to pray we don't get fucked by injuries again and hope that our first round pick and whatever FAs we get contribute.
Yeah I know, I just really hate Asik and wish we could get rid of him
Dell didn't want to cut his losses on him, he felt since he traded a first round pick for Asik we needed to resign him
A very vocal minority just hate the cowboys blindly and will chastise them for any move. I thought the DMC deal was smart because I saw how good he was when he was healthy in Oakland. I thought Demarco was a superior running back, so I did think they downgraded, but I thought McFadden was a good lottery ticket signing. Anyone who actually saw him play before this year should have liked the move for Dallas.
Puig
Its sort of true though, racism is hard for a lot of white people to discuss because their race has such a bad history with other races. This means that many either try to show their "white guilt" by acting overally friendly to minorities and use specific compliments (which is subtle racism) or be hateful and treat them as subhuman because that's how history/family has told them to act. It can be a fine line at times. I'm half Native American who looks mostly white, so I've personally seen a lot of examples of both. Even my mom (she's white) sometimes does the whole being a little racist when not trying to sound like it thing. If I didn't see first hand the subtle things people say about minorities so much I probably wouldn't even notice.
True but other races didn't colonize globally nearly as much as whites and didnt have as widespread of a negative impact on so many different races. You would be hard pressed to find a race that didn't have extremely severe issues with white people historically. In America (can't really speak on Europe right now) the majority of history is taught with a white pereon focus on things so the atrocities that happened only between minority ethnic/racial groups and other minority ethnic/racial groups arent covered nearly enough for a large amount of other people here to know extensively about them. Therefore a lot of people (white and otherwise) who are born and raised here usually only see history on the white people's past atrocities and those are what people focus on. This means that white people here have lots of pressure on them to not act or be racist since there is a well known past history of them doing so, fair or not.
Of course Whiteside would get a triple double with blocks being one of catogories
But then St. Louis will be upset when the Banner starts to act closer to Los Angeles
He's one guy and you guys shut down our team hard last year. I am really sad now because it feels inevitable that Bama is gonna repeat
I mean it said we didn't even offer him and he was plan B. I don't see how he spurned LSU when it was clear he wasn't our highest priority
Harris would start over him and we are almost surely gonna get a 4* QB prospect for 2016, so I think its safe to say he's probably gonna get a way better shot to be a starter at Temple
But it literally says in the article that LSU never gave him an offer and that he was our plan B guy. If you read the this you would have seen that LSU had some interest in him but we weren't recruiting him heavily
Or Felipe Franks choosing to go with Florida, I was hoping he wouldn't change his mind
Uncle went to LSU when I was a kid so I became a LSU football fan (plus I visited down there a couple times and saw a game). And I am attending RIT right now so that's why I have my second flair
No, they didn't make an offer to Russo
He was probably checking in on his status. There is no report of him actually making an offer to him and no way would he ever commit to us without an offer in hand so this is expected
Yeah definitely wasn't pretty
&gt;Have fun getting annihilated by New England. That's the part he was saying was salty
Arietta, Strasburg, Carrasco, Jones Pujols is too old and has too many possible injury concerns be a good keeper IMO, he still hits a ton of HR but I think he's gonna have a power outage sometime over the next couple seasons and I wouldn't want to have him on the roster when it happens. Carrasco or Polanco should be taken over him but that's only my opinion
I remember watching this live and looking at everyone around me saying "Are you fucking serious?"
This sounds more like blind homer hope than an unpopular opinion
It basically happens to everyone not named the Patriots. So many coaches are too worried about running up the score, and the backlash they think will come from it, that they forget that we are in the most pass-friendly time in NFL history where its much easier for teams to score tons of points in a short amount of time.
I mean Brady is gonna slow down sometime. One of these days he's just gonna hit a cliff and fall from an elite level, and the older he gets the more likely that becomes
It seems like they do, media today influences sports more than any other era because how fast and widespread coverage of stuff is. Journalists today hear about every little thing and often try to make stories out of nothing, which means its easier to just play things safe instead of being a distraction for the team.
Then why do so many teams play so conservative and not run up the score? I can't even count how many times teams I've seen teams lose or give up huge leads because they played prevent and ran the ball every play. I don't see any logical reason to do that unless you are scared of media backlash because I would think these coaches would figure out that giving your opponent an opportunity to come back is just bad play calling.
We had an 13-3 team in 2011 and won a playoff game in 2013, its not like we have sucked since our SB win
Urias?
This is really unorthodox and probably will never ever be considered but I actually really like it. Good job for coming up with a interesting and unique idea
Iwakuma finished 3rd in Cy Young voting one year and has been one of the best AL starters since he came over, if we get anything like that for what we payed I will be ecstatic
Still has great potential
He had one start where he gave up 3 runs in like 7 innings, but our offense only scored 1 so it wasn't his fault that we lost
This song always makes me laugh, the dramatic beat combined with what he's rapping about kills me everytime
Lil Boosie
I don't know why but Spoole looking up from reading the tube and saying "Guys, remember Steve Erwin?" had me dying
Yeah personally I don't care who the players look like, I play just because I love college football. The problem is that the schools wouldn't sign off to being part of the game until the players union is satisfied and given compensation because if they did it would undermine the players lawsuit's purpose which in turn would cause tons of negative attention and a huge media backlash. The schools probably won't think its worth it until they know they won't piss off everyone besides EA in process of the game being made
To be fair Jimmy has had his own injury concerns before went to Seattle. He didn't miss a ton of games with us but you could see how little injuries stacked up on him throughout the sesosn and would limit him noticeably in games. Using a argument about heath as a pro for either side of the trade probably isn't the smartest thing to do
I don't think Lynch is a lock
Brees is not close, he's already a lock. He has the highest career completion percentage in NFL history and is on pace to challenge Peyton's yardage and TD records. Not to mention a SB MVP and a couple All-Pros
Boston isnt the only place that calls him Larry Legend, he's widely known as that by pretty much every semi-serious basketball fan
What about the onside kick in the SB?
Haha I agree with that, Jimmy has been more valuable than Unger over the last couple seasons no question. We really just wanted the first round pick and Unger was more of a lottery ticket pick up that we just hoped would stay healthy
Lol you are focusing on the analogy instead of the point, 300 years ago people absolutely thought witchcraft was real and in the context of that era their accusations weren't seen as obviously fake, but as real and legit things. However they weren't correct accusations despite what many people thought and believed at the time. Its possible for 150 people to be wrong which is all he's saying
I mean we still have the #1 class as of now, we have a bunch of really solid recruits instead of a few superstars (although Lawrence, Savion and maybe Fulton could be considered elite guys)
Thats only a few years away
People have different tastes which is postitve thing. If everyone only liked who the general public thought was "good" there would be maybe 5 or 6 artists for every genre. I think its good for the industry that lesser artists still have fanbases
I don't think Rodgers has the counting stats to be considered the GOAT and him taking a step back stat wise this year didn't help
Lol so I can't determine who's a good defensive player because my team's defense sucks?
There's an actual and legit argument for Peyton for being the GOAT, its not like he's calling Blaine Gabbert the GOAT
He did more negatives for his team than Manning did
To be fair during this season many people shit on Manning hard (with good reason, he wasn't playing well) and they just downvoted people who tried to defend or argue Manning as the best QB ever because they have extreme recency bias and don't seem to think about Manning before this year. He has a good case at being the GOAT even with his struggles this year
Yeah fuck the guy who has a understandable and obviously unbiased view on two similar players.
He played the game manger role perfectly today. If him and Brady's stats were flipped the Broncos probably would have lost by double digits. Brady was helped immensely by his defense his first couple SBs so I don't see why this is any worse
Manning's regular season isn't relevant to his postseason performance, which is what is being discussed
That's fair
I am a Dodgers fan who has seen him a ton and I dont even know. His swing is effortless and he has way more power behind it than one would think, but he just misses so many hittable pitches. But the funny thing is that he walks a TON and is a OBP machine when his average isnt super low. Adam Dunn is a common comparison and based on style of play and it seems like a good one. I wouldnt expect Joc to ever hit over .250 but the power looks real to me. My projected peak for him (proabably wont be accurate at all) would be like .240/.360/.500 with 40 HRs, a ton of walks, 15 SB and around 150 strikeouts. He's anything but safe bet though.
Its not like we didn't have deserving candidates, they just didn't get picked which sucks. Cam, Armstead and Brees (I know he probably declined) should have made it for sure.
Yeah because Schwarber was the only reason the Cubs lost that series
To remind himself that the Nats and Phillies didn't make it either
Thank you, I'm taking him after thinking about it
I am just too worried about the holes in his swing. He is too prone to striking out to ever have a high average IMO I guess we will see what the hitting coach has in store for him
Peavy is a good starter and is just overshadowed a lot by Bum. Matz didn't even pitch 50 innings in the majors so its hard for me to pick him over a guy who is established as a good pitcher and is still a couple years away from being on the tailend of his career. Matz has great potential but as of right now that's all it is. And until Wheeler is in the rotation and pitching well again the Giants get the edge at the 5th spot. He has great potential but major surgery like he had is hard to bounce back right away from so I think even if he does make it back into the rotation this season he will struggle for an extended amount of time
Will Tony be the next one voted off the practice facility and sent home? Stay tuned to Survivor: Alabama and find out!
I think being a solid starter/pro bowler should disqualify a guy from this thread. Not meeting previous expectations isn't always the same thing as "not making it"
Of course he is
I know a couple people from Africa and they think calling all black people African American stupid
I mean I can't really understand it since I'm half Native American half white, but from my experience every black person I met wanted to just be called black and not African-American because they said that Africa didn't really matter personally to them. There's groups of both I guess, but I always thought that we were all considered just "American" if we were born here and where our race was from shouldn't matter as much unless you celebrate customs and holidays of your family's old home.
Thats the blanket term for them, but when they specify what nationality they are they usually call them "German-American" or "Italian-American" if they become citizens.
When you have a ton of seats to fill (Coors field is the 2nd largest capacity park in the majors) having noticeably more than half the stadium filled when your on the field product is bad seems more impressive.
And Blatt was winning in the NBA. Made the finals first year as coach and was on pace to win 60 games his second before he got fired. Not saying he's some HOF guy like Lebron but its not like the Cavs were struggling above .500 or something.
To be fair those teams that Lebron were on with Mike Brown were some of the better defensive teams in the league at the time. He wasn't doing it alone. He maybe was far and away the best scorer on the team and it's face but those teams were built that way. The year they won 66 games they had the #1 defense in the league and Mo Williams scored a ton of points too. There was a year they finished only like 7 games above .500 and they had a really low ranked offense but their defense kept them in games. I think people like to think he had no one because no names really jump off the page, but those were some really good teams.
You can if your defense is good enough. Just because they aren't stereotypical stars doesn't mean they can't play. If you have an elite offensive option, a second good offensive option and an elite defense I think you can be a championship contender. Most of the teams they lost to were some of the best of their era and it was just bad matchups that killed them. The #1 seed Pistons in 2006 (who still had a large part of their core from the 2004 and took the spurs to 7 games in the Finals) Spurs in 2007 (Their dynasty was in full swing at that point and they won the championship the year before) Celtics in 2008 (Had 3 future HOFers in their prime and won 66 games and beat Kobe's Lakers. Cleveland took them to 7 games.) Orlando in 2009 (Ok this is one loss that should be held against them, but to be fair Dwight Howard was in his prime and was an absolute monster that year on both sides of the floor. No one the Cavs could have realistically signed/traded before that year really could have helped them against Dwight. Orlando had a perfect system in place around Dwight and looked good until they ran into the Lakers) Celtics in 2010 (Another bad loss, but the Celtics still had most of their roster from 2008 and KG, Pierce, Allen and Rondo still played good that season . They were pretty close to beating the Lakers in the Finals) Not saying his Cavs teams were the best in NBA history or anything, but not recognizing that it was more than just Lebron who helped get those teams to the heights they went to is disrespectful to those guys who played
Peyton Hillis did it before him
I literally said the USA was mostly white. Its hard to get the short end of the stick if you are the majority because you have more people in support of you just cause of race. I'm just saying that some white people act like black people are taking over or some shit when they are just being given new opportunities. The racial disposition was much more noticeable until recently and there is constant blowback from a ton of people when blacks/minorities are given more opportunities. You shouldn't compare the total population percentage to the percentage of all-game representation. You should compare the percentage of those who play basketball total to the ASG numbers because that's more fair.
Guess he really wanted to win because I feel he could have gotten more over a 2 year span from someone else
We have Holiday, Tyreke, and picks but yeah after that we don't have too much
Of course, Right now we have a right hander in our rotation which is unacceptable
Can't wait until his contract his up
I'll believe it when I see it happen for us Lol
I mean things would have to go pretty damn wrong for us to be sellers at the deadline. I can't even think of who we would trade if we were doing bad. A lot of the guys we could get rid of have bad contacts and the rest are part of our core group of guys
I think Bum wining the Cy Young is still pretty bold
Its funny because it looked like a trade heavily in favor of the Brewers for like 2 months and then it became a lose-lose deal
Most LSU fans are really nice, ask people who go tailgating in baton rouge and they will tell you the same
No one can argue he's not having the best season of any player this year
Fair enough, I can understand that
*Fuck LSU's student section
It was hard to watch.....whenever LSU games become close I start to feel a sense of sadness because I know we will fuck up
He's not an emotional or super aggressive player, so just by watching him it might seems that way but that's just who he is
They had some really ugly possessions towards the end though and left Buddy open too many times
He was just saying that on second review that he got fouled, not that the refs could have saw it
The Refs didn't help Hield's shots go in, our perimeter defense was pretty bad when it came to him
The team last year went 22-11, and right now they are 13-8. This a more talented team than last year but not better. They are just too inconsistent. I guess there's always the chance that the selection committee puts us in just because of Simmons but I wouldn't bank on it
Then just judge them, not the whole school and fanbase
Whoever they are they really acted like assholes today
Its not the fan base, its the student section. If you judged every team by how their student section acts, every school would be seen as classless
I mean yelling "fuck you" to a college kid trying to play a game isn't exactly classy. They could have yelled or cheered a lot of different things but they picked that Lol
Skal needs another year in college for sure
True haha
He looked overmatched today and going from QBing a FCS team to QBing a NFL team is gonna be super hard. I think he's a project player and not worth moving up for, unless you have an established QB towards the end of his career and don't have any glaring needs
We also had Jeremy Hill in the backfield and Mettenburger had a great season.....god I miss those beautiful days
Shoot them all?
He's fine, our coaching is just that shitty. I mean even Lebron dissapears during the end of some games and he's one of the greatest players ever. Watch the end of the Kentucky game if you think Simmons has trouble at the end of games, he almost singlehandedly turned a closeish game into a rout for us. There is pretty much no basketball reason for Simmons to stay because he wouldn't improve under our current coaching staff in any way and his body is ready for the NBA right now
Haha I'm not sleeping on Malachai and Dural, I'm just saying they are a far cry from OBJ/Landry/Randle. I hope Harris makes the jump but I want to see it before I believe it
I wasn't saying it was a lose-lose at the time, I said it became a lose-lose because neither side really gained value out of it in the end. It looked like a great trade for the Brewers when it happened
Keuchel and Matz should get him plenty of wins on top of likely being great in the other categories too. Keuchel has a great team in mostly bad division and Matz will be matching up against the other team's back of the rotation starters for the most part.
4th pitch was a ball
That's how I feel right now, thought this game was gonna be a loss for us before it started!
Shhh
Love this so much, Seager is awesome
But he got a hit today /s
Mike fucking Fiers.....
Like Lebron some people would probably still call him a choker
There's already an arena football team with the name voodoo in New Orleans, plus it sounds like a fake team name in a sports movie. Pelicans is unique and the logo is really cool, it gets way too much hate
Orioles, Blue Jays, and Cardinals are hardly intimidating birds either but people still love them as team names
Corey Seager was the #1 prospect and plays for LA, I'm really surprised he's not top 5
Or Utley
Yup Lol
It's funny cause he's leading all NL shortstops in WAR, sucks that he's not getting any recognition
The Giants and Cardinals make me question my fandom of baseball on a daily basis
Yeah you and the Giants can find some random bat boy from the minors and he would hit .300 if you brought him up
ANOTHER MYSTERY SOLVED
Getting attached to the characters and seeing them brutally murdered out of nowhere while you cry inside is part of the fun though
Little more than double the next closest pitcher Lol
Harvey again just for laughs
It's too bad Kazmir has been really inconsistent this year, I was hoping he could be better for us
Grandal, Puig, Hernandez, and Turner forgetting how to hit for most of the year has killed us offensively
Pitching against AAA will not improve you like pitching against major league hitting. The two are way different
Corey is in the house!
Which is silly because we are nowhere close to 90s Yanks success
He's actually leading all NL shortstops in WAR haha
Heads up base running right there
He's on the older side and mistakes pitches more often now a days
I've never wanted an international guy for the Dodgers as much as this guy
I mean the trade indirectly got them the World Series win, no player they received from the trade really made a difference with them. The money was the real prize for them and they happened to spend it right I'd say in terms of value the trade was about equal for both sides, the Red Sox just had a better ending to their season in 2013. We were actually doing great that postseason ourselves until Hanley went down and sunk our offense
It's too bad Seager's ribs got hit by a pitch during the 2017 NLCS against the Cardinals or else we would have had three straight championships
I mean comparing a guy with years of college experience to a 19 year old guy who needed to be delovoped is pretty silly in general, and that's not a judgement from hindsight either. If an author made an article today like that I would definitely be on the side of "hold off on judgments just yet" because I've seen how quickly things change in baseball. In 2010 I heard about how much the Dodgers must have regretted passing on Tim Lincecum in the 2006 MLB draft (with good reason, Tim was really really great). However, if you talk to people now they would laugh if you asked whether the Dodgers made the right choice between Lincecum and the guy they picked over him (Clayton Kershaw).
An informed and objective fan would also know that 1 postseason doesn't make a guy a better pick than another. Sure Wacha looked to be a future star, but anyone who knows baseball and have watched for many seasons have seen one years wonders come and go like clockwork Not every fan takes a knee jerk approach to judging players careers, especially when looking at a guy with less than 100 innings pitched in the majors (which was Wacha in 2013)
Yeah I did training, I just don't have any real game experience, thanks for the tips!
Plate haha
That's good advice, I see that some little league games just become a walk fest because the pitchers can't throw well at all
First thing I did was buy a clicker and a cup, I've played baseball for too long not to wear one
Thanks, that's a good tip
It went good! Luckily the coaches were cool and supported me when I needed a little help. I only heard someone complain twice about my calls all game so I'll take that a win
My mistake, I honestly thought LaHair was the Cubs only all star that year. Forgot about Castro
The main reason they went unscathed was that they were healthy when they played one of the only 2 other teams in the NBA who could realistically beat them in the playoffs. Nobody besides OKC or the Spurs would be able to take advantage of Currys absence enough to actually eliminate GS IMO
So they look like D-Backs fans
We would be so beyond fucked I don't even want to think about it
You guys only adopted the darkness, we were born into it
That's honestly all we need him to do, he won't be starting barring injuries
I'm sorry but the Heat situation is completely different from this. The Heat weren't a contender in 2011 until they added Lebron and Bosh, while this GS squad is one of the best all time already even without Lebron or Durant. If one of those two went to the Warriors it would break basketball and I wouldn't follow the sport anymore
What trade?
True, they definitely would have made it a good series
Why would they at this point though? The Padres arent gonna compete and Kemp is still a big enough name to sell tickets and merchandise
Being black isn't a defect though, it's just a person's race. You can't compare a baby with downs syndrome to them
It's not a disadvantage in the same way as being downs is though. In some parts of America being black can be a benefit and help you get along with a community better, while being born with Downs is gonna give you major issues you no matter where you are born The two are really different so using one to disprove logic in arguing about another is silly IMO
Fair enough lol
If Kershaw gives up even 1 run people start saying he had a poor outing Lol
Wow I didn't realize how top heavy CF is in the AL compared to the NL
Will cost a shit ton prospect wise and is approaching the end of his prime
To be fair it was in high school, teenagers aren't exactly the best sports
Well if their goal is to start an all star game Harvey is a better example to use than Kershaw Lol
If someone is willing to pay him big bucks they could probably sway him, but yeah he's a super high risk pick
He also has a way to enter the draft next year so teams know they won't have much leverage over him. Bascially if a team picks him (and seriously wants to sign him) they will have to ask "how high?" if he tells them to jump
He's got all the bargaining power and wants a shit ton of money, I can see why so many teams are staying away
That's not the character issue people are talking about, it's just one of the main red flags about drafting him. Teams will literally have to give him whatever he wants if they realistically hope to sign him, which is an astronomical amount according to reports. The character concerns (I don't have personal experience with him so I don't know for sure) are based around him having a really bad attitude
- Has total leverage in discussions since he has way to enter the draft next year - wants like 7 million or more which is a crazy high amount - apparently has some character concerns according to reports, although I don't know what the extent of what they are besides him possibly having a bad attitude
I don't think there's any kid who you can project to be Kershaw, he's on his way to be a top 5 pitcher ever if not the GOAT Bum is probably a good comparison if Groome pans out
I guess it all depends on how much Boston can actually offer him though, I'm sure he still wants to be payed a shit ton
They probably hope he's willing to take a huge discount to play for his favorite team
If you are talking about Groome his favorite team is the Red Sox, they are maybe the only ones who could get him to lower his asking offer
Damnit I wanted the Dodgers to get Blake
Seager is probably gonna get moved to 3B long term
He was probably gonna move regardless, especially with how bad Turner looks now
Like the pick, has 5 tool potential and great personality apparently. Only concern for him is hitting at the next level since he faced lesser competition in Wisconsin
Kershaw is only gonna be 30 in 3 years, which would be the middle of his prime
That's bold, but I respect your opinion. I just think Kershaw isn't gonna fall off in a couple years (barring injury obviously) as he's still getting better now
His counting stats aren't superstar levels, but anyone who has watched him play healthy before this year would definitely call him one. He's an absolute offensive juggernaut when he's on his game......it's just that he's been injured a lot throughout his career and it's starting to take its toll IMO Had he not gotten hit by a pitch in the face during the 2014 season he would have had well over 40+ HRs and probably would have won the MVP. That's something even as a Dodgers fan who absolutely loves Kershaw (2014 was his MVP year) believes
Checking for foreign substances
And I'm sure that he faced all bad offenses in his 3 Cy Young winning seasons and the year he won the MVP too
That's better in my opinion, but still don't you think his track record speaks for himself? This discussion is really silly because he's proven himself the best for the last 5 years
I'm gonna wait before declaring anything, but hoping he's really back too!
"Giants, you will forever remember this as the day you almost beat Clayton Kershaw"
He's been on another level this year
Yeah, this guard didn't do anything to deserve the criticism he's getting. The fan looked completely fine, just a little shocked since everything happened so quick
He didn't walk anyone last night
Ohh that makes sense haha
Just wait until someone walks off against you guys, it won't be so great then :(
Yeah we should totally bench our All Star Closer who has an ERA of like 1.5 this year
Or Yaider Alvarez Lol
They aren't a top talent level team but they are no where close to first overall pick bad healthy. They lost a ton of players (worst being Kennan Allen, one of the best WRs in the NFL) and still didn't pick first. I don't see how they are even in the conversation unless they get hurt even worse than last year which I really doubt will happen
You have to look at the context of records though, just saying a team will be bad the next year because they had a bad record the year before is silly I didn't downvote him, but I can totally understand why some people did
Poor Angels
He would of done it if he wasn't caught. He's still a terrorist, just not a very effective one
A lot of people hate Adam Silver now because of the Draymond Green incidents and him allowing ads on jerseys
I think its hard to count the dead ball era pitchers because the offenses were pretty bad and many rules worked in favor of pitchers (like it taking 9 balls to walk someone)
It's only the bandwagon fans who only started following the team within the last couple years, they wouldn't be calling this team bad if they went through the McCourt years
His defense and baserunning have been amazing this year, obviously his offense is a different story
Every team tries to buy championships. The Dodgers FO just took on a bunch of bad contracts in 2012 and signed Greinke to make the team competitive after the McCourt bankruptcy fucked the team up. They are cutting costs now and are trying to move towards a more sustainable budget, you will wont see us with a 300 million payroll again for a LONG time
You are right about the balls on base thing, I got the years it was present mixed up And yeah, the fact that they could start pretty much every game no problem inflated the WAR of the best players. Imagine Kershaw's WAR if he started every Dodgers game and didn't suffer from the massive arm fatigue that modern pitchers deal with, which is mostly because of the deliveries they had to adopt to deal with improved batting techniques.
If Lebron let stuff as light as someone calling him a bitch get to him meaningfully, then he wouldn't have been as great as he's been throughout his career. Like honestly he just had a bad game and got frustrated Lebron has played against Reggie and KG, you don't think he's heard worse than Draymond? Everyone would just call Lebron a bitch on the court if it actually threw him off as much as people are saying it did
Kershaw is only 28, it's not like he's at the end of his playing days
Yup, also didn't try to outbid you guys for Cueto either. Our FO is solely focused on doing what they feel is best for our roster, not about blocking our rivals from doing things
When did I call you a bandwagon fan?
I was just saying it wasn't flukey, just the only prime year he got before injuries wrecked him
Any Dodgers jersey is a good one (unless it's Andruw Jones)
People always talk about the Cubs, Nats and Giants being threats to win the World Series but I think the Rangers could easily end up stealing the championship this year. They look amazing right now and Prince has been playing a lot better lately Outside of 2014 they have been really consistently good this decade Edit: Wrong year
Rangers technically won 40 games before the Giants did
Yeah he was bascially the Barry Bonds of Relief Pitchers that year
There's plenty of guys who act like good winners and don't act like they are way more mature than others in press conferences. Klay made comments that bascially said Lebron is immature and that they are above that, and then he turned around and did something like this when he lost. Klay is a hell of a player but he deserves to be criticized for acting like a hypocrite
There are plenty of pitchers who celebrate after getting out of an inning, which is similar to hitting a big homerun. However it's only the batters who seem to get criticised for being emotional
The point is we don't have too
Exactly. The only way a hitter can retaliate is by charging the mound which is a guaranteed suspension for them
I agree
WRs aren't a postion that needs to win something to get in though, so I don't know if Brandon Marshall is a good comp if you are talking about HOF likelyhood. QB seems like it's ithe only postion where winning truly could keep a very good and deserving candidate from not making it in the HOF
The main reason why some don't see him as a lock is because of the question of him using steroids. That failed test he had years ago might sway some voters
Harden is so much farther ahead of him as a pure offensive player that I don't think the defense is really that much of a difference. Another thing is that Harden actually is a decent defender when he puts effort into it, but unfortunately he has to spend all 38 mins per a game he plays trying to outscore the opponent due to the lack of other offensive options, which in turn makes him less able to give effort on defense. If Klay was only real part of the Warriors offense you would see his defensive effort drop immensely too
No way, he started way too late in the MLB to get 4000
I wouldn't have even payed attention to people who thought that, they were either trolls or causal fans who don't really watch games that much
Haha fair enough
Actually there was a report that he failed one in 2003, but the way the evidence/data was collected and released by the government kind of ruined the chance for a follow up test. No one knows exactly what he tested positive for but his name appeared on a list with many confirmed steroid users so people think that it's was PEDs I don't know what all the facts are so I guess I can't really say exactly what happened
He had 3 straight good starts after the Bartolo HR, he's just had extremly bad starts in his last couple outings that have inflated his numbers
The only thing is that Moss accounted for less than half of Brady's TDs that year, so his case is weaker compared to Rice who caught 22 of Montana's 31 TDs
We need to find that gif that says "Introducing Daniel Murphy.........As the entire offense" and replace Murphy with Turner
That's pretty much every sport sub though
Hatcher trying to personally make up the runs Bolsinger gave up
I think Lincecum could have an argument to get in if he has a couple solid years in the back part of his career. Back to back Cy Youngs and 3 championships is impressive, and his career numbers aren't too shabby despite his steep fall Also I think from a talent and peak prospective Johan Santana has a case too, but his career numbers are gonna keep him out. During his peak he had 6 straight top 7 Cy Young voting finishes (5 straight top 5 Voting finishes), and 2 Cy Young wins. His career ERA is excellent too and has about 2000 strikeouts in 12 seasons (and he didn't even pitch that much in his first 2 years)
Whoops, my bad. I forgot about that
Sometimes scouts get caught up with a guy's raw tools and don't seem to pay attention to their actual in game performance. For example pure power and in game power are two different things, but sometimes they aren't separated when it comes to scouting
I'm definitely going to watch it, sounds really interesting
Yeah those aren't revenge games. Otherwise you would also have to count Favre's game against the Raiders after his dad died
Exciting =/= best Doesn't matter if the 2001 playoffs were boring, it was that way cause the Lakers were that good
I used to think the whole Even Year Magic thing was a meme, but I think we should all just accept it as truth at this point
How does that even happen......
Yeah Marlins have never lost a playoff series, impossible to do better than that
Yeah Kershaw makes most major league guys look like horrible batters, it would be even harder for someone who isn't used to hitting a baseball from that distance
He kept the faith in our future alive during the dark days, hope he does well
Probably not, he's pretty bad
It's worked pretty well so far
Yeah I was thinking why even keep firing arrows at Jon when he had a shield. Ramsey must have known that Jon would beat the shit out of him one on one
I mean obviously she's gonna be at least a little fucked up after what Ramsey and Joffery have done to her, but honestly I think her being more brutal is keeping her alive. I don't think Ramsey really cared about the scarring he did to Sansa when he was getting eaten alive by his own dogs. His ultimate goal was to rule the north for a long time, not fuck up Sansa. I think he knew he lost and was just trying to scare/guilt her into being merciful. No way he wanted what happened
Also Kentucky was undefeated until they lost in the tourney during the 2014 season
Fair enough, that's a good point
And Lebron had Bosh and Wade when on the Heat and were way more talented than any other team during their time span (minus maybe the Thunder but they were really young still). Both the teams they lost to in the finals weren't as talented as they were, but were able to play as a team better. 2014 Spurs especially, they played perfect team basketball
Dodgers could easily give Kenley what he's worth and our FO loves him. I would be really surprised if he actually made it to FA
They wanted to boost the BP, not get rid of Kenley. The FO wants the team to win and they know he is one of the best relief pitchers in baseball. Unfortunately we had serious holes in our BP earlier this year (Blanton has stepped into a setup role great so we don't need another elite relief option as bad now) so it made sense to try to get another top end relief guy in Chapman
I think we stand out offensively too.....
How is any of it unproven besides Thomas?
That's a good point, but I still think that the idea that they could just put some enlisted men together and dominate the NFL is silly
Personally I think the last 30 or so years is a good time frame to look at if you are deciding if a team is perennially bad or not. Mostly since they will have gone through at least 2 or more core groups of players in that timespan, but you are not looking so far back to the point you aren't even looking at the same franchise anymore in terms of ownership, management, and other head personal postions The Chargers playoff appearances starting in 1985: [92, 94 (SB appearence), 95, 04, 06, 08, 09, and 13] So 8 years of playoffs (with a SB appearence) and they had 12 losing years in the last 30 seasons. It's probably fair to call them mostly mediocre, but I think calling them perennially bad is pretty harsh The Saints playoff appearances stating in 1985: [87, 90, 91, 92, 00, 06, 09 (SB Win), 10, 11, 13] We have made the playoffs 10 times (including a SB win) and have 14 losing seasons over 30 years. I don't know if I would call us perennially bad either honestly, just averagish
I bet they will eventually though Lol
Well we won't be able to sign any international Cuban amateur players or a long time
Obviously talking about the ghost of Brandon League
Lot more negro leaguer stars in the HOF probably
Yaz money baby
Hahaha live baseball games are usually pretty fun regardless of the outcome, I wouldn't be worried about that (unless he later wants to become a Mariners fan too, in which case I'd definitely tell him not to expect much happiness if he goes through with it Lol)
That's fair, I just see some team giving him a 5 year deal or something and I'm kind of hoping it isn't us
Celtics had a pretty famous white guy too
I think Simmons was always the far and away superior prospect, but a bunch of people kind of bought into the anti-Simmions movement so hard (stuff was said like he doesn't put effort on the court, doesn't care about winning, has a broken jumper that can't be fixed, is a bad leader) that they completely forgot that pretty much every other single part of Simmons game is a coaches dream and that no prospect is absolutely perfect. Ingram is a great prospect too, but he's just no where near the same caliber of overall talent that Simmons is. Another thing is that a lot of the negative stuff about him can be chalked up to having a very mediocre team and one of the worst CBB coaches while at LSU (minus his shooting, that legitimately does need a ton of work). Having a NBA coach and finally being in the pros like he wanted should fix his motivation/effort concerns, while his jumper can be focused on by the best coaches the sport has to offer
The stats pretty much show what scouts say about Simmons though. Elite rebounding and vision potential, great finisher at the rim. If you also look at defensive stats Simmons is elite there too, which is another aspect of his game that scouts love Honestly the only real concerns about him were motivation and his jumper. Motivation issue will get fixed when he enters the NBA (since its what he has really wanted, not a year in college) and top level coaches will work day and night on his shooting. I have faith he can become an ok shooter which is honestly all he really needs to be with all his other skills
Jason Collins was a FA when he came out and didn't get signed by a team after he announced it though, Sam got drafted and made it to a practice squad as openly gay
Whoops you're right, for some reason I thought no one picked him up
That would be fine with me too, I would definitely be happy to have him as long as we don't end up a new Carl Crawford like situation with him
Baseball has a ton of breaks too, especially when you consider how long it takes for some pitchers to actually pitch
Asking the tough questions
He's also 31 with hip problems. I wouldn't be so sure that you can easily predict how good he'll be based on prior seasons now since he's at the end of his prime I mean he has career worsts so far in walk rate and BB/K ratio, and has a horrible OBP. He also has the lowest hard contact % of his career since 2009. I don't really see the light at the end of the tunnel for him barring a massive change in approach
Even if it was I don't think it will really affect his HOF chances Lol
I felt the same way when Matt Kemp was traded from the Dodgers (he was by far my favorite baseball player and had one super amazing year before injuries fucked him). I was really sad we got rid of him, but at the same time in my heart I knew he was not the player he used to be. Just cheer for Rose to do good and try to find a good young player on your team to follow closer. It helps with the pain
He's right, if he had any other flair most people would have agreed with him
But you didn't just trade Calderon, Lopez is a pretty good player who is certainly gonna be missed by the Knicks. If Rose stays healthy, plays well, and sticks around it will be an awesome trade for the Knicks. Unfortunately that's far from a sure thing right now
Now you know how it feels for us to watch you guys
5 strikeouts + this play. That's pretty much how I would expect a random guy off the streets to perform if thrown into a MLB game Lol
Yeah 5ks and a bad error don't even compare to a pitcher giving up 10 runs in the first inning
That right
How do you know Brown is worthless Lmao
But if Brown turns into the HOFer (unlikely but you never know) no one will give a shit about his past 5 picks. Let the kid play first
People are taking the trade offer reports over the last couple days as 100% fact, when in reality they probably weren't true
Buddy is a really good shooter and will be solid for us, but I can't help but be a little dissapointed we passed up Murray instead
People just said Knight was in the deal wow
Jrue was scoring almost 20 points a game after he came off his minutes limit, he's not really a pass first guy
Their stats are pretty similar, and Brees actually has a lead in several categories. It's not like it's a totally laughable thing
Honestly I don't know if it would be worth it for you guys, only being behind by one in superbowl wins is a lot worse than being behind by 4 IMO
He did have a homer too so he didn't have a terrible game
No I looked at his stats and compared them to his contempories. He was better over a longer stretch of his career and missed 3 prime years to the war, which actually makes his final numbers all the more impressive. Bonds was awesome and a HOFer before his steroid use, but he's not by far the best player ever
What part of my argument makes me an idiot?
If you just take any random current player and put him into a past baseball era they would probably be one the best. The reason is that players now adays and during Barry's prime had much better conditioning/training programs (not to mention steroids in Barry's case) which helped them immensely. If you give a guy from a prior era (say Mays or Mickey Mantle) all the advantages of a modern athlete from the time they are young I'm sure they would be putting up HOF numbers now too. It's better to look at guys based on the era they were in, not how good they would be today if you brought them in from a time machine or transported a modern guy back
Sure you'd have to let Ted grow up with modern pitching, just like Barry had years growing up hitting modern type pitching
Once he has a degree and a job I doubt he will really have to rely on his grandmother anymore. Her paying for college is just a boost for him to be able to have a nice sustainable life despite being poor right now, she's probably not banking on paying for him forever either
That's honestly the funniest name he could have picked for the mixtape Lol
MJ wasn't even a Bulls lifer and he's the best player in NBA history. It's extremely hard to predict who will be a lifer no matter how much a guy seems to love a city and vice versa
This might be unpopular but I absolutely love the Pelicans name. Maybe I would ok with it being switched if it was to get the Jazz name back but I honestly love how unique it is to us The name of our arena is another story, smoothie king center sucks. If it weren't for "the blender" nickname I don't think I would even acknowledge it as real
Y'all just jealous we got a unique and cool team name. I mean at least we aren't named after something that can be defeated by turning on the AC
I think they are probably used to getting jokes made by now
Or Tyrion
To be fair we do bad in Pittsburgh every year
DFAing a shitty player and trading a super talented young guy on a good contract are two completely different things
Jurrickson Profar would still cost a fuckton prospect wise (and that's even if the Rangers would want to deal him). I don't even know if we could swing a deal for him in the first place, and if we could we would completely destroy our farm system to do it. Lucroy would be cheaper but we would have to deal multiple top prospects to get the Brewers to maybe bite. Sorry but trading for Lucroy or Profar (no way in hell we can afford both) would ruin all of the effort Friedman has spent building up a sustainable future for the team, so I don't think I would be for it
He was joking
I think the injuries to Kyrie and Love did them more in last year, this Warriors squad was better but Cavs were able to beat them
I'm saying they didn't get clearly out matched. Thunder had a very good chance to win that series so I wouldn't say that they couldn't beat the Warriors if they played them again
It's statically true though
I think I would take 2013 Heat Lebron over current Lebron if I was talking about from the beginning of the season until the end
I mean he still had a amazing postseason in 2013 and won a championship over a close to prime Spurs team. His leadership skills were awesome that year and singlehandedly willed his team to wins in some of the games. I will say he's a even better leader now but personally I feel he was better overall in 2013 as Lebron that season was the closest I felt to watching a guy just own a sport since the days of MJ and Gretzky
Fitting username :(
Plus there's a scene of them in bed together on there wedding night having sex, although I don't think it actually shows anything
It has nothing to do with race. If Harper or Puig did the same thing they would have been torn apart by the media, which was his point
Profar is part of their future and has looked amazing this year. We would honestly have to offer either Urias or Seager to get the Rangers to listen
A win is a win, doesn't matter how you get it
I would love if my Manger was willing to try find loopholes to win like Girardi did. It shows a high level of cunningness which helps a lot at the major league level
IIRC there are more sonics fans than Pelicans fans too. We are a really small fanbase
Well we did have some late games so "Im_nightdrunk" would have been relevant too
Yeah he wasn't starting until he was 20
So does Ozuna
That chiefs team was also up by like 28 points until they lost like 6 of their best players in quick succession. I'll definitely give you guys the Denver game though, that really impressed me
Cam also had less to work with than Luck did and had a harder division, but I do agree that Luck could be a top 5 QB next year. I just want to see him have more than one great year before putting him up there with the best Rodgers, Wilson, Brady, Brees, and Palmer (among others last season) make it hard for me to put Luck in the top 5 until he's really established himself as an elite player
As a Dodgers fan that hypothetical trade almost made me sick, I can't imagine what Canadians fans must feel like right now
I want to see Jose De Leon
I was just talking for that one particular matchup. The Chiefs lost a ton of key starters and had no game plan for when they went down, while the Colts didn't lose their guys during the game Anytime a team loses 6 starters (and with a majority of them being really really good) while a game is going on its pretty much a death blow. The backups aren't ready to start and the gameplans go straight out the window with no time to really adjust. The Colts definitely played good, but if the Chiefs don't have one of the unluckiest streaks of injury luck I've ever seen in a single game they would have lost
The Panthers had a shitty line until this year. Also I was referring to Dwyane Allen, Colby Fleener, Ty Hilton, Donte Moncrief and Phillip Dorset. There is/was more offensive talent on offense for the Colts than the Panthers throughout their careers Also not mentioning the first round pick the Colts gave up to get Trent Richardson (who obviously didn't pan out) which helps show the Colts willingness to give Luck almost anything they felt would help him out. The only major offensive moves the Panthers have really made with Cam were drafting Kelvin Benjamin and Devin Funchess, the rest was on Cam to make due with what he was given Edit: Also I will say you can put Mike Tolbert towards Cam, but he wasn't a huge FA acquisition when he was signed (4 years 10 million)
His defense is fine but pretty much everything else has went into a free fall with him. He's definitely not the guy he was known to be anymore (much like rose)
Trayce has been absolutely awful since his hot start. And at least Kendrick is a full time hitter so it makes sense in that regard
Oh come on, we weren't even your primary competition for a championship this year
He's bascially saying at least we have the young guys to watch, not that Urias and Seager are gonna single handily carry us to a world series
Damn we are so fucked now
Did you honestly expect Dodgers fans to be happy with Kershaw going down and Giants fans saying "Even Year" on the post about it?
He did miss a month in 2014
Or we could call them the Meds
Puig is not regressing defensively or baserunning wise, and looked very good offensively when he came back recently off the disabled list
Who have they signed besides McCarthy and Anderson that were known injury concerns before they came to us? I think you are using hindsight to judge a lot of their moves
Lol why is this tagged as Trivia?
Wins for pitchers don't really indicate how good they are. Felix Hernandez won a Cy Young with a near .500 pitching record in 2010 If you use wins as a stat to seemly argue one pitcher over another it's probably not gonna go over well here just to give you a heads up
They could just cut their major league payroll a little if they really had to, replacing one veteran guy with a rookie would probably give them enough funds to pay for all the minor league guys' pay raises to 30k
That's definitely true, I was just asking the dude above who else that we signed recently had a big injury history besides McCarthy and Anderson. I know you can't really blame us or McCarthy for him needing Tommy John since a ton of pitchers get it now a days
Great job finding this gif, I think all Dodgers fans should use it whenever they can
What about Puig, Hernandez, Ryu, Montas, Wood, Stripling, Kershaw and all the other guys who have been hurt this year who didn't have bad injury histories when we acquired them? McCarthy and Anderson honestly were the only somewhat big acquisitions over the last couple years that I (and a lot of other Dodgers fans) were worried about health wise. The rest of our injuries are from plain bad luck
