"Hey Israel, Palestine, Iran, Iraq, y'all need to team up to defeat aliens from outer space that some people still don't believe are real." Yeah, I could see why that might not work.
I was so hoping he would walk to the ships. He's a fucking giant, who needs boats?
Jon and Sam explicitly discuss that dragonsteel is probably Valyrian steel, but they don't have anyway to confirm. Until now! Fucking confirmed!
"You're not my mother, [you're a SNORT!](http://www.natalieserber.com/sg_userfiles/b_IMG_5470.jpg)"
Dany did have a vision that she would marry a blue rose on a wall of ice. It's happening!
I was expecting him to do that for half the scene. Real reason? Probably very expensive and technically challenging to get it to look right with ththe water and everything.mplua no dramatic NK/Jon showdown.
[Ser Waymar Royce](http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/Waymar_Royce)
Hey, you asked who knew, and I answered! =)
Oh god. It was staring us in the face the whole time! Gendry has been rowing around in circles because his blacksmithing arm is stronger than his other!
&gt; Jon isn't going to stay dead. Dude, even Sam knows that. "Jon always comes back."
My biggest question: what would wildfire do?
I think the bigger question if he gets on the boat is, "how does he get on it without it tipping over?"
"Man, he keeps on hitting him. Rattleshirt is going to be pissed when this is [squish] ... oh. Is he dead? [pool of blood] Holy shit!"
To be fair, it made it a lot easier to keep track of people during the fight. Also, it made the final scene when they all stand up that much more impressive.
NW: "Lord Commander!" Jon: "Get her to the ship and come back for me!" NW: "You'll never mak-" Jon: "NOW!"
NW: "Lord Commander!" Jon: "Get her to the ship and come back for me!" NW: "You'll never mak-" Jon: "NOW!"
"You're not my mother, you're a SNORT!"
Quick check says I may have to eat crow. Catelyn I doesn't say it where I thought it did, only that Ice's name came from another sword during the Age of Heroes.
My bet is the "Previously On" for the last episode includes the Orell death scene to confirm/remind the theory, same as Jon getting Longclaw was the reminder this week.
That was my thought the whole time.
So... Cersei's face 100% of the time?
Catelyn I in GOT says VS Ice got its name from an ancestral sword named Ice from the Age of Heroes.
Who else would it be? His head looks like a crown! Or Darth Maul. But also a crown!
Yup. He even brings it up to Jon, and the conversation is something like: - Sam: I found one account of the Long Night that spoke of the last hero slaying Others with a blade of dragonsteel. - Jon: Dragonsteel? Could that be Valyrian steel? - Sam: That's what I thought too. - Jon: [something to the effect of hopefully we never have to find out. keep reading]
That's what I thought too. The Other had no idea what to do when he couldn't just toy with everyone. He made one huge swipe that Jon easily parried that exposed himself to a deadly counterattack.
I mean, if you've read the books you are already spoiled, so you might as well get amped up for the reveal that episode. Also, studies do show that people are more excited when they are spoiled. Even with things like GOT and ASOIAF, the most exciting moments are when your predictions/theories come true.
Exactly. Sam finds it, tell Jon, and they both immediately come to the same conclusion that dragonsteel is Valyrian steel. SearchAll! "dragonsteel"
Old Nan talks about them too!
It's also a great way to convey the coldness all the characters feel when the Walkers come around.
&gt; just him warging into Ghost while he *recovers*. For fuck's sake, we've even seen this near-exact thing once before. Who spent time in bed healing while his skinchanger powers and greendreams developed? Bran, back in AGOT. I've never considered the warging while healing aspect of it. That would make a lot of sense, especially if Jon's friends 'win' whatever battle break out and get his body to safety. Ghost could even help see to it that his body survives.
I don't see why D&amp;D care if word gets out that Jon survives. When the words "Jon always comes back" make it onto the show it's a good indication they *want* people to think Jon survives.
Night's King: "Ah, those were the days."
[The windows are always there.](http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120426034651/gameofthrones/images/4/43/LeaveHerFace.jpg)
&gt; They both realize he has king's blood Back up. Who says Mel knows Jon has king's blood? Aside from the fact that apparently everyone does.
If you want to talk about people who have no agency, lets start with GRRM's editor.
&gt; send Davos after Bran and/or Rickon I agree with you, but how? No one knows where Bran or Rickon went. Is Stannis just going to point Davos in a random direction and say good luck? Because that's how you end up wandering the Riverlands for two books without finding anything.
&gt; I only wonder what Sansa will do next season Littlefinger told Cersei he plans to march the Vale north to retake Winterfell and be named Warden of the North. While he was lying about his motivations, I think he was honest with his intentions. After all, you can cover up a small band traveling North, but you can't move an entire army up the King's Road without raising a few eyebrows. That would set up Sansa &amp; Littlefinger Part II, but this time Sansa will be pissed at him. Also, in terms of the overall story it will get another army close to the wall to help fight the Others.
&gt; the Pink Wedding makes me a bit uncomfortable... Think of it as Pink as in Bolton and in no other manner.
&gt; I thought they would just keep getting up unless they were burned. In the Jojen fight we saw them continue to fight despite being in various pieces, and last night lots of them came back despite arrows in their heads. I think it was partly for effect, and also because the camera kept shifting to different battles, disrupting continuity. Edit: and there was the whole bit where they jumped off the edge of a cliff, shook it off, and kept on going.
Ep 10 description includes "Stannis marches".
Ep. 10 description is "Stannis marches" after facing a "tough decision" in ep. 9. My bet is Ramsay just fucks up the camp, Mel says now is the time to burn Shireen, Stannis refuses. Then in ep. 10 he moves towards Winterfell, setting up next season.
&gt; They were not children in any meaningful way Aside from being young, small, and looking so similar to her own children people think they were her kids...
That's complete post-hoc bullshit. As of 2005, Brady was 9-0 in the playoffs. Since then he's been 12-8. That's still really good, but also way fucking worse than 9-0. Meanwhile, Elway started his playoff career 7-8, before finishing 7-0. Furthermore, "proven" Brady lost twice to completely unproven Eli in the Super Bowl. Past playoff performance is a terrible measure to judge future success. The sample size is way too small and the level of difficulty way too inconsistent to be of any use.
I just figured they are going to need as much of it as they can get. Even if they have 200 arrowheads, that's like one for every 5 NW/Wildling.
"Overwatch with a machete? Aye aye, commander."
I thought the 1 was a cooldown counter.
Hmmmm. That's true, I've never thought about it from that angle. This king's blood business is awfully convenient.
You can still teleport rockmen over there. It just takes a while. Of course, a firebomb is a pisspoor way to finish an unmanned ship off.
I thought during one shot they showed more than the original 4, but I may be wrong.
Right. Someone here had the excellent idea that the Vale replaces Manderly's betrayal of the Boltons. LF might even get enough guys inside the castle to open it to the rest of his forces and conquer it before Stannis even gets there!
And Robb was just king, so that might work too.
In this case, "things that aren't going to live much longer, and things that might"
That's cool. But now I want to know where they are 'mining' all that ice from.
Because the North[ "knows no king other than DAKINGINDANORF, whose name is STARK"](http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20150421172421/gameofthrones/images/3/3d/Lyanna_Mormont's_letter.png)
In the show Rickon was headed for the Umbers and Last Hearth, so... Congrats?
My point is that Sansa only knows they were alive, not where they went. Davos won't know to go to Last Hearth.
Sure, but how *much* better was ASOS from GOT and COK? I read them too close together and can't tell. GOF was like 2-3 times as long as the previous HP novels, did some significant world building by introducing the international wizard into world, and expanded on the darker and more complicated schemes from POA. Not many children's books have their villan go from 'bad guy of the week' to self-mutilation and cold blooded, on-screen murder.
Probably predates a lot of people here too.
No way Tyrion could stop talking for that long. That man loves talking as much as he loves tits and wine. =)
Tyrion meeting Dany. What happened at Hardhome. Valyrian steel. Revealing LF's short term plan to become Warden of the North (although you could say we already knew that). Arya's Mercy chapter which seems to be coming. Those off the top of my head.
Something like Asshai by the Shadow there is a big wall. It's not north, but cuts off further east.
Except Marwyn is headed away from the other two, and [I don't think we can trust him at all.](http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/37kqev/spoilers_all_theory_throwback_thursday/crnqijd) He is probably working with the Faceless Men, he may be a red priest, he may have just kidnapped Gilly, Mance's baby, and Aemon's body, etc.
Roose and Ramsay definitely know. It was Ramsay's idea to take the boys' death while disguised as Reek.
Nah, that's [Marwyn](http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/37kqev/spoilers_all_theory_throwback_thursday/crnqijd)
Then I guess the Last Hero was the founder of House Targaryen. SearchAll! "Dragonsteel"
It's annoying the exit is so far left, but I always find it worth it to hit as many of those extra stars as possible and just fight the rebels 2-3 times to get back to the exit.
That's just the shape of your eye lens, which is the same thing as 'appearance'.
And like the offset Falcon cockpit [it made loading and unloading very convenient.](http://www.aerospace-technology.com/projects/boeing747-400f/images/boeing747freighter_4.jpg)
&gt; we haven't seen any agenda of theirs, but it is most certainly not kill everything. GRRM (author) has said he dislikes Tolkien views of factions being wholly good/evil Here's a direct quote from Martin. &gt; It is certainly a genuine, legitimate topic as the core of fantasy, but I think the battle between Good and Evil is waged within the individual human hearts. We all have good in us and we all have evil in us, and we may do a wonderful good act on Tuesday and a horrible, selfish, bad act on Wednesday, and to me, that’s the great human drama of fiction. I believe in gray characters, as I’ve said before. We all have good and evil in us and there are very few pure paragons and there are very few orcs. A villain is a hero of the other side, as someone said once, and I think there’s a great deal of truth to that, and that’s the interesting thing. In the case of war, that kind of situation, so I think some of that is definitely what I’m aiming at. The Others could easily want to kill everything and still have a lot of gray to them. After all, think of the Wildlings - they banded together and created a huge army to attack the Night's Watch and move south, and killed a ton of people in the process. But they had a good reason for it as they were trying to get away from the Others. Maybe the Others want to kill everything because they know the dragons are out there and will kill them if they don't do it first? Then the Others are attacking for their own survival, which gives them some gray, but also doesn't make them good!
The US has the facilities to host the WC today and I bet others might too. The only issue would be logistics (clearing out hotels, selling tickets, schedule, etc). Obviously not something you'd want to rush, but I'd think one or two years notice would be plenty of time.
I don't disagree about the US's lack of football when they got the 94 bid, but it's a very easy argument that having the WC in the US would grow the sport as we're a massive country with a love for sports. And look, only 20 years later it's paying off. The same would not be true for Qatar, and unlikely to be true for the Middle East as a whole.
In the books she takes really hot baths, but there's a big difference between that and fire.
The OP directly addressed this by pointing out Bittersteel returned and supported multiple Blackfyres but the sword never showed up. &gt; In fact, if you read WOIAF, in all of the follow up rebellions, there is no mention of Blackfyre being seen or used in combat, even when Bittersteel accompanied the attempted rebellions. Why the hell wouldn’t Bittersteel arm the Blackfyre ‘kings’ he supported if he had the sword? Simple, because he DIDN’T have it. The solution to a problem is often the simplest explanation. Now before you start ranting about the sample Tyrion chapter and hearing something about a sword in another language, just remember that Varys arming his ‘trueborn Targ’ with Blackfyre would likely weaken his claim as a trueborn heir, so he wouldn’t do it. Additionally, the sword made no appearance when Aegon finally met up with the Golden Company near the end of ADWD. Conclusion of Chain of custody of Blackfyre: In possession of Brynden “Bloodraven” Rivers after the Battle of Redgrass Field.
SearchAll! "soul"
SearchAll! "seed"
I don't think his implication is there is a rightful ruler, but I do think his story says the Targaryen's are the most important family with the whole "Song of Fire and Ice" and The Prince That Was Promised stuff. Or do you think Rhaegar was off his rocker, and was merely lucky to seemingly anticipate the Others returning for the first time in 8,000 years?
&gt; that guy **was** a regular human by all accounts Key word in that sentence. See the second answer below. Doesn't necessarily mean anything, but it also opens up lots of possibilities. SearchAll! [Bran] "soul"
&gt; he shoved it under a cupboard... That's exactly what he did. When he gives it to Jon he remarks that he got it from Maege after Jorah left it, but looking at it reminded him of Jorah's shame so he put it away and forgot about it. He only remembered while going through the ashes after the wight attack.
No. It's not that different from the older members of the household to "go hunting" during winter.
Like DeMarco Murray before and after he was on the Cowboys! And it goes both ways depending if you are an Eagles or a Cowboys fan!
We should know a lot more after Jaime and Doran talk next episode. I think that could cover Doran's speech to Arianne and/or Jaime's and ~~the Blackfish~~ Edmure. (Wrong Tully, sorry)
I disagree with the conclusion. It's based on Dany's Dragons still growing while underneath Meereen, but I think that's only because there is still enough space for them and eventually it will stunt their growth.
&gt; There are other objects made from it. Some Maesters have Valyrian links on their chains. Aegon I's crown was made from it. Marwyn's arc maester rod, mask, and ring are made from Valyrian steel too.
We know almost nothing about it other than the phrase "the prince that was promised". No one explains what the prince is supposed to do.
So you don't want to see Robert's Rebellion because we already have a good idea what happens, but you *do* want Game of Thrones where we know almost exactly what will happen???
I have no idea how it works, it's magic! Varamyr doesn't even know for sure if he'll lose the gift, so he certainly doesn't know what would happen if his body came back to life. Maybe Ghost would have to die, or a wight body wouldn't work but a resurrection would. Again, I have no idea because it's magic, I'm just saying it could. Especially since Mel sees Jon turn from man to wolf to man in a vision. Edit: &gt; The flames crackled softly, and in their crackling she heard the whispered name Jon Snow. His long face floated before her, limned in tongues of red and orange, appearing and disappearing again, a shadow half-seen behind a fluttering curtain. **Now he was a man, now a wolf, now a man again.** But the skulls were here as well, the skulls were all around him. Melisandre had seen his danger before, had tried to warn the boy of it. Enemies all around him, daggers in the dark. He would not listen.
What's wrong with gene modification? In XCOM I bet you used it to fight the aliens, and in real life we can get a lot of benefits from it.
Or read it but never played the original and thus knew nothing about snakemen.
Dany's going to ride Drogon this week. This is the fighting pit week.
What everyone misses is not that Martin inverts tropes, he just disguises them better than others. Ned looks like the main character, but he's just the older mentor that dies early in the story. Bloodraven might as well be named Obi-Wan Kenobi. Dany has *dragons*, the archetypical fantasy animal. Undead zombies are a huge trope. How many times has he done the death fakeout, where it seems like a character died only to turn out perfectly safe? Arya, Davos, Tyrion (twice IIRC). The nerdy fat guy reads books to give the hero the right answers. And on and on.
Dammit, I got my Tully brothers mixed up. I meant when he talks with Edmure. I always viewed that as Jaime finally embracing a new role from the warrior one he had followed his entire life up to that point.
Yeah, at a ratio of about 1,000:1.
No he hasn't. Just because we haven't seen him since doesn't mean he's forever trapped in stasis off the coast of Dragonstone.
I would say Mel can't control what R'hllor shows her. Also she can easily just say "told you so" that this is what happens when you don't burn Shireen.
Jaime also thinks he'll easily defeat Brienne, and is very surprised about how long the fight takes even in his condition.
You're right. Everyone is going to die. Jon, Stannis, Dany, the dragons. Everyone. When GRRM said the ending was bittersweet he meant it was because everyone dies and the Others win, because that's what bittersweet means. It's not like we have tons of visions indicating Jon is going to live or anything - "Jon on a wall of ice wielding a flaming sword" or "a blue rose in on a wall of ice" that Dany will marry, Mel seeing Jon "turn from a man into a wolf and back into a man", or a how prologue about warging after you die that so far has no other purpose...
Did you miss the part where he sang the Dornishman's Wife over two episodes, and said the song is all about the ending? He's long gone.
The books have also been intentionally vague about how long it takes to get from point A to point B. The show is following Martin's lead.
That would be stupid. What's the point then?
"Hey, this guy may have murdered someone! I'll help you out by murdering him back!" Her child was a moron. And not a child, but an adult.
Jorah lied about spying on her, and stopped a long time ago once he came to respect her as a ruler. Mossador went against her explicit orders and murdered a defenseless prisoner. Different crimes have different punishments.
Oh, there's no advantage to winning the hearts and minds of your new subjects that hate you? Good luck in Meereen, Dany. The Boltons need the support of the other Houses to maintain their hold on the north. Stannis is by far more popular than them, both because of long rooted rivalries and because the Boltons just killed a bunch of their family members. Ramsay is right in saying they are in a precarious position politically. Doesn't mean it's necessarily the right move to attack now, but there are advantages to it.
Ditto. "There must always be a Stark in Winterfell" WW have some prophecy that said Winterfell will be without a Stark "soon" (on a WW timescale) and start gearing up for the right moment. That moment is now.
A week ago I was sure /r/xcom would be able to handle female aliens, since there was no issue with having female humans around all the time. I had no idea how wrong I was.
&gt; I think ASOIAF has made it pretty damn clear that there is no good side and evil side. People say this, but it's not true. Many people aren't 100% evil, but there is very clearly some 'very much evil, little redeeming good' in the series. Craster, Joffrey, Ramsay, Cersei (especially if/when she burns King's Landing), and the Others who are very intent on killing everything in their path. What about the wights makes them not 100% evil? And if that's the type of army the Others have, that makes them much more evil than not. I think the Others will have some sort of motivation (like they are descended from the Starks and want to reclaim Winterfell) but that doesn't excuse their actions.
&gt; kept what would be the last line of White Trees, a mystical tree from Numenor and the island's signature tree that became the sigil of House Elendil, the kings of Gondor. As long as we are talking about keeping the last of the White Trees, we can talk about Jon following the Old Gods too.
&gt; unless there was a Stark in winterfell? was *not* a Stark, but that's the idea. I don't know why he would make that deal, but maybe he doesn't have a choice in the matter. Best guess is it's an ancient magic thing, like Harry Potter and blood protection at his aunt's house.
&gt; If a team is putting 8 in the box against Dallas, that is single coverage to Jason Witten, Dez and T Will Well, sort of. If 8 are in the box then Witten is most likely lined up tight, so one of those 8 will be covering Witten, which leaves a corner for each receiver plus a single high safety. Not that it really matters. When people say "8 in the box" they generally mean 8 linemen and linebackers, but teams use 5+ DBs more than 60% of the time now.
Yes, Firaxis were going for a distinctly female-looking snake. This sub had people squeezing her boobs, her putting a tongue down a soldier's throat, and "porn when".
Look at the [concept art](http://oyster.ignimgs.com/wordpress/stg.ign.com/2015/06/XCOM2_Viper.jpg), the original video, and the fan art and tell me who gave them "huge knockers".
That's not how math works.
No, it's not like saying that at all. A field goal is a field goal. A drive at the end of the game has a very different risk/reward balance, time restrictions, and the defense knows you're going to pass.
&gt; I hope most of the old enemies still make an appearance in some capacity, possibly "evolved". But... That's exactly what they did with the sectoids...
Having just started reading GOT again, I'll note when Bran sees them the same "no, stop it, stop it, stop it .... okay" process plays out.
Just wait. I'm guessing his scene with Doran will be very influential.
Quite possibly next season.
SearchAll! "the others"
&gt; It simply appropriates it differently. Making it *less* likely that players are paid based on their skill level. It takes money away from rookies and forces it to go to veterans, despite the fact that most rookies equal or outperform vets. Furthermore, it shortens careers for vets because they have to significantly outplay rookies because they are required to be paid more by the CBA, and teams will opt for cheap rookies over expensive vets. It all but eliminated the "middle class" of NFL veterans. Wilson, Luck, and Newton have all been horribly underpaid so far compared to their performance. Runningbacks are completely fucked over - their careers are so short that by the time they hit free agency their careers are already on the decline. It also prevents holdouts if players significantly outperformed their contracts. The very top of the draft started to get too high, mostly huge guarantees, but their salaries weren't that out of range. Sam Bradford is still on his rookie contract and his $13 million per year when every franchise QB is getting $16 million to 22 million. If you think Bradford is at least around the Dalton line that's still a good deal, and he's supposed to be the worst example.
While an important topic, tons of people are talking about Brienne and her potentially conflicting oaths.
It seems like the Iron Bank has no shortage of allies.
How many starters play special teams? I bet they would be a lot better at it than the most special teamers who can barely make the roster, but only a handful of clubs in the NFL do it. A month or so ago when the Cowboys mentioned Dez might return punts everyone thought it was stupid, and brought up how dumb it was for Earl Thomas to return punts. The reasoning for both was the same - they might get hurt for little or no gain. Same thing here.
No he wasn't. His line was actually above average for his era.
Not that it will change anyone's mind, but.... Sure, [Peyton Manning](https://twitter.com/skepticalsports/status/513831673398853632/photo/1) is the one who lacks [clutch performance and not his teams](https://espnfivethirtyeight.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/morris-feature-nflwk7-4.png?w=610&amp;h=527). That first chart is just due to luck, [right](https://espnfivethirtyeight.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/morris-feature-nfl-wk3-2.png)?
No. Mother's Mercy refers to Cersei's walk. The High Septon even said it two weeks ago.
He didn't say the last chapter from th books, just a scene from the books.
Yes. Because how Jon comes back is a big fucking deal.
Dany can't inherit anyway as a female. Targs don't work that way anymore.
That she marries! The much more realistic path is this sub burns down when Jon is revealed as a legit Targ and marries Dany. People will hate that. "I thought there wouldn't be tropes! Boo to a tiny bit happy ending! I wanted the fucking merlings to team up with the real kraken and kill everything!"
It seems likely he'll "ride" both. Dany has a vision she'll marry Jon.
Do we have any hint that Varys knows about the Others, or that he cares at all? I know the NW brought the wight hand to court, but they were dismissed almost out of hand and forgotten by everyone.
Bronn. He was the one singing the Dornishman's Wife. It's no accident he sang it over two episodes and said "it's all about the ending".
Yup. They kept it quite so Brees had more leverage with the Saints, but they weren't going to sign him.
? It was his duty to support Robert and hold Storm's End. There were no decisions to make.
It might be second least after where do the whores go for me.
Renly was being right, in that he actually had the ability to win and hold the throne. Stannis hasn't and doesn't.
He was an imposter this whole time and everyone knew it, but people were blind to the truth!
Ep 10 summary is something like Dany is surrounded or meets strangers.
Brienne, Brienne, she's our man, if she can't do it Podrick can!
Remember when Stannis hung his sentries that didn't see Ramsay? Yeah.
&gt; Why Stannis would not have outriders is beyond any logical comprehension Well it's snowing hard and their horses are dying, and Davos explicitly said Ramsay know the land and their men don't. I felt like that was sufficiently addressed, especially when it was only supposed to illustrate how bad things are now.
Stannis wasn't pro-Stark when Robb was still around and calling himself king. He only became pro-Stark because he saw a strategic advantage to it once he was at the wall.
Long live the guy that murdered his brother! Long live the guy that chopped off the fingers of his most loyal servant for saving his life! Long live the guy that uses a religion he doesn't believe in for his own personal gain! Long live the guy that tried to burn innocent Edric Storm! Long live the guy that tempted Jon to break his NW's vows, then burns "Mance" for being a NW deserter!
&gt; He wanted to combat a meager force of soldiers from an impoverished land with a force of well fed knights and foot soldiers 100'000 strong. If Stannis did that he'd be hailed as a strategic genius. And Renly had a good point that no one would ever support Stannis as king, even if he did somehow win. There'd be a rebellion in no time.
He has a suspiciously specific dream of killing Renly in a tent. He only absolves himself because "when I woke up my hands were clean". So Brienne sees Stannis's face because Stannis actually acted it out, but Stannis did it while dreaming so isn't 100% complicit, but he knew something was going on.
&gt; Everyone seems to forget the whole three chapters in ASoS where he can't bring himself to do it, and is wrestling with himself over not burning him And then he decides to do it, and is only foiled by Davos. And Davos is the one who tells him to help the Wall. Stannis is nothing without Davos.
&gt; Daenerys is the main one who gets flacked for it and I don't know why. I think a large part of it is the story isn't quite as deep as they hope it is, so they want to see extra layers where there are none. Jon and Dany are the heroes but when you have 5 years to analyze each book those stories get stale and you look for alternatives. Hence Stannis getting a ton of love when he's clearly a fraud, and he knows it, but he goes along with it because he *wants* it to be true and will help him become king.
It's only obvious because you know it is happening. Most people have no idea.
Except he doesn't. In both book and show he sends Davos away.
It makes perfect sense. Stannis does not know about the Rattleshirt/Mance switch.
That would make sense.... except then how is Jon going to survive FTW in the show? If the burning of Shireen was that crucial for Jon then I don't think the show would have changed it. I think this gives credence to the "Jon's not dead, just extremely wounded" theory, and he runs around as ghost until he gets better.
I meant morally, but yes. Stannis is almost a puppet for Mel's goals and Davos's morales.
How about he makes a Pro Bowl first?
Kelly, Elway, and Bo Jackson. Deion also said he wouldn't play for the Lions.
Not right after, but that's when the pain started and I trust Tony Dungy's opinion on it.
Without the deflection I think it was at least 4 feet wide.
Looks like the Aussies ran out of gas after about the first 30 minutes. I don't remember a serious attack or build up after they scored their goal. The US mids might as well not been on the field for how ineffective they were defending at first, and the US LB repeatedly drifted inside leaving her woman wide open. US played much, much better once they had the lead. No longer feeling the pressure to *attack attack attack* they were able to maintain possession and kill the clock. Not a lot of offense out of the possession game, but it did lead to Rapinoe's second goal. Going forward I would be concerned about the US's ability to score when not leading. The US seemed to have nothing aside from Rapinoe working it up the left sideline before sending in wild crosses towards (but generally not *into*) the box. Hopefully Morgan can come in and help the attack, but she didn't seem full speed in her brief appearance. It's asking a lot of Wambach to score 1-2 goals on her 2-3 opportunities a game.
You could say the same for Wambach. She's 35 and is likely to retire internationally after this.
He has no idea about Mance. As for Renly, he didn't know Mel's plan, but I believe the "dream" was actually his consciousness controlling the shadow. I also take away a lot of the benefit of the doubt when he immediately did it again to kill the Storm's End castellan.
I call bullshit. People bitch about "Your sister" and "Olly bring me my sword" for no good reason. Switch which one was in the books and which was in the show and people would complain just as much. It's dumb in particular because "your sister" is clearer and conveys more information than "only Cat". That could be someone's very first episode and they would perfectly understand "Your sister" which makes it a vastly superior line in getting the point across to the audience.
I don't see how that's possible. Sanchez played better than Foles last year, and certainly better than a 4-12 record. Tebow sure, but that would require both starting QBs to get injured at the beginning of the season. Even then, their overall roster is still very talented. If anyone can win games in the NFL purely by running it would be Chip Kelly with the Eagles OLine, Murray, Mathews, and Tebow.
I will take 12 games if he's healthy for the playoffs!
Well that was almost a miracle/disaster!
So once you play at the senior level you are stuck permanently?
The Others didn't do much reasoning with Waymar Royce or at the Fist of First Men.
Sure, but that's outside the context of Alckie's comment.
Mel: Do you want your camp to burn? Because not burning Shireen is how you get your camp burned!
The thing about heirs is you can always get another. You can even get a new wife! "It's good to be king!" Also, no way Shireen could inherit the throne. That's what the Dance of Dragons was all about in the first place - female passed over to crown a male.
The book made it clear shit was dire for Stannis, and the show took a shortcut to get there. Did you really want half a season of scenes of Davos saying "snow is still bad, food supplies dwindling" before we got to the same place?
&gt; In those 24 hours, over 2000 previously-flairless people flaired up That is really surprising, isn't it? Or maybe that's a tiny fraction of people so it just seems like a big number when it isn't.
Because the source material doesn't have a single shocking death...
From my understanding that's straight from one of Arya'a chapters in TWOW but it's Raff.
&gt; "rape and sexual violence have been a part of every war ever fought, from the ancient Sumerians to our present day. To omit them from a narrative centered on war and power would have been fundamentally false and dishonest, and would have undermined one of the themes of the books" Also how is the mutineer situation any different from the Mountain's army raping its way across the Riverlands? How are all the raped septas advancing the plot? Brienne witnessing the horrors of war is somehow world building and significant in the novels, but purely shock value when it happens on the show? Speaking of Brienne, how is Biter eating part of her face not pure shock value? What was the plot advancement there?
Also, Pate indicates he hasn't met Pate in the prologue, but he's standing in the study when Sam gets there and gets to listen to the story, while Leo Tyrell is forced to stay outside. Normal Pate has no business being there, making me think that Marwyn is working with Jaqen Pate.
Ned didn't know or trust Cat when he returned with Jon, and Jon's heritage was a threat to Jon's life and possibly their family, so he couldn't tell anyone.
I have not seen a good explanation for this yet.
Stannis had the better legal claim. Renly had the better conquest claim (since he had a full fledged army to back him up).
Which would have resulted in a ton of them dying. Queen's men have no problem burning people, and would have defended Stannis and Mel.
What do you mean there was no payoff? We already saw in the preview that the snow melts allowing Stannis to attack Winterfell. It worked perfectly.
We don't know if it's a change or not. And it's fun to talk about either way.
Better a giraffe than Brady's running like Frankenstein's monster!
[Good, not great:](http://www.footballperspective.com/guest-post-brad-oremlands-best-qbs-in-history-49-101/) &gt; Archie was stuck on terrible teams, running for his life. But I’m not convinced he was a great pro quarterback. The argument for Archie is a what-if scenario. His stats are terrible, and they would have been better on a different team, but they’d need to be a lot better to get Arch anywhere near the top 50. He made 2 Pro Bowls, which is good, but not really top-50 all time territory. Every team he played for immediately improved when he left. Manning didn’t actually do enough to rank among the best of all time. There are several Archie Manning-type players, good QBs stuck on bad teams, whom I think have a stronger argument, including Bledsoe, Brunell, Testaverde, Simms.
Right, which is why I don't give much credence to the "Renly was a traitor" debate point. He was, but Renly also had the might so he was 'right'. Renly had little to no proof that Stannis' claims about Joff and co being bastards was true, and Renly had the political savvy/personality to win the support of a large army. Stannis didn't. Everyone here loves to trot out the "power resides only where men believe it resides". Well, people believed that Renly had power, and they didn't think Stannis had it. That's why I don't think Stannis could ever truly win the throne - his whole campaign has been a futile effort. If Stannis truly wanted what was best for the realm, he should have joined his brother and served as Hand. The two of them combined could have overthrown the Lannisters, especially if they joined up with Robb (who was still very much alive at that point). Granted, Renly still wanted Robb to kneel, but was willing to let Robb call himself king while Stannis called Robb a traitor. In such a situation Stannis would be in a perfect situation to help protect the realm, and would have the Starks support against the Others in the north. But for Stannis it isn't enough to save the realm, Stannis also has to get the credit for doing it.
Ah, that makes sense. I thought it was odd he just now decided to get on twitter.
I think she saw it to and showed it to Stannis.
&gt; This is Melisandre in a nutshell. That's not fair. She acts like she has more power than she actually does, but she legimately has power that isn't from people believing in her.
&gt; The show is mainstream, the books are not Seriously. Book readers knew about the Red Wedding enough to *film people's reactions* and it was still 'broke the internet'. For the Watch will be a big deal.
Ah, I see what you mean. In that case Targ marrying Baratheon is the only example I can think of, which happened at least twice, but might not completely count as Targs married a number of great houses.
Well, you called them a liar when nothing they said was untrue. That's not cool. I'd also say you violated redditequette with your title and posting a new thread instead of replying as a comment in the original.
Clearly that's entirely his fault and has nothing to do with the piss poor cap situation the previous GM put them in, resulting in a terrible OLine and overpaid constantly injured RBs. Why don't we judge players based on their own merits, and not things that are largely out of their control?
&gt; maybe people don't like Cam because he's a thief, has a pompous smile/attitude, can't play quarterback One for three ain't bad.
&gt; He married the daughter of the Lord of the Highgarden Because the Tyrells thought he would win. That's the definition of power where people believe it to be. The Tyrells thought Renly was powerful and in doing so made him more powerful.
Damn, I missed the memo that said there is no level between "can't play quarterback" and "he's the best in the league". And what the fuck does his smile have to do with anything?
He could, but the Tyrells support Tommen because of his marriage to Magaery. Breaking that marriage loses their support.
&gt; and his heir would have to be Myrcella, his sister. Women can't inheirit the throne. That's what caused the first Dance of the Dragons. If Tommen dies/abdicates without naming an heir, the throne would go to Stannis if he weren't an enemy of the state.
&gt; So Dragon Glass kills them. How to we get it? Stannis says he has a bunch of it on Dragonstone.
&gt; The result of the Dance was not that women couldn't inherit the throne, just that male relations were always preferred, up to including the whole family. From the wiki: "According to Archmaester Gyldayn, in the eyes of many, the council of 101 AC established an iron precedent on matters of succession: that the Iron Throne could not pass to a woman, or to a male descendant of a woman." The Dance of the Dragons occurred as a *result* of this ruling, because a male heir over a female. It was already established before the Dance.
&gt; Aemon has been at the wall for a very long time And the maester conspiracy is even older. If Marwyn is to be believed the maesters were working towards killing the last of the dragons over 170 years ago!
Dragons continue growing for their entire lives, so there's no such thing as "full grown" beside crossing a vague threshold when they are battle ready. That said, Balerion died of old age around 200 or so, meaning their size has a practical limit, if not a theoretical one.
Like I said, I don't think D&amp;D care if people know or assume Jon is coming back. They've lived through bigger potential spoilers before, they preactively hinted he'll survive, common sense says Jon survives as he's the main character, and it's possible they'll put even more hints as to his survival in the finale.
Indeed, although based on our rough timeline he wasn't yet born, and I assume they don't know the gender until he's born. If Lyanna's baby is a boy, he's the king. If it's a girl, Viserys is king and they should be with him.
Ah yes, because it was the escaped convicted murderer with a motive who needed to defend himself and not the woman lying in a bed surprised by the intruder.
I think "the belief that one is inherently deserving of privileges or special treatment" describes a lot of the hate on this sub. "I read the books, they should represent what *I* want to see, not works best for a TV show! Only Cat forever, damn the confused show watchers!"
Only Cat. Fetch me a block.
If you don't simplify then you can't have a tv show. Also, a nice side effect of simplification is the show is actually going to get to the ending in a reasonable amount of time.
&gt; That would have been annoying as hell. But how else will I remember to wonder where do whores go?
Capons
Newton's not a loser. He's a quarterback. Individual players don't win or lose games.
&gt; I think this is a flaw that can be overlooked. Sure. But if people gave the show that same benefit of the doubt, this sub would be a much happier place.
Hey, Bran survived falling out of a building!
&gt; He hasn't burned to death anyone he wouldn't have killed anyway Not for a lack of trying - Edric Storm was to be burned if not for Davos.
Are you sure about that? I think the complete opposite is true. Everything mentioned comea back.
Just finished watching the replay, I'm glad I'm not the only one (aside from Yedlin) that didn't see a foul there.
Dany could just marry him like she sees in her HOTU vision.
No, they are clearly talking about the northerners. "Where are your people?" "they are shy." "They are hiding under snow!" Robert asks and then answers his own question. Why would a king be hiding?
Who had the stare down with the bad guy? Who is the secret rightful king with the magic sword? Who is leading the only group of people actively fighting the main threat and bringing warring groups together?
Stannis was lucky he had a "assassinate two people for free" card. Otherwise his army would have been steamrolled. Furthermore, killing Renly won the battle and lost the war. It caused the Tyrells to join the Lannisters, leading to Stannis getting crushed at the Blackwater, and allowed The Red Wedding to occur as Walder Frey wouldnt have gone through with it unless he was convinced the Lannisters were on the winning side.
Doesn't matter, a band is still a discrete unit. You can have multiple bands of men ravaging the countryside. What would "less than one band" even mean? A band of 20 or a band of 10 is still a 'whole' band.
&gt; specially when it comes to magic and dragons since maesters don't like those According to Marwyn via Sam, who could be unreliable himself. It's unreliable all the way down.
&gt; Rickon showing up again is only reasonable considering Davos' story is all about finding him now. Only if he's better at finding people than Brienne.
&gt; gratuitous Septon whorehouse scene that could've been used to better explain the Faith Militant's rise They were obviously using that scene to show the power of the Faith Militant and set up Cersei's Walk. That would be a bad scene to cut.
People say this now, but wouldn't they be pissed if the show did this because it's different from the books? In the books attacking the Dreadfort was a trap, and Stannis is on the wrong side of Winterfell to get there anyway. If this happened I see a flood of comments about Stannis's army borrowing LF's teleporter.
They've explicitly stated they can only have time to film 10 episodes a year, and as soon as they finish one season they start the next.
So was Meryn, he enjoyed it when Joff told him to beat Sansa, whereas most of the others went lightly on her. I don't get it - Arya kills a disgusting pedo in the books, so we're upset she's killing a *different* disgusting pedo in the show?
Same as those little straps that connect your hat to your shirt.
&gt; Brady's one of the best of all time at ball placement with his passes Brady has very poor deep ball accuracy for being one of the best QBs in the league.
Also, if you read the article that's the first thing the guy says: &gt; Celebrating a quarterback for not turning the ball over when he is handicapping your offense to do it doesn’t make any sense. Smith was a hinderance to his team in 2014 and he lost more games than he won with his approach.
Why do you trust Marwyn's opinion of the other maesters so much? Shouldn't Aemon have figured it out if it were going on so long, instead of returning to them to tell them about Dany and her dragons?
"Only" a few decades? How dense do you think Aemon would have to be to not figure it out?
It's only a retcon if you've never failed a campaign. Imagine your first ever playthrough was on I/I. Do you think you'd make it to lasers before failing?
&gt; Maester Marwyn is the only Maester who has done any magic in perhaps hundreds of years Not true. Maester Luwin has a Valyrian link.
Why would you throw away something that already exists? He should have just gone with the 5 year gap, but it's too late now.
Yup. He should have stuck to the main story and then gone back and built up the world later. Make it like Ender's Game and then revisit it with Ender's Shadow.
"Why go to the moon?" There's solid reasoning - it makes for a better sequel. And it only seems to be ticking you off.
If that's true, then you are the 1%.
My I/I campaign ended in similar fashion. I had only one healthy soldier left to send on the covert extraction and got the military base with the tanks. I only killed a couple of Exalt because I spent most of my time abusing LOS so they couldn't shoot at me. My covert op dashed and run and gunned to get to the transmitters while my other soldier pulled Exalt away before dashing around corners to avoid return fire. At the end my soldier heroically offered herself as a sacrifice by dashing overwatch to clear the way to the extraction point for my covert op, but she miraculously survived and made it out the following turn. They both got out alive, if not entirely in one piece. Unfortunately, as I said that was the end of that campaign. As evident by having only one healthy soldier, I was losing badly and decided that was as far as I was willing to drag it out when an abduction popped up and once again only one of my soldiers was out of the ER.
SearchAll! "roasted capon"
So I was trying to get context on that meal (as in, did she eat the whole thing or is that what was placed in front of her) and the Searchbot can't find "roasted capon". SearchAll! "roasted capon"
&gt; From a stone tower, a great stone beast took wing, breathing shadow fire I'm pretty convinced it's Marywn at this point. [See my reasoning here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/37kqev/spoilers_all_theory_throwback_thursday/crnqijd) In short: You and the parent comment mixed up the prophecy - it's a *smoking* tower, which could be the burning lighthouse Hightower in Oldtown, and breathing shadow fire could reference Marwyn studying with the shadowbenders and/or that he sacrifices to R'hllor. Plus I don't trust him since there's evidence he is working with Jaqen/Pate and kidnapped Gilly, Mance's baby, and Aemon's body, as Sam left them in the ship Marwyn plans to take to Meereen.
In vision the sword is not flaming. OP got it wrong. &gt; **Glowing** like sunset, a **red** sword was raised in the hand of a blue-eyed king who cast no shadow
If that's the case, what lie does Jon have that Dany must slay? Stannis' is obvious - he's not actually AA - but what is Jon's? It could be that he's not a bastard, or that he's actually a Targ, but I think that's a stretch. Especially since Jon is very clearly the blue flower on the wall of ice later on in the visions.
&gt; The flaming sword Is not part of the vision. OP's wording is wrong. &gt; Glowing like sunset, a red sword was raised in the hand of a blue-eyed king who cast no shadow Combined with the fact that it's in the "slayer of lies" vision, it makes perfect sense that Dany must defeat/reveal Stannis and his glowing sword that he's not AA.
In addition to the other comments about shadows, and my comments about the sword in the vision *glowing*, not flaming ("Glowing like sunset, a red sword was raised in the hand of a blue-eyed king who cast no shadow"), there's one big reason it isn't Jon: **Jon is the blue flower on the wall of ice.** Do we really think Jon's going to be represented twice in the set of visions? Especially since the blue eyed king is in the "slayer of lies" group, and the blue flower is in the "bride of fire" group, which are nearly mutually exclusive.
Aha! That's exactly what I thought. She was *served* a whole capon. I doubt she ate the whole thing, but I'd have to doublecheck.
&gt; Name me any other strategy/tactics game you can just breeze through on medium difficulty while having no idea what you're doing. I would imagine most of them, especially if we're talking non-Iron Man where you can restart your worst missions, just like you do in other games. But that's why there's classic and impossible difficulties. Yeah, the difficulty curve is backwards, but that doesn't mean you can breeze through them.
I have never heard such a thing before. I suspect that's pure conjecture and there is no evidence that's true.
It's convenient if there's a game you want a quick info blurb about.
I have to fundamentally disagree. Freaking everyone has visions. House of the Undying. Ghost of High Heart. Mel has a ton, even if she can't interpret them all. Patchface has his creepy sayings. Morroqo knew about the boat capsizing. Jojen and Bran have visions of the future. Heck, even Theon had his vision about Robb with all of the dead Starks before the Red Wedding. Differently, but all of Old Nan's legends are turning out true. It's more accurate to say if *anyone* has a vision it's real.
&gt; Essentially like a big brother state that sees that the only one to help Men is to control them and save them from themselves. In other words, Gandalf with the One Ring would have invented the 0th Law of Robotics?
Here is the relevant passage: &gt; Burning shafts hissed upward, trailing tongues of fire. Scarecrow brothers tumbled down, black cloaks ablaze. "Snow," an eagle cried, as foemen scuttled up the ice like spiders. Jon was armored in black ice, but his blade burned red in his fist. As the dead men reached the top of the Wall he sent them down to die again. He slew a greybeard and a beardless boy, a giant, a gaunt man with filed teeth, a girl with thick red hair. Too late he recognized Ygritte. She was gone as quick as she’d appeared. The blade appears to be burning before Jon fights anyone, and seems much more like a Azor Ahai reference than anything else.
[That's my quarterback!](http://giant.gfycat.com/InferiorIncredibleFoxterrier.gif)
He's also one of the few that actually says intelligent things about football. Most announcers will say "the wide receiver ran the wrong route" or "there was a miscommunication on the play" but Collinsworth will actually explain "he should have carried the route X yards further upfield/away from the sideline".
&gt; Then so sad at 10pm. For sure. The finale will lead to a long, dark winter before next season starts, but i can't wait to Watch it.
Are you sure you aren't thinking of The Reach, with the rumors about Randyll Tarly and Euron?
Everything I've ever read about Dez says he is an ultra competitor. People make it sound like even if his agent demanded he sit out, and Dez knew it was the best thing to do, he wouldn't be able to resist playing. I have no idea if that's true - it's not like you get an accurate assessment of people from sports reporters and bloggers - but I'm not going to worry about it until at least August.
&gt; though since they've got rid of that goddamn scampering mechanic Don't be so hasty. They are still going to scamper, just not quite the same way as before. It's not 100% clear, but indications are if you are properly concealed they won't scamper on first contact, but after the first shot or action that reveals you. It's also assumed that various abilities or enemies will affect how the mechanic works, such as the Ranger's stealth abilities.
We only beat Spain by 7 in the gold medal game, so yes, there is at least one contender.
They may be popularity contests, but there's a huge correlation between popularity and skill, especially among the skill positions. Overall the All Pro (1st team) and Pro Bowl do a very good job picking the best players. Every year people debate about snubs and come up with 4 or 5 names that were snubbed, which isn't bad out of 50 or so players, especially when no one can agree on who should *not* have gotten it.
If France didn't blow every pass in the final 3rd they'd have scored 3+ goals.
I haven't been impressed with her at all so far. Offside because she was lazy to get caught, couldn't box out for the corner kick, bad cross after she went end line with a nice move, and seems to lose the ball easily. Edit: nearly had to eat my words! Nice shot off the upper 90.
Not that flair is a reliable indicator. I'm not from Chelsea.
I would happily take 30 seconds of lost play over letting someone get away with a handball like that. If it were debatable or accidental let it go, but that is as intentional as it gets. Should be a straight red.
She was the last defender in the box. If that's not a straight red then nothing short of Suarez is.
True. There were also like 3-4 players between her and the ball.
Hey, if they are bothering to jam you then someone else is open!
Jaime wouldn't necessarily know it's poison. But there's always time to turn around next season.
Only because he's likely to be in more than a few scenes and they talk about how already cramped the shooting is.
Willing to see how far someone would go to meet their goals/fulfill their destiny. It's a tragic story because it wasn't their destiny. Also Stannis ain't dead yet so we'll see how they use this to motivate his character next year.
He didn't order it directly, but I interpret his dream as he was in control of the shadow baby's actions and killed Renly directly, and so does Brienne. Hence Stannis' comments about waking up feeling guilty but with clean hands - he knows he did it even if he doesn't understand how. And if he was too disturbed by what he had done, why does he immediately do it again with Storm's End castellan? &gt; Stannis: I know the cost! Last night, gazing into that hearth, I saw things in the flames as well. I saw a king, a crown of fire on his brows, burning ... burning, Davos. His own crown consumed his flesh and turned him into ash. Do you think I need Melisandre to tell me what that means? Or you? Stannis has a vision of a king being consumed by his own crown. Stannis is doomed to fail, his efforts will cost him everything, and he knows it.
It also provides an opportunity for Stannis to redeem himself, which is where I think the show will take him. Stannis has lost everything trying to take the throne, perfectly positioning him him for a redemption arc. And/or it makes his character more interesting to watch him suffer for his actions than to die immediately. I also think this is his path in the books. Stannis is ultimately doomed, and he knows it. The question is will it kill him, or will he have a similar revival in the books? &gt; I know the cost! Last night, gazing into that hearth, I saw things in the flames as well. I saw a king, a crown of fire on his brows, burning ... burning, Davos. His own crown consumed his flesh and turned him into ash. Do you think I need Melisandre to tell me what that means? Or you?
Show yes, book no. In the book he only burns some criminals (rapists, maybe cannibals) to get good winds when sailing north.
&gt; a vile act like murdering an innocent would only seem to happen if it was a choice in Stannis' mind of sacrificing an innocent to the flames or letting the world die. But wasn't that exactly the choice D&amp;D set him up with? How many times did Stannis say retreating was failure and thus not an option? His army was starving to death, same as in the books (albeit different means), and the alternative was to fail and lose the realm.
I would have hated Stannis from Day 1 if I knew he was eventually going to burn his daughter. Regardless of if Stannis does it in the books or not (of which we can't be certain either way), D&amp;D knew he would do so in the show which drastically alters the view of his character. He was already morally grey, and burning Shireen pushes him over the edge.
When you're down 170 to 10, the score isn't going to get any closer. Assuming the 1:17 ratio of goals scored is their true, long-term average, Bulgaria has a 0.3% chance of scoring twice in a row and allowing Krum to win the game. Otherwise the score will only get worse, and in the meantime there's a chance the other Seeker catches the Snitch and Bulgaria loses by 200 points. Krum was trying to stop the bleeding.
&gt; There is no game in existence where a 15 goal difference is so commonplace Except for one of the sports most similar to quidditch: Basketball. 15 goals = 30 points in basketball, which seems like a lot until you remember basketball games only last 48 minutes. If basketball was untimed like quidditch, the scoring margin would quite often exceed 30 points. Over the last 5 years 3.2% of NBA games had final margins of 30+ points in only 48 minutes of play. That would only go up the longer games lasted and if teams didn't coast and played hard the whole time knowing their opponent could get a 30 point boost at any time. In the Olympics, one of the closest parallels to the Quidditch World Cup, there were [quite a few 30 point wins](http://www.flashscore.com/basketball/world/olympic-games/results/) or close to it. The US beat Argentina by 26 in the semifinals - it's not hard to imagine the margin getting to 40+ points and the Argentinian "seeker" ending the game there.
I think your opinion is heavily altered by negative interpretations of what D&amp;D said offscreen.
&gt; Literally the only thing that happened is Myrcella died. Litearally the only thing that happened to Stannis is he and his entire army died. That could have been accomplished in a 2 minute attack midseason and spend the rest of the time developing [preferred character here].
Not a very good one. 1. Basketball players can shoot halfcourt shots at any time, while Seekers are limited to catching the Snitch only once they see it. There's no guarantee they'll find it when it's advantageous to catch it. 2. Seekers are Chasers are independent, while your analog groups them together. Assuming the score is close, there's no downside for a Seeker to make a move on the Snitch, while a basketball player sacrifices a possession to shoot a half court shot. 3. Seekers are severely limited in their ability to stop the other Seeker, which isn't true for basketball players. If you are intentionally stalling to wait for the score to get close and the other Seeker sees the Snitch it's essentially game over no matter what, aside from a particularly quick and lucky Beater strike. People hate the idea of quidditch because Seekers can theoretically win the game single handedly, but the same could be true for baseball - any pitcher can theoretically shut out the opposing team on their own, but no one is that good. I'd assume quidditch is the same way, where pitchers *can* dominate a game and might here and there, but overall they are only a part of the team, albeit a major one.
1. Then how is it "purely for shock value" if it came naturally from the plot? 2. So people are only upset because it happened to Sansa? How is that D&amp;D's fault? 3. She was beaten, which is hardly anything compared to what Tyrion, Arya, Robb, Catelyn, Jaime, etc. have gone through. Nearly everyone has seen someone close to them die *plus* some horrible rape, disfiguration, or death. 4. Their point was also to have Sansa prominently involved in the show. Do you really think having her chill in the Vale is better? 5. How much resistance LF faces is irrelevant. The point is the show simply accelerated LF's plan instead of having him waste time in the Vale.
IIRC she poured something on the clams the first time she saw him, so it wouldn't have been noticable to pour the poison the second time.
My assualt missed a 95% shot followed by my sniper missing a 97% shot on a 1 HP Exalt standing in the encoder zone with a flanking shot on half my squad. I was flabbergasted. I had to
Rule of thumb: Only buy an early access game if you are willing to pay the price for the product as it currently exists. Follow that rule and you'll only be happily surprised. AFAIK no early access game has ever gotten *worse*.
I disagree. Look at Theon.
&gt; "blue eyed king standing atop the wall and knocking back the Others" prophecy. I think you are mixing prophecies. There's Dany's House of the Undying vision where she sees a 'blue eyed king who casts no shadow holding a sword glowing and gleaming like the sun' and she has to slay their lie, and then there's Jon's dream where he is on the wall armored in black ice wielding a flaming sword where he slays a bunch of wights including Ygritte.
He's been borderline for a while, and it wouldn't surprise me if he crosses that line. Stannis is all too eager to listen to the Red Woman and his good actions are only because he has white angel Davos sitting on his other shoulder telling him what to do.
Good question. Stannis doesn't trust Littlefinger, and that's about all I know. It's too open ended to go much further down that road without entering pure speculation.
FYI, when Jaime and Cersei have sex right before pushing Bran out the window she does the same "no, no, no, yes" routine.
And here I always thought Zorn's [revolutionary use of a slip'n'slide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfGZsPLDkY8) was genius!
My guess is the people who play impossible aren't the type of people who repeatedly reload saves. If you're going to do that, why not save yourself the trouble and play on an easier difficulty?
Skill or tedious counting? And I suspect that the soldiers will patrol enough that one of the first rules of XCOM2 will be "don't trust the reveal tiles".
Yeah, I hate how they never resolved what happened to Benjen.
When did we start talking about Harry Potter and Luke Skywalker?
Maybe it's because Dorne has a big role to play in the end and LSH doesn't.
Why bother? The cover was facing the wrong way, and she wasn't going to stay there. She only went there to drop the bomb.
That was specifically asked, and the dev said "maybe". Which means yes.
Both. It's called synergy. Murray is an all-around great back with two handicaps - he has been injured frequently and doesn't have the top end speed necessary to break big runs. [He had one 90 yard TD his rookie season and nothing over 50 since](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/play-index/play_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;match=summary_all&amp;search=&amp;player_id=MurrDe00&amp;year_min=2011&amp;year_max=2014&amp;team_id=&amp;opp_id=&amp;game_type=R&amp;playoff_round=&amp;game_num_min=0&amp;game_num_max=99&amp;week_num_min=0&amp;week_num_max=99&amp;quarter=1&amp;quarter=2&amp;quarter=3&amp;quarter=4&amp;quarter=5&amp;tr_gtlt=lt&amp;minutes=15&amp;seconds=00&amp;down=0&amp;down=1&amp;down=2&amp;down=3&amp;down=4&amp;yds_to_go_min=&amp;yds_to_go_max=&amp;yg_gtlt=gt&amp;yards=&amp;is_first_down=-1&amp;field_pos_min_field=team&amp;field_pos_min=&amp;field_pos_max_field=team&amp;field_pos_max=&amp;end_field_pos_min_field=team&amp;end_field_pos_min=&amp;end_field_pos_max_field=team&amp;end_field_pos_max=&amp;type=PASS&amp;type=RUSH&amp;is_complete=-1&amp;is_turnover=-1&amp;turnover_type=interception&amp;turnover_type=fumble&amp;is_scoring=-1&amp;score_type=touchdown&amp;score_type=field_goal&amp;score_type=safety&amp;is_sack=-1&amp;include_kneels=-1&amp;no_play=0&amp;game_day_of_week=&amp;game_location=&amp;game_result=&amp;margin_min=&amp;margin_max=&amp;order_by=yards&amp;rush_direction=LE&amp;rush_direction=LT&amp;rush_direction=LG&amp;rush_direction=M&amp;rush_direction=RG&amp;rush_direction=RT&amp;rush_direction=RE&amp;pass_location=SL&amp;pass_location=SM&amp;pass_location=SR&amp;pass_location=DL&amp;pass_location=DM&amp;pass_location=DR), and is regularly caught from behind. But if that's the worst thing about Murray he's still a great runningback. I'd much rather have a back with great vision, hands, and blocking that is repeatedly caught from behind on 40+ yard runs than a mediocre runner who has a bunch of 2-3 yard carries but breaks the occassional 70+ yard TD.
Aside from his dad saying he had to take the black or he would suffer an 'unfortunate hunting accident'? All the shit he went through as an "unworthy" child certainly qualifies as emotional torture, and there was probably some physical in there as well trying to "toughen" him up.
Yeah, but if you don't use a famous example no one knows who you're talking about. "Remember that one guy who finished 3rd in a major 4 years ago, who never finished higher than 20th in any other major? Manziel is just like that guy."
Defensive ranking by points is one of the worst ways to judge a defense. Things an offense can do to limit the points allowed: - Possess the ball for long periods of time. - Put the opposing team in bad field position with deep/scoring drives. - Don't turn the ball over. - Get ahead, forcing the opposing team into predictable, one dimensional passing comebacks. Unsurprisingly, all things Peyton Manning offenses were good at. It's also how the Pats covered up their weak defense for the 2010-2013 era.
The easier to control with your Specialist.
Three teams give up 50 yard drives. Is it the defense's fault if one started on the 50, one on the offense's 30, and one on the offense's 10 yardline? Despite equivalent efforts by the defenses, field position makes a big difference in points scored. If the defense has no control over the starting field position, why punish them for it?
And a terrible season by a team does nothing essentially nothing to the salaries paid to the players.
They drop their laser weapons anyway as long as you don't blow them up. But you can get alien grenades that way.
When Harry used the stone his friends and family said the others wouldn't see them, so while Voldemort could technically return I don't think he would be able to have any impact on the world outside influencing the person who brought him back.
From the characters perspective, Others are a myth that haven't been around for at least 8,000 years. Dragons are very much real as they only died out a few generations ago and the existence of dragon skulls and eggs are common knowledge.
Bloodraven tells Bran at first he can only see through weirwoods, but soon his power will go beyond that.
Which for all we know could be very relevant.
More specifically, the Children of the Forest said he died long ago. And long ago to a COTF is probably a *really* long time ago.
I have a rather basic question: how the heck would Mance, Ygritte, Tormund, or anyone else know if a horn was *the* Horn of Joramun? They are looking for it, and found a bunch of horns that aren't it, but how would they know if they found it? We never see any descriptions of it. Also, if the horn Sam has is the one, and it's going to go off at some point, it's pretty convenient Jon didn't blow up the Wall 3 books ago: "On closer examination the horn had proved cracked, and even after he had cleaned all the dirt out, Jon had been unable to get any sound from it." Talk about plot armor...
I really like this one, although I wish they had spent a few more seconds on the building screen. Putting together your own designs is half the fun.
&gt; I could see Ned siding with the Targaryens. They only killed his dad and brother, no big.
But they pop up in every comment chain.
All that would do is replace Robb with Jon as one of the 5 kings. The Lannisters would deny the bastardy of Joff, Stannis would be the rightful king under the Baratheon line, Renly would still declare himself king anyway, and Balon would still do his thing. Maybe Dorne supports Jon, but they won't actually do anything. Jon also can't count on the Riverlands, because he's not the son of a Tully like Robb. The Vale also won't help because Lysa is crazy. That puts them in a *worse* position.
??? You don't think Ned knows who Jon's dad is? If he doesn't, what's the point of hiding Jon's parentage?
There's a very good chance Jon is legitimate. The Isle of Faces exists for a reason.
Right. I don't necessarily think they had any *ambitions*, but they wanted to secure their positions should shit go down. And it did.
So you think the Kingsguard was chilling with Rhaegar's illegitimate child instead of protecting the King, the prince, or the next in line (Viserys)? And that they fought to the death for a bastard and not Viserys, who was then the rightful King?
There are a set of 9 visions broken up into 3 groups. The last group has Khal Drogo, presumably Victarion, and Jon and is labeled "bride of fire".
&gt; Renly &amp; Robb ... Could have been a decent King. *Dead.* And whose fault is it that the better options are dead? Stannis killed Renly personally and indirectly made Robb's death possible. Stannis was legally justified in killing Renly, but it doesn't mean it was the *moral* or *best* thing to do, and it strengthened the Lannisters with the Tyrells, which is what emboldened the Freys/Boltons to betray Robb. I think Renly or Robb would have been an excellent king with the right Hand. Renly needed someone to handle the day to day issues, but would be flexible and personable enough to be very popular with commoners and lords alike. Robb needed an experienced Hand to help provide council, but in many ways is the ideal young candidate. If Stannis truly wanted what was best for the realm and not what was "right" or "his", he would have been an excellent hand for both and everyone better off if he had allied with either or both. Note that Stannis called Robb a traitor, while Renly didn't care if Robb called himself king as long as he kneeled. I think that's a good representation of how the two would rule, and Renly's method would be much more successful.
&gt; He pardoned the bannermen who joined Renly's cause Only because he desperately needed them. You only need to look at Davos' fingers to see how he normally handles forgiveness.
You can argue semantics over if it's possible to rape prostitutes or slaves. However, twice Tyrion intentionally scares and threatens women who are there to sleep with him until they are afraid of him. And he does it for no good reason, only because of his insecurity at his own attractiveness. He assumes they are repulsed by him, so he acts as horribly as possible to ensure they are.
Stannis only ignores the War of Five Kings once he is nearly ruined on the Blackwater. And even then as soon as he defeats Mance he starts working on winning the throne again.
You've ruled him out for no reason. His claim could easily be stronger than Dany's.
And Brienne yelling sword. And Tyrion drowning. And Davos drowning. And Jon dying. And Bran and Rickon dying.
Don't forget Sansa is still running around and everyone knows is alive. It could easily be her too.
&gt; I do admit he's more driven by ambition than duty, though And that's why I don't like him. He *says* he does it because it's his duty, but he *acts* out of ambition and jealousy. Davos is the only one that keeps him acting morally.
They already have paid accounts to avoid ads. I know I paid, way worth it.
Speaking of which, why does FO apparently have play by play data into the 80s but you only have it to 98? Are they charting all the game themselves, or do they have a different source and if so why aren't yall using it? Not complaining as much as I've always wondered why the discrepancy.
Could you not just weight advanced stats by number of pass attempt each season? Maybe that wouldn't be the most accurate method,but it should be close.
&gt; Another example of the show's lazy writing. Go jump into 40 feet of fresh powder like Jeyne and Theon did and see how impossible it is to move around. They'd drown before they got out, especially with the injuries they sustained in the fall. If you've ever been skiing you know it's hard to move in a couple feet of powder, much less plunging feet first into it from 80' or however tall Winterfell's walls are.
I mean, it works if done properly. But it has a high user error rate.
Looks like you have to be a student? No. But my uncle works for Microsoft, I can probably get a license through him for cheap.
Not a student but I might be able to get windows cheaper through a relative. Motherboard and PSU are the two things I'm least confident in choosing, so thanks for that suggestion. I'm overwhelmed by the options.
I'll ask to ask, I honestly forgot until your post. The guy above has a link for the license at $60, so it'll be $60 or less. I'm not super strict on $700 if it's worth it.
I would argue they played differently because Messi's position put him in a very advantageous spot when the ball was played past. He didn't interfere with the pass, but he immediately benefited from his original offside position.
Germany looks like a powerhouse.
Hence "your sister" was clearly the correct choice.
It's a question of spirit of the rules versus letter of the rules.
Probably Cameroon?
Also "For the Watch" and it being committed by a number of Night's Watch people who were upset with Jon's decisions. Basically every important aspect was the same, even if the details were different.
Fewer. - Stannis
He's kind of a big deal.
I agree it doesn't sound like XCOM will build MECs, but I expect we'll be able to hack the ones we see in battle.
I would say the latter.
Are you sure Wilson's trade value is worth more than 2 firsts *and* a giant contract? I'm not 100% positive. The Rams got three 1sts and a 2nd for a player assumed to be a long term franchise QB on a cheap contract, and [some people](http://thebiglead.com/2012/03/10/congratulations-robert-griffin-iii-youre-about-to-be-drafted-by-an-idiotic-washington-organization/) even at the time said [that was too much](http://thebiglead.com/2012/03/10/the-trade-for-robert-griffin-iii-dwarfs-every-other-trade-to-get-a-quarterback-at-the-top-of-the-draft/). Those articles state Griffin would have to be a borderline HOF QB to break even, which is essentially what Wilson is, so my guess is that's a break even trade at best, and could be disastrous if Wilson gets hurt or the team around him crumbles with less talent coming in.
&gt; is planning her escape with him before the wedding Does she contibute at all towards the planning? Or does she just check up to see if Dontos is still doing all of the work?
As much as people like to say vets with a few years experience are proven assets that's not accurate. Wilson definitely regressed last season as his downfield passing suffered. And there are plenty of examples of young players, specifically QBs, that started off like Wilson and never were the same. Look at Cutler. He was a solidly above average QB his first three years, making a Pro Bowl, and has never been that good again. Griffin is a perfect example of someone who started off lights out but now he has no value. Want more? Warner won 2 MVPs before completely collapsing for a large stretch of his career. Daunte Culpepper had a good young career and an MVP caliber season in 2004 before declining into a below average player. Drew Bledsoe made 3 Pro Bowls by age 25 and one over the following decade. Randall Cunningham had a similar story to Culpepper, ruined by injuries after age 27. So while I expect Wilson to be one of the best QBs in the league going forward, there's no guarantee of it. And any team that signs him and gives up 2 firsts will sacrifice their main pipeline for new talent since signing free agents will be difficult with Wilson's cap hit.
[Get fucked, get absolutely fucked!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=LWG6X5jxPuU) They're 'Stralin and they're proud!
Sure. But I'd rather have Seahawks + Graham - Unger and a 1st than Pats - Brady for 4 games - Revis + Fletcher.
That was a beautiful goal.
All Pro 3 years mean they have a good shot at winning at least one MVP. If they do that they'll be in. They'd basically be Dan Fouts or Dan Marino at that point. Heck, Fouts didn't even *play* in a SB but still made the HOF. Side fact: Only 5 QBs have made 3 All Pros since the merger: Peyton (7x), Favre, Marino, Young, Montana.
By law, yes.
If Romo threw two second half interceptions to blow a 14 point lead he'd be eviscerated, so I'm going to say January for Flacco.
She got hit in the back of the head after that too. Not a fun day of soccer for her.
Yes it is, because there is no evidence players play differently in the playoffs from the regular season.
You're not understanding. Flacco plays 16 games a regular season, and 2-3 in the playoffs. If you want to project how Flacco's going to play in the playoffs in the future the 16 games are much more significant than 2-3 games because the sample size is so much larger. Early in Flacco's career he was terrible in the playoffs. Recently he's been amazing. If past playoff performance predicted future performance, then Flacco's early career playoff struggles would say he never would be good. Obviously that isn't the case. Why? Because 5 games isn't a big enough sample size.
&gt; QB: Passer rating An awful stat to choose. Passer rating doesn't know what a sack or a fumble is, and the weights on comp%, YPA, int%, and td% are poorly balanced. It also has arbitrary caps and is based off of league average stats from 1970. ANY/A would be a much better choice, or just NY/A.
[QBR is actually a very good stat](http://www.footballperspective.com/is-espns-qbr-the-best-measure-of-quarterback-play/). It's disappointing we can't see the exact formula, but it is the best predictor of future success and it autocorrelates well, which are the two most important ways to judge a stat. Also you can see in the footnotes of that post that ESPN nearly entirely removed the clutch factor they originally used.
Yards per target is just as bad. Getting a target is a good thing, and you never want a good indicator in the denominator. Yards per route run is excellent though.
Yards per touch is just a list of receiving backs whose touches are mostly receptions. Not very useful for ranking backs.
&gt; They literally took passer rating, added some random ass constants That's where you are wrong. Passer rating is arbitrary, 20 yards for a TD is based on the [actual value of a TD](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/blog/?p=633) converted into yards. Same for -45 yards for an interception. Expected Points Added (EPA) is an even more accurate conversion of everything into points (yards, TDs, first downs, interceptions, etc) but it is much more complicated to calculate and requires the full play by play since a 5 yard pass at midfield is less valuable than a 5 yard pass inside the 10 yard line. So for casual purposes ANYA is a good improvement over passer rating. Also it has sacks, which by itself is enough to make passer rating obsolete.
But the show's foreshadowing is obvious if you know what to look for so I doubt [opens link] .... oh.
&gt; almost the end of Act 2 and it's a 3 act story But that's the problem. It took 3 books for Act I. It took 2+ books for Act 2. What makes you think Act 3 can finish in less than two books? Roughly speaking, GOT, ACOK, and SOS were supposed to be Book 1, and AFFC/ADWD covered most of the 5 year time gap. There were originally two more books to go after that! Sure, some of the final two book material was covered in AFFC/ADWD, but unless the dragons defeat the Others almost immediately once they finally meet we still have a ways to go.
Also the Kingsguard being at the Tower with Lyanna and not any of the royalty. The last place the Kingsguard should have been was fighting to the death in Dorne over a northern noblewoman. That they weren't with any of Aerys, Rhaegar, Viserys, or Robert is completely unreasonable.... unless for something like R+L.
I view AA and TPTWP as different people. Dany = TPTWP, Jon = AA, Bran = Last Hero
&gt; nobody is using that to try to procure the three most valuable assets in the world as far as we know? We do, his name is [Marwyn](http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/37kqev/spoilers_all_theory_throwback_thursday/crnqijd).
Prophecy? You mean the theory that's been consistently correct? Red wedding, dragons out of stone, Renly's host defeating Stannis at the Blackwater, knives around Jon, Jojen and the Three Eyed Crow, House of the Undying visions, etc etc etc.
I had a similar situation on that map, except I had an activated cyberdisc that hung out in the middle of the map and refused to engage me. Which is fair, because I also refused to engage it. We danced around each other while I picked off a few lids, floaters, and zombies while the cyberdisc picked off two of my troops (tried sneaking a guy onto the upper level and next turn 1HKO, and a second was grenaded while hunkered). Eventually he wandered into rocket and HEAT range, but by that point only 4 civs made it out.
&gt; to show how much more complex it is than the TV show complexity =/= better
&gt; instead, debate my opinion by providing a counterargument! I'd be happy to. And maybe you are the exception. But even most of the "good" critiques of the show simply list things that person didn't like. No one bothers to look at the show from a show-watcher's perspective (probably 90% of the viewing audience), or seriously studies the character motivations in the show (only how it compares to what the OP thought from the books), and no one gives credit that D&amp;D know more about the rest of the series and therefore might tailor current events to set up future events. Criticisms of the show generally fall into a few categories: - Circlejerk: "Olly, bring me your sister" "Shock value!" "Borrow LF's teleporter" "Sansa needs 20 good men to find her agency" - Cuts: "No LSH!" "No Manderly!" "No Greyjoys!" "No Blackfish" - Differences: "Fuck D&amp;D because Stannis lost/Shireen burned/Barristan died and that didn't happen in the books" (yet, I would add) What all those lack is any sort of analysis. Just once I'd like to see someone review Stannis's actions as he is presented in the show and see if getting to the point of burning Shireen is reasonable for a desperate man with questionable past moral actions and seemingly no other choices. I'd like to see people who complain about cuts consider the limitations of time and budget, and remember that a significant portion of the audience can barely remember who is who, much less complicated and conflicting character motivations. And in the end, there's not much value to be gained. People have already made up their minds. Scientists have proven that arguing a point only makes people *more* convinced of their initial viewpoint.
It was taken out for no good reason. The US had been dominanting it (particularly softball), but baseball and softball have and continue to be growing in popularity around the world and overall competition is increasing.
I don't see how my post choked off discussion. I stated my problems with most of the criticism I see, and suggested things I'd like people to be talking about instead.
True. It's been a rule since 1978 but was emphasized in 1994, 2004, and last year.
&gt; He went Undrafted, and was signed by the Packers, but got cut Because they had Favre, Brunell, Heisman winner Ty Detmer, and a guy from Northern Iowa they really liked but didn't think he was ready yet.
Correct. But plenty of other things do discredit R+L=D.
[R9 380](http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/gaming-graphics-card-review,3107-7.html)
There is. It's called XCOM2.
As a follow-up, make sure you build your uplinks together so you get the adjacent +1 bonus. You should be able to get 3 satellites up a month, which will take care of panic if you succeed at the tactical game. As the above post said, pick abductions that only raise panic where you want it. Sometimes it's to minimize panic increase, other times it's to intentionally increase panic where you already plan to put a satellite for continent or cash bonus and keep it down elsewhere. Picking engineer rewards can save you a lot of money by avoiding building workshops, as each uplink requires more engineers than the last. Starting in Europe helps here too as it reduces the cost of workshops. You have to mix cost and benefit to decide which abduction is best. There's also no need to put up satellites before the last day of the month, so you can save them to see what country really needs it. Sometimes you'll get lucky and an abduction or even terror mission pops up in a good spot, so you can save the satellite for a continent bonus.
Your assaults should be doing *tons* of damage. Run &amp; gun should put them in close flanking positions and then you rapid fire an opponent for a high chance at two critical hits. I would also say that I significantly changed which perks I selected after my first game specifically to help combat the much tougher late game aliens, but that comes with experience. Increasing defense on the assaults and bulletstorm for the heavies seemed like a good idea until you realize assaults have a ton of health and you *want* aliens to target them over your other troops, and two shoots from a heavy doesn't help if they both miss, when holo targeting would make sure that sniper shot hits.
Ah, the Community ending.
Mariota and Winston project way better than Carr right now. He was *not* good last season.
Or a typical Blitz game.
One of the easiest SOS ever.
Sure. But 5 QBs are very likely to retire long before Wilson stops playing, and he's young enough he could still get better.
If you get Fox Soccer 2 Go it's a different announcer. Way better.
Christen Press.
He's [been better](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/play-index/psl_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;match=combined&amp;year_min=2012&amp;year_max=2015&amp;season_start=1&amp;season_end=-1&amp;age_min=0&amp;age_max=99&amp;league_id=&amp;team_id=&amp;is_active=&amp;is_hof=&amp;pos_is_qb=Y&amp;pos_is_rb=Y&amp;pos_is_wr=Y&amp;pos_is_te=Y&amp;pos_is_e=Y&amp;pos_is_t=Y&amp;pos_is_g=Y&amp;pos_is_c=Y&amp;pos_is_ol=Y&amp;pos_is_dt=Y&amp;pos_is_de=Y&amp;pos_is_dl=Y&amp;pos_is_ilb=Y&amp;pos_is_olb=Y&amp;pos_is_lb=Y&amp;pos_is_cb=Y&amp;pos_is_s=Y&amp;pos_is_db=Y&amp;pos_is_k=Y&amp;pos_is_p=Y&amp;c1stat=pass_att&amp;c1comp=gt&amp;c1val=400&amp;c2stat=&amp;c2comp=gt&amp;c2val=&amp;c3stat=&amp;c3comp=gt&amp;c3val=&amp;c4stat=&amp;c4comp=gt&amp;c4val=&amp;c5comp=&amp;c5gtlt=lt&amp;c6mult=1.0&amp;c6comp=&amp;order_by=pass_adj_net_yds_per_att&amp;draft=0&amp;draft_year_min=1936&amp;draft_year_max=2015&amp;type=&amp;draft_round_min=0&amp;draft_round_max=99&amp;draft_slot_min=1&amp;draft_slot_max=500&amp;draft_pick_in_round=0&amp;draft_league_id=&amp;draft_team_id=&amp;college_id=all&amp;conference=any&amp;draft_pos_is_qb=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_rb=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_wr=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_te=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_e=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_t=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_g=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_c=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_ol=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_dt=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_de=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_dl=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_ilb=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_olb=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_lb=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_cb=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_s=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_db=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_k=Y&amp;draft_pos_is_p=Y) than you give him credit.
I can't believe people like Sansa so much. She's hardly done anything.
He carries a grenade launcher, as can be seen in the [announcement trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2E_-2wIJIzQ&amp;t=1m44s).
&gt; has become much wiser and much better at "playing the game" by the end of ADWD What has she done to demonstrate this prowess? Convincing Sweet Robin to go down the Vale and lie about Lysa's death? Anything else?
&gt; I think ashara took dany to the east. What happened to ashara? She went to asshai and becomes quaithe. Except that doesn't fit at all with what we know about Dany's backstory - that she was born on Dragonstone and Rhaella died during childbirth, and Willem Darry smuggled Dany and Viserys to Essos and lived with them there for years. How do you reconcile your theories with those facts? Because Viserys was damn convinced Dany was his sister and responsible for their mother's death. Also, if Jon is the son of Brandon and Ashara, why would Ned lie about Jon as being his? That caused no end of grief in his relationship with Cat. If this were the case Ned could simply say Jon was a bastard of Brandon, and he's keeping them in their household out of respect for his brother's memory. Problem solved and a whole lot of pathos avoided. &gt; Also in danys dreams she becomes rhaegar and sees a blue winter rose in a chain of ice. ??? Are you thinking of "A blue flower grew from a chink in a wall of ice, and filled the air with sweetness"? That's from Dany's HOTU visions and is immediately followed by "mother of dragons, bride of fire" clearly indicating her future marriage to Jon (in addition to her past marriage with Drogo and upcoming marriage with presumably Victarion when you look at the whole vision sequence).
All true. Now make a list of what's happened to Bran, Arya, Brienne, Davos, Tyrion, the Hound, Robb, Catelyn, etc etc. &gt; her father has been killed, her eldest brother has been killed, her mother has been killed, and she's to believe that her brothers are also dead True for every Stark, except Rickon and Bran know each other are alive. &gt; She was regularly stripped and beaten by her prospective husband A lot better than being dead like Ned, Robb, Catelyn, and Jon; thrown from a tower and crippled like Bran; or all of the horrible things Arya went through in the Riverlands. &gt; surrounded by people she couldn't trust That sound you hear is Robb and Jon playing the world's tiniest violin. &gt; was believed to have committed a murder she had nothing to do with, and was forced to marry someone against her will. That someone was extremely respectful to her and the murder charge resulted in her being rescued and fleeing her oppressors. I'm not even sure those count as negatives.
When you really step back and look at it, English has no rules. *Language* has no rules. It's whatever is the common practice at the time, which is constantly changing. Honestly, as long as people understand your meaning you can do whatever you want. You don't want to abuse it (mixing up you're and your is just irritating), but it's particularly acceptable when you are compensating for a gap in the language, such as substituting "they" because there is no neutral gender, singular pronoun in English.
Rhaegar died. Just like the two others in that set of visions - Viserys and Rhaego.
Man, /r/ASOIAF really loves the Starks and hates the Boltons and Freys. I feel like there's a connection there, but I can't quite put my finger on it...
Basically because you should tailor your strategy around never getting shot at. You should try to kill all aliens the turn you reveal them, and if you can't then impair those left with flashbangs, etc. lasers will help you kill aliens faster, while armor only helps when your guys get hit, which should be rarely.
Just an automatic landed supply barge in September with at least one sectopod. Everything else varies based on difficulty and your progress.
&gt; We dick ride Schefter and he rode that bullshit Dez Bryant video hype for attention No he didn't. Schefter avoided reporting on the story and only discussed it after he was explicitly asked. Even then he only acknowledged that he had heard of a rumor, but said there was no story and refused to speculate what was on the video. It was as professional as he could possibly be.
It wasn't a bear hand, nor was it a bare hand. You even said he's wearing full plate which includes Vic's lobstered steel gauntlets. &gt; The stripling had been stronger than he looked; his blade bit through the lobstered steel of the captain's (Victarion's) gauntlet and the padded glove beneath into the meat of his palm.
Team success is passing stats plus a bunch of other things the QB has no control over. Why would you muddle the analysis by including things the QB cannot affect?
&gt; Watching soccer feels like watching a bunch of lanky track athletes run around a field for three hours. Your loss. And games are only 1.5 hours, not 3 hours. I'll never get how people on this sub go crazy over everything that happens presnap because "it's *so* important" but call it boring when soccer players are actually moving, running, and passing while building up an attack. Somehow everyone standing around and one guy yelling is significant while actually playing a sport is boring.
I gave up on council missions until I have carapace armor. It's just not worth it otherwise.
I think UFO crashes have fewer pods and it's easy to predict where the Outsider will be, so they are generally safer and easier missions than abductions.
Not OP but I have the same issue. I don't have an 8GB flash drive or DVD drive, but I have an 50GB hard drive from my old laptop that's now external. I suspect that should work, but I'm not exactly sure how. Can I do the ISO install off the hard drive's USB connection, or should I install it directly? Actually, for that matter it should still have its old OS on it (probably XP). Should I boot up XP and then install the new OS onto my SSD?
Good question.
Nope! I beat the game on Normal and had a few tries at Classic and Impossible before settling into this Classic campaign that's going well. I'm almost wondering if I can win the game before the base defense. It's probably not possible because of scripted events and research limitations, but at this point I'm not even worried about it as long as I remember to gear my best soldiers up (~11 majors and colonels).
Pretty lucky they used that one piece then, eh?
I feel like there's a rather large leap from understanding the variations of "I am Groot" to understanding the biology of a sentient tree, but that's a good enough answer for me.
Damn, I didn't think Kuechly was that old, because [Herschel Walker looks like a tank](http://www.bjpenn.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/herschel-walker-mma.jpg). A big, muscular tank.
I mean, even if Stannis had taken King's Landing I don't see how he wins. Give him a full day even and he gets inside and has time to shore up defenses, he couldn't withstand the combined forces of Tywin and Tyrell. At best I see it as lose-lose. He can try to ransom or kill the royal family, but I don't see any way Tywin lets Stannis leave KL alive.
&gt; Stannis is capable of inspiring loyalty (Davos) Davos is really the only one. Half of his forces are only loyal to Mel, and 10,000 men turned on him when they saw "Renly" and the Tyrells.
Penrose holds a strong moral position - Renly was his lord and he served him faithfully. The others *are* turncloaks, abandoning their sworn lord in favor of his murderer.
Honestly, I've always thought it made more sense for Mel to go with Stannis. She thinks he's AA, that's where she should be!
Stannis is absolutely fucked in the books, we just don't know *when* he's going to get fucked.
We know for a fact that isn't the case. She remarks how frustrated she is that she cannot see Stannis in her flames, hence "I pray for a glimpse of Azor Ahai, and R’hllor shows me only Snow."
Stannis wasn't isolated from the Stormlords, they weren't his to begin with. The Stormlords are sworn to Storm's End, not Dragonstone. Also Stannis may have been "screwed" out of Storm's End, but Dragonstone is a logical castle to give to the heir to the throne. &gt; not some diplomatic treaty Have you forgotten that he married Magaery specifically to solidify the alliance?
&gt; Double moving into enemy territory, leaving the assault in the open before using a grenade, leaving people flanked. Tutorial missions delivery, or bad player? Most of this is wrong. Grenades are guaranteed damage, so there was no risk in moving the assault first (unless she didn't 1HKO the Viper, but that was scripted). They also never left anyone flanked - the only time people were flanked was when reinforcements showed up in flanking positions, and when the bomb carrier temporarily moved to a flanked tile but didn't stay there. You're right about dashing to half cover when there was full cover available, although turns get weird around there so it's hard to tell what shortcuts they took to make it flow faster. Specificially, XCOM's turn starts with the sword on the viper, followed by the grenade when suddenly the turret activates and goes into overwatch. Next the bomb carrier moves, overwatch misses, plants bomb and dashes. Then the reinforcements show up and act immediately, killing the bomb carrier and Ranger before it's XCOM's turn again. The biggest questions are about the turret, since we know reinforcements won't get to shoot their first turn. Something's funky about it activating midturn - could it really be triggered by Advent dying, or was that expediency? Also, the turret never got a turn during the reinforcement round, which is significant because the Ranger was exposed. So either the turret has unique mechanics making that a safe move, or they intentionally fudged the process to make the trailer faster and more exciting by showing off new things sequentially and not realistically.
Don't forget captured aliens!
/thread
Aside from all those rule changes that allowed forward, downfield passing in the first place. =)
It had an impact. In 1942 Hutson had 74 receptions for 1211 yards and 17 TDs. His highest totals prewar were 58 for 846 and 10. That said, Huston's first 6 seasons were before the US joined the war, and he led the league in receptions 4 times, yards 4 times, yards per reception twice, receiving touchdowns five times, yards per game five times, and made 4 All Pro teams. WWII and the draft had an impact, but not nearly as big an impact as the Packers using Hutson like a modern NFL receiver in an era when no one else did.
&gt; the great passing QBs I remember were Bradshaw, Staubach, Tarkenton, Stabler and Manning but no one ever talked about them being the greatest ever That's because Unitas or Luckman was the GOAT. =)
&gt; It was always GB was a passing team and Chicago was a running team. I don't think that's true at all. Have you heard of Sid Luckman? He played in the 40s and was the GOAT QB before Unitas. He's still the all time leader in passing TDs for the Bears, and held the passing yards record until this year. [Meanwhile under Lombardi the Packers](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/play-index/tgl_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;match=combined&amp;year_min=1960&amp;year_max=1967&amp;game_type=R&amp;playoff_round=&amp;game_num_min=0&amp;game_num_max=99&amp;week_num_min=0&amp;week_num_max=99&amp;game_day_of_week=&amp;game_time=&amp;time_zone=&amp;game_location=&amp;surface=&amp;roof=&amp;stadium_id=&amp;temperature_gtlt=lt&amp;temperature=&amp;game_result=&amp;overtime=&amp;league_id=&amp;team_id=&amp;team_conf_id=&amp;team_div_id=&amp;opp_id=&amp;opp_conf_id=&amp;opp_div_id=&amp;team_off_scheme=&amp;team_def_align=&amp;opp_off_scheme=&amp;opp_def_align=&amp;conference_game=&amp;division_game=&amp;tm_is_playoff=&amp;opp_is_playoff=&amp;tm_is_winning=&amp;opp_is_winning=&amp;tm_scored_first=&amp;tm_led=&amp;tm_trailed=&amp;tm_won_toss=&amp;c1stat=rush_yds&amp;c1comp=gt&amp;c1val=&amp;c2stat=&amp;c2comp=gt&amp;c2val=&amp;c3stat=&amp;c3comp=gt&amp;c3val=&amp;c4stat=&amp;c4comp=gt&amp;c4val=&amp;c5comp=&amp;c5gtlt=lt&amp;c6mult=1.0&amp;c6comp=&amp;order_by=pass_att) led the league in carries, #2 in yards, #3 in YPC, #1 in TDs with 28% more than second while they were last at pass attempts, second to last in yards, and third to last in TDs among non-expansion teams. They were great at passing when they did it (1st in completion percentage, 2nd in YPA), but they were a "running team" if there ever was one.
Those last two make sense, I'm sometimes annoyed when I can't tell who got kills (especially early when it's more important for ranking up). It never shows the action cam when you miss ([excluding overwatch shots](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKy0kHOr1hc)), but it doesn't show every hit and every kill. It's seemingly random.
&gt; Huh, I'd figured the sectoids being bigger was just a result of them having human DNA. That's part of the idea, but they are even taller than humans now at 7'!
It turned into hovertext. Scroll over the link. If you are on mobile you're probably screwed.
Went to go check it out. This post might as well be renamed "[Add more ~~boosters~~ cannons!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEv4z3CwkPQ)" And after watching I realize the video is called Besiege: Space Program.
Of those zombies are the only real magic-y magic. Dragon and ice creatures are just animals. The magical parts are Dany surviving walking into a fire, prophecy, shadow babies, Mel killing the eagle, whatever created and holds up the Wall, LSH, glamouring, etc.
Offset language is the parts (language) of the contract that covers offsets, as in if a player is cut, does the money he's paid by his new team *offset* the money owed by his old team? Essentially, a player is drafted by a team. He's eventually cut by this team, but they owe him $6 million guaranteed. If the player signs with a new team for $4 million, does his new team owe him the full $6 million, or only the $2 million difference? That is answered by the offset language.
&gt; Remember that incident I told you about? Well, it might be... the sweater might be involved." I can't tell if you're joking or not.
The turret also doesn't follow normal turn rules, which I assume is only for the demo. XCOM gets a turn where the Ranger slices the viper and the Specialist 'nades Advent when the turret suddenly starts up and goes into overwatch. The rookie runs the overwatch and plants the bomb. Then Advent reinforcements appear and kill the rookie, followed by XCOM's turn where they hack the turret and kill the Advent troops. But what happened to the turret's turn? It never got to go, which is super convenient since the Ranger was completely exposed.
&gt; you can't compare a contract from two years ago and a contract today. You can and you did. It's just that you have to take context into account.
When your weapons systems get damaged, the one on the right is first to go. That means you want your most important weapon on the left (slot 1).
He was 2nd team All Pro last season...
Who do you think decides whether to order interceptors or build that new MEC suit?
&gt; SSDs: Yes they are probably the most bang for your buck in performance. But you can buy a 1TB 7200 rpm for half the cost(60$), or less. If your on a budget you can probably wait the few more seconds. What's the price difference between a 1TB HDD and a 120 or 240GB SSD? Maybe $0-30? I bet most people could live with only a SSD for a few months if $50 for a 1TB HDD is that big of a difference in their budget. They can always get an HDD later.
Don't forget Torrey got something like 200 extra yards in pass interference penalties. That's a lot of yardage and first downs that don't make it into his stats!
Touch as in ability to adjust power? Because Flacco's [one of the least accurate QBs in the league](https://twitter.com/FO_ScottKacsmar/status/613787461030952960). For that chart, a bad throw is an overthrown or underthrown pass.
The Father represents justic, which fits Stannis more than anyone. Although I'm also a fan of the Seven representing the Starks. - Arya = Stranger - Bran = Crone - Sansa = Maid - Robb = Warrior - Ned = Mother (really, Ned's more about mercy than justice) - Catelyn = Father - Leaving Rickon as the Smith to be
Here's an important question. Would a team even *want* to attempt 80-85 yard field goals? Obviously asking about normal situations, not at the end of close games. NFL kickers make [67% of their 50-55 yard field goals](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/play-index/play_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;match=summary_all&amp;search=&amp;player_id=&amp;year_min=2012&amp;year_max=2014&amp;team_id=&amp;opp_id=&amp;game_type=R&amp;playoff_round=&amp;game_num_min=0&amp;game_num_max=99&amp;week_num_min=0&amp;week_num_max=99&amp;quarter=1&amp;quarter=2&amp;quarter=3&amp;quarter=4&amp;quarter=5&amp;tr_gtlt=lt&amp;minutes=15&amp;seconds=00&amp;down=0&amp;down=1&amp;down=2&amp;down=3&amp;down=4&amp;yds_to_go_min=&amp;yds_to_go_max=&amp;yg_gtlt=gt&amp;yards=&amp;is_first_down=-1&amp;field_pos_min_field=opp&amp;field_pos_min=32&amp;field_pos_max_field=opp&amp;field_pos_max=37&amp;end_field_pos_min_field=team&amp;end_field_pos_min=&amp;end_field_pos_max_field=team&amp;end_field_pos_max=&amp;type=FG&amp;is_complete=-1&amp;is_turnover=-1&amp;turnover_type=interception&amp;turnover_type=fumble&amp;is_scoring=-1&amp;score_type=touchdown&amp;score_type=field_goal&amp;score_type=safety&amp;is_sack=-1&amp;include_kneels=-1&amp;no_play=0&amp;game_day_of_week=&amp;game_location=&amp;game_result=&amp;margin_min=&amp;margin_max=&amp;order_by=yards&amp;rush_direction=LE&amp;rush_direction=LT&amp;rush_direction=LG&amp;rush_direction=M&amp;rush_direction=RG&amp;rush_direction=RT&amp;rush_direction=RE&amp;pass_location=SL&amp;pass_location=SM&amp;pass_location=SR&amp;pass_location=DL&amp;pass_location=DM&amp;pass_location=DR). If you make a field goal, that's obviously 3 points for the team. But if you miss, which he will 33% of the time, you're giving up the ball on your own 25-30 yardline. [Teams with 1st and 10 at the 27 score an average of 3.5 points.](http://grantland.com/the-triangle/there-is-no-red-zone-the-nfls-scoring-myth/) Quick and easy math: 67% of the time you'll score 3 points, and 33% of the time you'll give up 3.5 points. That's a net gain of 0.86 points, so kicking is still a good idea. What is the actual break even then? We can figure that out with an easy equation: 3X + -3.5(1-X) = 0. The answer is 54%.
As long as you can make 80-85 yarders more than 55% of the time it's worth kicking it. It's [simple math](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3b522d/a_21_year_old_kicker_shows_up_out_of_no_where_and/csjiidr).
You're wrong on both accounts. [Kickers make 67% of their 50-55 yard field goal attempts, and the break even for 80-85 yard kicks is 55%](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3b522d/a_21_year_old_kicker_shows_up_out_of_no_where_and/csjiidr).
It doesn't matter - [the break even of 80 yarders is 55%.](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3b522d/a_21_year_old_kicker_shows_up_out_of_no_where_and/csjiidr) If you make them at the same rate as kickers make 50-55 yarders like the OP said, that's 67% and it's a no brainer.
That's literally the only people you franchise tags - players who *were* on your roster and are now free agents.
&gt; Do you really risk it every time, potentially giving the other team the ball on the 23 yard line? Yes. On average you'd gain [0.85 points per kick](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3b522d/a_21_year_old_kicker_shows_up_out_of_no_where_and/csjiidr).
So when you correct for the cherry picking, the Colts drop all the way to ... 2nd best? That doesn't seem very cherry picked then.
Firaxis has confirmed reinforcements will not shoot the same turn they appear, that was only to shorten the video length.
Yes. People don't like it when you criticize the dragon, especially in a thread about how Flacco should be appreciated more.
&gt; I never said it wasn't. I said he turns the ball over a ton You're contradicting yourself in consecutive sentences! Yes, he has the 9th most interceptions since joining the league. He also has the *6th* most passes. That means he turns the ball over *less than expected*. His INT totals are only higher than expected because he throws the ball *way* more than expected. To judge him purely by volume is being intentionally dishonest.
Another way of looking at it: if you are trying to predict someone's interception percentage next year, does including what he did in 1998 have any value for 2015? You're right that you should project improvement for young QBs, but INT% isn't going to move too much as it's very inconsistent and depends a ton on context (I.e. If the team is doing well and leading most games, or trailing resulting in riskier comeback attempts).
Why not just link to the original article? - [Individual seasons](http://www.footballperspective.com/guest-post-bryan-fryes-advanced-quarterback-ranking-system/) - [Career rankings](http://www.footballperspective.com/guest-post-bryan-fryes-advanced-quarterback-ranking-system-part-ii-career-rankings/) Note that data only goes back to 2002 since the author doesn't have kneel and spike data before then, but that covers all the important seasons for active QBs.
This is also the reason why the show is completely justified in Stannis burning Shireen. It doesn't really matter if he does it in the books or not - the point is the conflict between his duty to the realm and the life of an innocent child. Stannis even has a perfect quote when discussing sacrificing Edric ('what's the life of one child against the whole realm?'). We don't know if he'll do it in the books, but it's definitely a topic worth exploring and something he has been tempted with in the past. Is Stannis willing to go that far to achieve his ends? At least in the show, yes.
&gt; Germany's saving grace is that Thomis can't really cross all that well. That's why I was wondering if it was intentional. When the USMNT played Ghana they were intentionally giving up the edges so Ghana would attempt more crosses, believing Ghana to be weak at them, and even if they got a good one Klinnsman was confident in our CBs height/athletic advantage.
The four or five uncalled handballs didn't do it for you? =)
I do when I am trying to avoid handballs.
Isn't that a basic sports tactic? Double team their best player, force someone onto their off foot, take longer distance shots at a shaky keeper, etc.
That's a very nice bus China has parked in front of their goal.
Reasonably terrified of allowing our headers above their D.
China is also playing ultra conservative. Our back line is way up and clearly isn't afraid of a counter. Against Colombia we always had to be concerned with their lone striker who could have taken us 1v1.
I think we (the U.S.) might have the speed with the right lineup, but we don't have that technical ability.
One of my favorite memories of playing that game was when my wife walked into the room, having no idea what game I was playing, and asked if I was in Florence. Their recreation was so good that my wife recognized a marketplace next to where she had lived. It's that faithful. I was astounded.
Yes. Chances are he'll be at least a top 3 QB in 5 years.
Wasn't it like two back to back 20 yard gains for a field goal?
Genre savvy hobbits!
That's how contracts work. If Wilson is the highest paid QB today, he'll be #2 next year when Luck signs. He'll probably be 5th or lower by the time his contract is over.
How is the heir problem his fault?
True, but that $60 extra would also blow the budget if OP is set on $600.
We are the Cow*boys*, not the Cows.
Agreed. The stone beast is likely Marwyn or someone else from Hightower, as it is literally a burning/smoking tower (there's a flaming lighthouse beacon on top).
But that's the definition of a nerd!
I don't see that happening, simply because I don't think Sansa and Rickon care enough about ruling to fight. Also Rickon is undisputably the heir over Sansa as long as he has his direwolf to legitimize who he is.
You're forgetting Dany. Ned advises against trying to assassinate her, arguing she posed no threat as a child with nothing in Essos.
&gt; why have Ned foster him? He was a hostage. Theon had to stay with some lord and in good condition for it to be a credible threat that he would be harmed if Balon rebelled. It was completely unexpected and atypical for Balon to disown Theon and choose Asha as his heir due to standard gender roles. Aegon, Rhaenys, and Dany are different because they didn't have leverage over anyone. They were innocent children, and there was no gain to killing them, or even threatening to kill them.
How is that not a stretch? If those 30 rushing yards are going to equate to 2-3 points per game then they can't be cannibalized from passing yards. If they were there'd be no net gain in yards and no net gain in points. So let's assume Clayton means it's 30 *additional* yards. Last year the Vikings had [1804 rushing yards on 413 attempts, which is 4.4 YPC and was 12th best in the NFL](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/years/2014/). Sticking with the same number of total carries, 30 yards a game would bump that YPC up to 5.5. For reference, only one team in the past 45 years has reached 5.5 YPC - [Barry Sanders' Lions in 1997](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/play-index/tgl_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;match=single&amp;year_min=1970&amp;year_max=2015&amp;game_type=R&amp;playoff_round=&amp;game_num_min=0&amp;game_num_max=99&amp;week_num_min=0&amp;week_num_max=99&amp;game_day_of_week=&amp;game_time=&amp;time_zone=&amp;game_location=&amp;surface=&amp;roof=&amp;stadium_id=&amp;temperature_gtlt=lt&amp;temperature=&amp;game_result=&amp;overtime=&amp;league_id=&amp;team_id=&amp;team_conf_id=&amp;team_div_id=&amp;opp_id=&amp;opp_conf_id=&amp;opp_div_id=&amp;team_off_scheme=&amp;team_def_align=&amp;opp_off_scheme=&amp;opp_def_align=&amp;conference_game=&amp;division_game=&amp;tm_is_playoff=&amp;opp_is_playoff=&amp;tm_is_winning=&amp;opp_is_winning=&amp;tm_scored_first=&amp;tm_led=&amp;tm_trailed=&amp;tm_won_toss=&amp;c1stat=&amp;c1comp=gt&amp;c1val=&amp;c2stat=&amp;c2comp=gt&amp;c2val=&amp;c3stat=&amp;c3comp=gt&amp;c3val=&amp;c4stat=&amp;c4comp=gt&amp;c4val=&amp;c5comp=&amp;c5gtlt=lt&amp;c6mult=1.0&amp;c6comp=&amp;order_by=rush_yds_per_att). In the past 10 years only 10 teams have even hit 5.1 YPC, and all have one of two things in common. Let's see if you can spot the patterns: 2006 Falcons, 2010 Eagles, 2012 Vikings, 2011 Panthers, 2007 Vikings, 2014 Seahawks, 2012 Redskins, 2009 Titans, 2011 Vikings, and 2013 Eagles. So that's Vick, Vick, Peterson, Newton, Peterson, Wilson, Griffin, Young, Peterson*, and Vick. So good and bad news - Bridgewater isn't as capable on the ground as those QBs, but at least they have the other piece in Peterson (note: Peterson's YPC the 2011 season was 4.7, so the team only made the 5.1 YPC cutoff due to [Ponder/Webb/Harvin's combined 7 YPC](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/teams/min/2011.htm)). Except even Peterson couldn't bring his team to 5.5 YPC at his peak, so he's not likely to do it now when he's at the age RBs decline. But Clayton doesn't necessarily mean 5.5 YPC. The Vikings could convert a few more first downs than they did last year, resulting in more carries and passes overall. Unfortunately, I'm not sure the facts back that up. [Asiata converted 63% of his short](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/play-index/play_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;match=summary_all&amp;search=&amp;year_min=2012&amp;year_max=2014&amp;team_id=min&amp;opp_id=&amp;game_type=R&amp;playoff_round=&amp;game_num_min=0&amp;game_num_max=99&amp;week_num_min=0&amp;week_num_max=99&amp;quarter=1&amp;quarter=2&amp;quarter=3&amp;quarter=4&amp;quarter=5&amp;tr_gtlt=lt&amp;minutes=15&amp;seconds=00&amp;down=0&amp;down=1&amp;down=2&amp;down=3&amp;down=4&amp;yds_to_go_min=1&amp;yds_to_go_max=3&amp;yg_gtlt=gt&amp;yards=&amp;is_first_down=-1&amp;field_pos_min_field=team&amp;field_pos_min=&amp;field_pos_max_field=team&amp;field_pos_max=&amp;end_field_pos_min_field=team&amp;end_field_pos_min=&amp;end_field_pos_max_field=team&amp;end_field_pos_max=&amp;type=RUSH&amp;is_complete=-1&amp;is_turnover=-1&amp;turnover_type=interception&amp;turnover_type=fumble&amp;is_scoring=-1&amp;score_type=touchdown&amp;score_type=field_goal&amp;score_type=safety&amp;is_sack=-1&amp;include_kneels=-1&amp;no_play=0&amp;game_day_of_week=&amp;game_location=&amp;game_result=&amp;margin_min=&amp;margin_max=&amp;order_by=yards&amp;rush_direction=LE&amp;rush_direction=LT&amp;rush_direction=LG&amp;rush_direction=M&amp;rush_direction=RG&amp;rush_direction=RT&amp;rush_direction=RE&amp;pass_location=SL&amp;pass_location=SM&amp;pass_location=SR&amp;pass_location=DL&amp;pass_location=DM&amp;pass_location=DR&amp;rusher_id=AsiaMa00) (1-3 yards) 3rd down conversions last year, while [Peterson has only converted 57% of his in 2012 and 2013](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/play-index/play_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;match=summary_all&amp;search=&amp;year_min=2012&amp;year_max=2014&amp;team_id=min&amp;opp_id=&amp;game_type=R&amp;playoff_round=&amp;game_num_min=0&amp;game_num_max=99&amp;week_num_min=0&amp;week_num_max=99&amp;quarter=1&amp;quarter=2&amp;quarter=3&amp;quarter=4&amp;quarter=5&amp;tr_gtlt=lt&amp;minutes=15&amp;seconds=00&amp;down=0&amp;down=1&amp;down=2&amp;down=3&amp;down=4&amp;yds_to_go_min=1&amp;yds_to_go_max=3&amp;yg_gtlt=gt&amp;yards=&amp;is_first_down=-1&amp;field_pos_min_field=team&amp;field_pos_min=&amp;field_pos_max_field=team&amp;field_pos_max=&amp;end_field_pos_min_field=team&amp;end_field_pos_min=&amp;end_field_pos_max_field=team&amp;end_field_pos_max=&amp;type=RUSH&amp;is_complete=-1&amp;is_turnover=-1&amp;turnover_type=interception&amp;turnover_type=fumble&amp;is_scoring=-1&amp;score_type=touchdown&amp;score_type=field_goal&amp;score_type=safety&amp;is_sack=-1&amp;include_kneels=-1&amp;no_play=0&amp;game_day_of_week=&amp;game_location=&amp;game_result=&amp;margin_min=&amp;margin_max=&amp;order_by=yards&amp;rush_direction=LE&amp;rush_direction=LT&amp;rush_direction=LG&amp;rush_direction=M&amp;rush_direction=RG&amp;rush_direction=RT&amp;rush_direction=RE&amp;pass_location=SL&amp;pass_location=SM&amp;pass_location=SR&amp;pass_location=DL&amp;pass_location=DM&amp;pass_location=DR&amp;rusher_id=PeteAd01), and it's not like those were down seasons for Peterson. Even if we go with [Peterson's career 63% rate](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/play-index/play_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;match=summary_all&amp;search=&amp;player_id=&amp;year_min=1998&amp;year_max=2014&amp;team_id=min&amp;opp_id=&amp;game_type=R&amp;playoff_round=&amp;game_num_min=0&amp;game_num_max=99&amp;week_num_min=0&amp;week_num_max=99&amp;quarter=1&amp;quarter=2&amp;quarter=3&amp;quarter=4&amp;quarter=5&amp;tr_gtlt=lt&amp;minutes=15&amp;seconds=00&amp;down=0&amp;down=1&amp;down=2&amp;down=3&amp;down=4&amp;yds_to_go_min=1&amp;yds_to_go_max=3&amp;yg_gtlt=gt&amp;yards=&amp;is_first_down=-1&amp;field_pos_min_field=team&amp;field_pos_min=&amp;field_pos_max_field=team&amp;field_pos_max=&amp;end_field_pos_min_field=team&amp;end_field_pos_min=&amp;end_field_pos_max_field=team&amp;end_field_pos_max=&amp;type=RUSH&amp;is_complete=-1&amp;is_turnover=-1&amp;turnover_type=interception&amp;turnover_type=fumble&amp;is_scoring=-1&amp;score_type=touchdown&amp;score_type=field_goal&amp;score_type=safety&amp;is_sack=-1&amp;include_kneels=-1&amp;no_play=0&amp;game_day_of_week=&amp;game_location=&amp;game_result=&amp;margin_min=&amp;margin_max=&amp;order_by=yards&amp;rush_direction=LE&amp;rush_direction=LT&amp;rush_direction=LG&amp;rush_direction=M&amp;rush_direction=RG&amp;rush_direction=RT&amp;rush_direction=RE&amp;pass_location=SL&amp;pass_location=SM&amp;pass_location=SR&amp;pass_location=DL&amp;pass_location=DM&amp;pass_location=DR&amp;rusher_id=PeteAd01) that's not any net improvement. So while I don't think it's wrong to say the Vikings with Peterson are better, I do think it's certainly a stretch to expect Peterson to add 30 yards a game or anything close to it. Especially when he's 30 years old, [which is old for running backs](http://www.footballperspective.com/a-closer-look-at-running-back-aging-patterns-part-ii/). And before you say it, [age matters more than carries or time off](http://subscribers.footballguys.com/apps/article.php?article=stuart-running-back-workload-part-ii). Lastly, and perhaps most importantly, 2-3 points per game is about 40 points in a season, which is only worth [about one extra win](http://www.insidethebook.com/ee/index.php/site/article/base_scores/). Which is huge for one player to contribute a whole win, but as I've already said that's an optimistic gain.
&gt; People argue the the Seahawks have a good enough defense and run game to lose some qb talent and not have a significant drop Those people are dumb. The Seahawks could still be a good, playoff caliber team with a lesser QB, but they would not be a SB favorite like they are with Wilson. That's an extremely significant drop.
Right, I thought about going there, but figured the post was long enough as is. If the team was doing better overall they would rush more to run out the clock, but Peterson's not likely to be the main reason the team is doing better.
I would guess a fairly small portion of contracts have incentives or escalators that are not easy to attain, such as start 12+ games or attend offseason workouts. If they were more common, it wouldn't be such a big deal when Kaepernick's had so many.
I would guess a fairly small portion of contracts have incentives or escalators that are not easy to attain, such as start 12+ games or attend offseason workouts. If they were more common, it wouldn't be such a big deal when Kaepernick's had so many. And even when they are included, most of the time the escalators are not included in the 'face value' of the contract. Most people would report those contracts as i.e. "a 5 year $60 million contract that could be worth up to $66 million".
You're 100% correct that section isn't as thorough as it could have been, but I thought my overall point was made and I put in enough effort for a reddit comment. Maybe if I was a senior writer at a national sports media conglomerate I would have put in more effort. Or not, if this article is anything to go by.
Or even just stretched it out for the first down. Or if god damned Grammatica had thrown a half decent block instead of standing there and letting the tackler run right by him.
I have an old 500GB USB external HDD that I so rarely used for backups I forgot all about it until now. Now that I have my own PC, what should I do with it? I opened it up and it has [one of these](http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16822136110) inside, and uses an ATA connector. Is there any point in getting an SATA to ATA connector, or do I leave it connected through USB? Will it be fast enough to be at all useful?
&gt; Peterson catching a ball and Asiata catching a ball are also two entirely different things You're right - Asiata averaged 7.1 YPR last year, while Peterson averaged 5.5 YPR since 2012. =)
It helps that passer rating is oblivious to sacks, which Marino is literally the best QB on NFL history at avoiding (Peyton is a close second) and Wilson takes a lot. And no, it's not all the offense line's fault, Wilson often holds onto the ball too long and will scramble instead of throwing it away. Which sometimes results in great plays, and other times a lot of unnecessary sacks and hits.
Nah, the people who are tops in both are ones who are great *and* had a relatively high number of sacks + good completion percentage. Passer rating ignores the first and double counts the second.
I'll point out those stats only include passes thrown. For instance, if you get contacted and sacked, it won't show up in those stats.
At 4.8 YPC, so....
Sorry, I wasn't clear. This statement: &gt; The QBs who are tops in both are no doubt the greatest passers ever. is inaccurate, because ANY/A and passer rating use nearly the same information to come at very similar results. They both use completion percentage, YPA, TD%, and INT% to rank players. Anyone who does well in those four categories will rank highly in both. The differences between the two systems is primarily that ANY/A also includes sacks. Therefore, if a QB ranks better in passer rating than ANY/A, it's because they took more sacks than their ANY/A peers. This is easy to prove. Go to the above link and compare the Sack%+ rankings for QBs in the top 20 of ANY/A+ and PR+. 15 QBs on each list are the same, so we only need to look at the 10 unique QBs: - ANY/A+: Zeke Bratkowski, Babe Parilli, Daryle Lamonica, John Brodie, and Trent Green. **Avg Sack%+ of 120.6** - PR+: Len Dawson, Fran Tarkenton, Ben Roethlisberger, Bob Griese, Chad Pennington. **Avg Sack%+ of 97.4** See the difference? The Index stats scale so 100 is league average, meaning the 5 PR+ QBs had a combined *below league average sack rate*!! Meanwhile the ANY/A+ QBs were more than a standard deviation above average! When considering the greatest passers ever, there's no need to look at passer rating. It provides *less* information than ANY/A and is therefore a less accurate metric for judging QBs.
Some people would, but I wouldn't. I'd be in the tiny minority saying "Process over results! Hindsight bias! Just because it worked doesn't mean it was a good idea!"
Better performance for only $300 more than an Xbox One! What a deal!
It helped that Breaking Bad basically only had 5 characters. GOT has more major cities than that.
Wilson also creates a lot of that pressure himself by not throwing the ball. He often holds onto it too long, and will spin away from pressure and turn his back downfield. Those are bad habits he needs to keep working at to eliminate.
&gt; No team is currently willing to set the precedent for a fully guaranteed contract to any player Veteran contracts only. Most of the 1st round rookie contracts are fully guaranteed, as are some of the cheap UDFA contracts.
It's also mieading because it's not based on the average annual value of the contract but that particular year's cap hit. Brady was on the same contract in 03 and 04, but the percentage above is different and the cap didn't go down in 2004.
It could also be pure randomness.
Don't disrespect Trent Green like that.
Research says the uptick in points scored is almost entirely due to improvements in the kicking game. Field goals are consistently made more often now, which is contributing to scoring increases more than anything else. TDs and FGs per team game by decade - 50s: 2.76 TDs, 0.76 FGM - 60s: 2.62 TDs, 1.04 FGM - 70s: 2.22 TDs, 1.13 FGM - 80s: 2.44 TDs, 1.24 FGM - 90s: 2.24 TDS, 1.44 FGM - 00s: 2.31 TDs, 1.51 FGM - 10s: 2.50 TDs, 1.64 FGM You'll note that TDs have fluctuated significantly, while field goals have only gone one direction. The 70s was also such a low scoring era the NFL changed the passing rules in 1978 to help the offense game.
I agree it shouldn't be Butler based on one play, but I'd go with Edelman. He was doing most of the tearing up, and if Brady hasn't overthrown him in the endzone when he was wide open he would have had two TDs. Paradoxically, by playing worse Brady helped out his own MVP candidacy.
As I recall Brady also threw the shortest passes in that game, with most of those yards coming from YAC. Another reason why Edelman should have won it. The Pats wouldn't have needed a 4th quarter comeback if Brady hasn't thrown those INTs! You can't give Brady *that* much credit for fixing his own mistakes.
As I recall, Brady has the highest percentage of TD passes from inside the 5 yardline. Let's see if I can find it.
Yes it does, it compares players against their peers who all had played under the same rules. You can argue that's not enough (and feel free to do so), but it's wrong to say it does "nothing".
Maybe the defense would have done better if Brady hadn't thrown two interceptions? But that's neither here nor there. Throwing short passes isn't super easy, but it's definitely easier than throwing longer passes. If you'll recall, the Broncos tried a ton of short passes in their Super Bowl which allowed Demaryius Thomas to set a SB completions record, but the LOB destroyed the Broncos receivers immediately so they gained no yards on those plays. The big differences were the LOB was severely injured for the Pats SB (as I recall, Sherman was not using his arm, ET3 had a bad shoulder injury, one DB broke his arm early in the game, etc) and that Amendola and particularly Edelman were quick enough to not only get open fast but also gain a lot of YAC. That allowed the Pats to avoid the downside of short passes (small gains) while also capitalizing on the upside (easy completions). Brady played a good game, but he wasn't great. He had the two picks and if he hadn't overthrown Edelman int he endzone Edelman might have won MVP instead.
