That background is certainly more sophisticated and mature.
This, and trap them/kill them. Multiple traditional traps as mice roam in groups, so kill two or three in waves, until more than you imagined are gone.
I've never seen folks move out without putting extra trash out. Once they are gone I either do a transfer station run, or bring out another can so tenants have available space. So I'd pay the $25 since I can deduct it, and cheaper than my dealing with it directly. Former tenants should have rented a small dumpster and landlord should take it out of their security in my opinion. As a tenant, I'd be bothered, but not want this to be the hill I go down on.
If you want to pay to find out if something is out of wack, do so, it's your money. If it's working and providing heat, landlord responsibility is done. That said, what type of system, if forced hot air, did you replace the filter? That's standard tenant maintenance that often isn't done--such that I do it instead of leaving it up to them.
Yes, that would be my choice, when the cost starts to equal the price to have a pro look at it to prevent recurrence. Fingers crossed for you that something is revealed that's helpful!
Oh good to know, FMs should work then too!
The cardboard bin was out to be emptied at the transfer station, the staff told me to put boxes in with the paper/junkmail, the distinction is just for the users, who complain if there isn't a spot as they expect, at the facility, it all gets dumped together. Yes, your life is an illusion in more ways than you know.
uv
It was a '91 MR2, so technically old. Age has little to do with it, a '71 Porsche 914 gets great gas mileage, body shape (as it relates to drag) has everything to do with it. The airflow around the MR2 apparently improved at higher speeds. A lot of hybrids get worse mileage at consistent higher speeds, seeing more gains in slower stop and go traffic conditions by design, however their bodies do tend to be designed for less drag.
Highlander, when Heather MacLeod passes, just hearing Queen's music for the scene brings their passion and love to mind, and moist eyes.
The key thing is to not delay. Act as soon as local law allows you to regardless of what they claim. Every tenant has a story about why, and believe they will pay; if they do, you can stop the process, otherwise it moves forward to reduce your costs/liability (and engenders respect). Remember to save receipts for legal costs, court fees, parking meters, postage, copies, etc., it's all tax deductible.
This is when you learn that mothers don't always have your best interests at heart. What she "should do" and the person she is are two different things. You'll raise your (potential) children differently, and they'll have different objections of how you treat them and believe you should do things differently too. Thankfully soon you can live in your own bra-free space without mothering.
They are currently creating/designing/working on it, as detailed in a forum thread complaining about its current appearance.
Yes. Not only that, but after they streamlined all the regions' questing, they even revamped Moria questing too. It sucks, as higher level areas are strictly linear, so you can't pick and choose what you'd rather do or explore for serendipity, but folks who found things disjointed before like it.
It's worse when it's the other way around. More times I've seen a great healer but we have to explain everything to her hubby. Or another where he's the healer and can't keep anyone alive, while she continually saves the day on her support class. The couples where both are just dps seem best to group with.
Since weapon Imbuing was introduced, we need a lot, a dozen just for two items, the add swap legendaries, then alts, that several dozen. Of course Imbuing is a detriment for many classes/items. Of course they are also easier to get than all the marks needed for SoEs too.
Yes, it's been discussed multiple times and is not on the drawing board. They did provide two alternatives, the xp disabler, so you can keep a character at a certain level. Also Battles scale your level (poorly for lower levels). The effort involved in the former makes it clear their tech would need radical changes, making it unrealistic.
The first hit on [Google](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=ranger+8980) is the manual pdf for that security system, all your answers are there. If you want to use it, ask for the activation code. If you want to block the motion sensor, cover it with foil tape.
Places don't have time to screw you, they are businesses that survive on good word of mouth reputation. Pick a popular, busy place, preferably not one of the big chains that are too over loaded/rushing. A place near you that you can develop a relationship with is best. A friend's place drives her to work in her car to get a feel what is going on! Ask if any part of the work can be held off for now. They might say you need new pads and rotors (the part the pad squeezes). Ask if the rotors will last until the next pad change. But really, you save money doing both together for the same labor cost, while they have it all apart. Some cars the front brakes wear twice as fast as rear, so if your wear indicator squeal is just from the front, ask if the rears can be done next time instead, if they suggest doing them all. PS: If you go in feeling worried they are going to rip you off, your untrusting vibe might come through, causing them to be defensive or not on your side. If you go in asking for their help in taking care of your car and making you safe, they will want to take care of you, an entirely different relationship!
Disregarding different colas having different flavors? Their similarity being the caffeine? As even said in the link you provided, that recipe tastes different from Coke.
They don't have each others' email addresses.
Actually...there are no instructions on etiquette when one first goes to a bar, and nobody helps, the examples to follow are rude inebriated people, so when in Rome. So having this info out in the public consciousness helps inform more, get peers aware, provide more polite/useful examples, minimize movie tropes, and customize behaviour.
Yes, and leveling up is now so anticlimactic, often don't even notice or forget to spend points to get new skills. Removes immersion. It is nice to not have to go to a bard to retrait though.
Open windows at night. Box fan if not much circulation. Close windows and blinds during day, if blinds not opaque, block energy with something else. Keep hydrated so you sweat. If humid, run a dehumidifier so you perspiration evaporates/cools you effectively. Low fan aids evaporation. If it doesn't get below room temp at night, running ac just in the morn and keeping things closed/dark lasts most the day, depending on insulation. A bit more money is also running it again midday to drop the temp.
Actually they have measurable wavelengths. Similarly, if you put on tinted glasses, or only have colored light, the exact same cones in your eves get activated as others. Likewise, folks missing cones, IE "color blind", see the same stuff, as verified by seeing differently colored pics as the same. Some women have a fourth type of cone that allows them to discern more variation in red though, which slightly,htly matches your thought. As they could see two different hues of red where most would see one. However those are not in the green or blue or ultraviolet wavelengths.
Better/cheaper is getting a prescript for the generic of Proscar, same med in higher dose for enlarged prostrate, and using a pill cutter, divide in quarters.
If your brake lights are shared with your signal lights, you can use your hazards to check them. If not, at night, close your garage door (or back close to a wall) behind and see the glow of each light. Alternatively record a video. During the day, you can see your brake lights reflected in the nose of some vehicles like trucks with shiny front bumpers or vans with chrome. PS: If you replace one, replace both. LEDs are less likely to have problems.
Hence being a "rogue-like".
Friend driving with his daughter and his mother singing the name game song. She picks "truck". They both start singing, "banana-fanna-fo", grandma stops right before "fuck"..."Why'd you stop Grandma? Why did you stop singing??"
Sure, headaches aren't brainaches.
Are you the type of person that the little stuff just rolls off your back? If so, find a duplex, live in half, let the other pay your mortgage. Still like it? Expand. Hate it, or spouse hates it? Sell and buy the white picket fence instead. There are no tricks, learn business, marketing, accounting, finance, contract law, landlord/tenant law, the judicial system, psychology, carpentry, plumbing, electrical, painting, book keeping, etc. Get a good understanding of liability and insurance.
It depends who you play with. My kin does them, but you'd frequently have to be on. Isenguard T2s have been broken, scaling off for level 75, but they made some changes w/update 16, don't know if that fixed it.
That's not a friend, that's someone who used you and took advantage of your good nature. You are fortunate to see her true colors and how ugly she is. You are better than that, and there is someone better than her who wants you as much as you want them, find that person instead.
Just re-apply the sticker over the remaining adhesive and the adhesive on the sticker will pull off the lingering. It becomes second nature to peel, then stick and pull, done.
Call them in the afternoon/eve EDT. Their phone support is awesome. 781-407-4020 PS: You'll want your account details on hand, like name/address, payment type, etc.
As long as you give them a reason that they can't dispute. They are probably seeking psychological satisfaction/closure, it also improves their morale for packing/moving/searching for a new place. When asked, "why are you moving" they can respond with something other than "we don't know". Something nondescript such as, "we have plans for the place we can't enact while it's occupied". Be sure to offer "condolences", but don't apologize, condolences helps them feel heard/validated/appreciated and like you are on their side rather than against them.
It's "The Entertainer" by Scott Joplin. Featured heavily in "The Sting", starring Paul Newman and Robert Redford.
That's why she needs help, to be able to cope in a healthy manner rather than destroying people, relationships, the new business, her family, and herself.
There's a tribe of people on this planet that do not even have numbers in their language.
You have shown your interest in an irrefutable, honest, vulnerable way. You haven't acted "cool" or fake. You've been sincere. Additionally her friends thought your reaction was heartfelt and sweet as well. Female friend validation means more than guys realize. She wouldn't have given you the compliment if she wasn't open to the idea, that is a "signal" that guys typically miss. So yes, go interact with her directly, she'll appreciate your responsiveness and being forthright. She also, believe it or not, will be just as nervous and embarrassed as you are. So ignore the butterflies in your belly, or share them with her! ;-) The worst thing that can happen is she isn't available, but you can't find that out without trying, and practicing this is helpful to make it easier and easier.
Carcassonne is a tile draw strategy game, but the random isn't significant compared to the strategy of placement. There are also limits which reduce randomness. Linkme: Carcassonne PS: Oh it shows as paid, I got it free, must have been Amazon special.
Or borrowed a phone.
Along with the stop hand gesture, if standing while conversing, step forward a bit, folks will give you their attention. Online I get talked over, so type, it gains more authority written than spoken.
Rather plug in a battery maintainer/low amp trickle charger designed to keep your battery charged and not having to deal with losing your radio presets/stereo lockout/alarm reset. Note you also don't need to buy a new battery OP, just charge your discharged one (unless it was beyond it's service life to begin with).
Write a sexy note. Sext. Leave a Post it somewhere like his unoerwear drawer with a suggestion. Leave the chocolate syrup bottle on the bed, or substitute with whatever your kink is. Oh! Write it on your belly with lipstick so he can read in the moment!
Aren't they currently in the process of updating the store and payment options? Things might be funky in the meantime. They said the new store would be more streamlined and support more payment options.
It has other symptoms, such as mixing up sequential directions, having issues with numbers and math, and orientation impacts which would be significant for a blind dyslexic. They can also hear things out of order. An ex discovered their dyslexia as an adult, not from reading symptoms, which were the least of their symptoms.
Except kids' sugar cravings correlate to skeletal growth, as tastes change when bone development is complete.
Sometimes flattering, sometimes tiring, sometimes irrelevant, sometimes annoying; then when older and it happens less, sometimes depressing, sometimes a relief...
Nah, if you want to try it in the future, feel free; but it's not as challenging as some of the other classes, and doesn't seem nearly as popular as other paid for classes.
Court records take care of that for you. :-)
For me, a big deal, I'd pick up a couple smoke alarms, and I also own fire extinguishers. They are all relatively cheap. Don't forget renters insurance too!
I believe it's been said no raise by end of year. I don't have a source. You don't need to buy anything post HD, the epics alone will take you to 100 and then some (as they did prior to Eastern Gondor) and are free. That said, there are skill points to be had from purchased quests. Eastern Gondor feature three group instances and essence armor if you do T2 content. They have yet to add another tier of crafting since 95 cap. Nothing says they'll ever raise it again necessarily. Currently their priority is moving and merging the servers in the new facilities.
I'd use cheesecloth.
I think of it another way, would I pay $3,000 for not having my wife's space invaded, and her pleased rather than bothered? Every time there's something misplaced in the bathroom, every time you go to use it but a "stranger" is there instead, each time it smells, every time you clean the toilet, every time your toothbrush is not where you left it or wet for unknown reason... Every time your wife returns to the bedroom and instead of having her shoulder slipping out of her robe as she flirtatiously glimpses to see if you are watching, instead she brusquely enters with a big eye-roll. Don't worry, your son will very happily live in Mexico as an adult, rebelling from your plans for him. ;-) Also, consider a male tenant, rather than someone you are more likely to sleep with perhaps? (Unless you are bi, in which case any gender of tenant in your space would be a potential threat to your marriage.) Many people want a hope to be a sanctuary away from others, so inviting others into their space is the exact opposite of their desire, is it worth a few thousand to disrupt that?
It's not well made, the optimal strategy is to not play properly. Instead you raid others in an unbalanced fashion to gain resources, then make your resources available to others as there's a detriment/cost greater to defending them. A well made game is balanced, has challenge commensurate with reward, and achieves most gains through play rather working outside of the system.
He might not be intentionally manipulating you, but the result is you are being hurt regardless, isn't it?. This has nothing to do with being emotional (although female orgasm triggers hormones that signal attachment/bonding/love), and everything to do with his horniness, when satisfied, he has no craving, after a time, he comes to get some. Which leads to the topic at the core of this. Respect. He's using you. That's fine, it can be nice to be "used". You are using him too. However if the dynamic is destructive to you, rather than rewarding, and it's impacting your emotional health such that you are posting publicly about it, I'd stop entertaining him sexually. The other reason is while it might be lovely to have a convenient guy satisfy you sexually despite the emotional cost, are you dating? Having one-night stands? Getting your groove on with others? Trying to meet someone who is available rather than married? My guess is you are focussed on him rather than being focussed on your own relationship future. He's got a relationship already. You might want to find yours? That way you can have all those good feelings most the time without the regular bad. Balanced relationships aren't only about sex, but shared values and respect as well. Please respect yourself?
The engine or passenger compartment? AC available or not? If the latter, open windows, drive with hands deflecting air inward. When temp roughly matches outside, close windows, run air conditioner. (Also generally cheaper/more efficient to use ac at highway speeds, open windows at street speeds.) If the former, presuming there's coolant, run the engine and travel downhill so air passes through the radiator with heater on and fan high (the heater core is just a small radiator in the passenger compartment). Turn off extra accessories like AC that put load on the engine.
There are lower level essence gear drops if you run group instances, particularly larger sizes, but it's not worth it as you level up, you replace gear so quickly. There's also essence armor at the skirmish camp guys starting at level 95, but again, not worth it as gear drops from level 100 instances will be better stats (teal 100s blow away 95 essence purples). Once 100, do tons of Battles to get FA symbols and essences as well as essence ring (two flavors). I'd just vendor trash lower level essences. Note the may expand the system to more lower levels in the future.
*hugs!
You don't mention what class you are but be aware some don't want to Imbue, as it's a detriment to those classes. Some dps classes benefit, but check what legacies are lost beforehand.
Just stick the peeled sticker on over lingering adhesive to pull it off. Price stickers are designed to not be easily removable to prevent people switching them. But it's become routine, peel, press back on and pull off again, done, no biggy.
Simon says be quiet and let me read Reddit in piece...true sentiment the world over.
They'd go by keys returned here as you had control of the property until then and presumably had paid through then. If you only paid until the 15th, that would be awkward, but the argument could be made from when keys were returned I'd imagine. So through June 30th is sounds like, by this upcoming Wednesday.
A check isn't a payment. It's a promise to pay. Not until it's cashed or cleared have you been paid. But the tenant would obviously have expectations based on what you tell them. So simply let them know when you want occupancy and return any excessive checks.
With reliable fast wifi.
A problem is although they might be less likely to burn (UVB rays), cancer is still an issue (both UVB and UVA), but it can be harder to see a dark spot on skin that's already dark sadly. So catching melanoma on black skin can be trickier.
A lot bought them but didn't keep playing them. They were all over when they first came out. They seem less popular than the other pay for classes. I only played one through Bree content and did not find it particularly challenging/fun. If you want to tank, go guard or cappy, if you want to heal, go mini or rk, if you want a wanna-be-cappy without the pet or complexity, but better dps, go beorn.
Spec matters, burgs are also not one of the easier classes, they have really high dps, but you have to know which skills to use when and have legacies to support them. Most don't maximize their burg's capabilities. There was a time they were weaker compared to the op they used to be, which was complained about as low dps despite having some of the highest in the game. In regards to pvp, which isn't my focus, burgs also have a lot of survival skills.
Go back to your levelled up characters and develop them so you can do the new t2 instances, then do them. That said, I loved sneaking past things on my burg, but can't complete slayer deeds that way, or the new kill things while you are there style of quests.
In a nearby state, women may display their nipples in public. In my state men's nipples on a woman have to be covered. If they didn't have nipples, they could legally reveal their breasts. In Maine two women were released for completely nude jogging, as their genitalia can't be seen, so unless that law has been rewritten since the court case, only men are prohibited from nudity there, unless a nude woman spreads her legs while contorting her body to reveal her bits.
And note it's not actually double. They subtract a number from the total and label them "bonus", and just double that portion. That said, it's the most cost effective way to get points aside from buying the larger package sizes. There is a spreadsheet out there that shows how many points per dollar each package gives.
Yes. You also don't need to buy all Gondor regions, just East Gondor has group instances, and the epic quests are free and get you to 100 partway through, but you want to complete them for gear and story anyway.
Generally only dps classes are worth Imbuing. Burg is not though. Guard not, mini not... Hunters seem to like it...
You are over a decade behind. That's when I removed such from all my properties and no tenant has mentioned the lack.
You've gotten great specific articles of clothing advice. Here's some philosophical, look at what the employees in the positions above yours are wearing, and dress for your future career position so managers "see" you as advancement material already. In a jeans and t-shirt freelance environment I wore slacks and button downs with casual shoes but was awarded more work than my compatriots without alienating them.
They are there under "Multis" in RedditIsFun. It's a reddit feature apps support.
Go to the police. You want to report the texts so there's a record when things get worse. If you don't establish a record now, then things get worse before they get better. Police isn't a huge step, they are the first step. You can't progress if you don't take that first step. Also, it helps your brother if he gets treatment. Obviously you don't owe him anything (he owes you restitution for abuse) but protecting yourself and aiding his therapy in the process doesn't hurt. So don't hate yourself for being a victim, aid yourself by not being a victim and go file a police report. That will also help others he'll try to victimize in the future.
It depends how you trait and set up legacies, that's why you get varying info. High single target DPS. CC (crowd control)--very useful in Dome. The longest stun in the game too, although max three targets on that one. Debuffs/buffs, one burg increases the DPS of an entire raid group. Last night in T2 RC, my burg was credited by the captain tanking as the reason we survived. Healing. New with trait trees, ruined by Imbuement, a burg can heal groups in one traitline by dedicating two legacies to it. I've been called on to heal groups more than anything else recently. Note that last is not well known, so groups won't expect it. So basically they are like captains and lore-masters rolled into one.
If they've reached that point, I'd replace them, although if they were rubber for safety due to lack of cage, that might not be prudent.
Don't know about your area, but 20% off sale on Aqueon heaters per the link a couple locations at least (mine and whatever it came up as). Blasting sand for cheap substrate perhaps? Craigslist or eBay for stands if you don't mind used.
That almost never happens for folks leveling up their first characters I've seen. It's folks who group lots at level cap who have spare ixp runes to hand down to levelling alts who may experience that. And since Imbuement, the ixp tends to get saved for that investment, rather than get handed down.
...forgot where they put the key.
Filter intake(s) protected to avoid shrimp going in?
1) Random. 2) I know **Defense** first wave (same both sizes): "Beasts of Harad", "Awash with Flames", "Epic Foe: Raghathai, Faramir's Bane" **Defense** second wave: "Despair in the Streets", "Rain of Death", "Epic Foe: Ahârtal, Hand of the First Blade" **Hammer** first wave: "Epic Foe: Ughash the Unslakable", "Drums of War" **Hammer** second wave: "Epic Foe: Masorgh, Cleaver of Heads", "A Brutal Reversal" **Hammer** final wave: "Broken by Fear", "On Black Wings" Hammer Fellowship, I don't recall when "Up from the Depths" occurs or if it may occur at different stages. 3) Each quest says 30 seconds to defeat epic foes (regardless of size). 4) Not that I can think of, timing of waves is what I look for (currently reset a timer on Hammer for the initial several minutes afk wait), note Defense can be sped up initially by killing incoming MOBs w/catapult, three shots to get side quest nearly right away. Ditto when phase shifts to second wave. Timing of final trolls' arrival would be nice too if they are consistent (don't know if timed or kill based), it doesn't seem to matter how long you take to kill them. Note also larger group sizes have longer (more kills) waves before switching to next phase.
The cool part of being an adult is not having to embrace those who disrespect you, rise above, treat her with respect in the future, but get a hotel room if you ever visit again, rather than staying in a toxic environment. She also might be jealous of your healthier relationship if her laments of her relationship were truthful rather than just for manipulation. In the future, don't let someone hurt you so much it results in tears though, that is not okay!
What's the surface it's on? If Sharpie, cover with dry erase marker and simply wipe off. If paint, Goof Off Pro, which will remove latex paint underneath too, but not oil.
It's not normal, she is inserting herself into your personal relationship for her own reasons, regardless of what they are, that's intrusive, disrespectful, manipulative and breaks trust. The result is you'll hide info from her and distance yourself to protect those you care about. Distancing yourself is appropriate as you become an adult and leave your nuclear family to forge your own family, but teen years are early for that separation to be forced upon you. I'd simply let her know that she has lost your trust due to divulging your private life and creeping on you and not being sisterly. She might provide more respect after that, or will continue to not be worthy of trust. My condolences.
First I make sure they put money down. It's like dating, everyone says they want it, but do they call later? If they are invested, then spend your time/energy on them. If you have multiple viable contenders, choose which is most qualified and likely to stay longest. Roots/family in the area helps. If both equal, whichever communicates clearly/with least confusion. That'll be helpful down the road. The one I reject gets their deposit returned and nothing more than, "My condolences, we went with someone else." I've never been asked why, and would not answer...actually was asked once, which led to fruitless pleading. Don't give a reason for them to plead, or tempt any perception of discrimination by avoiding the circumstance altogether. When the answer is others were picked, it makes it not about the applicants, but beyond their control.
Don't move in the acid to prevent damage. The MOBs will come to you. Standard formation, dps and healer behind mobs close to tank, who should be the only one taking damage. If your tank is inexperienced, their only job is to get all adds on them and position so mobs' backs are toward group (can't parry/block attacks from behind). As I recall there are punts there, but to heal you shouldn't need to move other than regain line of sight if lost. Then stop and acid damage stops. The hunter should not take any damage with nothing hitting him/her and not moving. Finally great job doing that well on a six person sized instance. Generally when folks under man a larger instance they set it to a lower level than themselves. PS: When you get past Maze and do Thadur, get ready to learn about reflects, especially your hunter.
Yes but the liability of stairs is if the tank gets kicked up can reset the fight. Also requires the tank to move more to pull anything from you. Since adds will be drawn to the healer (especially if any HoTs are active), the tank wants to be in range so they can immediately pull those adds so the healer doesn't get hit. You'll find it both easier and harder with more people, you'll be able to complete the fight, as you'll have enough damage that the incoming damage won't last too long, but you'll also have more people all over the place pulling MOBs all over the place, heh. As long as the three of you are coordinated though, it'll be fine. PS: I forget if the adds have orange induction circles before you get punted? If so, simply interrupt that so it doesn't happen! Whenever you see an induction ring, be it orange (bad/damage incoming) or green (healing MOBs), interrupt it should be instinct.
Nah, assassin snails won't eat shrimp generally. I've read a bunch of posts and other forums where folks say it both ways. Shrimp are fast enough to escape, but someone witnessed it, shrimp also might eat snails (if it dies presumably). If you have plants and java moss or floating plants with roots for baby shrimp to hide in, that's where they'll be, safe. There should also be enough that were one or two lost to a snail, it won't have a major impact on shrimp breeding. More likely, you'll never see any loss of shrimp to a snail, but some individuals have, so it can happen. I wouldn't use it as a factor to not have an assassin snail take care of a snail problem.
If something repeatedly breaks, I replace it with a different, hopefully more reliable style, only the same if I know it's not a fluke. Yes you repair stuff, that's what you are getting paid for! If it's due to tenants' intent/control, then they repair it. Which brings us to the car. Yes, their responsibility if they knew the regulation, but your responsibility to inform them beforehand or asap. See something that conflicts? Notify, then if not remedied, can pass on fine.
Everybody knows why, because there is no other alternative.
I can provide odds of 100% return of the price of a ticket by not buying. (Do this every lottery, putting the proceeds into an interest bearing account, reap the hundreds of dollars of guaranteed rewards.)
More like math tax, there are idiots who can do math after all, and folks who don't do math who aren't idiots.
My suggestions, leave the algae in place for them to eat. Nitrates were zero?? If not, prepare with a water change to lower before leaving. It doesn't sound like you have enough fast growing plants to handle nitrates themselves.
There'll also be new instances with new gear. There has always been new gear (or why raise the level?). Hopefully there'll be new "8" essences. The good news is your old essences won't "poof", they'll still be there doing their job. You'll j´st be able to obtain potential better ones to grow your character. Remember each level increase reduces your effectiveness do to the formula involved in stats. That's why it takes longer to kill something when you go up a level with old gear. Remember base stats don't increase beyond level 50.
Whichever is shown topmost to you if you've never logged in before. The reason is that is the "recommended" server which changes as they adjust things, and gets the most new players. It was Crickhollow last I knew. This way you have most other new players to share with, more runs happening of your level, most chance of finding leveling partners if desired, kinships based on leveling, more low level crafting resources/support available on auction hall, etc.
Generally ten per gallon is a recommended limit that some consider conservative, but if you add ten, which will breed, you'll have way too many in short order. I went with two of the same sex to avoid breeding. PS: This presumes it's completely cycled, which I'm assuming given the snails. PPS: I used crushed lava rock as gravel substrate to have enough surface area (it's porous) for a thriving bacteria colony to act as filtration.
See my other reply, is your jar cycled? That would be the first step to avoid harming animals.
Rather than succumb to presumptions, interact with her to see what the scoop is and how things go. If she tells you she can't/won't do something, respect that, not outside sources of info/misinformation.
Just try it, there are many new players starting up currently on the top of the list recommended server. You can freely answer most of your questions. End game has myriad options, including group instances, with new ones on the horizon with next update. Battles that can earn some of the top gear solo/duo. Do not start playing lotro for pvp, it's pvmp is limited and not a major focus given the Tolkien lore about "fellowship".
It depends what language their parents use, sign language is not universal the world over, there are different sign languages. So their thoughts would be represented by the sign language of their culture, after images.
"I'm sorry, circumstances have changed, I will not be available to date." If you'd like to soften it, "...my condolences." (Use "condolences, not 'sorry' as the later often carries a connotation of blame/responsibility." If he asks about rescheduling, "No thank you." If he texts further, "Please refrain from contacting me." I recommend not blocking so there's info on how he responds, but some choose to. Note no explanations are needed for someone you haven't invested in yet, however social responsibility and helpful communication are why polite customs came about rather than leaving someone mystified at a sudden lack of response or worried about your well being.
What's in the tank? Which type of test are you using (strips are notoriously unreliable). How strict are you about testing and materials? A youtube video a couple guys tested a bunch of expired drop tests with their local aquarium club, turned out user method affected results most. Notice the scale of the test for nitrates means you can add a lot without it changing much (going from 30 ppm to 40 ppm will still be red; going from 40 to 50, red; 50 to 60, red, 70, 80, 90, 100, 110, 120, all still red, it's not until 160 there's a color change). Compare to nitrites where a fraction of a ppm provides a different result. You want to see ammonia going down, I had to add ammonia daily when my cycle got going to bring it back up from 0 until nitrates showed up. So it sounds to me like you have the second type of bacteria converting nitrites to nitrates. It sounds like you have some level of the first bacteria that would convert ammonia to nitrites. The question is what is putting so much ammonia in the water? You might just need to wait for more bacteria to develop to handle it (presuming you aren't adding ammonia) or add something that'll help consume it (marimo "moss" balls are actually algae that consume ammonia, just like some other algae). When you say ammonia isn't decreasing "very much", how much? Is it going from 4 to 2, or 2 to 1, or just 1 to 0.25?
They forgot, "**No** customers".
None of my cars ever have, nor currently do.
Scratching was found to break nerve endings, relieving the sensation. Slapping will obscure the original message for the duration of the slap sensation and after effects, but the nerves will still be there to send the itch sensation afterward.
Sounds pretty cool ultimately, but yes, five millimeters a year, however... &gt; any other moss "Any other algae"? ;-) But that would be growing "up" rather than "out", as the algae's filaments spread, which might make it hard to direct growth where desired? I'd imagine it easier were it a moss rather than algae. Although I love the delightful irony of carpeting a tank in algae, which more typically is considered undesirable. PS: Now that I think of that, it would have to be taken into consideration particularly if spot treatment were used in the tank.
First invite without contact first, I just decline, only cursing if the popup interfered with what I was in the midst of doing. Second invite without contact I contact them asking them to stop. Third invite I'll notify them my next reaction will be to report them (as they are likely harassing more than just me with this behavior). Finally I'll report them if appropriate, in my half a decade of playing, it's never been necessary. Only once did it get to a more involved stage. Note also, many younger children play the game with various levels of parental involvement, and a fair number of less computer savvy older folks too, so communication helps resolve many of these issues. If someone acts surprised at my reaction, I explain it's rude to interfere with someone else's play experience with popups, and IMing first to let them know what you have in mind is polite. Then they also have info that might make them interested, rather than being turned off by the equivalent of street harassment.
And it's back up!
They did post on the forums logins will take a while to clear up, I'm not far away and first login was slow.
They've brought worlds back up again... "All LOTRO worlds are once again available. Thanks for your patience."
And I got stuck trying to open an instance, 15 minutes ago they reported, "We are continuing to investigate reports of login and performance issues." At this rate I'm imagining more down time tomorrow perhaps?
From Frelorn, "We believe we have found a fix for the current login and latency issues that players are reporting with the game. However a hotfix to the game will be required. In order for us to do this we will have to build an update, deploy it to our test server, and test it extensively before we can release the fix to the live servers. This means that while we will continue to try and mitigate any issues that occur tonight, we will not be able to deploy a fix for this issue until sometime tomorrow. We do understand this is not an optimal solution, however right now this is the only option we have. This issue was something that for whatever reason, did not appear on any of our tests including the live testing we did on Bullroarer. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause players."
Make other plans, or accept him for who he is. If you try to change him it won't stick and you want to find someone you are compatible with, not someone you'll be in conflict with. If he's as interested in you as you are in him, he'll reach out to you. If not, you'll be glad to have discovered this sooner (although it'll hurt tons in the short term) rather than later. Also explore "love languages", he may be demonstrating his love for you in a manner you aren't recognizing, rather than through this one you are expecting.
They'll be putting a potential fix on Gwaihir at noon EST (so downtime for maintenance then), which means waiting to observe results before attempting the same on other worlds if it works.
There was a how to in a book of "sneaky feats" I had as a kid, take an old empty check register, a strip of gauze cut to the size of a stack of bills, I think they used rubber cement as the glue applied to the register stubs, gauze set there, then stack of money. Once dry you can tear out bills like checks.
~~We can start patching w/the hotfix at this time apparently (it's just one small file).~~ We can log in now! (Took a moment for me.)
Bummer to hear. I lost one of my first shrimp to a preexisting bacterial infection I was too new to recognize I believe. Don't be too upset, we deal with so much info to start it's easy to be overwhelmed and not see things. http://www.shrimpcorner.co.uk/blog/post/18-common-freshwater-shrimp-disease-treatments Check section 9, it mentions formalin as a possible remedy, but you've already done the important part, isolate the affected shrimp so fungal spores don't get to others.
It's fully cycled when 4 ppm ammonia is fully processed in 24 hours. That means after adding the ammonia, 24 hours later there's 0 ammonia, 0 nitrites, and nitrates are so high off the charts they are toxic. Then you do a complete water change to safely add animals. So wait, you detect nitrates? That's good, they you remove via water changes. It sounds like you have the first type of bacteria but not a full colony of the second yet. If you do anything to reduce nitrites in competition to the bacteria, it will inhibit bacteria development. Also high levels of ammonia will too (bacteria like good water conditions too). I would do frequent small water changes to keep levels reasonable until it's cycled.
Follow the manual, all my cars have instructed to put a good front on the rear, and the donut on the front to not damage the differential. Damaging the differential is VERY expensive and their is no practical benefit to not butting the donut spare on the front unless you have a front wheel drive differential. If you have awd or 4x4, follow the manufacturers instructions.
I did this, but we failed to dictate parameters of the timeframe to accomplish it. My closing stretched out months as the seller's eviction process was delayed by vacations and the like. So if this is the course of action chosen, be sure to anticipate a seller wanting to collect another couple months of rent once they have a buyer hooked on the line.
Erm, what am I missing? I googled a bit and recent articles talk about a historical chemical that seems to have no bearing on either product now. Googling Teflon Always just results in this thread.
Vodka, no. Rum, always. Whiskey, always.
Helm's Deep is desired as there are seven skill trait points tied up there, the epic story isn't free through there, and five Battles are unlocked. There also isn't an alternative leveling region. (Battles give most xp, best jewelry aside from crafted essence at cap, and essences and FA symbols.)
It's likely they can't afford the maintenance, hence selling what should be a profitable property. You have three choices, two practical ones, move, or stay anticipating the first thing new owners will do is roof repair. The third is forcing roof repairs with the current, but that might be trying to get blood from stone. They wouldn't have offered you out of your lease (which they have broken by the way) if they could keep generating money. Or they perceive it as advantageous to sell. So, wait in bad conditions in hopes of new management improving things, or bail for better ground? Suing in the meantime won't fix the roof or speed the sale or get you moved any faster, but in the long term might financially benefit you. Edit: On second thought, suing is likely to just reach a settlement of letting you out of your lease as already offered.
*shrugs, that's just folks poor/unprofessional communication skills, much of the public has them, it's not relevant to the circumstances if you can separate your emotional reaction from your decision making process.
Might it be cheaper to invest in a bucket or two? Four-five five gallon ($3) buckets fill a 20 gallon. Shrimp like consistency, so usually treating what you have reliably is best. What is your tap water like, and what are you considering as an alternative? Are you planning on plants as well? Generally shrimp (and snails) like 6-14 degrees GH (general hardness, aka 100-250 ppm), and 3-15 dKh (carbonate hardness, aka 120-300 ppm). Total Dissolved Solids (TDS) around 80-200 for neocaridinas and 140-240 for caridinas. Note adding things can affect pH, so be sure you know and understand water chemistry beforehand!
I would respond with a letter warning that notice on the 20th will mean 30 days expires Feb. 21st, and offer to prorate Feb. to just three months. This makes the point about notice, sets foundation/expectation for potential deposit reduction, and gives you solid info to work with.
My insurance policies.
A toxin wouldn't be likely to cause an "ever decreasing" number, but rather a sudden die off. A symptom described like that sounds more like a health issue or disease to me.
Sound good! RemindMe! 2 Months
My tanks are low tech with predominantly slow growers, I'm not a good resource regarding dosing I'm afraid. It would depend how long their carcasses were left in the tank and how much of that time they were decomposing. It's good to remove dead bodies asap to avoid an ammonia spike. It does take hours for any ammonia to be converted to nitrites, and then again, more time for it to get converted to nitrates. But would be a drop in the bucket for such high nitrates. When they are that high, you can have twice as much, or three times and still read in the red.
Sounds like a form of focussed meditation to me.
Prior to learning language, images, then later sign language or whatever language learned. This is why it was so hard to teach Helen Keller, getting her mental associations to relate.
&gt; New question: Should I be concerned about these possible copper pipes? No. (OK, technically you could get trace copper in hot water left sitting in pipes. But we don't use hot to cook our shrimp, and hot typically has to run a while to get to us, which flushes out the pipes. Also what do you use to treat the water, does that product mention neutralizing heavy metals, that resolves any copper question. But copper pipes are everywhere, including in brand new homes with mainly PEX tubing for plumbing, and has no negative impact on folks' shrimp.) We obviously have limited info here to guess from, high nitrates is obviously a problem that can be improved, changing in dosing could have had an impact especially given the toxic environment to begin with, "rocking higher nitrates for a very long time" isn't a good thing, it's a bad thing that was causing more damage the longer it went on. A human on their death bed is more likely to die the longer they are there, rather than recover, something as simple as a common cold can exacerbate problems. Shrimp don't adjust to higher nitrates, they barely survive in a depleted condition, with shortened lifespan. I'll never know what happened to your shrimp. I do know future shrimp will have stronger constitutions if nitrates aren't poisoning them, enabling more likely survival of other changes. I do know fish stores, shrimp breeders, and healthy shrimp with copper supply pipes (and some products containing trace amounts of copper even). Look toward things that are known to have an impact, rather than red herrings that everyone has without issue, would be my suggestion. Also falls under fix what you do have control over.
Vice-versa, the though currently makes him sick, he's seeking a way to alleviate that, reframing it as desirable changes the emotional and resulting physical impact. Learned/associated "emotions" are not natural reactions, and a change in perspective results in different hormonal delivery.
First, ask for the doorknob to be changed with the justification that otherwise your insurance doesn't cover you. If refused, then offer to swap out the lock as a compromise, with receipt for purchased provided for the landlord to write the expense off on taxes. If refused, provide a written statement for the landlord to sign that they will be responsible for replacement of your possessions in case of theft, fire, or any otherwise insurable loss. Ask for proof of an "umbrella policy" as their homeowners won't cover your belongings. Finally, the contentious way to go about it would be to have a locking doorknob installed and reduce your rent by the amount (providing invoice). In the meantime, take pictures to document belongings! Note, it is reasonable and customary for the landlord to have a copy of the key to be able to manage the property and in case of emergency.
http://scarleteen.com/ is a great resource to educate yourself.
If you haven't played since Friday's fix, things have never been faster. I imagine they'll continue to tweak, but this weekend was a dream.
Likely compiled mostly from [these forum posts] (http://shrimpkeepersforum.com/forum/topic/5052-shrimp-diseases-and-diagnosis/) in case that one goes away in the future. Just want to get these resources more available.
It sounds like they were not without services but made their own choice to avoid a smell. If circumstances forced them out, then there'd be reason and insurance would cover a stay. I doubt your insurance would cover an inhabitable house, so no. Their choice is beyond your control.
Find and join some leveling kinships, let them know up front you want to find a good match so wish to try them out for a week and maybe move on, to return to them if that's ok. Think of it like dating. You want to find a group of folks that share your values, playtimes, etc. Ask questions of potential kin invites, then see how they function. Lotro-wiki is your friend, bookmark it. Plan out what crafting you take, a lot say take Explorer as first but I have no explorer so can make more stuff with fewer characters. The game drops best jewelry from Battles every five levels. Best armor from instances. It takes a ton of resources to craft sets of those. It take one to craft a weapon and you'll do that your whole game. Consumables like food, scholar scrolls, hope tokens are in constant use. Join instance runs when you see them offered. Let them know you are new and need to learn. Keep joining them as you level up. At level 20 Great Barrows Maze opens up, 22 GB Thadur, 24 GB Sambrog. Consider getting the Stone of the Tortoise if you truly like to take your time and challenges. You out level areas otherwise, which lets you move on, but can be too easy/boring without the challenge. Speaking of which, too hard? Come back to that in a level or two. Too easy? Do stuff up to four levels above. More than four and Deflects kick in, which is a jump in difficulty. Careful about time sinks, be sure what you are pursuing is fun for you and gives you a return on your time investment.
I look for a neighborhood where I'd want to live. Expect more turnover and vacancy than that, budget for even worse. Note not just do you lack the income while a unit is vacant, but have added expense of heat, electric, etc. Higher end tends to have more reliable tenancy in my experience. Renters aren't the home buying types generally, I've only had one couple go that way in all my years. Move outs happen due more to relationship changes and loss of income in my experience.
Bingo, the key to manipulating people is to make it seem they are choosing the best option for them, regardless of it also being the best for you. Presenting the options to them makes them feel in control. (They also might not realize how inexpensive this security is, and just assuming a locksmith is needed costing hundreds each, rather than a couple screws each.)
Yes, they revamped all epics to be soloable and now design them as such. Some give you an "Inspiration" buff in early levels, later you can choose group or solo versions of instances. There are none that can't be soloed on level or even four levels below if geared and know what your doing. Helm's Deep gets trickier for some, but that's 85-95, should know what your doing by then.
I guess she'd had enough of his premature expiration?
Heh, algae ball beard.
If you don't have a useful turkey baster or equivalent, can corner them with to end of some tubing. Barring that, I'd lower the bag into the aquarium so they can swim out themselves. There'll be little water exchange between bag and tank that way. You could also add extra water to the bag to dilute ammonia that's built up in it. Also could do a water change if ammonia bag water gets in your tank. Could also test it for ammonia beforehand, it might not be high enough to be an issue compared to smoothly transferring shrimplets.
Mastery doesn't have diminishing returns like crit. Once you start to get them high, I found I got 3% more damage from another mastery essence compared to 1% crit. I'd rather have another 3% all the time, rather than a tiny boost to infrequent hits.
There's only one primary English designated EU server remaining as I recall, the other is RP designated so not as popular. So unless you'd prefer one of the other languages primarily... ;-)
First relax, don't create a problem where there isn't one yet! Let the man do his job! No, you aren't liable for another's actions. He is liable for his choices. Be glad he's on top of it rather than having not discovered an issue until it was cold and no heat on a weekend. At the point in time the temperature drops below 60° or so, check the time. 24 hours after that if you are without heat, ask him what the plan is, depending on that answer, act accordingly. I've provided alternative heaters for my tenant's if an extended issue.
Biofilm most likely (if it's growing on surfaces rather than sediment settling on top).
Molestation carries with it the assumption the perpetrator intends to molest. Here you have some reactions as someone molested, but the perpetrator might just have been playing, might have been coping, might just been like so many kids playing doctor who know it's a private, not public activity, which parents are likely to interfere with. Kids experimenting with bodies is normal growth, but if you were traumatized by it, or have reactions now as an adult which negatively impedes your own healthy sexuality/relationships that you can't resolve on your own, I'd get in touch with a therapist.
Are you dosing anything? Green spot algae says things are out of balance, specifically lack of phosphate per common net wisdom, so potassium phosphate is often dosed, which takes time to clear it up. Nerite snails will consume it, although they tend to be too heavy for most plant leaves. Red cherry shrimp eat algae too and are more nimble. Although you'd need to cycle the tank before adding animals (presuming there are none currently), which if you never intended to do or lack enough filtering surface area and water flow... Which brings us to, anything you know changing with the tank, or cycling it, IE, could the cloudiness be a bacterial bloom? Finally, what is the current lighting, does it have the wavelengths algae appreciate? Is it on a timer? Does it have a break in the middle of the timing or just constant? Typically reducing the duration, and having an hour break in the midst discourages algae but promotes plants (equivalent to a midsummer storm in the tropics). So regarding the green spot: food, energy, animal removal? I obviously have less of a clue about the opaqueness.
I like it, I'd lower finesse and incoming healing for mitigations. Since not a crowd control class, finesse isn't as important, you'll just swing again, but as a melee class surviving is important, you can't DPS if defeated. You also can't be blocked or parried if attacking from behind as you always should be in a group, making finesse nearly a complete waste given infrequency of evades. I have one finesse essence on my burg because if my mez fails, it's likely a wipe, otherwise I'd have none. I'd lower your incoming healing too to make room for mits. Healers are balanced to heal tanks morale pools, my minstrels Bolster Courage nearly refills a hurting tank's 40-50k morale and incidentally heals the group. Only the tiniest of heals won't take care of a measly 24k morale pool. But if you are taking a ton more damage because your mits aren't capped, then you'll be one-shot, and all the incoming healing rating in the world won't help. (We don't even in-combat rez those DPSers, as they just go right down at next big damage, been there, done that, heh, with a cappy in Dome four times a couple days ago.) Mitigation warding scrolls give almost 1500 to mits, so you don't need to be right at T2 cap, but I recommend about 1500 under, that'll bring you over cap with other group buffs. Some'll say to be over cap due to higher level bosses in instances, but I've never seen trouble this way. Everything else looks great, I'd be happy healing you in Osgiliath T2 instances with that plan. :-)
My first question is where are you in the process? It looks like you aren't at the end of cycling, or you'd have Nitrates. Have you not cycled yet? Or did you cycle and have done a complete water change? Or is this source water you are looking at considering if you should use it for shrimp? If you are seeking 100-250 for GH, you're obviously a bit too high and would want to cut it. The 180 falls within a 120-300ish range for KH. My RCH are happy w/a pH of 7.8. So, what's the context here? What's your plan?
Call them if you can during phone support hours, their support is awesome! They'll fix you up fastest. If you submitted a ticket Friday, well, it's Monday now...so you haven't even begun to wait yet. They are also overloaded with support tickets due to recent transfers. If you call, let them know to look #or and close your ticket so they don't waste time. Chat channels are not a support method, heh. In game support can't help with account issues, and close at 1:00 am /servertime, so tickets entered after then will be closed come next morn typically since the player's no longer online. Opening multiple tickets causes it to be slower, as it takes them time to find the extras and close them. So, in the future, account related stuff, web ticket for offline support or call. Stuck, harassment, gold spammer, in game help during hours, after 1 am /servertime don't bother.
Are your four live plants taking over your tank enough that it didn't get eaten? Remember shrimp are a step above algae on the food chain. Cover the filter intake with some foam or filter floss.
Do pet stores in your area do water tests for customers of samples brought in? I ask because test strips are not know for being as accurate as liquid drop tests. This would give a comparison basis and prove out that it is that hard. If it proves to be and you do want to cut it down, I'd change it very gradually, shrimp are known for liking consistent parameters rather than changes, even if the conditions aren't optimal. Dying during molting is one issue I have read from too hard conditions. If you don't have that happen, no worries perhaps?
The problem is smart guys who can build it, take care of themselves, and entertain themselves don't need week kneed folk in their lives, nor have time for them!
In my case former landlords are weighted highest, followed by employment refs., then friends more for entertainment.
Same as any baby, imagery; then the language they learn, typically sign language.
Grieving the loss of someone precious to you is something we don't do well nowadays teaching our kids. Many never learn how to grieve, and their first love lost is the first time they try. Grieving is a skill that can be improved so it's negative impacts may be lessened I have found. As such, folks responses tend to not be supportive because they don't know how to endorse a process they are unfamiliar with, and just seek to avoid the stress of the moment. *hugs
An ex questioned me after seeing me not upset in the face of someone screaming at me, to which I replied, "It wasn't about me, they were just venting".
Prime removes trace amounts of copper if there's no other heavy metals. Up to 1.3 ppm, but less if there's lead or nickel (in amounts of just ppb, that's b as in billion). I've seen some not have problems with tiny amounts of copper in things, and others say their problems were due to it. There is a specific copper removing product though.
Yes, tell the counsellor, "he recently raped me", so the counsellor knows what is being dealt with. Your are seeking support, which is good and healthy, the next step is hard, and my condolences this was done to you.
Don't give in to your own negative perspective, fight it with positive! He appreciates you despite her being around. There will always be a "her" around, only you can resolve your own issues since they are not from external sources. I agree asking him neither would help nor resolve anything since any answer still leaves you with yourself. Change the thoughts running in your head, appreciate your friend(s) and let them appreciate you. PS: Everybody is not infatuated with any one "got it all" person, as everyone has their own tastes. You might pick her, but I certainly would not. Many "have it all" types are intimidating to others, or folks can't figure out how they would fit in their life. The entire presumption is invalid, but I know that has no bearing on the circumstance of what is running through your mind. Avoiding her won't benefit anything as you'll still be with your thoughts.
It sends out tendrils, needs regular trimming to contain it/make it denser. Folks do java moss walls, tubes, carpeting, etc. Just like plants, prune for density/health. How fast it grows obviously depends on conditions, but it is known as "easy" as it grows readily in a wide range.
Nice, you and I have rather different tastes, Forochel doesn't appeal to me either. ;-) That's one nice thing about Lotro, there's different flavor in different areas so you can spend more time where you enjoy the most!
Sounds like a reasonable explanation for the bacterial bloom, awesome that is resolving itself. :-) My pause in timer/lighting is shorter than yours, just half an hour, *shrugs. Since you already have that setup, can't add it obviously. Only you know what your tank lighting can handle, would a reduction in overall time make sense? I like your plan, I have water sprite floating in mine. Note, that's a long range plan.
Gah. French drain added, sump and dehumidifier? Improvement. Remediation/sealing/cleaning? Repair. Would I break them apart? No comment? ;p If the invoiced expenses are predominantly one category, I'd put it in that justifiably.
Well, first you feed them honey to charge up. Sorry. I've been on the receiving end of the heal everything around in a giant radius skill, great for repairing stuff in Battles. Seemed pretty spammable too.
Wait, back up a moment, what are these problems? Do you have heat, hot water, and is the place sanitary? Is the roof solid and no water where it shouldn't be? Legally those types of things are what is required most places. Note that does not include refrigeration or AC. A landlord is not your husband, if you want someone to do odd jobs, hire a handyman or date a guy. If you want to make changes to a property, ask permission in writing and get approval then pay for it if endorsed. If you make changes they don't okay, expect to pay to restore things when you leave. Most only do temporary things that can easily be undone upon moving out. Your security deposit is on the line. If you have troubles talking on the phone, practice with someone to develop the life skill of being able to make a call as well, instead of being stuck only using email/text. Successful communication means meeting the other halfway, not just broadcasting at someone, but interacting with them. Sure you can document things to use against them later, but that gives an untrustworthy vibe, you also end up here, not knowing their feeling on the matter since you didn't hear their tone of voice, or see their expression of regret renting to you. So to answer your final query, there is no magic phrase that elicits a response as everyone is different and unique individuals have their own motivations. If your desired changes are not in line with their goals, that's not going to work. If your desires impact renting to future tenants, that's not going to work either. But the only folk who have those answers are them.
Fixed or added? A simple guideline is if you are purchasing new equipment, that's not a repair; if you are buying parts, that's a repair. If something wasn't there before, and now is there, it's an improvement. If the fan in the radon mitigation system needed replacement, that's a repair.
If you feel some are sparse, you won't feel HD is a slog, you'll like it quantity of quests. :-)
I'd pick the topmost server on the list if you've never logged in before. That recommended world (was Crickhollow last I knew for US) will have the most new players levelling along with you. This means there'll be plenty for groups around your level at most times.
"I'm sorry, I don't share the feelings that you seem to have. You are wonderful, and I don't want to hurt you by not respecting your feelings, or taking advantage of them. My condolences." The key is to make the problem about yourself, while boosting them, this lets you both feel good about the outcome rather than hurting more.
Ask questions of them. Then ask the same questions of their references. That's how you discover "acts" or lies. Learn rental laws, the basics at least will be online on your local legislative or judicial websites. Note it may be illegal to want "younger" as it discriminates against elderly. You may discriminate on gender only if you live there. You may discriminate on smoking. Use the court website to look up prior convictions or evictions, if available. Take date stamped pictures of all the walls, floor, ceiling, windows prior to their move in. Take pics when they move out. Take care of their security deposit professionally please.
I'm with ya', tossed in some water sprite a few weeks ago, floating, low tech, divided one into three yesterday. They all are merrily producing new leaves faster than the anubias and java fern, which each have produced one. Guess they like ammonia!? Heh. Actually, now that I think about it, the two smaller I tossed in my existing jarrarium with shrimp haven't been as happy!
That's a rough time slot, we used to have a guy who worked nights play then. How about Oceanic folk? Didn't they vote and head to a certain server?
Wasp spray isn't legal to use on people, it might even be a federal offense!
Get a therapist to teach you processing and coping skills. Processing the memories at more appropriate times will help, rather than denying them, then becoming overwhelmed at bad/unsafe times.
There are zillions of youtube videos explaining the nitrogen cycle. How long has the tank been running? If over a month and you regularly get nitrates with low to now ammonia/nitrite it sounds like it's probably good. Typically early on you have ammonia, then that lowers and you get nitrites, then those lower and you get tons of nitrates. The goal is 4 ppm ammonia reduces to 0 and all the nitrites produce reduce to 0 in a 24 hour period.
I have a sweet tooth too, dislike bitter foods/beer, love fruit, Pyrat rum some here don't like due to it's sweetness and orange note, but it has little after burn and from your description sounds like one you'd enjoy straight more. Mixed, try a daiquiri or similar. Mojito fits the bill too but only if the bar offers it/isn't busy, as it takes time to make.
Have they all been sourced from the same place/supplier? How have you acclimated them to the new conditions? What parameters did they come from? What did the dead ones look like? Odd color patches? Shell problems?
Here's my question, as your post is all about his likes/behaviors, do *you* like him? Or do you wish to reject him? Your feelings are a priority, if you like him, let him know, then he can respond instead of continuously testing, or taking advantage of your accommodating nature. If you don't want his attention, make that clear and don't allow him to be that affectionate with you.
That all sounds good to me, and comprehensive. (I had one come to me with a bacterial infection apparently, it increased and passed a week or so after living with me sadly, it's mate has lived on, others have been happy since.) Your acclimation process sounds good generally... I have had molting, with GH 6 and KH 3 (bottom end of the range), so that'd be my only guess, sorry to not be of more help.
I don't care what gender (or lack thereof) or age a partner's friends are, I trust them. If they aren't trustworthy, then they aren't my friend, much less a partner. I do want partners to have healthy social interactions with everyone, without discrimination, I couldn't fathom inhibiting that--of course priorities and boundaries exist.
Then tell him no if you want, you have all the leverage. I'd want to move out to better accommodations, so might ask to be released from the lease with full security deposit returned (in writing) if he wants to charge for a visitor. On another note, most areas require heat of a certain minimum between specified dates. If you are there come autumn, I'd send a copy of that law prior to that date.
Neither.
In the transfer panel on the launcher is a direct link to get them. They had been doing maintenance to stuff, but that should be done by now.
Investing. Law courses. This was the best I took, one night covered contract law, another night landlord/tenant, another court system, etc. Real estate. Any handyman type stuff, which is also covered by YouTube nowadays, be sure to watch multiple videos on a subject to see what others left out or are bad techniques.
Actually a sage is more like a burg, it's all about the debuffs, not like an RK. The sages utility is to reduce incoming damage so you can focus on blowing stuff up. If any skirm soldier is tanking, I'm not dpsing enough. I might give an herbalist one or two mobs, but don't know why you'd choose to swarm yours. I might do that w/my burg for positional damage for example.
I'd request a refund if there are alternative resources, as they aren't providing the product you ordered as expected (most I've seen indicate they ship the following Monday). It's good they clearly communicated the timeframes and issues, but that doesn't change that they are not fulfilling their end of the contract, it just allows you to accommodate them if desired. Worse, there's now a wider range of issues that might further delay things now, license reapplication issues/denial/shipping/etc. In my opinion, stock should be on hand, ready to go unless otherwise specified or an emergency (disease, parasites, fire, earthquake, death, theft, or other unforeseen prevents shipping). If you want to wait, it's just a couple of weeks, no biggy, in the meantime I'd double-check eBay policies and guaranty time limits, be sure nothing extends beyond a time you may make a claim. The other thing I'd do is keep a record of all transactions, download/copy/screenshot the eBay listing with shipping info detailed. If they do refund you, I'd rate them highly in communication and promptness as appropriate. If they are reticent to do so, then it gets thicker. eBay is very much on the side of purchasers, so no worries there, but that's a hard thing to have happen to a seller.
If you lower your head/shoulders with your arms outstretched, that's telling a dog you want to play. Your dog doing it is to tell you they want to play. Dogs doing it with each other are likely to play. It sounds less like your dog is mimicking his human than his human failing to learn dog. ;p
&gt; Fuck that No!
What about disease of hermaphrodites, those who have neither xx nor xy chromosomes, or extras, or have cells that are a mix of both?
Sadly the rent amount is an initial marketing point, places here that include utilities are not high enough to cover amortizing the solar cost compared to tenants just paying an electric bill. So rent would have to be well above market, reducing profitability/prospects, without a commensurate benefit. Another factor is taxes, you can write off utilities directly, which helps when there's vacancy/reduced income, a solar installation is depreciated over years. Admittedly you aren't paying when there is a vacancy, as you already paid. I'd put any solar money into capital improvements or investment in an additional revenue generating property instead.
And the smell hot hours later?
The Celts had different forms of marriage with different durations for various purposes. That always made the most sense to me. Of course Christianity then came along.
Couple other thoughts in response to your main questions. You could mix your tap w/distilled, but I wouldn't, here's why, you'd probably want more like 1:2 or even 1:3, rather than 50/50%. It's trickier to keep that consistent than distilled. Water companies also adjust according to season, rain impacts things, changing water sources, distilled is more consistent. (Note, I'm a tap user, so not just advocating what I use, but advocating what I don't.) The other reason I'm for the shotgun approach of starting fresh and taking the month or two to get it cycling before adding shrimp again, is exactly because we don't know the root cause here. But more importantly, the system should be able to handle whatever went on without breaking stride, so achieving that would be desirable as a solid foundation. Also, :-) you are most welcome! Been there, done that, know how much further insights help.
If they compensate for the delay, extra product, discount, upgrade shipping from priority to express, continuing good communication and there isn't further delay, I'd provide positive. If they simply deliver with nothing more than an apology, I'd do neutral with details, "Didn't have listed product, but delivered weeks later." With thousands of feedback, it's just a drop in the bucket, but do want to warn future purchasers. If it's a new trend, good to inform; if it's an aberration, it disappears to history.
The level 95 boost is currently on sale. Buy it. Realize it doesn't totally replace questing, the skill trait points associated with quests won't be there. I'm burnt out/tired of questing too, will never level another alt. Insights? Generally folks who power level haven't learned how to play their class, their role in a group, how to survive when things get challenging, their gear is initially lacking. The gear can be overcome, the knowledge not so much. The epic book quests give best XP, Battles give decent, skirms as well, otherwise you need others to run instances with, which can be tricky depending what levels. You don't want to do stuff more than four levels above you, as Deflects prevent hitting things and they reduce XP outside of your level range anyway. Enedwaith quests give excessive XP as it wasn't adjusted when they rescaled them. Otherwise, wait for XP bonus weekends and use XP boosts at the same time, the blue bar as well as a multiplier, it compounds with other bonuses. Finally, around 96-103, Roving Threats. Get all the quests for multiple regions. Scout where they are located one day and mark them on the plugin. Put a group together and go around doing them all without turning in the quests. Then pop an XP boost and turn them all in. You can get a couple levels in a few hours all at once. It's more when you are lower level than if you are over 100.
After Lone Lands I'd buy Evendim, that gets you to 40ish. Now go VIP, make and log in any alts you might ever want so they get the permanent unlocks. You have access to Angmar, Misty Mtns, Eregion, Trollshaws, Forochel which cover up to Moria. (Note, go to the Walls of Moria at 46 or 47 to get your legendary items to start them leveling up. No cost for this.) Buy Moria expansion. After Moria either Mirkwood or Enedwaith. Both have instances that are part of the featured. Then Isenguard. The expensive package includes level 75 instances rarely done that don't scale. If you have kin to run with, worth it. The Draigoch dragon raid is still bugged, don't bother. Then Rohan. Skip Wildermore. Buy Helm's Deep and quest all of it for five class trait points. Get help to do Big Battles for two more. I wouldn't bother buying any but East Gondor which includes the Osgiliath instances if you like grouping/running stuff. Don't need to buy Minas Tirith/Old Anorien. Far Anorien has the current end game instances.
With her, have her shut off her main breaker. Observe all your stuff working. Done. She is not paying for everything that still functions. The key is to do it with her so she is convinced. Doesn't matter what you say/test, let her. This is more about her belief than reality, and her being convinced.
Note you can't get those instances separately later, so if you want them in the future, you have to buy the more expensive package. It is a bit of a gamble if you aren't involved grouping w/folks currently.
It depends on your demographic and desire to do it yourself, Craigslist is the go to for most. Real estate agents also provide this service, typically for a one month's rent fee or thereabouts. Note your ad copy matters most to eliminate unlikely prospects and attract useful ones, then how you follow up. I find a list of features is read more than a "nice" paragraph description, it lets folks match their criteria to your unit.
You can trim it down and let it grow outward instead of up, it doesn't stay as low depending on trimming of course.
Log in daily on a lower level character that can't get legendary stuff and pop the hobbit gift. Eventually you'll get one, then more, until you just trash them when you get another. (Note the reason for the lower level alt is increase the odds by eliminating other stuff from the draw pool.)
He obviously had nothing to do with the original USB design.
I'd sell the keys slowly so you don't flood the market and depress prices, likewise there are suckers who will buy boxes too incredibly enough. Take the hundreds of gold in proceeds and buy whatever you were hoping might be in the boxes instead. Note stat tomes haven't been scaled since 85 was level cap, at cap now all total is what, just an essence or two of stat? With diminishing returns this comes out to be a tenth of a percent effect. If you do get a stat tome, I'd sell it. The exception to this is things like fate ironically, you'd never slot a fate essence, so often it's really low for most, a few tomes won't be in diminishing returns. Ditto agility for non-agil classes.
First, mits. (note T2 caps), to reduce incoming damage, rather than trying to restore a tiny bit after taking it. If you still feel squishy, evade will reduce damage more than icmr will restore, since the b/p/e/partial changes, unless the damage is tactical, which comes down more to positioning and interrupts and other issues, but simply another morale essence will do more. (I'm a fan of evade since it applies 360°, not just frontal like b/p.) finally food, are you eating before big fights? That icmr doesn't tie up an essence slot that can be used to make you less squishy or kill before your squishiness matters.
*tilts head, that's out of context for this thread, there was one that used to, their shrimp were more survivable for me than other breeders', I haven't checked in months though.
Wrong about what point, my guess? ;-) That was literally a guess, a presumption, not a point. Heh. I don't recall you providing any info on which to base my guess, I've never looked into the issues you were raising, nor really care I'm afraid; hence giving you the resources to see for yourself, since you seem to care and were testing and asking about it. Well sure, T2 instances, since other spaces don't really have any stat demands, they are designed to be accomplished regardless of gear/setup, then reward what enables one to progress. If you are just doing T1 instances, then I'd go even more for mastery, as that has the least impediment compared to something like crit, which has both crit defense and partial b/p/e minimizing it. Since T1 MOBs go down so quickly, accelerating that process offers the most gain, and minimizes needing defense, since things'll already be dead with the least amount of gamble.
I second the hatched, my guess is that momma likely already has a new saddle forming as well? They are teeny, so tiny, and clear, won't get color/markings for several days. You can have a dozen or two in your tank and no clue unless you happen to be looking in the right spot as one swims by. If you have a black foam filter, look on it for a tiny whitish/clear shrimp shaped thing that swims and moves like a shrimp. They might also be on glass where there's some algae or biofilm, or on a plant leaf, but you'll likely never spot them in moss or similar.
To them that moss isn't dense given their size, they're likely grazing and exploring happily within. I moved some floating plants to remove something and had a couple day old shrimplets flee this morn. They are so small they can hide between substrate pebbles, so there's more spots than you might imagine! Varying color depending on all sorts of things, no worries.
An unhealthy way to make a smelly mess of a formerly clean and healthy environment. "...serious gynecologic outcomes, including increased risk of cervical cancer, pelvic inflammatory disease, endometritis, and increased risk for sexually transmitted infections, including HIV; it also predisposes women to develop bacterial vaginosis (BV)" The last of those is known for bad aroma. There's a reason medical professionals advise against such. Please don't do that to any vagina you care about!
Acrylic, caulkless tub/shower surround.
Hi! You don't need to do anything special for them, they will eat biofilm that is already in your tank! :-) Even new tanks have this, so don't worry. Baby shrimplets are tiny, less than a quarter of an inch! They are clear, no color, so very hard to spot. If you are looking in the right spot at the right time you might see one move into your view sometimes. They look like teeny, tiny shrimp and move like them. :-) As for water changes, if you need to do one soon, I'd do it before the eggs hatch. Later, cover the intake hose of your siphon with some stocking, or stuff filter foam or similar in the end, it might slow the flow and take longer, but will keep from sucking out shrimplets. :-) A stocking shouldn't affect the flow much.
Remember Marimo is algae. It also is like a sponge, it's permeable, has water throughout (you squeeze them to clean them), so I'd be worried it's contaminated throughout. I'd just get a big ol' new one, rip it in half to have two, or get two new if you want them very spherical.
That's the very point, you didn't necessarily break the law. They might be enforcing five or ten miles slower than they should.
Been there, done that, quick and easy it was thrown out, but, since this became such a popular method years ago, places have been getting current on their speed studies and adjusting signage accordingly.
Give a couple choices rather than leaving it completely open, infinite choices are much harder to pick between, be nice and make it easy, chose a or b.
Tell her. She needs to know. Tell him. He needs to know (that he's broken the law distributing child pornography). Tell your parents. This is a matter "above your pay grade" so to speak. It will be up to her, her parents, him, his parents, those who received it, their attorneys, and potentially the police to decide what to do. It's better for her to be in more control rather than a further victim, let her have agency please?
Not in several states in the US, such as New York, or various countries where topless is fine. (Note private property owners may ask you to cover up or leave, but public places are fine, so stick to municipal exhibits for least issue I guess?)
&gt; Nothing is forever on Snapchat Someone hasn't been to the various NSFW subreddits with images and videos from Snapchat, or seen Tumblrs filled w/Snap images, or...
Check local PetCo. Check other local stores. You already checked Craigslist, any other social network sites that have buy/trade forums for you locally? Here on reddit, /r/AquaSwap has them occasionally. [AquaBid](http://aquabid.com) is the fastest/cheapest to order, but then there's shipping costs. [eBay](http://ebay.com) would be a bit more expensive, but you likely already have an account there.
What is your tactical mitigation? Is it maxed or over-capped? The damage is reflected as shadow damage, so that reduces it. If your mits are 1400 shy, get scrolls. CC or kite. Do less damage than you can heal back, just autoattacks if necessary, eat regen food beforehand and use morale pots alternated with self heals. Or just engage with melee to avoid the ranged reflect entirely. Those are my ideas, not experience, so see what works for you.
As soon as the legal grace period is up, or in your case, later than you've allowed previously, start! Can always not continue if they pay, but want the ball rolling if they are playing you, or can't. Also want them to know you mean business, if they've tested you in the past and found they were able to make their own rules, need to know there's a limit to how far you'll accommodate them.
I was expecting the ball to go where the black one was and them to collide right in the midst of its doing its business. *reddit-jaded
The best thing was my parents making me write out the ratios, in other words, flipped bike upside down so it was on the handlebars/seat, put the gears to be on the innermost sprockets, turn the pedals one rotation, how many times did the wheel go around? Move the chain to the next sprocket on the rear wheel, how much did the wheel go around? Etc. The hard part is there's overlap. That was a ten speed, and 1-10 weren't 1-5 then 6-10 on the other front sprocket, it was like 1,2,4,6,8 and 3,5,7,9,10 or something like that. So, once you know which of the front ones allow easier hill climbing, and which of the front are more for going the distance, you can then shift the back as needed. My routine would be start on the easy front one, and easy back, shift up the back as I got moving, then shift the front over, finally moving the back all the way. (Note you don't want the chain on the leftmost rear and rightmost front, or vice-versa, it strains going at that weird an angle all the way across.) Come to an uphill? Shift the back down one or two, then shift the front to the easier sprocket, now you can adjust as needed.
&gt; placing the animal in a trash bag out on the curb That'd be unsanitary and illegal many places afaik. Pets are typically buried a certain number of feet down and far enough away from water sources, check with your local health department for how deep in your area. If pet remains are found with trash, police may be contacted. Other options include cemeteries, cremation, or veterinary school for training students.
In an automatic? The brakes are designed to always "win" against however much acceleration, so you won't go anywhere. The torque converter is two plates near each other with hydraulic fluid between them, since one can't spin (the wheel side) while the engine side is spinning really fast, it would heat up. Do it long enough, it could overheat and warp or something. In a manual transmission vehicle, your with clutch in, the RPMs spin up freely--don't redline it for too long, bad wear. With clutch not in, engine stalls. The same way as when boys wear skirts or dresses? Lift skirt, lower undies, sit (I suppose boys could also stand if a short enough skirt).
I'd not heard of that with cotton balls, but not phased here. Yes, light-headed during orgasm happens, and more, blood pressure can do funny things. Solar system is a set of things orbiting a significant gravitational mass. Galaxy is a set of solar systems. The shellfish have different shapes, colors, textures, etc. Wikipedia claims BLT not recorded prior to 1900. Note the ingredients weren't all readily available until after World War II when supermarkets and year round produce became a thing. Check /r/bartenders where such questions have been asked before. Codpieces have been part of armour ever since it's been more form fitting, for obvious protection reasons, then aggressive reasons it's amplified. Toenails with waves might have an issue (ranging from mild to serious). Yes, somebody has the link to that epitaph, whether they see your post or not is the real question. Some fire alarms you can see the glass tube with ink in the way of the lever. It's designed to get on the hand, not squirt onto a changeable shirt. The method of delivery of soap is irrelevant for the most part, agitation does most the cleaning, surfactants help loosen material. I don't know who'd win a fight among characters I'm unfamiliar with. Spray paint doesn't like doing hard corners, it drips if you stop, also sweeping motions are easier with big arm strokes and sizes than straight lines, so gangs prefer cute girly lettering emphasizing their feminine sides.
The key part I don't see others mentioning is the clutch. In an automatic, there's no clutch, but a torque converter instead, that's two round plates very close to each other but not quite touching, with hydraulic fluid. One plate is attached to the engine, the other plate to the wheels. That's why an automatic at idle wants to move forward when in gear/drive. Give the engine gas so it spins faster, and the other side really wants to go, release the brakes so it can (or it overheats if left long enough spinning). In a manual, the clutch plate serves that purpose but directly makes contact. Push the pedal to separate the plate, release the pedal to bring it in contact, the moment of grip is called the "friction point". So pedal in, clutch released, you can spin the engine all you want with nothing happening. Release the pedal until the RPMs drop a bit and you are at the friction point, give it a bit of gas as you release the clutch pedal more to increase the friction and you smoothly glide away. Once completely through the friction point so the clutch is fully engaged, release the pedal completely. Here's the magic, once going, when you shift up, you push in the clutch pedal to separate everything and let off the gas so the RPS don't shoot up wildly, the RPMs drop about 1k, the perfect amount to engage the next higher gear without much adjustment. That's part of why it's smoother shifting at higher gears. When down shifting, you need to reverse that process, give it enough gas to bring the RPMs up higher by about 1,000 rpm, less wear to hedge on the high side, and as you release the clutch be more gradual to adjust. Practice makes perfect.
Yes it's legal, when it's yours, you own it and can use it how you wish as a spokesperson from the treasury department said. But, it would be far cheaper to sign something else that they own, rather than you paying a buck. People typically bring what they want signed to a signing, if you provide product, typically it's only worth a few cents.
Depends if they have prior rental history. If I can talk to a former landlord and it wasn't mommy paying their way, I don't care if they are 15 years old because they ran away at 13 and have been earning a living and renting since then. But if they are mid-20s with no former renting experience, I can't afford them. (Interesting example was the teenage son of a family who'd rented at my property from before I purchased it, he didn't go to college, but handled their rent w/me, and subsequently was a model tenant with his girlfriend when mom and siblings moved elsewhere.) It gets trickier with grad students because often they are from out of state, so easier for them to bail and flee the state or country. I tend to only rent to locals who have steady employment and/or family here. Does this mean I've turned away folks much older who didn't have prior rental experience as well? Yup. (When all those foreclosures happened a few years ago, there were a lot of folks who couldn't pay their bills suddenly looking for rentals, turns out they still didn't know how to manage money and pay their bills unsurprisingly.)
I'd rephrase your premise that yes, the problem is because not enough people have training to stop these types of things. America has had an extremely peaceful time period, unlike other areas of the world where mass violence is an expected part of living. Seeing armed guards strolling around airports overseas was a shock to me as a child. It's more that the problem can be curtailed by proper use of defensive tools, be it observation, communication, pepper spray, physical defense instruction, or yes, another tool. Actually the places where ownership, training and usage are encouraged, there's fewer violent crimes and other issues, but sadly more accidental issues. The good generally outweighs the bad though. You have to remember, restricting tools doesn't restrict folks bent on destruction, they use whatever tool is at their disposal regardless of legality, but if they can be stopped readily, that's useful. If you had the option of having an armed guard protecting your child, would you? If you had the option of having an armed guard protecting your significant other and loved ones, would you? If you had the option of having an armed guard protect you, would you? In America, that option exists as relatively low cost with a significant investment in time/training.
Yes, the two slot limits things a bit, especially compared to the five slot. On T1 you shouldn't be taking that much damage unless a mechanic is missed or the tank hasn't gotten all aggro.
On another note, if some blood gets elsewhere (sheets), rinse with cold water then soak in some salted water, the salt breaks apart the bleed cells so it rinses away better than anything else I've seen (and not needing to buy/stock something extra).
I stick to factual data I can back up with records in regards to that type of info. Were I sued, I'd have their account record printed out verification. Although I have yet to have a "bad" tenant use me as reference. References would be meaningless if the law required one to lie.
Apparently I'm the only one impressed, that's pretty good, we've all stood on inverted buckets, the flared walls distribute the weight over a wider area, like supporting a cinder block with a paper cup. The boards on the buckets get the force on those walls, and four of them divides the ladder weight and his between them. Nice work around with more support than needed. Stupid install location for anything when that mezzanine is right there though, I'd be taking it down to relocate.
Friend is a librarian, this is the training they all got too.
No ferts aside from shrimp waste, no CO2, in both tanks it's floating Water Sprite, in the smaller tank there's also a Pothos cutting hanging out.
Either sponge or stainless steel mesh they sell for this purpose. Shrimp like to graze on stuff that collects on sponge.
For any tank class, man, which get 5% incoming healing bonus as well as temporary morale boost--which is huge now with big morale pools. For healers, hobbit gets a play dead skill, good as a backup for the minstrel's shorter cd skill. Otherwise realize sword parry bonus is best in game, especially with the recent block/parry/evade/partials changes, so for DPS classes, man (aside from hunter, elf).
The question I searched was how high they could jump so I could keep the water level below that, but never got a decent answer. The tank w/inward sloping sides I keep an inch below the edge, the other tank a couple inches below, and avoid things close to top for them to crawl out on.
Dark substrate affects their coloration, as well as feeling secure, so no predatory tank mates, plenty of plants with hiding places, time to familiarize themselves with their environment--including stuff (you) moving outside the tank.
There are apps that do this, as well as websites, and you can just web search too.
That's not what they measured, they measured perception of flickering, like how dogs don't perceive crt tv because it was too slow, like a slide show to them. They found fly perception as four times faster than ours.
I remember another study that found fly brains aren't even involved in escaping swats, their rear legs had a direct connection to eyes, so they launched before they even knew there was danger.
I remember this, here's [the chart from a spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11ehhPPDv9rXvJHVdYICDDAn04SzMcX4EfBSIO6slFIQ/pubchart?oid=1&amp;format=interactive) I'd made of the data from 24 tweets before he stopped it, with no full explanation and not revealing the prank to them.
They found this in retail environments, a wall of products of too many flavors discourages purchases, a couple choices significantly increases sales. This is often used w/children, "Would you prefer x or y?" rather than, "What would you like to ___?", and applies to adults as effectively.
Look up PA laws for abandoned property, legislative or judicial website or old school library if needed. In my state, store a month, announce in newspaper, liquidate.
Weapon on the fives roughly. 60, 65, 75, 85, 95, 100. Class items that have percentage based legacies, makes no difference except for relics. Only rating based legacies increase w/level. Third Age items get more legacy points per ixp unless maxed. So don't get a first age until cap unless you have ixp runes to burn. Guild craft to get rep up to be able to make best crafted relics. Then craft easy relics to refine into shards. Only spend shards on making relics. Don't burn regular relics for shards.
I wouldn't invest too much in 95 armour but spend that time leveling to 100 and get crafted essence armour and jewelry, which comes with morale baked in. That'll set you up to run featured instances daily at 100 to get 105 essences in preparation for that gear.
Nothing, it most likely runs back under the floor to avoid studs and future repair access, so three more 90°s, one extra pipe length and a couple 45°s to line it up on the way. The doorways likely prevent standing outside to turn it on as you can't reach without getting in.
Lighting is a big factor, storage is less of an issue nowadays, but you still need light to get to the sensor, a bigger lens is expensive, many cameras are in places like stores with relatively low energy efficient lighting, rather than movie/TV production sets that have huge expensive floodlights and reflectors they even use during the day.
And others would say what you did, go to a local creek and collect. Plants can certainly be gathered that way (where legal). The catch with critters that way is bacteria/disease/health. A local nature center would be a good resource for local fauna (and flora) info, or extension service, etc.
Remember the person logged in and was presented with the news the leader had been gone long enough and a usurp button, it'd be pretty foolish not to push the button at that point. That doesn't mean they *wanted* to usurp, but felt there wasn't a better choice with the leader MIA.
Note cycling isn't based on time, but the size of the bacteria colony on your biofilter media/sponge...when your water testing kit shows 4 ppm ammonia is converted to nitrites and to nitrates in 24 hrs., then good for shrimp. Six weeks is an average time but it can take less or more depending on pH, oxygen, bottled bacteria, temp., etc. Your filter should provide aeration, by breaking the water's surface tension allowing for gas exchange. Note plants use oxygen in the dark, and carbon dioxide when photosynthesising, so gas exchange is important for them. It sounds like you're generally on the right track and have done some research, which tends to lead to greater success, welcome to the fun! :-)
It depends, I appreciate you don't want someone to waste their time and money or give them false hope. If they charge a fee, that'd cover it. I require a significant deposit so you would seriously want my place if you proceed. Places pushing you to apply are using a marketing technique, hoping you'll feel invested there and more likely to rent rather than continuing to look at the competition. I'd continue to be respectful as you have, when ready to commit to a place, then do it.
Squeezing a sponge would do nothing for cycling, remember the bacteria are attached to hard surfaces, not free floating (generally).
Plants, low light slow growers like anubias nano, java fern if it's tall enough, christmas or java moss, since you can't have the filter running, please don't kill shrimp in there. As it is you'll need to do regular water changes to enable gas exchange manually for enough oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Tank water from an existing tank won't do anything really, bacteria affix to hard surfaces. I'd add buy and add ammonia and bottled bacteria, keeping 4 ppm ammonia and testing regularly until it cycles four ppm to zero within 24 hours. It doesn't matter where ammonia comes from, as much as having enough bacteria cycling it away! PS: I'd remove the Purigen while cycling so it doesn't take food away from bacteria and just get used up for no purpose.
There's also credibility to be had as owner, in my case tenants appreciate the reasons I chose the property and share those values. I also am not good at lying, I've found having integrity has served me well, while those lacking tend to get themselves in costly trouble. It might seem of benefit to lie, but tenants investigate ownership sometimes (reverse phone number lookups, title searches, etc.) Especially in circumstances when there's tension/disagreement, they are more motivated to talk to your "superior". In this era of so many rental scams, I wouldn't set yourself up to appear like one of those scams, rather than simply be honest. The most recent tenant that joined me was relieved I met her, showed the property myself, and wasn't another crazy email situation she'd had too many times already.
Yes. :-) There's no reason to blow $50 if there's another place you would prefer. Landlords only want interested people rather than wasting time, time is precious.
Is it lighter substrate? Is there greater stress in the new environment? (IE no fish in previous) Perhaps they had color enhancing food before?
Well historically therapies that tried to adjust the brain to the wrong body failed miserably, while transitioning to a proper body, still fraught with issues, is less problematic. One theory I've seen is the amount of hormones the fetus is exposed to at various stages of development result in the wrong body, since we can't go back in time or otherwise magically change a perfectly fine brain, but we can adjust the body mostly, that tends to work. Here's another thought, women with female bodies aren't generally considered mentally ill despite having similar brains and perceptions. Men born with male brains in male bodies aren't considered mentally ill despite having similar brains and perspectives of male brains born in wrong bodies. That said, figuring these things out and adjusting usually involves a lot of therapy, and due to the mismatch while growing up, often depression. There are mental health guidelines (it used to be a year had to be lived passing as one's actual gender before sexual reassignment surgery would be performed, so many would fly out of the country to get surgery sooner) and practices surrounding such. Finally, who would want to lose their identity and become another person of a different gender than who they are!? Most want their external appearance to coincide with their mental self, not be someone else mentally.
Only expansions after Isengard are Rohan and Helm's Deep, the latter required for the story there, five class skill trait points from doing all the regional quests, and a couple from Big Battles. I'd suggest starting fresh characters of the same class to re-familiarize yourself then return to the higher level ones. This worked best for others returning. The best resources for trait trees are the official forums' class sections, which broke it all down.
RemindMe! 1 month "Shrimp color comparison between tanks?"
&gt; But for RCS it really doesn't matter all that much for TDS, GH, and KH. They're not too picky about it as long as it doesn't change all that much. That hasn't been my experience, nor within most care guide parameters. Osmosis. Sure, they might hang on and barely survive with that much pollution, but suffering just means it doesn't take much for them to no longer survive. Is the distilled remineralized for those changes to not alter hardness while improving TDS?
Are you familiar with how diminishing returns work? Really you don't want to invest in trying to hit caps, you want to maximize your stats, if you chase caps, you'll be very weak in many areas given diminishing returns. When they "removed caps", it was just a ploy really, nothing changed except diminishing returns prevents someone from unbalancing content (to some degree).
My bad tenants had a lack of experience, or lacked communication skills. I don't think there is a single thing that had an extremely bad/costly result that wouldn't have been prevented by a phone call. As such I can't afford to rent to certain people, and only show to people who prove they can read (or inform me they are illiterate) and follow directions.
It will never be possible devs have said. When CodeMasters setup the EU accounts, they used overlapping IDs to Turbine's accounts. So there are conflicts GALORE. Each individual account would have to be gone through manually to discover if there are conflicts, what they are, then change IDs, leading to who knows what bugs and ramifications. This is why some folks are unable to copy characters to Bullroarer, there might already be someone there with some of those IDs. It's not a programming issue as much as it is data in the database. So you can't just change programming, the data still conflicts. You should have three free transfer tokens. Crickhollow might be a good option, it was (maybe still is) the recommended server so had lots of lower level folks and regularly sees calls for instances in the 20s, 30s, 40s, Moria runs, etc. Transfer tokens are purchased. http://lux-hdro.de/hdro-live.php is the link that shows logins and that pie chart you mentioned.
Often these things have fake "audience" members who apparently sign up, so others see and feel signing up is validated. It removes an aspect of reticence.
Sloths. (And young elephants do jump actually.)
I love that nowadays people can web search, rather than their secondary source of info being whatever library staff decide to order.
Evendim was revamped, it's totally smooth and fast, just a few play sessions to go to high 30s and start Angmar/Misty/Forochel/etc. Then the big question becomes if you bother with the class quests, they used to be worth a huge trait, but now they are just one skill point, so I'd probably not bother. Since they added Deflection, level 46 is optimal for starting the Walls of Moria, 45 is a pain do to Deflects. I suggest folks buy Evendim, then go VIP for access to Misty/Angmar/FARochel/Eregion/Trollshaws/etc. You get all the unlocks if you don't already have them, plus all the other bonuses of a month of VIP and access to all those areas. Be sure to also make and log in any alt you might ever want while VIP to get the unlocks on them too.
It has nothing to do with the colors, but genetics. http://wiki.goodplace.eu/images/3/37/Neocaridina_family_tree.jpg That shows the white came from wild type, so if you mix with another color, the dominant wild genetics will show. Yellow and red won't give you orange like they are paints, but wild type. In theory, if you mix a red with a matching genetic color morph, you'd get mostly the more dominant color, possibly with a few of the other color--assuming they had the same lineage. Since you mixed red with red, you were mixing the same genetics basically, just variations.
Don't talk about the make-up, talk about how you feel hurt when you are trying to look beautiful and his feedback is negative on rare special occasions you look forward to. If you do want to talk about make-up, hair, clothing, and whatnot, ask him why he has the facial hair he does, and grooms himself certain ways or has his hair done in a societal acceptable manner.
I've seen people much older lack communication skills too. But when we start falling for someone, the critical thinking part of our brain gets blocked by hormones. He probably felt he told you, despite obviously not, or he's just rude/scared. Either way not the way to treat someone, so not the type of person you want to associate with. Grieve: cry, be angry, lonely, etc. so you can move on without clinging to the past hurts. Hopefully future love interests will have more respect for you. I've always wanted to know how someone breaks up with others before dating them, heh!
&gt; A label (like the organic food labels) that differentiates between pesticides... Erm, organic food label already differentiates, as pesticides are used on organic foods, it's just required to use costlier varieties of pesticides which often are less effective, so more pesticide may be required than non-organic labeled foods. &gt; ...and genetic modification would be really helpful. The ones that really make me laugh are "organic oranges", oranges are a complete genetic modification, 25% of their DNA comes from pomelo, and 75% of their DNA from mandarin. PS: From the Government Publishing Office, Electronic Code of Federal Regulations, you might be interested in the [The National List of Allowed and Prohibited Substances.](http://www.ecfr.gov/cgi-bin/text-idx?c=ecfr&amp;SID=9874504b6f1025eb0e6b67cadf9d3b40&amp;rgn=div6&amp;view=text&amp;node=7:3.1.1.9.32.7&amp;idno=7#se7.3.205_1602)
Mentioned above, that pic wasn't from event, but a separate photo shoot in Europe.
Rather than send two copies on one email, which she'll forward to whomever, and one person will get two copies, in the future I'd send her a copy attached to an email twice, one to each of two emails, IE: 2x. That way she has two to do whatever with, rather than a redundant one.
My guess is your tap is around 7.5 and your aquarium was 7.2 at the time of the test. It's easy when the result is in the range of the test (as your aquarium is for the low), thankfully the color range that is hard to discern is covered by the other test. Note lighting and back-lighting affect the color perceived of the tests as well. Also note pH is not fixed, it fluctuates depending mineral content to buffer pH swings. My condolences on your losses. :-( That always sucks. When are you testing that pH? What time of day are you dosing CO2? The first thing I'd check is the pH in the morning before lights come on, compared to the pH just before lights go off at night. Record this in a spreadsheet or table. Also test before you dose CO2 and compare to testing after the CO2 has been dosed. It's possible your KH is within "OK" range, some say shrimp don't need much carbonate hardness, but the CO2 is producing carbonic acid (remember although you have few shrimp/critters, plants release some CO2 when not photosynthesizing in the dark) without enough to buffer the pH. (Note I don't dose any CO2, so am less familiar, but I'd question dosing infrequently compared to regularly, if you want to underdose, if the directions suggest daily, I'd do smaller amount each morn rather than every few days. Shrimp like stability, often described as benign neglect.) That's my first thought based on the info presented, but acclimation, products sprayed in the room, substances on hands that go into the tank, water change treatments, copper, among other things, could be to blame. Note, shrimp will be more stressed from having predators (fish) in the tank with them.
Please do not eat that chair, or any chair, regardless of whether it includes paper suggesting you not eat it. Also, please do not eat that paper, even though that paper didn't come with a sticker indicating it might cause cancer in the state of California.
Along with Fetlife, perhaps look into Second Life, an online virtual world where you could actually have an avatar that is a tiny doll rather than full sized person. A fair number of people explore their sexual (and non-sexual) fantasies there, plenty of furries and BDSM and other kinks, there are avatars designed like full size sex dolls, as well as items for objectification, if what you describe doesn't already exist, you could have it created there.
Change your behaviour, let her hit voicemail more often, return the call(s) when it's convenient for you _and_ there's an obvious need. If she doesn't leave a message, don't call to see what's going on. Only respond to texts/chat/similar that require it to be polite, at a later time when it's convenient for you. Let her know about weekly date nights that you focus only on your SO and don't respond, this will help shift her expectations. Have a hobby/activity she wouldn't be interested in? Schedule a class or activity in that at a time she might otherwise take from you. If she complains, "My condolences, but much of our past relationship has been supporting you, now I need to support myself at this time." Finally stop reaching out to her completely.
FYI drip acclimation is preferred for shrimp, especially if the water conditions (hardness/pH) is very different source to tank, and to keep source water out of tank. (It's critical when shipped.) Cool, sounds like there's enough mineral hardness to buffer your pH so swings aren't the issue. I'd stop dosing the CO2 as well. Since a CPD died as well, I'd suggest there's something else going on. That said, they will of course eat shrimplets. Shrimp are a step above algae on the food chain. Yay on copper control. Argh on there not being an obvious solution. I presume the CPDs aren't gasping near the surface and the shrimp aren't sticking by the filter outflow? Speaking of which, is there plenty of surface agitation? Tall/cube tanks have less surface area for gas exchange.
&gt; That's incorrect. Someone doesn't know the laws of my state or realize the statement didn't reference lights, but those hold true as well actually. In my area you don't even need the line, sign for a stop, or a light to be legally required, just a smaller road intersecting a major road requires a stop, regardless of traffic control indications. This is also true for parking lots and driveways here. Although the subject wasn't about lights, if there is a green traffic light, you also have to stop here, unless the intersection is clear to proceed. If there is a yellow light, you also have to stop, unless one can't safely AND the intersection is clear to proceed. The law here is written such that the default condition is for there to be responsibility on the driver. If there is equipment failure (such as lights showing green every direction, which has happened), it's not chaos, the law still covers it.
They faked trying to, a bunch of paper in the color of cash covered by some cash, but the helicopter pilot misread the directions he was supposed to follow. https://www.damninteresting.com/the-zero-armed-bandit/
It's radically different than back then, there are skill trait trees now instead of the flexibility of old traits. Mounted combat. Essence slotted armour. A new raid due in a matter of days. You'll have the unlocks on your existing characters and content you purchased. You'll want to buy the expansions, Rohan and Helm's Deep, especially the latter, which contains seven skill trait points, five from the regional quests, two from Big Battles. There are five new regions after those, three Gondors (only one is needed for instances), Minas Tirith, and Far Anorien (expensive, a few instances and the new raid). Lots of folks have returned or started new recently, there were server merges last year, so things are hopping.
Call the police. Document. Look up the law in your state requiring 24 hour notice (if there is one), copy it and send it to him.
Yups, hence: &gt; Look up the law in your state requiring 24 hour notice (if there is one)...
Realize the reasons for dislike don't relate to you or your gaming experience. They were introduced at a time folks were dissatisfied with current raid content (lair raids of Rohan). The last "real raid" was at 75 level cap, w/Orthanc. Draigoch was so badly bugged it often prevents completion (and still is). So some people were already primed to dislike anything that wasn't a Rift-style lair raid. The goals and purpose of Battles doesn't coincide with former Lotro gameplay. The purpose is to put you in the role of directing the flow of battle, whether by commanding forces, directing siege fire, or whatever vanguard is supposed to do (DPS race). This is the antithesis of your character as a fantasy hero saving the world through their skills and abilities. It makes the player just another cog in a machine, another replaceable body among thousands. The skills. There was a whole new skill tree. This came right after the revamp of the old flexible trait system that allowed the player to trait however they wanted into the new rigid trait system that only allows you to conform to specific established roles the company provides for you. That drove a large proportion of the player base away from the game. So what follows that? More of the same, more skills to learn and buttons to click to gain carpal tunnel syndrome. It was also very grindy to earn those points. Force feeding. Turbine classically introduces stuff and very heavy-handedly forces players to use it. The best rewards were provided by Battles, so even if you liked them, you were forced to grind them until you hated them. Pacing. You can't start a Battle, attend to your infant, and oh wait, you've been failed out. Unlike other content, there's no way to pause the action, you have to dedicate about 40 minutes to non-stop paying attention to the game. Bugs. Deeping-coomb is still bugged such that you can't get platinum on a side quest unless you and another person exploit it simultaneously. There were many, many other bugs which have been fixed. Certain classes were unable to be effective. Got a burg? No Vanguard for you. Rote. I can practically visualize running Dike, start in Engineer, grab three items, switch to Officer, upgrade the Commander to two-handed and adjust target. Go over and place four barricades in a row. Upgrade his neighboring commander. Mount up, ride across to the middle, build a catapult on the wall, go down the rope, upgrade that commander, build the ballista, place a barricade. Back upstairs, pickup the other three items. Start the Battle to see which side'll come up. Build the catapult accordingly, ballista in case of Statue, etc. Mindless, no challenge, same thing every time. Sometimes that's what I want from a game, but those times are rare. Note, I actively LIKE Battles more than the average Lotro customer. I wrote one of the early walk-throughs of Dike. To address the complaints about not playing your character, Pelargir was changed to be totally different, it's just a mindless DPS race instead. *rolls eyes They are kind of meditative, the challenge is to be as efficient as possible for me. Since you have none of those preconceived biases affecting you, enjoy Battles! They can be a blast, exciting, immerse you in the feeling of Battle with hordes of enemy forces unlike most other areas of the game. For their purpose, they are a tremendous solution and very impressive achievement of technology for a game system never designed to have that many objects displayed at once. There's also nothing like shooting a catapult. :-)
Along with parameters (mineral hardness) others have mentioned, I have noticed RCS not surviving different conditions from their source water parameters successfully, as well as just not being as robust from different suppliers. I had better luck with a chain retail store's stock than a breeder's, in my same tank/conditions for each (in fact some RCS I also got last November are still going strong, as well as shrimplets). But it's telling to me that you didn't have any berried, it just takes a few weeks (one female molt) and one male to end up with eggs and dozens of shrimplets, so I'd question conditions. Crystals don't need as much mineral as RCS, so that jives with your RCS having troubles first and crystals expiring afterward. Are you familiar with a Salty Shrimp type product that increases GH and/or KH? Do you have a test kit for general hardness and carbonate hardness available?
The reason I capitalized the VERY in my "very illegal" was because I freaked out law enforcement a step above police working with me by suggesting "I have the keys" once. Obviously it would fall under breaking and entering, so there'd be that criminal charge, there'd likely be some investigation beyond that to determine if other charges are necessary. Your business would be potentially impacted if prospective tenants found their landlord had a record of breaking and entering. I don't know what a judge would value the security and peace of mind at... ...nevermind, now I know, as you made me curious. They get their possessions returned/restored, and may be awarded double damages and costs.
Sorry 21 year old from India, that generally can be inferred, but I can't be as open/frank publicly were I to be more specific. ;-)
Study acting, work a Renfaire, actors are hired for all sorts of rolls where you have to immerse yourself in that vocation.
&gt; life-threatening illnesses such as pneumonia Which my maternal grandmother called, "the old persons friend". My father fortunately had a DNR and living will, pneumonia didn't come soon enough, but thankfully did come. I (along with sibling and mother) were able to relieve him of his suffering then.
I use a TDS meter's temperature readout. They are just a few dollars on eBay w/free shipping and I needed one for my shrimp tanks anyway. Be sure to buy from a vendor in your country so shipping doesn't take forever.
I'm not familiar enough w/Amanos to answer that, they do seem hardier than Cherries and no breeding issue though. I did females for Cherries as they more dramatic color and harder for me to sex males when immature. (Have to be careful to not get a berried one though, or you end up with a bunch of shrimplets.)
This isn't true, texts aren't guaranteed, months ago someone I texted regularly would not receive about one a week, and vice-versa (out of dozens a day). Years ago networks seem less overloaded than nowadays. Texts are just bundled in a network connection signal, so can be dropped without repercussions. Email is more reliable, although spam filters can bury those. Actual calling and getting a response is the only way to know--or a reply to voicemail.
US, Amanos seem stocked more regularly, RCS you are lucky to find them locally. At least that's my experience, and impression from /r/shrimptank folks seeking shrimp.
Generally don't want to use First or Second Age until you have enough IXP to max them. You get fewer legacy points per IXP, it takes twice as many on a SA, and about three times as many for a FA! The relic requirements cause me to go from starter weapon to 60, 65, 70, etc. on the fives with Third Ages. At those lower levels decon trash legendaries at 31 to pull a legacy scroll and get plenty of relics. In the eighties, let the trash legendaries level up all the way to 60 and save those ~millionish IXP runes for your 100 FA Imbued. Don't Imbue until you have 9-12 million IXP ready to apply or you have a weaker item than non-Imbued. Class items depend on legacies, are they percentage based or rating based? Percentages are not affected by level, ratings are. So I'll use a 60 until cap if percents, while rating based classes I change every ten for the better relics, 65, 75, 85, then 100.
Here's the thing, you don't want to rent from someone who doesn't want to rent to you. It doesn't matter _why_, it just matters they didn't say, "yes please". Just like when someone dumps their SO, the information they give isn't the entire full story for "closure", they say what causes the least emotional angst for them while expediting the breakup, the "reason" for denial is completely irrelevant to what you want to know... What you want to know is do we pay and get keys, or look elsewhere? In this case, you look elsewhere. Everybody had different standards, your assumptions/expectations notwithstanding.
Best bet is to ask in /world at the most common time you play. This will eventually get a response from a kin active at that time. You can then ask what type of kin they are and if they have folks your level, etc. The online lists tend to not be helpful as they are too promotional, they all say their kin does "leveling, grouping, crafting, helpful, pvp, RP, events, social functions, music, etc." and they don't include kins that haven't found the individual lists to promote themselves. As a kin leader, I found folks I connected with on Reddit or forums or elsewhere did not engage with kin as well as folks I found in game. That doesn't mean it won't work for you, just I wouldn't give up on asking in /world regularly, most only see a fraction of /world chat, and kins actually involved in doing stuff see even less.
My first thought is a little different than other respondents, why go to a social environment to meet people, then object to people trying to meet you? That's like going to a pick-up bar and being surprised people hit on you. If you want to work outside of the home, libraries typically have rooms you can use, some serve coffee, and you can rent temporary office space with full amenities. My second thought isn't that you led these guys on, but responding favorably and engaging in that much dialog with them is a positive response to their advances. We force guys to make advances as women tend to not proposition men, but await their attention. However... &gt; He complimented my outfit and I thanked him politely and told him I liked his shirt You flirted with him! :-) If you didn't want to flatter, encourage and engage with him, "Thanks for the compliment but I'm busy", whether you like his shirt or not. However the second potentially drunk guy probably ignored all hints and social graces (lack of inhibitions), letting a manager know a drunk patron is driving away others would be appropriate and appreciated by some managers (others will do nothing), but I don't have a better solution other than leaving, being bitchy at that sort just tends to escalate the situation from what I've seen. :-( In a bar there's more social support for telling off the pushy drunk types than in a coffee shop.
Given how many millions will be interacting with different programming in each, along with human drivers, it's inevitable there'll be far more of these incidents than you seem to imagine. Programming also can't "anticipate" truly yet, that requires imagination, the opposite of programming. They can be more perceptive, more aware, and factor more things into account than our single tasking brains, especially when adrenalin causes us to focus on one thing, but that doesn't mean there'll always be an "out".
This happened at a local show, you really get an idea of how large they are when you see the tiny silhouettes of frantic people fleeing. I looked across the audience, everyone silent, standing spread across the field, all rooted, watching in horror. As it died down, the ambulance drove over, people packed their blankets and left in the most quiet and orderly fashion I've ever seen.
I believe it's because far more women end up doing wacky things that don't cause reportable accidents/incidents and they get out of citations more frequently. When men have accidents, it's severe enough to end up on the news.
Just jump in and make a character. The intro/tutorials are good. The Epic Book Story leads you through the entire game, it's regions, and from quest hub to quest hubs. Particularly at the beginning there's no "gotcha's", every choice can be redone/undone/revised, so feel free to experiment, you can't permanently ruin your character or development. On that note, if you want to play a tank, man gets an incoming healing bonus of 5%, so go man. Otherwise race choices don't matter much. Swords give a 1% parry bonus, which outweighs all other weapon bonuses (but when starting use whichever weapon has most DPS rating). Finally, https://lotro-wiki.com/index.php/Main_Page PS: To get a permanent mount, you need to either buy the riding skill from the store, or optionally if a VIP subscriber wait until level 20 for a free quest to gain it. Then a farm north of Bree has mounts for 500 silver.
Said video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3ULhmadHkg
There are regions called quest packs covering certain map areas. Expansions encompass those as well as include instances and features beyond just the quests in that region (some regions include instances as well). Shadows of Angmar is the base game, several regions are free. Moria starts at level 46 at the earliest practically, while free content ends around 30ish. Evendim is quest pack that takes you through the 30s very nicely, Trollshaws can as well as an alternative. After that, several areas are useful, but you can also unlock access to them by subscribing as a VIP for a month or more. The benefit of this is you keep several unlocks that would cost way more to purchase any other way. So I generally recommend subscribing for a month when you get to those regions so you have access (temporarily) to Angmar, Misty Mtns., Forochel, Trollshaws, and Eregion. Also make any alt you might ever want in the future and log them in at least once to gain those unlocks for them too. Moria takes you to 60ish, Mirkwood to 65ish, Isengard to 75ish, Rohan to 85ish, Helm's Deep to 95ish, then it's back to region areas that you don't really need to buy. A couple of them have instances (and the latest raid) so may be worth it, but you'll know more by then. :-)
It's all one and the same, there'll be a request during the install process to download the extra files (note, close comparison is needed to really see the difference, with the camera at regular viewing distance the regular files detail is practically the same).
I'd write an email so there's documentation, "I was embarrassed and made uncomfortable at the criticism of my attire the other day, but was unable to discern how it was inappropriate from checking with others. It revealed no cleavage, has a longer hemline than others' attire, and was deemed suitably professional by coworkers I checked with. I'll obviously not wear that article again, but could you give me a hint in what way it was "inappropriate", so I can be sure to avoid this issue in the future?" Future meetings like that I'd try not to have an emotional reaction (unless indignant or incredulous) but ask for the information you need then when they should have it for you. If they don't have it, or have an unusual reaction, that is telling.
Depends on their systems.
Cuttlefish bone, eggshells, seashells, crushed coral, similar stuff that are calcium carbonate based are good!
Along with the one quality of life improvement (mass transfer), for many you can't run the app on certain phones without rooting them and adding other software, for others the current version freezes upon loading and they can't even play or participate in the event, and for those who do get the app loaded, they find gym battles lag during charged attacks, wiping out their attackers. If those issues don't affect you, the game is essentially identical to first release save more spawns and more unresolved bugs. Note, one negative is as so many people have stopped playing or are no longer able to play, the ratio of cheaters/spoofers to legit players as increased sadly. PS Edit: I forgot they also removed the more useful tracker, replacing it with a thing that just shows tons of rats/pidgeys at Pokestops, sometimes something better, but they removed the gameplay/searching/discovery, the Pokemon is just there waiting for you instead. Meanwhile the good stuff you just have to randomly stumble across (unless you have no pokestops near).
Enjoy the Starter Event for just under a week, those first three should be showing up everywhere actually. http://pokemongolive.com/en/post/holiday2016/
I believe you'll want to Prime until you get your filter fully cycling again, and I'd buy/use bottled bacteria to accelerate that process.
As a former geocacher, yes, I believe two things are in play here, one, the building interferes with gps signal reception in two ways, bounce, making the signal take longer to get to your device, thereby "placing" your receiver farther from that satellite, and also lower signal strength, reducing the number of satellites that may be part of triangulating your location. The second thing is the satellites constellation. An app called GPS Test is great for showing this. Satellites closer to the horizon are better for accuracy triangulating but are blocked by terrain, foliage, buildings, etc. Satellites directly overhead are good for signal strength but have lousy geometry for triangulation. Since the satellites are always moving, over time the constellation's totally different. tl;dr: More than likely in the building you are using a limited number of gps satellites in a poor constellation with signal bounce, different constellations cause that bounce to put your receiver in different areas from different configurations.
Nexus 5x plugged into the car used to gain charge with game on, treading water during gym battles, now it drops on the horrible, laggy v.51 it drops like crazy. My 5x is relatively new, with a well treated battery, and not affected by other apps similarly. When you could revert to v.49 it also had regular battery consumption. My guess is whatever they broke in the latest version that impacted performance so horribly also impacts battery life. Bug report it please, so they get the memo!
The current version 51 has horrible lag for many, we used to revert to the better performing v.49 until they forced updating to the bad version. The hope is the next version fixes some of the game-breaking bugs, but the performance issue might be overshadowed by the freezing on load issue.
That's not GPS at that point, it's not teleporting you home, it's lacking and other info is being used in place of GPS data. (I have mine set to only use device location, so that can't happen.)
Sadly this would make in nigh impossible to adequately report spoofers/cheaters. :-( I'd love a better option for legit players, but currently spoofers are a bigger issue to the game and it's success as a whole, we're losing more players driven out by cheaters than players quitting due to gps drift.
Nidoran are everywhere around here. There are only a couple spots I see Clefairy regularly. I can't surmise anything from this, as Nidoran are everywhere around here.
First coupla' days I caught four. Someone else posted about catching 45 in a similar period of time. Yesterday I transferred over a dozen, so caught more than that. If you don't see any where you are, go elsewhere!
I prefer it too, it's nearly as much damage, but you can use it more when you want to. You also may use it three times, as compared to just using Solar Beam once. It also works asynchronously with Hydro Pump, so you don't have to wait for the Vape's charged attack, wasting energy in the meantime. After you defeat the Vape, you are more likely to have some charge ready in Petal Blizzard, whereas often it's more logical to swap out to another Pokemon and forgo the energy/damage you've built into Solar Beam.
That's why most comparisons don't just use dps, but damage, Professor Kukui's for example provides total damage over the course of a gym battle based on the energy gained from attacking while dodging. (It's more complex than that, see his spreadsheet for details, but you get the idea.) In thousands of battles, I've found such to be most representative of actual use.
As I recall there was a certain latitude Tauros was not found south of, hence not in southern FL, but does spawn in parts of northern Mexico.
I transferred the one I hatched, it costs more candy than simply evolving a Jigglypuff to get a Wiggly, assuming you have those.
Trade for what? The only thing I need is 'Dust, and they'll never allow trading for the core game currency. I do, however, appreciate greater available Pokemon storage space for more useful 'Mon. Oh! I know, I can trade it for an open space!! ;-)
Tap, tap, swip...lag, take charged hit despite having "dodged"... Curse, but queue up next Pokemon, opponent swaps, you swap, opponent swaps, tap, tap, swi...lag, curse!
I purchased mine from the hidden adult section of eBay (don't know if it's still hidden, this was years ago) for a lot less money than mainstream retail versions (although still the most expensive toy I've ever purchased aside from a computer).
&gt; saw it on the radar If you mean by a Pokestop, it likely was still there but not being shown to you anymore. If you'd gone to the 'Stop, likely to have caught it I'm afraid. If far enough away to not be near 'Stops, then less likely to be there. Not if you track something and it says it "fled", it hasn't, it's still there, just the tracker reset.
I'd do this, a separate tank will allow the shrimp to thrive rather than be stressed, and allow young to grow rather than be eaten.
I figured it was some of the inspiration for Babylon 5.
I'd do two processes, whatever cleaner is most upvoted here, then Kilz. If you don't want to discolor the wood more, just Kilz. If you want to save labor/time, just Kilz. But it doesn't significantly cost more to do the extra step beforehand, and it feels good, but Kilz alone will even lock away cat pee, nevermind dog urine.
First, computers don't do random at all, their design is a bunch of switches that are either on or off basically, so there is no random. To quote the Unity docs I just [googled](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Random.InitState.html): &gt; The random number generator is not truly random but produces numbers in a preset sequence (the values in the sequence "jump" around the range in such a way that they appear random for most purposes). So to produce what is properly called a pseudo-random number, you used to just have a big list of numbers that were in a likely probability distribution. You scaled that set to the range you desired, then used a "seed" value to pick a starting point. Time was often picked, like the number of "jiffies" (1/60th of a second for NTSC systems, 1/50th for PAL systems), or seconds from a starting point. The problem is if you always ran the software exactly the same time after starting the system, you always got the same result, not very random appearing. Or if the source list of numbers had a noticeable pattern somewhere in it, then if recognized, the results after that could be remembered or predicted. &gt; The point in the sequence where a particular run of pseudo-random values begins is selected using an integer called the seed value. The seed is normally set from some arbitrary value like the system clock before the random number functions are used. This prevents the same run of values from occurring each time a game is played and thus avoids predictable gameplay. Nowadays other complexities are added/layered to give a greater random appearance, and less ability to predict the outcome, and there are resources like random.org, which uses atmospheric noise IIRC, an uncontrollable phenomena instead of a computer algorithm. Given they aren't a gambling institution, but a mapping company, it's unlikely Niantic has used anything more than the build in random() functions. In the case of Pokemon Go, using the Unity scripting system, [Google suggests](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Random.html) they'd use the statement: Random.Range(1,3) or Random.Range(0,2) to produce a random result of three possibilities.
Not useful at all unless the attacker doesn't know how they work. Basically it's equivalent to throwing the worst Pokemon they have into the gym (as that's what they'll make it) and have it attacked by their best attacker. So, want your Ditto to be a Magikarp and they attack with a Jolteon? Or perhaps they'll make your Ditto into a Rhyhorn and attack with a Vape. It depends what is after your Ditto, I basically use them to get some energy in my charged attack in preparation for the next Pokemon in line that comes after it since the Ditto won't last but a few taps.
No change here, exact same roads seen in the distance, border still a few hundred feet shy of a neighboring gym.
Nexus 5x, lags enough to be unplayable with v51, was smooth on 49. Restart between each battle to minimize issues. Friend's Samsung, ditto. Friend's iPhone, takes longer for the issue to kick in, but she gets it too. She also gets random app crashes/quits with no warning. Androids often can't start the app though, which doesn't seem to be an issue on iPhone. I'm astonished they didn't do a hotfix given how many can't even run the app, much less play.
Actually, graphite.
Until they become real, such as [Agloe, New York](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agloe,_New_York). &gt; In the 1950s, a general store was built at the intersection on the map, and was given the name Agloe General Store because the name was on the Esso maps.[3] Later, Agloe appeared on a Rand McNally map after the mapmaker got the name of the "hamlet" from the Delaware County administration. When Esso threatened to sue Rand McNally for the assumed copyright infringement which the "trap" had revealed, the latter pointed out that the place had now become real and therefore no infringement could be established.
You might be a bit early, not for another eight hours or so IIRC? IE, 7:00 PM Eastern should be 0:00 UTC.
yw! :-) So far it's been every other week.
It's actually completely logical.
Apparently skin cancer is not based on cumulative exposure, but each individual exposure has a chance of mutations, so yes, one exposure is enough. (Multiple exposures just give multiple chances, the odds remain the same, just repeated--yes, I know humans are horrible at understanding odds, hence casinos/lotteries remain, and folks take unreasonable risks and are horrified by reasonable risks.)
Use anti-inflammatories beforehand/rest those fingers. For playing, use your other hand, get a stylus, anything to not use the same motion that exacerbates it. If you accidentally do, use anti-inflammatories.
The hardest/most time consuming/most resource intensive gym I fought was before the CP changes I'm afraid, it was essentially alternating Exeggcutors. The Dragonites were easy between them, the Gyarados and Lapras too, but those Eggheads needed a bug type each and I only had a couple Scythers, so Parasect, Venomoth and even squishy Flareon came into play. I lost track of time, but spent over an hour and half taking the entire thing down, it was AWESOME! Haven't had anything nearly that fun ever since. But to more properly answer your question of "any time soon", I imagine we'll be seeing the same stuff until Gen. 2 options are gym competitive. Around here Snorlax nor Lapras are used anymore really, it's Vape, Dragonite, squishy Rhydon and Gyarados, as if you are under 2800 you won't be in higher gyms. Lower CP gyms that get Snorlaxed don't get above level three, as few want/can prestige against that.
Worse, girlfriend and I spent (an enjoyable) two days of the double-candy event weekend catching exeggcutes driving around a nest to evolve high IV and power up decent eggheads for gyms. All that gas money largely wasted. I now have half a dozen moderate but maxed CP defensive Eggheads clogging my storage for no benefit.
Engine timing directly affects efficiency, even not so modern engines (those with fuel injection) adjust the timing according to the knock sensor. Measure your fuel mileage on lowest octane for a few tanks, likewise measure mileage on matching trips with highest octane on a few tanks, if you get a greater percentage of mpg on higher than the cost difference per gallon, you save money per mile. Don't just assume others information is applicable to *your* car, actually test it. (None of this applies to any of my cars, as they all require high octane regardless unfortunately. But back in the day, I saved about 5% per tankful with a vehicle that got 10% better mileage w/higher octane than lowest when gas prices started rising.)
Do we have any idea when the sponsorship began, IE, the duration? And of course also as someone else asked, if the portals in Ingress still exist, separating the timing.
Sadly it's much easier for Spoofers to collect pots and resources from their warm chair and retake it with their bevy of Dragonites, than rural folk get out in the cold and collect stuff to keep fending them off.
Not from what I've heard/read either, everyone's mentioned it as an Ingress sponsorship, hence the curiosity about the portals there.
As long as they are strictly limestone and don't have other elements (like heavy metals that could leech/kill). I use seashells.
Vape, as it's reasonably fast, easy, and already in the lineup for something else, so serves multiple purposes. Basically just use whatever you have already lined up to take out something else that does plenty of damage.
Use 1300 Vapes or Raticates w/Hyper Beam on the Chansey, basically anything hard hitting, then prestige from the Snorlaxes instead.
Odd, I've scrapped more than my fair share of eggs off dead mommas and never seen any like that. Usually they are light/translucent in color with the darkest part being eyes if they've developed. My thought though is simply put them in the tank, I tend to tuck them away under a Marimo "moss" (algae) ball so other shrimp don't bother them. But in this case, I'd let them be available, if they are bad, bacteria will already be consuming them, and other shrimp will come feast, they won't be so large that their decomposition would overload your filter. So if you are lucky, they hatch, if they aren't hatch-able, they are a good source of protein/food.
Many can't access other resources (or don't want to enable javascript), they also don't show up from Googling as this does, the one you mention also is known for false info (not that this couldn't as well of course, but a smaller target), this also uses less data on mobile and is faster to access. Sure, it's a bit of work, but provides some benefits and hopefully is useful to more than just me. ;-) (Additionally there's benefit to having info in multiple locations rather than all the eggs in one basket, so if one goes offline, all the info isn't lost. Heck, if *Reddit* goes offline, Google and The Internet Archive will still have this info. Also legacy, easier to search historical trends or access historical data/info.)
Per Wikipedia: &gt; These shrimp have previously been classified as Neocaridina heteropoda and Neocaridina denticulata sinensis, however are now known as Neocaridina davidi which is based on the oldest known published description of the species.[2][3] But both reference links are moot, so I couldn't come up with a date for the change. Edit: Here's the book w/change and origin date of original http://shrimpery.com/forum/neocaridina/51-neocaridina-heteropoda-renamed-neocaridina-davidi Edit two: 2013 per the ISBN (and German, hence info not as obvious in English)
Keep it at 884 CP to use as a prestiger, great to train against Rhydons and the stray Flareon or similar.
I've not heard anyone curing it yet. The closest was someone ([Rachel O'Leary](http://msjinkzd.com/)) trying a dual treatment, but she presumably didn't have success as she didn't post an ultimate follow up. I'd not change out your filter media and potentially risk affecting the cycling. I'd not do that massive a water change all at once, perhaps 30% multiple times for a week or two if you must? I'd definitely search out any hiding infected shrimp and remove/isolate/euthanize them. Since it lives on shrimp, reproduces from itself, I'd not be as concerned of the sponge covering the filter intake and things like that. One thing I do wonder if it's it would be worthwhile removing spent molts for a time to prevent them from feeding on them. I would do anything in your power to encourage health in the shrimp, not stress them, keep everything as comfy as possible so they have most reserved available to cope. PS: While Indian Almond Leaves/Oak leaves offer slight antibacterial benefits, they won't affect this.
Do you still have the 5.5 gallon cycling/operational? Some other shrimp that you hear are "more finicky" are actually just more specific, rather than as broad a range of parameters. If your parameters are in their optimal range and stay there, everything's good. :-) It's not like they come knocking on the glass every morning asking for the thermostat to be adjusted or for you to quiet down out there. ;-)
Thanks for the confirmation, updated accordingly! :-)
Sounds great. *fingers crossed for you Well, I had a successful too-small-jar early on that I did small water changes daily. I believe it's not so much the frequency of water changes as the stability of the water you are changing too, I was exactly matching.
A month and half ago, [Dec. 6th](http://pokemongolive.com/en/post/ver-update-120616/), and after you long-press to activate the feature, you can multitap to select others for transfer.
It sounds like you are being flummoxed by the move queue. It doesn't respond to your taps (although it used to in the early better versions of the game), it ignores your current taps in favor of your previous taps. So you can't change/adapt to circumstances as readily anymore. This is why it dodges when you try to attack, and attacks when you try to dodge, because it's trying to do something you don't want it to do anymore. The solution is to slow down and tap less. At the start of the fight, wait until the yellow flash comes, then swipe twice to dodge it as well as the next one. Now tap just once to attack just once. Now be ready to swipe again as a yellow flash is coming in short order. There! Swipe! OK, now the timing becomes regular after those first three. You'll find you can tap twice then swipe, or tap thrice then swipe, or for really slow attackers maybe just once per. Find the rhythm/groove without tapping extra, so you are only asking the game to do ONE thing at a time without getting ahead of yourself. When you get that down, you'll notice the defender taking longer than normal before using it's attack (as they regularly attack on the exact same schedule). This means a charged attack is going to be coming, STOP and get ready to swipe to dodge *after* the yellow flash happens. Then return to your few taps and get ready to dodge when the next yellow comes. Rinse and repeat. tl;dr: Moves are buffered, don't overload the buffer. PS: The buffer only holds one advanced move, you can over-write it if there's a pause like when defenders switch by doing two over the appropriate move. PPS: Once you get it down, train/prestige for practice, once you can beat stuff twice your CP regular battling will seem easy.
The buffer only holds one move in advance, so if you swipe and that hasn't happened yet, you can tap twice, once will tell the game you want an attack after the buffered dodge, the second will then replace the buffered swipe with your previous tap, and tell it you want an attack. In other words, it has a future move stored, if you do the other move twice (like swipe endlessly), it will replace the stored move with your new move. Since it only buffers one ahead, swiping several times only results in two moves if you stop upon the first taking place. That make sense? Essentially if I swipe or tapped or long-pressed right before a new defender comes up, so I then want to dodge twice, I simply swipe repeatedly until the first dodge happens instead of the previously buffered tap/press.
I didn't really explore/focus on that, I don't have drift, so am unaffected one way or another, however my friend uses an iPhone, and she often is positioned "a lane" over from where I am, we needed to move a closer parking space at one gym per usual. My guess would be the radius hasn't changed but hopefully less error once you are engaged with a gym? (I hope they don't increase radius or proving spoofing will become even harder.)
Oy, that sucks given the longer load time though. :-( Condolences.
In my case, both issues are resolved/improved, I should not have conflated the anecdote about lack of revives as you point out; it is true that was due to the charge move freeze issue preventing dodging, not the incorrect accounting dodge loop.
Note, TDS meters can be had from eBay for very little with free shipping, just be sure to find a seller that is in the US. Also I'd spring for the API GH/KH drop test kit rather than strips. If your reading on the strips isn't accurate, or you aren't sure, it's pointless to buy that then end up buying a drop test kit on top of it. I'm generally a save money guy, this is a case where the value is in the drop test IMO.
Leftovers should be plenty, if you want to supplement nutrition, blanch some spinach for your shrimp.
[Notification reader](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.parkpossesoftware.notificationreader) reads your chosen notifications (texts, email, who is calling, etc.) out loud.
It's based on "S2" divisions of the map/planet (same thing used for GMaps apparently, a point can be specified with one number on a "curve" line squiggling within it), so a NJ one overlaps that part of NY, since the center of the one is in NJ, that's where it's marked. Half my catches are in a neighboring city, the other half blank. Only if I'm dead center in town is it otherwise.
Along with /u/DatFlyGuyUkno's great response, there are a couple other "H"s that might be considerations, namely two types of "hardness", general hardness, and carbonate hardness (so the amount of various minerals). Again your water might be in an OK range for one or both of those, and some folks luck out, but the way to be sure is to get a less common drop test for GH/KH (can order online or specialty aquarium shops might stock it, is less common at pet stores).
Check out the [video in the sidebar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pr3Y5dDHsU) about cycling! She uses more products than needed as she keeps/breeds some higher end shrimp, but gives a great overview, there's an article with far more detail in the sidebar too. Plants help more in terms of nitrates that are the result of cycling, but algae appreciates the ammonia from waste. Shrimp appreciate neither, ammonia and nitrites are deadly, nitrates are also just less so. So plants help reduce the frequency of water changes, as they uptake nitrates, particularly fast growing plants with access to atmosphere (floating, pothos rooted in the water hanging out, fast growing stem plants).
General Hardness, GH, covers both Magnesium and Calcium at least from my notes. You'd have to Google for more detail of what form. Carbonate Hardness, (from German, Karbonate) is KH, and no, alkalinity would be the lack of acidity, IE, over 7 pH I'd presume, but I'm just presuming. Either way, you'll want to get a drop test to see how things correlate, and also realize things can change seasonally and based on how they adjust treatments for seasonal changes. Note also those figures are in ppm, parts per million, so will need to be converted to mg/l or dH (degrees hardness). Note, I'm not an expert on the chemistry, just learned what I needed superficially, others here could provide better insights. As for the TDS, it might end up even higher at your tap if it's starting at about 600 ppm, which I would dilute. I'd dilute to get that under 200, then test to see what the KH and GH result as. If they are good, you're golden. If they are high, awesome, dilute more. If they are low, the trick'll be what the TDS ends up after adding minerals to get reasonable KH/GH, might need to dilute more initially, or might not be worth it, be simpler to remineralize RO (something I usually seek to avoid as it's far handier to have water at your tap--but you want your system foolproof).
Well, there's no reward for holding 20 gyms as posted, that's twice as much as necessary, and blocks same team members from accessing gyms, as well as opponents. I leave gyms grey for exactly this purpose, to help my team, as well as keep other players active in the gym scene rather than preventing them from playing, or the game dies. It's also a blast to see the lower level people who can get in with their interesting defender choices, or hear a young child's cry of excitement at getting to their first gym!
Crop circle from two-dimensional aliens.
I'd dose Prime to mitigate any ammonia and test for ammonia like crazy (morning, noon and night). I'd also do frequent (daily or twice daily depending on ammonia levels) water changes. I presume you are maintaining the old filter media in oxygenated water so the bacteria colony survives? Otherwise you'll have to start cycling anew sadly.
Huh? No. Where'd you come up with such a preposterous concept? (Note, your erroneous idea is not a "position" of someone else.) Ditto's CP adjusts based on two of the three stats of what it transforms in to.
I just use water from my Primed container to avoid the chlorination. The amount of Prime versus the dilution/quantity of water I have no problems microwaving for a bit.
There'll be a tiny bump in activity when Spring comes, likely similar to when college kids were off school in December. Gen 2 will likely offer a bump similar to the Halloween event. But don't expect either of those to bring folks back to the game or be long-lived. The people who are currently playing will mostly also play come Spring, but there'll be the a dip in Summer as all games have as folks attend barbeques and go to the beach and do summer-type activities instead of solo gaming. Us diehards will continue to play in the limited time remaining. Over the next few years though, expect declining population, just like any MMO. That'd be the typical trend of any game, regardless of what devs/companies do. Note, this also presumes there are new players to replace older player who leave. In game company circles, the expected span of a user is two years, so to have a similar player base in three years, they have to attract as many new as leave in 2018. Note also fresh players spend more than old players who have already maxed out things.
That's in the title, "Spoiler: No". ;-)
Vape for me, although normally I dodge everything, with the Vape I don't bother spending the time, Snorlax will have 60 seconds remaining and the Vape will have plenty of life left despite taking Body Slams, feel free to dodge those if you want to do more than a couple Snorlaxes. Alakazam ends up with less time remaining (took longer) and the Alakazam's health was gone despite taking the time to dodge everything (HP pool just too tiny). Rhydon with Rock Smash/Earthquake can do one reasonably but slowly, it would be my second choice if I didn't have several Vapes available. Exeggcutors are too slow for me too. Also, I already have Vapes in the lineup, while I won't have Eggheads or other stuff there for anything, while the Vapes will have extra health from dealing with whatever they are there for (Rhydons) so resource-wise, I get to use one slot for multiple purposes.
Parboil work for you perhaps? Lightly cook just to soften a bit. I put in a dish with some water and microwave enough for it to steam.
No, need to rename both SUs as well, or you still have root (you also can't rename them to just .su as that is still found/recognized by SafetyNet, but something unique).
It's not I'm afraid. You want a 'Mon that is so slow to attack, it's dead before it can, but Dittos attack right away. You also want a defender that is twice the CP of the attacker (originally 10 and 20) so you get 1,000 prestige per fight, but Ditto's CP gets lowered from a couple of the stats from the attacker it's duplicating.
When I did a smaller one, I got all the same gender so there'd be no breeding, so just a few.
Thank you for your great work, reducing the number of taps via checkboxes and OCR appraisal really speeds things up, phenomenal! Thanks also for continuing to provide a non-network version, much appreciated. :-)
Sounds like next generation prep over there (Steelix, Slowking).
They most likely hatched, they are teeny, clear, nearly impossible to spot things unless they move out of hiding and get in your way. ;-) A few days from now they'll be bigger, and a few more days they'll get some color, so be easier to spot. The whole system is designed that way, they molt, release the hormone to let males to know to "come get 'em", drop the eggs into their pleopods, carry them around a few weeks, hatch and molt to do it again!
Yes, hopefully showing gyms by player name is never offered, as that would open up vendettas, harassment, and really doesn't offer game play benefits. The abuse potential is high, while finding unlabelled Pokemon of one's own can be done with a few clicks.
Some observations reading through the comments, *Exeggcute* and *Pinsir* are rare where I am, although the other grass stuff is common. Nido, Oddish, Eevee, the usual rats, pidgey, spearow, weedle... There's also water spawns nearby, so goldeen, staryu, poliwag, magikarp, psyduck are regularly there. Tangela? Gotta' hatch to get one. So I wonder if the pool they draw from includes Eggs and Pinsir as common. I also wonder if we have something that isn't common to folks who get those.
There's also a list of tutorial videos in the osm wiki, I just google: osm wiki tutorials *(or whatever)* First I'd find another path somewhere you can look at for reference. Enter the editor and click on it so it highlights. On the left you see its attributes, called "tags" in OSM. So to add a trail, called a "way", it's just like adding a road, you click a series of points to draw out connected lines approximating the shape of the path and hit Return/Enter when done, not on the left of you screen type footpath in the search and click on that. You can select paved or dirt or grass for surface if appropriate and it gets that "tag". Then click "Save", there's a spot to type, "Added footpath to *wherever* from my gps trace/local knowledge/aerial imagery/etc.*" If you want to put "Pokemon" there, that's where it would be appropriate. To add lakes/ponds, it is similar, but instead of just making lines, you draw an "area", which'll be a closed polygon, then type water in the search for options, save then comment and good. :-)
Mixing various types of water/fluctuating conditions will cause problems. Shrimp like consistency. Their tissue osmosis (ability for "stuff" to get into/out of their cells) is affected by it. TDS isn't a problem generally, it's lowest priority/last on the list after pH, GH and KH. Total Dissolved Solids is a catch all. I'd not add any water to a tank without knowing what it is I'm adding, so I can be sure it's temperature and pH match. For water changes, GH and KH want to match too. For evaporation top offs, you want lower GH and KH (like distilled) since the tank's levels increase from the water evaporating away leaving minerals. behind, so it's important to not add *more* minerals then. My assumption is your tap is high in GH and KH, hence wanting distilled for top offs? (My tap is low, so I top off with dechlorinated tap, and do water changes with dechlorinated tap with minerals added.)
I generally advise whatever simple system you can do so the water is consistent every time. Without knowing your tap conditions, which might be perfect, only you'd know. If remineralizing will be easier/more consistent for you, that could be the win. :-)
A 97 CP caterpie is not a bug worth reporting I'm afraid.
In order... Above average spawns (not nest) around the library in Westport, CT. Savin Rock in West Haven, but just normal water spawns, but many, many of them. Hubbard Park in Meriden has a fair number of water spawns. Others would just include coastline/beach areas.
So I have a similar situation, a place w/no spawns when the game came out. It's not a park, but trails around a water feature. I had mapped the trails via GPS trace a couple years ago in OSM. Based on your post, a 20 S2 covers the east half, where Google maps does show one of the trails. The western half lacks trails in Google maps completely, but is the more detailed section with multiple trails in OSM. I shall have to swing by tomorrow and 1. see if there are spawns now, 2. see if the spawns exist in both halves, 3. figure something out about s2... How big is an s2 20? The link over Santa Monica appears big, and the rectangle I got over this park might've been a mile north to south, I put 20 as the minimum and max. setting in that map link. The center of it is on a highway not near this feature. So I'm confused, especially as another poster suggested just several meters, which would be tens of feet, far smaller than the rectangles plotted on that s2 map...?
I haven't used them but have heard others mention "Salty Shrimp" products, there's couple different types for different shrimp/water needs.
While in Westport, try Compo Beach which should be accessible this time of year, and then Sherwood Island which'll also be free to access.
So here's what we discovered /u/WoodWoseWulf... There weren't an abundance of spawns, but there are now spawns all around. However the locations where I memorized the OSM footpath aligning with the center of S2 cells and aligning with edges didn't have useful spawns to verify. Two spawns were of note, as they weren't right on the path. One was a Goldeen, which for both of us was off the trail, between it and the water, since our two devices put us in different locations, but both had the Goldeen over there, I checked the cells... The trail there runs through the center of them according to S2map.com, so the Goldeen was in an adjacent cell. But unable to determine if center of the cell or not (despite screenshot) as it's distant dependent and GPS accuracy variations don't allow for that exact of a measurement. A Psyduck to the north was more helpful, as it was just south of the trail, and the trail is 2/3rds to the bottom of a cell. This puts the Psyduck directly on the edge of those cells. :/ Of course, the major issue to all of this, is when I checked GPS reception, accuracy was ±6m. Essentially encompassing most of a level 20 S2 cell. In all my years of Geocaching, even with differential GPS receivers, I've rarely seen accuracy down in the single digits of feet, despite winter here and no foliage to obscure satellite signals. I guess I'm leery of drawing too much of a conclusion without more accurate equipment, but in this case we had two different devices (iPhone/Android) that were in agreement.
Yeah, I went in with confidence as I have an OpenStreetMap app showing the trail, and most Pokemon I was able to put myself on top of, but those two were inaccessible (prickers, steep slope to water). Good points all around. I was just hoping for more solid confirmation. Interesting find, yes, that does seem to correlate your finding!
I'd setup at the dorm w/dorm water, as that's what you'll be doing water changes with. I'd also test that water to know what you are working with. Moving can be tricky. There are multiple ways of doing it, but all of them rely on understanding/having tank wisdom already. Not sure what those percentages are you reference in terms of the nitrogen cycle/cycling. Great video in this sub's side bar by a gal who keeps shrimp, she uses more products than necessary as she breeds and is given stuff. You change the water when the nitrates get too high (in the teens). If you have lotsa' fast growing plants, floating plants exposed to air, Pothos hanging out, they update nitrates, so can reduce the frequency. If you have so many plants all nitrates are taken by them, then TDS (Total Dissolved Solids) dictates how frequent you change the water. So the answer to that is, "it depends". :-) A few shrimp in a ten gallon that has algae won't need any food. They'll graze on the algae. The best rule of thumb I've seen is think of the size of their eye as the size of their stomach. As grazers, they also don't need much, they don't eat meals like we do, but munch all day like cows. Also, remove whatever food is not consumed in an hour or two so it doesn't break down/contribute to waste/dirty tank/encourage detritus worms or the like. My tank runs high 60s to high 70s in summer.
Getting close, should be just a few more days. (I've hatched more than my fair share and have found flow doesn't matter at all.) Can you see eyes yet (magnifying glass)? If so, they are really close, in the final days. If no eyes, then maybe a week to go.
*jawdrops A pair of pliers later, and I pulled out a piece of my black Petco substrate, broke off an end, inside I don't find black, I find grey with a black coating. *blinks I have had unexplained deaths in this tank, despite matching water/plants/conditions to another without issues, but this one's the only one w/that. So thanks for raising this as a possible something. Googling I'm not finding what substance it actually is, I just assumed it was all aquarium life safe (and it might still be). I'll be intrigued by others thoughts/wisdom on this too.
To make a gym stronger, complement what is already in it, even better, alternate types. Obviously the stronger gyms are mostly Vapes, but if a row of Vapes has a Snorlax between, it's even trickier. If there's already a Snorlax in the gym, then put a Dragonite between some Vapes.
I disagree about separating tenant-&gt;landlord questions from landlord-&gt;landlord posts. There was a big push from another subreddit a few months back spamming every tenant question here to go post in their sub instead, but frankly, I'm not going to spend my time monitoring multiple subs for areas I can contribute. I also *want* to be exposed to tenants' concerns for landlords, that's how I grow as a landlord, anticipate/prepare for issues, address communication/expand knowledge, etc. Flair never hurts (although I never use it), but my understanding is it allows filtering out of posts, which those who don't want to see tenant questions might appreciate? Finally, the ratio of landlord-landlord versus other posting isn't an issue I don't believe, simply because it's rarer for landlords to seek info, most already have a base of knowledge, while it's much more frequent for tenants to need the perspective of a landlord. There logically should be a greater amount of tenant posts in relation (never mind there are more tenants than landlords overall). It also helps to have a broader range of landlords offer insight, rather than just a few that might specifically seek to post in a tenant focused sub. PS: A lot of replies in a tenant focused sub I would imagine would end up being, "I'd cross post this over at 'Landlord' flagging which state/country you are in to get more useful feedback".
I didn't hear about it, my girlfriend bought Aldi boxes and we compared to another store's brand/generic side-by-side. They also proclaim on the front of the boxes, "good source of X vitamins and minerals", the number X was significantly lower compared to the boxes I already had. Check for yourself! :-)
That comparison isn't as easy for others to make/see for themselves written on a box, but it happened in sliced ham as well, the per slice cost was higher due to a smaller package. I was more surprised that there was such a significant nutrition difference--something most (as evidenced by the reactions here) wouldn't imagine, and obviously doesn't apply to staples. Eggs are so inexpensive here differences are slight, cheaper to get them where you currently are than spend time/gas picking them up elsewhere IMO.
Back when the time was ten minutes, you could often get back in sooner by excluding the 'Mon that was stuck in the gym from your new line-up. If you were battling with another, they'd see it still there unmoving. Now that it's been "reverted" to five minutes, it seems that is less possible. But what that tells us, is it's the result of the game servers and client not being in sync. The game still has you in the gym battling, so of course can't let you in a second time! It also shouldn't provide double damage to two of your 'Mon to heal. But it takes a while to sort out that the player isn't interacting, rather than the player just not doing anything for a while or a brief network interruption. There will always be a need to accommodate lost connections. A disconnected client can't send a message to reset as it's disconnected. Also one has to be careful allowing reset type messages or spoofers will reset you while you're in the midst of battling! So consider it part of anti-cheating as well as accommodating network foibles.
Back before the change when Exeggutor was still gym viable, the hardest gym I ever fought had five of them interlaced with other defenders. It was AWESOME and took me over an hour to drop it. It cost lotsa' pots and had me working to switch 'Mon back and forth (and even then I had a wide variety and good selection of attackers). I agree with you, a gym full of Blisseys? No problem, bring it on, easy-peasy. But oh wait, a gym with a handful of Blisseys and an assortment of other stuff? Now there's a challenging gym that would be fun to attack. When we place things, we try to place a type that is strong against the likely attacker of the previous defender. Gyms that have Rhydons, Vapes and Gyarados back to back are easy-peasy, one attacker takes out all three. The whole goal is to waste the attacker's built up energy, force them to think and switch, and consume more resources.
Basically CP is attack stat squared, times defense and stamina. The damage formula involves the move's damage, attack divided by the defender's defense, and a level factor. So yes, higher level means more damage as the level factor changes. CP isn't really used for anything in the game, just gym placement and calculating prestige amount when training.
I rarely trash them, but will trash them in favor of much needed potions. Dratini usually get a Pinap. Magikarp always do. Things I need candy for get Pinaps. I'm high enough level to not want to lucky egg evolve again or those would get them too.
Remember the combo of 0-15 times 0-15 times 0-15 gives a 1/4096 chance of 15/15/15. If you graph out the likelihood of possible results, there's far more combos that can be 8/7/7 or 7/8/7 or 7/7/8 or 9/7/6, etc., so it's a bell curve with a TON more in the middle than at the extremes.
I've been happy with /r/GoIV and not had problems (I start it, click its Start button to fire up Pokemon Go, when done quit Go then it). But I've seen CalcyIV mentioned before and thought I'd give it a go, sadly it gave incorrect information (an 80% Scyther it listed at 75% with different stats, whereas a web page IV calculator corroborated GoIVs result).
You can press and hold on a Pokemon in the list to activate transfer mode, to then tap others to include and bulk transfer the lot of them. You can no longer multitap pinch to skip the egg hatch animation. With the addition of Gen. 2, you can evolve an Eevee into Espeon or Umbreon instead of the random Gen. 1s via a couple different methods (the same renaming as Gen. 1 once, or buddy walk then evolve daytime/nighttime). They changed prestige values for gyms so they'd be faster to take down. However there's a "death loop" bug now where your dodge is registered but not credited when out of sync with the servers, they've said it'll be fixed with the upcoming gym revamp. They've been doing multiple events, dramatically altering local spawns and providing various perks for a week or few days. There's some shared sponsorship promotions where you can earn a promo code to receive about three Pokestop's worth of stuff. There are two customer service reps from Niantic participating in this sub and /r/TheSilphRoad nowadays.
Exciting! I'd separate them and breed them true, but I also keep Orange Neos and like that coloration best. :-)
Another option is to put a divider in a tank.
Simplest would be to require double the energy for it, and/or have its move duration be double.
/r/PokemonGo is leaking.
Portal Recon program in Ingress has been going through the huge backlog of portal submissions to help approve the acceptable ones. These may become new 'Stops or gyms in Go.
We're very fortunate in this historical community that there were very active Ingress players who submitted portals for all the art installations and historic sites. There's dozens of 'Stops a few blocks away and about four dozen in the center of town. There's also plenty of gyms here, and nearly a dozen in the center of town. There's a wider variety of spawns than many areas it seems, events usually diminish the game by decreasing variety rather than enhancing availability of most things. There's a water not too far away, with a high concentration of such spawns, as well as sand-related spawns. Both the town to the west and the city to the east feature hotspots with rares, some of the best catching spots in the state. Outside of this area it's much quieter, which makes for less competition. There isn't a dominant team here, two have full presences, while the third has to go out of town. But that means we (as we're on different teams) can pile on the other team happily and support each other. It would be worse if we were on the same team, as we're both too competitive and have flexible work schedules allowing us to engage in activities at any hour. Really, I couldn't wish for anything better as far as the game is concerned.
I started on the 8th, the Friday after release, on a WiFi only tablet. There used to be a spawn by my place until the first spawn changes took it away, so would catch a couple a day at least. There are a few Pokestops in range of a gas station's open WiFi, and it has a neighboring restaurant with open WiFi too. I used to walk between the two to get the four 'Stops and 'Mon. Standing on the grass median of the road was in range of a gym and the WiFi when I was over level five. And I've gotten in a gym or more ever since. At higher levels and as more people quit playing, collected max. coins ever since. Other places were by librarys' open WiFi as well as town hall's. Then I replaced my ol' 3G flip phone w/Google Fi in Aug. and the rest is history. In winter, we'd go out after midnight if heavy snow was forecasted to keep streaks, but avoid going out during a storm.
If the death loop bug doesn't have a matching incarnation in the new system, that will be a win in my book. If there isn't incentive for spoofers and easy scraping, ditto. If the new gyms *require* multiple people, they will see a big drop in the already low gym usage since so fewer folks play, and only a tiny subset of them participate in gyms. They already have said gyms are the low point in the game, and want to fix that. It's entirely possible their new design will flop. But the only way we see is by giving it every chance to succeed! The most frustrating part now is having to fight an average of three times to accomplish what should have happened the first, were it not for bugs. Sure the new system will have bugs too initially, but hopefully not as game-breaking. Sure spoofers will try/test the new design, and hopefully not find it worth it. However worry about what you can control, not something beyond your control! :-) If the new system isn't enjoyable, then we don't waste time on it and do something more fun instead!
"Try look for similar..." should be "Try look*ing*..." I wish it told you what the rule was after completing levels, so many I haven't a clue. I also wish it had hints instead of spoilers labelled as hints. Would rather be enabled to figure it out rather than just handed a solution to then tap through. (Admittedly I'm stopping after 38 levels.)
Nah, your card would just say X = 01 to get you with Alex, Cy, Gian &amp; Laura.
Well, along with Cloyster. It used to be best.
I'm sorry to here that, it sucks. :-( It's most likely the ammonia or nitrites did them in, if not, the nitrates later would as well. The first two are very toxic, the latter still toxic, just less so. It's funny that Cherries are often mentioned as "hardy" or "easy" but that is in comparison to really sensitive invertebrates! So yes, they can withstand a wider range of conditions rather than being very sensitive to water parameters. But that said, they can't survive toxic conditions that other aquatic life might make it through with milder symptoms. With shrimp it's also all or nothing, they appear fine, behaving normally, or dead. There's limited symptoms to realize the day or two before that they are on their way to dying sadly. I suppose that means their suffering is minimized compared to other aquatic life, but hard on us as stewards.
&gt; level of nitrates I've found levels above the single digits on an API drop test (IE, teens and above) were fatal to some of mine.
But not TOO relaxed, then they ask about drug paraphernalia in your car.
Think about it from their perspective. They have to deal with unsafe stressed situations, their biggest concern as they approach a dark vehicle is safety from traffic or getting shot by an irrational occupant. So... * Pull over promptly in a safe area, facilitate their access on the non-traffic side but they'll pick which side they feel most comfy with. * Turn on your dome light and roll down windows so they can clearly see. * Don't reach for things or lean over which makes it appear you are getting a gun. * Have both hands on the steering wheel or plainly in sight. * Look toward the officer so it doesn't seem you are avoiding their gaze. In the past year I've been stopped a LOT due to playing Pokemon Go in surrounding towns. It stepped up a lot come winter when it got dark earlier and I was suspiciously parked outside closed parks or in front of houses. Being frank with answers allows them to get info quickly and demonstrates your forthrightness. Each stop has resulted in smiles and friendly exchanges, a "feel free to keep doing what your doing" type of responses. The only one that wasn't that smooth was when I didn't focus my attention on the officer, but divided it with continuing to play on my phone (for the record, I'm an older person, felt completely comfy and unphased by being a responsible citizen and being stopped, I appreciate police here and the service they provide, when I've had to call them they've been excellent). This is the one I was so relaxed/casual with the officer that he asked if I had drug paraphernalia, hah! :-) I'm pretty much the last person on the planet in that regard. I actually LOLed literally when he asked. So simply remember they have a job to perform, and it's a risky one, do what you can to ensure their ability to do it is smooth and pleasant, and you both will have a positive exchange. :-) PS: This assumes you haven't broken laws, if you are suspected of something you have done, the strategy is similar, but then you have the legal ramifications of what answers you provide. Officers gain control of a conversation by asking questions, you can combat that by asking a question as your reply.
A simple solution would be to coat the inside with clear nail polish. PS: For those noting some DEET bug repellant comes in plastic containers, different plastics are affected or not.
They may impede it, and some don't like too much.
Ways to make this work, first, find a landlord who wants to change to hardwood floors. Have enough cash to be able to pay a portion yourself to receive discounted rent for an extended lease period to compensate you for the investment they gain. (It's also a tax write-off for them extending years forward.) Most landlords who have the financials to make a change they want have already made it and list the property as "new hardwood" floors at a premium rate. Asking to pay extra is just using the landlord for a loan, landlords aren't banks, and tying up money in a stranger isn't usually a wise investment. You can also bail readily with them having little to show for it. Note, this presumes "home" refers to single family house, carpeting provides noise reduction for multifamily circumstances.
I retired my huge Petal Blizzard Venusaurs when I found the new version was piddling/useless. Bringing it back to two-bars would make it viable for me again. Most other moves had better parity at the last revamp though in my opinion. I went through a bunch of my middling 'Mon and altering their moves wouldn't be a big benefit.
Look into Magisk, particularly on /r/TheSilphRoad or maybe even old posts on /r/pokemongodev (but they won't appreciate new posts in the later). If you aren't comfortable flashing ROM modifications to your phone, and don't understand how to backup and undo them, then DO NOT do them.
First, why provide such a significant incentive to participate in gyms in the first place? To have gameplay for folks if few people sign up. Well that didn't happen, loads of people signed up and entered gyms without knowing about coins or even collecting! The issue is now they see people wanted to camp in gyms rather than contest/play with them but also fewer people are participating in the game in general. So if they do keep a coin incentive, I imagine it'll be more like the daily reward system, which gets folks to load the app and engage with it rather than inhibit others from participating in gyms.
Hmm, I have about 45 'Stops that can be hit in twelve minutes, yielding a bit over 10k, a small fraction of what evolving gives.
If you feel creepy doing anything, you haven't gotten old enough to not care about others' judgements or prejudices. Double your age and you'll not even ask this question 'cause who cares? :-) Do what you derive pleasure from as long as it hurts none. So no, but you might be too young perhaps? ;p
Differences? Any decorations? A plant in that one that's not in the other?
Whether it's bad to leave their bodies in the tank or not depends on your filtration. If your filter can handle the ammonia spike, no worries. You'll just end up with a bit more nitrates sooner. The other shrimp also got bonus protein feeding. Having their shells/molts in the tank is good, as the calcium's beneficial to them. A time you would *not* want to leave bodies in the tank would be if there were parasites or disease that might get passed on to others.
Any deal has to offer a benefit to both parties, and is most equitable when neither is completely joyful of the results. Here you'd be ecstatic while s/he'd be broke. The only benefit to them is not even a tax deduction, but amortizing the deduction over future years. But you never know, windows might be on the to-do list. Could you pay half? Would that be less than the extra heating cost? If so, offer than, with invoice to them for taxes.
They hopefully will reduce incentive for spoofing gyms at least. Make it more of a game, than business model, for some players.
With word from Niantic staff they'll post on social media to allow folks time to collect: https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemongo/comments/6himqg/official_niantic_support_page_says_that_gyms_are/diypwzf "As we get ready to update Pokémon GO, we want to ensure that Trainers have a sufficient heads up that Gyms will soon be disabled so that they can collect their Defender bonus. We will provide updates on our social channels in advance of Gyms closing in-game." Edit: Posted, the 19th during PDT business hours.
More than likely they are just in the corner for a time, will be elsewhere tomorrow, perhaps spread out, perhaps clumped up, it's impossible for a grazing set of organisms to not end up all in one place at some time.
I do similar but use a hair tie around the shifter instead. Easy on/off for taking it elsewhere and right by my thumb without obstructing anything or distracting at night (that light's bright).
When I had a small setup I kept only females to avoid breeding/overwhelming it. I did daily water changes of smaller amounts w/matching parameters. Lots of work and risky if things go wrong, glad to have larger now.
My worry is this might really enable spoofers and block legit players from gyms. Spoofers can more readily feed berries (I imagine via bots soon too) and get to raids in time. If there's no limit to how many gyms we can be in, spoofers are incentivized to be in more all over to collect more coins from occupancy. PS: Article with more details: http://www.gameinformer.com/b/news/archive/2017/06/19/pok-233-mon-go-completely-reworking-gym-system-adding-co-op-raids-and-all-new-items.aspx
And to non-spoofers. Could you imagine being one of the few players in your rural town, you organize everyone to show up for a raid at the only gym, ~~to find the raid already full of 20 spoofers from some other country~~?
When your defending 'Mon returns to you, it comes with a number of coins based on how long it was in the gym (per NianticIndigo).
No, the full gym won't decay as spoofers will run bots to keep their 'Mon fed in the gym. The only question is if they can be fed while embattled, and if that prevents taking the gym.
Have all nests been suspended/removed, or just some? Any new nests?
No offense at all! I play mostly solo too. :-) But I've been in range of gyms while others have been there too, some don't get out of their cars, some don't roll down their windows, they just battle you and move on. No need to socialize at all if you don't want to. You get a raid notification or check the raid panel for nearby gyms, head over if you have the time, and your level of contribution gives you the new balls to catch the prize 'Mon as well as other stuff. You leave. Solo. That said, of the ~~(apparently four)~~ five tiers of raid opponents, it seems you'd only be able to solo the lowest if nobody else was there helping too.
Less lag from others' attacks.
From the Battle [support page](https://support.pokemongo.nianticlabs.com/hc/en-us/articles/115009004747): &gt; Any Pokémon previously assigned to the Gym return to defend the location.
Just the previous six that were in the gym prior to the raid. Think of it this way, if a raid happened while you were away for the afternoon, and nobody fought the gym otherwise, it would be in the same state before and afterward with the same defenders.
For me, based on Prof. Kukui's original spreadsheet design, updated by others, using "tankiness" (defense * stamina) and damage output as a defender over 100 secs.: 1. Blissey 2. Snorlax 3. Lapras 4. ~~Rhydon~~ 5. ~~Exeggutor~~ 6. Slowking / Slowbro 7. ~~Golem~~ 8. ~~Dragonite~~ Edit, this all changes with the STAB/effective adjustments, take Rhydon, Golem, Egghead and Dragonite off the list.
Note the "and", you don't get your 'Mon returned just from motivation decay, they also have to be defeated to get kicked. This was confused on their help doc too, but cleared up via Niantic's George.
*high fives Niantic George. :-) Now about those spoofers too...? (The new gym system seems to really encourage spoofing with the need to feed berries, encourage multi-accounting with the need to kick a 'Mon out to collect coins, etc.) Regardless, and I understand if plans can't be shared, much appreciation for steps taken!!!
Check out [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pr3Y5dDHsU) from the side bar (there's an article link there too), she provides great info (although she applies more shrimp products than one strictly needs).
The other solution to not reward the opposition with coin collection is to *not* drop their gym(s)! If they've only earned ten coins per Pokemon, returning them all the same day won't break the cap for them. But never returning them means they never get coins, and if someone does take the gym eventually, it'll be past cap/wasted. There'll be an optimal time to have 'Mon in gyms and returned, so better to either drop it more frequently than that (costly to you in time/gas/money), or never (cheapest to you).
&gt; Perhaps eventually all poke stops will evolve to gyms? If they are now spinnable, why not? Can't lure gyms, and gyms don't have spawns the way many 'Stops do (of course they could change either in the future). An issue though is you need fewer gyms for you to get bonuses, can't increase your badge if you are stuck in it with nobody taking it down because they're in others. Can't collect coins or get your 'Mon back. Too many gyms means less progression.
Actually on the 19th many nests were removed, some changed, and a few added along with spawn changes that day. On the 20th, those changes were apparently reverted.
In one of the videos, 84 from first berry, then 42, then 21. As long as this applies to multiaccounters feeding from alts too, it'll be fine. In other words, an attribute of the defending Pokemon rather than a timer on the player. But there wasn't any apparent visual timer for feedback. There is no way design-wise they'll let gyms not be taken down as gym churn is what makes the game thrive/survive. If a gym can't be dropped, it effectively becomes useless to other players if they can't play. Also you only get coin rewards if your Pokemon is defeated/kicked out, so there's little incentive to feed berries/keep a gym up except under certain circumstances (already capped your coin reward, 50 'Dust given per feeding).
I'm glad to have the switch loop instead of the death loop though, a trade up at least!
&gt; Edit: to everyone saying that every pokemon loses a fixed 20% motivation when losing a battle, riddle me this: What if a gym only has one blissey in the whole gym. You have to fight it 6 times to take the gym down?? Yes. If there's one Magikarp in a gym, of 21 CP, you have to fight it half a dozen times, taking off 4 CP or so each time--been there, did that an hour ago. Also had a gym with a couple high 'Mons, then a Growlithe that was low, then more high CP defenders. The Growlithe was in there until the end. The first stuff out tends to be those that have lower motivation to begin with I suspect as there were a few that had something go one battle before the other five went.
Well, the reward is more the medal increasing and presumed future benefits of that. Also, Raids for more of a challenge, gyms for training lower level/newbies for raids I would guess...
On #4, it's numbers they'll hopefully adjust, a Pokemon over 3,000 CP decays much faster than the 1 CP per two minutes, it's multiple per minute for them. On most everything else... ...yeah.
Folks who have had Pokemon added while they've been battling haven't provided enough detail to ascertain that, they've just reported multiple 'Mon added during the battle. Ah, here's one of the reports with more detail, it doesn't work the way you might hope: &gt; However, after I defeated the 5 pokes (and they were kicked out) and while I was battling the Blissey, some guys from the defending team just drove by and put in 3 fresh pokemons. This wouldn't have happened if I attacked all 6 defenders evenly, kicking all of them out at the (more or less) same time. Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/TheSilphRoad/comments/6izw74/request_allow_us_to_change_attackers_inbetween/djajjrp/
Sadly they only show on gyms in your viewing range, including in the nearby raid tab. However it seems all of them have been at sponsored gyms, and sure enough, that's where the one I did earlier was. So if you have time to check a sponsored gym near you hourly... ;-)
Can the pop-up be two lines? Perhaps put the custom clipboard output on its own line below the current line?
&gt; Is anyone else looking forward to legendary raids as much as I am? I *really* hope legendaries aren't via raids, since having just me in a lobby constantly quitting and going back in repeatedly for the hour won't be any fun, just costly in raid passes. :-( Ditto me and SO. Ditto me, SO, and playing friend. (Tier four raids are beyond us, I imagine legendaries would be tier five.) Having done over a dozen raids, only once during testing did I ever "see" another person in a raid.
&gt; All the people gathered at a gym to raid should create a private group and battle the bosses by themselves and leave the spoofers without much help as there is very little chance that the spoofer could guess the group password sitting at home . All one person, me? PS: If the password isn't Bulba, Bulba, Bulba; it's Bulba, Bulba, Squirtle.
I'm with you. Before there was challenge provided by other players and the back and forth we had with gyms. Now I might benefit the "opposition" by dropping a gym, with no benefit to me, just a resource cost. Tier one/two raids are boring and provide little/no reward (get more Stardust spending the ten minutes catching instead). The chance of a TM is too low...it makes them cost $10 per on average. Higher tier raids provide no reward at all with lack of other players (and I'm in a *very* active area between the best spawning points in my state). I was hoping they had turned gyms into a training system for lower level players to get better for raids, but raids take away the indirect interaction with other players gyms provided. Raids are just ignore dodging skills for a tapfest of no strategy. You want to get hit to gain energy for your charged attack ironically. It's all backward, the best strategy is not play! I then deny the "opposition" coins, save resources, and there's no cost to me.
If they fell from trees, they'd land on the ground, rather than finding something to provide a blood meal for their next stage development. They'd also waste a ton of energy attempting such a long journey. At an earlier stage, they seek rodents, so stay close to the ground. At the next feeding stage, they seek larger mammals (like deer), so climb to that height. This is why you generally don't get deer ticks from being in the woods, but lawn borders and grassy areas with *both* chipmunks/mice and deer are prime areas.
There's some worry of "regurgitation" advising to not put alcohol, petroleum jelly or any chemical substance on a tick prior to removal. The twist is to help remove the head based rather than leaving it behind if you just pull.
The golden "?" in tick perception is the aromatic carbon dioxide your skin emits, so to them really you entirely glow.
I forget the exact number but it actually takes several hours for transmission...checks...yes, 36-48.
Don't be scared, deer ticks inhabit grassy border type areas where there's an overlap of both rodents and deer (they need each for different stages of their growth). They tend to not be as common in deep woods where there's fewer tall grasses. So it's more risky at backyard lawns and less risky camping. People also tend to not realize this, so don't tick check after being out in their yards.
You and me both, I get the notification/email of replies, and only might read other comments on a thread days later if it's still active. :-) Sadly the other top contenders in my opinion won't really give you more time anymore, Lapras, Slowking, Slowbro, Steelix, Cloyster, Umbreon, and Lanturn can all be taken our readily despite being a bit more useful than lesser options (not that list is in order). I'd originally made that list looking at defensiveness plus damage to attackers (hence why things like Shuckle aren't on it) back when potions/resources mattered. But since the change to two fights reducing defenders to almost nothing, and one Pokemon able to take out all remaining six, potions really are conserved.
To add to this, if the gym is controlled by your team, you get an extra couple balls for the catch attempt. So you actively want to take a gym prior to the raid.
Narf.
&gt; First berry fed gives a huge motivation boost, all berries fed after only gives a small boost. The diminishing returns is actually halved each berry fed to the same 'Mon. &gt; You can feed up to 10 berries per mon (please correct me here). You can feed up to 10 berries, period. (Not per mon, ten total, it can be ten different ones, then get the red "error".) AFAIK the cooldown time to where you can feed more berries hasn't been figured yet, it's over half an hour, likely rolling. Note with the changes to attacks dropping a third of the motivation, there's no point in feeding berries anymore from a strategic defense perspective. Note also you get more stardust by spending that time catching a wild 'Mon. Note finally, you get more medal reward by letting the gym drop and taking it back over.
Machamp's fighting moves get both STAB and effectiveness against normals, so 1.68x rather than just the 1.4x of a fight move on Rhydon, and 1.2 for other moves.
For me if it's not six Rhydons, it's Magneton, Jolteon, Jolteon, Jolteon, Jolteon, Jolteon.
**rare* candy
If, like me, you have no idea who many of these are yet, I used google images to figure it out and came up with, in order: Legendary | Counter | Counter | Counter | Counter ---|---|---|---|--- MewTwo | Tyrannitar | Houndoom | Scizor | Gengar Mew | Gengar | Tyrannitar | Houndoom | Scizor Articuno | Golem | *Omastar* | Flareon | Tyrannitar Zapdos | Golem | Jynx | Piloswine | Tyrannitar Moltres | Golem | *Omastar* | Sudowoodo | Tyrannitar and Legendary | Counter | Counter | Counter | Counter ---|---|---|---|--- Lugia | Gengar | Tyrannitar | Jolteon | Houndoom Ho-Oh | Golem | *Omastar* | Sudowoodo | Tyrannitar Celebi | Scizor | Pinsir | Tyrannitar | Gengar Suicune | Jolteon | Venusaur | Exeggutor | Victreebel Raikou | Golem | Rhydon | Tyrannitar | Gengar Entei | Golem | Rhydon | Omastar | Tyrannitar *italic denotes legacy moveset*
During the initial testing "saw" just one other random person. Never seen another since then (and have done over a dozen raids). But most people are at work at the times I play, or doing dinner. Most player activity here is in the evening when raids have stopped. Admittedly I've stopped doing Tier 1 and 2, as there's no point compared to the cost (makes a TM cost about $10) and they are ridiculously boring. I won't do above Tier 3 anymore since not enough people show, making TMs infinite cost since you pay to play and get nothing. I only do Tier 3 with someone else and no longer will pay, solo turned out to not be worth it resource-wise/gas/time but duo is easy-peasy. Thankfully SO plays and has a flexible daytime schedule. For reference, this is the hottest area in the state, dozens of gyms and hundreds of stops with major catching areas on both sides. The old gym competition/activity was challenging and active.
All of them? :-) No I'm serious, lotsa' plants, and more plants, and some Marimo "Moss" Balls which are actually algae themselves to out-compete algae. The idea is for the nutrients in the water column that fosters algae growth to be taken by plants instead, so there's nothing encouraging algae.
The question is, what do you want from gyms? I don't want coins, spending dollars worth of gas and many dollars worth of time to get a few cents worth of coins is obviously not worth it. What I want from the gyms I put Blisseys in, is increased medal so I get more resources from those and save gas/money/time going to 'stops. The gyms that I want to flip, or am just getting taken down recreationally, get other defenders. However even then I avoid putting in junk, as I want those taking mine out to get more credit toward their gym medals rather than diminishing it with lower CP defenders. (Unless it's a spoofer or someone messing with me taking it back, then they get Shuckled.)
I wanted to wait to respond to this to verify, but previously there'd been about half the gyms as raids last weekend, and currently the same is happening this morn: 16/32 gyms near me. But you really have to drive around, as some spots have a dearth of them, and some a concentration, like it's random.
