Exact same thing happened to me. Im heated.
Yea that does make me feel a bit better. Wow making me feel better than Newegg did with just one message
I should've went with Sapphire of XFX instead of msi. Considering they had way more stock. MSI sold out after ten minutes.
- video rendered from a RX 480
Don't you mean 29-1? Lost to Utah second to last game of the season.
Ah
You can take it anywhere. SJSU recommended me to do Fullerton since it was better
Exactly
That's animal abuse
If Lebron didn't get punished for kicking Iggys nuts then why shouldn't Zaza?
Harrison Barnes was in that series
It's great for your value and being fast food, no one can deny that
Andrew Bogut...
Just a reminder lebron has never won a ring without a superteam
Just like your argument of "73-9 means nothing without a ring" then why does it all of a sudden mean something now?
Wtf I never implied that, the only thing I implied was that lebron couldn't win without superstars and Hall of famers
They were up 3-1 but the injuries and suspension completely plagued them. You can't even deny it. Bogut was out the series, Curry was playing on a sprained MCL, Iggy was barely running on his tweaked hamstring, and then there's Harrison Barnes.. playing like he's injured but just shit
Even your own fans agreed game 4 was rigged
I'm interested. Tbh I've been eating terribly and been trying to control myself for awhile now
I agree. Does that also mean I can't pay off my tuition and fees monthly as well for housing..?
What do suites offer compared to normal?
Hey! Keep me updated as well on what you do please if you figure it out!
I live in central California but once every few years I come down to my grandparents condo they own in Laughlin and I think it's fantastic, especially at night. It's beautiful
I wish I could block you
I've got a 480 8 GB
PM me
Why would someone trade a better laptop for a worse one with a dent..
You aren't gonna find 2 1070's for 330. Lmao
Why do I get downvoted just cause of misleading text..
I got a 480 8 GB.. can do 360 shipped.
Would you be willing for a 480 8 GB?
Link??
Yea but unfortunately eBay takes so much with fees including PayPal ☹️
Honestly a 980 Ti is cheap and only performs 5% worse than a 1070. Good luck!
Could be a bad PCI lane on your motherboard. Try a new PCI express slot. Edit: Could also be a DOA GPU
PC part picker. It matches compatible components of your choice and price range
PM'd
Then it's definitely a bad card. Even if drivers weren't installed you'd still get a display of some sort.
I'd invest in less ram and a spend a little more for a 1060. 1050 Ti won't get you the highest settings at 1080p 60 fps. 1060 would be a great option.
Some games are just terribly optimized and that's why both CPU and GPU usage aren't high.
When you pulled the card out you could've possibly fried it through static discharge.
Possibly. I mean once I fried my MacBook Pro doing something similar. The laptop still worked just when it was plugged into the wall. Meaning if you fry it, it doesn't mean you fried the entire thing. Have you ever seen the oven method for fixing a graphics card? I'd suggest researching that on YouTube. Even LinusTechTips did it on a dead GPU and it worked!
Thanks, VRAM is way more important than real ram
Yes always up to date
You're not going to find that for that price.. just letting you know so you don't waste your time. Go for a 980 Ti instead. Cheaper and performs better
Anything but a mini. Best brands are ASUS and MSI
Mining has caused every RX GPU to inflate in price significantly in the last week
How do you find out if it's downvoted? All my phone says is "Vote"
Ah on mobile it says nothing
I can bet.. 430$ for a 4 GB model at least let it be 8
EVGA and no not really. It just performs a little faster. 3 FPS max difference between superclocked and regular
I wouldn't go with the founders edition. Reason being the blower style card. Temps will get hotter and fans will get louder as you play games
Well when Vsync is on, it's like a lag spike.
You'd be surprised
Yea keyword. Might be. Can I guarantee that's the issue? No but right now the card is garbage so your last resort is to put it in the oven hoping that static shock wasn't the issue. Why don't you try offering him some solutions?
"Took Elephant"
Nope high. Sometimes normal.
Yea I think he's already thought of that
That's what confused me. So I do need to purchase a parking permit?
Thanks!
Thanks!
Agreed with big black cock. If that's your lowest budget then I'd consider opting for a cheaper case and spending 50$ for a 1 TB HDD just for games
You're sure the PC is turning on right? Even without drivers the card would still show signal
Needs more RGB's
Thanks!!
Do you also happen to know if those dorm fees (7500$+) are for one semester only or for our full college year?
Prebuilt ones off eBay are usually pretty good. If you were to just buy parts then it would come out more expensive.
Congrats! You just picked a system that Pixar would use to create a movie
Google is your friend. This isn't an uncommon issue believe it or not. In fact I don't even think it's a bad part. Google: "PC starts for a few seconds then shuts off"
They're all over the place. Just be sure you double check it comes with a dedicated GPU. I've seen some with good specs yet has integrated graphics and people claim them as "gaming" rigs
If you have the chance I'd be sure to upgrade that 128 GB SSD to 250. Some programs don't allow to install to any drive but the C drive so overtime it may fill up. Plus speeds for read and write are faster based on amount of storage
Mounting bracket Edit: Come to think of it, each case is different, you'll have to google your case along with "hard drive mounting bracket" at the end
Well that's what I'm saying. 980 Ti is cheaper than both of the above
His 3330 would significantly bottleneck a 1080, it would perform like a 1070 at best
Not going to lie I originally thought you replied to my 989 Ti comment that's why I commented back, lmao my bad 😂
Reset the CMOS. Pull the round battery from the motherboard and leave it for 5 minutes. Reseat the battery and power on the computer. Works every time it seems like
Is your hard drive also installed? If so you need to open computer management then go to disk management and make the partition an active drive letter. Then you'll need to manually go into the hard drive and send the shortcuts of your programs on to the desktop.
Here's the thing. In gaming, there's no such thing as future proofing. New hardware comes out like hot cakes and modern hardware drops in price. A year from now a 1080 Ti will go for 290$ max. You can't future proof because of the mass changing market. Especially when it comes to 4K
I'd do a fresh install maybe a bad install.
1050 Ti and a Ryzen 1600 would be a good combo
Yeah but those motherboards are expensive as fuck lol
I'm just gonna warn you now if you ship it. When I sold my Xbox one on eBay with 3 games and no controller I used USPS and the cheapest shipping possible, it still came out to 47$
Every time I post you take it down that's why I'm doing an opposite post
+1
I have a question. I'm thinking of buying something from r/hardwareswap but if I'm doing a paypal transaction do I just simply send money to them or do I have to use a certain service in order to insure my money?
Used 980 Ti
As far as I know if you have any incompatible parts, the website will give you a warning
Science studio..
That's eBay. On here they've going for around 280
Yea was really hoping I'd lower him down to somewhere at 325$ but I made the mistake and rushed the deal. Thank you!
Also how does 6 GB VRAM look future wise? I'm kinda worried coming from 8 to 6
Newegg.com
That's one terrible processor. Lmao. That'll bottleneck any graphics card you put in there. It was decent 6 years ago but now a days it won't run anything. Take others suggestions
My bad. I've always learned different from that, quite useful to know thanks :P
980 Ti's have been going for a lot less believe it or not. Unless you're talking new
Why the fuck do you have an i3 with a 1080 That's like Tom Brady dating Amy Shumer
Not too long, maybe 3 years
There are no such thing as drivers for a CPU lol. The only drivers are motherboard drivers and most of the time it's only useless bloat ware. Open device manager and see if there are any devices with a yellow triangle that pop out. If so then install the necessary missing drivers. It's also a smart thing to update your bios but make sure you download the right firmware for your board otherwise you can brick it. As long as it's the right board you're fine. Good luck
Look for the SSHD's. If those for whatever reason are out of your budget then look for Black edition drives. Those offer the best speeds
lol I know I just wanted to comment something so I could come back to it
CPU's are for computing. Graphics are for rendering. Games require graphical rendering meaning they require an adequate card. However if you pair a potato processor with a GTX 1080. It'll perform like a GTX 650.
Pcpartpicker.com
Doesn't necessarily mean he will be playing at 144 though, even if he's averaging 110 it'll be an upgrade over 60 or 75
Nvidia and AMD have gone completely bankrupt due to the success of the PS4 Pro. As a result they are no longer manufacturing video cards and they're becoming scarce. Quite terrible for the Pc market as pc gaming May die off soon..
I had an FX 6300. A potato could've ran better
Lol....
Do you think it could be not using enough thermal paste? I did a CPU install a few years ago and I didn't put enough paste on and this led to the system constantly restarting. Be sure you have enough otherwise your system will keep shutting off to protect the CPU from overheating
Nah your PSU is fine. Even a 1060 would be fine. However if you ever upgraded to a 1070 I'd recommend bumping it to a 600w Edit!! I saw you're purchasing windows 7, DO NOT DO IT!! Kaby Lake processors are NOT compatible with Windows 7 and it WILL NOT boot. You NEED windows 10!
Perhaps not enough thermal paste on the CPU
I'd suggest putting the stock cooler on and testing it, if it came with one
If I could build a PC at age 11 you can too
Isn't Father's Day over?
Newegg
B150 M3
thanks for the heads up. Got me stressed
No ones going to sell you s 1070 for 275$
Who in bloody hell would downgrade for that
Going from 8 GB to 6 GB and RX 480 performs better in every DirectX 12 Game
I used chrome cast last season and it worked fantastic so I'm sure Roku would work just as great
I share my account with a family member and we stream at the same time on my account so I think they're cool about it
Nope not anymore. Legal issues
I'm seriouds you need to stop
I like to watch basketball on ABC and football on NBC
Is there a still strong modding community for the original skyrim?
Hm I'll try that thank you. And I tried looking for firmware for my ASUS drive but couldn't find anything
Yes but no one ever says “I fucking hate this team”
At the time he was a Warrior.
Right?? I just thought it would be cool to share
[I sure did!](https://imgur.com/a/HHrUq)
Yes he did, I believe it was July of 2014 and he would sign stuff until the end of August!
Why is there a watermark in the bottom left corner
Two of those wins are against the Cleveland Browns
Yes but it was the 1-14 and 0-15 Browns he faced. Our roster is more than capable of beating them without Brown and Bell and Ben
Because of shitty traffic in California, I have a 2 hours commute there and have to wake up at 5 everyday, yay!
Yes because of the team’s success and it was a new stadium, but prices did lower. Significantly
No
I’m pretty sure this is normal. The processor only runs at max frequency when it’s performing heavy duty tasks. If you’re running the processor at max frequency then the battery will die quicker. The current issue that’s going on with older batteries is that the processor is being throttled during heavy duty tasks
No idea.. the regular EarPods fit perfectly
Me too. I wonder what the second version may offer
I agree with him. I have an 8 Plus and sometimes when I have just 3 apps open, one of them doesn’t stay open in the background
Yes!
I don’t even understand why I’m getting downvoted for an honest mistake haha
I said “I don’t think policy kicks in till February”
We want Jacksonville AND Kansas City to win
Thanks!
Good idea
I understand software is not perfect; however, iOS 11 is a very good example of irresponsibility. The battery life was abysmal, apps would consistently freeze, and many graphical glitches. There were even reports of speaker phone not working in 11.0. It clearly wasn’t ready for public release and they shouldn’t release something that clearly isn’t ready for the public and just assume everyone can wait a month or two for software that properly works.
I don’t think you understand what we’re referencing to. On the iPhone 6s’s there’s adhesive holding the screen to the body and the only way to separate it is with a hair dryer or heat gun. If you didn’t encounter that then it’s possible the phone was already opened prior.
I’m dying to find out who wins this game.
Not sure if the year makes a difference really but it’s an 04
Was it running synthetic though? I’m running conventional
It’s hard for me currently because I work between 5 AM and 7 PM and most places are closed by then. Then I’m leaving really early on Saturday to LA and have to be there at a specific time. I’m thinking of just getting one on my lunch.
Mike fucking Mitchell
Don’t have the time unfortunately. Need it done by Friday as I work 5 AM-5PM and commute to Modesto. Leaving to LA Saturday morning
I commute 180 miles a day so thanks!
Why is Todd Haley doing QB drills
I just bought a pair a couple days ago and never even got this function to work. I just assumed it was a defect.
So then wouldn’t that mean the truck drivers are responsible for visibility if they choose to not air up their seats that would significantly help identifying cars close by
As if Harden was going to play defense
How is Chris Boswell not first or second team?
Probably -EarPods -Apple pencil -Silicone case
Exact reason I picked up a 2012 MBP a couple months ago. Everything is replaceable.
This same rule was at my high school...
I bought 400$ playoff tickets for the Steelers game and am paying 160$ in service fees. Fucking sucks.
Many of us rather have upgradable ram if it means adding 0.2mm of thickness to it. Same reason many of us would prefer a thicker phone if it meant bigger battery
Angry birds
Did you just ask if a screw is going to affect performance
I’m assuming it’s trying to be an Alexa/Google Home competitor. We are all Apple fans but we can all agree that Google assistant can do so much more and is significantly cheaper. Maybe it’ll be worth it though as the above user mentioned if the speakers are amazing
iPad you say? “What’s a computer?”
Nope. Go 8 Plus or X or nothing
I’ve always preferred higher decks in football, it’s better than lower decks imo
I’m glad I was able to return mine today
I don’t even have any music. I press the play button and it immediately pauses. The only way I can get rid of it is by rebooting my phone.
I did. Did absolutely nothing for the widget
I’ve had the original Xbox one and I bought the Xbox one S and still have this issue once out of every ten boot ups
I just downloaded an update at 150 KB/s a second when my internet speed is 45 mbs down. Even Xbox’s internet test tests my internet that high
I know how internet works. Of course I’m not going to be downloading at 45 down, but there’s no way in bloody hell my download speed should be 100 kB/s. If we do the math to get my internet download speed which is 45/8 then I get about 5 mb/s download. I’d be happy just getting 3 with my Xbox Plus what world are you on to think 150 kB/s is normal for a 45 mb connection?
I just want a new NCAA game :( Lol never been downvoted before for wanting a game. Guess no one should want games then by that logic
No
I prefer jackoffs
I’ve seen many many YouTube videos testing its water resistance and one person even put it at the bottom of a 25 ft deep lake for a week and it still worked
Ah okay wouldn’t know. I live in Cali 😂
Would prefer not. Router is in the Hall way and my Xbox is in my room. It’s about 20 feet away
True story
I’ve tried pressing the play button but nothing happens. I’m guessing because I don’t have any music I just use Spotify or pandora. Glad I’m not the only one with this bug
I was born here. I’m only 19
Thanks!!
Fuck you!
Everybody? Well I mean I’d love Shazier back
His calf
That’s an idiotic statement. Sure, the titans beat them twice but to think they’d do better against New England IN New England where the weather is freezing compared to playing at home against the Titans is absolutely stupid. If they played the Pats twice, they would’ve been killed more than they would’ve by the Titans
People will probably complain about those pushes but they were perfectly legal since it’s within 5 yards
He was getting man handled but it was legal since it was within 5 yards. Even if he caught it he would’ve probably went out of bounds though since that left foot landed out
Are you talking about Jack or Jill?
Same thing I do when I get fired from work
So hue Jackson is a better one?
Well you stated he doesn’t have a job because he isn’t a good coach. If that’s the case why does Hue Jackson have a job if he’s an even worse one
He’s down
Lmao fuck the cheating ass refs
He can still be getting interviewed by the Browns.. he’s not getting l interviews because he’s considered “bad”
Maybe the offensive pass interference call...
Well if you’re going to purposely take away the Titans momentum it is. If Pats did the same play there would be no flag
You must be smoking weed. Nobody in this thread hates Romo as a commentator
Fuck the refs for favoring the Pats. It’s bullshit none of us can enjoy a good game because the NFL wants to make the most money for next weekend
LOL WUT? What calls ever go against the Patriots? They literally have 0 penalties this game
I agree. I’m trying to enjoy a damn good game but every call is favoring NE
This game is totally fixed.
It’s okay, when I was a kid I use to enjoy winning in games by cheating too
You really think I’m talking about that play call and not the other countless number of questionable ones?
Ah yes a good game to watch that wasn’t fixed
There’s no point of even watching this game anymore. It was once close but the refs just sucked the life and momentum out of the Titans.
What does it matter when these Titans “penalties” are moving you down the field
Are you not watching this game? Do you know how many bullshit penalties have completely shifted the momentum? The decker OPI, the false start that was reversed, etc
It’s really buggy when there’s ton of comments coming in. Just bring back the old “New”. It was perfect..
Doesn’t matter anymore. This game is over..
LOL true!
This is ten years late
Do you prefer toasted or untoasted bagels with cream cheese?
Or it was the refs bullshit calling that completely shifted the momentum
Not entirely true. They were leading the way then had that incorrect OPI. Then when the game was tied they called back a false start. Momentum was completely killed
Well I mean they’re a young team and that shit happens
MVP: Zebras
Welcome everybody to r/patriots2
Steelers fans have absolutely nothing to be salty about :)
Lol you’re funny. Enjoy getting your ass whooped by us in the AFC Championship
Scared? We got killed by Miami last year and whooped their ass in the playoffs.
I never said I was salty...
Well I mean if we had a decent tight end who would’ve held onto that ball last drive it would’ve been an L for you. We’re more prepared than ever
Yea bud don’t know why I’d be salty considering we’re 13-3, in the playoffs, and 9-1 in our last ten games
Well you’re provoking it
Nah I’m saying if a tight end did what 99% of other starting tight ends could’ve done then yes
Mods pls delete
Runs at 60 FPS just fine on the main menu
Wtf
Let’s force kickers to take steroids and PED’s so we can see 80 yard field goals
Shut up he wants karma so let’s give him it!
Shit this is my first Steelers game and hoping I can make it with all the closures due to the roads. Flew from Cali so I’m pretty unfamiliar with areas but plan on using google maps. Can anyone confirm if I can walk from 1100 Liberty Avenue through Rachel Carson Bridge?
Thanks!!
We both know Ben didn’t make it in the end zone lol
When? When we get some decent coaching? How the fuck are you going to call an onside kick like that with two timeouts plus the two minute warning and start the game off 0-21
Keith wasn’t the idiot who called for an onside kick
And can never make it to the super bowl.
He has one super bowl win out of two appearances. The fuck you smoking
Well it’s his fault we started losing the game 21-0
No it was in Haley for his bullshit screens and great decision making for throwing a pitch on 4th and inches
It is not the right call at all. We already knew Jacksonville was going to run on the three plays
Fuck Mike Mitchell
We haven’t won a super bowl in ten years while averaging the most pro bowlers each year..
You just admitted that we’re star heavy and we’ve made the playoffs, but the end goal is not to reach the playoffs but instead to win the super bowl. Who cares how much we make the playoffs when we can’t get to the real game.
We just need to draft someone new. Simple as that.
But again, we’ve averaged the most pro bowlers each season. No excuse as to why we can’t reach the big game
He did have a fumble that turned into 7 points though.
Shut up Ramon. Clearly you were thinking about no one other than that patriots with that start to the game
Why should that be the case when we usually have the same roster talent wise as NE? We average more pro bowlers than them
Fixed
I don’t want to see his face until August.
We still have up 45 to Jacksonville
Yea except they scored 3 and made it a two possession game..
You’re right. That two yard pass made perfect sense
The one that was ruled incomplete because the receiver dropped it?? And you’re also supporting the onside kick. You really suck up to these coaches for inexcusable plays
Overreacting? We haven’t won a super bowl in ten years and we have the best roster talent wise in the league. We consistently have 6-8 pro bowlers a year and we haven’t reached the super bowl once since 2010.
Jesus Christ just shut up
He’s a great regular season coach like Andy Reid
You’re welcome. He’s a loud mouth and a huge idiot for standing outside the jaguars locker room and yelling “Y’all gonna know my name by the end of the game”
[Source](https://www.google.com/amp/s/247sports.com/nfl/pittsburgh-steelers/Bolt/Pittsburgh-Steelers-Safety-Mike-Mitchell-talked-trash-to-Jacksonville-Jaguars-before-game-113713266/Amp)
Also we’ve been averaging the most pro bowlers per season compared to any other team. So by theory, our roster is better than anyone else’s..
Hell yes. We were down 21-0
Thanks, I couldn’t read the last 8 posts regarding this
I know huh.. two of those games were against Oakland too. (05 and 12. I live in California)
That’s it! I’m a patriots fan and my first ever game will be next year against Pittsburgh in the playoffs!
Me too
This isn’t necessarily true considering they’ll be the road team in the super bowl
They clearly didn’t have their heads in this game till the second quarter when they were down 0-21. You think this shit would fly with Bill? Welker did it once and as a consequence he benched him the first quarter. Discipline is a key factor.
That’s cool and all but I don’t care about the past. I’m living in the present and wanna get to a damn super bowl since we have the best roster in the league.
What stupid shit has gronk done? Belicheck chewed him out on that play where he injured a player but Tomlin didn’t say shit about JuJu and the taunting.
Constantly? You mean that one time?
If any Steelers player were to say that, this whole sub would be bashing him
Players on twitter only say it for the fans. They don’t expect an opposing player or fan to see the tweet because why would they be following him
Double standards I guess
Running backs are one of the most replaceable players in the league. If Bell doesn’t want 12 million a year (who would be the highest paid RB in league history) then he can take his talents to Cleveland Ohio
Which is very doable on the opposite side of the river..
You beat them twice Do you know de wey?
This sub hates confidence
Like they were going to trust Blake Bortles to get the first in that situation. They weren’t going to risk letting Pittsburgh have a timeout
You forgot the /s
Yeah what’s a FS anyways? Does Brown count as a FS?
Ramsey just got pissed at Mitchell for talking about the patriots now he’s talking about winning the super bowl and ignoring the patriots
So Ramsey was mad yesterday about an incident that happened today, in the future?
Okay well you go offer him a bigger contract then, and then bitch when our defense doesn’t have enough talent to stop any teams
Literally everyone in the other post is bashing Ramsey for saying this shit too lmao
Oh I don’t know maybe some high quality free agents in the coming years.
Both teams trash talk each other. Right after Jacksonville beat the Steelers in week 3 he called himself the real number 50
One thing that pisses me off is that we consistently have the most pro bowlers each season yet come up short of the super bowl. Today was another example of Tomlin being out coached. We should have a ring by now with the four B’s.
Well fuck if 8-8 is not a losing season then what is it? A neutral season?
We all know he’s a talented dude and the best in the league. But I rather have a RB who’s almost as good as him and address another hole in our defense.
I guess when feelings get hurt, we should change rules
I cried too today
Anyone in the draft. Our defense needs to be addressed more than our offense.
At least it wasn’t 16
If we just didn’t onside kick it...
:((( I’m sorry too. We both don’t deserve this
The difference is though that the jaguars were guaranteed to run on three plays and all we had to do was just stack the box. There’s a lot higher chance of us stopping them than us recovering the kick
Yep....
I literally said the exact same thing and I have downvotes compared to your upvotes. Fuck this subreddit lol
The girl had a penis
Did you know the browns finished 0-16?
Wtf is uStadium
I’ve been saying stairway to seven the past SEVEN years. Still not at 7
So basically do it before the two minute warning instead of using timeouts
He already buried your grave
There’s been about 3 from Boswell this season and that’s facing the river.
Wow one yard difference. He’s hit 3 this season at Heinz field.
Let’s see here. Kicked 53 yarder against GB Kicked 51 yarder against NE Kicked 52 yarder against Baltimore. These were all at home.
So this is what we’re gonna say every year huh? “We’ll get it next year” Well you know what, with our roster we should’ve already been to two Super Bowls by now.
They got the ball at the 35 yard line. Which would be a 52 yard field goal. We would’ve had to put up 3 stops for ZERO yards just to force a 52 yard field goal which is very possible in that stadium considering the new scoreboard blocks a lot of wind that came from the river.
Fuck me
Tomlin for that onside kick. Mitchell for sucking ass as usual. Todd Haley for idiotic play calling in the first quarter.
It wasn’t fine at all. On average, 24 out of 300 onside kicks get recovered by the kicking team. We had a much HIGHER chance of stopping them knowing they were going to run on all three downs because they weren’t going to put trust into Blake Bortles which could possibly give us one timeout and a stopped clock.
It’s different when we know for a fact it’s that they would run on those plays. All we had to do was stack the box. Also we stopped him better in the second half. Even if we stopped them at the 50 or our 45 with that onside kick, we would’ve gotten the ball at around our ten yard line with no timeouts.
Good thing I only care about the regular season /s
Last super bowl appearance was 8 years ago. And shut up man, this roster is the most talented in the league and anything short of a super bowl is a bust. There’s no excuse for missing the super bowl each and every year with the best roster in the league. If you want to settle for mediocrity then go be a Lions fan but this team has the talent on the roster to go further than the championship and division game.
The offense gave up 7 points if were trying to be smart asses here
Well. Fucking. Put.
Neither is New England’s but they’re getting the job done. What roster is more talented than ours?
We lose regular season games we’re supposed to win and we lose playoff games we’re supposed to win. Nothing new
Is his GF okay with it?
Wait until they come out with “Preseason bound” merchandise for when teams go 4-0 in the preseason
Maybe because these other stats contradict those. Total yards: 306.9 (5th) Passing yards: 201.1 (5th) Rushing yards: 105.8 (10th) Points: 19.3 (7th) 3rd down conversion: 36.2% (7th) So we give up the 27th most rushing yards a carry but allow the 5th least amount of yards in the league. You’re reaching.
Oh fuck off
So instead of running it, they pass it which means we allow the 5th least amount of passing yards in the league as well.. every team has holes.
It was a bad decision. We already know they were going to run it three times.
I’m pretty sure we didn’t even put up 30 points until week 11
I would let go of Butler in favor of Del Rio
Well if they get it at the 50 you have to remember we would recover the ball at around the 10, or maybe even deeper with no timeouts at all. At least if we kick it, we would recover it around the 30 or 35
It would help if your gf didn’t add unnecessary drama to all of the current drama
I literally just gave stats that showed we are top ten in least amount of rushing yards given up
We already knew what they were going to do..
Are you really getting offended over a tweet
Gtfo this subreddit you Shitriots fan
The Jags would’ve most likely kneed it and took it to overtime if they got the ball back, there wouldn’t have been that much time on the clock.
Most teams don’t risk it especially if they’re at their own 25. One turnover and your season is done
Great. He had a great game but the defense didn’t show up. Wasn’t his fault
Enjoy getting beat this weekend :)
You want a participation trophy too? Maybe you’ll have as many participation trophies as we do Lombardi’s :)
That’s not how you spell Butlers name
That’s the reason I said two or three years ago lol
Defense is lacking talent? We lead the league in sacks. Missing one player shouldn’t completely obliterate the entire defense the way it did on Sunday. We’ve had months to readjust after losing Shazier
So we have no talent on defense yet we are ranked 7th in the league? Got it
I get that we have positions to fill but every team has holes. As a top 10 defense, they shouldn’t have given up 45 points to Blake Bortles. The talent is there to limit them to under 30
We did limit them to the 30 the first time we played them. And rushing defense? Funny you mention that considering Jacksonville is 26th in run defense yet they stopped us
I’d love some if the owner can’t be found Edit: not sure why I’m getting downvoted? OP said he’ll give them to a person if the owner can’t be found.
I hope you realize we didn’t even score 30 points until week 11
But if you have a bad defense and the other team gets the ball first, they can keep scoring on you
We didn’t fire Haley. We let him walk
Not really..
His contract was up. It’s like if a company goes defunct. They didn’t fire you, they let you go. There’s no way we could fire him if he wasn’t even on a contract anymore. He automatically becomes not part of the organization until we offer him a new contract.
You’re probably going to hate who we draft in the first round then
Not really stupid. It is OUR team. My taxes keep the team here and my money that I spend on merchandise also keep the team profitable and here
My bad. I thought the brackets meant you were for that team and that’s why the terminology “we” is being used
Wait what? So I’m not allowed to put ten cheeseburgers in a bag and take it home...?
If we the fans didn’t watch the sport then those advertising deals would be useless and the team wouldn’t exist.
Reset CMOS
Oh stop
I just picked one up not too long ago. The non retina models are upgradable and are awesome. They’re pretty quick with an SSD in them and you can upgrade them to 16 gigs of ram. The only thing I’m disappointed about is the screen quality.
$329+ for a battery change? What a bargain!
[These](https://forums.macrumors.com/threads/line-gap-on-airpod.2023811/) If you look throughout the forum there’s tons of pics of the seams. I got a pair last month and mine had the same appearance as well.
It would be fine on Black AirPods, on white they stand out
It’s not my post. I’d upload a picture of how mine look but I’m on break at work. It’s not really misaligned it’s just the seams have a black appearance that stands out because the AirPods are white
It gets annoying honestly, at first I thought it wouldn’t because I’m not a person all about pixels or resolution but macOS uses a LOT of thin fonts, and these thin fonts look absolutely terrible on the screen. I didn’t buy it though to keep as a long term option, I bought it since I’m a college student. It’s still a great machine though and I love it. Curious though, are you going to use this as a laptop or a replacement to your desktop? This model does not have an HDMI port so you’ll have to use thunderbolt to HDMI. If you’re looking for an inexpensive Mac computer to replace your desktop that’s just as upgradable then check out the Mac mini’s from the same year. I’m fairly certain everything is changeable on it just like the MacBook Pro.
Because it doesn’t use that much power, especially with Bluetooth 4.1
The keyboard is great on the 2012. If you pick one up I’d definitely only look on Craigslist or local. For a laptop this old, eBay is filled with them and there’s problems with many that aren’t included in the description. Test it out in person to make sure it’s working fine and nothings wrong.
So far he’s got 3 points half way through the second. You never know though. He may go full fuck you mode
Isn’t that what we’re already doing by making phones unnecessarily thinner
2K has always been filled with micro transactions but this is just ridiculous. No matter what screen you’re on, or where you’re at, there’s an advertisement for VC.
In all honesty though, no other coach besides Belichick has had as much talent as our roster
Did I really waste my time on this
That’s not the point though. I understand we’ve always been in contention but the major issue is that we haven’t been to a super bowl in 7 years. If we’ve been in contention that long then we should’ve been at least in one other super bowl since that time period. Ben isn’t going to be here forever.
You act like 7 years is short. We probably won’t ever have this talented of a roster for decades. We have a top 5 QB, the number 1 wide receiver, and the number 1 running back. This talent doesn’t just fall into your lap. Time IS running out. You’re also not taking into account the other team’s rosters compared to ours. We may not have always had the best defense, but we’ve consistently had the top rated offense.
I can’t answer that honestly. I’ve been a fan since 10 so I’ve never seen this franchise without Ben. It only worries me because I’ve seen both Jones and Dobbs and worry about who our next franchise QB will be. Chances are though, he won’t be better than Ben.
But it runs fine on PC at 60. It’s locked at 30 on consoles.
It doesn’t bother me so much that I want a refund. I just thought it would have some advantage over it’s predecessors aside from very few graphical upgrades
That doesn’t effect frame rate though.
Yeah I do but what does that have to do with anything? This remaster should be more than capable than running 60 FPS. Back in the day when I had a dual core processor and a 6750 I could run at 60 FPS on high settings. Plus he said it’s locked to 60 on consoles so I assume he misunderstood me by thinking I was wanting more than 60 since he talked about the physics being tied to the frame rate.
Great now if only my SF didn’t move like a tank
Try pressing right on the D-pad
Because when I uploaded an issue I had about a game, this was a top rated comment on my post so apparently it’s the answer to everything if you have an issue
I had this issue on my original black Xbox. I had to factory reset it.
May as well considering his team is in one minute
To keep the game close
What I find weird is that there wasn’t a flag until the ball was caught
https://youtu.be/gGUXjbTKuNs
He didn’t even do anything on that play. Commentators are giving him way too much credit
Bortles needs to stop being a little pussy
Hey Tomlin, that’s how you make half time adjustments.
Would’ve worked against us
Compare our roster to any other roster and see how they match up.
Definitely helps when your offense and defense doesn’t get a single penalty the entire game
Cause he played like a pussy in the 4th quarter
Because a Jags super bowl wouldn’t have brought in great ratings
What happened? He went from being aggressive the first 3 quarters to being a pussy in the last quarter
The mod is a Seahawks/Patriots fan
Cause Blake is a pussy
No he shouldn’t have. Because if he was given the TD and the Jags won, the super bowl ratings would’ve been down. Use your brain.
Screenshot of him being touched?
Well maybe don’t play like a pussy in the 4th quarter
A 1050Ti is doable
How much did you spend on this MacBook? You could’ve gotten a really nice 13 inch Pro for 1200
Yea exactly so why am I getting downvotes lol
Get out troll
The weight difference and dimensions aren’t too off from each other. This isn’t 2012 anymore when the Pro’s used to be thick, they’re almost the same dimensions as an Air. Apple has some refurbished pro’s on their site and for just 99$ more you get better speakers, better screen, a touch bar with Touch ID, better battery, and 512 GBs of storage.
I got this 1080P RCA TV back in 2013. It’s 40 inches
Dude he’s like 80 years old. He needs to just retire lol
I think he’s only ran the ball once too
This usually happens when earwax gets behind the grills. If they aren’t under warranty anymore then you aren’t entirely out of luck. Get a cup of warm water and mix some dish soap with it. Dip the heads in the water for a few seconds and once you remove them, keep the grills facing down and get a toothbrush and start getting at the debris. Let gravity do the work, keep the grills down. After that let them dry for 24 hours and sound should be restored.
It doesn’t help if your offense can’t get anything throughout the first three quarters
I don’t think the lions offense is good enough to come back from 14+ in the final quarter
Lol!!! You should play 2K18 and tell me how you feel about 2K games.
I got a really good 2012 model for $350. Loom at places like Craigslist.
So he’s the reason iOS is so buggy hm..... /s
Is there anything newer than the 2014-15 survey?
That’s not bad at all but this is a product that shouldn’t die for over 5 years considering it stays in one spot
Except game lmao
Back in the day you could overclock the processors to a certain extent
Us.
11.2.2
That’s normal. Usually the charge gets reversed within 48 hours. If I do free trials with my chase checking I get charged a dollar until the charge is reversed 48 hours later
Unless you’re on a MacBook Pro
Mendenhall is no where near an all time great lol
Yep and we also suspended him because he doesn’t show up to practice either
Same thing happened to me but with two interviews. Never heard from them again. Kind of a dick move from a big corporation
Software analyst!
And what sucks is we couldn’t win one playoff game..
Apple. Then I returned them because of how buggy it was pairing them and call quality sounds like shit because of the limitations of Bluetooth.
Nah the best of your lifetime was the super bowl with the broncos and Seahawks
Honestly they should just release a new iOS every other year. We don’t need a new one every year.
I mean KD’s clean strip on Lebron in the 4th was called a foul, also James clearly fouled Looney in the last few minutes of the fourth but it was a no call
And I didn’t think any shooter can miss more than 21 3’s in a row, then the 3rd quarter Houston Rockets showed up
That’s weird for some reason I don’t remember that as a finals game
Well I mean you also have people saying Hill clearly didn’t foul KD but there was literally one angle shown and it looks like Hill hooked his arm if you watch in slow motion
I mean the user above said not a single call went in Cavs favor and I gave two examples.. now you’re coming up with another excuse?
Why do you have a secured card if that’s the case? Instead, call Capital One and see if you can do an upgrade and upgrade to something better than the quick silver.
That’ll buff out
In that picture the ball isn’t even in lebron’s hand anymore. That’s what happens after you strip someone. You hit their hand after. I’d prefer a clip rather than a still image.
Why didn’t lebron call a timeout then?
I highly doubt amazon was at fault here. Blame the shipping company.
No they don’t really care. The manager even said that the stand was fucked and no way to fix it. And what do they do? They give it right back to him hoping he won’t even notice
Yea wtf I thought grades were due last night at 11:59?
You can try to apply for it; however, if you have no credit history at all they’re more than likely to deny you. Chase likes to see at least two years of credit history. My very first card was the Capital One student journey. Although it’s advertised as a student card, I think it’s open to everyone. It’s not the greatest card but it’ll help you start your history. Way better than a secured card because you get 1% cash back on everything.
Ah yes the good ol Steelers fan in a disguise
Good idea!
No not right away. You’ll have to request credit line increases
You should slow the pass down more
Wtf was that jump ball, zero warriors on lebron side??
Why would I want my iPhone to take 30 seconds just to open safari?
So is your shitty keyboard design Tim
You guys probably get this question all the time, but in sandbox mode will there be a cycle of day and night or is it set to one specific time? Thanks!
I’m losing my shit that you put loose instead of lose
Not me because the game they last put out was a piece of shit
This feature has been on google maps for how long? People are here are praising this feature as if it’s some kind of great invention.
Well good thing you never got use to 60 FPS then. Playing games at 30 compared to 60 is more unplayable than playing games at 1080p than 4k
It’s pretty easy. Just find the direct download link address then find a website online that converts links to QR codes Edit: Why the downvotes?? I do this for myself all the time
No and no.
Bruh Draymond if you didn’t flop you would’ve got the rebound. Priorities
Will do! Thanks!
Will do thanks!
When curry is cold he’s useless tbh
Curry why are you so useless when you can’t shoot
Bruh James pushes iggy and it’s a foul on iggy
Imagine if Lebron got called for offensive fouls
At least he ain’t shooting like curry
Game would be a blowout if it wasn’t for KD
Hopefully they don’t re-run Game 4 on Friday
You’re a god
Well if OP is including Draymond who is absolute shit on the offensive end despite being wide open or not, then love deserves credit
Lol I’m not Draymond is great at defense but you’re judging love for his “okay” offense. It’s kind of hypocritical because Love does more than just score easily and rebound
That’s not right because my dad added me as an authorized user and that’s how my score all started.
You’re fine. I signed up in high school and never had an issue
Is there anyway to do this for the home page? I like to see what’s recommended.
“Cavs in 6 baby”
Don Penza! Who else?
Not defense wise.. limited Harden and CP3 to 1/51.
Lol I love Harrison I just couldn’t help myself with this one
Will come out with one today as I’m busy with traveling, will tag you later :)
Same!!!
The madden curse is fake. Calvin Johnson set a record for the most yards in a season after being on the cover. Brady also had another great season. Ray fucking Lewis was even on the cover
Not a problem! :)
HOLY SHIT THE GAME IS COMING TO PC?!?!
Everyone here seems to have forgotten that Chris Paul got traded
The twolves wanted Green and Barnes too. Warriors were going to give Thompson and Green. Thank god the wolves didn’t pull the trigger LOL
Lebron please sign with us. We need to strengthen our bench
[Certainly](https://imgur.com/a/3xYSNK6)
Shit now we have to make an extra roster spot
How come no one is saying Cleveland lol
The impossible road
Sorry for the delay! Here you [go](https://www.reddit.com/r/Honda/comments/8q6s9n/guide_how_to_get_sygic_navigation_to_work_on_your/?st=JI9RQGM7&amp;sh=e46b7c13)
Holy shit how many times is this gonna get asked
EA BAD PRAISE GERALDO BOI
Nah fam the raptors
Eh. Utah has a good roster. Cleveland is a one man team and both teams took Cleveland to 7 and you guys couldn’t even take one game.
Thanks!!
