Such epic work done here!
Not to be a nitpicker, but her name is "Kristen Bell"...gorgeous picture besides that little booboo :D
This image of Chloe definitely makes her look like she's hopped out on one hell of an upper...
Josh Groban is a truly lucky bastard for being her +1 &gt;:(
Awww...Kelly's cohost Mike Strahan doesn't get a taste? ;)
It may not be her natural colour, but Gillian Anderson simply stuns as a redhead...one of sci-fi's titian temptresses :D
Geoffrey Arend is a lucky, lucky bastard :D
Milla looks like she's surprised...maybe she's enjoying the fun more than anticipated? ;)
Fexy (funny-sexy) work :D
Ohhhhh......this is epic! Whoever is the recipient of this moment is a lucky f-ing bastard :D
Gorgeous!
Well...Jessica seems to be enjoying herself! Must be a great stress reliever for her ;)
Beautiful work!
Mighty decent effort but I'm not sure that shade of red works for Evangeline...even if she did it in real life.
Well...Alice/Milla doesn't quite seem to be into the DP...at least it's just futa!Rain and a mystery futa (Claire? Jill?) and not Nemesis or other BOWs taking out her holes ;)
Very nice work! Britney's looking mighty fine here :)
Hmmm...I hope she doesn't get carried away with her self-gratification fun, as that dildo looks like it could hurt if it went in far enough :S
Stunning work by KinkyJimmy! I'd give anything to tongue those pink holes of hers :D
Very sexucational ;)
It's a great picture...but is it just me or does the face have more detail to it than the torso?
Honestly, Bristol has to be use to her mom doing wacky stuff...I mean, where would she have learned how to it otherwise? ;)
You weren't expecting that, were you Bristol? Momma's giving you a good seeing to!
Katy looks like she's really like the DP session...excellent!
Well now...one wouldn't expect THAT as part of the Daleks' method of converting others to into new Daleks! Clara (or is it Oswin, since the dress looks like the one Oswin was wearing in her mental dream world aboard the Alaska's wreckage) looks rather startled at this treatment... ;D
I'm sure Clark appreciates the sentiment :D
Another fantastic image by Sinful Comics :D
Stunning...absolutely stunning work. This is now one of my favourite Star Wars erotic art pieces :D
I'm all for this idea!
Yup...Keira's back as Sabe and Jessica Alba is a new, unnamed handmaiden to the Empress Amidala. I have been in love with this picture since I first came across it...it's even tickled my brain about trying to write a SW fanfic to explain both how Padme seems to have supplanted Palpatine and her rather minimalist dress sense :D
Between Miravi and Shabby Blue, the quality and quantity of outstanding SW erotic art is exactly that: OUTSTANDING!!!
Such a beautiful smile...that's Emma's alone and not a copy of her aunt's :)
Holy shit...is this computer generated?! The detail and sheer perfection of Kate/Selene's face alone is amazing, let alone the entire package! :D
An underrated but highly talented woman...the world needs to know and appreciate Janelle :D
Amazing work here :D
Beautiful stuff :D
Then she will have to step up her game, won't she? ;)
I might feel a little dirty looking at this...but it's a mighty fine fake, I will say that. Mighty fine indeed :D
Taylor definitely has all kinds of oral skills ;D
Oh...I wouldn't be 'speedy' with Willa...oh no, would take my time ;)
I guess that makes casting the XXX spoof of "Arrow" easier, now doesn't it? ;)
Well, the fact she has a young-looking face amplifies the fact she's nearly 10 years younger (2 months short of 10 years, to be semi-exact), which leaves me feeling skeeved at times. Which is probably hypocritical since I find a number of young women attractive who are younger, the same age or slightly older than Debby....
You're doing good works, /u/throwaway6785679, and practice will make perfect :)
Nice...very nice :D
The lighting on Taylor's face in the source photo isn't quite right for the body's lighting but I like :)
Oh honey...Katy sweetie...please, just let people admire the gifts that God gave you. Modesty is a virtue, but at this point? Be proud of yourself :)
Simply spectacular work! So realistic :D
Oh, how I wish this was real... :D
The expression on Ariana's face is a bit too forced, but otherwise this is a Grade A fake. And we really can't help the expression, I suppose ;)
Oh, to be that lollipop right now.... :D
A decent job here...not super-versed in technical terms, so my critique would be simply "face/head needs a tad more work to make it blend in better with the body source's neck, especially the angle of the head as Rose looks like her neck's fractured"...
Hmmm...a decent x-ray fake here. The CG-generated aureolae are a tad Tomb Raider 1's "Nude Raider" patch but monkeying with photos like this has to be time-consuming work. I salute the artist :D
Amazing job with this!
If only this was the real advertising for the FIFA Women's World Cup....
Emilia definitely looks like a cat with a bowl of cream ;)
Lovely work here! More Lauren!
Hmm...the stare Ms. Justice has here is a tad boner-killing. Which is strange because I'm all for when Summer Glau has her Terminatrix glare on. Oh well ;)
Subtle...but sultry...I like :D
Utterly amazing fake work! So photo-realistic :D
Superb posing!
Outstanding job!
Neil Diamond knew what he was talking about when he sings about the wonder of a Kentucky Woman :D
She can stalk me anytime...my secrets are hers to obtain :D
Oh...I doubt Olivia's gonna be loving the jizz that just went up her nose...not at all ;)
Pride of the Korean Peninsula :D
I think the person was noting that, if the P-38s were sentient entities, they would be extremely saddened to know the next plane to carry the "Lightning" moniker after themselves was the F-35. The P-38 is indeed an amazing piece of aviation technology :)
Norwegians know how to float in style, I've give them that ;)
I could be wrong but I think the back end come off as a booster and the guide surfaces are hidden underneath. Either that or they fold real flat...
Not just fuel pods...I've seen cannon pods with stabilizers to help with drag.
I bet this was fun for the pilot :D
Well, I doubt homeowner's insurance with cover this...and I doubt there was any compensation once the Soviet Union collapsed :(
Hmm...I wonder why Jaeger 2 didn't warrant a censor bar?
Lovely piece of machinery :D
Now THAT is a beard to command respect and awe!
Definitely some brass orbs on that stick jockey!
Like bumblebees hovering for nectar :D
Angry lil' kitty!
Definitely a sight you don't wanna see coming at you...
Sweet Jeebus... :O
Superb fake of Ms. Perry :D
Beautiful stuff :)
Ah, but your heavenly heinie is done there, Ashley...both are gorgeous, but that derriere is just a level above :)
Such a beautiful sight...and the knowledge this was done in 1942 just proves that we have the know-how to do almost anything, it's just getting it done with the tools available. But wow...large format photography is spectacular for stuff like this :D
Simply beautiful...thank you for making my Thursday oh so worthwhile!
I think Frank would approve of this...maybe ;)
I remember Mr. Wizard from reruns, but Bill Nye and Beakman were my science gurus growing up.
*as Timmy* TITTEHS! ;)
Oiled-up Asian hotties grinding on one another...giggity :)
Looks like quite a lot of fun ;)
Gorgeous!
One way to get up close and personal ;)
Glad it's a clip-on...not a fan of septum piercings :S
Nothing about Lauren's beauty is simple, IMO...but it is magnificent :D
Very sexy at sunset!
Interesting place to have artwork showing one's appreciating for firearms...but different strokes :) Still...gorgeous tease!
Great googly moogly... :D
Can someone who's gained the status of a Playboy Playmate be considered an amateur? I guess if she's not making her primary money from nude modeling...
She's certainly blessed with large tracts of land alright :D
She really does a body good...I feel invigorated just by looking at this Gfycat clip ;)
Simply epic... :O :D
Other than the hair being a few shades lighter than Jenna's? I can definitely see a resemblance :D
Still the water may be...but I know my heart isn't sitting still. Nor other parts of my body ;)
Mind if I join you, miss...my shower's not working and I figure water conservation is always an admirable goal ;)
Holy....shit! She's a goddess! :D
Sweet merciful Lord...who is this goddess?!
She reminds me of Christina Hendricks...but with sleeve tats. Which is a personal turn-off. Pity...she's gorgeous other than the inkwork IMO.
I know mud masks are great for the skin, but I think this is taking it too far... ;D
I'd share my bratwurst with her any time! :D
Well...we definitely know she's not going commando. But damn is that dress skin-tight now! :D :D :D
Which one is the more...buoyant...of the two, for those not in the know?
Saw this imagine in one of The Chive's Daily Morning Awesomeness photo collections...stunning sight then and stunning sight now :D
Well, at least she lubed up first :O
Hmm...I guess The Viper like Hannah Simone. The Viper has good taste ;)
Very nice!
I'd leave the tape on and just get to work on her input and output jacks ;)
Now that you mention it...Chloe does look like she could be Kim Cattrall's daughter or younger clone. Oh...an idea for a movie plot is percolating! ;)
Emma has some interesting choice in footwear...but a hearty "SCHWING!" for this :D
I follow the Jayne Cobb school of thought on such things ;)
Oh...Permission to Land is one of my favourite albums I own. And this song is definitely my favourite one from it :)
Tasty titian tressed temptress!
Oh...now that's a behind to worship! :D
Well...she cleans up real well, as her iZombie character really doesn't do anything for me. Which, of course, is part of the point as she's a zombie ;)
Gotta a few fetishes covered here...foot, Asian, schoolgirl, doggystyle...effective work on the writer's part ;)
She seems famished, I must day :D
She is tight!
I think we've discovered a new fetish :)
More powah!
Honestly? No. My humour was forced. I'll admit it.
So...my Spanish is tad miminal, but if I understand things right? The pilots let a celebrity into the cockpit while they were in the middle of key flight ops? Dumb, dumb, dumb :S
Well, I guess bumping into Kendra would be one motivation to arrive early at an airport ;)
Definitely something for dessert ;)
A wonderful sight for a wonderful day :)
Tommie Jo looks amazing here :)
Hmmm...I've been a fan of the jackhammer pounding, at least from a watcher's POV. Done right and done randomly enough? It adds to the experience, but watching it done just gives me motion sickness ;)
Her boobs didn't really have to go anywhere...and that's A-OK with me :)
If she's offering, I wouldn't say no... ;)
When that tape comes off...I'd volunteer to kiss the pain better :D
Very nice :)
How did she not get rope burn in certain places?!
If Charlotte and Kate Upton were to ever to be in the same room together? Their combined blonde bombshell powers would overwhelm the planet! ;D
Well, someone understands the rules of music videos very well :D
Ohh...I get to ask for the first time! Sauce?
An excellent piece of work, though yeah...the MQ resolution does hurt its quality rating a bit. Though it also could be helping with covering up the seams, so fuzz has use ;)
Amazing fakery work!
Is this or the JLaw one the re-fake? Because I've seen fakes for both using this photoshoot...and both ladies look spectacular :D
Lovely artwork and definitely good to see!
Quite the beefy suppressor on it :D
I have nearly zip experience or knowledge of archery...but besides the model being beautiful? This picture screams "poor bow form" :S
She reminds me of Morena Baccarin...which is awesome, of course :)
I'd lay money on not enough ;)
Hello Miss Harley Quinn!
I really need to see this movie!
Side bush? Side bush is always fun ;)
That's a healthy lady garden!
Firecrotch ahoy! And a healthy one too :D
Well, a lead actress getting naked on stage worked for The Graduate in 2003, so why not here? Amanda looks great :)
Well...I guess we got to see her Danger Zone ;)
Damn...she looks she's twice her age :(
Now this is a fine example of badonkadonk :D
The first two descriptors are very accurate for this posting :D
One of the finest firecrotches around :D
Fine motivation to stop global mayhem, I think :)
I guess someone's been naughty, but I think I'm seeing too much eagerness for punishment.... ;)
All that was needed to make the trinity of Sarah Connors complete was OG!Sarah Linda Hamilton. :( Still, gorgeous photoshoot of Lena and Emilia! I hope Lena gave Emilia lots of suggestions...during the intimate lessons I have made headcannon. With occasional visits by Summer Glau ;)
Simply stunning...I'm in awe :)
Ramona Flowers is a good Christian girl? Nice :)
Wow...18 is getting younger and younger every day! ;)
Oh...this gap makes me very happy indeed :D
OH....I could watch this for hours :D
I really need to watch this film.... :O
Really hope that's a unfortunately placed mole... ;D
My boner gets so confused by Chyna... *sigh*
What baseball caps? ;)
Vintage but timeless beauty!
Sublime work! Sexy but classy too :D
Impressive...most impressive!
I hope this lovely lady has done her cool-down exercises, otherwise she'll cramp up bad. Then again, I'd be happy to give her a massage :D
Now this is some gorgeous artwork! Inaccurate to the subject - and the artists acknowledges the film this picture was inspired by is more about T&amp;A infused horror than accurate Egyptology - but brilliant none the less :D
Well...I think we all know where this is going! ;)
Mindblowing! The sheer detail and life in this is astounding!
That's one big boom-stick she's holding ;)
Crap...she's getting railed!
I...can't..look away.... :D
Well...they're natural ;)
There had be some dinos involved when that quote is invoked!
Sex is supposed to be good exercise, so this? Gotta count ;)
The purpose is more than obvious :D
For once...I'm not feeling vitriolic about bathroom selfies ;)
So so so jealous of you right now!
Best way to celebrate liberty from oppression...freeing those lovely norks from their imprisonment :D
Yup...teasing just how flexible she is, the naughty minx! ;)
Always good to have both parties be active participants when filling a tight spot ;)
Not the best encouragement to AVOID messing with this hot hoops fan...cuz I'm more than willing to invoke that punishment :) GO RAPTORS! ;D
If only all meetings worked like this... :D
Now this is a great orientation week idea! ;)
Oh, most definitely!
Decisions, decisions...but what a choice! :D
You know it's a good festival when... ;)
That guys know his stuff...gets her hair out of her way AND massages her scalp to stimulate her further :)
Well, yeah...all of those "working my through college" explanations, some of them had to lead to a result like this: successful older woman who has a fun past she's kept from her co-workers and neighbours ;)
If one was smart, she wouldn't just be the "old college GF"...she'd be your current GF or spouse ;)
Oh, that onion makes me cry tears of joy that such a thing exists!
Hmm...I think I'll need to see how you do in a time-sensitive situation. Are you ready for a little timed exercise? ;)
Indeed indeed...the weekend will fly right by!
OPEN SESAME!!!!!
Multitasking masturbation? Giggity :)
Gorgeous and those tanlines? *happy gurgle*
The light used washes everything out...kind of distracting but still, the view is hawt :)
She really felt it when it went in, I must say :)
Lovely Latin lass loves licking lust logs ;)
Jacket...sweater...who really cares, when they are boobs involved? ;)
I know that now...was just noting I thought the girl was Dillion Harper, but I stand corrected ;)
She's a pro ;)
Did she dye her hair? Could have sworn she was a blonde...oh well! ;)
She has every right to have pride in her pussy...it's spectacular :D
What a horrific bit of news...I really hope something like a crowdfunding campaign can get arranged to help Mr. Tavernor out :(
Mighty lucky lifeguard :D
Such a gorgeous lady :D
Quite the pair too ;)
Obi-Wan did get tasked with protecting the Naboo Royal Cruiser wile it was on Tattooine, and would have spent time with Sabe and the other handmaidens... ;)
Interesting location for a barrette ;)
Oh...I'd like to hear this story ;)
Kinda too bad about the LQ...seems like quite the album ;)
Gorgeous view :D
Superb shot :)
I would like to take this tour ;)
Sexy's battered but not beaten :D
Love the song...but the video warps my brain ;)
Gorgeous then, gorgeous now ;)
Interesting looks for the both of them :)
Yup...wrapped around her little finger ;)
Things have reached critical mass! :D
All kinds of ideas have just popped into my head, so I can only imagine the brother's ;)
You can really tell that both mom and daughter are totally into this ;)
Good of them to help ;)
Oh, this gal's brother must be especially dense...cuz dammmmnnnnn! :D
Quite the hands-on lesson the niece is getting ;)
Makes me wish I had a sister :(
Dude, just whip out your love snake and get her to showw her oral skills ;)
Good parenting right tere...bonding with one's child in such a deep fashion ;D
Should have told her you meant "pants" in the Brit sense of the term ;)
So kind and generous of these two ;)
Wow....crazy story :O
Can't think of any alternatives myself ;)
If only this picture was taken 20 years ago... ;D
I wouldn't mind helping this lovely lass flex a few muscles ;)
And I'm happy to find this out ;)
Cara mia :D
The pride of Aberystwyth...and for ample reasons ;D
Beautiful pics!
Simply gorgeous pics :D
Beautiful stuff :)
Now THAT is one hell of a vest gun! ;)
Schwing!
She gets two thumbs and a boner up! ;)
She definitely should be proud of her body ;D
This is utterly amazing :D
When I first saw this, I honestly said to myself "Well..Fox hasn't lost their desire to do boundary pushing stuff in prime time, though it's tamer than it could have been...." ;D
Admittedly, it's hearsay, but stuff I've read seems to say she has the personality for being a Domme.
Almost feels like roleplay using Leave It to Beaver as a template...but "June"'s a lot more outwardly on the ball here ;)
Feels more like Anne cosplaying as an adult Wednesday Addams (which I'd have zero issues with ;D) than a femdom vibe, IYAM. Still, different strokes... :)
Eh....Natalie looks lovely, but she's not a dominatrix here :(
Hmmm....I can see it....powerful exec decides to punish an under-performing employee and doesn't want to muss up her jacket or blouse while doing so... ;)
As much as Beyonce looks gorgeous in a leather catsuit, such fashion does not a dominatrix make IMO.
Wonderful album overall, but a few too many pics that kinda wander off-topic IMO.
Sarah looks amazing - though the coloured contacts aren't quite the right shade of blue - but Selene isn't a Domme for Lycans...she's an executioner.
Certainly looking vampish and confident :D
She's very...energetic ;)
Damn.... ;)
Billy Zane was a lucky bastard... :D
Pretty sure I saw at least one episode while flipping channels that had Shannon working on wedding plans...
Very proud to be a Canadian when I see stuff like this.... :D
As much as this is lovely boner fuel...it does kill some of the nostalgia I have for *Boy Meets World*.
A wise course of action ;)
I think I'm in love.... :D
Makes me glad to know she's a fellow Canuck :D
Pulling a mighty fine Mary-Anne... ;D
Pity about the lighting....but dayuuummmm! :D
Freckled, fit and fine!
Epic pic!
Sheer magnificence!
Wow.... :D
A holiday I'm all for supporting! :)
Superb!
It's blasphemy to contain those mega-norks, anyway ;)
Superb decolletage on display :)
Krysten's looking lovely here...but I have to admit to being partial to her *Jessica Jones* wardrobe ;)
Well, there was that MTV drama that I don't think went anywhere, where she was a stalker-targeted celeb...other than that? Her singing, I suppose.
La senorita est muy caliente :D
it saddens me that Megan's type seems to be douchenozzles like Shia Leboeuf and Brian Austin Green....
What I wouldn't give to worship those stems of hers... :D
She'd already started edging toward being too skinny...but she still looked great :)
Gotta love celebrities sowing off hidden talents ;)
My my my....gorgeous!
Oh my, yes! :)
Not a big fan of her haircut...but everything else is gravy :)
Hmmm...this happened just after Jimmy almost tore off his finger....bandages on his hand, I mean.
Such beautiful smugness... :)
Curious about the source of this lovely clip...
Really sad I missed the show for work...and couldn't DVR it due to sharing the DVR with others :(
I miss Craig Ferguson on my late night TV...he had so much fun with his interviews :(
Gorgeous and a lovely set of pipes.... *sighs, unzips*
Other than that shade of blonde not suiting her? Hayley looks phenomenal :D
That sashay.... *bites fist* :D
Her joy is palpable, even in that poor lighting :)
Wow...she's make the hottest zombie.... :D
That backless dress is "Whoa...." ;)
She simply needed to age like fine wine or scotch ;)
She looks primal....giggity :)
She's just so adorably hot :)
Oh...I can't repeat what this GIF makes me think in polite company... ;)
Katniss and Cressida just swapped spit....awww yeahhh!
She is so gorgeous :D
The script was definitely weak, though the villain's plot to control water access was a neat idea but poorly executed as an overall looming threat.
Her wish was more than adequately granted, methinks ;)
This covers a hell of a lot of my fantasies... :D
Quite the view ;D
I was more worried about her mouth...gorgeous overall presentation, but she looks like she was socked in the kisser and the makeup people just painted over the damage :S
Gotta love selfies ;)
Thanks for the link, /u/dontgive1011!
Like with the underlying plot about the War on Drugs in *Licence to Kill*, the scheme to take over control of Peru's (and presumably, global stocks later) fresh water was too...real, I guess? There's a reason why Bond films are the master source for the cliche of a megalomaniac or evil organization seeking world domination through extravagant means...RL issues and methodology forces the viewer to start viewing the films through new lenses and they suffer for it IMO.
Honey? If that's your brother you're sucking on, then your dad is hung like an elephant to make that schlong look less than impressive ;)
Then he's an idiot...if you've had to repeat yourself a couple of times. First time's a mulligan, since you've just added extra toppings to the awesome-sauce coated sundae you've given him already ;)
This fella must have iron willpower, because if I had a slutty sister who'd blow me every morning? I'd get bupkiss done ;)
Guess Mommy trained him well before the Army got to him...doesn't look he flooded her but just basted her heavily with all his saved spunk ;D
Lucky fella, her father is. Tight, her cunny should be ;D
Dunno how any one could tell...that Brazilian wax must have been done with a laser ;)
Mighty purdy lady ;D
The 'wall of white' background is not helping make this picture work :(
Guess air-drying is the best way to handle bolt-ons....don't wanna rupture anything from a vigorous towel rubbing ;)
I guess his spunk is extra salty or something... ;)
I'm a fellow Star Wars fan and a nerd-geek...I have one hell of an imagination ;)
Maybe I'm strange, but I'm jonesing hard for these two (they're wearing mom jeans, but they're wearing the fuck out of them IMO)...but I curious if this picture is from the 70s or just retro styled. Mainly from just the picture quality.....
I'm definitely intimidated...aroused, but intimidated :S
Sooo...modern pic but retro style then? Good to know ;)
Red carpets have to wear on celebrities, especially with all the camera flashes. I too would be going slowly numb from the sensation over-saturation :(
Chloe definitely looks amazing here...though eyes looking all worn make me sad.
She's definitely a tall glass of water I'd love to drink from ;)
Freckle heaven :D
Hmmm...unintentional butterface...makeup needed more work, I guess.
Is Blake posing with a Madame Tussaud's wax mannequin of Leighton? Ms. Meester looks unnatural :(
About 14 years after *Firefly* was shot...it's a throw pillow there ;)
Gorgeous :D
Bod's amazing but her face expression is wielding much boner-killing powers :S
TIL Britney has lots of lovely chest freckles...giggity :)
Short hair definitely suits her :D
Uncanny valley treatment :(
Wow...Natalie looks stunning! Is this a promo shot for the play she did recently?
She definitely remains bootylicious ;)
I definitely like this short hair look over the one she had in *Ant-Man*.... :D
I'd gladly be drained by her any day...wowzers! :D
Looking superb, Sara Jean!
Alexis Denisof is a lucky bastard of the highest order...Alyson looks amazing here :)
Tori's looking superb...but that outfit looks like it was made with curtains my grandfather had in his home office :S
Those aren't sweater puppies...those are sweater St. Bernards! ;D
Vincent Kartheiser is a mighty lucky fellow....that gaze....wow! :D
Gotta take a hand's on approach to stuff like this...too easy to be fooled ;)
Holy....shite.... :O
She's pretty...just needs to believe that herself for the full effect to shine through :)
The tats aren't my bag....but she almost gets me to ignore them. Almost ;)
Oh, it definitely does :D
A mighty neat idea, I must say...though questionable in its actual functionality ;)
Gorgeous...simply gorgeous :D
She's very juicy :D
Ditto....she looks to be a redhead ;D
She is stunning....I'll say that :D
Shear perfection ;D
Definitely a mixed bag going on here....
I guess she wasn't functional yet...needed her morning cup of joe ;)
Very nice :D
Soapy boobs are some of the best :)
Sights like this really make you wonder about the fairness of things....
I would love to crunch numbers with these two ;)
At least it's not a scarf getting caught, like what killed Isadora Duncan (though it was a car wheel that her scarf got tangled in)....
Why so serious? ;)
Uh...are the brunette's earnings displaying what I think they are?
Would make for fun poker conversations ;)
Quite the performance ;)
Wow....gorgeous pose!
What a sight to come home to at the end of the day :D
She is magnificent!
Oh, I see her fine ;D
One way to make money, I suppose.
These are simply heavenly.... :D
Something to flatter your form and tease the presence of your tats IYAM ;)
Good effort...shame about the last minute spill.
Quite the collection here...mighty impressed :D
Perfect pose :)
I'd definitely love, honour and cherish that pussy :D
Dayum..... :D
Showing off quite the body :)
I'll bet every moment with her has a flavour ;)
Ripped but not crazily so....I love it!
Such a delicious derriere :D
She can come get me any day ;)
Such a lucky plug ;D
Such a tasty sight :D
Such a perfect pucker :D
Such a tiny thing....it has magic powers ;)
Such a magnificent asshole...totally wanna worship it :D
Oh, to have a chance to tongue-fuck both of those holes... ;D
Very nice pic :)
Sheer perfection :D
Talented lass, isn't she? ;)
Which one is the slave girl? Wait...it doesn't matter ;)
Haters will hate...but I'm all for this ;)
The model is mesmerizing as well ;)
She kinda looks like a younger version of Lea Michele :)
Wouldn't be so bad if they weren't stripper platform heels...stiletto heeled boots would at least vaguely work :(
Stunning artwork!
Heavenly...simply heavenly! :D
Wowzers :D
Gorgeous work :)
Selena may not be stacked, but she knows how to present her senoritas :D
Little Ben better get ready to learn how to wipe his own ass without using his arms...cuz Uncle Chewie's gonna tear them off and feed them to the patricidal twat! ;)
Yup...Seth and Matt need to be doing an Episode 7 themed Star Wars special ASAP!
Definitely a lovely view...though I hope you're properly stretched to ensure maximum comfort while in that pose ;)
She definitely wears it well :D
2 is definitely my pick :D
Utterly hawt stuff :D
Utterly stunning IMO :)
It would be my pleasure :D
She definitely likes painting herself ;D
The Phantom is an Italian SMG called the Spectre ;) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spectre_M4
Awesome!
I've pondered a time or two about setting about writing a post-*Die Another Day* story, where the aftermath of Bond's 14-month North Korean prison experience really gets to be explored. Ideas like Bond being saddled with BS missions due to lingering questions of his loyalty and mental stability, but passing every test thrown at him (even if a few are by the skin of his teeth, because various officials being extremely skeptical of anyone surviving what Bond did intact mentally or physically....Bond actually having thoughts of taking retirement but knowing he's aware of too many dirty secrets to be left alone for long and having zero backup or assistance once he's gone from MI-6...Moneypenny asking Bond to not carry out a mission or intentionally fail it because she knows his target and refuses to believe they've gone rogue/are dirty (allowing for a big scene between Bond and Moneypenny where he starts naming names like Trevelyan and Miranda Frost to emphasis that their business breeds traitors and Moneypenny fights back with how Bond's getting tarred with the same brush when he's proving the Powers That Be wrong).... That or working off of Max Landis' "Bond vs. Bond(s)" concept of Craig's Bond facing off against Dalton and Brosnan, who are prior 007s who have gone rogue...give the baddie Bonds justifiable reasons for their actions but not excuse them, weave a functional sense of continuity of the first 20 Bond films, force Craig's Bond to look at what the job could lead to if death while defending Queen &amp; country doesn't find him...
Well, if *Castle* is in the process of wrapping up, it would free her do a role...be interesting to get a look at what happened to her QoS character after telling her bosses at CSIS she was compromised.
There's William Boyd's Bond novel, *Solo*, where Bond is sent to uncover and stop a civil war in the fictional West African nation of Zanzarim...been meaning to read it.
Oh my....I bet she was on Santa's Extra Special Naughty List! ;)
This truly embodies Rule 34....and I'm now curious if the same personal apartment was used to shoot these pics that was the lair of Dr. Horrible... :D
I totally can't wait for episode 8x14! :D
A gorgeous ride :D
She is heavenly! :D
Uhhh...do you mean cazadores? ;)
Nobody said *Kim Possible* was set in completely modern times...at least I think there was no indication about something like that. ;)
The fact the animation style (which I presume is referencing the Star Wars Christmas Special) looks like the same one from *Rock &amp; Rule* is awesome :D
Fit and nerdy ring my bells :)
She definitely enflames me ;)
A heavenly heinie and sexy soles :)
They certainly should/do!
A fine bit of nothing she's wearing... ;D
She's definitely supernatural ;)
She definitely lives up to the sub name ;)
Sweet Moses.... :D
A perfect use of that bubbly ;)
Absolutely gorgeous :D
Gorgeous :D
She definitely posses vast tracts of land ;)
Wow...she's definitely riding a wave hard :D
Chloe looks a little less-than-thrilled :(
It's a very fetching outfit for her :D
Spooky but frakking hot :D
Yup...definitely no false advertising here ;)
Very nice :D
She has certainly stomach crunched her baby belly off successfully...wowzers! ;)
Magnificence!
Sharing is caring ;)
Quite the prize from the looks of it ;)
Lovely lass...but the sunburn is an odd touch, less she's trying to breed her freckles ;)
I guess she is Mariska Hargitay's sis?
Max Landis, son of the late John Landis, is a proponent of such a Bond film. If you search...YouTube...you should easily find an interview for the Nerdist with Chris Hardwicke where the idea is explained :)
Gimp masks really don't flatter her IMO :(
There's been nothing solid about why apparently Fillion and Katic had issues working together....a lot of the rumours seem to focus on him being a bully towards her, but besides the strong testimonial evidence against Nathan Fillion being like that from numerous past co-workers, directors and producers, I just can't see ARC or Andrew Marlowe letting that kind of stuff run rampant. Now, something I've seen suggested - Fillion is a renowned prankster on set and Katic didn't appreciate his jokes - is based on confirmed testimonials from past castmates of his various gags perpetrated, and it feels a little bit more plausible than him bully his co-lead...but again? The idea of the Castle showrunners not clamping down on their male lead's need to prank to keep the peace seems farcical.
Caleb Brown apparently anticipated that, once the "LokSat is dead/captured!" adrenaline had subsided, Castle's conspiracy theory-laden brain would go "wait a goddamn minute....if LokSat had an incinerator in the basement of a CIA owned building he controlled, why would he and his creepy sidekick need to burn Caleb's body in the trunk of a car?!" and trigger an investigation that could lead to Brown being located and detained.
Officially, LokSat was the silent partner to Senator Bracken who had the connections to get Dick Coonan's drug connections and sources in Asia beefed up and protected so the drugs could be shipped to the U.S. safely and distributed by Vulcan Simmons, where the profits could be laundered via Bracken's SuperPAC when the senator ran for President. Unofficially? The writers and/or showrunners apparently came to the realization that, with Kate getting her justice for her mom's murder by seeing Bracken arrested, they didn't have any material for big episodes or cliffhangers and came up with LokSat to compensate. When they could actually made the masked serial killer from the Season 7 finale a much bigger deal and let Beckett do for Castle what he did for her: moral support and a guardian against extreme action.
Those can never be "Just some titties"...simply too amazing for being "just" anything :D
Sara is the cause of the glaciers melting! Global warming is a myth! ;) In all semi-seriousness, I know I'd need a long dip in a glacier-fed lake if I got to spend time with Ms. Underwood when she's looking that good!
Superb...simply superb :D
Now there's a chocolate starfish worthy of being immortalized by Armando Huerta! :D
She certainly went the extra mile, didn't she? ;)
Simply marvellous :D
So many wonderful things on display here :D
Gotta expand the repertoire somehow ;)
Gorgeous!
She's gorgeous but I'm not she fits the profile for this sub...
I think the one animated image at the end to tie into the theme of the convo is a neat idea ;)
Awesome job!
She has admitted to sleeping nekkid as her personal preference...something I thoroughly endorse for her ;)
Ahhh...I think I confused John Landis with John Hughes. Whoops :(
She is a goddess :D
Probably means stuff like *Renegades* and other non-Paramount authorized Trek films or shorts.
I wouldn't call the two moments incompatible...M's comment in Casino Royale about spies screwing up as much as she thinks Bond did - and she's not wrong, based on the carnage caused during Bond's pursuit of the bomb-maker - having the sense to defect isn't really indicating nostalgia, but indicating spycraft rules were nominally simpler before the collapse of the Soviet Union. Her testimony to that government committee in Skyfall falls closer, but it's more of a "we've come so far, we've gone right round in a circle" lament when she talks about the need for HumInt (human-gathered intelligence sources) compared to modern digital methods that Silva showed to be vulnerable.
Such a magnificent site :D
Such amazing natural beauty :D
The glasses really make the look work ;D
Happiness is a universal thing when this lovely lass is involved, methinks :D
Gonna have to explain the change in eye colour...but I know I'm glad a *Clone Wars* character is getting to be a part of the new canon :D
That photo, with a bit of costume tweaking, feels very Imperial propaganda like IMO.
Maybe this meme's author subscribes to the idea that since, in Legends canon, Ben was Luke's kid, Rey and Ben/Kylo Ren are really siblings. Except, you know, the good decade that separates Kylo and Rey ;)
That Adirondack chair must be giving that delectable derriere quite the ache...pity ;)
Guess she's a remedial material student... ;)
Lucky bastard :O
The whole package :D
The blonde on the right looks especially eager ;)
Much better...though the daughter looks hammered already ;)
Might as well benefit from her revenge plan ;)
Uhhh...the first two Connery films had instrumental opening titles. Or at least *From Russia With Love* did, though Matt Monro/Munro did record the version of the theme played over the end credits ;)
I thought it was *Rebels* which helped jump start the new canon, since fans lost out on a fuller 4th or 5th season of *Clone Wars* due to Lucasfilm being snapped up by Disney and certain projects were shelved or curtailed?
I think B&amp;W adds to Alexandra's beauty....focuses the eye where it needs to be :D
And Apollo thanks you for your worship ;D
It's not the same spelling, but there's Agyness Deyn, the English supermodel.... ;)
