In my experience in Squirrel Hill and Shadyside the cars with tickets usually have "Alumni" stickers on them, or those stick figure families. I think more often than not it's the people who can afford $30 to not have to move their cars, not college students with little to no liquid assets.
&gt;Never owned a single Apple product. I knew that was coming as soon as you mentioned Apple.
For those who don't know the list of Gap brands: * Gap (+Baby Gap, Gap for Her, etc.) * Banana Republic * Old Navy * Athleta * INTERMIX
&gt;if you're thinking gf marital Whoa. Let's not be hasty here.
I figured that one out the hard way. The shame.
This started out exactly how my best friend and his fiancée started dating. But of course there's the fiancée thing in his case.
I change my own oil but I'd have to go look, just like I have to check the recommended tire pressure every time I put air in them.
I was joking about "marital" meaning having to do with marriage, as opposed to what I expect you meant which was "material".
Blue white pink horizontal stripes. I think it's a thing that should exist for completeness but understandably there isn't a huge demand (and likely some active resistance to) it.
Nope that's where you play Russian roulette with one of those T-shirt cannons they use at baseball games.
Person of Interest. The commercials sucked, but once a friend sat me down to stared watching I was immediately hooked.
The concept of a public government office not having public contact information baffles me. In the US (well Pennsylvania at least) I have the right to know which office cubicle a certain public servant sits in alongside a floor plan of the building, not to mention their email and desk phone number.
I would expect an appropriate book and licensing deal would bet you much more than the initial $5 million.
The only thing worse than an Apple fanboy (which I'm not) is a Windows fanboy, although I'm not even sure you're that. What I do gather is that you have some personal vendetta against Apple. Yes the Apple mice suck and always have, but the trackpads do not. And that is based on having used trackpads on HP, Asus, Dell, and Lenovo laptops. The trackpad on my MBP is far and away better than any other offering I've seen. My point is, had the OP asked for advice on Apple mice peripherals your comment would be relevant. OP did not ask that though. It's as if someone asked how to refill the tires on their car and I responded that their current tires are shit so they ought to buy Goodyear but really the Porsche they're driving is overpriced for its performance and Camaros are considerably better so they should stop being a stupid Porsche fanboy and buy a proper car. If you behaved that way in real life you'd get punched in the face. I see no reason swapping cars for computers and Reddit for real life should allow you to behave so petulantly.
&gt;until your ignorant *ss showed up. &gt;I don't even take my Mac's out in public anymore because I'm ashamed to be label a queer since Apple went all gay oriented/pride and all that. At least no one needs to take you seriously anymore.
To be fair in an actual emergency situation you do want to be naked to ensure optimal transfer of body heat. This is a treatment for hypothermia, not fever, of course.
Mine curves pretty significantly. I have to be basically planking on the toilet tank and the counter to achieve proper aim.
He would be a pretty decent president too I think, if he weren't a Tea Party puppet. Sad to say.
&gt; Genesis Khan She has an invisible touch, auf dein Wohl Mädchen hey Mädchen ho?
Also elasticity indicates a return to the initial shape, whereas plasticity involves permanent deformation of the material.
Or do your appropriate civic duty and don't block a public parking space. I swear I moved here from Philly and about the only thing both cities can agree on is being selfish, entitled, and narrow minded asshats about street parking. Well that and you guys call hoagies the right thing so yinz aren't all bad.
I think you misinterpreted that part of the article. He was giving examples of what neural nets *can* do, but this particular program has only ever seen Magic cards. The tendency to make up words is entirely a feature of the neural net.
The 6+ already has a 1080p display.
With music and content and Apple Pay though it's not Apple dragging their feet. Anything that requires negotiations with other companies takes time, probably much more than you realize, and the labels are sometimes totally separate entities in different countries. Banks are even more divided.
Also the mood playlists have not been available on Spotify since "day one". In fact only in the last year or two did they become a standard feature. They were part of a "Spotify App" that got incorporated (presumably by purchase) once Spotify saw that they were popular.
Did you know most of them say it on the sticker? Because I didn't until someone pointed it out. When I was 21. *facepalm*
But with the huge continued growth of the iPhone and iOS devices as a whole, there are millions of users who are picking up their first Apple device. That's who the Tips app is for, not you. While that is a good argument for making it hideable, it isn't insulting to you. You are choosing to be insulted by something intended for others. Are you insulted by the Braille on signs in public buildings or the tutorial level in video games?
A person who, while evil, was in some ways a badass.
The UK has had a relatively slow and "soft" conversion to metric, in that many Imperial units are still used informally or supplementarily. This is especially true with speeds and distances as well as generally with automobile-related units. Not to mention body weight in stone.
Whose name always sounds like Bashir is saying it in my head.
It discover it contained a listening device?
Can't help you on the Hebrew/Yiddish, although attempting a different transliteration might give you more luck, ie matzoh vs matza (the latter is unrecognized by iOS). Y cambiar a español y regresar requiere un botón. Much faster than fighting autocorrect the whole time, even for me with 7 languages.
Non-linear storytelling. A scene five minutes ago in episode time could be 7 days ago in-world, or even in the future, relative to the current scene. The books are also somewhat loose about this. Bran and Jon Snow's near miss happens quite a long way apart in terms of pages between the points of view.
Now they're going to bed And my stomach is sick And it's all in my head But she's touching his chest Mr Brightside by the Killers. Such a well done missing rhyme.
The house I grew up in has this problem. It has nothing to do with the skill of the driver, the type of car, or the design of the road. It has everything to do with the relative angle of the driveway entering the road, which cannot be changed due to utilities. If you park a car immediately across from the driveway exit it becomes nearly impossible to drive around if there are any cars in the far lane. They pull to the center leaving less than a full lane width for a more than 120° turn. In other words, get off your high horse. It's a perfectly reasonable request of there is ample parking space.
It's just the general cycle of things: what's gimmicky may some day be mainstream. The turning point is when you can say "here's a problem, and now here's a feature that solves it" instead of making up problems to justify the feature. Apple is very good at nailing that transition.
Except it does affect 1Password. The 9to5 reporting leaves it a bit ambiguous but other sites including MacRumors explicitly identify 1Password as a vulnerable app.
As of iOS 9 it's assumed they will be, because they're moving to iCloud. At the moment they actually sync via IMAP just like your email, so they're not encrypted except ~~possibly~~ in transit.
It was Lilliana raising zombies though. We decided the first time it was posted (forever ago) that it's probably an MTG reference.
&gt;we loved getting Huggies every few houses so we could hydrate. to me Huggies are diapers
Note I believe this requires a crossover Ethernet cable if you directly connect them. Some newer networking hardware can accommodate this with a standard cable but I don't know if the iMac supports it and the XP machine almost certainly doesn't.
It's more like Eee-rock.
I should clarify everywhere has standardized on this per recommendations from the NHTSA, but as with all things regulatory grandfathering and replace-as-needed mean total compliance can take decades.
I don't remember needing any such thing, but one of my recommendations was from a Lutheran pastor so perhaps it was just a non-issue. He knew I was an agnostic atheist though; he just also happened to be one of the leaders I got a rec from.
&gt;Former Eagle scout here Once an Eagle, always an Eagle. Or something.
Wait a minute…
Implant it next to the jugular or something. Anywhere that's relatively easy and safe to cut into with a scalpel and anesthesia but would be deadly using a field knife or a letter opener.
I had no issues with it when I took it first semester. It *was* probably my hardest class that term but was nowhere near as impossible as I was lead to expect. I took it concurrently with Calc II and without 3D Calculus experience, and honestly learned more of those in Physics II than I did in the actual classes. I will say though that I had a fantastic professor and the best TA I've ever had, so your mileage may vary.
I'm pretty sure Jim Butcher contributed a decent amount of the in-universe writing for the rulebooks, and he definitely approves of the game because *he* approached Evil Hat to make it after he started getting rights inquiries. Incidentally, based on that rule my playgroup decided my relatively young wizard character can, with occasional glitches, carry and use one of those 80s mobile phones. Specifically it's a radiation-hardened military model, and it will hex out if he starts slinging combat magic, but for day-to-day stuff he's only a couple decades behind. He also once managed to use an iPhone for almost 20 seconds before it exploded in a shower of sparks. I rolled really well on control XD
I consider them even more deserving of the title.
Barre does go pretty all-out I'll grant you. Most of the others just look like Daft Punk wannabes in my opinion.
But like, how do you search for that? As soon as you put "Asian" in your query you go immediately full-Japanese, in my experience.
As a corollary if someone is doing this for you *don't show up early*. Did it for a GF once and she showed up half an hour early then complained it took 45 minutes after she showed for us to start eating.
Well there's gentrification where you actively displace the poor residents, and then there's the sort (which is most of what I see in Pittsburgh) where you move into already abandoned properties and make something good out of them. That said I think we're going to hit a "luxury" apartment crash here in the next three or so years. What would be nice would be more mid-level housing, so there can be somewhere to live in the city that's not either a student-blighted shithole of a building or a $1500/month luxury loft.
It's a fair question. I do have a defs mod of my own tweaks for a couple items, but none of those touch powered items of any kind and I've been using those tweaks for three or four games now without problems. The fact it was drawing exactly double its nominal power (I eventually moved it and the new one works fine) makes me suspect it was being double-counted somehow, rather than a problem with the item itself.
I wish you could set individual nags though. Have it remind you about obsolete units or that annexed city you forgot to build a courthouse in. Match the nagging to your own stupidity.
Sarcasm is best in moderation. I said I wanted the ability to set which nags you hear, not to have it know automatically what you want. There's no mind-reading involved to tell if you have unupgraded units.
Facebook's TOS doesn't trump iOS settings in any way. If you have access turned off in Privacy in the settings app Facebook doesn't have access. Period.
I love all the bullshit complaints from the developers in that thread of replies. Complaining that Apple provides an API but doesn't allow it to be abused.
Seeing that was enough to cement that I will never do business with them. Not that I planned to before, but absolutely not now.
They've seemingly pulled every app with the flag in it in any way. That includes countless Civil War strategy games, regardless of whether the Confederacy is even playable. In the real world this would be equivalent to banning the use of the Confederate flag from historical reenactments at Gettysburg, or like the German ban on swastikas in media (something most Americans find an unpalatable level of censorship even if it has good intentions).
Do you guys have some sort of Apple-related Controversy Beacon or something that alerts you it's time to ride in on your high horse?
I like pretty much every solution to a bug or inconsistency the author suggests, but their design taste for general suggestions seems mediocre at best.
He'll have a hard time finding one that's not Fox News or the like.
I assumed this was a reference to how young the woman on the left looks.
While absolutely correct and good for proving your point, that sentence is objectively awful.
It is usually a refurbished item, unless the release was particularly recent or you very recently bought it. Apple's refurbishment process however means that your replacement has a brand new outer case and was possibly never even actually used to begin with.
So I'm familiar with lens distortion but I'm having trouble believing there's not also some lighting and makeup shenanigans in that particular set. EDIT: *yes this shows lens distortion* I'm not denying that at all
Did the same thing after accidentally running a red light (literally had no idea there was a traffic light for this one-lane alley in the middle of the block even after he stopped me) and eventually my politeness and sincere confusion got me out of it. I even couldn't find my proof of insurance because I was so nervous. Luckily I just got a stern talking to that culminated in him telling me "get your shit together son."
Never said I didn't think lens distortion was a thing. In fact I started my comment with the opposite.
I mean that's the USPS for you. If they can deduce where it needs to go they will eventually get it there.
Bless your heart you're such a moron.
I once tried, and had just said "there's also something called a safety that almost never happens in the NFL so I'll just skip over that" when there was a safety.
I see the same effect in AlienBlue but I've confirmed via screen shot analysis that it's merely an illusion.
"Quinn, Harley" seems like a bit of a stretch.
I was best man, she was the maid of honor. Things just clicked. Apparently the bride and groom (and the groom's mother) had been plotting to set us up for months. They did a terrible job of it but their instincts were right, at least.
&gt;are allowed to put nutritional info and ingredients on the back making it much harder to shop without turning every product Because what I really want is to walk down an aisle full of identical white data tables so I have to closely read or even *turn everything around* to find the item I came to buy.
Kinda like what I did after reading *Gone Girl*.
&gt;Finity is doodoo brown. Probably Cosmic Latte, actually.
Read his username.
Look up a the rest of it (with translation) if you haven't heard it. O Fortuna is one of the least exciting movements in my opinion.
Invented them in fact.
And Hartford is ~~BFD~~ BDL for Bradley Field. EDIT I fucked it up
Yes it is. I have no idea how I messed that up.
Which, before people get all up in arms about it, is roughly on par with the limit for food being "feces-free" or "bug-part-free".
Sugar is on the ingredients list. If you're diabetic you know to check the ingredients as well as the chart. Plus, even if Tic Tacs have 0.49g of sugar each (which I don't believe is true, but it sets an upper limit) eating an *entire box* is ~17g of sugar. I recognize that's not nothing, but it's certainly less significant than any number of other hidden sources of dietary sugar, plus you have to have eaten the whole box.
Shh it's r/science we are obligated to criticize the sample size of every single post.
Well what it is is restaurants know about the "get the second cheapest" trick and sometimes game that. You can get around it by: a) buy the cheapest one anyway, b) buy the third cheapest even though that's also a bit silly, or my favorite c) actually learn just a tiny bit about wine and be able to make an informed choice.
I like that it's phrased basically like "…oh and also he was illiterate".
It's a bug for sure. Granted probably not high on the priority list for the other reason.
It should be very simple to implement on OS X; the issue will be how they handle the fact that a major Mac drawing point for some users is decent OS-level color management. I expect we'll see some sort of indicator involved (menu bar icon maybe? Apple isn't big on those anymore) so creative professionals can be sure they're not accidentally fucking up their color calibration. I'm not saying it won't happen, just that it will be interesting to see how Apple goes about it.
They're talking about taking the lump sum (rather than the annuity), which is almost always the right option for large payouts. EDIT parentheses for clarity
As long as there were more than enough ticket sales to cover the winning margin the state still comes out ahead. If the return was 15% on a $600,000 investment that means MIT was winning a jackpot of ~$700,000 (I'm assuming the jackpot is set to a "nice" number), so the state only needs to sell an additional $100,000 worth of tickets to break even. Considering the jackpot is calculated so the state comes out ahead regardless of whether there's a winner or not (assuming it's run by intelligent people) that's probably a tiny fraction of the total ticket revenue.
But if you're going to do it for the food anyway Coast Guard &gt; Air Force &gt; National Guard &gt; Navy &gt; Army. I don't know where to stick the Marines anymore since we mostly deploy them to landlocked desert countries nowadays. Source: I know too many members of the US Armed Forces and they always argue over food.
Sorry I realize I wasn't as clear as I'd thought. I in fact meant taking the lump sum is better.
Terrifying question: What does that make Q?
Oh it definitely does affect less mobile users but there is a certain amount of minimum distance where that effect is negligible, i.e. If they can make it the distance from their door to a bus stop an additional couple hundred feet is unlikely to really affect their ability to use transit. You can also intelligently place stops to accommodate larger groups of mobility-challenged riders, like by putting stops immediately outside hospitals or nursing homes instead of way down the block. In those cases the close spacing can be a minor issue compared to the benefits. What I'm talking about is places like the South Side or parts of Oakland where stops can be less than 200 ft apart in sections. I can think of a particularly egregious example of stop spacing on Highland Ave next to the Home Depot in East Liberty. There are two stops there that are maybe 2.5 bus lengths apart. If you parked one of the articulated busses at the midpoint the front and back doors would reasonably be at each stop.
See that's interesting. In my experience people are usually really happy that you actually did the thing, because no other cashier in the last week has bothered.
I believe the Irish rationale stems from the fact that they would consider your parent a citizen if they ever claimed it (automatic as the child of an Irish parent); so you're basically just proving you *should yourself be* the child of an Irish citizen.
I consider it pretty much the point of the movie, watching as a youngish guy. You've got JGL's back until pretty much the end of the movie, when you're suddenly forced to realize he, and you by extension, are wrong.
To be fair if he only read the first 10-15 pages it's not surprising he'd hate it. Beyond the striking first line *Pride and Prejudice* starts very dull.
The first app I'd check is Facebook/Messenger.
Only if you know them really well, and even then it's a very clear tap-tap on the kneecap rather than a real thigh touch.
It's really a matter of body type and how strongly you care about passing. OP sounds to be rather thin and hourglass-shaped so he needs "work harder" to present masculine rather than butch. A stockier person gets some amount of "masculinity" for free because societally we still associate broad shoulders with being a "real" man (I hate that pair of words). Really all that matters is that you are comfortable with how you dress and the assumptions people might make.
Right but then the warranty coverage is irrelevant, no?
I've never heard LoadingReadyRun described that way before (but not wholly inaccurate), but yes: http://desertbus.org
It depends how long it took them to figure out that's why they were getting so many strange calls. Many months of constant phone calls could arguably be worth that much money in psychological damages.
&gt;complex maths &gt;parenthesis and order of operations TIL PEMDAS is complex mathematics
&gt;draw Draw*er*. Sorry to pick on you but I've seen this so many times in the last week.
I'm sorry no one is getting your jokes. I personally think they're the bomb.
&gt;Market Districts are what Wegmans were 15 years ago. But more expensive and staffed by Pittsburghers, who are by far the rudest service industry staff I've ever experienced. And I'm from a city that threw batteries at Santa.
Pittsburgh?
Just FYI Alien Blue doesn't display superscripts so some people will likely read that as "10 to 22 grams per day", as I did the first time.
The official iOS mobile client? And I was merely giving a heads-up, but your condescension is much appreciated.
It's always funny to me that a nation which gave the world *1984* and *Brave New World* is so aggressively trying to make them reality.
To expound on the other reply, something you lose with audio over print (Braille or otherwise) is the very important ability to skim.
&gt;Staffing is one reason that Mr. DiFiore decided to sell. Finding loyal staff has been challenging with the recent restaurant boom. &gt;"It's increasingly difficult to get staff or managers who will stay," he said. I don't have any personal knowledge of Mr. DiFiore or his business dealings (I ate at the "new" Elbow Room 4-5 times and it was always just okay all around) so maybe it's way off-base to say this, but in my experience "lack of loyal staff" is usually code for "working here sucks".
It might be a 100% accurate article, but titles like these are a big part of why I vowed to never read *Newsweek* again, about 8 years ago. The whole magazine reads like a sneering Hollywood trope of a self-righteous college professor.
Is it just me or do the three cars on the vertical part of the T look to be driving on their respective right sides? The one at the intersection even looks like it's mid-right-turn the wrong way onto the motorway.
And those juices usually don't taste very good alone.
It might have changed but it's still fantastic as a chaser or a mixer. I definitely recommend better "Mountain Dew" though, whether that means something from Stewart's or Jones' or even just the clear "classic" Mountain Dew that Pepsi sells in glass bottles.
iOS is very conservative with removing tickets from the home screen because it's better to keep it too long than remove it prematurely. I think it uses some factor of time as well as reported status (if the pass is pushed a departure delay), because it will stick around even longer if you get delayed but definitely leaves a large grace period around the known time. If your hour still seems totally excessive, keep in mind that much of the rest of the world struggles at transportation way more than Eurotrain. Having ridden Amtrak I can vouch that it has on occasion taken far longer than an hour after the time recorded on the pass for a conductor to actually scan the ticket. The same could be true for airports with terrible cell coverage and no free wifi, where even if the airline pushes out a delay to Passbook (not guaranteed) you won't necessarily receive it.
From my understanding on a personal level you probably still would be, even if the West and Iran are in constant conflict politically.
What LPs are you watching? I've never seen this done for a serious video.
I think she gets a little bit of redemption by her death being a direct result of her buying into everyone thinking she's perfect, and then she just screws up once by being too cocky and wham she's just dead.
This reminds me of a joke: &gt;How do you tell the difference between a chemist and a steelworker? &gt;Make them pronounce "unionized"
I think it defaults to chronological order of release, with newest on top. Obviously limited by the accuracy of the song metadata. Albums without dates get sorted to the bottom but nothing beyond that.
Not that I know of, sorry =\
I've heard good and bad about both Mozart and Walnut Capital. For Mozart it matters a lot whether you live in or adjacent to a building with one of their offices in it. People who lived in the same building seemed to have very good responsiveness, but I know people in their smaller buildings who had a lot of trouble getting things fixed. For Walnut Capital they take better care of their newer flagship properties than the older buildings. For what it's worth I've never heard of Walnut being outright shady, just somewhat negligent.
That doesn't make the guy not an asshole for a) almost certainly ignoring a request not to take his own photos, and b) shoving his phone 6 inches from the couple's faces during their "first kiss". It's not like he happens to be blocking the photographer's angle. He's basically directly covering the bride's face with his hands.
I've lived a couple blocks from 5801 for years and literally never realized it was a gay bar.
While true in general, hard drive capacities are discrete (and prices don't change a whole lot over time on current-gen drives) and tend to be clustered. One year's capacities don't smoothly transition into the next year's; they're X for so many months until they're suddenly Y.
The toll thing sounds like a physical modification to toll plazas, not an elimination of tolls.
Either you're in a *very* hot biome with no airlocking or there's something wrong with your freezer design. A single cooler should be able to keep a small ice room cold by itself, and two will cover most reasonable freezer sizes.
Also at the speed jets fly, once you're that far away from anything inhabited it's probably not worth having them fly at all.
Humans individually are absolutely natural, for the most part. The "unnatural" part about us is our development of globalized civilization, or specifically our large-scale bending of the natural world to our will (sometimes merely for shits and giggles). We develop and deploy technologies with relatively little regard to the environmental impact; even if the result is arguably natural the changes to the planet occur unnaturally fast which had dangerous repercussions.
&gt;on fleek &gt;I hated myself for typing this &gt;*approps* I *totes* believe you
I assume from the utter lack of nutritional value.
I figured. My comment was meant as a tongue-in-cheek jab at it
It in no way stops me from going because the food is delicious, but I definitely consider the cash only aspect and *especially* not having a telephone as unreasonable decisions for a business in 1996, much less 2016. Credit card fees suck, sure, but you just do what everyone else in the world does and raise your average prices that 3% to offset. As for not having a phone, it just comes across as smug elitism. The Starbucks up the street from me has a phone, as does the toy store and the frozen yogurt place. At the very least you should have one so someone can call and see if you found their lost wallet, or whether you have big round tables, or even whether you take credit cards (*especially if the answer is "no"*).
Every Mad Mex I've seen has at least one of those, even the tiny Oakland location.
So did the professor of the person you replied to, probably. College students like to confuse "we never used it in lecture" with not using the book that has assigned reading every week in the syllabus.
The one distinction is make is that the recycle bin is much easier to get something back out of than the garbage can (and much more likely that you'd want to). I do occasionally pull things out of my recycling if I find a need for them, like needing a grease collector for my grill where I'll grab an empty soup can, but I've never stuck my hand in a garbage can unless I threw something away by accident (usually my keys). EDIT: I'm not arguing that anyone should store anything in the Recycle Bin, that's idiotic.
OP has probably just purged all memory of that *other* browser with a blue 'e'.
But it's not a folder on her desktop, only the icon is there.
It's a complete blanket ban on non-edible items fully encased in foodstuffs. It's not new for or specifically targeted at Kinder Eggs, they're just the most high profile one. The legal alternative doesn't fully encase the toy so it legally passes (for the same reason that cake toppers are legal despite usually being partially inside the cake).
Commercially produced ones (that care about the law) supply the baby separately for the purchaser to insert themselves. Smaller bakeries just continue to make them in violation of the law, because they're small enough with loyal enough customers for the FDA to not know about the violation.
Also there's a very limited amount of time it's safe to keep a condom in your wallet.
I think this is probably all anyone is asking for. It's just so not packing a condom as a guy on any given night doesn't result in the awkward already-in-bed lack of protection. Or, something I've experienced, literally not getting invited back because I don't have a condom on my person at that exact moment.
It's like an umbrella on a day when it might rain. If you remember to bring yours it won't even sprinkle, but leave it at home and you're guaranteed to catch a monsoon-level downpour at the most inconvenient time.
Is 6-month-old Coors really any worse? It's not like it was fresh out of the brewery, or *good in any way*, when she bought it in the first place. (Now, for beer pong or really hot outdoor events Coors is actually my preferred water-beer, but that's a special use case)
I'm a happy Mac owner, for years now, and I wouldn't in a thousand years recommend one to someone who plans on doing any gaming. Buy a proper gaming PC, or better yet build your own. I'll help. There are even Twitch/YouTube streamers, like Scott Manley, who *work at Apple* and vehemently provide the same advice.
I mean statistically speaking it's still a far less dangerous internet for OS X than for Windows. Macs *do* get malware and viruses, but there are fewer strains and a smaller population of hosts so they are harder to encounter in the wild.
No, but for a lot of people it's the easiest, cost-effective, two-person source of entertainment, especially in a city. If the goal is to end up ignoring the entertainment after a while in favor of snu-snu, as is often the case, it quickly becomes the only viable option (or a component at least, as even video games and the like need a display of some sort).
Enough that I don't do it. I'll stick one in my pocket the night of if I think I'll need it, but it never goes in the wallet. The friction and pressure inside a wallet, especially if you keep it in your back pocket, can cause microscopic holes in the condom. The chance gets worse over time
Well, bones are *technically* edible, but also there's a pretty clear and distinct difference between non-food items being placed in food and the naturally occurring parts of food that we don't eat.
I mean it's still an airlock, just a very small one.
The best kind of correct!
Somehow I suspect the conversation will be less "oh my god those poor women" and more "you hid the bodies *WHERE*!? Why did I ever marry such an amateur? At least dissolve them in lye first!"
It's okay in the very limited situation where you're at a revel with some rebels on a hot night and you look across the room and you feel helpless… I was actually trying to justify the situation but it's basically just half the plot to *Hamilton*.
I think it's one thing to have exes at your wedding because both the bride and groom know and like them as people, and a totally different one to invite your ex that your spouse has never met.
It wouldn't really matter, since what item you're holding is already communicated to the server and visible to other players. I don't know if it's enabled in Optifine but it's perfectly possible to also apply dynamic lighting to torches held by other players as well. If it doesn't do so it's probably out of performance concerns.
Ugh. I'm a supporter of higher frame rates, but artificially increasing them looks terrible.
One of the scariest, then quickly most vindicating, experiences I've had was getting threatened verbally and physically by the driver of a jacked up pickup and then watching him get arrested for it. It wasn't a mid-street crosswalk though, it was one of the ones where there is a cycle just for pedestrians. The guy waiting to turn left at the red light (halfway into the crosswalk) took issue with me crossing in front of him during the pedestrian cycle, cursed at me, told me he was going to run me over, and jumped the truck forward at me to an extent that I had to jump back to not get hit. In a moment of instant karma, the two police cars also waiting for the light (one a city cop and one a CMU cop) promptly pulled between me and the driver as a blockade (the guy tried to follow me when I ran back to the sidewalk), dragged the guy out of the truck, and cuffed him on the hood. I don't know what happened to him, but I didn't have to show up to court because the incident was recorded by *three* dashcams. The idiot had his own running too. My point being people have trouble with signalized intersections, so the mid-block crosswalks are basically anarchy.
I fail to see the distinction. How would you know in advance they'll be adding 5*$200 features anyway? They gave an estimated cost for each additional feature as they were requested.
Aside from the explicit use of the word "abusive" by OP, the behavior is very much in line with that of an emotionally abusive significant other. The post might be limited in scope to MtG but it is very rare that such behavior be contained to a single facet of the relationship.
Not everything, no, but certainly should change *the pronoun you used* which was the point of that comment.
Deleting opponents is generally frowned upon. Like the 25-to-life sort of frown.
Guides are still there. If the were removed at all in the transition they were definitely replaced fast enough for me to not notice. Now, linking text boxes, that I miss dearly.
Ur-Nungal, with arms wide?
I think a significant factor in my case was the pretty clear and explicit spoken threat of violence, followed by an action that exactly matched that threat.
I wouldn't call it a trend, as it's very much not new.
Unfortunately Apple is still a company, and companies are driven by profitability. If your country doesn't have Siri: *at all* in your language, it's down to the cost/benefit of teaching the system that language which is a significant undertaking; *limited functionality only in another language*, the requirements have not been checked off yet (especially because some Siri functionality requires 3rd-party apps). Basically yes it would be nice for Apple to release every feature in every locale, but it won't. And neither do any of the other tech companies. To say they have some sort of moral responsibility to do so is implying that access to such features is a human right, and let's be honest we haven't as a world started enforcing more basic rights like freedom from slavery and right to travel.
Technically clicking the button in Windows is also restarting your machine, it's just more or less handling this step for you.
There's three actually.
Without the new one there are already three existing tiers of development for the neural networks. It's not "smart" and "dumb"; it's more like toddler vs kindergartener vs third-grader, each represented by a different picture. The two different black and white photos used aren't used interchangeably. The new one is something additional to that tiering (which again correspond to level of training, not intelligence).
Are you a poncey Brit trying to mock Philadelphia?
Also it should always have at least the latest version of every file (*should*).
Furthermore none of the gospels were written in their current forms until those four disciples were long dead. Even the most central "first-hand" accounts in the New Testament are at best *inspired* by the early written and oral teachings of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, modified and reinterpreted by their specific followers over 100+ years.
Really, if you figured out how to draw a distinctive Texas instead of a blob you'd be on par with a lot of Americans.
I think it's also a semantic argument about what "world" means. Are we talking about abstract settings, or literal planets? Space IPs make unmatched numbers of planets, but barely ever make new settings (because their setting is *space* and the planets are usually mere backdrops).
The question I have is how one gets to undocked apps. The keynote made it a point that dock apps gain background abilities, which implies the continued existence of undocked ones (not to mention the significant limit on number of apps that doing away with the home screen would cause).
But it had more than an hour's worth of jobs in the queue, so it stopped working before he touched the wifi.
It will be two years old at the time of the actual release, which is the point most manufacturers just stop updating their products at all. Do I wish it worked on my 6? Yes. Am I mad about it? Hardly.
&gt;Possibly an indication for an on screen home button in the *iPhone 7s/8*? They were already talking about new devices.
That's all well and good, but the current change is like jumping from trying to manipulate 1x4 Lego plates to 2x4 Duplo bricks. If you need text that large (and I recognize that some people do) you probably have the system font size turned up and that of course should be respected, but don't relegate everyone to unsightly large and bold text.
As someone who started on a candy iMac with the hockey puck mouse and now has a terminal window opens at all times, if I had to pick just two input devices for the rest of my life it would be a keyboard and a touchscreen. There are so few things (yes gaming is one) that benefit from a mouse over touch control, and I still have my command line.
They're time stamped though.
Where does it indicate Samsung was doing it offline?
I'm sorry, but your response indicates you don't have the technical understanding to provide any useful information on this topic, especially when that information is purely personal experience. Unless you've monitored outgoing connections while using the function (or can point me to someone who has), or at the very least indicate where Samsung has said in terms of service or even just marketing material that the computation is performed locally, you're just blindly arguing something you've incorrectly concluded through ignorance.
But in my experience the issues with Message search are not ones in the data layer. It almost always finds and previews the correct message; where it fails is correctly displaying it in the UI, missing by a screenful or more at best.
Pretty much all of the gimmicky shit they added to Messages is directly imitating Facebook Messenger.
Considering the company doesn't appear to even sell the case at the moment, it seems poorly planned if so.
Yo you missed a number. SSNs are 9 digits.
Similar. That was ~~an integer underflow~~ a negative integer overflow. The aggressiveness score was stored as an unsigned ***integer type*** *(an unsigned byte)*, and Gandhi started at 1 (the lowest of any leader). Adopting democracy, however, caused AI leaders' aggression scores to drop by 2, which worked fine for everyone except Gandhi. Since an unsigned ~~int~~ byte can't store a negative number it looped back around to its highest possible value of 255, which is roughly 20 times more aggressive than any other leader. Now, of course, he's intentionally programmed that way as an homage; he's correctly a near-pacifist, but he's something like twice as likely to use nukes if provoked than other leaders. **EDIT** Made some corrections as pointed out in the replies.
It's usually intentional. Putting the seat of state power in the largest city gives that city an even greater influence on the politics of the state than it otherwise would.
Thanks, you're correct. What I meant to say was that it was an integer type, but I got lazy and just wrote "unsigned int", which is close in English wording but indeed wrong.
The specific point I was making is that the search seems to work passably well in the backend. If I mentioned to my friend Doug last week about "tortilla soup", and I talked to my girlfriend Jill about making it in March, and I put "tortilla soup" in the search bar, it shows previews for the relevant messages with the correct timestamps in the search results. It does it quite quickly, even for fairly old information. Clearly the search implementation found the relevant entries. Where it falls apart is actually presenting them in the UI. If I tap either result, *and I'm lucky*, I get random other messages from the same day. I have ***never*** gotten the actual searched message anywhere on screen unless it's in the final screenful of the conversation.
Fudge the exact placement around a bit. It gets decided by some average of the colors in the image, so a slight shift might skew that enough to make it pick white instead of black. If you zoom all the way in on the clouds when you set it you can probably force it to be black, and then back off from there until you hit the threshold.
Thanks for the reply! It does indeed look like a nice case.
New York doesn't need any amount of corruption or unfair balance of political power for that effect, though. Almost half of the state population lives in the 5 boroughs, so while 53 counties may have been red that still counts for much less than half the population.
In theory yes, but try doing that yourself for real. It's great for the first swallow and then your body just goes "what the fuck is this? *Vinegar!?*"
If there is surveillance footage (and likely other evidence) available locally, is it possible that they simply didn't use the recording as evidence to avoid having to fly a witness across the country to corroborate it?
Newspapers are the source of dropping the comma, and the one place I consider it justified. Fitting text into narrow columns is hard.
I've never had smart tab trouble with any code editor that wasn't in a Microsoft product.
Only if `good_programmer == 'Linus Torvalds'`
That argument breaks down when it comes to write language though. The gradual developments that make languages fluid and interesting from a linguistic standpoint are wonderful, but allowing writing to follow them at will is highly detrimental to communication. Splitting infinitives or not carries into writing without a loss of understandability, as does ending a sentence with a preposition, so we allow that variation, but we avoid changing orthography to mirror pronunciation shifts because that can drastically alter meaning across dialect and variant boundaries.
Two buttons at least. Do you just never write more than one sentence in a text field? Having to switch keyboards to type a period is infuriating, and it's hard to make it happen incorrectly (in as much as you're even less likely to want two spaces than the automatic replacement).
The same sort of thing happens connecting to a remote Windows machine from my Mac. I have zero trouble switching between Cmd and Ctrl based keyboard shortcuts when using different machines, but I can't make my brain do Ctrl shortcuts on my MacBook Pro (I have to think 'SIGINT' really hard to copy things successfully).
Usually only if a significant portion of the wait list needs the class for their major requirements (almost always a case of forgetting to reserve seats for majors). What class is this?
In no way meant to discount the rightful membership of a pet in the family, but beyond being dangerous to the animal it's potentially lethal to any people who get hit by the pet when it goes flying.
OP said GIF but what they mean is the no-audio video files Imgur and other sites tend to serve instead of GIFs for size reasons
&gt; "Judge, why is this wurm able to be equipped with boots?" In my first homebrew deck the wincon was a [[Plated Slagwurm]] equipped with a [[Neurok Hoversail]]. I liked to imagine (heck, I still do) this huge wurm that's 10+ meters around and hundreds of meters long just dangling from this tiny hang glider thing, tail dragging along the ground below, with a huge goofy smile on its face.
It could be considered a "back-door pilot" in retrospect.
&gt;How is moving the kid towards the hospital a bad thing? The ambulance can meet you part way. Better to be in a vehicle moving forward towards health care than sitting roadside doing nothing. There are any number of reasons not to move a patient if you aren't appropriately trained and equipped, many of which involve you *accidentally killing them*. Policies ensuring the proper transport and treatment of patients are not designed as red tape, despite your overwhelming desire to classify them as such. Procedures exist to save lives. I can't really give much better evidence that you're in the wrong on this than the fact that a bunch of assorted medically trained people (be they EMTs, certified first responders, or doctors) agree on it. There are situations where you'd be right about sticking someone in a vehicle and getting them to the hospital faster, but those are cases where it will be a matter of hours to get emergency services on scene, not 10 minutes, and they're only an option of last resort. Furthermore, some authority will be telling you to do it, not the responder on the ground making a snap call.
When you say "at Carnegie" do you mean in the town of Carnegie, or at one of the museums, or maybe at Carnegie Mellon?
Essentially at that point you're just swapping the enclosure between phones. What is it you're trying to accomplish by this?
The very first person who popped into my head for this. He's in *everything*.
Even he's at that point. There's an interview with him on the Graham Norton Show where he talks about needing a dialect coach to get his own accent back.
…just use the larger phone…
Part of it is accountability though. If Carlos or Debbie give up their password and are used as a vector, IT can trace it back to them and stick their head on a pike over the gate. If the passwords are compromised otherwise there's no one to personally take the fall, and IT gets shat on collectively.
It's probably not significantly worse for you than cheese, which is hardly a healthy food to begin with (especially the varieties that have vegan substitutes).
That could easily boil down to just never having had proper ice cream to compare to
None of those are weight measures. 1 gallon = 128 fluid ounces, both volume. Gallons, and therefore fluid ounces, were originally derived from the volume of a certain weight of water, but there is no longer a direct correlation. Regardless, at any time in history 1 fl. oz. of molten lead will weigh more than 1 fl. oz. of gasoline.
I noticed this the last time I bought ice cream. I ended up buying some random brand that was at least labeled as real ice cream. It wasn't the best ice cream I've ever had, but there wasn't any carrageenan or other thickeners in it either. It was just mediocre ice cream.
Sigh… I think they're talking about Roy from Challenge Finders. I am not proud of myself
Yeah, hence the sigh
Sorry that it goes against your plan of secrecy, but where *is* the good sushi in Pittsburgh? I've been here for 6 years and Nakama is the most consistent, good sushi I've found outside the Strip, but I'd like to kick it up a notch if I can.
If it's truly because of the lack of obfuscation, leave. Closed-source, obfuscated code does not increase security, it decreases it. But first point out that the numerous Linux-based systems likely in use around the firm are equally or more "insecure" for the same reasons.
Largely just due to more people being on the road at once. There's some impact from drunk driving but it's mostly quantity of vehicles.
It says something about a character though that people are refusing to read stories about him. He could be having the greatest story arc and character development of any media ever, but he started off so boring and 2D that many people have already written him off as a hated character. For a lot of the fans he already failed as the primary protagonist, and that's practically impossible to come back from. A similar character, off the top of my head, is Lwaxana Troi in Star Trek TNG. She actually does have a couple decent stories and some character development (which for an infrequently reoccurring TV character is a big deal), but she starts out so insufferable that I actively avoided her episodes until the grand plot arcs of DS9 forced me to watch every single episode to keep up. If she'd been a main character early on she might have killed the show before she got a chance to eventually bloom.
Lack of Target Display Mode actually boils down to the same technical hurdle preventing a standalone 5k display. The iMac can do some hidden double interface trickery to facilitate sending that much information to the screen, because the bandwidth exceeds any single connection commonly available today, but doing the same with an external display would be kludgy at best and not work with the single-Thunderbolt (or single USB-C) laptop designs anyway.
I think they're using T9?
Imagine setting their password to an injection attack + base-64 encoding of a virus in order to infiltrate a system.
The same reason IT usually can't just set a permanent password for you. No *person*, even at the bank, should know your PIN, just like no one even in IT should know your password.
Architecturally there's no difference between your iMac and one of those HP all-in-one computers. You can just install and run Windows on it, but Bootcamp is designed to make it easier to set up (and includes drivers for the Mac hardware), especially if you want to dual-boot. But to answer your specific questions: 1. Difficulty is hard to judge. If you can follow prompts it's pretty straightforward and will probably work just fine, but troubleshooting can become exponentially harder. Certainly make a complete backup first, in case things go south you can start over. If you have a computer-savvy friend it might be good to keep them in mind just in case. 2. Windows will be exactly the same as if it was installed fresh on any computer. No user files, no software. You can definitely run both Word and Photoshop under Windows, but you need the Windows version of each. If you have an Office or Creative Cloud subscription it might be an easy download and install, but if not you'll have to buy new copies for Windows. 3. You have read-only access to your OS X files while in Windows. If you want to change anything you'll have to copy it over to the Windows partition. 4. I know for a fact you can still buy it on Amazon, and you can probably find other online retailers as well.
I'm making a separate comment thread to keep this discussion separate: what aspects of OS X don't you like? I don't mean to try to change your mind, but if it's possible to address or correct particular issues you're having on the Mac side that seems worthwhile to take a look at. There's a lot of stuff that people will tell you that you can't do in OS X that is just misinformation or old propaganda (ever heard "Macs can't right click"? That hasn't even been the default configuration for over a decade and people still parrot it).
Nominations are a separately important metric. With all of these awards (EGOT) you're only competing against other releases from the same year. Some years end up super stacked for good movies, like 1995 (when *Forrest Gump*, *Shawshank Redemption*, and *Pulp Fiction* competed for Best Picture) or 1997 (*The Lost World*, *Good Will Hunting*, *Titanic*, *Men in Black*, *Starship Troopers*, and *The Fifth Element* all came out that year, although science fiction movies tend not to be huge Oscar winners).
I've done no work on sarcasm in particular but I am also an interested computational linguist.
They also don't automatically download if your restore from your old phone.
It does come pre installed, but if you restore your new phone from the old one it won't automatically re-download them.
Just to single out the conclusion you're meant to draw from the explanations of GB vs GiB: the discrepancy scales with the total amount of storage. The 16GB model is only off by 384MiB, but the 128GB model is off by ~3GiB. In both cases that's about a 2.4% "loss". That's before any disk overhead and software installation, which of course knocks user-available storage space down even further (but is usually a fairly absolute amount not dependent on the total amount of storage).
Oooh the bank's lawyers probably had a field day with that one
Just take a peek at their comment history, then decide if you want to actually engage with them in any way.
The thing is (and I've experienced this firsthand, just not with a tiny Eiffel Tower) that unless you have a super low premium insurance plan it's not that hard to hit your out-of-pocket maximum if you make a trip to an emergency room (because they're damn expensive themselves). If that's the case it literally doesn't matter whether you got there in an Uber or in an ambulance, you're paying your limit and then the insurance covers 100% of qualifying care above it.
But be prepared to arrive and wait, because stabilized objects under the skin are nowhere near top ER priority.
Flip cards are the ones from Kamigawa. These are double-faced cards.
They didn't vote to leave the UN…
The best part is that he didn't even actually get the patent.
They can in fact be brighter than existing lights, and are also more directional. I'm not sure what you're arguing.
Nicer looking for what purpose? Granted they do seem overly expensive but they look fine and are internal parts anyway.
I always wondered why it did that. Makes sense.
Terminal bell trying to type input to a broken pipe, with computer at full volume. That would be my guess.
That seems pretty reasonable, contacting IT about a popup specifically mentioning IT.
By default repeat calls from any number within 3 minutes bypass DND. There's a separate setting to allow calls from certain contacts through the first time.
Perhaps not NYC to Vegas, but my first college roommate was crushed to learn that Pittsburgh→New York City was not a 2-hour drive. It wasn't until I overlaid a map of his native Israel on the drive that it really clicked.
I hate to break it to you, but you're not European…
If the package has utility beyond containing the food that's the caveat to the rule. Chips benefit from the air padding. Microwave frozen dinners need space to stir and cut the food while preparing/eating, and so it's not all a densely packed block of ice (try microwaving ice sometime). Soft drinks need airspace at the top so they don't fizz over the rim *every single time* you open one. Parmesan cheese (and other clumpy things in shakers) need run-up space so it de-clumps as you shake it; if it was full and clumped you'd have to take the lid off and stab it to break it up.
To be fair that's the only common name I can think of that's shared by a Greek goddess. Not too many Aphrodites or Heras around.
Maybe not actually [Elwyn](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elwyn,_Pennsylvania), though.
But in San Andreas, Los Santos is LA with a dash of San Francisco. There's not a separate city for it (instead there's small NorCal towns so the geography gets represented). As for Las Vegas I have no idea what you're talking about. The desert town in SA is way more Mojave than a ritzy gambling location.
And they just republish the first one with new photos every time there's a mass shooting.
The licensing-dispute free alternative to Blofield. Bielefeld, head of SPOOKYGHOST.
It's where everyone retires to
The email thing is using a standard HTML specification to fill in the address, subject, and body of the email. Directing to the App Store is a known battle between the convenience feature of letting sites link to their mobile app and people using it nefariously. The ones that stay open are just somehow blocking user interaction with the browser tab (I don't know how they do it on iOS Safari but the old desktop standard was to open an endless string of modal dialogs). None of them are "malware" or really affect your device in any meaningful way. They're just annoying. tl;dr no
Anyone who sat in a large quiet room found it obnoxious. In college classes she'd get activated accidentally all the time by people shifting in their seats, and while the talking was reasonable muffled the "ding-ding" was audible from across a huge lecture hall.
This actually disagrees with the fundamental definition of a language (of which there are various specific implementations but which share basic tenets), that they are arbitrary. Because of that the kiki/bouba experiment outcome is considered to be an example of sociolinguistic bias rather than a fundamental of language development. Similar examples that are specifically disproved: nodding as universal "yes" gesture and head shaking as "no" (counterexample: Bulgaria), and onomatopoeia (contrast the sound roosters make, even in closely related languages).
All taxes are paid in part by both buyer and seller regardless of who it's nominally levied on, in proportion with the elasticity of the good. Econ 101.
I don't need to, because that is exactly how tax burdens work. You're welcome to Google it if you don't believe me (the term you're looking for is "tax burden"), and you should find that several of the results are literally slides from Econ 101 classes at various universities.
They're not that tiny. The overhead ones typically have 18"+ diameter lights.
I honestly can't think of a (well-known) character more quintessentially Lawful Evil than Umbridge.
For a more insidious power error try forgetting an extra power connection to a graphics card. I did that on my first build. It would boot and even run fine until the card clocked itself up and then the whole thing would crash. Took forever to notice I'd only removed one of the two rubber shipping guards.
Until Google forked the project into Blink, Safari and Chrome shared the WebKit rendering engine. The Chrome JavaScript backend was custom though (and much faster).
Most credit cards have some sort of consumer protection built in. Basically you can "charge back" purchases where the other party fails to uphold their end of the transaction. Usually the card company will strike it from your statement immediately and, if they've already paid out the charge to the merchant, handle getting the money back. Basically, instead of *you* trying to convince the merchant to refund you, you get it refunded and then the much bigger and scarier card company is the one dealing with the merchant.
It was a 9800GX2. It *needed* the extra connectors.
I love how hard they'll try to use that command even after they've already watched the shit hit the fan.
You may be correct about the implementation in iOS devices for all I know, but the hold-to-power-down function can absolutely be done in hardware (or read-only software on a dedicated chip) and often is. My desktop responds to a held down power button even without a CPU installed.
Note they didn't say to turn on the microwave.
This is an application of shaders I can get behind though. The effect is closer to messing with the curves in a photo editing suite than a total visual change (cast shadows aside).
Mainly the last one. Even the most pretentious person will at least *try* to not starve to death. They might not be able to cook in any meaningful capacity but it doesn't take any special knowledge to slap an ear of corn in the fire.
The only surprising part about this is that apparently most people can hear the lyrics.
To be honest the US and UK could both use the help.
Yeah my first thought was "is that a bridge to STATEN ISLAND?"
Caveat: it takes two to tango. If the other party is on a standard cell signal your quality gain is much less significant, but as long as both parties are on Wi-Fi/VoLTE it makes normal cell calls sound like a muddled mess.
Don't meet your son on any bridges
The best part is that if you buy the book the week before classes start you won't be able to return them once they do begin.
Buildings is the winner.
You might be the only person I've heard call SublimeText "limited"
I am not sure that the state government of North Carolina would be an improvement.
There's probably an iPhone or two in the ter'angreal storage room in Tar Valon, next to the Mercedes hood ornament.
Stainless steel is also roughly 2.5x as strong as steel (just grabbing an average Young's modulus for each here). That works out (roughly) to equal weight with equal strength at a thinner material cross section.
Those have the same volume of the metal. Of course the steel one is heavier because it's the same size with a denser material. This is about using less of the material because it is denser and stronger.
This is why triggers are usually things like "Hey Siri" or "OK Google" or "Hey Cortana", so you can talk *about* them without triggering them. For examples of why it's important, see how often people's Xbox Ones were responding to their own audio if it contained the trigger word (just "Xbox").
I watched this purely to make sure "warp core breach a lot sooner than you think" was represented.
It works way better for singing than naturalistic speech.
As long as we can set area restrictions to some degree so people can't build superhighways through our neighborhoods with *no* repercussions =P
That's not what's meant by that. You get an indication that you pushed a button (maybe even if you're lucky you get a unique response per button), but good luck finding a button on a touch screen purely by feel. There is technology to make touch buttons "tactile" but it's appeared on few consumer products and no Apple ones.
It takes you 10+ minutes to peel an orange? I'm not saying it's not difficult especially for someone struggling with dexterity problems, but for a reasonably healthy person it's like 4 minutes *tops*.
Yes. Young women have been tried for producing and distributing child porn for taking nude photos of themselves and sending them to someone.
That's like textbook attempted murder. Holy shit.
I always thought the red light ones were the laser, and optical were not (or just an IR light). Have I been wrong my whole life!?
It should be the same though except the hostname, which if they're meant to access it they should have been told, no?
\*Hides in luser shame\*
Limp and stifling.
The fact it has a unit next to it. If they reported it as "battery life score, higher is better" no one would complain about it being unrealistic. You could have the methodology in a footnote for people who care to know.
It seems in Safari that it sometimes doesn't work (as in doesn't trigger a reload at all). I've never been able to consistently reproduce it though.
I think ones with red pages break out retainer services vs single contract ones. So like lawyers are in the red section while plumbers or electricians are in the yellow. But I haven't actually opened one since I was about 10 so I may be remembering wrong.
Right, they were taking issue with "not loading an operating system", which MSDOS is.
But the point is it's not even engineering. Armatures are *standard* in sculpture. I too learned that in middle school art class.
I was merely pointing out why people were disagreeing. No need to be rude.
&gt;no one has appreciated my flyers jerseys 🤔 I know you're probably joking, but Pittsburgh sports fans are only nicer by comparison to Philly sports fans. You wouldn't wear a Cowboys jersey on South Street (if you value your health); I also wouldn't wear a Flyers jersey in South Side.
Reversible encryption is, frankly, useless. If you're storing passwords that way, shame on you. They might as well be plaintext.
The grilles are actually partially cosmetic, if I remember the teardown correctly. That's not a complaint at all, since they do sound so good, but it's partially an aesthetic thing.
I think those are actually hoses of some sort.
I use names from Lord of the Rings. Physically "permanent" devices are named for places, so Bree or Minas Tirith or Orthanc (the tower of Isengard). Laptops and mobile devices get character names like Gandalf or Pippin. One exception, the firewall is Shelob.
Wait guys he's okay he's just a different kind of nerd. *Temba, with arms wide.*
If you turn on "Use precise location" at the bottom of the search page it should behave more how you'd expect. I think it still asks once per day but it's much more manageable.
It's not the all day cafe.
Yes. You're agreeing with the post you responded to.
And definitely not "that is"
*Every* day.
I'm reading "I'll be there at 5pm" as a figurative statement being clarify, but you're right that it's a weird thing to be doing and I'm not sure why my brain went that route.
I often have the opposite problem. \*listening to Apple Music\* "Siri, what song is this?" "Let me listen… I don't know this one" "Siri what song are you currently playing" "Here's what I found on the web for 'Siri what song are you currently playing" "Dammit Siri" "No need to be rude"
Are you not signed into your Apple ID on the phone?
Also text month name. Which sorts as April, August, December…
The trigger point is 16ft total river depth (I believe that's what the information means by water level in London, rather than 16ft of floodwater) and the gates are 66ft high at full deployment.
With all the people complaining on Twitter I have to wonder if they even use Linux.
You're equating fitness with skill. I fire a gun less than once a year, but except maybe for the first couple shots I don't get noticeably worse at it over the break (and that's usually me getting used to the specific firearm). Likewise with cooking or the things I do that qualify as crafting. The loss of experience makes sense, and even dropping a level or two possibly, but there is a real-life cap to how much skill a human can lose once they reach a certain proficiency in it (barring physical or mental injury).
I'm not saying people don't play Minecraft on Linux, I'm saying I wouldn't expect people who use Linux to be complaining about software conforming to the package manager instead of separately auto-updating.
&gt;1 million dollars is enough money to pay someone to find you a nicer, even more convenient apartment, move all of your things, change all of your forms, pay your rent for the rest of your life, and live very comfortably. A high floor apartment facing Central Park with maid service? The $1 million might pay your rent for several years if you're lucky, not even touching the living expenses and things.
On the other hand, being a decent renter from a shit landlord can be a life-ruining nightmare. I had one try to take me to small claims because he decided I hadn't paid rent in two months (I had, and had documentation to prove it); the only way I avoided it was by sending a letter threatening to take *him* to court over the numerous code violations and unresolved maintenance issues (some of which were specifically spelled out as requirements in the lease). When I moved out he kept half my security deposit for "cleaning fees" (it was spotless, and considering it wasn't cleaned before I moved in I doubt a cleaner was ever hired) and "large furniture removal fees" (which I presume meant either the fridge or AC unit by the "coolant disposal" subfee, both of which belonged to the unit). It's a shame, it was a lovely apartment that just desperately needed a month's rent worth of maintenance to make it properly livable.
Was it UPMC by any chance?
Nothing brings such sweet joy as, after being continually hounded by an assholish work truck (and I have pretty strong standards for that label, I respect a good politely-aggressive New York style driver) seeing the little "How's my driving" sign once they pass. Every time I've called one of those numbers they've pulled up the truck assignments and sighed exasperatedly when they saw the employee name. And before people yell at me, I'm talking driving on the shoulder to pass, tailgating me in the far right lane when I'm doing 10 over on an empty highway, weaving in and out sort of driving.
Are steam vents still randomized, or are they also tied to the seed now?
Sounds good! ~~Just FYI the documentation sample link gives a GitHub Pages 404; I don't know if you just haven't pushed the sample yet or if it's actually an issue.~~ It stopped doing that in the time it took me to make the comment. All is well.
They also own Jaguar and Land Rover.
Procrasturbating
This is what makes you realize when we say "building a PC" most of us mean "assembling a PC". And OP is even doing much more hardcore *assembly* than we would.
&gt;FTFY. No one should be using 32 bit Java at this point. There might be exceptions to this, but if you are one you wouldn't need this advice anyway.
Just update your Java for fuck's sake.
The old version isn't going to stop working, it just means a future version will require Java 8.
You're actually pretty correct. If the variable is USER then $USER represents the value stored in it.
Oatmeal raisin is delicious. Oatmeal raisin when you expect chocolate chip is profoundly disappointing.
Good — a scarily large and powerful minority of Americans
A personified vision of hunger sits at the edge of the scene. It is rendered in a modern style.
"Breaking and entering" is one charge. Even if you don't break anything it's still B&amp;E
Halo 2 was the epitome of split-screen classic MP. Halo 3 was an excellent online MP.
Wait 3.5 seasons or 3.5 years?
Yeah starve until you miscarry is one type of abortion I think everyone could agree to ban.
\* does a flip \*
I really like pickles and I'm probably not above 5%.
Honestly *no one* is going to accidentally decapitate someone while doing surgery on a leg. They might botch something really badly and have the patient die on the table, but if the doctor saws the patient's head off for any reason that's just murder (and it might be neat if traits and relationships increased the chance of that).
Sorry! That makes sense, forgive my rudeness. I hope you and your family find a welcoming physical and spiritual home here in Pittsburgh.
And yet even he was cutting the right body part, he just cut a little too far.
Might be a language confusion, i.e. OP doesn't distinguish the word for a circuit breaker and a surge protector without additional context.
And disallow wallpaper changing.
M'Fremen
She really shouldn't have said it in the first place. If she works healthcare she's almost certainly a mandatory reporter of some kind. Hell, I once muttered "if this bus is any later I'm going to fucking kill myself" under my breath while making a doctor's appointment on the phone, and the next thing I heard from the receptionist was "this is Jane from the National Suicide Hotline; she's going to help you".
That OP is citing the lights still being on makes me suspect they took "surge protector" as advice about the room circuit breaker.
To be fair if someone's depression meds aren't working they're likely to get mad at a lot of people for no apparent reason.
Right, but not in most vehicles.
I don't know about "instinctively", but planeswalkers *can* directly detect active sparks. That said, considering you can keep sparks in jars and transfer them to other beings I *do* suspect it's possible to hide your spark if you so desire.
The rumor isn't about QI style charging though, but room-scale. Even if they used a standard (which doesn't exist for that yet) it would be a different one than the equipment you have.
&gt;Please research before commenting about something you know nothing about Ad hominem argument See how throwing incorrect accusations of logical fallacy don't help your argument and make *you* come across as uninformed?
I've tried several times. In every case, as soon as I finished moving everyone into homes I got back-to-back toxic fallout and cold snaps.
No modern smartphone is likely to be using zero data for any significant amount of time, and even it it did you could be writing an email or a note or even just picking a new song to play.
In most states it's not illegal to use a handheld device to make a phone call. It's illegal to operate it *period*. You'd have to prove you could not possibly have been using the phone in your hand in any capacity.
Why not both, so if you want to print it you have a nice layout ready for the printer and if you want to preserve the text or transmit it frugally you have it in easily retrievable ASCII plaintext.
Well, it's also illegal in all of the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa, just to name countries where "lad" is likely to be said. Most of Europe as well, and even a surprising number of countries in the Middle East. EDIT plus as far as I can tell there are no countries where talking on a handheld phone is illegal but otherwise using it is legal (because frankly holding it to your head to talk is the least dangerous way to be using it handheld)
Thanks to me it's now stuck in a more different skyscraper.
One relatively common scenario is if one of the creatures has a "dies" effect or would otherwise harm you if you kill it or damage it.
It would be nice to change up the drone getting knocked down bit.
Want to know something scary? The telemarketer robots now recognize and deny the accusation that they're not human.
Did you not like *Top Gear*? Because aside from the loss of the star in the reasonably priced car it's almost indistinguishable.
Oh believe me we know that's what he is. We're just surprised the CIA hasn't tried and failed spectacularly to depose him yet.
For a comparison that's like comparing all of the US to NYC.
It gets posted all the time. It's CMU's in-joke Rickroll
I once while SPL got shot with arrows by the Tendefoots at scout camp. I was sitting under a tarp at a picnic table hiding from the punishing noontime August sun, reading a merit badge booklet to prep for helping the first-Year campers with a requirement. I saw them come up the path through the woods into our campsite clearing, where they disappeared into a different circle of platform tents. Since they wouldn't be my problem until after lunch I didn't pay them much mind, except to notice they'd come from the archery range with new homemade arrows (one of my favorite parts of *my* first year at camp). Several minutes pass, and I hear them cavorting about, then they drop into a hushed silence. That plus the odd *twang* noise caught my attention and I looked up from my booklet, confused. Five seconds later a dark blur streaks through the canvas tarp over my head and smacks the book out of my hands. I look down to see an arrow pinning it to the table. I was stunned. The noise happened again, and this time the arrow grazed my hand. That was when my instincts kicked in and I dove under the table. Several more arrows came as the whooping resumed on the other side of the row of tents, but finally the volley ended. I emerged, removed the four arrows that had hit the table, walked brusquely into the other tent circle, and snapped the shafts over my knee in front of them. I walked away without a word. About 5 minutes later the Scoutmaster came down, wanting to know why I'd made the Tenderfoots cry by snapping their brand new arrows. I just showed him the holes in the tarp and *the booklet*, at which point he agreed my anger might have been justified. As it turns out they'd been using the thin guy lines of their picnic table tarp to fire their arrows up into the air, with little regard for where they might come down. Luckily the only injuries were to some inanimate objects.
Add some Reese's Pieces for extra evil.
See there are racist jokes that are at least funny while being wildly inappropriate, and then there are jokes like these.
Yeah please be my friend. Hell I overheard the guys replacing my furnace say they should have brought water, so I brought them all bottles which they refused awkwardly.
Economically it gets passed through to the customer either way, it's just a matter of whether it's broken out and applied to only credit transactions or baked into the base price for all customers regardless of method.
I thought he was ever so slightly dickish hosting Wait Wait, but in a clearly nervous so overdoing things kind of way. It actually ended up being pretty endearing in that sense.
I still remember the point when I put the ramblings of the lyrics and the (pretty disguised) melody together. My mind was just blown.
If you're concerned about indirect destruction of the conduits you can build a stone wall over most of it and floor the gaps for a few tiles on either side. That way (wild)fires won't burn them and explosions are less likely to knock them out.
And you're sure **Settings → Reminders → Default list** is set to one of the iCloud lists?
I don't know about disappearances specifically, but the perception of increasing crime in the US is an illusion caused by higher reporting. In reality it's going down. Based on that it seems very possible that either we're just hearing more about disappearances or they're standing out more because since few are actually criminal they're *not* going down.
You might check out the Colony Manager mod. It basically does that but in a less side-effecty way. It also lets you set limits so they'll only collect berries if you're below a certain amount of food.
They didn't try to break a taxi strike. Suspending surge pricing (which is put into effect automatically by a computer algorithm but can be overridden) is a *disincentive* to Uber drivers to pick up fares. It might not be a strong contribution but it was absolutely a decision in *support* of the protesting and certainly not one against the striking cab drivers.
Ah like the leaders of the Light in that show my girlfriend made me watch (but I secretly and embarrassingly enjoyed) are named for trees! (It's Lost Girl. Turns out I'll watch anything with Zoie Palmer in it)
That's why we have to specify. Domestic violence is always no bueno, because of power dynamics and trust, but there are a lot of people who weren't married to her who would line up to punch Yoko Ono.
PNC. That actually probably goes for all of Pittsburgh to be honest.
It's a political post on a subreddit for a largely Democratic city. I don't think it's that unexpected.
I usually find Shaka is from whichever side of my capital Montezuma isn't.
Right to work != at-will employment. Right to work is an anti-union thing, at-will employment laws are what make firing without cause possible.
This would be Spanish.
That's only true if you think stubbornly denying reality is a political issue, and that has been a hallmark of the Trump administration literally since he took office and remarked about the size of the crowd at his inauguration.
And to think people might react differently to someone misusing the power of his office, and getting fired for doing the job he's supposed to be doing. Don't you know you can only either love or hate someone and that decision is 100% permanent and without context?
I'm having trouble parsing the top response, so I can't say if they're right or not, but to clarify: if you respond to Supernatural Stamina with Impeccable Timing, the blocking Brawler is dead before Supernatural Stamina resolves so it fizzles. If you allow SS to resolve and *then* cast Impeccable Timing the Brawler comes back tapped as a 4/3 and player 2 has to discard a card. In both cases, your attacker is still blocked, but since the blocker disappeared (the Brawler is technically a "different" creature) it has nothing to exchange combat damage with. Unless it has trample it will deal no damage this combat. If it has trample it will deal its full power in damage to player 2.
Trafficking in human organs is generally frowned upon...
More like an angry gorilla. You can shoot an enraged gorilla in the face and it will finish tearing you limb from limb before it considers that it was killed more than a minute ago.
For the average person it's probably better than any cover they'd pick. Garbage cans and flipped over tables don't stop bullets nearly as well as movies and video games would lead you to believe.
Why not a browser extension?
I'll be honest, even as someone who works in tech, if you asked me to explain networking that is about the best I could say.
I have a friend who can't smell at all. He loves those cars; he just sits at the other end and has basically a whole car to himself.
From a logical standpoint it actually doesn't matter. You should always make the best possible decision based on information you have at the time, and if you do you're never wrong even if it turns out you would have done better with another option. It comes up in tabletop games a lot. Not killing a wounded, non-threatening enemy soldier is still the morally right decision, even if they're Hitler, assuming you can't see the future.
What if I told you that's how they do color variations of basically every product ever?
&gt;A lot of drivers flip a shit if cyclists You can pretty much just stop there.
These people also only buy stuff directly at the factory, I assume.
I'd have been up the embankment/driving in the ditch within 30 seconds if I was the first car behind one of them.
I had the opposite problem on my one trip to the ER. Nurses kept apologizing as they ran past that no one had seen me yet after an hour. The girl in the room next to mine was having some sort of anaphylaxis plus heart stoppage. I had a set of jewler's screwdrivers through my foot. I knew full well I was 0% as urgent.
The wizarding world is also several decades (at least) behind the Muggle world, socially. Snape's sort of teaching wouldn't have been an obligatory red flag in a Muggle private school in the 80s, much less one that operates like it's 1915. Not to mention the arbitrary, unkind schoolteacher is a huge trope in general.
It seems like the U.K. and its former colonies are having a contest to see who can have the worst leadership. I think we Americans are winning at the moment, but I'm excited to see what the rest of you bring next.
You seem to be under the mistaken impression that I thought it was a good idea.
This might be the best AutoMod programming I've ever seen. Kudos! (I see "contest online" conspicuously missing, though...)
OP even used an Oxford comma and everything!
Or just `cd`
I would hope that as someone with social anxiety you would understand that just because you're able to say please and thank you doesn't mean someone else's anxiety disorder can't be worse.
There's a bar I go to where the urinals are mounted too high on the wall. As a squarely average height guy I would have to stand on tiptoe to use them, so I'm going to use that low-mounted one even if you're at the one right next to it.
Parking in a city I have quickly learned that you can start parked perfectly reasonably in a just barely large enough space and return a couple hours later to find you look like an asshole who parked in the middle of two spaces.
… but *they* would have had the yield sign/be merging illegally
At the time *Minecraft* was guaranteed free updates and features for life. It wasn't guaranteed to never be rewritten. MS already gave out free Win10 copies to people, and there's no reason it wouldn't happen again if/when the PE-derived version is feature-parity and available on *nix. As long as that happens, you continue to get what you paid for. (Modding support wasn't part of the agreement)
But we're discussing retiring the Java version, and my point is that as long as you get the C++ version for free at such point as that happens, and they have achieved feature parity for all *official* features, they have held up their end of the bargain. (And I do have a horse in the race, as I'm primarily a macOS and Linux user)
The difference is even fanatical sports fans bitch about dumb things their coach/players do. Source: started as a Red Sox fan then moved to Philly
Because the launcher isn't the game. If you haven't let it download the version of the game you have selected in the launcher, you can't play it.
No reason it wouldn't be. Apple isn't in the habit of removing accessibility features for no reason.
&gt;Please do not rotate the hexasphere with your mouse unless you are not convinced that there are no hidden pentagons in the design. With sentences like this I'm forced to doubt the veracity of the rest of the article. Or to put it in their terms, without this sentence I would not need to doubt the incorrectness of their hypothesis.
I see you've made the silly mistake to think this thread isn't full of MRAs.
Yeah that's roughly 19.2 dollar bucks.
No, this is one of those horrible situations where it's not mentioned because "lots of people dead" doesn't make a good headline. 😕
Yeah I have one. It will automatically place a 911 call if I don't manually cancel it within 30 seconds of a crash, and also reports to a central service so if I don't respond to the dispatcher an employee can take over and provide my GPS location and whatever telemetry my car is reporting (e.g. whether the rollover sensor activated, airbags deployed, etc). It then also places calls to my emergency contacts automatically (although I think those go out from the backend instead of directly from my car). The only caveat with the version I have is that it doesn't have a built in cellular antenna, so it's dependent on being connected to my iPhone over Bluetooth. I could get an upgraded version without that limitation though.
Also I know many jurisdictions redirect 911 to the correct local emergency number; does the US alias foreign emergency numbers to our 911?
Also under no circumstances should that unwired switch, that couldn't possibly connect to anything because you can see the leads sitting in open air, be switched back to "MAGIC" from "MORE MAGIC". If you do, the server goes down.
Also possible it displays differently for Boss because he had the window small/default zoom changed/monitor set at 640x480. Then again unless I'm misremembering Excel wouldn't display in scientific notation if the column was formatted as currency.
I don't think you can nest subtractions. IVMI is like fouronethousandandone.
But is he doing them manually on a TI or Casio, or a dollar store no-name calculator?
It's not bad by any means, which makes it really excellent in the category of "things you can buy with meal blocks from your mandatory meal plan".
The Democrats have hardly done a 180. It's very possible to believe Comey should have been fired over the election debacle while also calling out how much his eventual firing for it only when he refused to swear loyalty to Trump stinks to high heaven.
The Senate then has a stronger legal basis for trying and possibly convicting, though.
Does Norin see play at all? He seems almost completely useless at first read but I feel like there must be decks using that blink ability to ridiculous effect.
I assume that's what prompted the "it's hard to Google" comment, since Google mostly ignores capitalization you'll primarily get Silicon Valley results.
While ordinarily I'd agree about misusing "rape", I think it is a very apt word for the repeated unwitting violations of his mind that he suffered (***as a child***) at the hands of Alhammarret.
A) probably illegal wherever you live, and B) who'd you buy it from so I can be sure no one I ~~love~~ am obligated to do tech support for buys one?
If both parties are under the legal age, or within the age gap defined by some states (e.g. within a year of the same age), it's not illegal (or at least not enforceable).
I'm surprised Aiellos did so poorly, but I'm not going to pitch a fit about it. I'm glad this was done with some amount of experimental rigor!
Well 3pm implies you're there for the kids. 3am implies you're there for a totally empty building.
I'm sympathetic to your working nights, but the fact of the matter was the law explicitly said your neighbor was allowed to mow at 11am and probably explicitly says you can't at 3am. That's the reality when laws are written by and for the more than 95% of people who don't work nights. Your neighbor was still an asshole, but you were both a retaliatory asshole and a minor criminal.
According to the American National Weather Service, assuming you're not barefoot, you've got 10 minutes in -45°F with a 5mph sustained wind before you're at severe frostbite risk. The wind is probably near zero in the freezer, so it's less severe. (That's about -43°C, but even at -50°C you've probably got 5 minutes)
It's usually comparable to 3-5 day shipping from other sellers though, compared to 2 days on Prime items (sometimes 1 day) so it's still a bit of a deal if you order enough. Certainly in college it paid for itself just in textbook shipping alone.
It doesn't need to understand any of that, it just needs to observe human searchers drawing those parallels. It's a mostly statistical model of human behavior.
I don't know what's triggering it to be marked as a date, but I suspect the reason you're getting July 1 from it is because the next 1st of a month is in fact July 1. If you do the same thing this time next month I expect you'll get August 1 instead.
In proper units of measurement that would be just shy of 2π/3
It's not Flavius but I had a professor with the middle name Fabius. Good class, good guy.
Usually people don't just invent words. Sometimes they definitely do though (Shakespeare for instance).
Both of my grandfathers were Als. One was Alan and the other was Albert.
I think the just don't understand building maintenance. Since I moved to Pittsburgh in 2010 I've seen it get crappy and then completely overhauled at least twice, but never maintained.
Do you want 3rd degree sugar syrup burns? Because this is how your get 3rd degree sugar syrup burns.
Most chemists I know would also say "cash-un" if you explicitly asked them how to pronounce it, because they're all trolls.
Seen, sure. It's the sort of thing where you might notice that it's some sort of special range, but you'd probably still have to look up what specifically it means.
Yeah I have literally never had to care about this in years, except when the linter shits the bed and highlights almost the whole file for "mixed spaces and tabs". Even then it was automatically fixable with a couple keystrokes from me.
Very few (I'd even go so far as to say essentially zero) introductory programming courses are in languages with exposed pointers anymore. You might discuss it if the class is taught in Java, because object references are similar at a high level, but if it's in Python (or *Javascript*, \*shudder\*) as many are of late it wouldn't come up.
For most common languages the answer is "it depends on what you're passing".
&gt;What you're thinking of is "pass reference by value" vs "pass value by value", which would depend on what you're passing. I blame a half dozen computer science and engineering professors who never made the distinction. I feel a little bit vindicated though looking at Google results that show a long-raging argument about Java.
I was in engineering before I switched to CS, and almost all of my high school friends also studied engineering. We've attended, by my count, 7 different universities. Not one taught intro programming in C. Even the schools with largely independent engineering colleges still sent students to the CS department for that intro programming class. At the time we were taking them (I actually placed out but I tutored my freshman floormates) my school was the only one not using Java, but since then I believe it has shifted mostly to Python. We did all later have to take an introductory class in Matlab, but that was secondary to the intro programming class.
The people they convince to be suicide bombers are absolutely doing it with full faith of belief, but one that has been twisted and warped by military and political powers conditioning people for their own ends. We see it over and over again in history, because fanatic religious beliefs are an excellent thing to exploit to keep oneself in power. We don't generally fault (outside or r/atheism at least) Christianity itself for the Crusades or the colonial subjugation of South America or the KKK or the WBC, so why fault Islam instead of the old Caliphate or the house of Saud or the Taliban or ISIS? You make the claim that ISIS bases their beliefs on actual text "without twisting it in any form". Selectively removing or ignoring parts is still manipulation, and translation can add its own twist. Fundamentalist Christians do it all the time, latching onto a couple-verse mention of Sodom in the Old Testament while summarily ignoring Jesus's whole "love thy neighbor, let the sinless cast the first stone" schtick. For its part, the Qur'an considers Jews and Christians to be the keepers of the older scriptures, and that they should be expected to follow the dictates of *those* scriptures, not the writings of Muhammad. The only reason Islam seems more prone to such manipulation is that it was used to justify war very early on in its existence, instead of struggling for years as a forbidden cult before rising to become a state religion.
You have completely skirted every aspect of the point I was making, that religious texts are necessarily mutable and can bet twisted, even just by inclusion/exclusion of passages or books over time or with specific recent intent, to say just about anything; therefore I reject the notion that Islam is somehow fundamentally more violent or hateful than Christianity or Judaism based on what the "original" text says.
Related tip: don't parallel park immediately adjacent to a POS car.
I got a nasty note on my car once, done up to look like some sort of official police document, citing that law. I was exactly 3 ft from their driveway. I wouldn't have even minded if it was just like "hey we'd appreciate it if you didn't park here it makes it hard to see to pull out", but the illegally painted curb and fake police notices erased any sympathy.
Christ it even says on all the paperwork, and the back of the sticker IIRC, that the sticker doesn't guarantee you a spot.
I'm guessing this is running on some sort of noticeboard or the like, rather than on a personal machine?
It was my understanding that effectively all city services would be procedurally generated from a drawn zone, with possibly more fine-tuned control of how the building develops compared to the almost completely automatic RCI buildings.
It's like a Nerf shotgun wedding.
Yeah the JS and Sass I wrote this week bears very little resemblance to the actual code being deployed to the public. Between concatenating several dozen files, transpiling ES6 to ES5, compiling SCSS to plain CSS and autoprefixing it, and minifying/uglifying everything, it looks like a huge mess of meaningless variable names crammed together with no whitespace.
I went from a 17" to a 13". TBH I only notice the difference during use when I switch back and forth between them (my old MBP is now effectively a desktop), and even then it's brief and not to jarring. It did change how I use it though; I rely more on mission control spaces now, whereas before I'd tend to keep everything as windows on one or two spaces. In both cases I'm navigating by keyboard though so even that's not much different.
&gt;That's literally not thought police. Objectively literally explicitly not. That is hardly a substantive argument. In any case, one of you is arguing that an authority punishing someone for beliefs (***not*** actions) is tantamount to thought policing, and the other is countering that those people are assholes and deserve it. I wholeheartedly agree that most of them are assholes, and the rest ignorant or indoctrinated in hate, but we're individuals making that assessment. Acting in a position of power, we would be as morally bankrupt in imposing our moral judgement on their thoughts as they would be imposing their moral judgement on LGBTQ people for their identities and orientation. Of course in reality the mods can remove essentially whatever they like, and I'm not going to file a complaint if they remove a comment that says hateful things especially with a goal to invite social or literal violence. At the same time, someone saying "I don't think we should make a big deal out of sexuality" should not be deserving of punishment (for that comment, at least). It may be tone-deaf or misinformed, but it should be handled with education and civil discourse, not a ban hammer, at least until it turns into actual hate speech.
Just over a year ago a gunman specifically murdered people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, and several states (North Carolina stands out but is not alone) have recently passed or are attempting to pass actively anti-LGBT legislation. Saying "the war is won" is like saying the war against racist treatment of African-Americans was won after Brown v Board of Education. (If your US history is rusty, three years later the Little Rock Nine had to be escorted into their classrooms by the United States Army after the governor of Arkansas sent his National Guard detachment to bar them from the school.)
I've found it much more accessible than even going back and trying to pick up RollerCoaster Tycoon, despite having played quite a bit of that in my youth. There's still a learning curve, but there's many fewer moments where the interface is completely inscrutable.
Better writing, but even buggier than the standard Bethesda RPG. Multiple save files are 100% necessary.
Wait you mean if I donate $1500 I *don't* pay $1500 less tax at the end of the year? (/s)
Also possibly the "America's team" BS.
There are several things I could nitpick here, but I'll just go for the big one: you're essentially saying nothing should be added ever because it will require some amount of CPU load and that is "the bad thing that must not happen".
*woosh* EDIT: "ammo upfront with expedited shipping". That sure sounds like a clever way to say "shoot you", to me.
That's kind of a different thing, though, since they're just knocking a cent off the true price. 8oz. is $2, and 16oz. is $4, but then when they print pricing labels they get once cent taken off to take advantage of the human brain paying more attention to the most significant digit than the full pricing info.
&gt; that does nothing to improve the game I'd argue otherwise. Hauling currently is a huge pain in the ass. I'm all for offloading some of the micromanagement to my CPU instead of my brain.
Are you really suggesting that nothing should be changed about hauling, because of the potential computational overhead, but instead we should use mods to achieve a similar result (as though they somehow would be *less* overhead)? (And I do use mods, many of which are polyfilling features that I think should be in the base game)
I mean my landlord's policy is email for general things and text/phone call for urgent things. That seems totally straightforward to me, and probably what the user above you has in place too. I don't see anything about having a day off.
Right they were on call... via *call*. They weren't checking the non-urgent email constantly all weekend. Had the tenant called, they would have handled it.
Also his nickname needs to be Muad'Dib
I suspect we could have a debate about whether it's a syntactic error or a semantic one. I lean syntactic since a critical element of the sentence is missing (a VP), but the rough meaning is apparent from context.
He's 6ft and 60kg. He definitely should *not* lose weight.
I was purely sticking to the movie canon, and I specifically avoided directly citing the Rule of Two because it's not relevant to my point. It could be the Rule of Seven or just not exist; my point is that given two extant, active Sith the balance point is two extant, active Jedi. They don't even have to be pure Light and Dark; you could argue that both Skywalkers (and even Obi-Wan) are pretty grey.
Airplane Mode does (or at least is supposed to, so if you find it doesn't definitely file *that* bug).
While I understand that Scotland has some liberty in lawmaking, it would seem to me that was covered by "the U.K." unless specified to the contrary, no?
Your flora and fauna are way scarier than any human act could be.
I was only referring to the comment you responded to, which talks about the U.K. with no mention of constituent countries.
Well, yeah. They're selling concrete and getting paid money, which they then pay taxes on, pay employees, and do normal business things with. When Walmart locks employees in to force them to work overtime, that doesn't make them an illegal business; it makes them a legal business whose employees are doing illegal things.
Yeah the feel-bad part I think is that events feel so arbitrary and sometimes unrealistic. We can't see past the edges of the map or into the sky, and the game behaves like our pawns can't either. Even just 10 seconds of advance warning in situations where a pawn could realistically see a problem coming would make it feel better. It doesn't have to be the same length of time, either. Maybe having pawns outside near the map border gives you 10 seconds warning for ground raids from that direction, but 3 for drop pods and 15 for loud-ass mechanoids; and if they're coming from the opposite side of the map or your pawns are all inside you get no warning at all. A pawn walking over or adjacent to an impending Bzzt might notice the wall or conduit is hot or damaged before it actually explodes. If you have a TV you might get a couple day's warning about heat waves/cold snaps (which by the way I think need a rebalancing or at least some variation, because in my experience it's usually a heat wave every spring and a cold snap every fall and they're always +/- 40°F which is nuts even on a desert-like planet).
I don't remember the algorithm but there's a way to do it blind while guaranteeing no one gets themselves.
As someone with (at times completely crippling) major depression I feel like I have to step in and remind you that "I'm depressed" is a 100% valid thing to say. Being depressed is a human emotion, and an important and common one. Just because our affliction derives its name from that emotion doesn't give us the right to coopt it and police it. If they're claiming to "have depression" because their grandmother died, sure they're probably full of shit. If they say they "feel depressed" though that's good. That's probably how they *should* feel after the death of a loved one.
They might be self-diagnosing the wrong disease, but it sounds like they might actually be alcoholic.
