Hahaha oh man that is some genius writing right there. Let's just forget the fact that the Stormtrooper who gets shot and wipes his blood on Finn's helmet is white. That's just a failure to pay attention. What I find funny about this article is the fact that if, as this fella would like to believe, the Stormtroopers are all black then how is that a good thing when you consider the fact that all of the First Order apart from one mixed-race woman are white. So his idea of this amazing Afrofuturist parable is essentially a world where black people are used as expendable soldiers who are fully controlled by white people with English accents. Bravo, sir!
Any country which requires kids to pledge allegiance to a flag at school is fucked in the head.
Hahaha those guys just love plucking bullshit out of thin air don't they?
You're completely wrong there chief. Smoking increases the chances of you developing lung cancer or heart disease. Nobody has ever said that smoking is the sole cause of lung cancer and nobody in their right mind has proclaimed that non-smoking-related lung cancer has nothing to do with any other carcinogenic materials they may have ingested.
Pretty sure that's not how he's living his life, mate. What is he supposed to be in perpetual fear of?
Seriously? Again? This is yet another example of someone misrepresenting the packaging inserts that come with the vaccines. That is not a list of things CAUSED by the vaccine but a list of things which have been observed post-vaccination. So if someone took the vaccine, got the flu and then reported that t the manufacturer, they'd have to put 'influenza' on that list. It even says right there that there is nothing to suggest a causal relationship. Some people just aren't very good at reading I suppose.
I, Partridge: We Need to Talk About Alan It's the fictional autobiography of much-loved UK TV character Alan Gordon Partidge (played by Steve Coogan). The book is just incredibly funny and had me in tears on almost every page. It got to the point where I was pissing off housemates with my constant laughter. It is an incredibly funny and well-written book which captures the characters insecurity, vanity, pettiness and arrogance perfectly. Needless to say, I had the last laugh...
DDP winning the title in a 4-way match with Sting, Goldberg and Kevin Nash on a Nitro in 1999. He lost the title to Sting in a really good (Ganso bomb from Sting!) 1-1 match earlier in the night but then got the chance to win it back in the main event against the 3 biggest guys in the company. DDP was always my favourite, along with Sting, and I went absolutely crazy when he won the belt back, and the crowd did too if I remember. I miss WCW...
Well, partly that's the case. Being overweight is seen as a sign of vitality and health. The connection with wealth isn't so pronounced though; especially in smaller communities where people are a lot more familiar with each other. It seems like you're trying to make a point but I'm not quite seeing what it is...
It's the final sentence I was wondering about. Anyway, never mind.
Unfortunately Harris Hawks aren't allowed to practice bird law. Sorry.
You nailed it. I felt the same about the Jedi in the Prequels. After all that wondering what the Jedi were really like and being so excited to see them, they turned out to be oblivious arseholes. "You're not training Anakin, it's too dangerous." "But Qui-Gon died and I promised him." "Ah, okay the, train the boy. What could go wrong?" They were so inconsistent and so blind to everything that was going on and were just douches. Mace Windu is he worst culprit. What a tool. Luke is totally right. The Jedi thought they were all-knowing and wise an it turned out they were just arrogant and blinded to reality. It makes perfect sense that Luke should feel the why he does in TLJ and that Yoda agrees with him.
Couldn't disagree more there, chief! Luke died because they parked on the beach!?! How do you make that stretch? Poe's plan didn't work and was unnecessary. That's the point you're missing. Finn and Rose should never have been sent on the mission. The plan was already in place for the evacuation. Poe's mission actually cost more lives because it led to the Rebel plan being given to the First Order. Luke has nothing to do with Finn/Rose and their storyline. Everything Luke does is going on without them having any influence over his actions whatsoever. Terrible writing, indeed. People are throwing that line out so much these days and the sad thing is that they do so whilst also displaying a clear lack of understanding of movie writing and plotting.
Why? Do you think that soldiers in war have access to high-level strategy? Was everyone on D-Day given a full breakdown of the entire operation, or were they just told their parts and given the task of carrying out their own missions? Exactly. Holdo was in charge. The vast majority of the crew followed her because they respected the chain of command. It's only Poe, a couple of pilots and Connix who mutiny. Everyone else is getting to the transports with no fuss. Poe is the one who has the problem,not Holdo.
Captain. He got demoted. Poe doesn't recognise Holdo, if you remember. He's heard of her, but he's surprised when he sees that this famous military commander is a slim woman with purple hair. He's all 'THAT'S Admiral Holdo!?!'. Holdo says she knows who Poe is. That's why she knows that he was demoted by Leia. She just knows that the future of the Rebellion should lie in the hands of level-headed strategists who look at the big picture, not arrogant pilots who look at everything through their cross hairs and do things such as losing an entire fleet of bombers on a mission.
Hahaha, there's 'poorly written' again. Despite the fact that her character was very solid, consistent, well-acted and well-written. She's from a planet that was exploited and persecuted by the First Order, so her and her sister joined the Resistance. Her sister made the ultimate sacrifice and Rose has to deal with that in the context of the larger fight. That's not a poorly written piece of exposition and it's not shallow either.
Well, he was in the First Order from when he was essentially a baby. With the First Order having a mobile base/command centre with a crew of 2.5 million, then it would't be a stretch to imagine that Finn trained on the Supremacy at some point. He's had a good 25-odd years on those ships and bases so it doesn't surprise me that he'd know the layouts.
She didn't though. What would the net benefit of Finn killing himself have been? Would it have destroyed the big gun or would his rickety little speeder have disintegrated first? Luke Skywalker had already made his decision, so they wouldn't have stopped that whole thing. She fucked up his chance to eedlesly sacrifice himself, sure.
Yep. People just missing details that are right in front of them and blaming their lack of understanding as 'bad writing'.
No he wasn't!!!!! Clearly! He was on the inside and was fed nothing but propaganda from birth! He had no clue how the galaxy worked.
Exactly. And they try and cover their personal distate with accusations of 'lazy writing' etc. When in reality, the fault lies with their own inability to understand what's going on in a film.
&gt;Why didn’t the resistance ships have time to refuel before evacuating? Well, how much fuel did they have on the base? &gt;Why didn’t they evacuate earlier? It seems they went as quickly as possible. &gt;Why are they even evacuating considering the First Order has been completely devastated at the end of The Force Awakens? They haven't been. Look at Snoke at the end of TFA. He's not all 'We're screwed! We're completely devastated by this attack!' Instead, he just tells Hux o bring Kylo Ren back for more training.
So, it's rushed, but also goes on too long? But then it could have been made better by trying to squeeze EVEN MORE into the segment by inserting Captain Phasma trying to chase them down? So what is it? Was it rushed? Was it too long? Or did it need more story squeezing in there (somehow making it neither longer, nor more rushed)? Hmmm...
The First Order didn't haven DJ anywhere. He was just there because that's where he was. He's a chancer and a wheeler-dealer. A casino seems like the right place for him. He wasn't a rebel agent. Watch the film again.
Absolutely. I was exactly the same.
Hahahaha, oh right, so because we didn't see rich arms dealers from 30 years in the future on a mining platform or on a peaceful planet with little-to-no military to speak of, it's incongruous? Gimme a break. There's a whole galaxy out there.
..... Leia is no rebel. Er......
That's not a very good comparison. The Republic is a galactic government, not a national one. Their leadership is completely decimated as well as a big chunk of their fleet (we see this in TFA) which is in orbit around the Republic capital. The New Republic has been crippled. Those who are left evidently ignore the Resistnce cry for help and have abandoned 'the cause'. The Resistance is now the new Rebellion and must do things for themselves.
Leia was rich. She wasn't bad. It's not 'rich = bad" it's "people who get rich selling weapons to the First Order = bad".
Absolutely. "Duh.... Picasso is rubbish! That doesn't even look like a real person. Lazy painting!"
No. He attacked Kylo Ren because he was trying to protect Rey. Rey is his motivation, not the greater goo or the ideals of the Resistance/Republic. He wasn't a coward for escaping the First Order. He as brave. Then he faced up to them on Takodana. He's not running away out of cowardice, he's running away out of selfishness. That's what changes in TLJ.
It seems you missed the point.
Good job it doesn't go on for an hour, then.
How?
He realises why he personally needs to get away from the First Order. However, it's over the course of TLJ that he decides that fighting for the downtrodden is more important than escaping the First Order's tyrannical regime. It's not about him realising the FO is bad, it's about him resolving to fight against it.
Which ways?
Caring about animals being mistreated isn't 'PETA'. It fits the attitude of the Rebellion/Resistance perfectly. One of Ghandi's most famous quotes was: “The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.” The Canto Bight story echoes that very well.
It'd be easier if so many people criticising the film hadn't just completely missed what was right in front of their eyes. They were probably so busy trying to figure out how Snoke could be Plagueis that it passed them by.
No, that was the point of the scene.
Well, the problem I have is that people are missing key details and chalking it down to bad writing. When the reality is that they just didn't see it. I think the vocal majority is here now because - as has been discussed at length - they spent 2 years speculating about TFA only to have all their theories shot down or ignored. TFA was great fan service. TLJ was something different and that has rankled with people.
Ah, we agree then. My apologies!
So Poe was wrong when he said the weapon was charged and Finn's sacrifice would be pointless? Yes, Luke sacrifices himself after Finn is rescued, but he was already going to do what he did. He didn't die because of Finn. Finn thought he was going to make a difference. He wasn't. He was blinded by his desire to beat the First Order and didn't think about the bigger picture. By the end of TLJ, he gets to where Poe was at the start of the movie. "Any victory, no matter how small, is worth fighting for". But Poe has learned his lesson and tell Finn not to sacrifice himself needlessly. It fits together very nicely.
You've missed a huge chunk of what's going on. Poe's mission fails because that's the point. That's the story. Poe needs to learn his lesson. He sends Finn and Rose off on a pointless mission. His rashness puts everyone in danger and he has to learn that lesson. Again, it's not laziness. It's just people missing key themes. As I saw the film, DJ probably was the codebreaker they were supposed to meet. The fancy guy at the table with the slick hair, moustache and beautiful women in tow didn't seem to be to the be the kind of person to be having sex with Maz Kanata (as she implies). I could see DJ losing his brooch whilst gambling and getting himself thrown in jail more than I could see that other guy being the master codebreaker.
She said he would be wearing the brooch, yes. You don't think someone like DJ would bet that at the casino before getting his ass thrown in jail? Maz said she trusted him. She evidently has a history with him. The suave guy in the casino didn't look like that person, to me. This illegal parking thing is hilarious. You've really focused on the wrong thing here, haha. You cold go back through any film - including the original trilogy - and find a dozen characters who the whole story relies on. "GOD!!! In Star Wars, we're expected to believe that the Jawas make their money by salvaging, fixing up and selling-on droids. But then we're supposed t just accept that they'd try and sell an R5 droid with a bad motivator? Like they'd somehow miss such a common detail like that? LAZY WRITING. Uncle Owen should never have bought R2D2! It's just poor." "Why does Darth Vader spare Chewie in ESB? He doesn't need him. LAZY WRITING!" "How does the Empire build a whole base on Endor without the Ewoks fighting back, but then some strangers come and all of a sudden they want to fight? LAZY WRITING!" I think you're just looking in the wrong places, here.
Yes, that's the theme which Lucas was trying to get across. He just did it extremely poorly.
Well, you can keep seeing the parking thing as being the crux of the whole film if you like. You'll be pretty much on your own, but that's your prerogative.
Like Luke, then? He has no Jedi training beyond a short lesson on the Falcon, yet he can call the lightsaber to his hand on Hoth? MARY SUE!
If Rogue One had nothing to do with Star Wars, it wouldn't be a great movie either.
No, it's the opposite! The fanboys have been the most vocal critics because the movie wasn't what they wanted.
Poe tell Finn that the weapon is charged and there is no point in him going on his own. Finn's ship is also disintegrating as he flies towards the weapon. He's not going to beat them, he's going to die needlessly.
&gt; Snoke being able to connect Rey and Ren despite never having met or being close by Rey How is that a plot hole? It'll tel you how. It's not. It's just a question you have. Are there any rules for force-connections being broken here? Nope. No in-universe rules are broken. There is no plot hole whatsoever. Snoke hasn't met Rey but he can sense her. He affected Ben Solo from a distance so we already have precedence for this kind of thing. &gt;hyperspace ramming being a thing Again, not a plot hole at all. If it was something people had known about for years, it still wouldn't be a valid tactic for a plucky band of freedom fighters operating on a limited budget and with limited resources. If they had a Star Forge, then fine. But as it is, they just don't have the resources to take their capital ships and use them as weapons. It's not a plot hole at all. Read up on what plot holes are. &gt;Holdo never telling Poe the plan She doesn't have to and has reasoning not to. It's Poe who doesn't get this and acts irresponsibly. Not Holdo. &gt;Holdo having to stay behind and "steer" despite the ship traveling in a straight line in space and SW has advanced auto pilots Which autopilots are these? The movie showed pilots staying behind to command ships tat were being sacrificed. I can't remember seeing anything in the Star Wars films which contradicts this. &gt;why dont the rebel transport ships jump to hyper space like the escape pod did instead of going to the salt planet? Which escape pod? Were those transports equipped with hyperdrives? It seems not. &gt;First Order calling off the tie fighter attack for no reason The reason was CLEARLY stated in the film. Watch it again and don't call it a plot hole when it's just you not paying attention. &gt;First Order calling off the tie fighter attack for no reason They didn't think they needed to. Hux was happy pursuing them and letting them die slowly. &gt;leia surviving in space She uses the Force. You might as well just say that The Force is a plot hole. &gt;unresolved issues from the last movie like reys parents It was resolved. Did you miss that bit of the movie? They were nobodies. They sold her for drinking money or whatever. Resolved. Rey has to stop looking to others to give her meaning and has to find it in herself. That was a major plot point. You missed it, obviously. &gt; R2D2 activating He was waiting for Luke. Seriously. Did you actually watch the Force Awakens and listen to what people said? &gt;snokes backstory Not a plot hole at all. Just something you wanted to learn about but didn't. Not knowing who the Emperor was in ROTJ wasn't a plot hole. &gt;lukes students ??? Some sided with Ben Solo, the others died. Were's the plot hole? &gt;lukes map he left despite new movie stating he was going off to die The map wasn't left by Luke. The map was to the first Jedi Temple. Lor San Tekka figured it out. The map wasn't 'to Luke', it was to his most likely location.
Well that's our opinion based on this movie. You accept the coincidence in other films but not in this one. Maybe ask yourself why that is.
&gt;Why don't we just take a look at the scores then. The Last Jedi has 4.6 on metacritic, 7.6 on imdb, and 51% in rotten tomatoes. It's lower than all the Prequels on rotten tomatoes and metacritic, and it has the same score as Revenge of the Sith on imdb. So yeah, we don't even have to wait to see how many people actually think the Prequels are better than TLJ. Forget Rotten Tomatoes. My Mum doesn't go on RT to post her scores. This is an internet thing. Don't get so caugh up in everything being measured on the internet that you forget the fact that everyday people watch this film and think it's great. There are already plenty of articles highlighting how audience scores have been influenced by online campaigns. &gt;You're doing just that right now. You're saying that there is a "certain feel" to Star Wars. That's false. Star Wars can be anything. Well, I agree and disagree. It's all subjective. The prequels didn't fel like Star Wars to me. The locations didn't feel right, the characters, the ships etc. didn't seem right. The displays in the ships were all way in advance to what we saw in the OT and that didn't make sense to me,for example. To me, TLJ feels more like Star Wars than AOTC. &gt;Vader is still human. He's allowed to have feelings. Well, I guess that's what's rankling. He has feelings, but not to that same extent. He killed the Emperor to save his son, but 'NOOOOOOOOOOO!' just felt so out of place! &gt;I know. And people who hate The Last Jedi for not going the way they thought are just as petty. We agree. I just see people who didn't like TLJ for not being the film they wanted, trying to level all these weak criticisms at it to say it's an objectively bad film and not just one they didn't want. &gt;And he only tells him after Luke has already been told so by Vader. Had Luke never confronted Yoda about it, he would have never told him. True. He keeps his cards close to his chest. Hell, in TLJ, he knows Rey as taken the Jedi texts but he doesn't tell Luke. In fact, he allows Luke to still believe the texts are in the tree even as it's burning. &gt;Yeah, I guess no one is around to train or be trained. But that doesn't change the fact that there are still a bunch of kids being born with the Force. Just look at Chirrut and Baze. They weren't Jedi during the OT, but they still believed and could use the Force. Indeed, but those two are around 35 years before the sequels. They live in a world where there are still Jedi temples around. By TFA, that has all but vanished.
&gt;I literally said I understood that in my previous comment. First movie he's trying to run from danger. Second movie he's trying to run from danger to help his friend. It's boring. Well, you said that he was coming around to the Resistance, that's not what's happening. If I've misread, then fair enough. In the second movie he isn't just running to help his friend. That's where he is at the start but not for the rest of the film. &gt;I don't know what you think I was trying to convey. I think it's a poor character arc to have Finn follow an attractive woman around like a lost puppy for an entire movie twice in a row. Clearly in both films there's a romantic connection of some sort. It seems pretty clear to me that Finn is with Rose because of her expertise, not because he wants to sleep with her. He even recoils a bit when she kisses him. He's not romantically interested so how attractive you find Kelly Marie Tran is irrelevant.
I agree that in the bigger picture, Poe destroying the dreadnought was a benefit, but in that moment he was acting out of bravado and cocksure-ness. He made the wrong decision in the moment, which ended up being the right decision overall. The Resistance didn't know about hyperspace tracking so it was a rash choice at the time.
Just because you missed something, doesn't mean you're stupid. You just should maybe not go around saying a filmmaker is bad at their job just because something went over your head.
Yeah. It's pretty simple. There were lots of people who missed Rey having the Jedi texts on the Falcon. People miss things,
&gt;“Fuel” has never been an issue in Star Wars. The Millennium Falcon was able to fly around for weeks or months without refueling on its way to Bespin. I dunno how long it was between them being on Hoth and Bespin. But I'd assume that the Facon was fully fueled on Hoth and then refueled on Bespin. So I'm not sure where the issue is. Where were the Raddus and the other two ships last refueled and what did they do before they went to D'Qar? We can't answer that so it's not really a contentious point. &gt;After destroying Starkiller Base, everyone on the resistance base was in a relaxed mood, Leia hugs Rey, and she gets some kind of farewell with everyone standing around. If they are so worried about a retaliation, then they should already be evacuating. They took a moment, yeah. And the they started evacuating, as we see in TLJ. &gt;The Force Awakens doesn’t give the audience a sense of scale of the First Order. It looks like they’ve been dealt a massive blow — their base was destroyed, with 99% of the troops that were stationed there are all dead. If the same had happened to the resistance base, then we’d assume they’d be totally wiped out. Obviously JJ Abrams really didn’t know himself exactly how big the First Order’s military power would be, because he knew some other director would carve it out and make the decision. Possibly, although it's never stated that Starkiller Base is the home o the First Order, and Snoke's absence would imply that it's not and that it's another weapon like the Death Star. &gt;I’m sure we’ll find out later that the First Order fleet will dwarf the size of the Galactic Empire’s fleet, because of course it does. I'm sure it does now that Starkiller Base wiped out much of the fleet.
How so? As of TLJ, the Republic has been decimated by Starkiller Base. They didn't listen to the likes of Leia and they paid the price. The Resistance no has very few - if any - allies.
I'm not sure what you mean as I though Finn's development was pretty clear.
You're completely misrepresenting the film. Putting things out of order. Skipping chunks. Whatever man. If you think that Finn saying 'Rebel scum' had no clear build up then I'm afraid I can't help you. It's so tiring, all this. People used to just say, 'I didn't like that line' and now they feel the need to show how that line demonstrates fundamental flaws in the entire movie when nothing could be farther from the truth. I hope you enjoy the next films more.
Read the books if you want more. Bloodlines in particular explains the New Republic and military setup. The information you want is out there.
It's not quite the same thing. Luke isn't abandoning the Rebellion by going to save his friends, he's cutting short his Jedi training. I didn't say Finn was selfish, just that he has his own motivations which initially aren't to do with the Resistance vs. First Order.
Think about what happened and what was said in that movie. The Jedi are finished. The Jedi Order died with Luke. His lesson to Rey was to treat the Force differently. Yes a new kind of Jedi will emerge now, but Luke really was The Last Jedi and the old ways died with him. Yes, Rey has the books, but they are the original/ancient texts and that's not the same as the bloated and arrogant Jedi Order which grew up over millennia. Edit: didn't make much sense.
No, they'd say, 'fair enough, you don't have to'.
Or just say you don't like it and not go on a pseud's rant about bad-writing.
Nah, I made a point about the fact that there are lots of people who are throwing out things like, "It's just lazy writing" when it simply appears they've missed things in the film which were obvious to others. People saying various things are plot holes ("Why did Luke just die?") when they've just missed important bits of information in the film. There's no strawman either, I'm just making fun.
Yeah, I didn't mind it one bit. They were really pushed for time. They had to get in and our as quickly as possible so they landed their ship anywhere they could and made their way to the Casino as quickly as possible. But yeah, we all have different things which can bring us out of a film.
Yeah, it's the same with Luke. I'm so bored of his TERRIBLE character who doesn't go anywhere. EP IV: Luke goes on a mission to rescue somebody (Leia) EP V: Luke goes on a mission to rescue somebody (Leia [AGAIN!], Han, Chewie, C3PO) EP VI: Luke goes on a mission to rescue somebody (Vader) and now.... EP VIII: Luke finished his life by going on a mission to rescue somebody. He's probably the worst character ever written. Such lazy writing.
Ah, right. I thought you might be. I enjoyed the back story, but the stuff I actually enjoyed most about it came in the EU/Legends. The stuff in the films was pretty boring and confusing. Like, who the fuck was Sifo Dias? It got explained in the books (Plagueis, I think) but that part was just plain confusing. Anyway, as for plot hole.... Oh man! There are really too many to list and they begin right at the start of TPM! The Nemoidians plan is to kill Obi Wan and Qui-Gon, right? But they wait for the Jedi to leave their ship and sit in a conference room. Then they try and poison the Jedi and they blow up the ship they arrive in. Erm.... Guys? You could have fixed this whole thing by just blowing up the ship as it landed in your hanger bay. D'oh! And then it goes from there.... Ad nauseum right up to Obi-Wan forgetting he can force-run (like at the start of the movie) right when he needs it most if he's going to reach Qui-Gon and Maul before the energy shields close in the Theed power station.
Haha, we didn't have that in the UK. However, I 'watched' Starcade '99 via a 'live stream' which was a semi-regular text commentary along with a live, blurry image which refreshed every minute. At the time I thought I had entered the future. I was watching a WCW pay per view LIVE! Normally we had to wait for the VHS to come out (if ever) so this was seriously cool. The only strong image which sticks in my mind is Jarrett fighting with Benoit during the ladder match.... *sigh* Great times...
So.... kinda like the Empire then?
Ugh, that awful theme.
I really enjoyed the Suzuki match! I don't watch week in week out and I lived the change in style which came with that match. I loved how Suzuki choked out Goto and was just typing with him for most of the match. Not a classic battle but I really enjoyed Suzuki's character.
So Wedge Antilles is also a bit redundant or just a bad character? He survived TWO Death Star attacks where he was involved right up to the end and the Battle of Hoth. We don't get a big backstory to explain everything about why he's a great pilot. We just accept his a great pilot. These kinds of reactions seem to show me that we've been spoiled rotten. We've had so much Star Wars content with all this backstory and detail that people are now annoyed they're not getting that detail in the films when in reality, we never got those details in the first place. Sure, the prequels shoved a lot of exposition in there, and they were poor movies. I've rather have a good movie that trusts its audience to be intelligent and capable of following and being invested in a film without having the plot and backstory explained to them at every step along the way. That's what Da Vinci Code or Transformers is for.
Well all three of the TIEs Kylo Ren attacked with were destroyed so evidently there is a threat.
Nope. The Prequels took 3 films to explain where the Empire and Darth Vader came from. They were Prequels, which mean we already know where everything ends up once they're finished. They are explaining how things got to a point that we already know about. The Sequels are set 30 years AFTER Return of the Jedi. We know nothing about that time period, just as we knew nothing when the Original Trilogy was released. It is absolutely NOT the job of the sequel films to explain what happened in the 30 years prior to them starting! No reason at all and certainly no more reason to explain everything than the first film had. These films are moving forward into unknown territory, not simply giving us backstory like the prequels (which were rubbish!) so getting bogged down in explaining the past simply isn't an option. Read the books if that's what you're after.
&gt; We know that both the Republic's Jedi and the Empire were actively looking for force-sensitive individuals, so it doesn't really make sense that Snoke just appears from nowhere...let alone appears from nowhere to build the First Order and create numerous superweapons within decades of the fall of the Empire. It prevents you from suspending disbelief because it's not really internally consistent anymore. Well we know that Snoke was based in the Unknown Regions. That is the UNKNOWN Regions, which I think infers some kind of mystery or unknown quality to the region. Almost as if it'd be a great place to lay low. We also know that Palpatine felt a strong dark side presence in the Unknown Regions and sent people out to investigate. So the fact that the Jedi didn't find Snoke when he was living outside of Republic space makes sense. But why do you say Snoke 'appears from nowhere'? Who says he did that? Again, this is 30 years on from ROTJ. He no more 'appears from nowhere' than any other character in the films. You're filling in the blanks yourself and using your own fabrications as arguments against the film. It's already been stated that the First Order attracted a lot of the remnants of the Empire and the fact that they've had 30 years to expand their forces through conquest of the Unknown Regions doesn't seem very far-fetched to me at all. &gt;Snoke? We learned in TFA that Kylo went to the dark side while he was training with Luke. That makes sense by itself. But with TLJ, we learn that it was actually Snoke who turned Kylo to the dark side. That doesn't really make sense -- how the hell was he tempted by Snoke if he was training with Luke? That was actually revealed in The Force Awakens. Snoke has been influencing Kylo Ren pretty much since before he was born (more details in the Bloodlines novel, if I remember correctly). By the time Luke realises how corrupted Kylo had become, it was too late.
Well, Kylo Ren does the same thing to Poe and tries to do it to Rey. Vader reads Luke's mind in Return of the Jedi and Palpatine talks to Luke as though he can read his thoughts.
What Snoke hype? The hype came from the fans, not the people making the movie.
&gt;It could go an infinite number of places really, and they'd all be new. Yeah, but would they be good? &gt; I don't think Luke should have been Kylo's motive to turn to the darkside. I'm not sure he was. Snoke had been influencing Ben since he was in Leia's womb and when Luke read his mind, he saw that he was already lost to the dark side. Luke definitely provided the moment for Ben to become Kylo Ren though. &gt; And Kylo's argument to her should have been to rule as good, and use the FO to restore freedom to the galaxy, and it would have splintered between those behind Kylo/Rey, and those loyal to Snoke. I don't think anyone in the First Order wants to use it to spread peace and happiness through the galaxy. They just spend years building a sun-sucking superweapon which wiped out the organisation responsible for securing freedom for the galaxy. I don't think you're going to get too many First Order officers or stormtroopers deciding to completely change their entire outlook on life because the scary guy in the mask has decided he wants to be good. Why would anyone be behind Kylo/Rey in that situation? They don't even know who Rey is. Also, Kylo Ren isn't really someone who inspires loyalty is he? He uses fear to bring people in line. The First Order officers you see interacting with him are terrified of him. Why would people decide to follow him after all he's said and done? &gt;And Hux should not have been made to be a buffoon. He should be a Tarkin stand-in imo. Tarkin was cool but he's already been a character and he died due to his own arrogance. &gt;And perhaps the Knights of Ren are now the big threat backed up by 2/3 of the FO. with Rey, Kylo, Luke and the rest of them backed up by an army of good stormtroopers. I respect the imagination but, no thanks. Knights of Ren appear out of nowhere and take control of the First Order? Why would they not follow their master? Would they even be much of a threat to three Jedi? Especially when one is a Jedi Master. I also really don't see where a bunch of 'good stormtroopers' are going to appear from. &gt;Was Finn the only one who was good? Looks that way. Or at least he's one of only a veeeeery few. I appreciate looking for a different direction to take the films and thanks for sharing your ideas, but I just don't see a viable film coming from Kylo and Rey joining forces for the good. There definitely could be a film made, but it'd have to be about Luke trying to reconcile with Ben and Ben having to somehow atone for his actions. That doesn't sound like the thrilling third part to a trilogy.
He's inside the shields.
&gt;Also, Rose somehow flew faster than Finn, who was doing top speed in a straight line, and was able to knock him out of the way Finn's ship was melting and falling apart and he was flying in an energy beam. That same energy beam pushed Poe's speeder along the ground after he'd abandoned it. So obviously it was slowing Finn down significantly. &gt;And then Finn was able to drag her 3 miles back to base in about 30 seconds. Well, it's about 5 minutes on screen time, so longer in 'real time', obviously. It may seem quick to you but you don't know how long has really elapsed. &gt;And then at the end, the Falcon was able to fly off-planet and escape despite an entire First Order fleet in orbit. That pretty much what the Falcon does. It escaped Tatooine after being pursued by two Star Destroyers. It managed to evade the Imperial fleet including Darth Vader on the Executor in ESB. In Return of the Jedi the Imperial fleet shows up again and the Falcon manages to evade them and fly all the way into the centre of the second Death Star. So it's not really 'out of character' or a plot hole unless you're also willing to criticise the original films for the same reasons.
We just don't need to see the Falcon's escape, do we? It's a small ship which is something of an expert at evading Star Destroyers. The mechanics of the escape aren't important when there are so many different ways for it to escape. When we see the Falcon leave Crait there are no Star Destroyers in pursuit so obviously they managed to leave without being detected. It looks like they're off planet by the time Kylo realises they've gone so it's just not an issue at all as far as I'm concerned.
How quick were they? Don't forget that screen time is not the same as 'real time'.
Quite possibly. If he wasn't in a bollocksed ship and wasn't too late.
Nothing would have changed in a pure plot fashion, but Finn's character certainly changed.
When you are in the military, your superiors do not need to placate you. Especially when you've just been demoted for disobeying orders.
&gt;And much of the disappointments in recent films have stemmed from Disney's/EA game's hellbent desire to stay away from the prequel films? Where do you get that idea from? &gt;Not to mention many people's extreme anticipation in seeing the possible return of actors like Hayden and Jimmy Smits? Again, I think you've overstated that by a looooooooooong way. I loved the prequels when I was a kid. I loved everything Star Wars as a kid though. As I got older, it because clear that they are just not good films. Revenge of the Sith is the best but it's still the culmination of a lame trilogy and far from a great film. The lore and all the extra stuff built around the prequels is great, but the films just aren't.
The story hasn't been ruined at all because Phasma or Snoke's backstory isn't the story.
&gt; When Phasma wants to check Finn's blaster, instead of "report to my division at once" - "Being part of my personal FN squad is a great honor, 2187, I expect better of you." But anyone with eyes and half an ounce of sense can tell that Finn is under Phasma. &gt;Throw in a line during Hux's speech to describe how "We've waited long enough, hidden away, it's time to show the galaxy our true power and liberate it from the tyrannous Republic!" Who the hell needs this explaining to them? &gt;When Snoke talks to Kylo about there being an awakening and how he'll be tested unlike he's ever been tested before say something like: "This will be your toughest challenge yet, since [some event in the past that explains Snoke's influence over him], and this time I won't be able to save you." And what does that add? Any why would Snoke need to explain to Kylo something that's already happened to him? Does Obi-Wan reminding Anakin about what happened on Cato Nemoidia add to the story? The opening crawl says, 'The First Order reigns.' Not that they've taken control of the galaxy. Just that they are now the dominant force. Indeed, the VERY NEXT LINE is "Having decimated the peaceful Republic, Supreme Leader Snoke now deploys his merciless legions to seize military control of the galaxy." So maybe you just need to watch the film a bit more so you don't miss glaring things like this and then go online to complain about them not being included. I don't think audiences need their hands holding and the fact that this movie has taken over $1.2billion seems to show that the audiences don't think they do either.
No it's not. Because the trilogies are self-contained stories. It's pretty laughable asking to have 30 years of history explained whilst at the same time making a fun action adventure film.
That's all you need to know about the First Order too. Stop trying to make special rules for these films just so you can bash them. It's such a poor argument anyway.
It's so annoying. George Lucas spend 3 bad films explaining all that crap and people want that to happen with the new films. What's the point? That's not the story. The story is about what's happening going forward, it's not about giving a history lesson that 99% of the audience don't give a shit about!
&gt; Why is Phasma such a big deal in the First Order? She's completely useless all the time in the movies. Well, she successfully executed the mission to Jakku. She also successfully captured Finn, Rose and DJ and was about to execute the first two when Holdo did her thing. Not really Phasma's fault. She's defeated by a falling floor too, not just Finn. &gt;Who is Snoke? Where did he came from? Where was he all the time in the OT? Away from all the main action, obviously. Want to know where/when/how/why? Look out for a book. &gt;How the hell did the Republic dropped the ball so hard after a major vicotry over the Empire? This is only "explained" in 1 or 2 lines in the rolling text in TFA and that's it. What do you mean? There are books that go into that stuff if you're interested. If you don't want to read the books then obviously it's not that important and if it's not that important then why spend time in your film explaining it? &gt;Knights of Ren? I know they like to take rain showers and Kylo joined them. But who the fuck are them? Dunno. Maybe they're just not very important and your own attachment of importance to them doesn't mean shit. It's such a silly discussion. You can do this for all the films. "I want to know X but it's not explained in the movie. Therefore, it's a problem with the movie and not just with me."
Well then the problem is with you and your misaligned expectations or your inability to see the clear connections up on the screen. The prequels completely TOOK AWAY from Darth Vader. They showed Anakin Skywalker to be a weak, whiny, bitchy, selfish, petulant, spoiled brat. In Star Wars, Obi-Wan looks wistfully into the distance thinking about his good friend. In the prequels, Obi Wan spends most of his time chastising Anakin and Anakin spends most of his time complaining about Obi-Wan. There's a 'disconnect' in the trilogies insofar as the new films take place 30 year after Return of the Jedi. Which is a long time. In fact, longer than the Empire was even around for.
Everyone knew the Emperor. We didn't know who he was though. &gt;This isn't satisfying storytelling. This is literally pulling a character out of your ass because you can't be bothered to come up with a proper background for him. So who are Obi-Wan's parents? What's his lineage with the Force? How the hell do you get force sensitive people if Jedi don't procreate? Oh yeah... some people are just born with it.
&gt;But they need all the stupidly obvious expositional from Rose? What are you talking about? &gt;And gems like, after Luke obviously died, having Rey and Leia beat you over the head with “oh my god he’s dead isnt he?” just to make sure the average viewer gets that luke is dead even though he obviously died? Er.... that's to explain HOW he went. As in, he went peacefully having fulfilled a purpose. He didn't suffer.
SUCH an invalid argument! Did you understand Star Wars without the big backstory? If you did then obviously it wasn't needed. Did you understand the last two films without the big backstory? If you didn't then you've done a worse job then your average 10 year old. Backstory simply isn't needed. It's actually rather ridiculous to put that argument forward. "These films are coming out set 30 years after the originals so obviously they need to give me Snoke's entire backstory" doesn't make any sense. &gt;The ST builds off of previous material and doesn't do a great job of justifying the transition from the original material to the new. What the hell are you talking about? It's 30 years into the future. What transition were you after? Seriously, just use your imagination.
Hahaha. Well, Poe might be wrong, but the movie is definitely telling us that Finn's sacrifice isn't worth it and it's just a suicide run. Poe admired Holdo's sacrifice but stops Finn from making a needless one, I reckon.
Indeed, but is it in Star Wars?
&gt; The Emperor: Took power from a corrupt senate, declared the Republic an Empire, hunted down and killed Jedi; we know how he took power from ANH. No we don't. At all. Obi Wan just says that Vader helped the Empire hunt down and destroy the Jedi. He doesn't mention the Republic being turned into the Empire. There's no mention of senate corruption, just an exchange where Tarkin informs the other leaders on the Death Star that the Emperor has dissolved the senate. There's no mention of how the Empire/Emperor came to power. &gt;He's a non-human Force User in a galaxy where the only Force User was meant to be Luke (last of the Jedi, no other Sith left, and no other FUs shown onscreen) That doesn't mean he's the last force user. Just the last Jedi. Also, you're forgetting his nephew and sister. &gt;he rebuilt a crumbling Empire out of nowhere No he didn't. The First Order is a new organisation which rose from the ashes of the Empire. He's not rebuilt the Empire at all because at the start of TFA, the Republic is in charge. &gt; took charge of it despite obviously not being a part of it pre-Endor The First Order isn't the Empire. &gt;and somehow managed to rebuild the Empire as the First Order and corrupt Leia/Han's son to the Dark Side while he was being trained by Luke. Yeah, he was a strong force user who corrupted Ben Solo. Wow..... How unlikely. &gt;There's just no real logical flow to Snoke. Not if you're going to abandon logic to criticise him! &gt;The Emperor always had the benefit of being the ultimate power in the Republic, so you can assume he had the authority to do everything they said he did and build the Republic. What!?!?! &gt;Snoke just appears out of thin air to shape the plot around him, somehow manages to bend both the Imperial Remnants and the future Jedi prodigy child to his little finger, and then build a Death Star out of a planet. Who says he appears from nowhere? He's a new character, if that's what you mean. Kinda like how John McClain just appears out of nowhere in Die Hard? All you're ding is explaining what Snoke has done and then using your own internal logic to say "But that doesn't make sense". What is so difficult about having someone who is a leader of a budding empire also turning someone to the dark side? I mean, isn't that what Palpatine did? &gt; Palpatine in RotJ was explicitly toying with Luke to try to turn him. Snoke in TLJ is toying with Rey because why the eff not, that's something a bad guy would do. Yeah, he's evil. He's toying with everyone. He's testing Kylo Ren again with Rey. &gt;Snoke died because apparently even though he could see Kylo move one lightsaber, he couldn't see him move two because Kylo Ren narrates everything in his mind in the singular format. Snoke died because Kylo tricked him.... what's wrong with that? &gt;Are they a small rag-tag militia that acquired a nuke-metaphor, or an overwhelming army, because the movies treat them as if they were both at once. How so? In TFA we see they have a pretty impressive fighting force on Starkiller Base and we know that's not even their main base because Snoke isn't there. &gt;We have no idea what that planet was or how important it was other than Hux's vague speech. Hux (to Snoke): "We shall destroy the government that supports the Resistance, the Republic." Hux (to First Order): "Today is the end of the Republic!...... This fierce machine which you have built, upon which we stand, will bring an end to the **Senate**! To their cherished **fleet**!" Finn (looking at destruction in the sky): "It was the Republic! The First Order. They've done it!" Poe: "Finn's familiar with the weapon that destroyed the Hosnian system." So er, yeah. It definitely does tell you. &gt;TFA and TLJ, IMVHO suffer because they're trying to be individualistic stories inside a galactic political plot, while ignoring the very galactic events that are driving the plot forward. They're not though. They're films which follow a very personal story. They are absolutely not about the grand scale of galactic politics. At all. That's why the films focus on the characters and not the political situation. Pan's Labyrinth takes place in the Spanish Civil War but doesn't need to go into detail explaining that war because it's just part of the setting. It's not the story. &gt; I want to see the struggles of the Resistance against the terrorising First Order on small planets And perhaps you will! I wanted to see an every day planet under Imperial rule and I didn't see one until Rogue One. &gt; I want to see the Republic in shambles being invaded by the First Order rather than being told it's happening offscreen Me too. However, I'm much more concerned with what the main characters are doing. I understand people's desire to see what's happening in the wider universe but that's nearly always been the domain of the books. Yeah, we see Jedi being killed around the galaxy in ROTS but that doesn't add to the story, it's just showing us main, familiar characters dying. &gt;How the hell is any of this related to the Galaxy at large aside from wherever Rey and Finn happen to be at any given time?! I'm pretty sure you can work that out yourself.
Jesus. It doesn't need to be explained! Who are all these people who are completely unable to fill in any blanks themselves?
Yeah, I'm saying if you have a hundred questions or want to know people's backstories then you're going to have to go and read the books. That's the way it's ALWAYS worked. You're asking for deeper explanations of things that films just don't have the time or the inclination to go into. If you want that then read a book. Don't ask silly questions or demand more exposition and blame the film for not being made for you specifically.
Okay cool, you could do that. But then you're using more raw materials to build something which you can only use once. Does it make more sense to build a capital warship which can transport fighters, bombers, ground forces etc. and can take out multiple enemy ships over the course of decades, or to build a big block that you can use once to destroy one ship or a small group of them? I think the ship would be a better choice. It's a cool way to destroy ships but you are going to churn through raw materials like nobody's business. Also, I'm sure that if it was adopted as a more mainstream tactic, then the defenses against it would also arise very quickly.
Not necessarily. If people have missed clear parts of dialogue or things that are written in the opening crawl, that's their problem. Again, I think the over-thinking here is a feature of the Star Wars fandom and evidently hasn't really affected many of the other people who have pushed this movie past the $1.2billion mark.
&gt;What? That doesn’t make any sense. Not even close to be the same, we are literally talking about how the movies should be enough to explain the story, and that’s what the prequels do about the OT plot. How do you not follow? You're criticising these films for not giving enough backstory. And yet somehow you're saying that the original films are immune from those same criticisms because 20 years later, the prequels came out.
Aaaah, so you want to know more about something and because you do, the movie should have shown you? Were you even around before the internet? Holy shit, all we had was our imaginations! "How did Vader end up in the suit?", "Where did the Empire come from?", "Who was the Emperor?". We didn't have these answers and we were still happy. We used our imaginations. It doesn't make the original films weak.
Well, I thought it was sad. But having Finn die without seeing Rey again would be a very strange choice.
&gt; No fucking. No. It's called Episode 7 and Episode 8. Not Trilogy 3: Episode 1 and 2. They are a part of a larger saga that should have a larger narrative. Well, that's what you say but funnily enough, not what top directors, producers and screenwriters say. Interesting, that. Again, these films are 30 years after the last of the original films. 30 years. They're not there to continue the narrative of the originals but to start something new. You must see that. &gt;Absolutely. But any mystery you start you're expected to solve at some point. Otherwise it's just misleading for the sake of misleading. That's poor storytelling. There are three films in the trilogy. We still have one more to go. So don't criticise the films for not tying things up when the films aren't even done yet. You might get lots of your question answered in the next film. &gt;He's not a Sith, but a powerful Dark Side Force-user. This creates mystery and begs the question, what the fuck is he? As you say: a dark side Force-user. I'm sure you'll find out more in time. &gt;He has witnessed the rise and fall of the Empire. This begs the question, who the fuck is he? If he's not important, why reveal this piece of information at all? Who says he's not important? He clearly is but his backstory perhaps less so. At least now. I can see Kylo Ren saying something about Snoke in Ep. IX. Maybe something about how he was just an old force user from wherever but no match for Skywalker blood, or something. &gt;He wears a ring made of obsidian from Vader's castle on Mustafar. This begs the question... why? Fucking why. Because it's cool? Because he respects Vader as a powerful dark side user? Because he heard stories of Vader being such a badass and wants to emulate him in ways? &gt;He has a hard-on for Vader. "We could have had another Vader." Again, why? If he's not important, why have him say this and create false hope for a link to an already established character? Kylo Ren is the link. It's not a hope, it's right there in front of us on the screen. &gt;He has "unlimited resources". This begs the question, how? Not important however. He just does. Again, why even mention this then? He controls large parts of the Unknown Regions. That means lots of planetary resources to plunder without competition. Couple that with the support he has from rich elites in the Republic and yeah, he'll have lots of resources. Maybe not quite 'unlimited', but that's something said by Andy Serkis in an interview and isn't canon. &gt;Point is that they continuously went out of their way to pile mystery upon mystery on this guy, only to give us fuck-all in terms of payoff. It's misleading and it's poor storytelling. I don't think it's misleading at all. We all just spent 2 years speculating about him being this and that only to be disappointed when it turned out Snoke wasn't as vital or as storied as we thought. Wait for the next film before decrying the poor storytelling.
&gt; What is the overall arc then? From Episode 1 to Episode 9? How's it all connected? There isn't one. It's a new set of stories taking place in the same universe, with some connections to the original films. Lucas made the prequels to round out Vader's story. That makes those 6 films the story of Vader going from a slave boy on Tatooine to the evilest dude in the galaxy, to being redeemed and killing the Emperor to save his son. That's what Lucas ha said multiple times. The new films are just that: new. There is a continuation, but it's not the Skywalker saga of the PT and OT. You will be disappointed if you're looking for a grand story thread that stretches back to Episode 1. As we are in the new films there is no Jedi Order and no Sith. No Galactic Empire. Things are different now. That story ended with the deaths of Vader and the Emperor. &gt;This is completely irrelevant to the subject matter. Not every discussion is an excuse for you to shit on the prequels. You said the prequels connections to the original films 'paid off'. I heartily disagree. Such connections were frequently clumsy in the extreme and actually detracted from the originals (Vader making 3PO, Obi Wan not remembering the droids or that Leia was Anakin's daughter).
&gt; wrote my first ever post about this. Do you mind if i post a link for you to read? Would love yi Our thoughts? Yes please. Thanks!
&gt;NO. I refuse to explain this again. There's a reason that they have the main films, the anthology films and now the new RJ trilogy. The main films belong to one larger narrative, the anthology films are standalone stories and the RJ trilogy will be its own narrative. Stop this. Stop it now. Episode 8 of a saga should be part of larger narrative. You can't just decide to wipe the slate clean in the 7th film. It doesn't work like that. This is the last time I'm gonna say this. You do understand that I know what you're saying but disagree, right? You can say everything is part of a larger narrative all you like, but when the new films are clearly a bit of a departure from what came before then you have to accept that your opinion isn't necessarily shared by Lucasfilm. &gt;Agreed. Which is why it's so frustrating to see him get him treated like a plot device and hear people say "Snoke's not important" whenever I express my desire to learn more about him. I think we all want to know more about him. Just like I wanted to learn about Darth Plagueis and Boba Fett and all these other mysterious characters Star Wars has brought up through the years. I think the 'importance' thing is to do with the fact that he's not as important as Kylo Ren nd that's who the focus is on. Snoke is a mysterious dude and has remained as such. &gt;Was he though? What are you basing this on? Well, he would have certainly been very well known by the Imperial military and political class. Leia knows who he is, Lando knows who he is. I'm guessing he's pretty well known as a boogeyman/Imperial enforcer. In Rebels, people know who he is when he shows up, too. &gt;So did I, until Snoke was killed and I realized it would never pay off. The different reactions are interesting. I was shocked when it went down and I had that "Oh shit, now we're not going to find out about him" but along with "Wow, now we're going somewhere different...." &gt;But at the same time they kept adding more mystery to him, like the stuff I mentioned above. So what they said isn't really compatible with what they did. Mmmmmm, I do disagree. I didn't feel like Snoke was built up too much, although there was a lot more focus on his this time around. But then I suppose that's to heighten the impact of Kylo killing him. &gt;But Rian Johnson is erroneously assuming that any information about Snoke had to come through exposition to Rey. That's an extremely limited way of looking at it. There are many ways we could have explored Snoke's identity that didn't involve senseless exposition. If you had other people talking about him, perhaps. But maybe they don't know much more than we do! That'd make sense. &gt;Why do you assume I didn't enjoy the film? I liked it. I thought it had a lot of missteps and missed opportunities, but it was an entertaining film. You are mistakenly assuming that in order to enjoy a film you have to refuse to acknowledge any kind of flaws in said film. This is not the case. You are allowed to like the film but still express disappointment in what you believe could have been handled better. Well the, I'm glad you enjoyed it, in that case!
&gt; comments/7lfgze/spoiler_the_raddus_problem_can_of_worms_closed/?utm_source=reddit-android Amazing work! It makes sense that Holdo would be sub-light at the time of impact and that the maneuver would be difficult enough to pull off that it's not common. I've tried to talk to people about the ineffectiveness of one-for-one ship combat, but to no avail. It doesn't seem to be as clear to some others as it is to me that the Resistance has very limited resources and if they chose to ram their capital ships into Star Destroyers, they'd be wiped out in no time.
Look, don't take it personally. It's just this same argument again and again and it just doesn't hold any water for me. But, my apologies if I've offended you in any way. &gt; I'd like some sort of explanation onto how this random guy, who no one knew about previously, influenced Ben Solo, a member of the Skywalker family, so easily and effortlessly and bring Luke's entire Jedi Order crashing down. Well, Bloodlines describes how Snoke started to influence Ben when he was still in Leia's womb. So he's been working on it for a long time by the time Luke makes his big mistake. &gt;One of the end goals of the original trilogy was Luke becoming a Jedi Master and recreating the order and in this 30 year gap, we've been given "oh some guy from the outer rim stopped him". I can only take "this guy from nowhere" undermined Luke so many times over two movies until I start feeling like there's actually no good thought out reason and it's solely for writers to make Kylo the bad guy and for us to have no Jedi Order. Well, the whole New Jedi Order thing never felt like a 'goal' of the original films to me because what the Jedi actually were was still very much a mystery. This 'guy from nowhere' thing doesn't work for me either, because of this 30 year gap. Sure, he's come from nowhere if you catch up with the story 30 years into the future, but it's clear he's an established and known character by the time we reach The Force Awakens. How many times did Snoke undermine Luke though? It seems like turning Ben was the thing that undermined him. So I make that one, but I'd be interested to see what else you picked up. &gt;If you were to watch the movies in order... You'd watch 4 5 and 6, a whole trilogy dedicated to this goal, and then bam the next movie it's just all gone and the movie after that it's down to 50 people. Well, the Rebels are the 'Alliance to Restore the Republic' so yeah, that's definitely one of their stated aims. But again, the Jedi order thing is a bit more up in the air unless you bring the prequels into it. But in the Force Awakens there is a Republic capital and everything. It just gets wiped out. But we see it. There is an explanation for it. You say 'then you go to the next movie....' but when that movie is set 30 years in the future, a different political landscape is completely understandable. It was never going to be plain sailing just because they blew up a couple of Death Stars and killed the Emperor. &gt; And the only thing that has ever tried to explain it is our good ole credit reel that says the First Order destroyed the Republic and now dominates it. Well, if you discount the section of the Force Awakens that shows the First Order blowing up the Republic capital then sure, the opening crawl is the only mention of it whatsoever..... &gt;Apparently the rest of thee galaxy doesn't care. In fact the galaxy decides not to help the resistance at all either. Well, the capital and fleet of the galactic government have just been destroyed so maybe everyone is not so eager to come rushing to the Resistance's aid. Self-preservation and not throwing oneself away in a battle against incredible odds, and all that. The Republic was barely supporting the Resistance anyway. &gt;The same galaxy that destroyed the Empire a few decades before apparently just sits around and let's this First Order stomp all over them with just 50 people left to resist them in an entire galaxy. The Republic was just decimated and it's fleet almost wiped out... 'The Galaxy' also didn't destroy the Empire. A small band of Rebels did. &gt; It feels like, yet again, the writers wanted a return to the classic rebellion vs big bads without a thought to how it makes sense in continuation from the rest of the trilogy. It makes absolutely perfect sense. It's explored more in the books, comics, computer games etc. but also just makes sense in the films too. &gt;I'm happy that you apparently have absolutely no problem with the new trilogy. There are some issues I have, but not these ones. &gt; But there are people who have valid complains because it does absolutely feel like every accomplished goal in the OT was erased on the whim of a writer without any justification. That was always inevitable. Everyone living happily ever after doesn't make an intriguing set of films. Everything going wrong does. PLUS, there have been 30 years between films. Shit went pretty well for most of that. We join the story just as it all goes pear-shaped. &gt; I cant help watching the OT and just have a feeling of pointlessness knowing that actually none of it matters. Except it does matter. The Galaxy is on the path to liberation from the Empire. The Emperor is dead. The Sith are done. Just because things change after 3 decades, it doesn't invalidate what came before.
That tracking system wasn't finished, it just showed the Empire was working on it.
Ah, it didn't seem clear from what you said. Cheers.
When does Snoke hint at any of that? Andy Serkis said that, sure, but what he says in interviews isn't really Canon. He is in charge of the First Order, sure. But y'know, what did we know about The Emperor before the prequels? I don't think the Emperor ruined Star Wars for me just because I had no idea who he was.
Interdiction fields are Canon. It definitely solves the problem insofar as it provides a Canon way to defend against hyperspace attacks. The Glaciate was an Interdictor/Immobilizer used in the Battle of Jakku, so that shows that since first appearing in 14BBY, they were still in use at least 19 years later. I'd be surprised if the technology vanished, especially when we see that the First Order has continued Imperial research into things like hyperspace tracking.
But it's Canon so it is a valid way of protecting against hyperspace attacks. I'm not saying they have the technology installed in their ships but the tech is out there and Canon. The Old Republic stuff is legends and not Canon.
Yep.
What's the problem with that?
No, it's in Canon. As in, it's a confirmed technology.
Ah, yeah. That's fine because then we just say that in the movie, nobody had hyperspaced into a big ship to destroy it, so Holdo is the first and everything's fine.
&gt; Despite that they still give us backstory about the Emperor, how the Republic fell etc. Enough for us to know what is going on in the galaxy. No they didn't. Where do you get any back story about the Emperor? You don't find out his name. You don't find out where he comes from. You don't find out what he does. You don't find out want kind of evil Jedi he is. Nobody ever mentions the word 'Sith' in any of the films. We get told that he's dissolved the Senate and given power to regional governors. Aaaaand that's about it. As for the Republic, all we ever hear is that it came before the Empire. It's not mentioned again is it? It's very bare bones. That's not a bad thing though. It doesn't detract from Star Wars in any way whatsoever. I love the Emperor not because he's the skilled Naboo politician whose manipulation of trade groups helped him engineer a war in order to take control of the Republic thanks to dodgy legislation, but because he was a badass dude with yellow eyes and had an evil laugh and shot lightning out of his fingers. It's the character that matters. You're applying new rules to these films just because they're Star Wars films. The drama in The Lat Jedi is fantastic. It's a very well crafted, deliberate film. You may feel cheated because Star Wars has so much lore and we love seeing different environments and characters, but that's not ultimately what Star Wars is about. The prequels got bogged down in showing so much of what was going on that the main characters ended up being paper-thin and forgettable. The new films have put characters central and focused on what made Star Wars great to begin with. Characters. Th Snoke thing has really rankled with people, but that's just the way it is. I'm looking forward to learning more about Snoke in the future. The mystery of where he came from isn't as important right now as the story of Kylo and Rey, that's all.
Just looked at it again and it looks like the beam.
Perhaps it was on his way to the trench?
Beautiful!
I don't buy it, I'm afraid. I don't thin there was 'clearly something huge' going on in those 30 years. It was a period of relative peace once that Imperial remnant had flex for the Unknown Regions, up until the point where the First Order began to fragrant defy the peace treaty signed after Jakku. The Force Awakens may have been the next film after Jedi, but it's clearly something new. This is the nature of the soft-reboot. It's a new thing that looks like a sequel but is really as new story. The old Skywalker saga from the PT and OT is done. There are elements that remain but now it's a new story and not a continuation of Return Of The Jedi, as if nothing had happened in the intervening 3 decades. It's best to look forward. Don't ask the films to give you a history lesson, look too then to cover you an entertaining sorry work interesting characters and an intriguing plot.
They're magnetic.
Well dude, the movie hasn't made just under $1.3billion on the backs of the likes of us. &gt;Plus your overlooking the (verified accurate) Rotten Tomatoes audience score. It’s at 49% Last I looked. I doubt all the critics are die-hard SW fans. The Rotten Tomatos thing has been done to death. The audience metrics used by the industry have all shown an overwhelmingly positive response, and it seems that the Rotten Tomato rating got trolled big time. But the point is that the things that rankle with the hardcore fans won't be the same things which the mainstream audience picks up. Y'know, the people who will see the movie for pure entertainment value and not so they can learn about the next chapter of a story they care very deeply about. Snoke was just a bad guy. Your average non-Star Wars fan wasn't going home and speculating online about where Snoke came from. He was just the bad guy, he got killed by Kylo Ren and now Kylo is the Supreme Leader. It makes perfect sense and results in a great lightsaber battle and character development. The lore isn't the sticking point for most people. Just like non-LOTR fans weren't walking out of Fellowship of the Ring bemoaning the lack of Tom Bombadil, your non-Star Wars fan isn't going to give much of a shit about Snoke.
So you can't compare different films at all? I couldn't compare The Godfather to say, Apocalypse Now, because one is a gangster film and one is a war film? Of course you can compare things like that! If people are allowed to compare the events of The Force Awakens to the events of Star Wars then we can look back and say that secluding oneself after a tragic event isn't exactly something new to the Jedi in the Star Wars films. Especially when they are so similar!!!! Yoda and Obi-Wan: Trained a Jedi who turned to the dark side, turned against the Jedi and helped wipe them out. Then disappeared to ruminate over their mistakes and hide from the new force of evil which is trying to find them and kill them. Luke in TLJ: Trained a Jedi who turned to the dark side, turned against the Jedi ad helped wipe them out. Then disappeared to ruminate over his mistakes and hide from the new force of evil which is trying to find him and kill him. Doesn't seem so different to me.
All I'm saying is that Jedi going into exile isn't going against Star Wars traditions or anything. I understand what they were all doing, I just see more parallels, I guess. BUT WAIT! This entire discussion could be moot if the Obi-Wan film gets made! Either way, I really like Luke's exile. His reasons for exile are complicated. On one level he's come to believe that the Jedi and he himself are not a positive influence on the galaxy as a whole and need to end/die. On the other hand, he feels guilt. Either way, by the end of the film, he's reversed his decision and I feel it was a great ending.
And develop both of the characters they focus on. Nice try, but a miss....
Yeah, we didn't need any world-building or character development for the male lead of The Force Awakens.... nah.
How would he learn that lesson? In TFA he went from a Stormtrooper to a deserter who made a true friend for the first time and fought to protect her. He went from a Star Destroyer to a smuggling ship to an underground hangout for various unsavoury types to Starkiller base. Exactly where on that journey does he learn about what exactly it is the Resistance is fighting for? He's not even experienced any kind of normal planet or life so quite how he's going to suddenly develop into a more worldly and knowledgeable character whilst in a coma is beyond me.
Nope. Finn throwing his life away in a pointless gesture would have really sucked. He risked his life to save Rey and now he's going to die without even seeing her again? Come on... Oh, and then Luke doesn't have his change of heart and doesn't sacrifice himself in order to create an inspirational legend which will go on to inspire people to the new Rebellion's cause? No thanks.
You don't even know who the Knights of Ren are so don't sit here being like "Duh, why not just send the Knights of Ren"? How about....any of a thousand reasons you could make up if you were the one writing the movie?
What story threads are left open? And I mean story threads, not information about characters.
&gt;And, yes, The Knights of Ren would have made things darker, because they are darker characters. I would have enjoyed that greatly. We'd assume. But right now they have no character. They are only really visible for a split second during a lightning flash! You're saying the movie would have been better with the Knights of Ren but that's based on your own ideas. How can you see that split-second shot of them in The Force Awakens and say that The Last Jedi would have been a better movie with them in? We don't know who they are. They have no character. It's just some costumes at this time.
&gt;What are these scrappy Resistance rebels fighting for? I have no sense of what they gain from defeating the FO. That was one of the main points of the Canto Bight sequence. It's meant to show you that the Resistance is fighting for the downtrodden in the galaxy, not just to defeat the First Order. That's what Rose is talking about with her final line to Finn, just to ram it home. I do find it interesting the way so many views I read on here seem to misrepresent the Original Trilogy or conflate the fact that so much information about the universe came out after the films with what we actually got in the movies. OP says that the originals gave this huge scale of conflict, but I'm wondering how, exactly? We didn't see a single Imperial-occupied planet in the original films. Tatooine was run by gangsters, Yavin IV was a Rebel base, Hoth was the same, Dagobah is a jungle, Cloud city was independent and Endor was a forest moon with a shield generator. It wasn't until Rogue One that we actually got any sort of idea how the Empire conducted itself on planets it administered. I really got a sense of how outgunned and outnumbered the Resistance was in The Last Jedi. It's all up on the screen, really. The First Order blew up the seat of the Republic and a huge chunk of its fleet. The Resistance has a handful of ships and no reliable allies to count on. I'm surprised the difference between the two wasn't something which jumped out at you, but we all consume films differently, I suppose. Anyway, I just find it interesting how people are criticising the new films for having some of the exact same features as the originals (Emperor and Snoke both being shadowy evil guys we know nothing about, for example) yet making excuses for the original films.
I was talking about the Emperor. The man who founded the Empire. The man who corrupted Anakin Skywalker to the point where Darth Vader basically tells Luke he probably would turn to the Dark Side but he 'mu obey his master'. Why? What was this power the Emperor had over Vader? We never find out. The man who has masterminded the dissolution of the Senate, two super weapons and a grand trap to destroy the Rebellion and kill all of our heroes in one fell swoop. And we never even find out his name (outside of the novel adaptations)! I/We grew up with that mystery and was/were happy with it.
Mmmm, I'm with you. I think I spoke elsewhere about how I think it was something which was a character development thing for Rey and not a big feature of the Star Wars lore. Essentially, Rey's parentage mattered to Rey but not to anyone else or the wider galaxy.
TPM - I saw this at 14 years old. Did a midnight queue at the cinema just to buy tickets!!!! People showed up in costume and queues just to get tickets for the film a few weeks later. I went with my Dad, who introduced me to Star Wars and we were so excited. We both loved it, but as the time went by, my Dad was less enthusiastic. I just loved it to bits as I suppose I was a bit too young to realise it was a bad film. I can still watch the movie, but it's not too easy. The bad bits are just so glaringly in your face and the good parts are usually interrupted or punctuated by utter rubbish. We have a great lightsaber battle and an invasion of the palace by a small group of loyalists and the Queen and then the whole thing is inter-cut with Jar Jar clowning about. Oh, and I HATED Anakin building C3PO the first time I saw it and it just gets worse every time I think about it. AOTC - 17 years old. Loved the action sequences but wasn't into the love story. As time's gone by, I like the battle sequences even less and the romance stuff is utterly cringe-worthy. I always thought I wanted to see loads of Jedi battling on screen. Turns out I actually didn't. Same with Yoda. I was embarrassed when that came up on the screen. I tried to like it but I just couldn't. Also not a fan of the CGI clones. Oh, and Dexter Jetster. Honestly, I think that upon reflection, Attack of the Clones is my least favourite. ROTS - 19 years old. Loved it in the cinema. Watched it last week and enjoyed it a lot. Definitely could have done without Grevious and all that stuff and the clunky way Anakin turns into Vader definitely rankles with me, but I generally enjoy it. I'm not totally sure why The Emperor went from a skinny-looking old guy to some kind of weird deformed monster man though.
As long as you're not using American cheese, sure.
I think it's good that now the third lesson is something which Luke can deliver in the next film. Either that, or his show at the end of the film was said lesson.
Keep trying to get into it but certain things just keep beating me over the head with their awfulness: 1) Ashoka. What the fuck? Anakin clearly didn't have an apprentice in the films. Not one single mention, hint, background appearance or anything. Plus, why the hell would Anakin have an apprentice. And all this 'Snips' and 'SkyGuy' stuff? Ugh... 2) Darth Maul. Do one. He died in Phantom Menace. Dead. Bringing him back is rubbish and unnecessary. 3) Insanely annoying battle droids. 4) More rubbish stuff. Maybe I'll try again soon....
Y'know what? I'd like to see Nakamura back in NJPW. He's just treading water in WWE, I feel.
&gt; It feels like to me that they must think it holds them back in some way. I'd say it's more like accepting the fact that 9-films is probably enough at this point. &gt;Yet even with the new stand alone films, they are based squarely within the Skywalker timeline, with at least one (maybe Solo too) featuring a Skywalker, which isn't very imaginative. To be fair, that's anywhere within a 73-year period of time from Anakin's birth to Luke's death. Not unimaginative, it's just that Star Wars takes place in that time period.... &gt;I'd also love to know why the first theatrical trailer for TFA featured the Luke to Leia speech from ROTJ if Rey was really nobody. Because it got people hyped for the movie. We never got any of the Darth Maul 'Fear is my ally' stuff from the Phantom Menace trailers either. Hell, the Rogue One trailer was almost entirely made up of cut footage! Trailer are trailers, movie are movies. &gt;Why to be an apparent Force prodigy, do you have to be a gun pilot/orphan/slave from a desert planet with a similar dress sense. Well, the lowly hero is a pretty well-established trope. It's not exclusive to Star Wars. &gt;Rey's background is from the same cookie cutter as was Anakin's and Luke's, yet it feels like they made a late decision on not making her Luke or Leia's child. It seems to me that she was never going to be Luke or Leia's child. Why? How the hell would they deal with Han and Leia giving up their child and that child having no memory of it? How wold they have dealt with having Rey and Han Solo in the same scenes? &gt;Having her be no one doesn't explain why any of the similarities exist, in fact it makes them harder to explain for me. Why do you have to explain them? It shouldn't make anything hard. The similarity Rey and Luke have is that they were from a desert planet. &gt;Han steals every scene he is in, people still care more about Luke, Han and Leia than they do about Rey, Finn and Poe (not Kylo, who is by far the best new character there is) and forcing the old characters off for the benefit of the new doesn't really work. Yes, people care more for characters they've grown up with than the ones they've just been introduced to. That makes perfect sense.. &gt; Lightning won't strike twice here. The Force Awakens: $2,068,200,000 The Last Jedi: $1,300,000,000 They seem to be doing alright. &gt;Also it didn't help that the whole thing with Rey in 7 is people asking who she is, making her seem like she is someone important ie someone related to the OT characters. She is important. She represents the awakening in the Force and is the light to meet Kylo Ren's darkness. There was never any insinuation that Rey was related to anyone from the old films. That's your own addition and can't be used to criticise the films.
Fair play if you're just not a fan of them, I suppose! Again, I disagree but it seems it just comes down to personal preference on this one :)
Well, I don't think you can really say there's barely any character development in The Last Jedi. I felt that all the main characters moved on quite nicely. A LOT more depth than in The Force Awakens, anyway. As for 'world-building', I dunno, Jakku, Takodana, Starkiller, D'Qar, Cantonica (sp?) and Crait were introduced and we definitely got to see more of the starships than we did before. It doesn't have all the green-screen stuff from the prequels, but I'm happy about that. I think Rogue One did the best of any of the films of filling out the universe and I think it did a better job of doing it than any of the prequels. That film was like a comic brought to life.
Eh, I can't share the blame because Poe is the one out of order and not Holdo on this one. Leia agreed.
She doesnt teleport though. I just watched it again. Everyone is scattered. I imagine her not standing right there has something tk do with the gigantic explosion that killed loads of people and caused immense damage as the ship tore apart.
I imagine people she trusted were in the loop. She didn't trust Poe after his behaviour in their first encounter and after his rashness in the opening battle.
And the Special Editions!
They neded to use Starkiller in order to destroy the majority of the Republic Fleet. They couldn't have done it with what thsy already had.
Solo more 'competent' that TLJ? What movie did you watch? Solo was an absolute mess for the first hour and then became a decent\-enough adventure, but my God is was creaky as hell.
Dude, you ARE a vocal minority. That's not an insult. How bad has it become when people are feeling victimized just because their opinion isn't being pandered to? Millennial narcissism a it's finest.
What if? Is not an argument mate.
&gt;I've only seen this denial in critical and audience reception in DC movies. The concerted effort to rebuke negativity and about Justice League and Suicide Squad because they want it to be good and liked so bad, despite what audience/critic reviews say. Dude, the exact opposite is happening on here! There are countless strange arguments as to why a film \(The Last Jedi\) which received great critical and audience reception and made a butt\-load of money is actually universally terrible and a huge failure which is killing the entire Star Wars franchise. People who don't like the film say that there is a huge number of people who feel the same as them \- maybe even a majority \- but then complain that their anti\-TLJ posts get downvoted to hell. By who, exactly? I haven't seen anybody say that there is nobody avoiding Solo because they didn't like The Last Jedi. However, just because you see people on here who share you view, that does not mean that you can extrapolate that out to the general audience. This is a very niche set of people we have here.
People just seem to give ROTS a pass for some reason. Take the Anakin/Dooku fight. George Lucas needed those guys to fight on their own so what's the solution? Oh, just have Obi\-Wan knocked unconscious and then Dooku traps his LEG \- but just a little bit and with no lasting damage \- under a railing. If that had happened in TLJ then people would be losing their shit over lazy writing and plot convenience. Or how about the fact that Palpatine turns Anakin by promising to be able to save Padme. He's all like, "I'm the only one who can save her!" and then as soon as Anakin saves Palps, he's all, "Excellent, now we can figure out how to save Padme!". Er, you what, mate? How about when they managed to turn the birth of suited\-Vader into a worldwide joke? How about the stupidity of Obi Wan sneaking around on Utapau only to drop down miles away from Grevious, in a position where he is completely surrounded just so he can smile and say "Hello there?". Again, The Last Jedi would get torn apart by people complaining that the correct tactic should have been to just drop down onto Grevious, slicing him up with a surprise lightsaber attack rather than waiting to give him a one liner and time to ignite 4 lightsabers. How about the OUTRAGEOUS writing and acting in the scene where Padme tells Anakin she's pregnant? They're keeping it all super\-secret but they don't even wait until Mace Windu is 10 ft away before reuniting in a loving embrace. Hell, if Mace had forgotten to tell Anakin something and had turned around, they'd have been fucked! Or how about how everyone in the film is incredibly stupid? The Jedi completely miss the multitude of signs that all is not right with Anakin. Oh wait, but then, they don't do they? They're concerned about Anakin's issues, Yoda tries to give him a lecture about fearing loss, Mace Windu clearly doesn't trust him and they send Anakin to spy on Palpatine because they don't trust him and sense the dark side around him, yet when Palpatine intervenes to put Anakin on the Jedi Council they just go along with it. It's one inexplicably bad decision after another. But this all gets a pass from the hyper\-critical fans who hate the new films because \- I'm assuming \- nostalgia is a powerful drug.
Well I think a lot of that had to do with the break in filming when Harisson Ford got injured.
Probably Jerusalem. That way you would have first\-hand experience of NONE OF THAT BULLSHIT EVER HAPPENING. You could be there to not see Jesus doing his thing! You could be there to not see Muhammed ascend to heaven! A front row seat to all of the stuff which never happened and the ability to prove to people it never happened. Perfect.
Yeah, I get that Aurra Sing was in The Clone Wars, but I was just pointing out that she is a character from the films, not the extended universe/canon. Felucia was never mentioned in The Phantom Menace and neither was Sifo Dyas. It's the planet in Revenge of the Sith where Aayla Secura gets killed. I said that Darth Maul was always from Dathomir, not always on Dathomir. He was from Dathomir in both Legends and the new Canon.
No, they don't but she was a character that got a lot of attention at the time. Enough that they brought her back for a cartoon series, evidently.
Can anyone tell me anything about the Trade Federation using information only available in the films? I mean, they are a federation involved in trade aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand that's about it.
It makes perfect sense if you're not being a smart ass trying to take everything super\-literally.
If that made no sense to you then I don't know what to say!
Seriously? 'Deal with it' is being mean now? Edit: Though actually I suppose it might have seemed a bit harsh. Sorry dude.
Good point. Rian Johnson could never do something as bad as Greedo shooting first, Jedi Rocks of 85&amp;#37; of the prequels though!
Well, that's where we disagree.
He doesn't try to kill Ben. Luke ignites his saber and then instantly comes to his senses. He saw the destruction of everything they had worked so hard for, it's not just 'a bit of darkness'.
Well, it's 30 years disconnected and there's a new story. We'll just have to wait for those other stories to be told. There is plenty of time for those books to come out and I'm sure that we will have just as much fun reading them as we did reading the old\-EU books which came out a longer after the films than new canon ones will.
I really think that 'world\-building' is best left to books, TV and comics. I'd rather have films that are focused on story. The original films didn't get hung up on 'world\-building' \- in the sense people on here seem to be using the term \- and the new films are closer in tone to those ones. We don't need lots of side films explaining more things about characters. Biographical information is not character. Solo was a bit of fun but it didn't enhance the character of Han Solo in any way, it's just extra info.
Good for you. I hope that's more fun for you.
Do you boo when mummy makes you a sandwich you don't like?
Keep taking the drugs, man.
That's what the sound effects and Mark Hamill's excellent acting are for. A CGI scene of some stuff blowing up or peopl being killed with a lightsaber adds nothing.
Dude, I'm pretty sure the characters are the focus of Game of Thrones, not the lore. That's why so much of it was dropped from the TV show. This sub has a serious issue with confusing 'world building' with just having lots of flashy shit in the background. The kind of thing you mentioned above \(from ANH\) is absolutely present in the new films.
And in TFA you see people on the planet about to get blown up.
....and poverty, and your team losing the game, and the girl who wouldn't go out with you, and stubbing your toe.
I think 'incredible' is going a bit far, but glad you enjoyed it!
I don't accept that argument at all. The new films are their own things. They occur 30 years later. They're not direct sequels in that way, and being a sequel still doesn't mean you have to give a detailed history lesson to everybody. The Empire is still defeated. We are dealing with the First Order now. Just use some imagination like we always had to do! It's more fun than having everything spoon\-fed to you.
What!?! The same fan base that tried to pass of Luis Suarez's racism as Uruguayan custom? Never!
You can go and live on a beach for a lot less than that.
TLDR: That's how the women in my tentacle porn act, therefore: Asian stereotype.
I have a house on the Indian Ocean which doesn't cost anywhere near that much!
Exactly. And its hyperspace routes haven't been mapped out. I'm assuming that there was a period of galactic exploration and they just didn't make it over there!
I mean, just at some point where one would assume they interrogated them or just him for a moment. Does it say that DJ never left Finn's side? If not then you just have to put 2 and 2 together and assume that DJ managed to speak to them alone.
And then suffers from a very poor marketing campaign.
So Rogue One making over a billion dollars was proof of what, exactly?
I have it as maybe the 8th best Star Wars film. It's a lot of fan service and references but not a very good film. And the reasons for it's disappointing performance are being discussed frequently! Industry consensus seems to be that a poor marketing campaign and a tricky release date have led to the flop. Fan boycotts and The Last Jedi are not seen as significant factors by people who actually know what they're talking about/researching.
NOOOOOOOOO! FACTS!?!?! We'll have none of their kind around here, thank you!
I thought it was very consistent. I don't get that argument at all.
Hahaha, what!?!
Because whilst the dates were similar, the days of the week were not. The Force Awakens had it's opening weekend a week before Christmas, with the Christmas weekend being it's second weekend of release. With The Last Jedi \- and the other films released that week \- that second weekend was the time for people to be traveling. It's not an excuse \(and nobody needs to make an excuse for a film that grossed $1.3 billion at the box office\), it's just a quirk of timing.
I loved Ian McDairmid's performance until he got all monster\-faced and started doing the weird voice and face. That 'Goooooood, goooood' bit is just downright strange.
Easily one of my favourite The Last Jedi easter eggs!
I kinda feel the same way but about movie Maul. I thought he fulfilled his purpose nicely in the film. Him dying was fine and I've always been perplexed by him being brought back. Yes, he is a fan favourite because he has an awesome design and everything, but I didn't see anything for him to add.
But Rian and JJ were meeting during the writing process for TLJ and the story group has been around the whole time. I don't think they were as isolated as you might think. JJ was very positive about Rian's take on The Last Jedi.
Han is very important to The Force Awakens and Luke is very important in The Last Jedi. Leia was to take the lead in IX but real life interfered.
Well, it seems to be confusing a lot of people. Apparently Solo \(a fair movie\) is amazing because of all the references.
&gt; The whole Rey training with a staff is less than we saw Luke train with a lightsaber by himself before fighting Vader, so to me that's just sloppy writing and assumptions. Absolutely wrong. We see Luke have ONE lesson on using a lightsaber and we have no indication he has ever been in melee combat before. He gets his ass handed to him by a Tusken Raider right off the bat. Then the next time we see him he cuts an arm of a wild animal and that's it. Rey is shown to be an independent, scrappy scavenger who has no problem fighting off multiple enemies with her staff. Rey is absolutely shown to be more of a warrior than Luke was.
It's this new generation of fans. We never saw Luke learn how to use his lightsaber or pull it toward him with the force. Yoda doesn't conduct any saber training yet nobody bats an eye when Luke goes to face the Galaxy's biggest badass. But these days the fans seem to want to see EVERYTHING. In another thread, someone was telling me that it was poor filmmaking to have the darkness in Kylo Ren shown only through Mark Hamill's acting and sound effects and the actions of the characters. As if you need a cutaway to some explosions or flashes of people being killed with a lightsaber to understand what's going on. I've said it before and I'll say it again: people criticise 'lazy writing' but it's actually 'lazy watching'.
I don't know where 'perfect flow' comes from seeing as the first 45 minutes is a mish\-mash and an utter mess. It definitely gets a lot better but if you're interested in the mechanics/composition of films \(not saying you have to be in order to think a film is good\) then you can see how creaky Solo is. It jumps around a lot before settling into a decent Ron Howard film a third of the way in.
&gt;Maybe. See! Even you can't help but quote The Last Jedi ;\) I'm hoping that the failure of Solo pushes Lucasfilm to try and move away from just having the Anthology/Star Wars Story films being extended references to lines or characters from the OT.
Yeah, and there's nothing wrong with that. I saw a very disjointed film that took a long time to find its feet, unfortunately.
Leigh Brackett and Lawrence Kasdan wrote Empire. George Lucas had a story credit for a story he came up with after Star Wars. It wasn't planned out as a cohesive trilogy. The prequels were all George and they sucked.
Well that is a lovely sentiment! Thanks for sharing and best of luck with your journey! May the Force be with You!
Well I'm sure that will be true of the people who grew up loving the prequels and the cartoons and stuff. That's fine for those people to think that, too. There are already people who think the prequels are better than the originals and that's fine too, even if I do think it's unbelievably misguided.
I feel you! It's as if films aren't allowed to have mystery any more and using your imagination \(the thing i LOVED so much about Star Wars\) is now a bad thing. "WE SHOULDN'T HAVE TO THINK!!!!" \-90&amp;#37; of negative comments on here.
Well I remember Tion Meddon's name and he was a nothing character. Darth Maul and Qui Gon were barely characters in TPM. Qui Gon moreso, but Maul was just a cool looking bad guy.
Mate, it's not a battle. I was teaching elementary school up until recently and the kids loved the new characters. Get over yourself.
She has the Jedi texts.
Yes, people would lie to me about that because I guess they're part of the conspiracy, or something?
Pulling a weapon out and then instantly deciding not to use it is not 'trying to kill' someone. That is the point.
I don't want an Obi\-Wan movie. Yeah, the memes are great and everything and he did the best out of anyone in the Prequels, but it's not like he was great or anything. He hated making those films and it shows throughout. I really don't see what an Obi\-Wan film would bring to the table other than more fan\-service for those who are dying to see more Ewan McGregor in a beard. He dropped Luke off on Tatooine and spent the next 20\-odd years watching over him, ruminating on past mistakes and learning new force powers. THAT'S FINE. He's hidden away and apparently only Bail Organa and Yoda know where he is and what he's doing. He has to keep a low profile because the fate of Galaxy rests in his hands (again). I can't really see any story/plot which could fill a movie without taking away from the original character of Obi\-Wan the hermit on Tatooine.
I hope they leave Yoda alone when it comes to the solo films. It's good to have some mystery to the characters. I really feel that prequel Yoda takes away from original Yoda in many ways.
........That's the entire point of that flashback, dude.
You can want to see it all day, thats cool. But not seeing something like that is not a valid criticism of the film in any way. I didnt have any problems using my own imagination. What I imagine happening will be different to you and that's just cinema. "The destruction of everything I hold dear" is pretty clear, as dar as I'm concerned.
I agree. When I watch the behind the scenes stuff from the prequels, I can't believe how much stuff was rendered when they could have just built a small set or a wall or something. A lot of it just looks jarring today because CGI doesn't age well. Tee clone troopers are still the biggest CGI fuck up though.
Dont absolve people from Africa of their own responsibility. Colonialism fucked up the continent massively but it can't be used as an excuse for every social ill. Corruption is a HUGE issue in sub-Saharan Africa in particular and it's generally not being done by or for Europeans.
But you are with Africa?
There was also slavery in Africa which had nothing to do with white people or the Arabs on the East Coast. Masaai have had slaves in the past and various tribes have had a habit of subjugating other tribes and enslaving them.
So it's okay to say that 'Africans are poor'? Have some consistency
They still stick out like a sore thumb though, I reckon. I really don't get the decision to do them all CGI. At least make a few 'hero' costumes so it doesn't look like Obi Wan is standing there talking to a PS4 cutscene.
? It was a joke, mate. Something a lot of people on here don't seem to be able to take at the moment.
Re: politics. The story of the prequels was how galactic politics was manipulated by Sidious so he could proclaim himself Emperor. That's why there's so much of that in the prequels (and in my opinion, they suffer greatly as a result). As with the originals, the focus of the new films is the characters and so all that ancilliary stuff is left out and is expanded upon in books, comics and video games. How order is maintained on various planets simply isn't important to the story. Tp be fair, that stuff wasn't in the prequels either though. If you want answers to your questions you can find them in books like 'Bloodline' which gives a lot of information on how the galaxy is working post\-ROTJ. The Resistance doesn't keep tabs on the entire galaxy. They are a small group who are concerned only with keeping tabs on the First Order because the New Republic doesn't take them as a serious threat. They are only a small force with a few capital ships, although they do have sympathetic allies here and there. What's wrong with Poe taking out the surface guns? There aren't that many of them to begin with. Luke milking an alien is not 'instead of' the things you list. It's a tiny scene which develops his character and gives you more information on how he lives on the island. Luke's character is absolutely more important than fan\-service or shoe\-horning in scenes for the sole reason of referencing the other films. I actually thought that part was great! It was pretty cleat in The Force Awakens that Finn wasn't a Jedi. You even say that 'for half of TFA', you could believe that he was, so I think it's unfair to make that a criticism of TLJ. You then really discredit yourself by banging the "It's that stupid feminism" drum. Finn's character development makes perfect sense to me so I can't really understand your issue with it.
He would have..... because he did. I think what you mean is 'I don't think he should have'. And 'retroactively destroys the original trilogy' is some top\-level hyperbole!!!! Also, if you think that the film didn't explain why Luke cut himself off from the force then you weren't paying attention.
You couldn't get that from the mounds of context?
&gt;How many did the Rebels have in the OT? Wasn't all that many, IIRC. Even if there were more, the point is they're being whittled down in numbers by the First Order. Also, the Rebellion is an active resistance against a big evil galactic empire. The Resistance are just the only people who take the First Order threat seriously.
Yeah, remember when there was that Black Lives Matter thing that everyone ignored? Or that NFL kneeling thing which everyone wrote off as not being a big deal? Also, sexual/gender inequality is as old, if not older than racial inequality. You look for the patterns you want to, it appears.
Oh boy, we've got another one!
Why doesn't everyone just use micro\-jumps all the time? Why did the Falcon fanny about shooting TIE's? Why didn't the Battle of Endor just consist of people micro\-jumping everywhere? Why did the Empire chase the Millenium Falcon instead of just micro\-jumping ahead of it? etc...
How the hell has anyone downvoted you for that? Jesus, the state of some people....
It's not a strawman at all. That is literally one of OP's arguments.
It's not though. You just think it is because it's your idea.
Awwww you sound sad :(
The Force Awakens leaked 2 weeks before it was released on Blu Ray. The Last Jedi was available digitally for 2 weeks before being released on physical media. There are always other factors in play and they don't always work the same way.
IT's a set of movies. Everything only happens because the writers want them to.
Maybe they could have done a couple of hyperspace jumps to get ahead of them, but are we sure they can make jumps like that with such accuracy? Also, once Hux has it explained to him that the Resistance will run out of fuel, he seems pretty happy to just let them squirm and merely delay the inevitable. As for hyperspace being weaponised: no. Holdo pulled that maneuver off because a few things lined up (the hyperspace exit point and the experimental shields, mainly).
What, you can't ask why Empire Strikes Back had a relatively short run in theatres?
Yeah, Han ENDED his hyperspace jump in a very precise fashion, but can you start and stop one in such a tiny space? I don't know.... As for the hyperspace thing: The Raddus was equipped with experimental shields which meant the damage it caused was amplified. The hyperspace coordinates that Poe entered when he took control of the bridge were also directly behind where the Supremacy was. The hyperspace computer would not have allowed that to happen, so Holdo was lucky. One thing to bear in mind though, is that if hyperspace weapons became a thing, then so would the defenses against them. This whole 'it broke Star Wars' thing is a gross exaggeration and comes across as rather disingenuous to me.
It just doesn't matter whether it's canon or not, surely? Why let what someone else says affect your own enjoyment of something? The EU was never canon anyway so what's the issue?
Cheers!
Despite the fact that there are so many other factors apart from the fact a small minority of fans have lost their shit over The Last Jedi?
I wish I still lived at home so I could go to this!
Oh man, maybe we need special cinema screenings with context subtitles for the oblivious.
I don't care how many YouTube videos there are from other people with questionable views on women.
There are plenty of people on here who love the Phantom Menace and the prequels in general and do defend them.
One simple reason: Which fans? Evidently, 'the fans' want different things. Do Lucasfilm need to give me what I want as a fan in his 30's who grew up with the originals, was disappointed with the prequels and who doesn't like the cartoons? Or do Lucasfilm need to focus on the fan who is 20, grew up with the prequels and loves The Clone Wars? 'The fans' is not a thing.
And Disney is making a lot of money.
Dude, I know plenty about Joseph Campbell and his influence on Star Wars. However, he and his ideas are not Star Wars.
He was highly rated but he just doesn't seem to have the mentality or the fitness levels. He always looked knackered after half an hour when playing for Everton. He's got the skills, for sure, but he is an incredibly frustrating player because doesn't seem to be able to apply himself properly.
The whole first hour was a mess, really.
Yet he pretty much did end up as the good guy.
Can you not just go a bit further and refuse to post on her in the future too? Cheers.
I'm glad you had fun but it was totally flat for me.
Hehe, I'm referring specifically to the Star Wars ones, Clone Wars and Rebels.
Well, it's a theme which has been a staple of science fiction since the word's inception in the 1920's. In fact, the Czech play in which the word was first used deals with a 'race' of artificual people and whether using them for work is exlploiting them. Go through major touchstones like Asimov's 'I, Robot' or Dick's, 'Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep' right through to last year's 'Blade Runner 2049' and you can see how common the theme is. So it's not something Solo has come up with in order to fit some agenda.
I don't know whether it's 'universally hated', but I'm not a big fan of how they were portrayed, really. It started out as a good idea but then just got too out of hand. The masochism, the the force\-immunity and the conscious planet and all that stuff just got too much.
Dude, people should not have to watch kids cartoons to understand what's going on in the movie.
Let's ask the director (no, not Krennic): &gt;“I don’t want to get too explicit, because I like people being able to have their own interpretations, but I think definitely the act of what he does at the end literally just takes everything out of him. That’s a huge thing. Also … he’s having his final act be something of myth\-making in a way.” So there we are. The effort does indeed drain him in the end and he accepts his fate like a champ in one of the most beautiful scenes in all of Star Wars.
Yes I have and both The Clone Wars and Rebels are very much kids cartoons. That doesn't mean people aren't allowed to like them but they are not complex or interesting to me at all. People die and bad things happen all the time in kids cartoons. Hell, Transformers: The Movie opens with the destruction of a whole planet, with us watching people dying all over the place and then moves on to our main hero dying. Naruto has blood in it and there is plenty of violence in children's cartoons aimed at 8\-12/13 year\-olds. Doesn't mean it's not for kids.
It's a minute at the end in which a character who fell down a bottomless pit after being cut in half makes a miraculous recovery. That's a bit jarring for anyone who hasn't kept up with the cartoons. I was watching the film with my Dad and he was confused and thought it was just silly. I bet that's the reaction of many people.
&gt;Although I’d argue that saying the fan service is poorly handled without giving explanations as to why instead of just what is weak, it’s an opinion. I feel you’re wrong, but oh well. I think we can agree they needed to have those moments. I said it's because it felt very clunky and pulled me out of the film. Those moments stuck out and never felt natural. When that Imperial Officer gave Han his surname and when Qi'Ra said she knew Teras Kasi, it felt like they might as well have paused the film, had the characters turn to camera and then wink at the audience. &gt;People need to get over needing this idea of tension and suspense in origin films. No they don't. If there are no stakes and no tension or drama in a scene then it serves no purpose other than to be bright, flashy and loud. &gt;Did anybody expect them to not get the plans? No, everybody knew exactly how it would pan out. But the characters were in constant danger and they all ended up getting killed and that wasn't a shoe\-in by any means. That's the difference. Everyone knows the plot is going to resolve in a certain way, but not what will happen to the characters. &gt;You need to look at origin stories less for these suspenseful “idk whats gonna happen next, it’s keeping me on my toes” plots and more for how they address the background of a character and how they came to be how they are. That's what a plodding book is for. A good film has suspense or at least something more than somebody giving you a list of information. The lack of suspense absolutely is to do with how the film is made. When do you ever feel like the characters are really in danger? It's all so sterile and feels like the entire film was just there to give some backstory to Han. That's not what a film should be about. There has to be something to care about and that sort of thing was very thin\-on\-the\-ground in Solo. Qi'ra's fate was all we had, really. I just think it's a shame that it felt so wafer\-thin and reliant on references and call\-backs.
There's plenty of that stuff, mate.
Exactly. Just sit back and smugly wait for the inevitable.
Who said it was important to the plot? And man, I really don't think Darth Maul was there to do much more than excite the fans who love his character. You're certainly not going to get many 60 year\-old men rushing out to watch cartoons so they can see how Darth Maul survived. Perhaps we will have Darth Maul in a future film, we'll have to wait and see. As it is though, I think it's very presumptuous to say it had nothing to do with fan\-service when his appearance was a cameo at the end of a film which was absolutely crammed with fan\-service. It wasn't a big planned\-out thing with an eye on the future either was it? It was a late addition by Ron Howard and Maul was never in the script. Here's a direct quote from Ron Howard where he basically says that it's fan\-service: &gt;"\[The script\] just sort of said 'Boss'. And I thought when I came in, I assumed they knew who it was and they were just keeping it under wraps. And they didn't. But Maul was listed as one of the candidates...." &gt; &gt;"I knew for a fact, without asking directly and giving anything away, my son Reed who just turned 31, who's a dedicated Star Wars fan, he's a golfer. He's not in the business. Dedicated Star Wars fan. I just whispered that possibility \[of having Maul at the end\] and he just thought that would be incredibly cool. And so for that generation, I thought, well that was gonna be a pretty interesting idea."
Which is what people think is so dumb about them. Just leave it alone! Space magic is fine.
He also wasn't trying to kill her. He was under orders from Snoke to take Rey to him.
Nnnnnnnope. Snoke is very dead.
I can also get on board with that!
Downvoted!?! Never mind, have my upvote!
That's not what they said at all.
Nope. We need some mystery left in our Star Wars. The more that gets explained, the less fun it is.
It doesn't matter if it's not canon. Not of it is real anyway.
I have to say that I'm with you. The fact that all we get is Anakin crying a bit, rushing to the temple and then joining the Sith in such a quick and weak fashion really disappoints me. One minute he's turning Palpatine in and then he's trying to stop Mace Windu from acting in an un\-Jedi\-like fashion, then he gets Mace killed so he can save Padme, and then Palpatine says he doesn't actually know how to save Padme, but he's sure they'll figure it out somehow so why not just go and kill some kids in the meantime? It's all so muddled. What would have been wrong with Anakin going to war, thinking that 'wars make one great', allowing his hatred and anger to boil to the surface to the point where without realising it, he's at odds with the Jedi?
What other examples of this 'classic storytelling strategy' can you think of?
That's not what happened. You're just throwing around tired phrases that mean nothing.
Oh, his future is VERY certain. He doesn't have one.
I find the fact he got killed by Obi\-Wan twice to be mega cheesy. He was a one\-dimensional bad guy in the Phantom Menace and he fulfilled his role perfectly by killing Qui Gonn, exposing the Sith and then dying. Building him back up to be this big important character who then hunts down Obi\-Wan as if they have any history together besides one fight just doesn't work for me. Just leave him dead.
But Obi Wan is there to maintain a low profile and watch over Luke until the time is right, not to get involved in crime disputes.
It doesn't seem to make much sense does it? I guess Palpatine did think he was going to be immortal, but then why bother having a contingency plan in the event of his death? The contingency makes it seem like he wanted the Sith to end along with the Jedi.
That could be one way of looking at it, but it still doesn't work for me. Obi Wan and Yoda went off in full acceptance that they are not going to be the ones 'making a difference'. They failed and now they have one last mission, which is to wait. Obi Wan putting that in jeopardy by going off on a mission somewhere else doesn't sit well, as far as I'm concerned. It is going to happen, I just hope they come up with a story that doesn't just shit on what came before.
Just don't give me Obi Wan rescuing young Luke or anything like that. I can understand people wanting to see Ewan as Obi Wan again but we have to put the story first. I've already seen plenty of people waxing lyrical about Solo but I've not heard anyone praise the story. It's all about the references. Let's not do that again with Obi Wan.
Well, that's kinda how I feel about the whole idea of an Obi Wan standalone. Just leave him alone. He accepted the Jedi were done, dropped Luke off and lived for 19 years as 'Ben' the hermit. Nobody called him Obi\-Wan, he didn't go on any adventures and he was only roused from his peaceful and quiet life when he found Luke and saw the message from Leia. What in the world is wrong with that and why the need to fuck it up with extra pointless shit (another reason I think the Rebels Maul vs. Obi Wan thing is a load of rubbish)?
Snoke's story was that he was Kylo Ren's cruel master. That continued and he ended up being usurped by the apprentice he taunted and manipulated once too often. Luke had a shit\-ton of development and was a central character in the story. Leia was unconscious for half of this film but still played a major role and was supposed to take her lead in Episode IX. You can disagree with the direction each character went in, but it's not fair to say that they were tossed aside.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BBhNkywMJY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BBhNkywMJY)
He was about to splat into the canon and die because he was blinded by his hatred of the First Order. He was ordered back by Poe but ignored him.
It's not on me to prove that someone didn't say something. Nowhere in that documentary was Rian Johnson saying how he was concerned about 'subverting expectations'. That's just a lazy line that's trotted out by bitter fans. Yes, the film was not what a lot of people expected, but Rian Johnson wrote The Last Jedi before The Force Awakens was released. He was writing the story he wanted, not trying to do the opposite of what the fans theorised. &gt;Yeah, I guess the first thing to say is coming into writing this or any story the object is not to subvert expectation, the object is not surprise. I think that would lead to some contrived places. The object is drama. And in this case, the object was figuring out a path for each one of these characters, where we challenge them and thus learn more about each of them by the end of the movie. That's RJ actively saying he did not set out to 'subvert expectations'. &gt;\[Kylo Ren has\] stepped into his own as kind of a quote\-unquote villain, but a complicated villain that you understand, right? So with that in mind, the idea that Kylo would get to that place by the end of it led me to think, well, then what is Snoke’s place at the end? And does that work with him just kneeling before Snoke at the end? No. If Kylo’s gotta get to a place of actual power the ultimate expression of that would be him ascending beyond his master. There's him talking about why Snoke died. Not to shit on expectations, but to provide drama and character development.
Finished a degree, finished a post\-grad, started a new career, switched career after 7 years, lived in 3 different countries, learned two languages... haha
Which makes you wonder why he didn't just use the force...
So far we have speculation that a character who is **definitely dead** will be revealed to be none other than.... another character who is definitely dead and has been for like 50 years at least.
There's no problem with him needing a surname, it's the way it was done. It was incredibly eye\-rolling and on\-the\-nose. The imperial officer may as well have turned to the camera and given the audience a big exaggerated wink and a tap on the nose.
&gt;I hope Rebels isn't like this Well, as long as you don't mind people using lightsabers as helicopter blades (because they have silly spinning lightsabers!!!), hyperspace whales, force-sensitive wolves, laser slingshots, a lightsaber that is also a blaster and a load of stuff that does nothing but fan-service and actually holds the story back (I'm looking at YOU Ahsoka and Maul) then you'll love it! I actually thought Rebels started out well. It was a bit of fun until they started feeling the need to tie it into the Clone Wars, then it lost its way and I got really bored of it.
The bomb which made $1.3 billion at the box office and was the year's most successful film?
1. Empire Strikes Back 2. Star Wars 3. Return of the Jedi 4. The Last Jedi 5. Rogue One\* 6. The Force Awakens\* 7. Revenge of the Sith 8. Solo 9. The Phantom Menace 10. Attack of the Clones \*These two change around depending on mood.
Who was predicting that? I do find it funny when people try and say that the top\-grossing film of the year was some kind of flop.
Dude, you can't just use predictions on websites as your benchmark for whether a film has performed well or not. Even then the searches I did using your terms don't give the same results you seem to have found. Either way, comicbook.com's prediction is not your yardstick for whether a film is successful or not (especially when so many websites just pinch each other's content).
I don't care what various websites predict! Read those articles and it's all just 'Film X made this much so we expect The Last Jedi will make Y'. It doesn't matter and nobody in the industry gives two shits. Studios have their own expectations and predictions without needing online 'journalists' and bloggers.
And bringing him was very silly, in my opinion. Snoke's dead body should have been a giveaway though. Especially after the two characters standing over his dead body talk about the fact that he's dead and we fet a close up of him looking very dead. The idea that Sidious was mistaken on thinking he'd killed Plagueis, only for hom to come back and get killed again (but not really) is just a little too out there for me!!!
Haha jeez.
If you choose to see things through the lens of ‘The Last Jedi’ ruined Star Wars then I’m sure it might look that way to you.
He's talking about Obi-Wan and then Leia. Obi-Wan is who he needs to contact, Leia is the person to contact him.
The story is that the Resistance were about to be defeated and then Luke Skywalker showed up and faced them all down. The Resistance got away and Luke disappeared. That's a badass story and the reappearance of the galaxy's most vaunted hero. Holdo said that the Resistance/Rebellion symbol was known across the galaxy and was a symbol of hope for downtrodden people everywhere, so it makes sense that the story of Luke would get out once the Resistance survivors had started telling people about it. There's definitely a time-jump before we see Broom Boy.
Yep, or she's had a chat with Leia at some point.
Ah, your opinion is fact, all others are bullshit. Well I’m glad you’re here to put everyone straight. I said that a lot of criticism seems to me as though her gender is a factor. The overuse and misuse of a term like ‘Mary Sue’ is one indicator. I didn’t say that all criticism of her character can be dismissed as sexism but let’s not pretend that her gender isn’t playing a role in plenty of the criticism we see. It doesn’t mean it’s all sexist garbage but we do have biases that lurk under the surface.
Well maybe have another look. If that’s all you see then you’re missing a lot.
Well that still seems to be ignoring a lot but that’s up to you.
He 'sits down' on a log too and his robes conform to the contours of the log.
Well perhaps that's your threshold after over-thinking it. I'd say most other people are fine with it.
Bloody hell dude! I just think the kids shows are full of stupid shit. I’m not saying people should watch them but jeez, you don’t half make some leaps there! You’re free to enjoy whatever crap you like, mate. Just don’t get all upset when someone else doesn’t like the shit you do.
Bullshit. "The originals don't need to do this because I like them. The prequels didn;t need to do the same because I like them too. But I don't like the new films, so they have to do this thing otherwise they're bad films." The argument seriously lacks in intellectual honesty.
Eeeeeeeeeeexactly. This is just not a thing. The idea that every new character you introduce in a sequel needs a long introduction and biography is just grasping at straws.
Why is Biff a bully? What happened in his life that makes him like that? I'm sorry, but the character makes absolutely no sense without a decent backstory and he is CENTRAL to the entire film. He is the one who moves the story forward and is connected to all of the main characters. But what do we know about him? Practially nothing. It's just lazy writing.
Are these same people crying over the fact we didn't get a backstory for Beckett in Solo? because I haven't seen anyone complaining about that.
Have you not been made aware of all the steadfast 'rules of storytelling' that people on here have been making up over the past few months? Basically, TLJ is objectively awful and bad storytelling because reasons. But if any of those reasons also happen to apply to any other Star Wars film then that doesn't matter because of the convoluted mental process by which those criticisms must only apply to The Last Jedi because - as we all should know by now - they only apply to the 8th film in a series. The fact that Rian Johnson somehow managed to ignore the magical Rule of Eight is just another example of how little he knows and how little he cares about Star Wars.
Great point.
It really is one of the weakest arguments you'll see on here. Did anyone ever say that the new trilogy is a direct carry-on from the story of the originals? Because I don't remember anyone saying that. It's just a weak way of trying to legitimise someone's opinion.
Kylo Ren has taken over and we will see the impact of that in the next film. Honestly.......
&gt;We don't know much about the First Order or Snoke so from a story telling stand point it is pointless to get rid of Snoke. This is where you show your ignorance. The story is not about Snoke. Kylo Ren is our main antagonist and he has just removed the largest obstacle in his path. Now he goes into the final installment as the head of the First Order and the galaxy's chief dark side force user. The fact you can't see that really makes me doubt how well you've thought through your other arguments. It just sounds like you wanted more Snoke, are bummed you didn't get that and are looking for external ways to justify your disappointment rather than just being intellectually honest.
What do you mean it's normally not done? What other examples are you drawing from? Again, it just looks like you're confused as to who the villain is here...
Me too. I think that a large group of current fans who grew up in the age of the internet and all this other media has simply lost sight of what made Star Wars so great for those of us who grew up with it as a three film series. Namely, that it's okay to use your imagination! Everything does not have to be served on a silver platter and spoon-fed to you.
Exactly. The fact that one movie doesn't give you as much information as an entire trilogy which only existed to give backstory is not a base for criticism. "Man, I read this book but it had loads of stuff in it that it didn't explain. But then I have this other book called the encyclopedia which explains like, everything! Why couldn't the first book be more like the second?"
This is exactly what's happening.
Split your lungs with blood and thunder!
Yep!
He was just having to accept that he's now lost everything. It's just him now. Rey closing the door on him hanmered that home. He's definitely in some deep thiught but I don't see any hint of redemption there.
&gt; So, a heroes journey? This comparison is silly and meaningless. I'm not making a comparison, just illustrating that you can reduce a story to whichever basic elements you want if you want to criticise it for being too similar or derivative to/of another. We don't see the build up of the First Order int he films, you're right. But we also are told that they are not in control, we see that they are attacking the Republic for the first time and that they are in the process of invading the Galaxy by the time The Last Jedi comes around. So saying that everything is just as it was before is incorrect. I appreciate vaguely where you're coming from but I really don't see an issue with a new group being inspired by the Empire.
Snoke isn't The Emperor. Saying so only works against your argument. He was the leader of a seperate group which is invading the galaxy. There's a difference there. Snoke died before he got the chance to be an Emperor. I also don't get where this idea came from that the universe would live happily ever after and there's no more dark side of the Force left onve the Emperor and Vader are dead. It's never explained in the films (prequels) how the Sith are around if they were defeated generations ago. It just so happens that they are and we can accept that. I really don't see a contradiction. Either way, I'm sure that period will have more explanation in the upcoming films, TV shows, books and comics.
Interesting! I though LOE was the best! Granted, it's basically a story about a chair, but I really enjoy it!
Its almost as if they're stories and not documentaries. I don't get the strange comments like 'that only happened because that's what the writer(s) wanted to happen. I mean, that's how stories work.
He doesn't need to explain that stuff though! There's no reason for him to do that other than to deliver exposition to the audience. Look at the difference betwen something like The Wire and 24. The Wire doesn't hold the audience's hand and gives them some respect, believing they can figure some things out from context. 24 on the other hand, constantly explains the plot to the audience in a way that feels very base and almost condescending. The Wire is one of the greatest TV shows of all time and 24 is dross.
The movie absolutely does tell us that. Poe states it very clearly and orders Finn to turn back because it's a suicide run.
Yeah, surely the best place for them was on a ship that was being pursued by the First Order! "Come with us, children!" "Yay! Are you going to take us to a lovely safe planet?" "No, we're actually flying directly to the flagship of the First Order. I'm sure you'll be fine though."
Good post.
You're missing the point which is that Finn wasn't going to stop the canon. His ship was falling apart and the thing qas ready to fire. The whole point is that Finn wasn't going to make it and would just wind up killing himself. But he wasn't listening because he kust wanted to lash out at the First Order.
That's what they all say!
Watch that scene again. Poe Dameron dtela Finn that it's useless, the canon is charged and he's just going to end up killing himself. You may have not got it but that doesnt mean it wasnt there.
Who doesn't see Kylo as being competent enough to lead the First Order? Snoke may have been the leader of the First Order, but he was not the First Order personified. He didnt found it like the Emperor founded the Empire. What reason do you see in the films for them to fall apart without Snoke?
Hey, there can be more than one person that doesn't get something. That's fine. It doesnt mean the thing you missed doesn't exist.
Huh? He did change it. Your point is lost on me, sorry.
That's just a description of what we see happen in that scene. Thats different from his character being expanded upon. Basically, thw Emperor thinks he's going to win as he's so powerful. That's really it.
She didnt beat him though. She managed to get a hit on him but Kylo wasn't trying to kill her. The fight is ended prematurely by the planet blowing up. She is definitely more stable than he is but that's not her being more powerful than Kylo. His instability is part of what makes him so dangerous. When we are inteoduced to Kylo Ren we see his menace without his tantrums or any of rhat stuff. Same when he's on Takodana.
Dude, dont try that tactic of 'my view is logical and therefore correct'. I disagree with the 'bad world-building' argument. I find it extremely weak. The fact that you would make that Nazi comparisson shows a fundamental misunderstanding of the story, in my opinion.
Dude, Palpatine is so arrogant that he gives the Rebels the actual plans to the Death Star and basically invites them along for a fight because he is so sure that he's going to win. He then invites Luke into his throne room and dismisses his guards because he is so sure that he comes out of that situation with a new apprentice or the elimination of the only real threat to his dominance. All we get is that the Emperor is arrogant and sure of himself. That's what we get with snoke too. Palpatine thinking he can turn Luke isn't an aspect of his character though.
She could have easily killed him? Are you aure about that? It's definitely an opinion. We don't know what would have happened if that fight had conitued so it's pure conjecture on your part, however strongly you believe it. If Kylo was trying to kill Rey in that fight then I'm sure he could have. Kylo's instability is definitely a weakness but I dont think it makes him weak. I also don't think it makes him any less menacing to the characters in the film.
Er....no, we didn't.
They can be, yeah. And so are scenes where characters explain things that ither characters either already know or don't care about.
I've said it before but i reject the idea that these new films need to be judged on an entirely new set of criteria. Characters are characters. Exposition is another thing. Snoke's character is clear. His history is not but that's not as important to the story which is unfolding as his character is.
Exactly. And it's the same with Kylo Ren. He's not 'General Kylo Ren' or 'Deputy Leader Kylo Ren', he's just Kylo Ren.
I just don't think she's that much of a killer up to that point. She shoots a stormtrooper but im not sure she's up to killing Kylo Ren as je's lying there. Does Rey have a protective force aura? Is that canon anywhere?
That's cool man but I grew up with my two favourite bad guys being bad guys just because they were bad. Darth Vader was that, as was The Emperor.
Ah, I wasn’t trying to say that the Emperor was bullying Vader, just that he thinks Vader is unquestionably loyal just as Snoke thinks Kylo is. Snoke thinks he can bully Kylo with no repercussions and Palpatine thinks he can get Vader to kill his own son if he orders him to.
:(
How do you think the Emperor’s motivation for being a bad guy changes? Actually, same with Vader. Vader definitely goes through changes in his motivation thanks to Luke, but I don’t see any explanation of why he’s a bad guy further than Yoda saying the dark side is a quicker route to power (something which the prequels did away with) and Vader himself saying he has to over the Emperor, but never saying why.
Dude, I don’t think we’re on the same wavelength here at all. Vader saying “I have to obey my master” still doesn’t tell you why he’s a bad guy. “I’m bad because I have to be for some reason” is not adding much. Especially when it is never explained why he has to obey Palpatine. And that still doesn’t help explain why the Emperor is evil. It’s just the same as the issue you have with Snoke. Snoke is a bad guy because he is a bad guy. The Emperor is a bad guy because he’s a bad guy. Vader is a bad guy because he’s a bad guy, until the prequels where we find out he’s a bad guy because he was an idiot who was easily manipulated.
Well, the First Order.....
Yeah, you know what, she definitely did beat him. The more I think about it, the more I agree. There are definitely extenuating circumstances but she comes out of that duel in top and Snoke chastises Kylo for it too. Like he says, his spirit was split, he was a mess and was bested by a girl who never held a lightsaber before. I’m still not sure about any extra force powers though. Really I think it’s just a bit of a quirk of Star Wars that people forget to use force powers in combat. Anakin and Obi Wan actively try and use the force on each other at one point in ROTS but don’t try it again. But then Obi Wan seems to forget about the force when he’s fighting Grievous. I can see it could make things fall apart for some but then maybe we just say that saver combat takes up so much concentration that using different force powers at the same time is very difficult. Good chat anyway!
Bit of a weird way to look at it, I say! How many innocent people were blown up on the two Death Stars? Running on the back of the Fathiers isn’t exactly a sociopathic choice but yeah, some people may have been injured who weren’t actively trying to stop them. Not really an issue as far as I’m concerned.
Well why can’t Snoke want to preserve his First Order and have them be the dominant power, which is why he wants to wipe out the Resistance and the Republic? That makes just as much sense. As for Snoke’s scenes, you can see where he is being manipulative or where he wants to find out about Rey or when he may be feeling threatened.
It’s not back to where they started, it’s a different situation. Until people can see that, these conversations will continue to go round and round.
I think it’s fine that he didn’t have anything to do with the stories we have already been told. The galaxy is a big place. On worlds like Jakku there are still people who think the Jedi and all that are myths. Snoke was around when there were lots of force users being picked up as kids and trained as Jedi. Snoke could just have slipped through the net and gone on his own path. If you look at him, he’s all disfigured so it looks like he has had some encounters in his time and I’m looking forward to finding out more about that. I think there are some great stories to come about Snoke and that they will add a lot to the lore. But that is not the story of these films. It took 25 years from Star Wars for the background for the originals to be given. We’re lucky we’ll get more info in a year or two. It’s clear that there is a demand for more Snoke so I can’t imagine Lucasfilm won’t give us some great stories in comic or book format. It’s only really in those formats that they can really go into the detail necessary. There are so many questions I see here about Snoke and most of them are totally valid but there’s no way all of them could be put into a film where he isn’t the main character, so there will always be disappointed people. I think some of this might also be because of the stylistic differences between the prequels and tv shows and these new films. Those films are exposition heavy and at telling a story which is there to explain how we got to an endpoint so they are of course full of information. The story wasn’t a surprise to anyone. If we didn’t know that Palpatine was going to become Emperor and wipe out the Jedi whilst turning Anakin Skywalker (who would lose the fight with Obi Wan) then the films would have been very different. The prequels focused a lot more on how things happened rather than the characters. The new films are back to being focused on the characters and a new story and as such there isn’t so much flesh in out of everything. And that obviously rankles with a lot of people.
I highly doubt she’s going to die. Of course. But we know Indiana Jones isn’t going to die and that doesn’t make those films any less enjoyable.
I think it’s a good move really. Both Rogue One and Solo had troubled productions. Rogue One had the benefit of being a big event as a new kind of Star Wars film but buzz for Solo was very low and the film has just faded away like any other standard summer blockbuster. I enjoyed a Rogue One and thought Solo was fine but the idea of a couple of Kenobi and Boba Fett films didn’t fill me with any sense of excitement. It just felt like properties for which they were trying to find a story. I’m much more excited for Rian Johnson’s new trilogy and the D&amp;D films. I think it’s best to stick to big epic films and stories for the time being and leave the ‘nitty gritty’ to a TV show.
So the originals had the Republic being invaded did it?
Good!
"We don't need intuiion!" *pulls stat out of ass
Pole sana dude, three movies incoming! I'm actually really excited for them. Hopefully you will be too when more info comes out.
I suppose it all depends on what you're after really. Do you want a full day-by-day breakdown of everything that happens in the timeline or are you cool with using your imagination to fill in some of those blanks?
Decent summary. I also think it seems well made but it's just not for me. All a bit too cartoony for me. People keep recommending episodes that are just fine but then when I carry on watching I just get bored. The same happened with Rebels. I watched the first two seasons but then just got bored of it and stopped watching.
Here, here.
It's not about her 'strength', it's about her attitude. Rey is doing everything she can to save her friends. She is their only hope. Luke is unsure of himself and looks for excuses for why things are too hard and he fails as a result.
Yep. Kinda like how this sub is all-of-a-sudden full of experts on screenwriting. Having an opinion is great. It just gets annoying when people try and bolster their opinion or have it appear 'objectively true' based on nothing but stuff they've seen other people write. "Sequels have to follow a set of rules..." "Lazy writing..." "World Building..." "Subverting expectations..." Ugh, it's so boring.
Dude, they haven't wasted any money. Come on and get your head of of... wherever it is right now. I can look at Solo all I want without coming to ridiculous conclusions.
Read everything in those posts. It's CLEAR what she's saying. i.e. Just because you pay money for stuff with Star Wars on it, doesn't mean you are entitled to anything. And that is true.
Your point is that you somehow think you know all of Disney/LFL's sales predictions and are qualified enough to say why that is.
"Well, that's just.. like.. your opinion, man."
Microtransactions question?
Incredible...
They can go out of business if they fuck up, sure. But just because you don't like a product, doesn't mean it's defective and that your criticisms need to be taken on board.
Good looking but have the kind of metabolism that means I'll put on 10lbs if I look at a cheeseburger.
&gt;I agree Solo had many reasons to bomb, but to say that TLJ is entirely unrelated is being intellectually dishonest. Good job I haven't said that then! If one person doesn't go and see Solo because they hated The Last Jedi that much (weird), then it is not 'entirely unrelated'. However, it's not very significant. &gt;The general audiences think SW is medicore and don't want to see it more than once and a while. I count myself as a lifelong fan, but I boycotted it because TLJ and Disney are doing such a ho hum job. You are pulling that 'general audience' thing out of your ass. It's not great to make unsubstantiated generalisations like that. And if you boycotted Solo because you didn't like The Last Jedi then you have behaved in quite a ridiculous manner. &gt;Even if there isn't a conscious boycott like some fans like me, the failure to live up to brand quality is creeping up on them. The Force Awakens and The Last Jedi were well-received and made billions. One film has done poorly and the reasons are well understood. It's all a bit silly and hubristic, this 'The Last Jedi and Disney killed Star Wars stuff'.
Ah, so it's okay for other stuff to make things up, just not the new films because they have to adhere to all of these magic new rules people keep inventing? Gotcha.
Please stop with this false narrative about Lucasfilm shitting on everyone. It's tedious, dishonest and just makes you look like you have a fragile ego and a victim complex.
It's really just because George Lucas wanted to have the two fights and edit them together. That would be the actual reason. Logic doesn't have much to do with it. Anakin is just chilling on Mustafar waiting for something to do. Yoda and Obi-Wan totally could have faced Palpatine together. What was the rush? But hey, those films are full of that stuff :)
Well, if you really want to show somebody the best of Star Wars then you just have to start with the original trilogy. I'd actually go with the originals first, followed by the sequels and rogue one, maybe Solo and then the prequels.
I think it suits the film. I don't think Luke's solitude would have worked quite so wekl if he was on a lush tropical island. Same thing with Crait. The situation is bleak and dire and the landscape and colour palette reflects that.
That's cool and all but the trailer wasnt saying any of that stuff so the disappointment is all on you and not the film.
Either they try and do something or they just sit and wait to die.
This!!!! Jesus, its tedious. We have people saying that the Praetorian guard battle is the worst because if you SLOW IT DOWN, there are opportunities for the guards to strike that they don't take. How boring do you have to be to be actively searching for reasons to dislike something more than you already do?
Yes, much more so.
Yeah, you see you don't speak for everyone. Again, if you go into a cinema thinking you know what's going to happen and then youre disappointed that that doesnt happen, that's on you. The whole sequence does what it is supposed to do and the trailer didn't show the speeders kicking ass. What you wanted doesn't really matter.
Saying 'its goos storytelling' isnt saying anything. You just don't like it. I thought The Last Jedi was a great story, very well told. Making up rules and claiming that they are the basis of good storytelling is just daft. You must have really hated Harry Potter, anyway. Also, Jedi and superheroes arent really a good comparisson. Jedi learn dofferent abilities whilst superheroes are generally given a certain set.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha Oh dear
Well, they thought they could do something to hold them off. When it became clear that wasn't going to be the case, the attack was called off by Poe Dameron and they retreated back to the base.
Hey, me too. Just not hyperspace-whale levels :)
I mostly agree with you. I just think that Solo isn't \*that\* bad. Yep, it's unadulterated fan-service, yep, it relies on far too many references and call-backs to make up for a real lack of anything meaningful happening and yep, it was stupidly dark. But it wasn't \*terrible\*. The Last Jedi is FAR superior though.
It's pitiable stuff. I actually pity those people and anyone who gives them money. As the front page of Reddit so often tells us: there are people you can talk to, okay guys?
&gt;Luke force projecting is the Deus Ex Machina That's not how it works, dude. The reveal that Luke is a projection is not an example of Deus ex Machina. Luke showing up completely unheralded having not been in the movie, or Lando coming out of nowhere with a big weapon that wipes out the First Order's army would be Deus ex Machina. Luke's return is set up. The ability to project or see others in real time is set up. The fact that use of that power could be fatal was set up. &gt;Fought off a power that Vader *couldn't do*.. the mind probe.. Vader used droids for interrogation. Vader read Luke's mind in Return of the Jedi. &gt;Yet he needs to communicate via hologram.... ok. How is this even a point? Vader communicated through the force to Luke. Luke did it with Leia. Vader also used holograms to communicate with everyone else. &gt;if it were a known power then Kylo would have known that *somebody* was doing it and simple logic would have meant that it was either Snoke or Luke. "You are not doing this, the effort would kill you.... Can you see my surroundings?... I can't see yours. Just you. So no. This is something else." - Kylo Ren, during his first connection with Rey. Kylo could easily have just thought that there was some mysterious force stuff going on. It didn't have to be Luke or Snoke. &gt;Out of canon lore, and there is nothing there about projecting it halfway across the galaxy into a location you have no way of knowing. There is now. The rest of your post is just far too insincere and rambling to even bother engaging with.
And what is that size? Again, the film did well and was well reviewed and received. It's only online that there's any sort of real discontent. Also, 'not liking' a film is different to actively campaigning against it and demanding things are done different from now on. My Dad didn't really like The Last Jedi. I loved it. It just didn't feel right to him and felt like the exact Star Wars film I needed. And that's it. I sat next to him as we watched Solo and we both just sort of shrugged as we came out of the film. No proclaiming that it's all gone wrong and that Star Wars is doomed and Kathleen Kennedy and Rian Johnson actively hate the fans and do all they can to disrespect them and blah blah blah. I just don't understand why people can't just not like a film and then move on with their lives. It's ONE FILM. Fine, you don't like it. But guess what? There's another Star Wars film coming out in 5 months! But instead, loads of these people sulked and pouted and said they weren't going to go and watch a Star Wars film now because they saw a film they didn't like. If they are the 'fans' who think they should be listened to, then I would rather they just left Star Wars fandom altogether and left the sane people to get on with things.
&gt;The industry was also projecting an opening weekend of over $170 million, and much bigger numbers over the life of it at the box office. Yeah, those Solo prediction from the likes of Slashfilm, The Hollywood Reporter, Collider and Box Office Pro proved to be wrong. There was all that stuff about it outdoing Black Panther in pre-sales and then.... the audience didn't come out for it. The predictions were wrong. &gt;There is more to it than release date and marketing because they would've known about those things prior to the release of the numbers. Who is 'they'? Lucasfilm? Well, it appears they did. People like Kathleen Kennedy aren't stupid. It's been widely reported that Lucasfilm wanted to move the Solo release date back because they knew it would be trouble releasing the film at that time. Disney refused and the film under-performed. So why is there so much 'more to it' than the reasons that people at Disney and people who analyse the industry have come up with? Why are those reasons not good enough for you? I propose that it's because you don't like The Last Jedi. &gt;Compare TLJ to the TFA. It did big numbers, but not to Star Wars standards. Shall we? That sounds like a good idea! So let's look at the Star Wars films and their worldwide grosses (source: Box Office Mojo, all grosses rounded down to the nearest 100k): 1 **Star Wars: The Force Awakens** $2,068,200,000 2 **Star Wars: The Last Jedi** $1,332,500,000 3 **Rogue One: A Star Wars Story** $1,056,100,000 4 **Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace** $983,600,000 5 **Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith** $848,800,000 6 **Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones** $640,900,000 7 **Star Wars** $621,700,000 8 **The Empire Strikes Back** $457,300,000 9 **Return of the Jedi** $418,400,000 10 **Solo: A Star Wars Story** $354,200,000 Looks as though The Last Jedi did just fine 'by Star Wars standards', as long as second overall highest gross is still ok? But then how about if we adjust the grosses for inflation to level the playing field a bit? (Source: Box Office Mojo. USA gross only) 1 **Star Wars** $1,307,443,600 2 **Star Wars: The Force Awakens** $990,334,300 **Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace** $777,004,400 4 **Return of the Jedi** $741,807,800 5 **The Empire Strikes Back** $722,378,100 6 **Star Wars: The Last Jedi** $619,169,000 7 **Rogue One: A Star Wars Story** $553,645,200 8 **Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith** $543,413,200 9 **Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones** $476,432,300 10 **Star Wars (Special Edition)** $275,913,300 Well, it's smack-bang in the middle there in terms of domestic gross, which again doesn't seem like it's failing to adhere to 'Star Wars standards'. In fact, you can see how first film in each trilogy performs so much better than the other films. Empire Strikes Back made HALF of what Star Wars did when inflation is taken into account. I don't know how many people rant about that being a disappointment. I only put all this out there because I can see false narratives out there. People are saying things and repeating things that they don't know to be true and it's not helping anybody. &gt;It's not what they are rallying against. People just want quality writing and plot. Well, the critics thought the writing and plot were great. The audience came out in their droves to see it and to own a copy at home. I personally loved the films we've had so far (apart from Solo) and am happy for more. I'm sorry you don't like the new stuff.
&gt;Connecting minds was set up as fatal.. not force projecting, talk about being insincere.. You didn't see the set-up there? &gt;Ok, sure.. Rey still reversed it, without *any* prior knowledge. Good for her! She felt something happening in her mind and she pushed back against it. She is strong in the force and that strength is blossoming. &gt;Yeah, from close proximity.. not from across the galaxy.. Snoke needed the hologram to talk to Kylo in TFA. Because people communicate with holograms in Star Wars! Don't be so obtuse. Why does the fact that Snoke uses a hologram mean that he can't communicate in other ways? Why would he bother doing something that takes effort when he can just talk to everybody using holograms? &gt;Hand wavy to the extreme. Occam's razor isn't hand-waving. And if it was hand-wavy, then that's fine because the original premise is silly. You just said "It's obviously either Snoke or Luke doing it", when it's not obvious at all. It's not obvious to Kylo Ren, who has been trained as a Jedi and a dark Jedi, so I'd say your assumption is wrong. &gt;Meaning you've exhausted your mental ability.. makes sense.. animal taming powers.. jeeez.. that's embarrassing... I've just learned my lesson about arguing against nonsense. Have a victory party if you want mate. I just honestly think you've written a load of rubbish and I'm not going to waste my time addressing the rest of that stuff.
&gt;You literally don't understand.. the force projecting was the deus ex machina.. the death was the cop out.. yeah, the death was set up, because they wanted to get rid of Luke. Dude, stop using terms you don't appear to understand. What do you mean by Luke's death being cop out though? &gt;Goes to show that you don't care about good character development.. Oh, I care. I just don't care for your interpretation of 'good character development'. You think she's overpowered and that's ridiculous. I see her fighting against someone probing her mind and surprising them with her resilience (a trait she is established to possess). &gt;It didn't have to be like this, she could have had to overcome some adversity before besting a guy who has 30 years of training on her. Kylo Ren is chastised for his weakness and Snoke sees that Rey is the rising light he has sensed. Rey's special, that's established. Luke says he hasn't sensed such raw power since Ben Solo. Decent endorsement. &gt;Do you even know what Occam's razor is? Simplest explanation... Snoke is doing it.. Is that what you thought when you were watching the film for the first time? Fair play to you. &gt;that you think that the force is doing it randomly and can do whatever whenever is more plausible just goes to show how deep in it you are. It's a consideration of what the characters may be feeling based on what they say and do in the film. &gt;That Kylo doesn't see it shows that the Force, what it does has no meaning anymore, because you can attribute anything to it. I'm not sure how you made that leap, to be honest. You're using phrases you don't understand again though. &gt;the checkmate was the stupidity that is Force projecting and the implications to force use.. You don't even want to touch it.. you'd probably just say it's the force working in "mysterious ways".. You probably think that Finn and Rose have great animal taming force abilities as well.. This barely makes any sense, but enjoy your party!
Yeah, these are the exact opinions I hear from children on a regular basis... /s
Dead for me! I think he fits in nicely with a tradition of Star Wars villains dying juuust when they think they have everything exactly how they want them: Darth Maul Jango Fett Dooku Grievous Tarkin Jabba Boba Fett Palpatine Snoke
It was made in jest but also exactly in the same vain as your post. I love Star Wars because I love the characters and the stories. That's what drew me into the films in the first place, along with the space battles and special effects. The new films have given me characters I enjoy and a story I'm really enjoying. If you sit and watch a film worrying about battle tactics or whatever then I think you're missing the point. But that's me and there are plenty of people who like different aspects of the films.
Disagree with all of that.
Nope. Lucasfilm was VERY free with the behind the scenes videos and stuff during the buildup to the second two prequel films. Jango Fett was named well in advance of the film's release.
It's really not far-fetched at all. I think it's a fascinating place to take the character. It's frustrating seeing this element being so misrepresented though. By the way so many haters talk about it, you'd think Kylo's interpretation was true and he narrowly escaped Luke murdering him. But, as we can see from the film, Luke almost succumbed to a fleeting thought before coming to his senses. I don't buy this idea that Luke ends Return of the Jedi as some kind of perfect being who never has frustrations, is never drawn to negative emotions or actions and who would react to envisioning the destruction of everything he and his friends had fought and died for with nothing but cool calmness.
It absolutely is enough. If Luke Skywalker says that what he saw was enough, then you should accept that. You don't need the director to give you a cut-away and some quick cuts of burning buildings and whatever. Just look at Luke's face. He's horrified.
I think your judgement might just be a little clouded by your dislike for The Last Jedi, there!
Dude, all you have done with this post is show how poorly you have managed to follow the film. Not that the film was hard to follow, just that you have failed miserably at understanding a pretty simple film. Everything you have criticised is explored in the movie. You really are in no position to try and criticise the storytelling or writing when you have shown such a clear lack of understanding.
They pretty much are standalone and not continuations of the old story. That story DID finish with Return of the Jedi. This is a new story set in the same universe and with some of the same characters.
Dude, i wouldn't be conparing yourself to a dog! Not the best rhetorical tactic! See, i don't see where anyone had all this teasing about Snoke or Rey's parents for two years. Snoke was only in TFA a little bit and Rey had a conversation with Maz where Maz told her her parents weren't coming back and she had to stand on her own. It definitely feels to me as though people ran with things thinking they were going to be inportant and are now disapointed that they're not.
I assumed that would be the case anyway :)
Well, spying on him and seeing the most horiffic thing you could imagine.
Whilst I totally get your point, I do think that the three trilogies are relatively separate anyway. Episodes 1-3 are one story, 4-6 are another and now 7-9 are yet another. The prequels are the story of the fall of the Jedi and the rise of the Empire along with the fall of Anakin Skywalker. The originals are the story of the Rebel Allianca and the fall of the Empire along with the rise of Luke Skywalker. The sequels are the new story of the generation that came after. Episodes 1-6 really aren't one story, no matter what George Lucas might say. They are not this grand story about Anakin Skywalker/Darth Vader. At least, the originals aren't and weren't made that way at all. The prequels might try and retcon them, but the story just isn't there. Vader is just the bad guy until half way through Return of the Jedi.
The Daily Wire is a shitty conservative site.
Fuck off, that's my one!!!! Damn, can't even get my birthday...
Absolutely. I'm not American and I don't watch American news but from what I have seen, it's partisan garbage. And, y'know, be partisan, but be honest.
So true. The Legends EU basically said that 90&amp;#37; of all characters were useless and most problems had to be solved by Luke going off on his own mission whilst Han and Leia go off in the Millennium Falcon.
He's totally right, too. I'd love to see the haters try the same tactics with other types of art. "Ugh, I love your pantings, normally, but this one is just awful. It has the wrong composition and you need to have some more blue over in the bottom left corner" "But this is my painting and I don't want blue in that corner and this is the composition I wanted to paint" "GAWD! You are SO rude and arrogant. Why would you antagonise people like me? You are NOTHING without people like me to buy your art so you'd better paint exactly what I want!"
He's not saying his movie is perfect but that he stands by his story choices.
I'm with you.
Screw this shit, man. The pseudo-intellectual bullshit on here at the moment is intolerable. There are all these people who have missed GLARING plot points or seem to have been asleep and missed half the movie who are sitting at their computers declaring the film to be terrible based on their own lack of comprehension or - quite frankly - stupidity.
It's just doesn't matter, more to the point. You don't set out to make movies for nerds who bring up examples from comic books of why that element of your story might not fit in with their precious rules.
Probably my favourite part of the EU too. I was never much of a fan of EU Luke as he was actually pretty boring and spent most of his time just meeting people who told him kooky stuff about the Force. Then you get Mara Jade and the whole thing just gets even worse...
How long before there's a Huffington Post article criticising this as being racist?
I'd rather just have a conclusion to the story of Episodes 7 amd 8. Snoke, the Knights of Ren and Rey's parents aren't the main threads of the story and Episode 8 isn't the resolution of the main story by any stretch of the imagination.
I'm not sure how they could fit the EU in with the new stuff seeing as they go in different directions. Nothing was thrown out though. It was never proper canon anyway. The books and comics are still there to be read and enjoyed :)
Someone should give this person a job at Lucasfilm!
Its okay, the Clone Wars came along and saved everything with farting Hutts and Robomaul
The Ewoks aren't conducting guerilla warfare though, they have a straight up battle with what Palpatine describes as a garisson of his finest troops and they win becausr Stormtrooper armour is no match for sticks and rocks. And I don't mind that at all and I dont think most other people on here do either. So i dont understand the hypocrisy.
And the Vietcong didn't just come out all at once and beat the Americans in one battle.
Grievous wasn't an EU creation. He was introduced in Clone Wars but only as a teaser to his appaearance in Revenge of the Sith. Trust me, that was a HUGE moment! Coruscant is Timothy Zahn though, right? But taking a name from a book isn't the same as the EU being canon. It never was and George Lucas was very clear about that. The EU was on like, the third tier of canon.
When did Lucasfilm say people who didnt like The Last Jedi were manbabies?
I agree with you, mainly. I generally prefer the prequel-era EU and the pre-prequel stuff. It seems a lot more consistent and less silly than the post-ROTJ stuff. I mean, in the old EU, the first thing that happened was that the Galaxy was invaded by big space crocodiles who were stealing people's souls to put into starfighters....
It's a good question. If Plagueis did it then how come Palpatine killed him?
Luke didn't leave a map to himself. That's what I'm talking about. A map existed which showed the location of the Jedi Temple that Luke was looking for because Lor San Tekka helped him find it. Luke did not say "I'm going into hiding but this is where I will be"
Kids want videogames really. It's crazy but digital toys are taking over BIG TIME. I think its a big shame because playing with toys generally involves more imagination.
Damn, you beat me to it!
Where are these numbers then? Where is the comparisson between what Disney wanted or expected and what the film made? You say the film failed because you thought it was bad. That's certainly not the critical consensus, is it? That's your opinion. Not exclusively yours, of course. I think it was a great movie. What makes your opinion more valid than mine?
I think the time jump between TPM and AOTC was uneccesary. I think they could have just had Anakin as a teenager and that would have allowed a lot more development.
I am wearing that exact shirt today!!!!
I appreciate the level of detail you went into in your post but I'm also on mobile and replying to that would be a nightmare! Bear with me... Edit: i was replying to the idea that none of the characters have a story arc or any development. That's clearly not true and The Last Jedi is a film which focuses in character development rather than the lore or the grander story - and that has annoyed alot of fans - so to say this just tells me that the person making such comments is misinformed or has misunderstood what is happening in the film.
Oh no, you didn't just sau your opinion is more valid than mine because you have a degree (or several, apparently) in film, did you? I jave a music degree. Does that mean I can come around to your house and tell you that your music taste is wrong? I don't think it does. I am also something of a film buff and appreciate the art of cinema. I have helped a friend of mine edit feature films which have actually been released. However, I wouldnt then presume to be able to tell people their opinions are wrong. You may have a degree (or more) in film but does that mean your opinion trumps people who have made several movies and produced some of the best and biggest movies of the last 30 years? Because Kathleen Kennedy liked the film and I would venture to guess that she knows more about making films than either of us. Same for Rian Johnson who has written and directed several of his own films. So if you want to go down that road then you lost, right? You saying The Last Jedi is a fanfic is your opinion, however informed you think it is. I have a friend who collects neon signs whereas I like [mainly late] Renaissance art. However, i don't tell her that her Budweiser signs are useless because I prefer Titian.
Hehehe :) I've just finished seeing a girl who was writing for HuffPost. Fortunately she was sane.
So who were Yoda's parents?
Well there was like, one dude in the whole galaxy who even knew where he \*might\* be. He did a pretty good job of hiding for a while there...
All good! I just find it so strange that people would be so serious about painting Rian Johnson as some kind of bad guy. Just look at him in the documentaries or interviews. The guy is a nerd. And he's a Star Wars nerd. He absolutely loves it and however much you may dislike The Last Jedi, it was obviously made with the utmost sincerity and the best intentions. This narrative that Rian Johnson set out to spoil anyone's party by 'subverting their expectations' and intentionally shitting on them needs to stop. The Last Jedi was a bold film to make but it was made with passion and sincerity. I love the idea of everybody being challenged, just as they were in Empire Strikes Back (my favourite ever film) and, like it or not, that includes Luke Skywalker. What would be the hardest thing for Luke to overcome? Well, what we got in the film. Anyway...
The videi games are atrocious! But i think that's more of an issue of supply rather than demand.
Do these people sit watching Jackie Chan films, saying, "Well that would never happen!"? Because that's how it sounds.
So hyperbolic!
It also out-grossed Revenge of the Sith. Remember when Revenge of the Sith killed Star Warts? Me neither.
Maybe because it was just a little joke?
It was never going to either of those anyway. She's just a scavenger from a desert planet. What's wrong with that?
Well Finn doesn't have one because he never had a name anyway and Rey is an orphan and doesn't have one. Done.
Once he's given the explanation he gets a smug grin on his face and is just like, "fine, it's just a matter of time".
ABSOLUTELY! Gap-filling is just boring. It felt like throughout the prequels we were just waiting for the inevitable Anakin vs. Obi-Wan fight, the birth of Vader and the rise of the Empire. Everything leading up to it was just filler. I feel the same with the idea of these spin-off films. Do we really need to just go through checklists of different character traits so we can show their origins in increasingly redundant films? No thanks.
You misunderstand. The idea is that you are looking at things from an in-universe perspective and therefore can't use 'technical limitations' to explain why the Empire acted in a certain way.
They weren't going to launch any. Kylo Ren took his fighter and wingmen out because he was angry after being belittled by Snoke again. His wingmen all got killed.
How to make the prequels worse? Set them to U2!
Hey, it's just a personal preference.
Remember when we saw all those microjumps in the films before? Oh, you don't? The argument here is that basically we can have no chase scenes in Star Wars. And if we want to apply this nitpick logic to the other films then we'll find just as many, if not more 'problems' but they are always brushed away. The first thing we see in Star Wars is an escaping ship BEING CHASED. No micro jumps or any of that nonsense. But the Star Destroyer does use a tractor beam to capture the Tantive IV from a distance. We see the Death Star do the same. But apparently they can't do that any more after that point and ships like The Falcon constantly evade the Empire. So where are the screaming fanboys complaining about that?
Exactly. They can be his lieutenants.
Yep. People act like they forget The Dark Side angle and make it all about saving Vader.
I don't think anyone should be worried. I don't think the mask takes away from any Bendemption or Reylo interpretations. In fact, it would really make sense for him to be wearing it in a time of war. It adds to his level of intimidation (which I imagine he will have to rely on a lot to keep the FO in line), it is a symbol of the Kylo Ren character he has built for himself and (fingers crossed) I imagine it's a big part of his Knights of Ren getup. He'll take it off when it's time for character stuff though, I'm sure.
That's really not the problem with this scene. It's the fact we have to get another instance of something completely unnecessary been shoe-horned onto the screen. Like, seriously? You have to explain 'Chewie' now?
Today this is known as "The Death Star only has a trench so they can have some cool shots. Lazy writing."
Probably, but I don't know if they really care? I'm sure there's an argument to be made that they were just using those politicians in order to buy time and breathing room before their all-out invasion of the galaxy. Like, once Starkiller Base is finished, they don't need sympathetic senators any more.
You know what? I don't really care that much any more. As people have said, there are plenty of explanations available. But really, if you simply don't like the film or the concept, then none of them are going to satisfy you. I mean, every battle could have been sorted out if the Empire just sent swarms of TIEs. There is no reason not to swarm the Rebels at the Battle of Yavin. They could have outnumbered the X-Wings 100-1 if they wanted. Why not send a couple of TIE squadrons down to Hoth and just overwhelm the Rebels? Why not have squadrons of TIEs in orbit to intercept any escaping ships? Why only send a handful of TIEs after the Falcon when it has the galaxy's most wanted fugitives on board? It's just for story reasons. It's a story, not an accurate re-telling of a historical event.
The last thing I would want is for any film-maker to feel like they have to cowtow to Dave FIloni's terrible ideas just to fix them for him. I think you make all solid points though, and the things you've listed are things I really don't like about the animated stuff. They feel the need to connect to the films, but they do it in such a poor way that you can't help but think, "Hang on, if this is all so important, why does nobody EVER mention it in the films?" Anakin having a Padawan is the worst offence for me. It's just ridiculous. Especially when she's made out to be so significant. We might as well have a cartoon where Luke's step-brother shows up, swings a lightsaber and becomes an Imperial Officer. Sure, Luke never mentions him once in the films, but why should we care about that?
For sure. I just think there's a distinction to be made between sexual tension and being in love.
Exactly. As soon as you go down the nitpick route, you can tear every Star Wars film apart, so what's the point? It just induces people to use double-standards. Every criticism like that thrown at The Last Jedi that also applies to the originals or prequels is simply dismissed by the haters, usually using either their own head-canon or some logic that has nothing to do with what we see in the films. And any good answers to those criticisms of TLJ are then waved away by saying, "The film shouldn't need to be explained like that, so it's still bad writing". Just come on, guys! Example conversation: A: "Why don't the First Order just send thousands of TIEs to wipe out the Resistance? It's just stupid!" B: "Well they do kind of bring that up in the film, plus Hux seems to revel in the idea of letting the Resistance die a slow death because he thinks there is no way out of this situation for them and it's just a matter of time." A: "That's such a shitty explanation. No, it's just terrible writing." B: "Okay then, so why doesn't Tarkin send out thousands of TIEs in the Battle of Yavin instead of just a handfull?" A: "It's totally different! Tarkin was arrogant and thought the Death Star was invincible and the Rebels were doomed anyway!". B: "Erm......" A: "LAZY WRITING!"
Yeah, this. As long as you're not freaking out or shouting down those who disagree, then it's all good-natured fun - as it should be!
If trillions of people are saved from tyranny because the Skywalkers are finished, then that doesn't make the saga for nothing at all. In fact, if you consider the point of view of pretty much ANYONE in the films other than Rey or Leia, then Kylo Ren having a happy ending and ending up in a relarionship with a pretty girl is actually pretty abhorrent. "Mummy, what happened to that man who killed Daddy and all those other people when he tried to conquer the galaxy?" "Well, you see, darling, he fancied a nice girl, and he said sorry and went off to live happily ever after, so everything is juuuuust fine!" "Erm.........."
Well, I'm not sure that you couldn't evade the hyperspace tracker by doing multiple jumps. The technology hasn't really been delved into yet, other than to say that the First Order hyperspace tracker is more of an algorithm than a tracker which can follow ships wherever they go at any point in the galaxy.
&gt;it’s not didactic (unlike the prequels which has so much exposition) And what a surprise that most of the prequel 'defenses' are to do with the technical details of the plot. It's an information dump and I do actually appreciate a lot of the stuff it added to the canon, but emotionally, those films are very flat.
Yeash,. I thnk that after he made Empire, people sort of had him pegged as some kind of blockbuster director, when George hiried Kershner precisely because he was not that person.
It's incredible, isn't it? I mean, just watch that Director and The Jedi documentary and tell me again that Rian Johnson was in any way lazy! The mind boggles. The LAST thing anyone involved that film was, was lazy.
Trump isn't really doing himself any favours when he fires people and then tries to assassinate their character immediately. I wonder why he struggles to maintain the loyalty of people he repeatedly calls idiots who are bad at their jobs (project much?).
It's absolutely this. People who were in their 20s when TPM came out are less likely to be online still talking about how they don't like the prequels than people in their late teens or early 20s today are to be online professing their love for them.
The critics weren't defending the film. They were critiquing it and the overwhelming consensus was that it was a good movie.
BURN!
I was going to come here to make a joke about how people will say that just because these two actors are in a play together, they might have a romance in Episode IX. Seems satire is getting harder and harder these days!
Enfys Nest maybe. It would make sense for them to meet at some point. Maybe an episode or two. I could also imagine Crimson Dawn being a thing but outside of a cameo, I wouldn't expect much Qi'ra. Interesting point though!
This will probably get me downvoted to oblivion, but I'll say it anyway. It seems to me that a significant amount of this 'shipping' business is women who really fancy Adam Driver who want to see their romantic fantasy lived out on screen and vicariously enjoy it through whichever character.
Well, just because Enfys Nest is sort of doing her own thing/heading up her own cell. So it would make a bit more sense to me if she just came into it for an episode or two when the story needed it and then left to have someone else come in.
Well, just because Enfys Nest is sort of doing her own thing/heading up her own cell. So it would make a bit more sense to me if she just came into it for an episode or two when the story needed it and then left to have someone else come in.
It's not a sure thing though. By any means. If you spend your time conversing with people with exactly the same viewpoint as you then it will definitely feel like a sure thing, but that doesn't mean it is. I know NOBODY who thought Donald Trump would win the presidency or that Brtiain would vote for Brexit. It was such a sure thing.... until it didn't happen. The bubble can be a powerful thing.
I look at that mirror scene as Rey looking everywhere for someone to give her meaning in her life. But it's all just her. She asks the mirror for an answer about her parents and it just says "It doesn't matter. It's up to you.". Which also happens to be the theme behind her arc in the first two films.
From personal experience of Cambridge University, this is not surprising in the least. You know what's weird? Being 19 years old and having people ask first what your name is and second, what your father does for a living.
I think it's pretty much all sexual tension, mixed with a bit of vulnerability on both sides. I mean, what is there apart from Kylo's vulnerability which could possibly be attractive or understandable to anyone?
I think it really depends on the story you are telling. The Last Jedi works really well as a 3 act film. Everything comes together on The Supremacy. The Reistance escapes, Rey and Kylo Ren is done and Finn and Rose's story is done. Act 4 is aaaaaall about Luke Skywalker and it's basically his own act which only addresses his story. I really like that, but it is difficult to do in most films. Rocky is a brilliant example of a 4-act film and parallels The Last Jedi very nicely. Return of the King is another 4-act film I like. How about you?
Wow, you're absolutely killing it today! I have nothing to add. This is a great post.
I'm glad you've had a better experience! I thought it was pretty funny, really. What was funny was how quite a lot of the state school people were presenting themselves as being edgy just because they didn't go to Harrow. Churchill College was good for that.
Sure. But it's not. It's twisted.
There already was a reason. Rey left Ach-To because she thought she could turn Kylo Ren and she failed.
