I think the original post is somewhat deranged but raises enough points to be worth a serious answer Firstly, most of the people identified as such when they took the UK further into the EU, were doing it because it was an easy way to get change they wanted to see. EG, Tony Blair, with the Maastricht treaty social chapters, Human Rights Act, etc Going back earlier, in the 1980s one of the basic principles in favour of joining the ERM at a high exchange rate was that it put pressure on the private sector to curb price inflation (inflation and exchange rates are mutually interlinked, if you lock the exchange rate you can't devalue through inflation and have to control inflation instead) would you call Mrs.Thatcher a Euro-federalist? Defining characteristics that make these people non-federalist are their love of power, their desire to keep passing laws locally and telling people what to do. True federalists would realise their position as MPs is untenable unless they resolve not to use their powers Then.. there are the minority, the true federalists. People like me. I'm 37 years old. I've never been on a battlefield defending the sanctity of my nation's borders against invading armies. I've never needed to. Nor has my father.. although my grandparents fought. There was a major war in Western Europe more or less every 40 years from the era of the Roman Republic to 1945. One of the reasons I attribute to it having stopped is that when European nations have true freedom of action and policy, they invariably end up misaligned with their neighbouring states to such an extent that only war can resolve the differences. The Treaty of Rome stopped that, dead And millions live today who otherwise might not. The EU is often ridiculous, obstructive, inefficient, corrupt, silly, contradictory. And I am constantly glad of it A battlefield is a whole lower level of corruption and degradation. I don't expect many of you to agree. I will not respond to any replies to this posting, I feel I've said my bit.
No, its just feeling let down.
*^dogfish
I am seeing disturbing* crossover imagery from Woman In Love and LoTR now. *To me. It'd certainly appeal to some and good for them. BRB, off to poke out my mind's eye with a pencil
Or a chinese thing. In pancakes
&gt;How did a crab kill your mom? Well executed pincer movement
&gt; then who am I to say otherwise. Think you've pretty much nailed it there. I see it differently to what follows those words, but essentially you and i see the same.
well, that's a pane
Northern Ireland.it just screams prejudice
Accountant here: The next decade for me would be ten years of highly profitable consulting work on rebuilding credit ledgers from old printouts, backups and mail archives. Most of the companies I am familiar with would survive this event untarnished after some work
No, he sent his grandmother to research him
Yes. I've always run family cars, since I was 18, for exactly this reason. One of the cheapest cars for a 17 year old to insure is a Volvo 940 2.3 litre turbo. Which is a truly great comfortable fast car with an 'image' that makes insurance salespersons sleep well at night.
So, BJU Sucks
I buy Denso plugs for my car via Amazon, for 30% of what they cost in the store.
It was the day that serving staff circulated their boxes - which were money-boxes to collect tips on an annual basis Anyone who provided a service - milk-deliverers, grocers boys, maids, would take part. Those they provided a service to would contribute.
It would be very hard to quantify - because even a percentage isnt easy to compare (a minimum wage worker would notice 10% going to charity more than an investment banker would) I try to do it based on a low level of charity direct debits and a periodic cash-in-my-hand basis - every couple of weeks if I see a charity collector I like, I give them the entire cash contents of my wallet, the logic being its not enough to break my cashflow but it is enough that I notice the lack of it. If possible, try to remember the charities you really like in your Last Will &amp; Testament. That way you can correct any self-perceived shortfall in your contribution to the betterment of the world
That's somehow undermined by the fact that Maj. Helstrom willingly sits down next to an armed Stiglitz - a career-ending move in most circumstances.
It's happened to me twice now. Neither posts were anywhere close to what I thought were my best contributions (most of which rarely even get a point) 1) Explained the tax effects of use of an ISA for savings &amp; investments under UK law 2) Made a pun about Michelin Stars in reply to someone who suggested eating a car tyre (tire)
if it was ten seconds pumping, thats a gallon of petrol, maybe a gallon and a half. You could have continued filling the tank with premium diesel, driven fast for fifty miles, filled the tank again with diesel and forgotten all about it. Concentration would be well below the point it causes issues (pre modern injection pumps and common-rail, the owners manuals for diesels recommended putting in a gallon of petrol to every tank in cold winter periods to prevent the fuel solidifying)
In the UK, as recently as the early 1990s you could buy petrol by star ratings, 4-star was generally reckoned best , equivalent to modern premium.. but lower ratings also existed. 3-star and 2-star for low efficiency engines, mopeds, etc Is is possible your Camry was specced for regular fuel at a time that sub-regular fuel was also available in some markets it was sold in? IE, they werent prepared to guarantee optimum performance on 88-RON but would on 95-RON ?
"It's a substantial snack. Don't knock it"
if they could state that debt as a proportion of GDP had fallen (arguably a more relevant statistic - think of it as credit card balance versus paycheck size) I might overlook the absolute terms growth Sadly, it hasn't. The graph I found had estimates for 2012 to present and on the basis of that questionable information it appears that the rate of debt growth as % of GDP has reduced. I can't argue with the logic of only spending what you can afford - its what I try to do.
Justifies it nicely though doesn't it. I think most of us would live with killing an armed man who threatened us - if it was someone who actually dropped the hammer, that makes it a hell of a lot easier.
Here speaks a man who can't understand how much air exists within a floor of a large skyscraper - or the immense sideways pressure that air exerts as the floor that stood 25 feet tall is crushed to absolute flat in the space of a single second
if you read to the bottom, these questions have been answered in this thread by the mod team. One individual was banned for racism*, others had temp bans which now expired, and it seems at least one was a victim of a miscarriage of modjustice and has been restored with an apology *seems to be a regular kipper theme, sadly. Freedom of speech only goes so far.
Its probably more to do with "marginal propensity to consume" On a broad scale more people buying stuff means economic growth - but the increase in consumption has to be within the ability of the economy to grow to provide it, else you just get inflation. If a person spends 95% of their income, when you give them a pay rise they are likely to spend the extra money - as its likely they normally live under some constraints, and have to do without. A wealthy person spending 50% of their income is more likely to bank the extra cash. the Tory counter-argument (for balance) is that funding for starting businesses comes from the richer proportion - either by their investing in share subscriptions or by banks intermediating their deposit balances into loans for industry - and without that capital investment growth is restrained. They would also point out that many 'richer' people live a lifestyle that reflects their ability to buy luxury goods, and that they dont save as much as they should and as a result, the marginal propensity argument is iffy
We took big pre orders for a device that might be called a gamebox or an xstation or something. The makers - sonysoft or microny - then said we had to get all our pre orders to buy games as well as the console.. Or they wouldn't fulfill our order When we told them, half of them demanded we refund their deposits. That Cashflow hit killed us stone dead. It was an outright breach of contract but we didn't have enough cash left to sue them
Cars. Buy them with 80000 miles on the odometer for a fraction of the new price when they are only half way through their service life
You can derive information about inputs to a situation from the outputs from it. Known outputs: British moslems are fighting for ISIS abroad, other British moslems have been arrested while attempting to leave for ISIS, more have been arrested for attempting to send money to ISIS Likely cause of these events: That some British moslems are in favour of the political-religious theories expounded by ISIS derived information: A population of ISIS supporters exists within British islam. With accurate information about how many of them leave for ISIS or try to, you could estimate the size of the pool of believers by making some assumptions about the proportion of those who believe, who are moved to act It must be fairly significant though
I'm not aligned with his politics but bizarrely always rather respected Hague, because he actually talks and disregards his own mannerisms and vocal ticks, rather than speaking waffle in an impressive fashion There's an honesty in it. Or, if I'm wrong, then he's much more talented than I give credit for
&gt; Put a cat and an equal weight anything else in a room "This is a 4kg bomb"
But you should see him paint (Three rooms, two coats, in one night!)
In seriousness, I understand the target market is young black men and, apparently, me (late-30s English accountant)
I'd appreciate context from anyone active in the 70s gay scene as to whether this would be thought of as moderate speech at the time
if we equated projection of control areas to government, you guys would be well on top. But being a dominant power over sovereign territory you dont govern doesnt count
Mass hysteria, same causes fainting fits in single-sex schools. Not uncommon.
It's a myth. Doesn't exist. Used as an excuse by the parents of feral children
They got through 6 child actors while producing the Flipper series of films
typical bull shit
It is an offence of note
He would probably note that your reaction justifies some of his prejudice.. You are however right that barring true extremes it is folly to refuse to hear the words of one who would debate.
OK, fair enough. Thats the best argument in favour of an end to government 'recognition' of marriage, and equality of unmarried and married people under the law. But on a lighter note, any asexual who is getting shafted is possibly not very good at it.
"It wasn't just the jews. 4 loyal Germans died in the camp too - their guard-tower collapsed in a storm"
Stand Your Ground! No tree will perilously elevate American felines Speak to your senator about the right to bear anti-arboreal artillery
even short people need to come out of their shell
I've lived in shared homes for 9 years now. I'd say - talk to the people you would be living with. This is a commitment similar in scope to a job interview so be careful If you dont feel you can trust them, it isnt going to work. If you do - then someone opens an extra account, collects payments in there, has bills paid from there, presents accounts to the others periodically
My 70s Triumph singlespeed (convreted - was a 3-speed) cruiser is difficult to ride no-hands. Something about the tyre profile makes it twitchy. Tremendously controllable once I got the knack but took over a year of regular riding it before I was confident to take both hands off. And that at a time I could go for miles on an MTB without touching the handles....
Get sharp tools, cut into small pieces, trickle it out via the normal refuse collection. A friend of mine had a disused mobile home (big caravan style, not a motorhome) taken away by the council bin-men over the space of 3 months by cutting it into strips with an angle grinder and a power saw and inserting into his usual rubbish.
It may be worth re-posting this question into one of the LGBT sub-reddits - users there might be better informed on the specific services available to young LGBT peeps when endangered by their family Good luck.
Confusion is good. "Its time for business, if you'll pardon the pun" While they ponder the words and look for the pun, batter their face in with an iron bar
if you have plenty time (and tools) but no money, and you think you should get better value from your council tax, its a valid possibility.
Its not USB, it's HDMI
On my vintage bicycle with slim tyres, it is a godsend. Has got me home so many times when otherwise I'd have gone flat miles from home. Wouldnt put it in a car though for fear of unbalancing the wheel
Look at the sky at night. You can detect where German cars congregate from the orange glow
User Turborg referred to the photoreconnaissance dummy armies of WW2 - one of two things I came here to mention. The other is the Pas-de-Calais invasion. Allied forces took advantage of the temporary disgrace of General George S.Patton after an incident in his camp, to send him on observation missions and tours that were deliberately not secret enough German intelligence believed - as was intended - that a genuinely talented General would not be excluded from the invasion plans, and as such the Normandy landings were a distraction. They concentrated their forces way north of the invasion that was in progress, awaiting a 2nd landing, by a ghost army that would never come. This probably saved tens of thousands of lives on both sides, and equal numbers of French civilians, by reducing the scale of the initial conflicts
Mighty Car Mods. Epic.
Ex auditor here. My old profession is a joke.
TIL that factoid doesnt mean what I thought it did - I thought the point, and nature, of factoids was that they were true but devoid of context - which does seem to apply to all the items mentioned in that article I might have issues with the narrative they try to portray but all of them seemed to be correct
I came here hoping for someone else to have raised this subject. I figure, if you are offending both sides of an argument, you are doing something right. I will defend the Qu'ran to the end, it is a truly great piece of literature, one of the defining pieces of thought that formed the modern world I will never stop criticising the underlying corruption in Islamic society that uses absolute compliance with the Word to justify its prejudicial and inegalitarian actions - nor will I stop criticising the great bulk who do not speak or act for fear of being branded heretical. Every religious book has bad things in it. It is the choice of every modern religion to adhere to the word or the spirit, or just to reinterpret.
Quite good for roasting with though
1) Banks are stress-tested regularly now and all in pretty good shape. Better defended now than they have ever been 2) House prices over 50 years have averaged a rise in line with inflation. The overpriced perception is a relict of the underpricing we got used to a few decades back 3) the dead wood has been shaken out, the economy is growing 4) Debt to GDP in UK is good compared to many EU nations, and although high (approx 90% when 60% is often quoted as an ideal max) is not out of line with historical norms for a lot of fairly healthy economies. Every point you made is both arguable and in my opinion not a fact, and not true.
I do it with a spreadsheet - well actually its one tab of a spreadsheet that tracks all my balances, but it saved the trouble of finding an account that did it for me. For the record, my splits were : Car tax, Car Ins, New Car, House Deposit, Emergency Fund
cemantics too (or is that CEM antics...)
I love the detailed responses you can get on reddit when you bring up something arcane - great post, thanks
I have been thinking about this UAV all day and I must admit I'm pretty impressed at the work. An automated flight across several states must have crossed some pretty high hills and had to think about altitude and avoiding airports where it would be spotted by Radar. Do you reckon it was a proving run for a drug delivery vehicle? I mean something like that could deliver weed from say Amsterdam to London or even Dublin, or south american drugs from Ciudad Juarez as far into the USA as Oklahoma City or Las Vegas (Yes I have just been stretching my fingers across google maps for distance, not having a large enough banana to use as a scale)
It probably went straight through their chairs. The metal frames would carry a lot of current, and because the people sitting on them were at the same electrical potential as the floor but represented a higher resistance routing, they wouldnt have experienced any current flow through them
In my mind I'm seeing Goering apologising to Hitler for the potato quality
It is a matter of fact that a puma was captured alive in Scotland in 1980.
Meesa do verbal equivalent of putting on blackface, Massa Jedi...
One thing almost as bad as electronic dipstick is the combined dipstick and oil filler on my Saab.
Those florida guys, diving in to wrestle with sharks...
dangling from the tree, 12 feet up....
anyone sensible doing this would ensure the first draw was of multiple lines. then you only have to go back a few stages if you get a breakage
I wouldn't do it if I were you. They could be anyone
I tend to trust the person who told me this, but not to the extent I'd call a Swiss citizen a liar over it ! I'm wondering if it was some sort of local byelaw or even a residents association rule in an apartment block. I dont know any of the details, its just an anecdote that seemed believable but surprising enough to share.
But dick wouldnt come to mean penis until the 20th century. Shakespeare spelt most names phonetically - everyone did in the 15th century. Hence Captain Llewellyn in Henry V is written as Captain Fluellen in order to get an approximately correct pronounciation of a Welsh name Benedict means Blessing - however its spelt.
Its a higher quality of prank too. I love the thought that went into this
fiction, right?
They got the mustard out!
Based in Zurich?
I think the shares are cheaper now than they will be in spring with discounts. Crazily underpriced. Lloyd's will announce their interim dividend before the spring sell off and I expect the price to rise from 69p as it was yesterday to the mid 80s. Edit- 2. The ex dividend date is in April too and I want that dividend.
good luck
I can read that sentence so many ways. All of them disturbing
I'm guessing at that sort of CCA it's either a V8 or a big diesel? Mine's a 4-cyl Saab (2.0 litres displacement)
Its just his job 5 days a week?
I think I'd rather have public policy made by those who doubt themselves than by those with complete self-confidence. Epic reply, thank you - very interesting
Can confirm, the syringe isnt anywhere near as bad as toothache....
electric city buses worked using trolley-poles with bobbins on the end that ran along 2 parallel wires over the road. I expect if history had continued along similar lines there'd have been recharging rails on the streets for cars in busy areas or long highways (long trolley poles would be impractical on a car..)
Keeping loans going is bad finance habit. Take it from someone who took out a 3 year bank loan to buy a car that had 2 years of life left. No good outcome comes of this. You have effective equity of about £1500. Actualise it. Then start again. It strikes me that you can't really afford new cars if you think in these terms At the risk of repeating a UKPF trope - have you considered a £5K or £3K car?
How did you even notice that?
Kinda looks like we're temporarily f*cked now doesnt it? I'm going to keep buying LLOY but after todays news I'm going to restrict my buying program and put more cash into P2P investments instead until I see some signs of a turnaround
It also saves 4 of the principal stars in the closing moments of the film!
if muff is measured by the ton something's gone weird
Not sure that actually happened. Given that nobody has died as a result of the Fukushima reactor crisis.
If you buy a VW made after 2000 you deserve everything you get... Junk.
I havent travelled enough to have a view on this but one place keeps being mentioned by people I consider to be widely travelled: Pakistan - apparently it just feels unsafe, ramshackle, shoddy and uncultured, most especially to female travellers.
Any railway which is central to the platform is headed for a pretty messy crash
I was unaware of the withdrawal of Crown preference - thanks for that
or stockholm syndrome, if it was a tumour
Came here to say that. Its something about care for the perceived vulnerable Some people swear that their cats or dogs are better judges of human character than they are
My computer often contained highly confidential transfer pricing data People broke into my office and stole it 3 times in 5 years. Consumer goods importing firm in the EU
Eating a macaroon. Seems its to be death by coconut for me. Uh-oh
Also think of this. Zero-percent interest credit loans exist. If you have cash in a deposit account earning interest, and you can get something you want on 0% interest loans, why wouldnt you take the loan? then you earn some interest on your cash before paying the debt. Sometimes its worthwhile for a person of positive net worth to also have debts.
RAF Lancaster crews used their microwave radios to warm up food during ww2
I can't be 100% certain but it seems to be . just in Iraq a quarter of a million civilians died. It's been unlikely there have ever been more than 10000 active terrorists over the last 15 years.
If you think your nephew's mad, consider the neighbour's cat..
That's the Swiss for you. Raising the standard of healthcare (edit - too obscure a pun it seems)
For a threatening thing that follows you around, I think Douglas Adams nailed it. I fear the silently-arriving soft drinks vending machine
I have slightly over £6K in FC* - all in A+, A and B -rated loans. Been investing in there to some degree for 18 months. No defaults so far. Placing more than a few hundred pounds by autobid can take a while but its much quicker to leave autobid enabled but also scour the 'loan parts' secondary market for loan parts matching your requirements. advisable not to lend too much per loan to get better diversification. In advanced settings in the secondary market you can set restrictions on the markup you are willing to pay (I never pay markups - I buy loan parts at par or not at all) and whether you want to see loan parts from businesses you already loaned to. Fairly impressed. Looking forward to the ISA (*£2K of my own money, £4K borrowed on a 32-month cash transfer credit card - the difference between the total cost of the loan and the total return achievable through FC made it worthwhile)
If I ever have a house on top of a big hill I am going to always have a bike with no brakes insecurely stored nearby. It'll be my contribution to crimefighting
Thanks for that. I did look into SIPPs at the same time as I first set up a S&amp;S ISA and at that time the fee structures looked pretty unfavourable compared to ISAs. I'll look again as it could be things have moved on....
OK, if i'd known about Bestinvest I'd have been ahead of the game for longer 0.3% charge on the first quarter million GBP, 0.2% on the next 3/4mil, no charges beyond that except a £210 exit fee (£175+vat) and £7.50 charges for buy/sell operations? I wish I could get an S&amp;S ISA that good It looks like if I moved my Scottish Widows stakeholder pension into there and put some Vanguard or similar low-fee funds in, I could save a few hundred quid a year in fees.... The only thing that concerns me is all the drawdown fees, etc. And thats mainly because I dont know how to compare them to the other funds I already have. I guess overall its probably still less fees in total and it is better to pay the fees at the end of the pension saving than at the beginning, for compound interest reasons?
On the flipside, the numbers I used were net of the government top-up of a full 25% on funds paid in. I excluded it as I am not willing to assume it'll always be available..... If I'd included the 20% tax rebate (which is 25% of amount contributed to make it up to a hypothetical 100% before 20% tax deducted) to the pension fund on every contribution, then on paying in £10K then £50/mo the actual fund after 45 years would be £238000 at 5% avg growth
I could tell you, but then I realised that about a hundred other people already have on this thread
No worries - but remember that /u/sometimesihelp 's comments are very valid points! The biggest downside of pension investment is you wont be able to access the money for a very long time and the tax structure at the time will be at the mercy of future Chancellors of the Exchequer
Without doubt yes and the record of prosecutions is proof of such. There were both English and Scottish activist supporters of the IRA
I don't have as much savings as you do, and Virgin Money gave me a 32-mo cash transfer card with an £11K limit recently - and only 1.69% one off fee for transferring cash I used it to invest in Fundingcircle (likely return 6 to 7%) but could as easily have used it for a car. they didnt ask what it was for.
Something tells me you know nothing about accountancy! As someone who does, let me tell you that 90-95% of all accounting practices are used by all accountants anywhere on earth. I work with several accountants from places that might be called third world. All are capable of anything an EU-national accountant is, once the communication difficulties are got past. Payroll compliance, tax regimes and reporting regulations are the only significant areas of divergence. Architecture is principally concerned with implementing the laws of physics and surprisingly, this also means its done exactly the same everywhere. Pretty sure the winner of last year's RIBA annual award was middle-eastern in fact.
According to other posts you have made.... you are old enough to remember the JFK Assassination, your father is Catalan from the Basque country in Spain, and you are still dating hot guys... If you want to live a lie, at least be consistent
Wasnt this an original Mark Twain (SL Clemens) quote?
You have more balls than I do then
and in Newcastle they say Doo doo dodee's inclimmin wivva
One does not simply walk into Mordor Faire.
I bought another £100 of LLOY today. Finally got my average cost per share down below £0.80 (psychologically it feels good if avg cost is falling as I am still confident of this stock recovering to 90p+ Osborne announced to all those of us who had signed up for the government share issue in Lloyds that it wont happen yet - why would I care? I got a lower cost per share on the open market today than he intends to offer even with the discount.
If anything the govt came off well today - by delaying the privatisation of Lloyds it showed more interest in good economics than in political ideals I was on the waiting list to buy some of the govt's shares but in the end I bought some on the open market today for less
&gt;he admitted that trying to catch a 250-pound animal using a towel might not have been the best idea. From the article. As a Brit I love irony, always jarring to see it in the American media
Oh great. More carping about ancient history. Upon my sole...
This is known. They just are not quite so thorough about it.
don't need to diet. Source: am 30's guy, can confirm.
I just switched my main ISA from Virgin money tracking the FTSE250 to Hargreaves Lansdown, with most of the funds going on Vanguard Lifestrategy 80 - the reason being that it diversifies me beyond just UK businesses
I can understand it to an extent - nations are built on their history America was the big empty place - it bred self-reliance and responsibility because in the big expanses, there would be nobody to rely on if you had troubles. People gained self-respect by not relying on others and came to see that as a virtue. I guess as a more religious society as well - the bible says that God loves a cheerful giver - there was some argument that compulsory social support taxes robbed the taxpayer of the moral benefits of giving. We Europeans are too used to being an urban society where rights and duties flowed freely.
That's a very incontinent way of seeing it
I trust you will always remember this as the day you nearly saw Captain Black Sparra
Male user here. Did you think that posting here required comments? Its interesting, I didn't... I've posted on here twice, the first time I got told I was fat by some guy, then defended by another, the second posting got no replies but one private message. My objective in posting both times was to add to the 'normal people with unspectacular bodies can go naked too' ethos of this sub. But then I'm not in the USA so if I was using these forums to cruise for encounters I'd have a pretty unsuccessful time of it!! I'm probably relatively unusual in that I used my main reddit identity to post here too, so you neednt assume I'm a representative sample I do agree with the OP that there's a small risk of this subreddit becoming /gonewild for those who don't quite like the competition on the real /gonewild, I think the larger risk to this subreddit's reputation is the private messages a lot of female posters report receiving - but with a semi-open system like reddit thats hard to work around
Implying that a brexit vote is courageous makes cowards of those who would vote to maintain a constitutional arrangement they are comfortable with. A poor argument as many responses might be posed along the lines of refusing to flee from something being equally brave. Maybe the real courage comes with bringing forward new ideas for Europe's future and finding consensus among sceptical partners.
Unless he's already saved the purchase price. That situation would be gravy for the lucky, but hardly an idea with broad support
Well we call them launderettes, for a start. OP presumably a visiting American.
Clams had nothing to do with what happened to their partners
In the last few months - since Mighty Car Mods bought a Saab as a project car - I'm suddenly being waved at by people in JDM performance cars Which is unexpected.
but man-dates are not allowed under that same law
Watford to Aberdeen on a friday afternoon is one I used to do regularly, would usually take between 11 and 13 hours. I wouldnt willingly drive further without a break for the night.
eBay. Vintage pine is underappreciated by the secondhand market, all the furniture I own is now in matching materials and style through just 3 months careful watching and bidding. It has wildly varying age - I am pretty sure my chest of drawers is at least 200 years older than my desk (handmade screws, and the drawers are all individually sized)- but all matches perfectly. I didnt spend more than £70 on any individual item
It even sounds like the person with naming rights wanted to get the boot in first on the little tards.
While i may have criticism of some users, none is aimed at the way you run this sub. You do a good job and its appreciated
Basically its a Veccy, they ride well, fairly good build quality, and somewhat improved by Saab in terms of electrics, bodywork and interiors. The diesels have a fresh-from-vauxhall GM unit that slightly prone to sludging so it needs regular oil changes and care, the petrol engines are highly strung but solid and powerful. They have a design history going back something like 30 years and if well maintained they have block lifespans comparable to a proper Volvo, not your faux-Ford heap of sh*t V50 - IE, 200000 to 300000 miles Most of the electric stuff in my 900 is off-the-shelf Bosch parts. Vectras have been in production for a long time and all the shared parts - of which there are many - are exceptionally easily available
I would say, think of the timings of costs. I used to be bad with money and my solution was to open a 2nd bank account. If car tax costs £240 for a year, then I pay £20 a month into that account just for car tax. Insurance, £600 - £50 a month just for that. Assume the car needs replacing in 3 years, cost of replacement, £1000 - add an extra £28 a month.. I dont recommend getting into paying for car tax and insurance by direct debit. It costs more and gives you less financial flexibility - if you do it my way, you have to pay the first year upfront but after that you're in credit and can earn interest on the balance if you pick well. Basically I turned the costs into a regular monthly amount that I had to be able to pay into that 2nd bank acct and not spend on anything else - if I was ever unable to do it, I'd know immediately I couldnt afford to keep driving and I'd have time to sort things out.. The first year of this was hard.... the 2nd year was very easy as the two big hits of car tax and insurance were all saved up for when due. Also think about the annual MOT - its not that much but if things need fixing its better to have a bit aside for that
Others have given the best suggestions for the first things to check already (the alternator should be producing enough power and the switch itself shouldnt have a short circuit). I think you should also check the wiring loom to see if two or more wires have become trapped by the steering column or by a removed-and-refitted access panel. Plausibly the current intended for the indicators is being accidentally re-routed to ground, that would cause exactly those symptoms as it'd make the voltage on the entire interior loom unstable Also check the grommet where the loom passes through the firewall - if the vehicle has power cables added for an uprated amp they could have displaced another wire to rub against the metal frame of the vehicle. Which would only happen after months of wear stripped away the coating.
When I see a girl with moles like yours I think 'I hope she gets them checked by a doctor every so often to ensure they aren't growing' Doesnt affect my attraction in any way Edit. Thanks to whoever down voted me. My advice saves lives from skin cancer, dont be a prick just because it's out of place in this sub.
I initially interpreted this the wrong way and saw in my mind the most fabulous camp site (pun?) imaginable. Then realised you meant a grim place where people are forced to act straight.
It is no harder to poach a rhino than it is to poach an egg, given a sufficiently large pan. Giraffes sleep with their necks curled up Bears in a remote area of America discovered fire in the late 1990s and lost the art 3 years later when the last of the newly recognised sub-specie Ursus Ignis was killed in a forest fire.
Report him to the police. He has committed a criminal offence by opening your mail
Postal services act 2000
often requires a deep socket to get a plug out
Spark plugs are always the first thing to change when you have a bad start, as the cost is so minimal and you can both buy the tools to do it and the parts and do it at home for less than the cost of paying someone to do it The stop-light thing could be a dirty idle engine speed control valve. MAP is a Manifold Absolute Pressure sensor, it and a MAF are different things but do similar things! Try unplugging whichever you have and then start, the car should default to standard settings
Been doing London UK ride as a lone male since 2011, never had any problems, when you get there and everyones stripping off it would feel more unnatural not to join in No luck convincing friends to join me!!
The short answer is no. Its usually cheaper to get a full years insurance then cancel the policy and pay the cancellation charge than to get short term insurance
Seems slightly superfluous or even spammy given that we have galleries of body parts as part of this subreddit...
The fact that the risks of leaving are greater than the risks of remaining doesnt mean that the remain camp is more scare-mongery. Just that its dealing with real dangers instead of Boris's daily pack of lies Remain is trying to protect us from trashing our nation's future.
Novl
Have opened Lloyds, TSB and Nationwide current accts with no problems solely online. Tesco, ridiculously, required a signed form returned to them after I'd gone through the long online application process (it went in the bin, not wasting my time with that 20th century crap) Never been asked to attend anything in person
No, a knife is OK as a defence weapon as long as you don't disclose it, you just use it once your attacker gets close-in - nothing like a blade driven into in the guts/genitals to deter or a severed jugular to end
You used a cheap ELM327 adapter didnt you? they cause problems with Ford ECUs, makers of some software (Torque) specifically warn about this
Well, its original...
I think you are borderline breaching Godwin's law there. Fascist opinions are not legitimate and do not enjoy the privilege of being tolerated
Ok, I believe you should be decapitated with a rusty knife, then.... Hello boot,.meet the other foot.
I've three times been involved in minor shunts and resolved without insurance, go with your gut instinct about the counterparty if you trust them, and ask for copies of the invoices for work done to their vehicle (keep the copies) Two of the accidents were my fault, one was the other party's, this is over the space of 20 years driving but two of them (one my fault) were in the last 4 years The sensible option is to go through insurance. But its not the only way.
It's a forgotten place. People from Stoke are either born there then leave, or born there then vote leave. EDIT: Two hours after typing this offhand remark, it occurred to me that voting leave vs voting remain as a signifier of social, educational and economic poverty is a pretty useful way of classifying the country
Got a job in a cashroom for 6 months, moved to a low level job with a chartered accountant, went to nightschool to get my AAT qualification, slowly progressed thru a variety of accounting posts and the ACCA qualification to my present job title, 'Financial Accountant' and a salary that begins with a 4 Getting to that job title has been a long battle. I wasted a LOT of years along the way due to taking wrong approaches and staying in jobs that didnt benefit me. I'm 37 and only now feel that I've 'made it'. It may be that I only got this far due to being effectively trilingual with two other major european languages as well as English and focusing on a subset of accountancy thats used by multinational firms
I saw the news, thought 'Fucking paddy cunts, we should shoot the lot of them, especially the Loyalists' then forgot about it and moved on In 1993 I was close enough to an IRA bomb in london that the blast wave ruffled my hair (not close enough to be dangerous) and ever since then I've felt that Ulster is a shithole full of arseholes who arent worth fighting with,or fighting for. Let the poisonous cocksuckers kill each other off and leave us to our cups of tea
Yes. The bulk of my professional and financial progress has been in the last 5 years, as I started honing my niche.
Could it be running lean? caused by an air leak? I'm told thats often a cause of excessive temperatures at the head. I'm not familiar with that engine but if it has rubber vacuum lines they might be rotted through by now
On the basis that one cause of heat is mechanical friction, have you tried a thicker oil?
There is a general negativity and you won't totally escape it, sadly. However it's somewhat sharply pointed at those people who are seen as either taking low-end jobs from british workers, or of cultural incompatibility with traditional British life. We do still have a class system of sorts, it's just been somewhat corrupted in its nature. As an educated Western european you'll be more highly regarded and not looked at in the same way.. our population exchanges with Catholic Christian countries have a long history. The popular dialogue on race doesnt include seeing professionals coming here to do high level work, as the same as the people who will live on minimum wage picking potatoes in Lincolnshire.
Does anyone still doubt my comments of yesterday when I called it irresponsible of VL to brand Labour as traitors?
I suspect the trend is driven by the over representation of its adherents on social media
Failing main ignition relay or starter relay is my guess. Or a slightly bad starter power strap that heats up and makes a contact
I think if your relationship has got to the striking phase, its over. I also think you did nothing wrong. If you replied to her every attack with an attack in return you'd be equally guilty but that one slap was fully justified and you made her realise what it was like
he can't help making any situation worse. That remark could easily have waited until friday...
if only all fucking morons could so easily &amp; legally be deleted
Given your username I hope the missing 'nt in that sentence is deliberate and that it freaks them out
Clean out the engine now while its relatively low mileage. Get yourself an oil change pump (electric scavenge pump - eBay for about £20) and some oil, pump out the oil, refill - use any cheap semi-synth of the right spec, also buy the oil from eBay.. After 3000 miles, repeat. Then again. After 10,000 miles you've done 4 oil changes in quick succession and the interior of your engine will be sparkling clean. Many 'engine cleaning additives' make claims but the most powerful cleaner of engine interiors is fresh oil, for the first few months of its life it actively dissolves and absorbs muck, soot, dirt, clag from every inside surface of the engine. Then go back to standard oil change interval and better oil (Shell Helix fully synth is bloody good stuff and often on discount at EuroCarParts) Congratulations on the pending blessings upon your family.
I intend to borrow these words on occasion - thanks.
No
Thats more down to vertical v horizontal intestines. Human design has to be able to exert significant back-pressure without significant actual muscle use, the dog works at lower pressure.
he's right though, the EU has four major rail systems in different gauges (4ft8&amp;1/2, 5ft, 5ft3, 5ft6) , and at least 5 different systems of electrification (750dc, 1500dc, 3000dc, 15000ac, 25000ac)
Normally, agreements between close family members are deemed not to have legal force (certain exceptions regarding property, probate) . She actually cannot sue you, as the fictional agreement between you, even if it had been agreed to, is not legally binding
Cats arent like humans - after they die, they dont understand that they are dead, so they don't go away, they just keep trying to attract people's attention to them.
[Citation](http://e-lawresources.co.uk/Intention-to-create-legal-relations.php)
Tool rental place? Builders have to use them to check buildings for radon in granite areas so I presume they are lease able . If not, use photographic film and get it developed. This won't work with a digital camera.
Giving it some tuna then taking it back to the ocean
Done! And I would recommend it to others as an interesting suite of questions to think about.
Thats certainly the 'normal way' Given what the UK's done however, I'm tempted to wonder if the EU might break its own rules a little in Scotlands favour - basically as revenge against the brexiteers. I hope so. I'd like to see at least part of the UK saved.
Dust is still settling from the Lehman collapse in 2008. About 10 years probably.
except in weird red-dwarf/red-labour crossover comedy "Smoke me a ukipper, I'll be back for brexit"
Deric Longden, in one of his domestic comedy books, refers to his new (same-day) cat Thermal looking at his blind wife Aileens eyes for the first time, leaning closer, gently stroking her cheek with its paw and continuing afterwards to treat her considerably differently to any other human in the house
His dogma would suit him well in Athens though
Ashamed to be British. We've become small, blind, petty
Is there any other sort? I know of none. the 'Levellers' had a try at it in Cromwell's time, didnt work out well for them. A NATO deployment in Europe would have had no democratic elements, the actions of British forces in Iraq had no democratic basis, armies have no internal democracy. Armies are the last defence of democracy, but they dont practice it. We are not equipped to defend ourselves against other EU states, because we dont need to be. There is no military threat from them, military co-operation with them could only make us stronger and safer
No, oddly enough, his policies right from the start were electoral suicide, the public didnt need to be told that they dont believe in them
No. Those people still were fools
IF you mean the line that takes fuel vapours off to the engine to be burnt have a look at the throttle body, on many vehicles its a stubby steel pipe jutting out from there, BELOW the throttle plate, and the pipe just pushes onto it
No, he might just save the Labour party.
Maybe the members who voted Corbyn in will be realising that they have failed and their man has failed by now
How many of those people are still even members? How many were members 6 months before? The actual Labour 'membership' - the people who have been members for years, canvassed for the party, actually voted for it - no, they didnt back Corbyn.
The nature of States is to protect their own existence. Of course they'll want to make us suffer for leaving. But they dont have to be nasty to do it. Just applying the normal terms is enough to totally fuck us.
PM: Osborne. Not because he's a great politician but because he's a pragmatic and liberal-minded one. I'm filled with horror at the idea of a brexiteer taking the reins/reign Labour: Anyone but a Corbynite. I will shortly be joining the Labour party in order to be able to vote in their leadership contests. I would recommend to anyone interested in having good opposition that they do the same.
I am somewhere on that spectrum and have averaged 18000 miles a year for 19 years now.. currently about 12000/year but some years I did 30000plus. I can see i am not the norm though...
Coolant temperature sensors (2-wire) are very easy to test with a multitester and no harm will come of it Just sit a replacement sensor next to the one in the engine for an hour or so until they are at the same temperature Then using resistance mode, check first the resistance of the replacement sensor, then the resistance of the car's fitted sensor AFTER unplugging the car loom from it If they arent close, you know the old sensor has probably failed Resistances range from about 50 to 800 ohms to about 200-3000 ohms... you may need to try the kilohms scale if your first tests show too high a resistance to measure
As a temporary measure all Greggs Sausage Rolls will be lightly dusted with strychnine
Nope, it was a while ago but if you look back to the Gordon Brown premiership, it actually seemed worse then than Jez has it now. Brown got slammed for everything, even when it wasnt his fault. (he was a visually-disabled man in a very high-stress job, who handwrote a letter of condolence to the families of every UK soldier killed during his premiership, and he got slammed in the media for his poor handwriting and mis-spelling a name)
Remove and clean the idle air control valve, this is always first suspect in a vehicle that gives power under rev but won't idle
Hallo neighbour (am also from s.bucks and occasionally work in Zurich, maybe we have same employer...) - I had high hopes our area would see sense but nooo
Its midsummer in the UK, and its Ramadan, and I'm in an area with a relatively high Muslim population. If towards the end of the day I see people looking dangerously exhausted/thirsty walking along or stopped for a rest I'll always stop and offer them either a lift or help carrying their bags. 3 times so far this week Always refused. 100%. Not sure if through doubt at my appearance (am tall beardy crew-cut white bloke) or strict religious observation
&gt;Its like one of the dead trees is trying to communicate... Placing a trunk call. looks like theres code in there that should have formed text spontaneously but failed to execute Part of the source code for a spam email sender script?
From 1996 to 2001 I was a Blairite. Let me tell you what I wanted. A government not obsessed with obstructing the EU, which was turning into something interesting. Minimum wages. Right to Union recognition. Soclal Chapter of Maastricht to be signed. End to politicised attacks on benefit claimants. And loads of other stuff I've forgotten about. what I do remmeber is that Blair was somewhat disappointing but delivered on a lot of stuff, before he went psycho, control-freak, warmonger. Am looking for evidence of Corbyn delivering any improvement to working peoples lives.
&gt; it risks a very muscular UKIP sweeping the next GE. funniest thing I've seen all day. the Greens are statistically as likely as UKIP to form the next government
I was about to upvote you for making a great joke when I realised you were serious. 200,000 people elected Corbyn, 9.3 million people elected the PLP
I hoped he would bring a new politics and I do believe his softer style has improved debate in the house markedly. The old clashes of hard words were unattractive to watch. That said we need good opposition now. We have to have a government in waiting in case the current one falls.
Thanks, I clicked in here to say something about how the ball would have to have friction only in one direction else the forces would cancel out
Its crazy that parents nowadays aren't allowed to cable-tie small children to the front bumper any more
Would it? how many Leave voters ever voted LD anyway? Its hardly their target audience
cul-punt de canard
[This was first posted in 2014 - not by you](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2fdsfx/reddit_have_you_ever_walked_out_on_someone_in_the/ck89ltf/) It reached 2948 points last time, I dont think its as good the second time around
Canardly credit it ! Wonder who picked up the bill...
No, the Fabian Society has been around for 133 years , it is older than the Labour party and it helped inspire the original vision of the party. The Fabian society is more true to Labour ideals than the Labour leadership or members are
No, that's Corbyn and Momentscum. The Fabian Society reflects honest, thoughtful, practical socialism. It's the sort of thing I joined Labour to support. It's the intellectual backbone of our movement. I doubt many of Corbyn s lot even know it existed, have already seen it described as a blairite think-tank on here
Why do you want to frame the Blairites as out of step with the greatest traditions of the party? Blair often spoke of the greatness of the Fabians.
Wow, you really don't get any of this do you?
Such as new labour, on realising that 1940s methods didn't work in a 1990s economy
I think it needs an explosion from below as an added few frames
Reagan.
Just tell them to fuck off, they arent even employees of the state, you have no duty to them whatsoever, and certainly there is no legal means they can make you enter a system password
I guess if we knew the season ticket cost per year, we could add that to what someone of the same career position earns in Middlesboro'.. to get the minimum salary he'd have to learn in london to even break even.. Then add 20 grand for his time, of course....
Financial Independence / Retirement Early - from what I read on its imaginatively titled subreddit - seems to be one of the few things making it worth working a burn-out job for any length of time
0% Cash transfer credit cards are good for buying cars if you dont want to spend reserves - you sign up, transfer the cash to your bank account for a one off fee of 2 to 4%, then get up to 2 years (mine had 3 years..) to pay it back @ 0%. Thats less cost than the interest that savings deposited at 2% would lose if you withdrew them and bought the car from cash. Thirdly - someone who has £5K in cash and a loan that repays at £100 a month - is a lot better off than someone who has £3K in cash and no loan payments, in case of sudden unemployment
Disturbing correlation between username and post content
or Hebden Bridge without the whippets or silly accents
His party's had an attack of the trots for quite some time
Unfortunately for the party, the general response will probably define 'reboot' as 'kick it again'
posing the question of how many doughnuts Abbott can support
I see where you're going with the Adams accent but whenever I try to say it out loud, Sean Connery takes over
For ultimate stealth we could start by going south from the Falklands, over the south pole then up the back of the map to come out at the top of Russia
You can get a perfectly decent car for £1000 which will give 50,000 miles of reliable service, Paying hundreds per month is insanity. Return them both.
If you can't afford to operate a safe vehicle, I can't afford for you to be sharing the road with me.
I'm not the guy you asked that to, but.... I pay £50 a month into a bank account that I only use for buying cars. Whenever the current car is knackered I go out and buy another, if they last 2 years, I stay on top of the cost, any extra time they last is bonus and lets me build up an extra buffer... always go for 2.0 litre petrol models from good manufacturers with full service history, I have no concern about age as its mileage that kills. Currently running a 1996 Saab convertible that cost £950, it's been mine for 15 months so far and doesnt feel like it'll die any time soon. Previously I had a 2001 Volvo for £970 which lasted 2 years and 9 months until I scrapped it as unlikely to be MOTable, in which time I did 55,000 miles on just basic servicing. Learning to do oil changes and change spark plugs and filters is a big saving too.
I rely on my cars for work, and have had no problems from doing so. An average car has a reliable service life of 150,000 miles, a car with 80,000 miles on the clock &amp; full dealer history can be bought for £1000, if you pay any more than that for a car then you are spending your money on an image, not a requirement. Which is fine if you have spare money to spend on that, but not if you dont. When you buy a car for £1000 @ 80K miles you are getting about 9/20ths of its entire service life for about 1/15th to 1/20th of the 'new' price. OP wants a reliable automatic car, a few seconds searching Autotrader and I just found a Honda Civic auto 1.4 with full dealer history, auto transmission &amp; all the neat options, selling for £575 at 82K miles. Thats an exceptionally reliable and well-built car from a manufacturer with one of the best reputations out there.
At least partly because the Tories tend to be elected just after Labour's fucked it up (1979,2010) and Labour tends to get elected just after the Tories have sorted things out (1997). The 1945 Labour government would have been high on the list of borrowers if Marshall Plan aid from the USA hadn't been conveniently available
I would generally agree with this point, but responsibility comes with power - it happened on their watch
Thames Valley / M4 corridor, western end - accessible to Reading for IT jobs market but affordable compared to London. Newbury, Hungerford, Swindon?
I've seen (presumably) the same one in Hemel Hempstead several times over the last 10 years as and when I visit there
That cant be real...
My partner fled Romania due to state harrassment of her and her colleagues. Their only offence was to be salaried employees of an opposition-supporting media business. The Romanian government is dodgy as hell. The victim in this case is involved with another separate media business
I see why that's significant. It just irks me that Paisley &amp; Foster benefited from a historic and unrewarded bravery by Trimble - as I never at the time believed the IRA would give up such a significant thing unless they had something to show in advance. I am fairly confident that there are still a few stashes well hidden but not forgotten, just in case, and that some of the IRAs arsenal filtered down to even less palatable groups.. as long as the system keeps working they do little harm. Has it been long enough? - I hope so - that the resignation of the IRA's man puts little strain on their commitment to keep a low profile and mainly behave
The Saab is at once the oldest (In terms of years between it being built and me owning it - its now 21 years old), most rewarding and most frustrating car I have ever owned. Some days you get on the motorway and the combination of engine, gearbox and body is magical and it just slingshots you over the horizon. Other days the exact same combo is deeply frustrating and you just want it to shut up and grow some longer legs. After 22,000 miles in 16 months it is at least proving itself as reliable
Man with rifle buys house, light problem disappears
At 19 I had A-levels, hadnt gone to university, no idea what I wanted to do so I got a temping job as a cashroom clerk just so as to be doing something. 20 years later I am a financial accountant earning a decent salary. Its entirely accidental. Careers just happen like that.
he didnt leave when challenged to prove that he had an ounce of humanity by leaving. She then disregarded him as a human
Recent polls suggest that about 26% of them agree with Jezza Corbyn. Jezza Clarkson has the support of the other 74%
When I joined the Labour party and devoted most of my spare time to it for years, it was because we had a leader who said 'come to us and be with us'. New Labour is truly dead and the replacement Labour says 'fuck off and vote tory'. Ok. Will do.
&gt; If Sherrinford was a place that wouldn't make sense. "Put me through to Rampton" - a lot of people would understand that the speaker wanted Rampton Secure Hospital - the detention centre for the dangerously unhinged. Makes perfect sense that way
Look at the cat's tail - if it's up, and not moving fast from side to side, then happy cat. So the cat's either engaging in harmless play, or is a dangerous psychopuss
Lets make one and send it in, see how good their checking is..
Yes it has long been that way. Gladstone and Disraeli were great marketeers and every subsequent prime minister has conformed to this, with the exception of Attlee (who may despite this be the greatest of them all)
Nothing wrong there!
And some walkers get a really bad day
Burp the coolant system before you go - Remove the cap of the coolant filler tank, run the engine at tickover until the fan comes on, top up if needed while waiting.. this tends to cause any air-locks to sort themselves out. its possible you just have air in the radiator circuit. For the record if its a big, fast temperature spike its just as likely you have a failing coolant temperature sensor. There are hard physics limits to how quickly an engine can change temperature.
There's some benefit in being paid to hang around in the world's no.1 source of Eastern European ladies (or guys, if tracksuits are your thing)
Didnt this staircase stuff start with a rather well-written fiction piece in /nosleep?
...like an old oak table...
Time to resolve a problem. Most people in this country, myself included, face a simple choice. Either comply with any request by an employer that is legal and contractually compliant, or leave that employment. The rail unions seem to feel justified in preventing millions from doing their jobs, in order to protect the privileged positions of a few thousand train staff. Fuck them.
About the only issue with that is route knowledge. Drivers have to have recent route knowledge in order to know where signals and speed restrictions are in order to legally drive a train with passengers. Better perhaps if southern got all its managers and station staff certified as drivers and put them all on one service every 5/6 weeks so they retain the clearance, then they can just fire the drivers who strike and run a service using temps for the non critical stuff and management
For months now millions are disrupted by an action against a legitimate business decision. They reap what they sow. The unions have been irresponsible
Clearly. I assumed you were joking.
... then lose the seat anyway
It's interesting that when the Copeland MP resigned it was commented that other MPs were looking for a way out. I wonder how many more will go, knowing they have no future career in Westminster
Hemel Hempstead was always a Labour seat traditionally . Tories took it in the 80s, Tony McWalter (one of.my favourite MPs ever for flooring Blair with a question on philosophy) took it back, currently I think it's Mike Pennings seat for the Tories again. Odd to see the LDs doing well there.
When I first had a thermostat fail it was in a 2.0 Volvo V40 XS - it was the base spec model without a car computer and with analogue gauges. When I finally plugged in to monitor it I found it was getting to about 80C - which was near enough to the ideal temp that the temperature needle wasn't obviously short of its proper position. But that still left me getting 29mpg instead of the usual 41mpg (V40 Mk2 is very efficient for a 2.0 petrol car). I was really short of cash then so I tested it by putting a cardboard cereal box between the radiator and grill. Temperature average rose to about 85C and economy improved to the mid 30s. So I changed it, and all sorted. Just from the temperature needle I would never have known.
Nintendorito FTW
Well.. life of course. It's like a social club for the kind of guy who has trouble finding his own cock. But why am I explaining to you? You parody them so well.
If the flight is to heathrow then it cannot be cheap as the landing there costs too much. If its not cheap, it won't sort it out.
Edinburgh airport is 5 miles of out the city, not 32 - and has already captured that market. You can get from central Glasgow to central edinburgh in less time than you can get to Prestwick from Glasgow. Also, Glasgow International Airport is 26 miles closer to Glasgow than Prestwick is... so why start from Prestwick? Prestwick is a second rate 2nd airport for a city that only needs one.
it ensures that press coverage is relevant and on-point. A lot of politicians actually release the text of their speech to the press before giving it because this makes it much more likely that the reporting will be complete and the text quoted correctly. Periodically this causes problems when speeches are changed at the last minute
Its just a self-aggrandising wall of words. You're either a parody, or pathetic.
would have
Basically I consider the possibility of a Corbyn premiership unconscionable, I'm throwing all my normal political principles aside because stopping him achieving power has become the most important thing to me... its a rare case where the ethical duty of a voter to act responsibly goes beyond what I'd normally want to vote for. I genuinely believe he's dangerous to us.
Just far enough to win an election. Because if you can't do that you are a fucking useless twat with good intentions. The road to hell is paved with those.
Join Momentum. You sound exactly the sort of jealous politics-of-envy halfwit they can't get enough of
Modern philosophical basis for monarchy could be summed up as "If you have a monarch, you only get Prime Minister Thatcher/Blair/May instead of President Thatcher/Blair/May" A PM doesnt officially represent the country, just its government. This limits their ability to humiliate us as a people.
&gt; burglarized I can deal with a lot of Americanisms as being natural variation, or correct at the time they entered American usage, but this one makes no sense. It's *burgled*. The verb is *to burgle*. That's why the noun is burglary, not burglarization
It's not as dumb as it seems, really. A hi-viz is like a security guard uniform or being behind the wheel of a taxi - it lends anonymity and an authority to be hanging around or using tools where an un-uniformed person might attract attention. Think about all the times you've seen someone in a high-viz up a ladder using tools on a window-frame....
thats a British train and it looks real to me - it's in the colours of the line that served my hometown. They really are painted like that - "Class 319" per wikipedia. Its still a fake - composite of two films - though...
On the other hand your FiL gave this kid a precedent that pointing a firearm at a cop was a survivable event. Which might not benefit him, or the police force, much.
Or with sharing their porridge
Why not just buy a reliable older car? buying a Fiat was a starters mistake,but it shouldnt put you off the idea of owning instead of renting a car.
I am sorry for your loss. We're finance/techy people, we don't always think of the human angle. One thing I would say. Imagine 2 guys who are about to be made redundant: One guy has no debt, but no money in the bank either. The other has paid off his highest interest debts first, and has £50K in the bank earning interest, but has to pay £1000 a month in capital repayments on the lower interest debt. The guy who's still in debt has a much easier life when he loses his job, as he has cash and manageable outgoings. . The guy who paid off all his debt, will immediately find himself back in increasing debt at high interest rates. Having a cash reserve is the best defence against financial misery following bad luck.
Not sure they are really... Arguably the success of the leave campaign is a testimony that people didn't think they had been listened to on immigration. I don't expect people to be any happier in the future though since the immigration we are cutting off is generally of the least contentious type... People who look and think like us
If the Lib Dems are poisoned by their former leaders actions on coalition, is Corbyn's Labour unelectable because of the Iraq war ? Or is there a point where we accept that a party has changed?
&gt; "omvros", where the word umbrella comes from That's interesting. I had always assumed that 'umbrella' came from 'ombre' which means (I think...) 'shade' in French
UK born and raised but European family background
&gt; When the opposite happens you won't find a single person admitting to voting to leave and May will be completely fucked. The possibility you describe is a political situation in which a 2nd referendum could overturn the results of the first. This is not a situation that even the most optimistic of remainers seriously believes in - and I don't think you do really either. There will always be people who will proudly declare that they voted for independence on the basis that a state is better off with full independence, even if not wealthier as a result. Those guys are not few and they are not going away. Economic pragmatism and growth doesn't matter as much to them as some sort of hazy image of what the UK could be
Local factors? Or has labour got a Purge Surge as it purifies its political theories?
German and English only diverged 1600 years ago and 64% of German words resemble their British equivalent. Among European languages only Dutch is closer to German (although the four way split of Latin into Spanish, Italian , French and Romanian is closer yet)
It's a convertible, so I open the roof and then give it a good shake. (Also have 12V vacuum cleaner which is moderately effective)
decontextualised, it's a plot all on its own
Firstly, I'm a financial accountant,not a medical professional, but it sounds to me like it could be a series of minor strokes. They might be followed with a major one which leaves him not even knowing who he is and suffering major brain damage. If you love him you get him to a hospital shortly after one such attack, even if it means tying him up and putting him in the boot of the car to get him there
Thank you. Shouldn't trust my mental chronology as much as I do..
His reputation is elevated a notch with me after this.
Vurrrry noice
Because it's correct and the name of that nation includes a "the" - a distinction only shared with the Bahamas, since Ukraine formally dropped the 'the' from its own name
Head not still on. Status ambivalent
&gt; I'm no scientist Evidently
Please tell me you didnt just join reddit to thank a stranger for alluding to a disturbing concept?
Scientists feel no need to reinvent a device perfected by centuries of plumbers, to resolve a risk that doesn't exist
You can generally imply criminal from that anyway.
However when X correlates to Y, assuming / implying that person displaying X may also conform to Y, is reasonable and doesnt require or imply causation. For example - If a person tells me they live in the middle-east and are jewish I can assume they are Israeli. Could be wrong - Iran has a small jewish population &amp; Turkey has a moderate one, and it in no way assumes that jewishness is caused by being in Israel - but as an assumption that relies on a statistical correlation it is still reasonable and probably valid.
Assuming you already read your policy notes and know that you want to do the shift. This is only for modern invested-style personal pensions. Company final salary schemes cannot be migrated into personal pension plans. Also the NEST pension scheme run by the government for temps and small contractors currently can't be migrated although that will change soon * Phone old pension,ask for transfer-out form and ask for valuation at current date. Check all contact details and addresses are up to date. * Phone new pension, inform them you wish to do a transfer in. Tell them the valuation from the old pension, the pension company, and the pension policy number. * Both will send you a pack of duplicated forms to fill in and return - the form from the old pension may need to be sent to the new pension with their form. * Both will write back to acknowledge the form received. * Old pension will send a second form simply asking you to confirm you want the transfer made on the terms per the first form. Sign and return. * New pension will write to confirm receipt and investment of old pension balance. * Old pension will send a final statement. Took about 2 weeks in all. You have to confirm to both whether you have had financial advice or not, just tick no. After all you already decided to do it, hopefully for good reasons.
I like the fact that they rinsed John Prescott
I tend to always forget Edward Heath.
So frustrating that you totally failed to detect the heavy hand of irony on my words?
Kinder surprise should be banned on the basis of bad chocolate and shitty gift within
I can't strike, am not slave. Have option to resign
Ok Lenin
Swift's are driven by teenagers, insignias are driven by executives. The big one will always be cheaper to insure as the vehicle specific risk is lower. Swift's get crashed a lot
I don't think they have enough backers in parliament yet to get on the nomination list? Noone will make the mistake again of 'broadening the debate' as Corbatron only got on with borrowed votes.
Just to add to the oddity - it is perfectly legal to use a handheld CB radio while driving - its specifically exempted from the phone handset law.
My understanding is that to run, a candidate must have the backing of a set percentage of MPs. On the current balance of power in the parliamentary party I doubt one of the left would easily find nominations. Momentum can't elect a candidate who isnt on the ballot for lack of parliamentary support
I think the columnists who alienated all those of us who used to pay for the Guardian but stopped in disgust... Have already done their bit for Murdoch
If only they could find the voting station
"we broke the Panama papers. We broke the tolerance of the public for identity politics. We broke the spirits of our readers. We are broke"
And how much planning goes into that stunt? careful diet of granola and yoghurt a set number of hours before, or is it a case of turn up, bran muffin, double expresso and then lower the standard??
Momentum put a brick through it because they thought it was Jewish
It was a product of a coalition government - a rarity under our system. The lesser party was afraid that the Prime Minister - who led the greater party in the coalition - might wait until something happened that made his party look good and his coalition partners look bad, then call an election and return to power as a single-party government
Moments before her resignation was announced, BBC mentioned that she is scheduled as a panelist on Womans Hour tonight (I think)
BBC couldn't get a reaction. Nuclear Physicists get reactions.
* Cucumbers * Lubricant
eBay. Lots of people never normally wear suits, but at some time they buy one for their kids wedding, or for a funeral, or for a job interview or formal party - then gain weight, never wear it again, and sell it. I have about 18 good suits, I wasnt the first owner of any of them. Some of them came to me with the shop tags still on, unworn, I didnt pay more than £40 for any of them, including delivery. Most were £15 to £30. Most of the major semi-premium brands are among my collection.... I already knew my size but most suit shops will measure you up if looking at their stock
Posting this thread took bravery on OP's part too
Borrow tools, cut into small pieces, dispose of through the dustbin. I know someone who got rid of a caravan this way.
Looking at his profile it looks like what he wants to do is smoke weed and screw prostitutes. I think he needs focus on what he can usefully do...
Name an older relative as a named driver. You cant put them as the main driver - thats illegal - but even having older people as named drivers reduces the perceived risk. I'm in my late 30s and having a mid-40s friend of mine as a named driver STILL brings my premium down slightly !
Eurus tells Watson that a mutual friend gave the paper to her, and it was written by Faith Smith. Moriarty knew Eurus - we see that in Ep3, and Moriarty as a consulting criminal probably knew Culverton Smith, as he (Moriarty *- for avoidance of confusion*) was previously involved with the serial-killing cabbie in S1Ep1
No you can't be - no monocle
Principally concerned with tea and biscuits and a sideline on relations with the Almighty. King Henry VIII designed a church that wouldn't try to tell him what to do
No, Moriarty did. Thus proving an interest in serial killers
If your karma in a subreddit goes negative your ability to post messages in there is reduced to a few posts per hour. It's a semi-automatic quality control method
What car, what engine, how old? Really everyone should include these basic facts in any query on this board. We can't do much without that data
POTUS
This one particularly, because once you've thought about.. you start seeing them. The men in their 30s &amp; 40s walking with limps, or with missing limbs....
Could do.. if its at all times when out of gear rather than just after driving in gear, the reason is more likely to be an air leak into the intake manifold. Diesel runaway is a thing, and its the biggest risk faced by owners of older TD cars. Worth knowing something about in case it happens to you.
Yes. When you come off the accelerator the revs wouldnt immediately collapse down. But then the exact same symptom happens from an air leak. Worth revving the engine hard and looking at the exhaust for signs of blueish smoke - engine oil is heavier than diesel fuel and doesnt burn as cleanly. Unfortunately most diesel runaways are only diagnosed at the point when the leak becomes large enough to be self-sustaining. At which point the engine goes straight to full power and will keep running until it's either stalled by going into 5th gear with the handbrake up, or having the air supply cut off, or until it explodes. IMO diesel engines should never be used with automatic transmissions as a runaway situation potentially results in a car that cannot be stopped
The ban as put into place even prevents US citizens who were born in Iran from entering the USA. It's seemingly based on birthplace, not passport nationality.
How come jhyperon is still present then? It's all he does
Unexpected...
It's both the best thing he has ever said and the worst timing he has ever had
Michael Gove is basically MacAdder from Blackadder S3 - he's a fish salesman from Aberdeen (seriously!! in both cases) who came south thinking he'd lead a glorious rebellion and seize power, but actually betrayed himself for a pumped-up incompetent lacking the skills to execute his own plan
*birdass
Raedwald left us no clue on his views on Mexican or Syrian immigration
I love this sub. Thanks! Never knew. Makes sense though as the Byzantine empire still existed then?
It becomes an issue if what she doesn't have in common with them is their political opinions
On every time that I left the UK on Le Shuttle (car-transporter train from near Dover to Calais-Frethun) I did so without a passport being checked. On one occasion there was a French chap in the passport box office you have to drive thru but the barrier was up.. I slowed to a halt and he just gestured me to keep going. I hadnt even got my passport in view. Getting back in has never proved so easy.
Its a good point that one of the real-world causes of women having lower total-career earnings is the way childcare is assigned to one gender in the main..
MOT history you can look up for any vehicle, just need the maker / brand and numberplate
If ever attacked by a lion or tiger, wait for it to get close and then try to pull out its whiskers and it'll go right away
Look at the reaction of lib dem voters to the coalition government. The Lib Dems made historic changes to the UK through their participation but they were electorally punished for it by their supporters. And that was the reaction of the backers of a party which always supported PR. This country is culturally unable to deal with the process of politics among coalition governments
You are announcing your intention to do exactly that but you expect the Tories not to take it personally that you want to trash the economy. It goes both ways, see. The right is just more mature about it.
Based on this poll i still expect a Tory majority. Corbyn has been campaigning in seats his party already holds...
Economics, and brexit. While the economy is shaky and facing big risks would rather be led by those who are cautious about the idea of making changes with everyone's chequebook, and while i voted remain i feel they are fractionally less likely to totally fuck it up. These Tories are at least a little softer than the Major era Tories that i spent my early political life opposing. However i also would have preferred that Cameron stay on. Mrs Major once credited her husband with making the changes to the political space that made it safe to vote Labour. Tony's biggest legacy might be bringing the Tories a little to the left socially, if not economically
If you fall into the hands of the NHS, in general you fall into the hands of people who care.
We have seen pollsters fucking up, possibly
"Corbyn supports these rouges". Levez l'etendard rouge! Pour la gloire!
L'etendard ne tombe jamais! La Garde meurent et ne se rendent pas!
A lot of those shareholders are private pension schemes, which are mandatory for all permanent employees. Those dividends lift a load of contingent responsibility off the state by lifting people out of future poverty in old age
fleche'ing out your majority, as it were
&gt; Fuckwit. I didn't entirely agree with your main point but you were doing quite well in putting it forward and defending it until this point.
Fuck, that was one of their best policies
No, McDonnell is vermin, Abbott is just special school material
It wouldn't matter. She would no longer disgrace the Labour party by being part of it - same reason Galloway as an independent MP didn't bring the Labour party into disrepute, or Powell as a UUP MP couldn't be associated with the Tories
I said in the Atatürk era. That's after the fall of the Ottoman society that was involved in the Armenian genocide
Wonder how we can fit pork extract in a bullet.....
.. and Labour stands for disarmament !
General attitude. He sees suicide attacks on the UK as the natural consequence of our foreign policy, but more to the point he sees that as normal, as something we should expect, as something we deserve. Now I could at the time countenance the terrorists kidnapping Jack Straw or Tony Blair to kill them, but I never felt that random people on the street share guilt for something a government they may not have voted for has done. It didnt take long listening to him before I realised that in helping the Stop The War coalition, I had fallen in line with enemies of civilisation.
No, I wouldn't. I have never criticised Diane Abbott for sending her children to a better school. A parent's duty to their children overrides any duty to the state or Party. I would have every school of that standard ideally.
&gt; look at the legislation he was opposing (detention without charge, stop and search, mass data collection etc.) Corbyn's Labour party voted **in favour** of the Investigatory Powers Act, also known as the Snoopers Charter. So this is a lie.
Pfft. Even you don't believe that, you just feel obligated to stand behind him. It's Corbyns nonsense that's driven the sensible Labour voters like me to back the Tories this time
No true trotsman fallacy
Corbyn as in the same guy in the viral video where he says he can't support the shoot on sight policy which saves lives on Saturday?
Farronated
Apart from anything else right now the outcome is far too uncertain to justify a post like that..
He was an anti nationalist Zionist. Not a political identity we see much today. Tbh nobody could guess which way he would fall today.
I am 39, in a Labour marginal, and a lifetime Labour supporter. voting Tory to rid the Labour party of the loathsome vermin that have taken it over
Just think, we could have had an electable labour party putting forward policies that work. You can thank the Labour unions and membership for the fact that labour is not a palatable choice
Corbyns policies are horrifying. He believes in things, to reuse an expert's phrase, to which the twentieth century stands as an extended rebuttal. It's all disproved, the economic claims are laughable. The Tories are nasty but competent, that will do for now
Arriving in a fur lined white van
Hah!
Not at all. I am working class. In the great recession of 1990ish my family lost nearly everything. We never really recovered. I learned then that a government which permits an economic recession has committed a greater crime against the working class than any amount of normal Tory thuggery. The Tories are scum but they have a better record on economic growth and responsible public finances in the years since that hard lesson, which was caused by a budget which made huge increases in the money supply. I would never willingly see another working class family suffer like we did. I will never vote for any party that would be reckless with the economy. I am a social democrat and i am voting Tory for socialist reasons
Seeing it from that point of view - which I hadn't - you speak a great deal of sense
I don't think even Jeremy ever imagined that, in election week, a series of polls would put him within the margin of error of beating an incumbent May. He's done better than any of us expected. It's pre-killed off several jokes at his expense. He hasn't ever formed a plan to gain the critical extra percentage point....
I suspect the EU opinion of Britain's leaders has always been "What Le Fuck?" and little changes.
Normal For Nottingham
Labour used to use postal voting in Muslim areas to make sure that the head of the family votes the right way for all his women and children. This has been proven by a court of law.
PooGov
Does it? I thought fat smooths out wrinkles.
Wasn't him, i am talking about the prosecuted case in West mids
Got holidays later this month. Quite pleased at having already done half a month's work while driving Corbynistas apoplectic on here during my tea breaks
You normally have an elegant turn of phrase. Not today
This is how economics works
&gt; that it was an opportunity for such a thing. !!
Yeah, I first wandered cluelessly into here just as the EU ref was called.. and spent a while getting totally slaughtered in karma points... initially problematic as it limited my ability to contribute Very soon after though this proved an excellent debating-space to meet and be challenged by other viewpoints. It will be again.
Towel
Corbyn also spent half the campaign iin labour seats judging from the coverage
Yes. Labour at heart, voted Tory in hope of getting a new labour leader who i can bear to vote for. If May wins I will be rejoining the Labour party tomorrow morning
Do you have any idea of the annual death toll attributable to unemployment and life on benefits? It dwarfs that. You save more lives and make them longer, healthier and more productive through not crashing the economy. It's the truth. It may not fit your touchy feely emotional 'facts' but it's serious politics for serious people. You want McDonnell as chancellor, you kill tens of thousands extra and you accept that cost for feeling good. And you dare.claim the moral high ground. If you are a serious socialist, vote Tory today
Eventually he left it outside the main rail station on a Friday night with key on ignition and drivers window open with internal light on. The stationmaster moved it into the staff car park to keep it safe. Thanks Silverlink...
A better question is 'but are they earning more than they would on benefits' and the answer universally is yes, due to the changes the Tories have made to the national minimum wage
I will be joining the Labour party tomorrow if may wins. Time to rally round the responsible labour party and try to save it
the Guardian meanwhile are kicking themselves for not engineering a sales surge in the same fashion
Fuck
Well lets be fair, that was never going to happen. Those of us proven wrong generally thought this election a smart move. Unless this poll is wrong - this election has been a disaster for May, and the Tories
you look lovely, a real woman with confidence and reasons for it.
Gays in the UK have equal marriage rights and in NI they don't as the DUP, a Christian party, have blocked them
Brexit policy: "I want to break free" Foreign policy: "Las Palabras de amor" Transport policy: "I want to ride my bicycle"
&gt; ~~a polling forecast~~ &gt; every polling forecast
&gt; the party will get absolutely trounced In the Conservatives favour, at this point it looks like Corbyn is in it for the long term. Moderate Labour figures can't say he failed the electoral test, that makes it harder to get rid. And several years for him to be non-campaign-Jeremy and see how that goes down
And not having that skill in her cabinet, slating the opposition, instead of in the media and slating her
Thanks. I hadn't but that's very telling
assuming they arent DCC. Bring your car's battery into the house, and wire it to the rails to power each locomotive. The 12v DC a battery gives is a LOT smoother than rectified DC from an old train controller. You might find if they run smooth on battery power that its a problem with the motor setting up harmonic vibrations caused by the ripples in the power from a transformer. A more modern controller might help with that
Like an American car or American democracy, it's a european invention made worse
Can also be caused by misuse of Hondas
They posted up a bill the ducks canardly read
I dare say they share some of the same calculating view about 'best outcome' getting what your people want before what's good on a broader sense - but only that
As Hammond is now Chancellor you'd think Osborne would have other targets
May is the deadest walking woman . . . . . IN THE WORLD
Call us when you have content
That's kind of where I was getting to. Corbyn would not want to be associated with the man behind Drogheda. No left-wing leader would. Most 17th century leaders were pretty appalling people at some level. Catholicism was OC's big blind spot
yes, they are more fun because of the guilt
If this is true why was there no Muslim army in the field when Monty and Rommel went head to head in the heart of the Islamic world?
I suspect we would find if it wasn't such a dangerous issue that people have different degrees of objections to different groups of immigrants.
I agree that this is the case. I think it's more an aspect of the party's instincts than a real left right division
Maybe just the attraction to a big chopper
It was probably Callaghan's finest hour when he decided that a few more days of government wasn't worth a human life.
I am off to the kiiiiitchurn Wanna kipper tie ?
You are making the error of comparing the body count, not the body uncount. If a million pounds saved ten thousand civilians from terrorism but only one thousand civilians from car crashes, you wouldn't know it but you wouldn't let that affect your evaluation. You don't know and can't know the actual deaths from a world that didn't make those expenses
Backward twats
Linking hyperon is cheating ;-)
He is the only anarchist in the village
Birdshitebart
It's what I call The Canary
The DUP are vermin. Their claim to represent Britishness is an insult to a nation that would be better off without them
He's howling mad
Since when is central government sign off needed for any renovations to a non listed building​? No minister will even have known about the work unless they drove past it and saw it happening
Property does not just mean housing. The message you referred to is using the broader sense and is 100% correct
Am I or am I not 100% correct? (hint: its the former, there was no duty for K&amp;C council to refer this to any minister, and they therefore presumably didn't). If - as it may seem - the use of combustible cladding was illegal the buck stops well below ministerial level. Try as hard as you like, this was a council not a government fuckup
It's still a step up from Damascus. (Am not serious about this)
I wholeheartedly agree.
Don't publicise it. You run the risk of getting yourself or your g/f murdered by her family if they are from the relatively small extreme sects.
That's surprising. Is it the fear of Corbyn coming to power or just fear of rocking the boat as we enter uncertain seas?
Creating mayhem
Yes, they did. The natural place for Labour is in power and talking sense, not spouting populist nonsense from opposition
Cameron?
Ok, understood now.
cameraperson was blown onto side
I would say that in general the non EU migration , particularly family reunion visas, was always the most objectionable and has given rise to our most troublesome second generation natives. Weird how all the focus was on generally harmless and hard working eastern European blue collar workers who actually came here to do a good job and make no effort at all to change our culture, rather than those who want us to become a clone of the shitty substandard second world states their parents had the sense to flee
Not all terrorists are mentally ill. Agreed. All fundamentalist religious terrorists are mentally ill? Yup.
Why?
Every poor person with a full time job has pension contributions being invested in shares. There are more stakeholders than the obvious and wealthiest ones
Nah. Put a competent person (not Johnson) in charge of Tories and they will be back to pre election lead over Labour. I am stunned that May lost it so badly, but it was the Tories who lost their majority, not Corbyn taking it off them
Sadiq can fuck right off. That creates a perverse incentive to start fires. We should never offer amnesties in any circumstance that undermines the basis of immigration law - that nobody should arrive without permission
Islamophobe became a useless smear in recent months as those who are certainly guilty of it started replying "it's not irrational to be afraid of Islam"
He also claims not to be old enough to have been a member of two different parties yet, on other occasions. Compulsive liar, disregard
Or cows fear us
Where would you designate for those functions?
Or sometimes as compensation for breach of contract, as this might be
A person just inside the 40% threshold would be paying upwards of £800 a month on income tax + NIC. Coincidentally, £800 is a fairly typical monthly number for unemployment benefit (JSA) + housing benefit for a 19 y/o (given that he's unlikely to get a HB award to rent a whole property at that age) So the other poster might claim that what this person claims is effectively all his tax money for that month
Maybe the problem was a lack of candidates. I find Johnson repellent but his comments that he has no intention of seeking the leadership before brexit is completed are telling. It's a poison chalice
Another John Major then. Understated and grey...
Or Spreadsheet Phil
I joined the Labour party under Blair, who brought good social policy with effective economic policy. Corbyn only stands for social policy. My parents suffered greatly in the recession of the 90s and i never want to see any more working class people like us put through that again. I vote for economics first because it has more of an effect than social policy on the poor
I said they would have moral influence on the Tories, not that they would influence the morals of the Tories. Incidentally well done getting the "Le Evil Tory" meme in here. I am sure it will be vigorously upvoted. Now lunch break is over, get back to class.
Lets start a poster campaign for that. Oh wait
Not waving, but *falling*
Dub it over as *Fail*
also, his smiley is facing the wrong way.
Said the knights
The one sitting next to me on my office could pass for Irish or Spanish easily. As could another colleague
This thread is a shitshow. A race to the bottom, from people who claim not to be into bottoms
Where do you live? Let's find out.
Generally disappointed. The recent trend on political debate is that pro Corbyn voices reflect a loud and active proportion of that sub. Those voices dedicate themselves to fairness in society. They , and their downvotes, are missing in that thread, and for once, needed
reckon he said "Oh my god" - anyone actually able to lip-read?
Its got pretty close already if you're into avant-garde poetry
I own a 2-door car (Saab 900 convertible) and frequently give colleagues lifts. The answer is, you don't. It's tremendously amusing to me as I am the only one guaranteed a front seat ride. (When I have the roof open, back seat passengers simply stand up and walk out &amp; its very easy) In 2 years, nobody has yet entered or left the rear seats over the sidewall. I'm sure it should be possible.
I voted Tory. It seemed like the least worst option. Dislike May, hate the apparent incompetence, still find the idea of Corbs as PM to be more alarming on economic grounds and consequently on everyone's future.
surely it should be The_Resa ?
recent events in the UK suggest that a parachute is a useful first possession for tower-block residents
I'm going with 'mentally inadequate cockwomble'
this is no thyme for bad punchlines
Not really fair. I may still have new labour centrist pretensions but I'm not left-wing but I've been made nothing but welcome here, and my postings have been defended by people who post here
Of course it was.
I wonder if Cornwell has a reddit account. I'd love to see him weigh in on that
I suspect that a jolt at exactly the right angle, perhaps caused by a pot-hole in the road, could cause the suspension to completely collapse at that side. God alone knows what stress the thing is under if it's only supported by loose bolts that have punched through steel sheet. I don't want to be on the same roads as that death-trap
creamily smooth
