Your doing yourself a disservice by playing without a joystick. A hotas makes a world of difference
If you knowingly keep that information from someone, that's an absolutely terrible violation of trust, and I would consider someone who does that to be the lowest form of human being. I don't know what country your in, but in my country that's illegal as far as I know, and for good reason.
Toys section of Wal-Mart sells various priced water guns.
The issue I had with my rail asp is the 4 small rails and the 2 medium rails don't fire at the same time. I would swap between the small and medium in combat. Eventually I ended up going to a full multicannon setup. 4 small and 2 medium multicannons shred targets.
A ligar
Vulture after t6, then a t7, then an asp. I ran the vulture/asp combo doing combat and rare runs. I found the asp excellent for running rares. The t6 has good range, but your far less vulnerable in the asp. From the vulture/asp combo I went to the center python. It's been my main ship despite adding the fdl and the anaconda.
It's also the cheapest built stick I have ever seen. I took the dive on it knowing the bad reviews, and it's held up, but it's light, and feels super cheap. It creeks and has lots of play in the stick. It's got a shit load of buttons, lots are of no use for elite, and the 3 hats on the stick seems silly as its very awkward to use. I'd advise against it, but to each their own. If you were in Canada I'd sell you mine.
This only applies to people trying to jump to supercruise. You cannot mass lock a ship that is jumping to another system.
The wings of 4 pythons interdicting and killing single commanders is pathetic. Elite Dangerous : assholes in space
Each system is its own level. When you jump to a new system, that's essentially a loading screen.
I have never done any mining, but am thinking about trying. My anaconda is collecting dust atm, so I might as well try that. What's involved for mining? Do I need a lot of mining lasers, or is 2 enough? I assume I need a refinery, cargo space, and drones to collect?
Hard point placement wise, the type 9 may be better than using my anaconda...
Gta v style insurance. Someone murders you, they bite the cost. It's how insurance works in the world. Discourage pointless murder, be good reason for the thousands of solo traders to play open.
To get solo traders in open, you need to reduce the number of pointless murders. Changing the insurance so the killer pays the rebuy, may help reduce the chances of a trader getting killed by another player just for fun.
Few months ago my work became so stressful that I started getting anxiety attacks. I sacked up my pride and talked to my doctor, who prescribed an anti depressant. Now I feel much better. The worry is still there, but my stress peaks and valleys is more smooth, I'm able to keep things in perspective. It probably saved my life. Side effect... I have the runs all day, every day.
She has an awesome ass.
I like the word "respected". Thinks back to getting jumped and murdered last week by cosmic state goons
lol, I'll post what I please.
I don't see how an hour of bounty hunting only got you 40k. Even a wanted sidewinder can be that much. With a cheap kws, you should be pulling in 20x that in an hour
Tossing mild insults and then telling someone to be diplomatic.... Ha
Didn't read the whole thing, but the reality is this game is still in beta. Retail or not, it's buggy as all he'll and lacking in features. Powerplay is a giant bowl of hot trash. Mixing in a civilization style meta at this point in development seems to be a bad decision. I know lots of people who have left because the game needs atleast a years development before it's up to par. You own the game, if it's not feeling right, nothing stopping you from leaving and returning when it's in a more complete state.
In all my time I have never bothered to visit a belt cluster. I have always been disappointed with stations. The outposts and orbis star ports have some variations, and the coriolis has 2 variations.... It's so boring. Every system feels the same. I'd like to see shipyards, slave stations, giant military outposts, solar generating stations, deep space research outposts, huge recycling barges that drift around systems...massive faction star bases. Giant space scrap yards. Games like X have lots of variety and the universe feels alive. Elite feels very empty.
Experiences like this are rare, but great to hear about.
Been there myself, I know your pain Count yourself lucky the friction didn't lead to bleeding and a subsequent infection.. Worst 4 weeks of my life. Well written
Cool story.
Don't be a sore looser. If you run from a pirate, your asking to be killed. When your pirated, you either submit to the demands, negotiate your way out, or run and die. 100% of the time I pirate someone, if they responded to communication things go well. And most of the time, if the player I pirate makes a case for it, I let them go with only a few units of cargo. Of the 4 people I pirated last night, one ran, and I left him crippled. One I only asked for 2 units because he had a bounty and was a new player, the other two I let go free because they made a case for it.
I'm shaking in my boots. But hey, add me to your contact list. Your free to take a crack at me anytime you please.
The lave cluster is a lot more calm these days than before powerplay.
Piracy is a negotiation. If you have to forcibly take the cargo, you have done it wrong.
Waaah waaah Killing is OK. Stealing is OK. Corrupting entire star systems is OK. Galatic war is OK. Slavery and drugs are ok. Espionage is totally over the line? This adds to the experience. Go toss wet blankets somewhere else.
Hahahaha
Turrets are terrible, the damage reduction is brutal. Fixed is best, gimball is the most practical. The viper is by far, a better ship, and it's hard to outfit it poorly. I enjoyed a mix of beams and multicannons, but I also enjoyed a full multicannon build aswell as running pure rail guns.
Grind it to the viper. If you find someone to help you, hit a res and knock off a few bounties. Two dropships or clippers and you have 200-300k, and your into a viper in no time. I spent less then an hour in my sidewinder.
A thargoid threat will be a unification of the players. Right now we are all split, fighting for different factions. Bring in a threat that surpasses other threats and enemies will work towards a single goal. ..... Or it will fracture it. Part of me wants to see a mass wave of thousand of players moving towards a front to meet the enemy. Think of the community goals. War parties, search and rescue. Supply the front line systems, evacuate civilians, material supplies to build capital ships. Giant space battle escorting fleets of civilian evacuation ships. Same time, have groups that will try to take advantage of the situation. Rouge groups that run and try to colonize a system on the other side of the Galaxy. The alien war allows for huge story arcs. Much more interesting than the stupid powerplay stories
Most doors are made from fiberboard. So toxic glues, paints, plastics.
Nhl games. Resogun, the witcher 3
Google a video. Any description wouldn't do it justice. Also, Diablo 3 on console is actually really good, much better than pc.
I'd steal every pair of Emma stones panties.
Would bang
I'd murder the he'll out of all the cheerios, fruit loops and corn pops
A fedora Or a vape
For me, predator... Was my live for so many years.... Fury road though.... That shit is flawless.
Your statement that America only does what you claim is prejudice and ignorant. I see just as much positive about America as I see them slamming others.
I got drunk and screwed a bunch of girls. Gave me fuckload of confidence
Your ignorant to suggest that all Americans do that. And yet most other countries like to do the same thing towards America
Medical yes, recreation no
More tits
Obama. Always Obama
Ten points good sir
Incomplete without a photo of you in your underwear.
See her tits often in true blood.... Only reason to watch that show.
The frozen song.
I mean, see true blood for her outstanding acting talent. Not for her gap teeth and amazing buttermilk tits.
This right here. Or pizza
These people clearly have never known how glorious girl on girl porn is.
Why do you want to do that?
Diamondback or asp. Combat effective, cargo capacity and jump range. Makes for the ideal rare trading ship.
All power plants are easy to hit.
Angles with filthy soules It's a fake movie made just for home alone. I heard they included it in DVD special features.
Like others have said, the viper is probably the best one.
Masters of the universe
In Ontario we generate less than 0.05% of our power from wind and it's costing almost the same as the other 99.05%
Bring your wallet. Elite dangerous as a current, and cheaper alternative
Nope, I made that up. But, Ontario has spent something like 100 billion on wind power and it has never, ever, generated even 1% of our used power. That and we pay the companies that operate the windmills 3-5x per kwh than we do nuclear or gas. We have one of the most powerful generating stations at Niagara Falls sitting idle. We have so much excess power we PAY northern states to take it from us. We regularly pay Bruce power to vent the excess heat from the nuclear stations because we are not using them. Costs hundreds of thousands. Wind power has bankrupted Ontario.
Nerfed? Naw dude, one of the powers even gives huge bounty bonus.
Oh Toronto
Should read up on your elite dangerous as you appear to be misinformed. Both are works in progress, and for core components, they are the same. Both billed as sandbox space simulators. To your points, the only notable difference between ed and SC is that SC may have a fps component. That being said, Ed has fully modeled interiors and the ability to walk around in ships, stations and planets is in the works. So no, it's not a cockpit simulator. To your point that SC is a fps, no, it's a space ship simulator. The fps is a side addition. Not the other way around. I own both, spent hundreds on SC. SC may have more fps, but ed has a drastically bigger universe. Ed is a fantastic alternative as SC is years away.
I try not to kill other commanders. And anytime I do its usually in defence. Past few days I have been near lhs 3447 or whatever the starting system is. I was in a res with my anaconda helping some new players along when I hit a npc cop and became wanted. I melted the 3 police Eagles that were pestering me and was making my way out of the ring and 2 commanders, one in a viper, other in a cobra decided to go after my bounty. I warned them and ended up putting both down to 5% health. One drifted, other spun until he smashed against my shields.
Turrets will attack on their own. I outfitted my anaconda for defence in a res and put 20 units of gold in the cargo. Pirates would scan and attack, turrets returned fire. In low intensity it's only sidewinders, cobras and adders, and my ship managed with little issue. I was able to sit hands off for an hour to see how it went. Profit was minimal, 300k in an hour. Not worth the risk. I can't imagine a cz working. Even if turrets worked properly, even a tanked anaconda wouldn't survive without the user firing cells.
I was running 4 fixed medium pulse and a large gimball pulse on the bottom.
I have been in that system for a few days with my python and anaconda helping new players, bit last night atleast a dozen skilled pilots rolled in and we're wrecking cmdrs all over.
I would sing them to death.
This is a game where death can mean days of grinding gone. If you gotta go, go
Space sandbox. Combat, trading, piracy. Billions of star systems. Learning curve, but top notch game.
Kinguin was fine. I got mine there. Ship, week of premium and a walk of gold for $9. I haven't heard of anyone who got hosed from them.
The French did it better.
If the invasion didn't pork their plans, the French had one of the biggest and meanest ships ever made, right up there with the Yamato. Dual front quad turrets....
But they actually made the Richelieu class. Despite its problems, was an epic design.
holy shit. Im at nearly $65 with nothing but dabloons and half a dozen camo
I take rudder shift on everything but a few of the USN destroyers.
Yep, it's how I evade so many torps
Ranked isn't about extended brawls. It's about fast decisive strikes. Mogami is good for suppressing destroyers, but not far more than that.
Great video. I did the USN line to the Baltimore but haven't really used it more than 3 or 4 times since I got it a month ago. I was considering free xp to the des moins, but the zao seems like a much better boat. So I started the ign cruiser line and I am working the myoko. I haven't used it much as my division mates are all far behind me, but I'm really liking it. I find it just slams AP into anyone who sails sideways. Part of me is not looking forward to the Mogami as I hate high angle. The zao looks awesome. Worst part is sitting on 20,000 gold.... The temptation to jump to a TX is brutal.
Story of my fucking life.
Cruisers who shoot 7km torps at enemies 17k away.....
My new Mexico has been one of my best ships, but it's boring as hell. The fuso plays more exciting. It feels like a faster reload and turret traverse. With my Mex, I push and brawl. My fuso is great for pushing too, as once your within 14km, it's accuracy is outstanding. It's real hard to say what one I think is better. My fuso has my highest damage game, my Mex has a better win rate and more consistent damage . My fuso gets more kills and occasionally gets those one man army matches where it goes full kraken. I find the nagato boring as fuck.
Problem is this game is simply not hitting the player numbers it needs. If they combined the Eu and Na servers, you would have the numbers, but otherwise, not a chance.
secret santa payouts are extremely better than normal buying.
is there a place where this is listed?
Thanks
As someone who has played a decent amount of Mexico and fuso games, the warspite has always been an easy target. It lacks the forward firepower to front gun charge, and if it tries to use its rear guns, I always punish it with the Mexico or fuso. If used properly it can be a brawling beast, but more often than not, I put it down easily. I have only ever been killed by a warspite once, and it came in to deal a 7k deathblow to my nagato as I was fighting a tirpitz and being bombed. It's not a bad ship, and it looks great...but it's not better than other ships in its tier and I find the fuso and Mexico drastically outclass it.
Mex should be fine. I kept my Mexico and fuso for ranked. As well the Murmansk is great. Myoko and York, and my nuberg will get a few games in. After that, the wica(Polish dd) Kiev, nagato, and my new north Carolina. If the tirpitz comes out, I want to get it(not just for ranked, but higher tier credit generation). I'm hoping the wica and North Carolina will be enough to get me to rank1
Well said. I admit I didn't read it all, but when your high enough to fight a lex, you should know your not helping by chasing after a cv. All your doing is being a selfish dick chasing a kill. This is a class based team game. If you don't do your job, everyone on your team gets a loss, and at that tier, it's costing people credits. If you wanna be a tool and chase cvs, play coop or training room.
All the big banks. They are fucking everyone
As it was in life. It's like bring you pet to work day... Everyone else brings cats, dogs or turtles, and Japan brings GODZILLA!
French Richelieu with quad turrets
No, but it demonstrates the ability for giant fucking shells to change direction.
Thanks, with only around 2k games, I didn't know that. :)
You mean ignorant American girls. The rest of the world isn't as narrow minded as you think.
Impressively stupid comment sir. I'm curious how you have Internet, but no knowledge of soap. The rest of the world has known how to keep clean for over a thousand years without mutilating our dicks.
Just because you are incapable of keeping yourself clean, doesnt mean the rest of the world has not....but I shouldnt bring them up, because all non-american girls have AIDs as you claim....Real shame, especially with all those platinum blonde Scandinavian women. You poor, ignorant boy.
It's still an excellent boat
Yah, haven't seen the video in a bit. Guy is still brutal. They should track damage done to team and ban accordingly. But it's not even Matt just killing players.... It's firing torps at friendly players forcing them to evade and often exposing them to the enemy.
NM, cleve and murmansk are all great for ranked
Personally I take the extra speed and faster turning of the Kiev over it anyway. The tash is a sloth
yup
Being frustrated is what ranked is all about. Otherwise they would let us use divisions. Forcing strangers to work as a team in a zero mistake match is a lesson in pain.
awesome, thanks man!
Situation depending though. I have been caught far outta position before because I'm the only one who knows there is a dd going wide
eventually you will have ships in every tree line. Go cruisers first.
I think his point is that you will see some with 1000 games experience, and some with 5 games in total. When anyone can buy their way into a tier8 ship, your going to find loads of players who are bad, exponentially more than you will with any other tier8 ship. For the most part I agree that lots of tirpitz players are terrible, more than any other t8 battleship. I am in agreement that for the most part, it's shitty players with an excellent ship. Of course there are lots of skilled players too. As for the citadel, I agree with the op. I have over 2,000 matches in this game and I can count on one hand how many citadels I have gotten on the derpitz.
Good video. After watching one of your previous atego videos I ended up purchasing it with my Santa gold. I have the myoko, but the atego is a beast. And shit, it makes silver like crazy. I haven't had a match that made less than 400,000cr From watching your video, I think I want to get the incoming fire warning perk.... Seems like a good way to protect that citadel.
Matt_the_brat anyone?
its fucking brutal. premium ships costing nearly $100
https://play.google.com/music/listen?authuser&amp;u=0#/wst/situations/L7yiwi3gananve6fa7edwil6d5m
56.41% 1 star from rank 11 been rolling bad teams. they just scatter in the wind and die. 5 games tonight, won 3, but me and my atego have been first in every single one. I can only carry a team so far. How am I getting paired with guys who have 30% winrate?
Both are great ships, but if you want the better combat vessel, the atego is your boat. Every boat can be great in the right hands. If the atego was in the tech tree, she could be a t9, at the least she is the best t8. The Russian feels to me like a mid t8 to a top t7. The Russian looks great though.
Atego The Russian is a distant second, the Atlanta shouldn't even be considered.
I carry. Nearly all the matches I am top spot, win or loose. The only time I recall not being top was one match where I got smoked early in by a friend of mine who was on the other team. I had hoped there would be a sorting system to keep shit players and good players apart. I went 3 matches last night with a Benson on my team and each time, he said straight through a, wouldn't even torp, and die without firing a shot....and yet had over 1k games.
We have a hydro grid thats hardly being used. We pay others to take our excess. cut hydro rates to everyone, and even more to businesses. Take GM in Oshawa. Offer them free Hydro for 10 years on the condition that they run that plant at full capacity and at industry standard wages. Boom! over 50,000 good job. take a grocery store for example. lets use made up numbers but lets pretend they pay $100,000 a year in hydro. Reduce that cost to $20,000 on the condition that of the $80,000 saved, they would have to put $40,000 of that saved money into employee wages or new workers....On the books they still save $40,000. It may seem like its just a circle of the same money, but our interest rates mean an overall savings and its a stronger tax pool. our hydro capacity is basically free stimulus. Instead of trying to get water from stone, use it to encourage growth. but hey, Wynne is a fucking idiot
Look at those frakin secondaries!
Wow, that's crazy
The Murmansk will get you 200-300k on average per match. The atego will get you 350-450k average per match. My atego gets me no less than 400k every round, with as high as 808,000cr
yes
If they bring out the Bismarck, they will just give it better dispersion.
Your not giving them more money. To give that raise, companies have to raise prices. Everything else inflates. What good is making twice as much if everything doubles in price. If it costs $15 to have a worker pick a bucket of apples, and suddenly you have to pay him $30 for that same bucket of apples, you have to increase the prices. So if the apple cost $1 before, now it costs $2. And your thinking "OK, so no harm, everything increases equally" but it won't. It increases exponentially. Higher tax rates. Take your burger at McDonald's. It cost $2 before, but it has to increase to cover the double wages of not only the burger flipper, but that of the cashier, cleaner, delivery driver, taxes across the board etc. That $2 burger doesn't goto $4, it ends up going to $5 or $6.....and then the system crashes. Raising the min wage hurts more than it helps.
It was a good movie, but I don't think it was anything to write home about. It was a big movie and it came out right at award time... Mad max I thought was the best movie in the past 5 years.
Kathleen Wynne Aside from destroying the Ontario economy and leading the world's largest non sovereign debt, all while being openly corrupt and under half a dozen criminal investigations.... But she is the most fucking ugly person on earth. How that wretched pig smiles as she tells millions of people that she is taking all their money makes me want to vomit. I want to punch her in the face with a train.
I know my country, Canada, will not be involved. My glorious leader will declare his allegiance to ISIS and use every dollar we have to bring every extremist to our land for a giant new years Eve party, Germany style.
I'll be stabbed by an extremist for making goat-fucking jokes about Mohammad.
Just run atego in random. without trying, I got my 150 plane kills in 3-4 days.
The ign t3 and t4 battleships offer very little experience to the game play of future battleships....nothing you won't pickup in half a dozen matches anyways. And anyone who has found this reddit has heard of angling.
There once was a game called elite that said it would have planetary landings.... And then they charged $70 for dlc. Zing
Your joke as flat as a can of rc cola that's been left open for 36hours
Movie was hot garbage with one good falcon scene.
2016 was to be when it went mainstream, but then they decided to double the cost to users and price it out of mainstream for half a decade. When vr units are costing more than a ps4, xbone and a TV combined, they are irrelevant to the success of a system.
Joke entry me 1 Joke entry you 0
I mean the movie was crap and had one good scene.
In my frozen wasteland of Canada, the base game that I purchased in beta cost me $77 and horizon cost $70. So Yah.... Over $140 for Ed for me. When it came out, horizon cost as much as a AAA title.
The Muslim invasion. And then blackness
The Big Short. Nothing worse than the truth that we are all getting fucked.
I have an 1850sq ft home in kanata Water is 120 every 2 months I think. Gas is $90 Hydro is around $200 a month.
I'm always happy to criticize my team. If they play like morons and are not told, they will never learn. I haven't played ranked in a week, but if I'm in rank 9 with over 60% win ratio, and your rank 15 with less than 30% win ratio and your charge in and die in the first 90 seconds.... I'm going to let you know how you fucked up. I may even pm you to let you know what you did wrong and suggest you remain in coop until you learn that a mahan shouldn't rush a tirpitz firing ap and not torps.
Force awakens had a shit load.
Tom is awesome. Heath studied him for his role as the joker.
Easily the worst movie I have ever seen.
Property tax increases, but utilities should be the same. Homes will use more hydro/gas depending on how old they are. My home is 6 years old so it's reasonably efficient.
Yep, and I even had to watch that 50shades movie with my wife. Even worse than the airbuddies sequels..... Worse than home alone 4
An example of a movie that knows how silly it is, and still manages to be excellent is "pain and gain". Furious 7 was a 0/10 movie. I went with a bunch of friends and I convinced them to see it instead of Chapie.... First time I stood up and booed a movie. My friends still have not forgiven me. It's a shame Paul will be remembered for it and not an actual good movie like "hours"
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/seth-abramson/40-unforgivable-plot-holes-in-star-wars-the-force-awakens_b_8850324.html http://screenrant.com/star-wars-7-force-awakens-unexplained-plot-points/ http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3374961/Oops-FARCE-Yes-love-fans-asking-ludicrous-Star-Wars-time.html
So glad our Na server has such a massive population.
And that gets u what? 20 pearls?
Iowa guns have brutal dispersion, so accuracy should always be your priority.
I heard lots of people saying "vote obama". That's pretty dumb.
Compared to other outlets that received $150,000,000 liberal raise on top of the $2,000,000,000 a year funding and ran anti-conservative ads, anti-conservative shows, refused to report on major liberal scandal until after the election, etc.
CBC gets approx $2billion a year from our taxes. Trudeau promised them $150million increase per year. CBC ran a fuckload of anti-Harper propaganda. Seriously? you don't know about the CBC liberal bias? Even your beloved Peter Mansbridge is openly Liberal...If you think that doesn't make its way into CBC programming, your outta your mind. Kathleen Wynne and Trudeau were joined at the hip, and the CBC learned of the teachers union payout scandal from the Globe a week before the election, but refused to break the story until after the election as it could harm Trudeau. Pretty sure there is.
Keep drinking your kool-aid http://news.nationalpost.com/news/canada/cbc-tries-to-hide-its-happy-face-as-liberals-and-ndp-vow-to-pump-up-funding-for-public-broadcaster http://cbcexposed.blogspot.ca/
I find it surprisingly fun boat after all the bad press leading up to it. The HE has a great, flat trajectory and really good range for its tier. Its decent for starting fires, and really good for thumping destroyers.
Motherfuckin TRUTH
That's what I though....silent when black and white facts are presented. Face it, your a sheep.
I completed the Kongo last week without trying. 150 planes just happens. Got the myoko last night. I had been running my Russian and Polish destroyers as well and working my York, the fires took me 3 days without trying. I banged out the million myoko damage in a few hours last night. Protip When you see an enemy plane or planes, press left control and use your mouse to click on the planes. This prioritizes then planes and give your AA 50% more effective AA ability. Should double the amount of planes you take down a game.
There is zero punishment for team killers and no in game managers to police this stuff. I have seen a pile of trolls in ranked. Looks like some who got tired of grinding and go in to fuck with people. FYI matt_the_brat just changed his name.
Just play the game. I never paid attention to the missions and I got both ships already just through regular play.
Well, he made a statement, basically insulting people and comparing them to cheats, then runs a high road saying he just wants to have a discussion and anyone who feels otherwise is a troll or a cheat....that and declaring anyone who likes the torp lead indicator as a shit player. Snapping at people.... Down votes for being an asshole.
The Kiev, even with the Nerf, is so fucking good. 14km range with aft, high velocity, low angle shells, 48knts with the speed flag and boost, turns on a dime. The Benson is totally op right now, but any other dd, they spot you first, so as soon as your spotted, boost and change angle. At 48knts your going to spot the other dd real quick and your guns hit like a freight train. I always go for the engines first to make the speed gap even larger. 2-3 salvos later and you have a kill and the other player is wondering what the fuck just happened. Even against USN cruisers who can fire 10 torps at you from one side, sailing in you should be able to do enough damage and turn into the torps fast enough to not get hit. At range over 10km you can snipe destroyers as their shells have 2x the hang time. You can easily beat the shit outta cruisers and battleships too. With 14km range and over 44knts, a BB is going to have a hard time hitting you. Move and shoot. Always be shooting.
Vikings Now it's a relationship drama.
Spartacus When your lead actor dies in real life, don't continue with a shit replacement.
Picked one up after seeing this thread.... Forgot how op this ship is 3 games and 14 kills...
And the room full of rational Muslims stay silent.... All 6 of them
BTW, did you hear that the mother of one of the terrorists who massacred 130 people in France is suing France for killer her son?
What do you think about his "diverse" minister of international trade saying we have to respect and support sharia law including Honor killings and female genital mutilation?
6 Canadians murdered in Islamic terrorist attacks last week and his response is to goto a Peterborough mosque and prays with them...
Having the lowest dollar in over a decade. Not to mention he will triple his promised yearly debt this year.
What about rolling out the red carpet for Muslim refugees and granting them immediate citizenship, while other refugees, form African Nations like Uganda, have to wait half a decade?
Praying at a Toronto mosque where the imam calls for death to the Jews....
Don't forget his economic plan. "the budget will balance itself" Glad that liberal art degree will help him run a nation.
Listen, America is in a bad place right now. Your front runners are absolutely brutal. But here in Canada, Trudeau is a disaster. Muslim stance aside, he economic policies are outrageous. His father was a terrible leader, and he has even less sense. Our economy is in ruin, and we survived off our oil production, but Trudeau and his liberals have canned that whole industry. His spending is exponentially higher than anyone before him.... But none of it is stimulus. Taxes are going up, debt is exploding, dollar is plummeting. As for weed... Thats someone he sold to get votes, but we won't see that for years, because like him promising to bring in 25,000 refugees before last December when we were only capable to do 1/3 of that(and even then, we have put them up in hotels because we don't have facilities to handle them), he just tosses out promises without knowing what's involved in achieving things. His 4 year plan is to run debt for the first 3 years(even though his first year will be triple what he promised) and then snap his fingers and balance the books and oat everything down magically in the 4th year. That's a liberal arts degree.... A gold spoon elitist rich kid from a rich family. 2 years ago as an MP, he only showed up for work 1/3 of the time.
Sorry to go off like that. I don't have links on me as I'm stuck shopping with wife and kids, but when I get in, I'll send u want I can. The weed thing is odd, because I agree it's an outdated law, but it's one of those laws that because it's been such a big deal for so long, tossing it is a huge deal with loads of red tape. All our provinces and territories have their own laws on it, so it needs to be negotiated with all the premiers, not to mention what do you do with all the people in prison for weed already? That's thousands of appeals and case reviews. And his plan is not for everyone to be able to grow and sell it... He wants it to be a state run business... Trudeau had said he would make it a day 1 change, but the reality is change like this takes years. The debate on the legal age for weed could take years alone. Not like that's a big deal on its own, it's the idea that he thinks he can drop in and make changes with a snap of his finger.... He has no understanding of the process. This was clear when he promised to bring in 25k Syrians in 60 days.... Not understanding that we don't have the capability to do that.... And 4 months later we are not even half of his 30 day target.... We literally have refugees in hotels.....we kicked soldiers out of barracks in December so refugee's could use them. He grated all Syrian refugees immediate permanent resident status, citizenship... But refugees from other nations have to wait half a decade. It's not fair... But it is hip and popular on social media. All while spending nothing on our homeless. Syrian refugees get a food allowance.... $63 per person, per day.... So a family of 4 gets more money than in a single day for food than I use for my family of 4 in a week. They also get full medical benefits, including eyes and dental.... I am a born Canadian and I don't get that. My kids 2, and 6 don't get half the coverage ad these refugees. He also gave our national news corporation $150million.... So nothing but pro Trudeau news...
Yah, I'm hoping so. Our province on the other hand got butchered by a liberal government and even in the face of a dozen scandals, we still elected the offenders for a sweeping majority.
No one gives a shit about up or down votes
Passion of the christ
This is how ranked works. Same as last season. Tier 5-6 then higher rank gets 7-8. It's no secret, nor should it be a surprise.
I think rank 15-1 was tier 7-8. So you just missed it. I'm confused. If you used a t6 last season, and 2.months later used a t6 from rank 22-14 this season, how do you not have a t7-8 by now? Cleveland to Pensacola should take less than 40 matches.
Each pimple is the soul of a rude child.
range. Crank out those citadels pretend you dont have a rear turret. pick a target sailing boradside and push
The Na server runs less than 15k players on average. Even if you only had half a dozen on at once, it's better than nothing. Back in navy field, there was only a few game managers at any time, but it helped. The system right now has nothing.
Lots of games do it.
Pretend the Kiev doesn't have torps.
Wow. As someone with a speedy machine and raid ssd drives, this extends my wait.... But may cut down in afk.... So torn
Yah, usually when it's odd numbers of classes, a skilled player can sometimes overcome and in 2v3 BB match the team with fewer BB and an extra dd, but this match there was nothing to counter the amagi. It stays in the open with a mogami preventing our destroyers from getting near, and we don't have anything that can hit the amagi.... If it balanced the mogami on our side, it may be able to land some hits and rum before the amagi could engage, but with all our ships having sub 16km range, the amagi was untouchable. Needless to say, the match was a disaster. We tried to use the islands as cover and stealth while they took the objective in the open... Our Pensacola decided to charge the amagi like a retard and was erased before 90 seconds had passed. The rest of us got cut apart in the islands using their destroyers to spot and the amagi to delete us from range. I'm a good player, I carry all the time and am always first or second in the match, and usually when I see mismatches I can often overcome.... But this was a nowin scenario.
At the end of the war, we had the 3rd largest navy. By numbers of course, and most were small ships and support craft
Snipe people all the time. Sink ships, win games. Your one of those fools who charges in and dies all the time?
Originally I was annoyed that I couldn't progress project R in ranked, but then ranked was such a frustration that it's nice to have an objective in random. Still, the R stuff takes very little time.
And in doing so, your the bigger problem and playing in violation of the rules. "I demand everyone plays how I want, and anyone who doesn't, I will break the rules and kill them". You sound like a 14 year old kid. Perhaps you should play something more to your maturity level.... Like call of duty
And yet here we are, you having a fit threatening to break the games rules if everyone else doesn't do what you want. Do you want some special treatment because of your history? Are you superior to everyone else? The rules don't apply to you? You should be able to control how everyone else chooses to play the game?
Wow, not like wargaming to do actually notice, less address a problem.
Replay helps for sure, but I have had success. I was in a ranked battle and our tirpitz started firing torps at friendlies. Didn't sink any but damaged 4 ships. I took a dozen screens and it was enough.
If your playing hide and seek or eating sand under the play structure, then when do you find to do all this teamkilling you claim to do? Battleships in front of the cruisers? That's fucking stupid.
Its all fucked up tonight. Been playing for quite some time now, but I have never seen random where my T6 is being put in T10 matches before.
I agree, but as much as those posts don't add anything, they don't really take anything away, and unless reddit is running out of Internet, and the karma and up/down voting systems are broken, all we are doing is micromanaging a very small subreddit.
I worked for the company that used to clean and maintain them. Nice area, shit laundry facilities. Meth heads in the house to the east.
Not in Canada. But they can move the b-sens to Ottawa...... And let's be honest, the 67s can't pay people to come to their games... They wouldn't move, but I'm sure they would try anything including moving cross town to get numbers up.
Ahl teams do OK.
this is the tweaked 3500 in the workshop? the one where the guy ripped it from mudgettgm?
Our glorious dictator and his father both want Canada to have nothing to do with the Queen or our roots in the Commonwealth.
Mogami gets great range, and I use mine to burn down battleships. Several salvos from a mogami will turn away any pushing battleships. I support my battleships, hammering enemy battleships to force them to turn and giving my battleships a chance at broadsides. If Island cover is good and you can get within 10km, and with proper use, you can basically end any destroyer that shows itself. Sequential fire into destroyer smoke is awesome. It fires more shells per salvo than any ship in the game. Sub 12km against most ships broadside, you can AP like a motherfucker. Broadsiding cruisers up close is awesome. I have rolled parallel to other t8 cruisers and single salvo ended them with AP rolling in +5 citadel hits in a single blow. The other day on shatter I was chasing a dd and got beached on an island... Enemy north Carolina comes round the island at 4km, charging at our retreating nagato. I loaded ap and slammed him full broadside over and over and took him from full health to death before he got a second salvo off on me(he over penetrated).
Always use the 155
up close, it can do real damage. Hell, I had a cleveland come within 4km of my NC and it nearly tore me to shreds
only fucking idiots on anyways
True, but project R, has given enough for a good 60-70 battles. 2 games last night, a york got deleted by destinations at first engagement.
R has encouraged lots of carriers, unfortunately, despite being a very simple concept, it's incredibly easy to be useless as a carrier despite it being the most important ship on the team.
Blow me liberal scum
He's fair game. The imp can devastate your team is allowed.... It's also slow, turns like shit and has no AA, so it's an obvious target.
I love to know my tax dollars are well spent.
I suspect there are more games played under premium than free.
That's what I did at first, but now I keep several clutch ships for each tier. ... Team battles and ranked benefit from variety. Now I only get rid of the most terrible boats. Also helps for events or challenges that popup. This was very handy for the KamikazeR missions that required specific goals at specific tiers.
I used the Kiev in season 1. It can absolutely shut down a battleship with so few ships to focus on her, and in a knife fight it's really good vs another dd, but detection range is a kicker. The blys essentially nullifies the Kiev in most situations
Demo expert and concealment... Remarkable good ap.
Detection range is a GIGANTIC flaw to the ship. My Yamato has better detection.
Molotov - because I'm really good in it. blys because it's by far the best t7 dd,. Indianapolis because radar. schores because I'm super fucking lethal in it. Colorado because that dispersion gets me devastating strikes all the time. Nagato may have more health, but it means nothing on an angled Colorado that can land 2x the hits with its better dispersion. I suspect we will see a lot of sipans simply because people can drop their TX captain in it.
Not as bad as random. With half the players, you get focused a lot less.
I am 100% for naming and shaming these assholes. This behaviour is more disruptive than hacking.
My iowa drops turrets nearly every match. I used it last on Thursday and lost 2/3 turrets in 2 consecutive matches followed by a single turret match after. That's the norm for me
My experience and every opinion I have ever heard indicates otherwise. Is there any numerical base to this?
Wah Wah Wah.
colorado with superintendent is very capable. Best BB dispersion in the game.
I have only had 30 battles in my Des Moins, but I avergae 88,721 damage and avg xp of 2,482 per game. I am top 10 on NA for avg damage and xp. contrast to my Zao with 54 battles and avg damage of 107,856 and avg xp of 2,415 per game. I am in the top 30 for avg dmg and top 70 for avg xp. I dont have the Hindy yet, but I have 54 battles in my roon with 84,692 average damage and 2,318xp per game. Until my recent loss streak, I had top spot on NA with my roon for avg dmg and xp, now I have nearly fallen off the leaderboards. Yah, the zao is mega fucking OP, and the hindy seems to rely on mistakes, though I think the increased fire chances will bring the stats up. The DM is completely dependent on the situation and easy to play wrong. I do much more damage in my Zao, but my winrate and XP is higher in the DM, not by much, but considering the dmg difference, the XP gap is minimal.
Nice breakdown. I want to like my Iowa, but I cant. I loose more turrets with the Iowa than any other ship and despite its dispersion buff, still cant hit fuck all. I had limited time in the izumo as I found it wasnt going to teach me anything I didnt already know so XPed the Yamato. From my time in it, the real world dispersion was tighter, but pen was worse. The turret traverse speed was amazing, and the full forward gun layout doesnt hurt the ship at all. That being said, the Izumo is known to spawn on fire.
The best advice is to watch the pros. Check business6 on YouTube and watch kamisaumari on twitch.
Im 67% after 40 battles so far. Currently rank 12. I am aiming for 100-120 battles to rank 1. However, I suspect there will be far fewer people hitting R1 this season than before.
I used HE exclusively when I played the York. But I hear the AP is not nearly as slow as it once was. I always played my York from range.
Turret rotation is 10x more important than rate of fire.
I would 100% disagree with that comment. Turret rotation is far more important than rate of fire.
Aside from the tirpitz, the Atago is the most forgiving premium in the game.
Rng effectively prevents anyone from having a hit ratio that high, hack or not.
Oh no, sorry. I don't have nearly enough battles yet, but if you sort by min number of battles on warships today for NA, I'm there for avg damage and should be able to stay around that as j get more battles as I have for most ships
Noticed my win rate is absolute shit. I have had a terrible few weeks but my win rate for the past few months has been 60-70% so I'm not worried about getting it up.
Nc shells are nowhere near as high arc as the others.....just super slow.
Wait for sales or discounts. Few weeks ago NA got half price port slots
Sweet Thanks
It was a crazy game, I literally passed out 20min later as it was so late so my memory is fuzzy. Even my kill shot on you was a desperate lob as I was sure the Iowa had my number. You did great
I'm actually away from home till tomorrow but I should have it up Sunday night
I think this needs to be handled very carefully. With the time and money people invest in this game, one innocent banned is not worth a cheat free game. When I see posts about people playing at an Internet cafe and seeing others hacking.... What if a left player uses a pic after a hacker and gets banned? There has to be zero chance of a mistake. We know people hack and I'll bet there is a hacker in nearly every match...it hasn't ruined my experience yet. I think that rng really keeps any hacks in check. Whatever happens has to be done carefully That and I'd hate to see the NA server pop post ban wave. That's one reason I'm ok with wg using the warning or strike system. How do they handle it in world of tanks?
This is true. Few of my friends have the kabab and it's an insane murder machine. Those guns can rip a battleship to shreds
Atago hits to 15.8 and the ibuki reaches out over 19km
http://wowreplays.com/Replay/9290-Neocodex-Ice-Islands match wasnt as exciting as I remembered it, but it was late...
As an unbiased Canadian reading his statement, I think he makes a point to address not immigrants, but specifically radical Islam. These days I find so many people are afraid to criticize radical Islam because it makes you a racist towards all Muslims. When other candidates refuse to acknowledge the involvement of radical Islam in this and other situations it takes attention away from a serious problem.
Not as racist as I thought.
Great, now I have to clean soda off my dash.
Everything indicates no hack can do this and what your describing is the situational awareness bug. As others have said, the data is server side.
Yah. Work for me a new iPhone after years with android and now it's ducking this and ducking that.
I played half a dozen random battles last night with 10-16 destroyers
Business6 has a video on YouTube that gives the York an excellent brakedown
I'm the first season aryia is in the catacombs in kings landing and hides in a skull of a dragon that's easily twice the height of a man.
Yah. The vertical dispersion on the Colorado is the best of any battleship. And vertical is what matters most. Its not the best BB by far, but it is a citadel hunter and gets me more devastating strikes than any ship. In random I have 69% winrate with 85k avg dmg, and in ranked I have 80% winrate with it.
Low winrates are one thing....but 40% is leeching.
The profile is very different. The Yorck is tall and the hull sits very high whereas the myoko is very low. With 3k games under my belt, I always find the myoko much harder to hit.
True, but after a handful of games where I witnessed the player leeching(when ranked match starts, he turns and sails to the edge of the map at 1/4 or sails straight ahead into an island), I don't think capping or being sneaky is the case.
He almost owns exclusively premium ships, and hasnt progressed anything past T5. All he does is leech and leech quit. He should be banned.
I haven't played my Murmansk in months, but the Atago and tirpitz earn me between 300-900k per game depending on performance.
50%. She has 4 turrets.
The reload counter is a suggestion only. So many players fire as soon as their guns are green instead of waiting for a good shot.
Tennis shots can be very hard on the elbows
One of the comments he posted mentions a discussion on the forums about shell landings if i read that right. I'm not at my pc right now, but I remember seeing a thread on the wg forums recently....so "former" is a timeline I'm curious about. edit: I just checked his previous posts and he clearly is a current subscriber and user of the hack.
Range isn't a bad idea. HE is viable these days...it's no zao, but it can roll fires at 20km on enemy battleships. 10 second reload isn't bad by any means, and I enjoy igniting battleships.
Depends on angle and the ship. If you can't pen due to angle, ap does decent against the softer superstructure. You can wreck battleship turrets
Yamato is bleh. Yah, its powerful, but it has so many weaknesses.
I don't think it's irrelevant at all. When a cruiser can wreck a Yamato faster than a Yamato can wreck a Montana, it's just as vulnerable as any battleship, more in some respects due to its size. The Yamato should be the best battleship. The real world ship was balls to the wall OP. It's like saying the tiger tank shouldn't be the best vs the Sherman. Every ship is balanced in a way.
And yet we see fuckloads of ships from other lines. Its also one of the most famous ships in History. Its also a fucking Yamato.
I think under 50 is fine, but when you drop below 44% and with over a thousand games, I think there is a decent chance the player is bad. Perhaps Winrate is a bad method, as this isn't a 1v1 and variations in team composition, RNG and MM play alot into it. Warship today WTR or wows.numbers PR rating may be a better measure. Because I regularly run into t10 players who have sub 600 WTR.....and that ruins the game for everyone. I'd like to see those players sent to coop for games over t6 to improve. This would also solve the wallet warriors who buy a tirpitz after 5 games and land zero hits per game.
my iphone literally refuses to let me type what I want.
Remove it, thanks. That's why I shouldn't check reddit before I have my morning coffee.
Your collision avoidance also turns on by default
There are still huge expanses of Westeros with many houses and thousands of people. Not all of them will welcome the daughter of the mad king as she rolls in with the greatest army the world has seen. Danny brings fear, and like it or not the person who sits on the Iron throne commands most of Westeros. Its not just Cersi and the Lanisters.
I doubt it. I suspect everyone who isnt on a ship right now will view Danny as an invading threat...The reveal that Danny and JSnow are related, like Sansa and the knights of the veil, this wont be revealed to the characters until the last moment, if ever. Its very possible Danny and the North will be enemies to start it off.
Very cool!
I am usually against micromanaging, but this is one of my gears that grinds with ease.
I wish there was an easy way to find this, as warship today, wowsnumbers, and the WOWS profile page all include modifiers.
No. On your profile page it adds in premium . My highest says 6,828. But I know that is from my Des Moins match that was 4,553. 6,828 is exactly 1.5x(premium) of 4,553 And you cant just subtract 50% to your profile scores because if you had a good match without premium, it will only show up as the 1x.
Business6 He gives the most honest and cerebral information out there. His analysis of ships and game play is spot on. Watching his videos took me from an average player of around 900 WTR to 1300 average and +2000 WTR over the last few months.
Trudeau can eat a bucket of dicks.
Really dig the image of Robert swinging the hammer. I need more of this.
This is game of thrones.....little finger will get to Reed first. The finger has a part to play, and possessing this information would be the most impact he could have.
Of course not. But do you think its beyond Littlefingers capabilities, or more importantly, his story arc, to obtain that information? Littlefinger has always been one of the major wildcards in this universe, and you have to ask yourself where his story goes from here. He and the spider are the big schemers who know everything, and for his character to play a major part that can turn the world upside down, it is entirely possible that this is what he uses. No one else in the realm had/has more interest in Eddard Stark than littlefinger. If anyone can put it tougher, or get that information, its him. For all we know he gets his hands on Meera Reed who is just north of the wall with Bran.
I used range because you can citadel cruisers that far out and you van deal damage to battleships. The slight rof helps, but I found the range to be very useful. I have been switching between both on my hindy and I think I like range more.
When he is with Sansa in the crypt, he is the only one who told the story about how rhagar and her ran away in lover, not kidnapping.
I feel bad for you people who didn't play it back in the day. Back when you could drop consistent 10k salvos into battleships at 20km... Now the AP pen is a fucking joke and using HE is a real thing...back in the day you would never use anything but AP.
so fucking awesome
creampie?
like to see her getting filled
Iowa. Iowa citadel gets me hard
The German DD is the only line (except for CVS) that's I don't have at T10. Superunicum stats accross the board.
You mom tells me its good enough, though I think she lies.
Everyone leaves happy
I like my moskva, those guns are epic.
My minotaur spammed AP last night for 832 hits and 313k dmg with kraken in a single game. Shit is bonkers.
As a RN cruiser, you fallow your DDs in as close as you can and find cover to protect you from battleships but provide support to gun down enemy DDs in caps. You need to do this as fast as you can before you are detected and smoking up so your not getting focused. Using hydro so your not Torpedo in your smoke. Wail your awesome AP against battleships and always be aware of your concealment and if your exposed to battleship fire. A spotted RN cruiser is a dead cruiser. Your torps are absolutely awesome. With good speed, faster than a DD reload and 1.3km detection, you should always be spamming your torps. Do not stick with your battleships, you don't want to be anywhere near where enemies attention is focused. Your smoke is awesome, but being aware of enemy radar ships is key and nothing should be getting into hydro range. Your close in game is awesome because your torps and AP is extremely mean even to german battleships. Get aslains mod and enable the smoke timer to know when your smoke is running out, always be ready to have your escape planned so your not dead in the water when your smoke is up. Always work the destroyers. They are fast and spot more ships than anything else....the sooner they are gone, the more stealth you have. If no one has angle on you, always be firing. RN ships are all about DPM, so put as much AP down range as possible. RN ships are soft, but dont underestimate your bow....you can still bounce shells. Run premium consumables and the consumable flag...reload between smokes can be down to 1min or something like that.
The tools are there, it's finding the fine line to properly use them.
Yah I couldn't remember exactly so I didn't wanna give a super low number.
Movie is dogshit....but dogshit you rub all over your face.
report for sure. I say name and shame, but this reddit is too PC for that
Its a team game, so if someone dies, its because they fucked up, or someone on the team did. or they potato
Cmdr potato?
Speed holes
It's good, but I don't think it's the best. It's pen and dispersion feels far worse than it did on initial release. And it is so weak to torps and bombers. A beast of a ship, OP as fuck. But The gremy is absolutely stronger. The gremy is a beast even when playing against ships 2 tiers above. I would also say the kamikaze is also a better clubbers. With 5.4km detection and great torps, this T5 ship is awesome even at T10( back in the day when you could mix divisions with any tier).
Same, she is hot, but something about her face that feels "bleh" I think she has been overdone. When I see her, I don't see a sexy cosplay girl, or a character....I don't see cosplay, I just see her, someone trying to get me to buy into something, like I am bring sold something.
Turret traverse is worst in game, Yamato levels. Speed is brutal slow. This is all fine until your against a scharnhorst or gneisenau, then your fucked.
301 and 302
Rof and 420mm
the only ship that I will take gears over concealment is the moskva. Im always firing in it, so always detected, Id rather dodge shots. Everything else, stealth all the fucking time.
I would aim people towards "the warships podcast". the latest episode they spend an hour breaking down and discussing the skills. worth a listen.
That's debatable. I would say Yamato and izumo are very different play styles.
Its a boat, not one I consider good, but Im sure it will have its fans and its detractors.
Its always your fault, your torps are your responsibility.
baltimore would use a rof bump, but other than that, people just suck at playing it.
I use AP all the time in battleships. If they angle, I go for the casemate for considerable damage.
Yep. It's the reason why when OPG has its fight night battles, it's kurfurst/Yamato + gearings + Des Moins. DM is the best ship for team battles.
Sure, but ibuki has better range, reload and turret rotation. It's a fucking awesome boat
All three of those ships are excellent and quantum leaps above the ships before them. T9 used to get alot of shit, but as it stands, I would say all those 3 are fucking OP and ninja balls. I will take 1 udaloi over 2 trashcans every day. Udaloi is an alpha predator that can shred anything it looks at. The fletcher is the best DD brawler/hunter in the game. With 5.4km detection, your the most stealthy gun boat in the game. Personally I think the fletcher is better than the gearing. In an open fight with a udaloi or a kahbab your gonna loose, but your up close dpm makes them have to fight you at range. The Neptune is epic, and at T9 is straight up OP. You can 2 shot most any DD in the game and you melt battleships. Iadave managed something like 340k. You also get 16 torps that have awesome detection and reload faster than a DD.
MM is really bad right now, but 5-6 have great ships...ignoring MM for a moment and T6 is the battleship sweetspot. Don't skip them though...being bottom tier sucks, but being bottom tier doesn't stop at T7 and if you can't handle the challenge of 5/6, your going to suck as a T8 in a T10 match. Good players rise above and if you need MM to win, you might aswell find another game.
Congrats and welcome to the club. WTR may not be everything, but good stats are something to be proud of. You put time and effort into doing your best. Some people retort that "stats, you don't have a life". But fuck them. Striving to be good at something is always a good thing. I am closing in on 1500 WTR so I know the challenge of hitting your milestone.
Doesn't look like alfredsson to me
For team battles and clan wars, the des moins is the king of cruisers.
Go to twitch and watch kamisaumari. Pay attention, replicate.
OPG has been running fight night wars for months now. Business6 hosts the videos on his youtube and after some trials, it seems that its 7v7 T10 epicenter battles that seem to give the best gameplay results. epicenter sucks, but for clan wars its perfect. In these fights, the DM is extremely strong while the Zao is not.
MM is something we all deal with. It's not specific to just you. We all get fucked. As someone with nearly 5,000 games, I just assume I'm getting fucked Everytime I load into a game that's not T10. Getting fucked sucks, but it's made me a better player. Potatoes...99% of the players are potatoes. The better you get, the more others seem like potatoes. Im closing in on 1,500WTR, so the pain is real. There are also events, and a new patch...people get retarded 10x
Business has always been a community leader to me. When I started out, and even 1,500 games in, I struggled to be average. But I had some direct communication with him over a year ago on the [H] forums and watched his videos religiously and streams when I could. His analysis taught me about proper situational awareness and match priorities. Watching business and kamisaumari has taken me from average to unicum, closing in on 1500WTR. The player I am today is a direct result of what I have learned from business. Being a fellow member of OPG has granted me the privilege of playing with business from time to time. But this much time in any game can get anyone down and I respect the need to move on. Warships is a frustrating game at the best of times. I tip my touque to business, if he is ever up in the northern capital, I have a beer with his name on it.
ended too soon
It got bad reviews, but swagger posted some arguments that by the numbers, it's better than the murmansk.
Yah, before it got fucked by MM, the Texas was a rolfstomp monster.
It's OK. I have it on my gearing, kahbab and des moins. Not a game breaker though.
Swagger? He's one of the best players on the server and knows more than most. I don't have the ship, but I know it's great jn the right hands if used the right way.
No fucking spiders
If you fired your shells when you started typing that, I would still have time to fix a coffee and then sit down and read it before I have to alt-tab in to dodge the shells. I will say, I used my montana for the first time in months and the dispersion felt usable. I hated the Iowa
Ottawa merivale has nothing
Ottawa trian yards has nothing
The Shchohrs needs range to be at its most effective, and in a 7v7, you really want all your ships in the thick of the fight. 1 DD goes down in ranked and suddenly your rear flamethrowers loose visuals. I love my russian cruisers, but I suspect its not going to hold up to the utility of the RN and USN cruisers.
Truth. Good content should get upvotes and should not be subjected to the same rules. If a content creator is posting too much "spam" but people like it, then whats the big deal. micromanaging a good thing is dirty balls. The fact that the podcast gets no love on reddit is shit
Colorado dispersion is awesome
#AlternativeFacts
meh, I got in and no one checked my stats. I just have soft hands, a purdy face and no shame.
get gud?
Fred is a beast. That ship pumps out +200k matches
Big clan with multiple squads and teams, who have scrims weekly. Officers organize and manage these things. Most clans have this.
Mine is not performing as good as before, but it's still a god among men.
I hardly ever see rpf.
You get an on screen indicator if your detected by rpf.
The chance to reveal and eliminate a DD in ranked is, IMHO, far more valuable than extra health. When my Belfast uses radar, a DD dies. In ranked that's the best chance of a win. Down a cruiser is no big deal, down a DD is a game changer.
T7 is not a long grind. Permanent camo is expensive and should only be used on ships you really love and will never sell. If your goal is to get past a ship fast, permanent camo is a very expensive way to do it. My advice, buy xp flags or free xp conversion if you. Want. Only buy permanent camo for your favorite ships. I have 70 ships and only purchased camo for my 3 favorite ships, two T10s and the Bismarck.
pretty sure "personal bodygaurd" is code for superdouche
Maxine simply doesnt have it to beat Trudeau. Im down for him, but I see no way for him to overcome the Trudeau fan club. Oleary has a chance, a strong chance, strong enough that Liberals are already attacking him. Oleary might not be a true conservative, but thats not always a bad thing. Our party has had its struggles staying relevant to the younger voters. The way I see it is I want Trudeau out by any means. If that means that Oleary is the one to do it, Ill take it, its still a win. Its not perfect, but the goal has to be Liberals out and conservatives in, even if its only a semi-conservative. Im going to see him at a function on Tuesday to hear what he has to say.
We did elect Wynne in Ontario...
dont forget atleast 10 "um" in every sentance
Trudeau has been a disaster, but much of Canada still praises him as the lord and savior. I would agree with you, but once you step out of the conservative circle, people are still totally blind to his bullshit. He won the election with his bullshit...I think we are fooling ourselves if we think we are going to win on political merit and not star power, even if it feels dirty.
CNN beat you to it. Paid me in salt cubes
two terrible scenes though. I wish I kept mine where I ambushed a yammy and hit him for 6x citadels on my first shot.
Give it a 5th turret!
As a Canadian living in Ottawa, all the media here, even the left media, was reporting two Islamic radicals as the shooters. It wasn't until Trudeau called it terrorism that I knew it was a white guy. He refused to call the attack on the war memorial and Parliament buildings a terrorist attack.
Free speech? Even the CBC was saying it was two Islamic radicals. Your saying the right jumped to conclusions despite CNN and everyone else saying the shooters shouted "Allah akbar" and were refugees?
Feel free to chimp out and have a violent riot
yah, I saw some ultra potato stuff going on. I was holding a cap in my belfast, wrecking shit, and I had two german T7 battleships moving in on me. Im in smoke, got space, I have a colorado, scharnhorst and 2 cruisers just behind me. So Im doing my thing, wrecking face, and I noticed HE shells flying over me from behind. Our scharn had turned to run(enemies were atleast 12km) and had beached himself like a champ, and our colorado was heading to the bottom corner of the map firing HE the entire time...I make my escape but only for so long before the two BBs beat me down. Meanwhile the Colorado put 19km between him and the enemy ships and makes it all the way to the bottom border behind the spawn. Full health he sails around lobbing HE and missing. A full health Kirvo comes at him, turns broadside at 7km and pelts away at him....Colorado keeps firing HE at the BBs 17km away, ignoring the cruiser broadside infront of him. After the match I msg him and tell him he should try coop to learn the basics because negatively trending at T7 with a sub 40% winrate is only going to lead to more failure. He pipes back that "I was the last one alive and did 65k damage, I know what Im doing." Also had a montana division yolo into a cap in a game where each team had 4 destroyers. Both got nuked and spent the rest of the map complaining about the shit team they got.
Pay to win, seriously? Name a premium ship and I'll tell you an equal tech tree ship that's equal or better. Aside from the kamikaze R, Grammy, imperator and Atago, everything else is well balanced.
What Truth? That it took Justin 2 years to call it terrorism? After ripping on the current PM for being a coward for hiding during the shooting instead of charging out? Then he repealed anti terror laws that Harper introduced after the incident... Could be Im emotional about the whole event and snippy with our current PM who wouldnt call it what it is right away. I was on he corner of Elgin and Queen when Nathan was shot, so my view may be different from yours.
Who needs to buy a vehicle when you can send freedom.
New logo fucking rocks
I guess. I'm a man of my own prejudices, I won't lie. I just wish people could direct their hate and anger at radical Islam and not Muslims as a whole. It's an important difference, but one that's hard for people to manage.
No, but of he was a betting man, those would be great odds.
I am in Ottawa but can't make it. This shit hole country has no spine. Bill will pass.
Glad you speak for everyone.
I agree, Im just saying that Im not bothered or concerned if thats where someone goes in the moment.
this!
I wanna see her go bare
Colorado dispersion is crazy AF
Check out the latest episode of "the warships podcast".
For cruisers, Ill use the Cleveland with IFHE for the most part. Its ability to hide behind an island and lay waste to battleships is excellent. +100k games in random as bottom tier are not uncommon. If there are alot of cruisers, the molotov may be used. Nothing farms citadels like the Molly. I dont have it, but I suspect the Duca will be great. Its speed give it excellent wide flanking ability and if the enemy is smoked, those long range torps could be a big deal if fired from a rear flank
No
Buy it to make changes....thats not how it works.
As funny as this seems...racist or not, I'm never a fan of making fun of someone who clearly suffers from a disability
holy fucking shit
excellent stuff
Warspite is the only one I would consider for ranked. Scenarios are about dpm, and none of those have it. You can use the warspite, but it's not a great choice. Enemies bow on rush, so your not farming citadels.
Can't tell if sarcastic
Subscribe to kamisaumari on twitch. IMHO he's the best player on NA. Watching how he plays is an invaluable source.
Watch kamisaumari on twitch.
None of those battleships are snipers. That being said, the Bismarck is no worse than the others. The dispersion is compensated by the flat trajectory and high velocity. Getting shells on target fast is essential for eliminating cruisers.
Absolutely.
None. Never buy above your current level. Your used to tier 4, basically easy mode. But a t7 is going to see t9 ships and your going to bring your team down.
It's a nice paperweight
I knows. I has all da ships
1081 WTR, 50% WR, and a 30day WR of 20%. Failing throught the grind, but 4 of your top 6 most used ships are premiums with terrible stats. Judging from your stats, its you. Also, 1. 1. 2. ?
He means Canada...
This? This is your issue?
Oh right. Refusing to criticize a world superpower on unproven accusations. Grow the fuck up. You have plenty of legitimate reasons to criticize trump. This is as stupid as the ice cream scoops frenzy
Can't tell if mentally disabled or trolling
Honestly I'm just glad your so concerned with his health. Though, if people cared about real issues, you may not be in the situation you are currently
Kill them DDs.
Haha
I bow to your internet supremacy
Nice score. Almost beat mine :)
My iPhone is a pile of crap to be fair. Smok isn't exactly Foxconn though.
Very possible.
Excellent as always, I love it long time
With so many clevelands, Its going to be hard to be a CV. That said there are a lot of poor AA battleships.
The one better on US was mine, also in a T10 game with 250k dmg. The double rudder shift mogami with turret traverse upgrade and IFHE wrecks. 3s rudder shift is insane.
I55
Oh look, it's you.
Assholes leave a lasting impression it seems.
I got a spotter plane module 152 rolls ago. Prior to that, I went 466 rolls without one.
This setup made 200k games very viable to my mogami.
It's fine now. The Neptune is the best T9, but Baltimore not far behind. I mean, you can citadel a kurfurst at max range.
Alright alright alright!
just looked up modsheild, fukin nice skins
Looks like a lost vape therion, but I'm new. If it is, that's a pretty penny
Purple looks great.
I have 5 baby beasts and never had an issue.
My thoughts? The battlestar looks like a tank. As a brand new vaper who purchased two aliens for my wife and myself, I have a smidgen of buyers remorse due to the rumors of high failure rates. In hindsight I should have gone for the battlestar. Aside from the outstanding reputation, it looks excellent. The textured copper gives me tingles. And honestly, it reminds me of battlestar Galactica. As for the best gift I ever got my father...its never been my strong suit. My dad, despite being an incredibly intelligent engineer, is a terrible businessman and always seems to be on the wrong side of good luck. Bankrupt and loosing jobs left and right. If I had to say my best gift, its being there help him out when shit gets real bad. I try not enable, and like most people, my family lives paycheck to paycheck, but I always make sure he has me as a safety net. So if it's a gift, its being there for him when no one else is.
Looks bitchin I never win anything
Colorado is my T7 baby. In a game of RNG, rewards for skill are few and far between. The Colorados awesome dispersion rewards good players. Dev strikes and citadels are the name of the game for this ship. I love nuking destroyers. My Colorado runs me 2,022 WTR and was my R1 ship last season.
Flavors look good
Hit up the reddit teamspeak listed in the sidebar. My ingame name is neocodex. I'll break that slump.
Wanna get beat up? That's how you get beat up
Montana is though.
Apnea. 4h
I have heard so much bad about the alien, but threads actually looking into it have come up flat
such bullshit. Karlsson is hands down the best Dman on the planet. Even the super biased media spent the entire playoffs gushing about how incredible he is. Even the cuck Crosby gushed about Karlsson.
dont be a downer
Good luck, Ottawa can be a bit of a downer city. Im in Kanata, but just outside of your age range. best of luck. any pics?
70 cents on the dollar and falling. Crazy taxes. I heard someone calculate that if he goes to Vegas with the same contract, it's over $880k extra in his pocket each year.
I donno, having my pregnant wife hit by food while going down the concrete stairs by a row of retarded Habs fan contributes. They bus those retards in from the Montreal bars. Reason enough to hate them.
Hector Macmillan
Agreed. Great fun
Meh. My kid goes to public school in Ottawa. Not allowed to talk about Christmas, but we have entire info weeks on Ramadan.
awesome
Runs OK. But the game is trash. The physics are fun for a few hours, but the game is junk. The story sucks, and it goes from fighting rebels with AK47s to giant laser gun mech bots on a flying fortress in the sky. The endless waves of enemies make everything feel unoriginal
It's true
The flip to not being citadeled is torps absolutely murder the kurfurst.
How about you piss off and go play something else?
you do know what sub this is right? Where dudes let their wives get pounded by strangers. This kind of comment could go down for half the posts here. I dont think its necessary at this point. You know the answer is going to be something that properly justifies it in the OPs opinion.
Game dev sim is a terrible mobile game ported to pc
Did they refuse to fight without equalization payments?
Does it come with a rainbow Islamic flag? Great time to celebrate the most embarrassing time to be a Canadian.
Business6 and his ship videos. His focus on positioning and situational awareness took me from a 900wtr player to +1500wtr
Totally
Boxed wine ftw
Marches in pride parade. Attends mosque that condones death to homosexuals. Yup
Nothing burger
lol, such a shrill
Paid 20, I'm open to offers. Used perhaps 3ml
How is it compared to cloud co(if you have been)? I'm constantly blown away with how awesome their two shops are.
Should post the non shopped version. Or just pm it to me. :)
Max payne 2 end credits song is worth buying the game for.
Meh, I ran into a 36% kurfurst using HE on his main guns saying it was better than AP since he had IFHE. Guy has over 4k battles and has a lower avg dmg in the kurfurst than I do in the Omaha. I tried to inform him the proper way to use the ship but he informed me he was an expert, I was a nub and he would be banging my mom shortly.
Fair enough. I have no horse in this race.
What a time to be canadian
It feels like a bait and switch. Honestly the trailer is better than the game. The AI is worse than the AI in the original TA 21 years ago.
Same. Visually the movie was excellent and despite all the aliens being terrible, and Rihanna being terrible, the two main characters were exceptional.
When I was a teen i would goto my grandparents house because they had a decent computer at the time and internet, a rare thing at the time. Anyways, I stumbled on absolute piles of porn. Guy was into all kinds of fucked up stuff.
People actually fall for Wynnes bullshit?
Thanks, that was great
So toss that position, clearly it's not needed then.
You are right! Today I'm going to walk into my bosses office and tell him that it's the workers who make the company run, no need for him anymore.
People still care what the UN thinks? Isn't this the same group that put Saudi Arabia on the human rights council?
Ottawa confirm shithole
Or one that rewards terrorists with millions
That's because Claude is a world renowned baker.
It was liberal gold. Fools gold it seems
The "feel like" temp where I am right now is -22f. We hit 45f last week and people were out in shorts
My draw to this game is it's charm and playfulness. Multi-player would just decend into hundreds of links running around shouting "CHINA NUMBAH ONE" and tea-bagging.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but does 18inch overmatch anything that 16inch doesn't at T7?
Someone did. The mother seemed genuinely upset...as much as I want to blame them, it didn't feel fake to me. Gut feeling.
Explain? Someone put her up to it, I just don't think it was the mom. Could be dad, friends, Islamic social group.
I don't understand, aren't 100% of dems contributing too? For the government to fail, it seems to me like it takes eveyone to fuck up. But what do I know, I'm Canadian and we are welcoming back people who fought against us for ISIS.
Unfortunate.
Canadians are not the smartest bunch. ie: Trudeau and Wynne.
Don't have to be a right winger to know that reintegrating people who cut the heads off children is a bad idea. In this age of identity politics, everyone should be able to hate radical islamic terrorists.
I donno, paying terrorists and bringing back ISIS fighters is about as low as it gets. But hey, those tweets sure are mean. Not to mention driving record debt, bring the laughing stock of the international community, blowing hundreds of millions over friends squabbles that condemn our defense, being the only pm in history to violent ethics laws, etc. But Yah, cutting cheques in the tens of millions to terrorists while allowing captive canadians to be butchered, and bringing back ISIS fighters who cut the heads off children takes the cake.
Last time those summit energy turds came to my door to scam me "You the guy from yesterday who was rude to my wife"? Don't give him time to answer. "Sure, come down to my basement, no one knows you're here right? You know you can buy barrels of lye on Amazon these days?".
Harper wasn't hated. He was just vilified by the media. Justin was elected because his fancy hair and was into planking....and in the home stretch he labeled Harper as a racist. He's an extremely wealthy kid from an extremely wealthy family with a background as a snowboard instructor and a short stint as a drama teacher. He is Mr entitlement. First off, he ran saying he would have to run record deficits, then ran defects 5x that. On a bad year Harper was a $2b deficit guy, and Justin is in the 40-60b range depending on who you get your numbers from. He allowed Canadian hostages to be decapitated because he didn't want to fund terrorism. A month later he paid over $45m to 4 former terrorists because they were treated bad in foreign jails....despite one having killed a US medic and being the son of the 9/11 money man. He now wants to reintegrate back into society people who went and fought for ISIS. We have social economic problems here, but he is spending massive money elsewhere, like building bridges in China or counseling centers in Yemen. Our first nations(Indians) live in poverty here, and it's because we just cut the chiefs massive cheques and the chiefs keep the money. We have natives living without paved roads or drinking water and the chiefs drive Cadillacs. Harper had a bill that would force all finances to be public, Trudeau squashed that his first week and just gave the chiefs $500m more and ran photo ops with a head-dress. HE has butchered our armed forces. Pulled us out of the f35 program after we dumped $30b into it, his best friends at bombardier got in a squabble with Boeing and Trudeau nixed a big Boeing deal. Now we are replacing out old fighters from 1984 with Australian fighters from 1983. He is the first pm to violate federal ethics laws, he laughed it off. It goes on and on. I could write all day but I'm on the toilet and my legs are asleep
Madventures is amazing. I have watched everything I can get my hands on. Absolutely awesome show.
Amano Mcgann - off hawthorn. They do automated parking systems and all the server side stuff that goes along with it. Small company in Ottawa, but globally they are the biggest in the world for that field. They seem to be making a push in Canada and I expect expansion in the next few years.
For a game where people dump thousands of dollars, it's cray that 99% of the support tickets are automated responses.
The piss off is I used reshade and sweetfx for loads of other games. Without knowing, you literally need a fresh install with only wows installed.
Not always true. When the big false negative van wave happened last year, I ran a vanilla client and got a warning. I suspect it's because I use an api injector for admin tools for my "the forest" server(a game on steam). Completely unrelated to warships. WG has stated in their fix to do registry cleaning after removing sweetfx, this indicates their anticheat doesn't just scan the game or memory. Who knows. In the end we have no idea how it works so how can people be safe.
I think the onus has to be on not fucking over people who play legitimately....With server side RNG limiting what any cheat can do, I'd be fine with WG staying on the safe side.
Bridlewood Medical Centre Ottawa, ON K2M 2Y2 (613) 592-0805 https://goo.gl/maps/Eo4jkdfmDpn Taking new patients
You know they say the safest time to fly was right after 9/11
May have changed, we just joined up a week ago ourselves.
We have retailers in Canada jumping on those reports. "Discount GPU with a custom game system". Price of all components minus the GPU - $1450. Price including the GPU - $3200 Prive before "gamer over miner discount" - $3270 Yah, a 1080ti is, at a minimum, $1,500 with no delivery date or card type guarantee (could be a reference card or could be a custom cooler card, no choice on manufacturer). Saw one shop with a 1080ti in stock yesterday listed at $1,999 and it vanished in minutes. Who the fuck buys that? The break even is like 2 years, and in Ontario our electricity costs are insane.
Trudeau has worse approval ratings than trump is that says anything.
I donno, it puts us in a trade war, but at the end of the day, we need America more than they need us.
Trudeau may be great for selfies and the media loves him, but he's kind of turning out to be a disaster to those who are over his fancy socks and planking.
He's sending it anywhere that gets him fame. But our vets are asking for too much.
As a Canadian, we are a haven for terrorist and our government is all kinds of messed up. I think it's completely ok to say we are a security concern. Our infrastructure has buckled under the refugee crisis and our ability to screen is nothing like it was years ago.
Could be, I remember seeing numbers sub 40, but it also could have been when trump was higher. Your numbers are still close though.
Hot enough to kill people
People die in my city when we hit 36c, though our humidity makes it feel 10c. Though we also hit -40c
The PC party will loose zero ground to the liberals. But the NDP easily could have some move from orange to red. Every red vote is a vote taken from orange.
Possible.
Timing is to inflict maximum damage
Nope. I live in Kanata and work in the East end. It doesn't serve either. That and the highest fares in the country make it kind of pointless.
