I'm trying to picture what defiantly joining a game would look like.
But it's in the Gem Store for the same price. Edit: You can buy it through the gem store interface, but may not use gems.
But what happens to the people that are buying this pre-order right now that own the base game? Will they be refunded?
Yeah, I'm in the same spot, I don't want to pay for more than I am getting.
But this doesn't feel fair to anyone that has the game already. New players essentially get the base game for free.
No it is priced in dollars and is just for you connivence. (you already have your credit card in the gem store if you have bought anything) But no, gems you currently have can not be used for the preorder.
No, of course not, but to say "here's the game+plus expansion for $50, but if you already own the game... $50" Does that sound fair?
Sorry, I should of clarified. Thank you for that.
I suppose that is a fair point, I just personally disagree with a business model like that. I can see both sides of the argument though. Edit: I would also like to quote part of the HoT faq: "Q: Do I have to own Guild Wars 2 to play the expansion? A: Yes. Guild Wars 2: Heart of Thorns is an expansion to Guild Wars 2 and not a stand-alone campaign, and therefore it requires the base game to play." This seems to imply someone should buy the game before hand. So what about people that just bought it a few days ago? Should they get a refund?
But now everyone bought it three years ago. What if you bought it yesterday at full price and than are told today that you could have saved that money?
We can only hope.
Just to build on that, it seemed clear that there will be a leaderboard of some sort.
Spend them while you can?
Just to answer a few things: 1. HoT does not have 3 maps or zones or whatever. Verdant Brink (the first single map we enter in the expansion will have 3 distinct layers- the recent beta event showed half of one of those layers) So HoT will have an unknown number of maps- ANet has not said how many. Guild halls will occur somewhere as large instances. Don't worry the expansion will be plenty big. 2. No info on arena specifics, but there has been more info through an interview. I will grab the link. Edit: [here is the link](http://www.zam.com/story.html?story=36174)
They have confirmed that they will be instances. [source](http://www.zam.com/story.html?story=36174)
I really look forward to fighting a guild hall full of mordrem on my own. I'll make my own challenging content!
Actually it's like buying a car with five steering wheels, but you have to pay a bit more for access to a sixth steering wheel that was advertised heavily.
You got to play the game for the last however long with no subscription fee.
Not replying? If you aren't buying HoT, you don't have anything to discuss.
Only two? You realize that people have to sit down and create these things right? How many were you expecting?
I believe they have said that not all the new legendaries will be available at the launch of HoT and I think they are going to be focusing on the weapons that currently have a "joke" legendary. (such as short bow)
Hence the quotes.
This is most likely one of the first weapons that will get a second legendary.
Not that we know of.
From Guild Halls: Taken From the Enemy blog post: &gt;While the Initiative Headquarters is not a full guild hall, it will provide access to existing features that we’re moving out of the guild panel for those guilds that do not upgrade to the expansion.
I'm sure it will reappear next wintersday. It would be unusual for them to offer one eater at any time (you might have to buy living story season 2 but it is still possible to get whenever you want) and only offer one as a one time deal. Just six short months to go!
That's about 8-10 silverwastes chest farm loops. You could get those back in no time.
Correct, and I don't know how the guild bank will be handled. I was simply providing a source.
[Highly relevant](http://images.mmorpg.com/features/7215/images/volunteer%20comic.jpg)
Guild Halls will be locked, and those that don't purchase HoT will use the new Guild building in Lion's Arch. This building will not have the features of a guild hall, just NPCs so all guilds can stay on even footing. (there won't be a Tavern but there will be the Tavern NPC, etc.)
No official word, but it would be reasonable to assume they will end when HoT is released. Since the pre-purchase is now how new players buy the core game, I don't see them pulling the pre-purchase at any time. Also, once HoT is out the price and packages (deluxe, ultimate) will be the same, but you will have missed beta weekends and the chance to get the title.
[From the wiki](http://wiki.guildwars2.com/images/5/51/Mist_Herald_Back_Item_Skin.jpg)
Overcast reference? Or am I missing something by not hosting one?
Happy birthday! I suppose my advice would be to take the time to read a physical book, any sort will do. (even a comic book) And take care of summer homework now, it's far more satisfying.
Have a level 80, go to the silverwastes, do events to earn bandit crests, buy keys from the vendor in camp resolve, look in the lfg tool (hit y and go to the second tab down) for a chest train group, "join in the silverwastes", follow commander, press f to loot, repeat. (this isn't the best explanation but I'm on mobile)
You're going to have to change your password as well, just as a heads up.
I have 3 and a personal guild with the first and second upgrades. This gives me 90 slots for account bound items (my bank) and 150 slots for non-account bound items (guild bank) such as materials or tonics.
OP also suggested making them a crafting material.
Which pre-purchase 'tier' did you get?
I guess look at what gives xp, and find the cheapest option.
If you feel like this is a bug, make a bug report.
Dying of the Light is a sci fi book.
The answer is t6 mats if you are trying to convert to gold or make a legendary.
Are EU players able to join NA guilds or vice versa?
I'm guessing instantly.
Noir Edit: I should mention that it's more important that you enjoy your writing than it is to follow what others want.
A longer format (the Americapox video is another longer one), that goes more in-depth on the topic and also relies more on actual video footage than his usual animated style.
Given that the Nordic countries are in the top 10 of the [Democracy Index](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democracy_Index), I'm not sure anyone could seriously say it isn't working. Still an interesting question though.
I believe he usually uses reddit, but I think he has blocked the site from his computer for the most part, so probably no where at the moment. (see [dialing down](http://www.cgpgrey.com/blog/dialing-down)) He did once mention that he was interesting in following http://fivethirtyeight.com/since it was created by Nate Silver, so it would be interesting to see what his thoughts are now.
Happy cake day!
I highly recommend the Wait But Why series on Elon http://waitbutwhy.com/2015/05/elon-musk-the-worlds-raddest-man.html
Isn't it Getting Things Done and one other book? I forget the second one but this question was asked on HI.
He can do his usual animated-grey-at-his-desk
I think he means the style of the video, not a follow-up on the subject.
I feel like ANet already discussed that this is exactly how it will work.
I'm just going to assume this is attempted humor.
I feel like future expansions were confirmed while they unveiled HoT, elite specs, masteries, guild halls, etc., were all designed to be built upon for future expansions.
Yes it is
I don't see why not.
Hahaha! I didn't even think about that, but yes, I might have a conflict of interests.
I believe his wife lived there? He mentioned it on HI.
Also, it's silly to waste a question on something that's already been answered right? I mean, the video is only going to be so long, so it's best if everything asked is unique.
I think so, yes
&gt; Written and Directed by Joel &amp; Ethan Coen It'll work. Don't worry.
An alphabetical listing of the cast? It's not like the number of name matches the number actor pictures and looks weird.
No, go watch the trailer.
Maybe add a /s next time? Sarcasm is hard to convey in text.
The length means you can go more in depth on a topic, a 15 minute video really lets you cover all the points you want to make, especially compared to the average video of 5 minutes or so. In addition, HNNA uses a lot of real world video as opposed to still images and animations. This gives it a look of "higher production value" (and in fact, Grey has said that the video cost a fair bit more than normal to create because of the video footage).
I think I'll be going with this one. I just hope that the OSX version is released soonish.
What VPN option would you suggest for a student who can't afford Cloak?
It's $30 in their own website: http://shop.teslamotors.com/collections/accessories/products/tesla-mug-set
I read that as "likely to ship autonomously" and got really confused and excited.
When the current season ends, ranks reset and you can make more progress by crossing the same divisions again. This way, almost anyone can get the item it will just take longer.
Would you consider offering a way to remove discipline experience?
Yeah it makes sense, but it's still really annoying that you can't remove disciplines. (At least I find it annoying, I'm sure it doesn't bother everyone)
I'm almost positive that all they said was buying each component backpiece would be cheaper during the first year and once the year is up the price will increase and the new items will be at the cheaper price. Essentially, the backpieces are on discount for the year and will go up to "normal" at the end of the year and the new items will be on discount for the next year. Although the price will only go up once, it will be easier to get the backpieces during the first year. You should be able to unlock them at any point in the future though. I've seen people talk about the backpiece being removed, so if ANet changed something please let me know. The price increase was what I read from blog posts.
Those would probably be put in options if they were ever added to the game.
Given that he never mentions it in a video or podcast, I'm guessing most people (like me) don't know about it.
Correct, but I don't recall you mentioning a book. (It's entirely possible that I am wrong though). Also, congrats on 2 million!
Looks like Tesla doesn't sell cars in Turkey, wonder if that's the only place you can't buy one or something?
If you look on wikipedia, the yellow house in the background has since been painted white with blue trim and so has it's model and it's model's model. [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Godshill_Model_Village.jpg) [google maps] (https://www.google.com/maps/@50.6326456,-1.254745,3a,75y,325.76h,79.07t/data=!3m8!1e1!3m6!1s-_g-iCm0FOI0%2FVZlBNfSVi3I%2FAAAAAAAAAxk%2Fp4hhOeAz-EA!2e4!3e11!6s%2F%2Flh5.googleusercontent.com%2F-_g-iCm0FOI0%2FVZlBNfSVi3I%2FAAAAAAAAAxk%2Fp4hhOeAz-EA%2Fw203-h101-n-k-no%2F!7i10240!8i5120)
&gt;Me and a friend just downloaded GW2, if we were to spawn near each other, we just need to pick the same server and race? We'll probably go with different professions. yes, pick the same server, but you don't need to pick the same race, because you will start with one waypoint in each starting zone unlocked &gt;All I hear about survivability in this game is dodge, can someone link me a good guide or a video demonstrating how useful it is? (I'd search it myself but I'm on mobile for a few hours. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QJTwWY3tAE also, go ahead and turn off the "double tap a wasd key to dodge" feature and just learn to dodge with v or whatever you want to bind it to because it's just going to mess you up. &gt;We usually play by ourselves, with just the two of us, how likely are we to hit wall where we will need more people? And probably when? Well I would say 1. dungeons, but no one really plays those anymore, so the next thing would be 2. fractals, which you can use the LFG tool (press y) for at least the first half of fractal levels, so you're probably fine for a while on those (this is at level 80 btw) 3. guild activities, which need way more than 2 people, but I recommend you just find a guild to join (/r/guildrecruitment is a good spot, but you can wait till 80 to join) 4. raids, which need 10 people than all know what to do and can talk over ts/skype/mumble/discord/whatever (this assumes you have HoT and also you won't even be able to run a raid right at 80 so don't worry about it) tl;dr honestly, not for a long, long time
As soon as they are added to the collection, you are fine to delete the items.
Because Amazon.
It's still the last book if you read them in publication order. (The proper way to read the series)
Try equipping it.
It releases with the next quarterly patch, which should line up with the end of the current PvP season. Edit: middle of July is when the PvP season ends
Well I guess their fix wasn't without flaw. Let ANet know with a bug report that it still doesn't work for you.
There is a trial mode before the boost is fully consumed so feel free to try it out and if you don't like it you can just cancel it.
Have you tried fractals since the HoT change? I personally find them a lot more fun than before. Also, your personal fractal level doesn't matter, it's how much Agony Resistance you have. I'm pretty sure you only need to get to level 25 before you unlock lfg for up to fractal scale 50.
You're welcome!
I have the day off and so far I've just been reading. 10:30am
You might want to try /r/askreddit, or a more education specific subreddit for a better response.
House of Leaves by Mark Z. Danielewski It's really, really good, but also a very unusual book.
Do you think that the new design uses space better than the old one?
But that's why reddit is great, because you can choose exactly which communities to be a part of. You like reddit so much because it's about all the stuff you like and if you change, reddit can change with you.
What about the new raid testing area?
They will absolutely be able to retrieve your account, I've switched email before and it wasn't a problem at all. I would say expect a response either today or tomorrow depending on how busy support is. Also, this is the perfect place for a quick question like yours.
Verdant Brink is the easiest in my opinion.
Not this.
But he clearly states how little of an impact cleaning towels on the environment. I mean, do you think that everyone that drives a car that isn't electric or a hybrid anti environment?
The reddit app probably doesn't have it because it's a gold feature
Try contacting support
Yes to both questions. Additionally, black lion salvage kits should be used when salvaging an exotic item with a rune you want to sell.
I haven't personally experienced this so I'm not sure, the next time it happens, check your Internet connection.
Looks like I was proven wrong. Glad your question was answered. :)
Start with number 1 it's the best way to listen to them.
http://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Astralaria#Full_material_list Looks like there's a fair amount of stuff you can get without the expansion. Mystic Tribute, Gift of the Mists, 100 Icy Runestones, Gift of Metal, and a Bloodstone Shard all should be doable without HoT. I would also look through the precursor crafting and collections, there's going to be a fair number of time gated materials and other currencies and items there you can gather in advance.
Wait, why is someone else playing on your account a problem? What if I login to my friends account every day and just mail his login rewards to my main account? (Both accounts are paid for and he doesn't play anymore)
And some orange thing.
Try blocking out time in a calendar to work on writing. You could also try writing in a different location than your home. I hear those "coffee shops" are a common spot. :)
What sort of movies do you like to watch? Or do you have directors or actors you like? What books are you reading right now?
What do you like to watch on YouTube?
What are you reading right now?
What does world building involve?
Awesome, thanks for answering questions like this. I'm sure you have a lot of work to do to get the app ready for launch, but I really appreciated it and I'm a lot of other people do too.
Glad to help, let me know if you have any other questions, I know way to much about this game.
Ah, well you can still try the calendar trick. What about biking? Maybe to a library?
Glad I could help out! :)
Big Wes Anderson fan, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou are both really good. I like David Fincher, Zodiac might be my favorite of his. I do really need to see more Edgar Wright movies, I've only seen Scott Pilgrim and Ant-Man. (I don't think I actually knew Ant-Man was by him at the time) Favorite movies of mine include The Departed, Silence of the Lambs, Schindler's List, Dead Poets Society, Good Morning, Vietnam, and I'm stopping there because I would probably spend way to much time just listing movies. I haven't read anything by Dawkins, but I hear good things. Right now I'm reading House of Leaves by Mark Z. Danielewski, American Gods by Neil Gaiman, and Superintelligence by Nick Bostrom.
Ah, ok the only gaming channel I watch is Dunkey. I mostly stick to educational(?) (informative?) channels.
Hmm I haven't read either, but I've heard of the Zen one.
Ok, well server actually doesn't matter at all for PvP or PvE since Guild Wars 2 uses a "mega server" system were it just groups people from all different NA servers (or EU if that's where you're playing) together. I don't really have a good thumb on what the best servers for WvW are, but if you just pick one that is labeled as having more people you'll probably be set.
There's no way of knowing if ANet will do anything about mystic coins.
That's a good idea.
If you want to watch a genuine play through, Dunkey isn't what you want, but if you are looking to laugh your way through the whole video, go watch Dunkey. For educational channels I watch CGP Grey, Vihart, Kurzgesagt, Smarter Every Day, Minute Physics, Minute Earth, Objectivity, Veritasium, VSauce, and Every Frame a Painting.
No problem!
Yeah this really isn't free booting.
Destin has started a new channel that records video and audio of different locations, but the audio is recorded on two different microphones (one for each ear), so when you watch the video you get a sense of being in that location.
You must not have read the book Red Mars by Kim Stanley Robinson. I highly recommend it if you want to read a book that really gets into how settling on Mars might play out.
Yes, but I decided to explain the concept rather than assume everyone knows what binaural audio is.
Not sure if your flag point was a joke, but none of the games Grey plays involve flags.
Did we read the same post? OP just explained how playing through the raid is completely unnecessary if you really want to read the lore. Sure, maybe there could be a better design, but other players are giving you a solution while you ask ANet for one.
I think you are vastly over estimating the difficulty of raids. There are guides, builds and explanations of every part. The only limiting factor is acquiring gear and that just takes time.
Why did I have to scroll this far to find someone name this film?
I'm looking forward to the WWDC were Apple can tell me how outdated all my stuff is. But seriously, I do hope they announce some cool stuff.
If they've gone to so much trouble, you think they would also bother to price the game normally.
I was actually just recommended Her Story yesterday, so I'll request that one.
Everyone downvoting him is clearly taking offense.
You always had the option to block safari using restrictions. Edit: If you read the article (you really just have to look at the pictures) you'll see safari is not one of the stock apps that can be removed in this new way.
You can disable safari in restrictions and still use chrome and any apps with built-in web browsing like normal. Apps that rely directly on safari will not function completely.
&gt; Contact Steam Yeah that usually works perfectly.
Because (as far as I can tell) Bernie and Clinton differ on some issues that Bernie supporters feel strongly about. A large number of Bernie supporters are younger and therefore this is likely one of the first presidential elections they've taken place in. Now that the primary process is coming to an end, neither presumptive nominee for either major party represents what Bernie fans are looking for in a candidate.
I don't think that the phrase is suddenly being used more, it sounds like a bit of a coincidence. The phrase has been around for quite some time.
Yeah I noticed an alarming amount of stuff can now be done without even opening the phone.
Actually no, smart watches appear to be the first watches people can use as both professional and exercise watches.
Actually iOS 10 will let you remove some default apps.
Either people will use them or they won't
Let your mailbox fill up, after which you wouldn't get any more mail.
No. Sorry.
Why can't you have these items? I realize legendaries are near impossible on F2P accounts, but what stops you from crafting ascended items? To answer your question just check the wiki page for spirit shards, it will list all the uses. (Eldritch Scroll, Mystic Crystal, and Philosopher's Stone may be useful)
My guess would be that it's a more a matter of someone at ANet actually spending time to fix this. (and make sure their fix actually works) I would be surprised if this is a different fix, it's probably just not high on the priority list.
But he clearly opened the image because otherwise he wouldn't know it was a picture of one of Grey's videos.
Ah ok
This happened before with TouchID, the first iPad to be released after TouchID didn't have it (likely because it was being developed in parallel and I assume the SE was the same), but then every iOS device after has had it. So no, doesn't seem odd at all.
Yeah, I've always heard it as reed.
Who is downvoting this person? All they're doing is giving their opinion.
Sorry buddy, but the proper reference here is *It's an older code sir, but it checks out*
It just annoys me that people don't seem to always know how voting works
I just noticed someone has a rainbow, how did they get that one?
That's really cool
Why not just use a full set of cultural?
Well I don't like heights so that's probably why I don't like looking at it.
Are you using the new 64bit client or the 32bit one?
They did, I remember a post on here a week or two back about this.
I believe there is a bug or something right now, but once that's fixed, then yes because there are now two servers two a team. It seems a lot more active at the moment.
Mine's quite a bit more active so it must just depend on the server.
I'm genuinely surprised you've played idle games without hearing about about cookie clicker. As far as I know, it was the popularity of cookie clicker that resulted in the creation of a lot of the recent idle games.
Turn on rotation lock?
There's no way someone that doesn't already understand what net neutrality is would understand that. The article is still poorly worded
I'm sure we all forget sometimes :D
Archer isn't gory at all?
Depends how old the family is. Definitely not appropriate for kids though.
Moonrise Kingdom and The Grand Bundapest Hotel are the names. That's a pretty wide range of movies, so I'll just recommended some that I saw recently and liked. The Raid: Redemption Ex Machina Zodiac (basically any David Fincher movie is good) The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou is another good one by Wes Anderson Saw it awhile ago, and it's nothing like any of the films you listed, but Her is really good.
A quick check of Google says no
And hence the one that will receive upvotes.
I've seen all of black mirror, that's a great show!
I want to go watch that again now.
It was great because the book is a wonderful experience, and I went in really worried that the film wouldn't be able to match it. But it was clear pretty quickly that Hugo had no problem matching the magic of the book.
Well, you can join up to five guilds, maybe it's time to look for a PvP focused one? (Plus since repping does basically nothing these days it's pretty easy to be active in more than one guild) Edit: /r/guildrecruitment
Maybe realize that everyone likes different things and just because you enjoy the game doesn't mean everyone should. In fact, if everyone liked the same thing the world would be a pretty boring place. Also feel free to comment and let them know what's new and why they should return. Not really sure what there is to feel "jaded" about.
/dance /sit Etc....
A kasmeer is a unit of weight (or maybe mass), not length.
Maybe you just like Alfonso Cuarón?
A second tweet revealed that someone sent it to the PO Box they used for the flag referendum.
Lighten up man. If it bothered you so much that he had a bit of fun instead of actually giving an answer you could have just given one yourself.
He's done this twice, at the Royal Society and when they counted votes. I can just say as someone that listens to a lot of podcasts though that you can tell when people are at the same mic. There's always more "mistakes" or other sounds one person makes while another is talking that just can't get edited out like you could with separate recordings.
Why?
He's not talking about switching to PCs from macs, he's just saying he would get one to play VR one. Nothing is being switched.
Why? Sitting in an office isn't some natural state for humans, a VR workspace is literally just a change of scenery. What's your worry here?
Maybe this is me, but I understood maybe 10% of the references and enjoyed the book fine. Who cares what the space suit or other stuff looks like exactly? I'll imagine it however I want, because that's how every sci fi or fantasy book works.
Thanks for taking the time to respond :)
[The Glitch Mob - Seven Nation Army Remix](https://youtu.be/-m7e7tCn7Bk)
I try to do something that will take my mind off of it (or keep me up until I'm so tired that even being creeped out can't keep me awake). I'd say the first option is a better one. Any favorite hobbies?
You can't listen to people like that.
Also what op posted and what this commenter are talking about are two separate animations. The one OP posted is correct, because the earth is not being led by the sun.
Well it should be, it's made by a pretty smart guy. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IJhgZBn-LHg
OP did give credit in the comments
Here's the source video https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IJhgZBn-LHg
I know you think this is the same thing as that wrong video from a while back, but it isn't it's done correctly. Here's the source video: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IJhgZBn-LHg
Here's the source video: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IJhgZBn-LHg I think it just looks odd because it's so much faster than how the earth actually moves.
Yes! Our solar system is part of the Milky Way galaxy, and the sun orbits the center of our galaxy in a similar way that we orbit the sun.
Here's the source video, it seems pretty accurate in that. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IJhgZBn-LHg
It takes a while for him to make videos due to the amount of research, scripting and editing. So despite the fact that it seems like a long time since the last video, I would bet mostly he's just been working on this video during that time.
Eh, you missed a comment. It's an easy mistake.
Looks like someone else already game an answer, but it's awesome that you're so curious about space! Here's the source video for the gif: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IJhgZBn-LHg That channel has lots of other awesome videos like this one: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7uiv6tKtoKg
I didn't know that (he's not a youtuber I follow super closely), but I can't say I'm surprised at all.
I don't know, it's a pretty fun ride.
No it's not entirely true, because I'm not Michael and I have no real idea how he spends his time. I'm just making an educated guess based on what other youtubers have said.
Glad to let more people know about an awesome youtube channel. VSauce has a lot of weird and wonderful videos. (I'd also be happy to recommend more educational youtube channels if you want)
If you want more Derek, there's always his [second channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/2veritasium/).
Are you talking about where he shows 100 *years* of earth moving forward? Because I didn't hear him say 100 meters anywhere.
I don't doubt that in the future (probably the very near future), some people will spend a large portion of their life in VR, just as many people today spend much of their life in front of a computer. I know I do. But there are others that just aren't interested. The idea of VR won't capture their imaginations as much as traveling to mars will or summiting the tallest mountains in the world or becoming a person of power in the government. Today, some people dedicate their lives to creating artificial worlds and digital workspaces, but I don't believe everyone will flock to VR. There's plenty of reasons to stay right here in this world.
10.6 million subscribers is a lot of people to send out a video to. I imagine anyone in that position would want their videos to looks as polished as possible.
Brady is a great example. Also, putting our brains in computers always grabs ones attention, but I do think that putting computers (specifically AI) in our brains is a distinct possibility.
People do it all the time, and when you're on mobile you don't even notice, but on desktop, you're suddenly presented with a huge version of a mobile site and it looks terrible.
The future of humanity is endlessly interesting. Unfortunately, most people I know don't seem super interested in this.
&gt; But is it really? [Yes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tidal_locking#The_Moon)
Honestly names seem a bit random in this game. If you use ascended weapons it seems like it keeps the names short though.
For me, not having to compete with other players for rewards is a great design feature. In other MMOs seeing another player often means it will be harder for me to get what items I want, but in Guild Wars 2 everyone gets credit or rewards on an individual basis. Another player is a good sign because they'll only be helping. Although there are no mounts, this game uses a waypoint system which means you can go anywhere you've already been in seconds. It's a great system. The end game content focuses on fashion rather than stats. It's very easy to get top level armor that is good enough for any open world PvE area. You'll have to but in a bit more work if you are looking to do Raids or high level fractals (a type of dungeon), but mostly late game is making your character look cool. Also, picking a race will affect your personal story, but none have any in game advantage over the others. Leveling is mostly done through events that just happen in the world. You're never going to have a list of quests that you need to complete, just wander around and do what looks interesting. If an area is too easy, just head to a different area. The combat is a lot of fun. There's a lot to learn, but each profession has unique mechanics and the weapons you pick determine what attacks you will have. There's also a dodging mechanic that you have control over, and a big part of combat is learning when to attack and when to move out of the way so you don't get destroyed. Everything gives you xp. Chopping down trees, reviving other players (oh, yeah everyone can revive everyone else), crafting, just exploring the maps, and the usual killing stuff and completing events. There's probably more, but it's hard to think of everything.
Play WvW, and it's only a few gold for a full exotic set.
If you have the full game, just wait until you hit level 80. However, if you wait longer than that, all exp after 80 will be wasted without HoT.
You don't need any masteries to get proof of heroics.
There's no way to hide tooltips. I'm really curious though, how do play that you need to click the skills rather than the keyboard buttons?
Well it's just completely random then. I don't think there's anything you can do about it.
Have fun!
Except that there's other similar places to put crafting stations that would provide the same convince of return the player to the same spot on the map. The PvP lobby or Guild Halls would both be great options. And if moving crafting stations solves the problem, that seems a lot easier than changing how active WvW players are labeled.
What about the PvP lobby then? I can't think of an argument against adding crafting stations there.
Because I have alts that are parked in hard to reach areas that are also max leveled in crafting. Crafting stations in WvW meant that I could craft on these characters without needing to move in PvE.
People aren't talking about politics, they're taking about voting. While politics and voting are closely linked it's two different topics. To be a bit more clear about this, look at the comments again and see if you can tell what political stance any of those people have. Now see if you can figure out what their stance on voting systems are.
I only read the Netflix description of the film, so I had no idea it was a comedy going in.
Do I need a question for my comment to be entered in the giveaway?
I don't think so, but you can adjust UI size which might affect those messages.
Honestly, I'm not sure because I have an mmo mouse, but I know that most of my friends use the keyboard buttons and get along fine.
Well I don't play any of those games (although I have played a tiny bit of LoL a while back), but I do read quite a bit and I'm a pretty big fan of space. What other books do like or what books are you reading right now?
What??? Taste is a personal preference, but red onions look way better because when you cut them the layers are clearly marked. Also normal onions are a boring white or tan color, and in terms of overall shape all onions are basically the same. Red onions don't look stupid.
If you're on a computer, it's going to be keeping you awake. You might already have it, but you should get [f.lux](https://justgetflux.com/). It's just good for your health.
Well I've read both Artemis Fowl and the Inheritance cycle, but that was a while ago so I'm guessing there's an age difference here and what I currently read might not be the best recommendation. I usually read either sci-fi, fantasy, or nonfiction. Right now I'm reading American Gods by Neil Gaiman.
I suppose that's all that really matters :)
I'm not sure I could narrow it down to one. The Chronicles of Narnia were probably the best books I read as a kid. More recent favorites include The Great Gatsby, To Kill a Mockingbird, Dune, 2312, Fahrenheit 451, The Things They Carried, and The Book Thief.
Yes, but if they are already in the map and a queue starts, that's however many spots that are being taken up for no reason.
Don't go for bifrost just because it might be easier. If you really want Nevermore, make that one.
You might want to consider waiting since ANet has been bringing back unavailable items recently.
It's so it can be used as a youtube ad. The first five seconds of a normal trailer really don't sell the movie and you can skip the rest, so they add five seconds to the front.
I don't see why not.
Yeah one cortex episode, you can go through show notes to find the one that links to cloak
https://www.megamegamonitor.com/
Thanks, I forgot about that
LOST SOUL 42
Alright, what's next?
Can I save someone else?
LOST SOUL 1
https://gw2efficiency.com/crafting/calculator/71383-Nevermore That link takes the precursor, Including all its collections into account.
Hmmm I wonder where he got the idea :)
I suppose it will remain a mystery forever
Awesome! Thank you for all the work you put into this.
No idea
Wait, is it a Nightvale reference?
Alright just checking, I haven't listened in a while
You really should watch it. Even if you just watch a few, none of the episodes are connected.
I'm from the US and the regal theater by me offers coffee
I've been kicked from fractal groups because of LA loading times
Yessss!!! Finally!
Why do you need to swype so much to get to eight apps? Put them on one screen.
You can always buy yourself gold
Well the price is back to 1g, so yes it did fix itself.
https://gw2efficiency.com/currencies/karma Scroll down and look through the lists
Depends how much karma you have. I was making 93k karma a day with all the buffs I had on.
I have this problem on my laptop because of the screen size using Chrome. It's only on my user page which includes saved and saved - res buttons and that makes this happen.
At this point I've seen more posts complaining about people complaining than I've seen people complaining.
Why is this guy getting downvoted?
Ah, I didn't notice it was an edit
Only Nintendo can answer this question
Seeing how it's almost a full year away, it's highly likely, but nothing is guaranteed
Anker is a pretty reliable company, I recommend one from them
You can get it in black
No
&gt; The Nintendo Switch will launch in Japan, the US, Canada, "major European countries" and Hong Kong on March 3 http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2017/01/nintendo-switch-launches-worldwide-march-3-299-in-us/
Each joycon will have 20 hour battery life and will charge when attached to the switch
Yes and yes
Only nintendo and retailers know
Probably only HDMI, but I'm confused why you would want this.
https://smile.amazon.com/Nintendo-Switch-Screen-Protector-Orzly/dp/B01N9RG3XS
It has speakers, but no microphone. Voice chat will work through a smart phone app.
Very, very unlikely. If you're concerned about battery life maybe consider getting a rechargeable battery.
They were really lazy with adding the achievement icon, it doesn't even match the style of the others. [Here's a better mock up of potential icons](https://i.imgur.com/PuAjVf4.jpg).
It is number of players. This game is for 2 players in the TV and tabletop mode, it can't be played in handheld. I'm not sure how clearer it could be.
If you pre-ordered grey you get grey, although I guess you could always ask when you pick it up. I would assume they will say no
Maybe [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/firefly/comments/5p4d80/the_official_portrait_of_our_captain_should_be/) with 50k upvotes would be the cause
It could be illegal to sell something like this for your own profit, but there's nothing wrong with just making one for yourself.
If you want to bold text, use \*\*bold\*\* to get **bold**. I'm assuming that's what you're trying to do with [b].
No problem!
What else would paying for online mean?
Interesting. I was thinking about Xbox live and PSwhatever, do those offer exceptions?
http://www.zelda.com/breath-of-the-wild/amiibo No info on these new ones yet, but here's the official page. You can see functionality for some older ones.
Buy a [heater](http://stardewvalleywiki.com/Heater)
Well you can whistle for the horse, so maybe this can be done while the horse runs toward you?
&gt; turn rumble off for extended battery life You can't seriously need more than 20 hours of battery life. Also, just a side note: "The most natural way to game" isn't a thing.
&gt; Rumor has it there are even more connections between the original The Legend of Zelda and the upcoming The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. It'll be fun trying to find them all when the game is finally released in 2017! I'm guessing there will be a fair number of easter eggs.
https://i.imgur.com/bn8OgD2.jpg
Just look at how poorly the 3DS is doing! /s
This is the same person that gets annoyed every year when smartphones have new features, because "Who needs a camera on their phone???"
Oh, I agree that plenty of new features aren't super useful, but there's usually at least one thing that makes it a better phone than the year before. But for every legit complaint there's one that makes no sense. Plus people will complain no matter what gets released.
I honestly don't like the neon blue color. I went with grey, when I get another pair (I'll need 4 once Mario Kart is out) I'll go with red.
You realize it actually bothers some people right?
Make it a thing!
Someone yesterday was saying anyone that didn't like the mismatched colors of the neon Switch was an idiot because apparently if you disagree, you're wrong.
I'm aware, but I'm continually surprised by how worked up people get over the smallest thing. I mean, does this person have nothing better to care about that the joycon color of someone else's switch?
I saw someone arguing this based on how much these AAA titles sell, while ignoring that Pokemon was sitting in the number one spot.
Don't feel like you're required to like it. I will say that lots of people like the PC version because you can play it however you want. Mods, multiplayer mini game, RPG maps, people like it because the game can be whatever you want it to be.
Exactly. The clicking noise has the potential to get annoying pretty quickly.
I wish a bit more room was given to the game title. It's not like "The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild" was running off the screen, which means the cut off point was completely arbitrary and a bit more room would mean you could see the whole title a once. I assume this is done because the title is placed over whichever game is highlighted, but still.
Looks good so far!
If you think it looks good, go for it! It's your farm after all
Honestly I think with the small screen, you'll want to be holding it closer to you rather than have it on a table. It's really not that heavy either.
https://twitter.com/cgpgrey/status/824329669927440388
No news yet
Also the joy cons have 20hrs of battery life, so you shouldn't have to worry about it.
In handheld mode, the switch will only charge the joy cons if they are very low (So basically you don't lose battery life unless the joy cons are about to die). The joy cons will only get fully charged when the switch is docked or connected to usb-c. I think this is a good solution since the joy cons have vastly better battery life than the switch and as long as you have the switch and joy cons plugged in everynight, you could literally never have a joy con run out of battery.
/r/raining
You got the right thing. I find in general anker is a reliable company
And [rock climb](/spoiler)!
Make an account on this site and take your rightful spot as number one
[I totally agree, I always feel like I'm missing out.](/r/MegaMegaMonitor/wiki/encrypted "-1:U2FsdGVkX1856cBOv7D0h6WAB7QDo7E2ubMQ5qqFpJgShwECTO1PC1HEp/syDcHT")
As a TS user I know full well what DDOS is, there's no need to be condescending. But unless I missed a major overhaul of discord it doesn't even support subchannels. I know you can technically get it to work, but the TS I use for GW2 is for the entire WvW server not just my guild. Discord simply isn't build to handle that. There's not enough emphasis on the voice channel structure and too much focus on text chat. Don't get my wrong, there's a ton of great things about Discord, it's so much better in so many ways than TS. It's perfect for small groups, but it just isn't build for how my guild (and everyone else on the server) uses it.
So there's no good builds for Ranger or Thief? Those are the classes I main. If not I guess I'll go with guardian, but I honestly have no idea what my role in the zerg would be, I'm not sure if "frontline" would be fun for me. Is ele closer to ranger? (Does that question even make sense?)
Thanks
Is it really too much to ask? I mean, it's not that much money, and you don't need to spend it if you don't want to. That's why the share is an option.
Maybe, but I'm sure the dev has the numbers on this and would know if that's true or not.
You can fish with bombs or shock arrows
You should use the dark theme for Overcast as well!
Snapchat was alright until they covered every inch of the screen in ads and "sponsered content"
Hasn't it always been a thing? https://overcast.fm/ https://www.radiotopia.fm/ http://www.hellointernet.fm/ https://www.relay.fm/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FM_broadcasting
What was the website blocking software you mentioned? This is the sort of thing the shownotes are for!
Thanks... It's midnight and I'm supposed to be writing an essay :P Great episode by the way! I hope you guys do more of these in the future! Also the book graphic on the (not actually sure what the name is, it's not cover art though. You know what I mean) was a nice touch.
The least they could have done was let me pay to remove all the ads, like every other app ever.
There is!
Exactly. I'm hoping for dark mode, and I'm also hoping that apple makes light/dark icons for all their apps because it would force more developers to start using that feature.
Ori and the Blind Forest It's never happening because microsoft published it, but it would be nice.
No, OP is saying they need 16GB and wish it was cheaper.
Yeah but OP is asking for specific device downloads that don't also require me installing the app on my laptop where it just takes up space.
But why wait?
I believe he said beautiful. Something can look nice and not have good functionality. Some people would say that's right in line with apple.
That's what VR looks like. Glasses are AR. VR requires a lot more tech and as a result it looks "ugly". The Oculus rift does look "cleaner" because it doesn't use the same tech the vive is.
Link for this wireless version? I haven't seen that yet?
Well iPad doesn't need a ton of external sensors or anything.
Oh so nothing official then?
I guess I don't find it to be that ugly. Sorry it's not up to your brushed aluminum standards.
Tim did explicitly say "You'll be hearing a lot more about tvOS later this year."
More like buzzword
Just to update, it seems like the mods of /r/decadeclub are finally adding people again. I was given access this morning. Hopefully you didn't move stuff around already.
I think you have enough?
I'll happily save you a seat, but you know it's a karma thing right? Not about time
Of course :)
Comment karma counts :P Go apply now!
Well done! There's also /r/CenturyClub if you want a goal to work towards :)
You never know!
Well PCMR is for making jokes and stuff and /r/pcgaming is for actual discussion.
This is amazing work, thank you so much! I'm honestly more excited for all that you're doing than the final chapter of the living story.
I'm sure you would know more about that than me.
The video player is easily the weakest part of the app.
I just want the map to not show everything as a pile of rubble.
Yes. If you're ever unsure, https://wiki.guildwars2.com has info on everything in the game.
Pedantic is hardly an obscure word.
Just to be clear it's the Windows 10 version which is the same as the Xbox version. It won't have everything.
There's a visitor center and an apple store, I'm not how much is open to the public beyond that
It goes much further than night shift though
You shouldn't get downvoted for expressing a negative opinion. I'm not interested in this either.
You're not OP...
No surprises here
But you do need specific hardware for this to work. I agree that Apple is creating software here for car companies to use, you're just going to need companies to build in the proper cameras and radar/lidar for this to work.
I'm not sure what you're saying
That's true, but he really doesn't say much beyond "We're doing a thing".
Honestly I think they're just doing software at this point. Didn't they get rid of their actual automotive engineers?
Well we have no idea what any of this would look like, but your phone knows your calendar. So say you get in an apple self-driving cab and your phone can simply tell the car where you're going next. In theory you wouldn't even need to interact with the car or your phone, they would just take to each other. Like uber/lyft without an actual app or a driver for the car. Now obviously Apple Maps is really not ready for something like this, but this is is just the first thing I thought of. I'm sure apple knows what they're doing.
What privacy issues do you see?
Right, but if the computer is driving, what's personal about the data?
http://www.zelda.com/breath-of-the-wild/news/expansion-pass-dlc-pack-1-detailed/ We already know exactly what it does. It shows your path for the last 200 hours of game play. It works retroactively. It's just a new map feature.
Well there's also hard mode, the travel medallion, the map path thing, all the new armor.... Plus you're paying for the second dlc pack at the same time. http://www.zelda.com/breath-of-the-wild/news/expansion-pass-dlc-pack-1-detailed/
No problem!
The korok mask also seems really useful.
This isn't true, the map shows *up to 200 hours* of gameplay, or the 200 most recent hours. You do not need that many hours to take advantage of the feature, that would be absurd.
Shows where you've travelled for the last 200 hours of gameplay. http://zelda.com/breath-of-the-wild/news/expansion-pass-dlc-pack-1-detailed/
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DCNsJzAVwAAIvto.jpg:large Make sure the ":large" bit stays when you click the link
No, The Trial of the Sword, Hero's Path, Travel Medallion, and new armor don't require you to have completed the game as far as I know. The *whole point* of the Hero's Path and Korok Mask is to help you complete the game. Hardmode will create a new *separate* save file. You will have to start again, but you will get to keep your progress on your regular save. http://zelda.com/breath-of-the-wild/news/expansion-pass-dlc-pack-1-detailed/
The "net worth" of companies was a lot better on Siri, Google assistant was basically just reading from the web and gave both Apple and Google's net worth when asked for Google. It bothered me that neither seemed capable of saying "three and a half billion", the fact that both spelled it out in billion and million was very robotic. It was nice that Google Assistant seemed to provide a list of times for Canada since there's a number of time zones. Siri didn't do this.
To be fair this is beta software and may see further changes before September.
There's actually very little of that. It's more sad stories that are guaranteed to get a bunch of upvotes like "My puppy died today". If you're going to bash something, at least criticized it properly.
Are you sure that they aren't both worshipping Apple and Grey just happens to be more invested in the ecosystem?
We don't know how this will be handled in regards to ui. If there is an always present virtual home button, probably not. But there's no way to know. I think you're thinking about it the wrong way in regards to the second question. The screen covers the entire phone, with a protrusion on one side. When watching a video, there will be black bars on either side and the video will be centered to the middle of the screen *which is also the middle of the phone*. Yes technically one side has more "screen", but what's the concern here?
There will be black bars because of the size of the screen, with a button to "expand" the video to fit. Go look at how the iPad handles this. That is literally Apple's solution.
Is burn in an issue on OLED? And why would it be displayed any more that the status bar currently is?
&gt; The route tracking feature is working already also. So, it is applied retrospectively with the DLC and will still show your previous 200hrs play We've heard this bit before, but all that other stuff is new. Thanks for sharing!
No, the new gameplay and story stuff is separate. (Story stuff being part of the DLC 2 this winter)
That's pretty cool :)
But surely some of the time it would be blank or display something else? It would be a waste to keep it static.
I'm sorry I just thought in terms of video. I don't know what the solution would be for proper landscape mode.
I could imagine they just black it out and maybe there's a virtual home button to make it symmetric? It would have to be really small home button though so that's probably not right.
I would just wait and see. There's still 6 months before this thing becomes a product.
Exactly. Feel free to judge the sound quality, but people should keep in mind there's a lot of software behind the sound of this thing and we saw absolutly nothing about Siri. With another six moths before release it seems like people are calling things a bit early.
Yeah, a lot of people seem to be going after siri on this as if these are intended to be competitive products. Maybe we'll see a cheaper Homepod one day, but right now it's a speaker first and assistant second.
Why? This is clearly the angle of this device. Take a quick look at the product page of the HomePod. It's nothing but speaker speaker speaker until about 3/4 of the way down the page.
It's not for everyone.
Actual underlying issue: The Homepod is in no way priced to compete with the Echo and Google Home right now. A $350 price tag vs $130 or $140 obviously makes a difference for people. Now that's not to say it won't do well because it's clearly a speaker first and assistant second, but it's being compared to products that are assistants first and speakers second. All of that said I have no interest in the Homepod. I don't need a speaker or a home assistant and I'm not sure it would be my first choice in either category. I also agree that Siri has room for improvement. I think another big issue for people is if "just works" with Spotify and other music options. However, the product isn't out until December. I'm happy to wait six months and judge it then.
Airpods? Compared to that narrow category they are pretty reasonable. I see your point though.
Focus on the events more than the hearts to level up. Instead of quest npcs in this game there's always an npc that will start an event. Now, you can complete maps if you ever want legendary weapons, but it's not a requirement. I think the best way to play the game is just stumble around and discover stuff. Every 10 levels you will get a part of the story until you reach 80. In between that, just do what you want!
It was time spent in highest lounge, so you got a sense of how long you spent in each before moving up. I just thought it looked cool and figured I would ask :)
We don't know because it hasn't been talked about. It's also not likely to have multiplayer at launch unless it gets pushed back.
Why are you speculating in a way that annoys you? The game doesn't cost anywhere close to that on other platforms. Just wait and see before getting upset.
It's really, really good! I highly recommend it :)
That hasn't even been announced yet. This trailer was just the standard one with a Switch logo at the start.
There is a fair amount of story told through building friendships with everyone in town. There's also plenty of in-game goals for you to work towards, although it's open ended enough that you can do whatever you want.
That's certainly a valid concern, but I would really recommend you give it a try :)
It will launch without multiplayer because the feature doesn't exist yet. It's being worked on though.
Could just be the video compression on the nintendo site. [Here's one that goes up to 1080p](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IDfb0kU4ws)
From the developers: &gt; All we can say is that we’re working on it and making progress. It’s not ready yet, though, and we can’t give you an idea of when it will be. We’ll let you know more as soon as we can. Sorry for making you wait!
But why ask the question then? Also, Nintendo isn't setting the price for this game.
It's just different :)
I'm just curious why you would think it would be priced at $60 when it's $15 everywhere else. That's four times as expensive! Even if it was priced higher like some developers have done, I could see $20 or maybe $30, but not $60. It just seems a bit over the top to me, because who wouldn't be upset if it was priced like that?
6 years and counting on my Early 2011 13" MBP. I'm probably going to get the new 13" nTMBP which will be a significant upgrade in just about every way from what I currently have, but I'm waiting for Apple's "back to school" deal to get one.
I thought this was from /r/Cinemagraphs and was trying to find movement
&gt; in getting the point to things Generally when insulting someone's linguistic ability, it works better when you use proper grammar. Either way, thanks for not addressing my actual point.
Not really
On mobile this is a bunch of question marks in squares. Do I need to jump to reveal the fancy text?
Isn't that what the addons are for?
What they should do is make the kits with one charge and give you 25 of them. That way they stack to 250 like a normal item, but you could also split them apart however you wanted.
Well this whole thread is nothing but unrealistic hopes so why not go all out? This is a pretty minor QoL for a small number of players who, if they spend this much time playing the game in the first place, should be able to spend some gold or gems on another bank tab. Or just make a mule character. I know all this. But sometimes it's fun to dream :)
Thanks :P
That's Gillian Anderson as "Media" looking like David Bowie in American Gods.
Hey not everyone knows Apple's product line off the top of their head. All of my family has iphones and most of them have no idea what version it is.
I would assume themes will be the mynintendo rewards that they still have yet to add.
It's a firmware update, who cares?
So that's where "16 million colors" is from?
It sounds like you're gong after the lightning connector or usb type-c or something. I'm not sure what your point is in this case.
Hey I learned something new :)
Oh?
Thanks! I'm sure we'll see more as people notice them
Accessibility feature. I honestly don't know exactly what it helps, but my phone has it too.
Nope
It's just a number. I get that it implies major features, but it's not a big deal
As of now you can't, you can see the English and Japanese channels if you click Y while in an article, but there's not follow/unfollow currently for these "main" news channels.
Unfortunately not. It was the first thing I checked.
Awesome! Thank you so much!
No idea
I will second this
Isn't the whole point of the overview that it's the old version?
By the way, new messages don't display on the profile. That seems like pretty big bug.
Great! Just wanted to let you know. Also, it looks ridiculous to only have one or two links in the "more options" menu. That's usually a good indication you can just put the links on the page. It's not like you're short on space or anything. Edit: [Something like this](http://i.imgur.com/mQSYRUd.png)
Yeah I just threw it together with inspect element :P
Well what do you think the point of a dual camera is? They did completely rip off the camera app though.
Just curious about the naming of Force Touch and 3D Touch? Is there a reason for this? I mean I understand one is on the mac and one is on the phone, but don't the do the same thing? I'm not bothered by the difference, but I'm wondering if I'm missing something or it's just an inconsistency.
2017, when Discord still doesn't have subchannels and TS does
Did the just add them? Like in the last month or so? Because last time I checked the were working on them, but it sounded pretty low priority.
Are you sure you're talking about the right thing? Maybe I'm using the wrong word. Can you give me a link or screenshot of this? I know at the end of 2016 they had yet to implement this feature so it's possible it's been added recently and I missed it, but it hasn't been around for more than a year. I just looked it up and there was a person asking about this on the discord subreddit a few days ago and they were told this isn't a feature yet.
Just to be absolutely clear, a subchannel means having nested text and voice channels. I'm well aware you can have more than a single channel, every single discord server I've used has multiple channels for text and voice. But that's not what we're talking about.
Discord doesn't work for large groups of people in regards to voice chat. My guild doesn't have a ts server. Instead, the entire wvw world and every server within it is on one server. There are a number of features that discord simply can't provide to this structure. Discord does a lot of things better, but not everything.
Well you can visit /r/lounge, and you can use the myrandom feature (under menu customization). I think that's about it though.
Well I'm willing to change my opinion, but how many voice channels do you have on that server? It seems to me that a large number of channels would become difficult to navigate.
Absolutely not. Wearing it shows support, it doesn't matter if you fall within the group yourself.
Then you have two great reasons to get it :)
Reddit? Adding functions? /s I know, but you can put the basic stuff out on the page. I mean, they do want people to use the site. It helps if it's easy to use.
Ok, but why is that an improvement?
Because you put "made in the USA" on the product? But also workers rights are better protected in some countries and you can feel better about that I guess?
How else would they ~~buy off politicians~~ cast votes? We need to protect their ~~investors~~ rights!
Obviously. I'm just providing an answer to your question, not giving my actual opinion. However, many people would buy something with a made in the USA label over something else. You'll have to ask them why they do it.
For the first one, it's not in my opinion. That said, many people feel it is. You'll have to ask them on that one. For the second, it doesn't make a better product, but that wasn't the original question you asked. You asked why it was better to manufacture a product in the US over a "third world country". That's what I answered.
Well the TS I'm on has 360 channels. I just looked and there were 115 people on at the moment, although I'm sure there will be a lot more tomorrow for WvW reset. I never have to condense the list though, because the UI gives a lot of room for channels. I guess I'm just doubtful that the same is true on discord. I will admit that is nice that everything is tied together. But here's the issue, it would take a lot of work to move everything from TS to discord. So in order for that to happen, there can't be a single downside for someone to point to. If discord doesn't have every feature ts does and more, people will continue to use ts because why put in the work to switch? Look, I use discord. I use ts. Would it be nice to just use one? Of courese. But I'm not going to convince several hundred people to switch.
How does he use the phone now?
But why? That's easily the least compelling part of the article. I don't think we'll see that.
There's literally no indication this is what apple plans to do, in fact the article just moved around UI for this.
I find digital artwork in high enough resolution and use that.
Security updates go beyond knowing what to open. If he's not on the latest version, he doesn't have the latest security updates.
If he's not on the latest version his phone has security flaws. If it's actually that critical, he needs to keep it updated.
Wait what? You're making it sound like he's on 8 or 9. Tell him it's just bug fixes and security updates it's not going to break his phone.
You can turn it off
I'm assuming this will involve labeling the "location" of subreddits, if that's the case can you talk more about that?
Well obviously there's enough that it's happening. What's wrong with that?
[next expansion stuff](#s "If you look at the maps, they seem bigger and mounts seems like a movement mechanic for "crossing the desert".")
Go to the stickers page and do the "quests"
You might want to mention it's a test client and still doesn't have all the issues completely worked out
Waiting for Apple's back to school sale. I'll get one then.
Not really sure, some people here were saying as early as June in the past, but I think it might be sometime in July? Honestly there's no way to really know. It will continue through September either way.
Do you really need touchid on a laptop? I don't feel like it's enough of a feature to warrant getting the touchbar. I mean, I don't open my laptop as much as my phone in a day (it's not even close).
Well it's usually not a discount, but they throw something else in. So better value, but you're not really paying less. If you're a college student however, you can get a small discount at any time.
Yeah that was last years I believe. And you can always sell it if you don't want whatever it is.
That would be nice, just replace the power button.
No problem :)
Yeah I guess so, but it's also cheaper not to get the touch bar.
Interesting colors!
Scandalous! :P
&gt; /r/changemyview - Third Destination I think you mean Second Destination Part 2
Notifications really need to be overhauled in iOS and 11 doesn't help as far as I've heard
If Apple is going for AR glasses, I wonder how they'll avoid all the flak Google Glass got.
Maybe, but I feel like a lot of people were unnerved by Glass if I remember right. I think the Spectacles lighting up when recording video is a decent solution, although those aren't AR glasses (yet). I just don't imagine Apple doing anything similar.
Wouldn't that limit the usefulness of the product? I mean, I suppose it could have a camera that the user can't actually control.
Can you provide a link?
No, you have to place an AR light source to get proper lighting, but there's no reason you can't put in the same place as an actual light
Yeah I was surprised that didn't get mentioned
I understand that political parties might gain an advantage with a new state, but that's their problem. I know it will affect the chances of a new state being approved, but it really shouldn't.
Dear Hank and John is pretty good
