There are deloads, where you reduce intensity for a while (eg, 60% for a week) and then go back to where you were before. This is useful to allow more complete recovery without detraining. Then there are resets, where you reduce your working weight (eg, -10%) and re-progress from there. This is useful for getting through plateaus. You're trying to use a reset where you'd usually use a deload. If you need a deload week, take one. Likewise, if you want to use smaller increments, do that. Or if you've milked all you can from a linear progression, switch to something else. But one of the best ways to cheat yourself out of progress is to deliberately avoid it. Don't reset just because it's difficult; it's supposed to be difficult. The thing about linear progression in the novice phase is that the brain lies to you: the point when you start thinking "no way can I keep adding weight every session like this" is long before you *actually* can't do it. Also, missing reps is fine. The program is designed to allow that to happen. Practice failing safely for bench/squat if you don't already know how.
&gt;Your arm muscles are exerting a (roughly) downwards acting force aren't they? No. Put a bar on your back, and step on a scale. Note the reading. Now pull on the bar as hard as you like. See if the scale reading changes. Technically yes, the hands are exerting a downward force *on the bar*. But we don't care about the bar, we care about the combined bar-and-lifter system. By Newton's Third Law, the bar is exerting an exactly equal upward force on your hands, so the net force on the bar-lifter system is zero. Simultaneously, there is a normal (contact) force from your back onto the bar, which prevents the bar from accelerating downward as your hands pull on it. The contact force from the bar onto your back prevents you from being accelerated upwards as the bar pulls on your hands. These forces again cancel out for a net force of zero on the system. It's the same reason you can't levitate by pulling on your own bootstraps. Forces internal to a system never generate net force on the system, because this would violate Newton's Third Law and also the conservation of momentum.
Yes. Muscle gain/loss has a lot more fiddly bits than total weight gain/loss, so it's harder to make absolute statements of the form "Eat/do X and your muscle mass will change by amount Y", but protein intake along with resistance training will favorably affect the ratio of muscle to fat gained or lost.
Retaining your strength while losing weight and not lifting is definitely decent. After four months of not lifting, you haven't been stuck at this weight for months, you've been *not lifting* for months and are lucky to not be starting from scratch. But if you can bench 115 for 8 reps, there's just no way you can't get a single rep at 120. When would you usually decide to add weight?
Or just plain peanut butter eaten with a spoon. The effort-to-calorie ratio is hard to beat.
It's not the same exercise. A trap bar deadlift is a different movement, and uses muscles differently, as the article you linked describes. Also, plenty of gyms just plain don't have specialty bars. And if you want to avoid bloody shins, long socks are a hell of a lot cheaper than a trap bar.
There's no trick. You just have to get leaner. There might also be an expectation problem, here. [This guy](http://images.sodahead.com/polls/004041743/34475830_getting_a_6_pack_abs_xlarge.jpeg) is pretty frequently cited as a goal physique. If he were just a bit less lean, that Adonis belt would look like love handles, even though most of the bulge comes from muscles, not fat. As long as your handles are getting less grabbable over time, you're doing OK. For most guys, they're one of the last things to go.
Getting stronger helps you get bigger, too. Yeah, high-rep bodybuilding stuff is great for hypertrophy, but 20 reps at 135 isn't going to do you as much good as 20 reps at 315.
This is in some cases possible, but generally not reproducible, and almost never worth trying for specifically. You can lose five pounds in maybe a month. Trying to recomp five pounds could have you spinning your wheels for a year *and maybe not even succeeding*. It's fat. You want it gone. Your scale weight is meaningless; who gives a shit if it decreases when you lean down?
&gt;Should I just focus on ONLY eating until I get more mass (around 22 lb heavier) or just eat while also regularly lifting? Lift. Gaining weight without lifting will be mostly fat. In general, you should never stop lifting unless you are literally unable to (eg, sick or injured). &gt;Is 2300 calories a day a good goal or should it be lower/higher? Doesn't really matter. Try it for a few weeks, see what happens, and adjust from there. &gt;Protein powder or weight/mass gainer - or do I not need it yet? They're just food. If you want a drinkable source of protein or calories, use them. They're never *necessary*, but sometimes useful. &gt;Any tips for trying to eat more than you can as a skinny person? Calorie-dense foods. Liquid calories. /r/gainit has lots of good recipes for gainer shakes. &gt;Is it better to work on one body part per day (30-40 mins on arms) or multiple per day (10mins Shoulder, 10 Chest, 10 Arms, 10 Legs)? Follow a real program. Some good ones are in the wiki. Beginners are generally not qualified to design their own.
I'd wondered why I couldn't find potassium supplements in useful doses. Great post.
Yeah, just like you're destroying your joints when you lift. The difference is, a few hours per week of stress on the joints is recoverable; perpetual stress is just detrimental.
Be warned that, with belts, you get what you pay for. A $20 belt will fall apart sooner or later. A real quality (leather, thick, non-tapered) belt is more like $80-120, but is durable enough that you can leave it to your grandson in the will. I can't personally attest to the quality of Rogue belts, but they look like they should be good. I have an Inzer, and it's great. I've also heard good things about BestBelts and EliteFTS. If you want a belt *now* and only have $20, I see lots of people with Valeos, so they must be decent.
This is [not true](http://www.strengtheory.com/the-belt-bible/). Belt use makes you stronger in both the short and long term.
Yes, I picked that because it was the most optimistic possible setting. "Average genetics" has you at 153. "Hardgainer" estimates 142. Are you putting in the wrong height or something? 5'5" is 65 inches.
Yeah, I would not want to try it for the first time while in the dark. Unrelatedly, definitely do practice "failing" on purpose with light weights sometime before you actually need it. Being stuck in the hole with an attempted max on your back is not the time to figure it out either.
http://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/wiki/getting_started#wiki_adding_exercise
A whey protein shake, with carrot sticks on the side. Liquid calories are, IMX, pretty low in satiety. (There's a reason we always recommend them to the skinny guys who can't eat enough.) But if she's set on that, you could try adding psyllium husk.
The common beginner progression is to add five pounds every workout. It doesn't really matter what progression scheme you use, as long as you have one and it isn't insanely slow.
/r/leangains is more in love with meal plans and exact macro counts than any other community I've seen. They still do consistency, they just treat workout days and rest days differently, which is at least sort of justifiable. By comparison, there's no clear reason to eat differently on weekdays and weekends.
RDV for sodium is what, 2500mg? Yes, some seasonings have a lot, but not so much they're unusable in moderation, and other seasonings don't have that problem anyway. Just be careful not to use more than 833 servings of that curry powder, and he'll be fine.
1. No, it means 90% of your 5RM. Volume day sets are not supposed to be max-effort, or else you'd never get through five sets across. Even at 90% they're pretty brutal; you might want to start with 85% and adjust from there. 2. Yes. Recovery day is lighter, because it's a recovery day. 3. Up to you. If you're interested in powerlifting, you should probably not alternate, because bench is a competition lift and press isn't. If you're training for general strength, alternating is fine.
"Hip drive" is a cue Rippetoe seems to love, but it never did anything useful for me. Don't stress over it.
Protein shits are hard to miss.
If you do anything that involves grip strength, you're training forearms, which is how all those people got them by just "training seriously". I agree that most people don't need isolation work for it.
I do specific forearm training to strengthen my grip. But I'm drawing a distinction here between "exercises that involve the forearms" and "exercises that are specifically intended to hit the forearms and nothing else". Every program should include the former; not everyone needs the latter. Likewise on isolation work for rear delts, obliques, calves, biceps, quads, or any other single muscle group.
Generally, your pump today will be your normal in a few months, assuming decent progress. You'll never be permanently pumped, though. Trying to look like your pump is kind of chasing a carrot on a stick.
Depending on your lifts so far, you might just not need very much core activation yet. But when you have twice your bodyweight on your back, your core is active. Also, belt use makes a big difference. My abs got sore just from squatting and deadlifting when I started using a belt (and no, it wasn't just bruising from belt itself).
If I suddenly sprout a lei, it's definitely time to stop bulking.
&gt;So why would legs bulk and arms not? Your arms are lifting 60 lbs, your legs are lifting 245.
I wouldn't usually classify protein bars as a supplement. If it has significant calorie content, it's food. If it doesn't, it's a supplement.
If you haven't lifted in a few weeks, some detraining is expected. This is why programs use deload weeks to deal with fatigue, instead of just taking the week off.
Whether a given amount of work is overtraining depends on your work capacity. If you feel constantly fatigued, or if your progress is stagnating, you might be overtraining. You can also just try cutting back for a week or two and see if you do better that way.
I did Stronglifts for about 6 months before going on to intermediate programming. The last couple months of that involved a great deal of deloading and very little progress, which was what prompted me to switch. My OHP was the first to stall, since I missed a rep on the very first day at 45 pounds (mostly due to taking very short rest periods; forcing myself to wait at least 90 seconds between sets was very helpful at the time). It was also the first exercise to require a deload, at I think 70 pounds, and had a very undulating progression afterward, gaining 5-10 more pounds before deloading and working back up to a new max. My squat required a deload at 145 due to form issues, and again somewhere around 185, and then I deloaded several times at 215. I didn't get past 215 until moving to a different program. I don't recall details on the other lifts, but they mostly followed a similar pattern to the squat: a couple of deloads with significant progress in between, and then an eventual plateau. I'm 5'9" and started Stronglifts at 188 pounds, cut down to 170, and then bulked a little from there.
Looking big is about leanness at least as much as size. A lot of the really ripped guys you see in photos are actually pretty normal or even small when you put them next to another person, but their muscles stand out so much more that they appear larger. In any case, anything happening over the course of a single month is not a major change, so there's not much to explain. And strength can increase without necessarily changing size.
There's not really any special trick. More volume, heavier weight, and patience.
I'm a 24 member. When I got a new card, I forgot to update the auto-payments with the new number, and found out only when I went to the gym and couldn't check in due to a lapsed membership. So an invalid card is definitely sufficient to end your membership payments. I don't know exactly how it relates to the contract, but I find it hard to imagine they could do anything if your card expires and you stop going. The only possible recourse would be to send a collection agency after you, and I don't know how they would justify doing that, since you don't actually owe them any money.
Some kind of row or pulling movement(s), to help balance out all that pressing. I'm pretty skeptical about whether tacking 18 extra work sets onto the end of every workout is a good idea.
1 km in 5 minutes is 12 km in 60 minutes.
With those numbers, intermediate programming is probably appropriate. For a 3-day program, I'd recommend Texas Method, although there are plenty of other good ones as well.
For a novice or early intermediate, 5/3/1 progresses very slowly and has low frequency on the main lifts. This will be even more true if you're only running it 3 days per week instead of 4. It's possible to modify the program to work around these things, but this can be said of any program.
No. Unless you are recovering from some kind of injury, it is pretty much never useful to stop lifting. For weight loss, optimizing your diet will have much greater returns than optimizing your workout.
That's reasonable, yes. The general formula is: enough protein (according to whichever rule of thumb you like), 20-30% of calories from fats, and everything else carbs. If by "clean bulk" you mean you want to minimize fat gain, calorie intake is more important than macro ratios. A 1000-calorie surplus is going to put on a significant fraction as fat, no matter what macros you use to get there. A good target is usually 2-4 pounds per month, which is a daily surplus of 250-500 calories. At age 16 and as a beginner(?) you might get away with something more aggressive, but YMMV.
Whether you exercise or not is *critically important*. If you don't lift, bulking is useless. And up to a point, the harder you work, the better. This doesn't necessarily mean you should mess with a routine that's been working for 6 months, but a calorie deficit is a recovery deficit, so you might find that you have the ability to do a lot more now than you did while losing weight. Work hard, don't get sloppy, and trust the process. Good luck.
Unless you're very skinny, getting better curves will probably have more to do with building the underlying muscles than just packing on fat. Fat just sits there inertly, muscle has shape and contour. This is why even fitness models who are very lean still have thighs and backsides that look very feminine, while overweight butts tend to be droopy and flat.
Also, you can't burn off just the fat you don't want. Spot reduction is a myth, because again, there's nothing you can do to determine where fat gets stored on your body.
Protein powder is just a kind of food. It's not particularly special in any way, other than being especially high in protein, and it is hardly unique in this either. When someone tells you that protein powder is evil/useless/critically important/etc, think about how you'd regard someone saying the same thing about bread. If it sounds stupid or alarmist, it probably is.
There is AFAIK no decent belt that does both. Spend your money on a real belt; holding dumbbells between your feet is free. If you can do dips or pullups with enough weight that becomes impractical, buy a few feet of chain and a carabiner from a hardware store, and that's your dip belt.
You're probably much stronger and/or much lighter than your friends, then. Cheating on depth or clearance can artificially inflate your rep count, but not by that much.
A leg *press* is not at all the same as a leg *extension* machine.
Some advise against training to failure, and there's merit in that, but failure isn't *so* terrible that you should pathologically avoid it. If you never fail a rep, you're probably not training hard enough. You can't push your limits without touching them.
We can accurately measure body fat. Autopsies allow very high precision. To be slightly less snarky, DEXA and underwater weighing are quite accurate. The problem is that there's no accurate *and easy* way to measure body fat, and this is completely unsurprising, since a reliable measurement requires *actually measuring* something, which means you have to somehow examine the composition of the entire body, not just take a skinfold test at three locations.
Diet soda is fine. Aspartame is one of the most-studied substances on the planet; if it were poisonous, we'd have noticed by now. But getting most of your fluid intake from diet soda is pathological. Aspartame isn't poison, but it does have some effect on insulin; soda is also not great for teeth. I used to tell myself I had a sweet tooth, too. It was an excuse. Drink more water, you'll save money.
You're confused because you have the wrong idea of what bulking and cutting do. You should lose little or no strength while cutting; frequently you will even gain strength, just more slowly. If you track your [Wilks score](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wilks_Coefficient), you should find that it increases due to your dropping bodyweight, even if your lifts regress a little. If your Wilks is decreasing, you're cutting wrong. The other thing is that you should be spending WAY less than half of your time cutting. In a year, you don't spend 6 months bulking and 6 months cutting. You can cut fat faster than you can build muscle, and only some of the weight you gain while bulking needs to be cut, since you obviously don't want to cut away the muscle mass you've gained. If you bulk for 10 months (gaining 20 pounds), you can cut for 2 months (losing 10 pounds) and be right back at your starting level of body fat, except with +10 pounds of muscle. So you can have 10 months of training with the full benefit of a calorie surplus (plus maybe some progress during your cut) if you bulk and cut, or 12 months at maintenance if you don't. Eating a lot is *really really important* for adding strength and size, so bulking is usually the better plan.
If you consider it a main lift, program it like a main lift. There's nothing special about bench press that makes it benefit from percentage-based rep schemes more than a row would.
Without more info, it's hard to give any advice more specific than "eat less and be patient".
http://www.davidhorne-gripmaster.com/basics.html
DOMS is mostly a response to *new* stimulus, so keep working your calves regularly and this shouldn't happen again. For the same reason, when you do something new, don't do a ton of it the first time, and the DOMS won't be so bad. For now: stretch, foam roll or get somebody to rub them for you, maybe try ice or heat. Do some very light calf work to get blood pumping; this is counterintuitive but usually helps.
With that much strength loss, I'd be very surprised if it isn't mostly mental. Losing strength while cutting is common, but 40% is insane. Alternately, bench usually benefits from high volume and frequency, but during a cut you might just be benching too much. If you're constantly fatigued, that would definitely impact strength. If this is the problem, reducing volume/frequency should improve things within a week or two.
"Lift with your legs, not with your back" has always been the five-second version for people who don't know how to lift things. Bending at the *waist* is not and has never been a problem. It's bending of the *spine* that is bad, but the average member of modern society has no idea how to hinge at the hip without lumbar flexion. You have back muscles specifically for holding the spine in place under load. Using them isn't a bad thing, and doing exercises that strengthen them will make your back bulletproof, instead of always needing to protect your back by "lifting with your legs".
There's not much to say about lifting for tall people. Some exercises will be moderately harder or easier depending on proportions, but this doesn't really change anything about how you should exercise.
Romaleo sizing is supposed to be similar to other Nike shoe sizing. Go to a shoe store and try on some sneakers.
Depends on a lot of things. But generally, if everything is in order, at least half of the weight gained will be muscle, and sometimes more.
They... aren't? A decent fraction of big progress posts are skinny kids. But I mean, there is an obesity epidemic. Overweight people just plain outnumber underweight people.
Figure out the thing that keeps you from working out, and fix that thing. Ran out of clean workout clothes? Buy more, and do laundry more consistently. Didn't eat well? Keep something in the pantry that makes a good pre-workout snack. Gym too far away? Sign up at a closer one. Etc. "I don't have enough willpower" is not a reason; you shouldn't *need* willpower to get through your everyday routine.
It probably won't make much difference either way. If it feels good, do it.
Arm-over-arm sled pulls, hand bike, battle ropes, kettlebell swings, maybe bag work.
There's no particular place I would insist this has to happen, or even that you necessarily have to *replace* rather than just adding more pulls. But three bench variants plus flies, on the same day you're already benching, is probably unnecessary.
High-bar position, plus heeled shoes and good ankle mobility to allow lots of forward knee travel.
In my experience, January is still pretty manageable and most of the whining is hyperbole, especially at off-peak hours.
If, for example, you think you can set a record in the open category. I actually don't know if the younger age categories even have that option, but masters athletes definitely do.
About as hard as tearing any other muscle, except with biceps you can reduce the risk further (on deadlifts) by keeping your arms locked, which is proper technique anyway. Or by not using mixed grip, and unless you compete in powerlifting there is little reason to use mixed grip when injury is a concern.
Yes.
This, although ankle mobility isn't only about bone structure, and can usually be improved by working on it.
&gt;Are there any problems I'll run into by increasing the weights on my benchpress to be more than what I lift doing squats or deadlift? No, not at all. The problem, to the extent there is one, is not that your bench press is *too strong*. It's that your squat and deadlift are almost certainly weak. This isn't a huge problem, but it's worth trying to figure out what's holding them back, and then addressing that.
You could literally double your squat and still not be "too far". Don't stress over it.
You're almost definitely doing something wrong, just in that almost all beginners are doing something wrong. And if you're deadlifting bodyweight, it's unlikely that muscular strength per se is the limiting factor. More likely, you simply aren't very good at deadlifts. This is a totally fixable problem. Form checks are a good place to start, but it's also hard to develop good technique when you're only getting five reps every other session. I've found that even unloaded [hip hinge practice](http://startingstrongman.com/2015/12/22/fixing-your-deadlift-its-all-in-the-hips/) is useful.
Leaning it against a dumbbell on the floor usually works, if you can't find a cooperative cameraman.
Yes, but the above advice is still correct.
This time of year, I start to feel tempted to buy gloves just to keep the barbell from sucking all the warmth out of my hands.
It's safe, but tends to be challenging, intestinally speaking. IMO, easier to skip the loading; creatine doesn't make such a difference that it'll matter if you get the full effect a week sooner.
Yes. Very possible. The simplest plan actually saves money: keep eating all the same foods, just eat less of them.
Olympic weightlifting is all about explosiveness, and the clean-and-jerk includes a deep front squat. Most successful weightlifters still do back squats regularly. That probably says something about their usefulness. For *you personally*, there may not be any benefit that's worth persistent problems. Front squat away.
&gt;Mark Rippetoe and Louie Simmons, two people that have far more experience than any of the redditors downvoting my original post. I'm pretty sure you're getting downvoted for sloppy wording that ventures into the outright false and explicitly contradicts the sources you've named, rather than because you hurt our delicate fee-fees.
5291 ounces.
I'm pretty sure an extra 30 minutes in the gym on one day are not the cause of a 12-day change in appetite.
Do sissy squats for a few months, and no other exercise will ever sound undignified again.
There's nothing wrong with zeroing several events at your first competition. If nothing else, it's a great motivation to keep training and do better at your *second* competition.
Probably not. Pullups are not an exercise with a lot of nuanced technique. The pecs generally do not play a major role, but they are attached to the humerus, which is being brought down in front of your torso. Put one hand on your pec, raise the other arm overhead, and notice the fibers moving. This is the same reason pullovers hit the chest.
That might be a little high, but not dramatically. I'd be surprised by anything under 3000. I'm 28, 5'9", 175lbs, similar workouts, and maintain on about 2600.
Loaded hyperextensions should scare you MORE than good mornings, since they involve deliberate spinal flexion and extension under load. This doesn't make them bad. Everybody gets injured sooner or later. It's just a question of when, and how bad. Have a strong back and use good technique, and that'll be "rarely and not very".
You want your arms vertical, or as close to it as possible if legs are in the way. If your arms aren't vertical, you're unnecessarily forcing yourself to start from a lower (and thus weaker) position. For most people, this will put your index finger somewhere around the inner edge of the knurling.
Yeah, you've got a bit of catback going on. It looks like your lower back isn't flat to start with, which doesn't help. But mostly you need to work on bracing and getting tight before pulling, so that your torso doesn't collapse forward under load. [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bv6dJK11zNQ) is a decent place to start.
In a sumo deadlift, the hands are between the legs, rather than vice versa. This obviously requires a wider stance, and changes some other things about the lift technique-wise.
Somewhat, yes.
A front raise.
AMRAP was my ally, but it has forsaken me! Bench went from 175x8 to 185x4, deadlift from 330x8 to 347x4. Projected maxes now make me sad.
&gt; I would guess this works by the food you eat on a cut - let's say 1,500 calories - going to muscle production, while the fat you have on your body is used as energy. This is definitely not accurate. That would mean gaining ~half a pound of muscle and losing ~half a pound of fat *per day*. Some fraction of the food you eat can be spent on muscle even while losing weight, but it's just that: a fraction. The more untrained you are, the more favorable that fraction will be, but it's never near 100%.
It's "reversing entropy" in the sense that the tower was destroyed by an entropic process, and to get the original structure you need to fairly literally reverse that process. This is a *local* entropy reversal, which is not at all forbidden by the Second Law. Ostensibly, global entropy still increases in the process of computing and then actually repairing the tower.
You're fixating too hard on the specific details of the analogy. Physically scattering the pieces is one kind of entropic damage, but damage caused by temperature and pressure is also entropic even though all the pieces are more-or-less in the same place, and repairing it requires reversing that entropy in some sense. Repairing things *in general* requires "reversing entropy" locally, because there are more ways for a thing to be broken than not.
Big solid quads/thighs are awesome on both men and women. I think the models in your photo look weird and unbalanced, but if that's your aesthetic, you gotta do you. I do think you're underestimating how visible legs are, especially in shorts. I mean, nobody's going to see the entire length of your quad through trunks, but a teardrop peeking out the bottom of a pair of shorts is nice, and even long pants can show off your legs if they're cut right. Stretch jeans or compression pants especially.
You have larger arms and forearms, but not disproportionate. Also, your lats give you a better taper from shoulders to waist. I'd say the model has better back definition, but that might just be lighting.
To make your shoulders wider than your waist, you need wide shoulders, and a narrow waist. Lats are also important for making the taper actually look like a taper.
Yes, calorie restriction will impair the healing process.
If you want something similar to a plank, the simplest substitution is probably to just put your ankles on something slightly elevated.
Nah, that's fine if it fits your schedule. Most programs are written on a 7-day schedule simply because most people want to work out on the same days each week.
I've also experienced metabolic slowing over time in calorie restriction, without rapidly reducing calories or being ultra-lean. But this has been relatively minor (a couple hundred calories over a few months), not a rapid 1000+ drop in my TDEE. I've also noticed the same effect in the other direction; my metabolism noticeably ratchets up after a couple months of bulking. In obese individuals, metabolic slowdown is expected, but not to the point it radically impairs fat loss; surviving famine is what fat storage is for! EDIT: In OP's case I'm pretty sure the issue is mostly double-counting calorie burn from exercise. Note that his estimated TDEE was 3600 (which, given his stats, suggests a "moderately active" multiplier or thereabouts), yet he was also logging calorie burn from his FitBit.
Definitely do more bench; Stronglifts doesn't have enough of it. Don't skip legs, just do more pressing.
There might be rules about blood/open wounds on the platform. For example, the USPA rulebook: &gt;Blood or open wounds are not allowed on a lifter while on the platform. Any injuries must be treated and bandaged prior to a lifter’s attempt. [...] &gt;If a lifter appears on the platform with any blood or open wounds showing it will be their responsibility to correct the problem before being allowed to continue with their lift. The time clock will remain running, and should they be unable to correct the problem before their time runs out they will forfeit the attempt. Whereas the USAPL rulebook makes no mention of blood except this: &gt;To avoid contamination a solution of one part household bleach to 10 parts water is recommended to clean blood or tissue from the bar or platform and in the warm-up area should “accidents” occur. So check the rules for your federation.
142.5/90.5/152.5
Squat, bench, deadlift (because this is the order of the events in competition). Sorry, sometimes I forget that not everyone is intimately familiar with the sport &gt;.&gt;
&gt;I've seen friends my height weigh around 180 and be skinny while also fairly muscular. Yes, the "while also fairly muscular" part is the reason, here. BMI assumes an average (meaning, completely untrained) amount of muscle mass. If you don't lift, ~150 is indeed an appropriate weight for a 5'8" guy. 180-200 is possible without being overfat, but only if those extra 30-50 pounds are muscle mass. Source: was 188 at 5'9", was fat.
Yeah, grip width past a certain point can be an issue with getting it in or out of the rack. It can help to open your hands while walking out or back in, so that your fingers are not in front of the bar and can't be smashed against the uprights.
&gt;They look buff, likely, because of a lack of body fat. Also, because the average person's idea of "buff" is honestly not very buff.
If you're doing a lot of bench and deadlift, you're not exactly neglecting your triceps and back. Add some curls and lateral raises, and you're basically done. You're making this more complicated than it needs to be.
&gt;Just to use this model as an example, I do not know how I would possibly get my fat down to 20% By eating less fat, or eating more total calories. The wiki for example recommends .4-.5g/lb; the lower end of that range would give you 64g/day. Also, 90g/day is over 40% of your current calorie intake, but would be under 30% if you were eating 3000/day. There's nothing magical about a 40/40/20 ratio. 30/40/30 or whatever will serve you perfectly well.
Carbs are fuel for workouts. Glycogen and etc. Calories per gram shouldn't matter here, unless you're stuffing yourself full right before a workout, which sounds unwise.
Might just be technique, rather than a specific lagging muscle. Greg Nuckols had [some ideas](https://www.facebook.com/gregory.nuckols/posts/10153245006543779) for this issue.
Put your phone on the treadmill console, wear headphones.
This is good advice for people with overweight BMI due to extra lean mass. I'm not at all convinced it's good advice for underweight BMI.
It's pretty awesome. &gt;This might sound dumb but do get more aggressive the more you work out due to testosterone? Not really. I've gotten a bump in general confidence and assertiveness, but I'm not sure how much of that I should attribute to generic personal growth, rather than lifting specifically.
For actual leg pressing, I can't see much reason to change it from 90. Other angles might be useful for calf raises or something.
Typically: leg press, chest press, shoulder press, row, deadlift. Or sometimes the machine will just have the same name as the exercise it mimics. I haven't seen many gyms with a deadlift machine, but they do exist (sometimes it's a second, lower pair of handles on the shrug machine). Really, once you figure out how to use a machine at all, it should be very clear whether or not it is similar to a given exercise.
Rant: I'm seriously thinking about just dropping bench from my second upper day, and doing extra dips or something instead. It's been a shitty workout for the last six weeks in a row, for no reason I can discern. My main bench day is fine, it's just the second day where everything hurts and everything is harder than it should be. Maybe I was built backwards, because I can deadlift with volume and frequency no problem, but more than one bench session per week breaks me? I don't even understand.
&gt;I recently read a post that discussed how low reps high weight did not gain as much size as high reps. This is an overstated effect, and its importance is frequently misunderstood. If you're in the gym on a regular basis, doing a large amount of training volume, you're going to see muscle growth. Whether that training volume is produced by sets of 5 or sets of 10 is kind of irrelevant, except in the sense that it's easier to accumulate large amounts of volume with higher rep ranges. The amount of *extra* muscle growth you'd see in the same time frame, by switching from ICF to something else, is somewhere between "nil" and "negligible". Even if you pick a routine with much higher volume (and ICF is already pretty high-volume, compared to other programs a novice might run), you're not going to see a lot of extra benefit, because ICF already puts you pretty far along the diminishing returns curve. The main requirement for muscle growth is years in the gym, not a super-secret special hypertrophy routine.
Incline on the smith machine, or just doing dumbbell incline twice, would be fine if you don't want to bench in the rack. Angle on leg press is irrelevant in terms of exercise selection. Use whatever you have. Different angles on plate-loaded machines change the effective load, that's all. If you don't have a seated calf raise, any other kind of calf raises should be an acceptable substitute.
Who cares? You don't need full-body mobility training. That's useless. If it's not broken, don't fix it. Figure out where you actually need/want more mobility, if anywhere. Target those things specifically.
Maybe? 40 pounds total weight doesn't necessarily mean 40 pounds muscle. But anyway, I'm not saying nobody ever gains 20+, just that it's better to expect average results and be pleasantly surprised by exceptional ones.
&gt;I want to be able to run 10 miles easy and have a 6 pack again. Cool. There's your motivation. If you want to do something, you are *already* motivated. (This is not a trivial step. Lots of people feel like they're *supposed* to want to exercise, so they tell themselves/other people that they want to exercise, but deep down they don't really want to, and will avoid it if possible.) But you're not going to *feel* super duper psyched up and motivated all the time. Nor are you going to feel determined and dedicated. If you need to exercise willpower just to stick to your normal routine, you will fail the first time anything goes wrong or gets in your way. Willpower is what you use to keep going under *exceptional* circumstances; it's not reliable enough to use day-to-day. Instead, what you need is to find a way to do these things you want to do, that *doesn't* usually require willpower or an exceptional level of motivation. For example, say you want to go running in the morning before class, but you always oversleep. Then your problem isn't that you're "too unmotivated" to get up and run, it's that your sleep patterns are messed up. Maybe you just need to go to bed earlier. Find the obstacles that are getting in the way of what you want, and ruthlessly eliminate them. Once the obstacles are gone, the thing you want should be able to happen *without* digging for motivation first.
Sure. If you're keeping track of things, it should be apparent that you're gaining too much fat long before you've put on 30 pounds, and then you can slow down the bulk and/or train harder.
If you have to ask, the answer is no. Overtraining is not subtle. When it happens, you will know.
[This warm-up routine](https://www.youtube.com/watch?x-yt-cl=84411374&amp;v=mSZWSQSSEjE&amp;x-yt-ts=1421828030) is pretty good. Fixing your rack position usually matters more, though.
OP also needs to see a doctor, because the response to any question of "why don't you try harder?" is that he suddenly gets severe pain.
&gt;Should I replicate this workout again this week or should I just do it once a week? There's no useful way to answer this question. Especially without more information. You didn't even say how difficult this workout was for you. You could probably repeat it twice per week, if you wanted. Or you could do a second workout that wasn't EMOM, or EMOM singles instead of doubles, or... If you have no idea what to do for your next workout, you should really get on a program, rather than trying to fly blind.
Lots of people squat with a thumbs-around grip. It can be more secure, and in some cases actually fixes shoulder or elbow pain, especially in combination with wrist wraps.
Yep. I deal with it by eating. Better to have a small snack pre-workout and a larger meal afterward than vice versa, IMO.
Hard to say without seeing a picture. Some people do genetically lack the whatever-they're-called things that separate the abdominal muscles. But if the outer edges of your abs aren't well-defined, you may still be just carrying too much fat. If I flex my abs while sitting down, I can clearly feel the separations with my fingers, even though I'm carrying too much fat to see them. That might help rule something out.
It's like trying to feel a peak in your bicep while your arm is straight. Any muscle is thicker while contracted.
Either way is fine, and there are successful programs using each method. Pick the one you think is most appropriate for your goals, and be consistent about it.
Your "core" is a set of muscles in your abdomen, which form roughly a box. Abdominals at the front, erectors at the back, obliques on the sides, diaphragm at the top, pelvic floor at the bottom. Planks primarily work the abs, although side/reverse planks can be used for other parts of the core.
5/3/1 is a standalone program. It has an ebook and everything. The "Boring But Big Challenge" is a specific 5/3/1 variant posted as an article on T-nation.
It's really, really not an effective template for long-term progress.
There are only three macronutrients: fat, carbohydrates, and protein. Protein is great, but if you aren't doing strength training, you don't need a huge amount of it. So the bulk of your diet SHOULD be fat or carbohydrates; what else would you get your calories from? What fraction of your diet are they currently? What fraction do you think they should be?
No, you're fine. BBB as originally presented in the ebook still has AMRAP on the heaviest set, and doesn't prescribe any specific percentage for the 5x10 sets. Ramp down, ramp up, do 40% across, 70%, whatever you think is appropriate. 50% has since become the "standard" value, so it's what program calculators will spit out. The "BBB 3-Month Challenge" is a very similar but slightly adjusted program, without AMRAP and with specific percentages for the 5x10 sets: 50% the first month, 60% the second, 70% for the third. There's no reason you couldn't mix these approaches, with the ramping intensity of the "Challenge" version and the AMRAP set from the base program. That just isn't the plan in the article.
First, that's not an insane amount of cholesterol. A single egg has, what, 180mg? It's not going to clog your arteries in the couple months it takes to finish the bag. It has more cholesterol than Gold Standard because Gold Standard is not just a whey protein, it is a *whey isolate*, which means minimal cholesterol (and lactose) content. MyProtein also sells isolate; the bag of it in my pantry has 0mg cholesterol and 21g protein per scoop. Edit: grams/milligrams
Yes, and other whey concentrates.
Right, I know. The [Boring But Big 3-Month Challenge](https://www.t-nation.com/workouts/boring-but-big-3-month-challenge) is, as I noted, not quite the same thing as the Boring But Big template originally presented in the ebook.
Sure, probably, if your forearms are very untrained. If you want to *keep* making gains, you'd need some kind of progressive overload. Maybe you could add resistance, and gradually increase sets and reps... oh whoops, we've just reinvented regular grip training.
Depends exactly what "your current lifestyle" entails. As other posters have described, eating exactly the same amount of food that maintains your weight at 200 pounds will eventually put you back at 200 pounds. But neither would you have to maintain an intense diet and exercise regimen forever to keep the weight off. Your current level of activity, and an appropriate-to-your-reduced-weight calorie intake, would maintain your weight indefinitely.
Waking up in the middle of a sleep cycle is much harder than waking up at the end of one. If you just set an alarm for a time you're not used to waking up at, you're very likely to feel groggy, regardless of how many hours it was. Get up at 8am consistently for a couple weeks, and your sleep patterns should adjust until you wake up alert at that time. For me, it's MUCH easier to oversleep all the time if I don't keep a consistent schedule.
&gt;As a former fat person, how do you feel confident eating above a deficit? Oh, I don't. Shit, are you kidding? It's terrifying. Bulking is a test of self-confidence, in much the same way that cutting is a test of willpower. But I will say that it gets much easier after your first successful bulk. It's one thing to know that *in theory* you can cut away the fat later; it's another to have *been through it* and seen the whole process pay off.
&gt;so if my recommended caloric intake is 2000 a day and I'm trying to make gains so I'm eating 2500 a day.....does that mean i have to eat 2500 + 1,331.32 to make up for my resting energy? No. Any recommended calorie intake will already include what you burn by being alive. Well, unless your doctor thinks you're a zombie...
ctrl-f "chicken" highlighting match 1 of 677: Asian-Style Chicken Wings Seriously, you want a database, not a table. Trust me.
I wonder about this, too. If you wanted to add something to the power lifts to make the list more "complete", an upper body pull seems like the obvious choice, not a second pressing movement. I'd probably nominate pullups before rows, but yeah. I think one factor is that the standing press has a lot of history. Bench became known as THE test of upper-body strength only after the rise of powerlifting as a sport. The press used to be an Olympic lift, and has always been appealing by nature, because everyone understands that putting something heavy over your head is a display of strength.
Work abs and arms a lot, chest some, lats not very much. Carry a decent amount of mass while reasonably lean. There's nothing fancy going on here.
&gt;In short, you need more reps for muscle breakdown? No, one rep creates muscle breakdown. It just doesn't create very much of it. Twenty to fifty total reps in a workout is a reasonable place to start. &gt;So if we're talking about efficiency in terms of time spent, do we have a reliable source showing us how to induce max muscle breakdown? Just asking in case something like that exists... The entire field of exercise science?
I don't know of any existing program templates that do this, but it is a thing you can do. If you go from squatting 315 5x5 with 5-minute rests, and progress that until you're doing it with 2-minute rests, you could probably jump straight to 335 with 5-minute rests again and repeat the cycle. You can also just pick a target rest period and consider that part of your program. So if you only have time for 2 minutes between sets, throw out the "rest as long as you need" advice, and consider "2 minutes of rest" a requirement just like you treat "5 reps".
In terms of exercise selection, that should be fine. If you're unhappy with your upper back progress, and you're already hitting the basics (which you are), you're probably not missing some magic bullet exercise. More likely, you literally just need more work - more sets, more reps, more weight, and more time.
&gt;It's natural, but much like testosterone, when you're getting it from an external source the body tends to stop producing it naturally. Yes, this is true for any hormone (and some other things, like creatine IIRC). The problem is not that natural production depresses while supplementing - that's harmless and expected, unless your body is somehow unable to regulate its own hormone levels. The problem is when the drugs actually damage your endocrine system, so that production *stays* depressed even after you stop taking it. Otherwise, production quickly returns to normal. Testosterone creates such problems; melatonin does not. And if you have a sleeping disorder that can be effectively treated with melatonin supplementation, trying to preserve your natural melatonin production is not exactly helpful. If your natural production worked right, you wouldn't *have* a sleeping disorder! Doctors don't prescribe regular melatonin [for reasons that have little to do with its efficacy](http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/06/15/fish-now-by-prescription/) and a lot to do with flaws in US patent and liability law. You should still see a doctor first, just on general principles. But a lot of criticism of melatonin specifically seems to stem from lumping it into the same category as "sleeping pills", and melatonin isn't sleeping pills.
I wear 9.5 chucks, 10.5 Romaleos. I could maybe fit into a 10 Romaleo, but with the straps they're plenty snug anyway. I also wear a 10.5 in regular Nike sneakers, so the sizing there seems pretty close to the Romaleos.
Ask local lifters for a reference to a doctor or PT who doesn't suck at dealing with athletes. Then, go see that doctor.
I have toe room.
A moderate amount, but less than my Chucks. For what it matters, I have wide feet, so that's always the limiting factor for my shoe size.
There are like two people in your "universal standards" that have physiques I think are worth aspiring to. So, maybe these people just have different goals and aesthetic preferences than you? I mean, since when the hell did having huge thighs destroy a woman's femininity?
ICF calls for five sets across, which means all at the same weight. In your example, that's five sets at 250. Warm-up sets are not work sets.
The very easy method is to stop taking them for, say, a month - and see if his memory, willpower, pain tolerance, recovery time, etc actually do change. This is a good idea for supplements in general, since even the uncontroversially beneficial ones can vary widely in individual response. Unfortunately, it's easier to do this *for yourself* than to get somebody else to do it. It's hard enough to be honest with yourself, but being honest with someone else when it means losing face is even harder.
Sure, something like that.
&gt;or if bad bench form can indeed lead to your ribcage being compressed. If you literally drop a bar on your ribcage, sure. Otherwise, no.
Then find something to keep you busy.
Let me tell you a secret: exercise selection doesn't matter very much. I mean, sure, you need to select effective exercises. But one person tells you hanging leg raises, another tells you cable crunches, this guy swears by ab wheel rollouts, and that guy says he just did planks! Who's right? Well, they're all right. All of those exercises are effective ways to train your abs, and there are many others too. You're not missing the magic bullet exercise that will finally Give You Abs. You just need any reasonably effective exercise, progressive overload, and time.
Every other day is fine. Sets of 30-50 are rarely useful. Training only your arms and chest is a bad idea, and tends to produce poor posture and joint issues.
How the hell are we supposed to tell if your plan is too much for you, just by looking at your plan on paper??? If you think you're doing too much volume, there is an extremely straightforward way to check: try less volume. Say, reduce volume by 25% for two months. Do you feel better, are you making more progress? Then you were doing too much. If things don't improve, it wasn't too much.
Ask your friend why 100 air squats *would* build muscle. If you can do something a hundred times in a row, strength is clearly not the limiting factor. Thus, significant muscle growth is an unlikely response to the training stimulus.
Sure, that's fine. &gt;I don't know what is wrong with my body, but my training weight for squat is 255 for 5x5 and my bench press is still at 145 lb lol. That's normal. It would be weird if you DIDN'T squat significantly more than you bench.
Stronglifts is one of several programs usually described as "linear progression", because yeah, you add weight every workout. With stalls and deloads, this isn't truly linear-in-the-mathematical-sense over the long term. But it's useful to have a phrase for "holds sets, reps, and exercise selection constant; the only thing that changes between workouts is the weight on the bar, which increments every time you complete all your reps".
Accessories and isolation can be helpful for getting stronger. For that matter, sheer size is helpful for getting stronger. You don't need to shy away from these things just because your goal is strength. That said, I doubt you will become disproportionate just by not doing curls. You've already got bicep work from pulldowns, chinups, and rows.
&gt;The deloads are sometimes because of lack of progress and lately mostly because I feel like my form needs work. So, your bench hasn't increased in two months because you've deliberately held it back, and even reduced it. Try not doing that. If you think you need better form, practice form, but not at the expense of your work sets.
How fast would you like to gain muscle? A pound per month is 36 pounds in three years. That's a huge transformation, and in terms of athletic development, a pretty short amount of time. Perhaps the supplement you need a dose of is patience?
No, BCAAs are very important. Complete protein sources like meat, eggs, milk, etc are all excellent and economical ways to get your BCAAs. BCAA *supplements*, which contain BCAAs *and nothing else*, are in most cases just a money sink.
Sounds like your back was simply fatigued, maybe with a lower back pump on top of it (which is a weird feeling). After eleven sets (fifteen sets? Are you doing 1x5 or 5x5 on deadlifts?) that all load the spine in some way, this isn't totally surprising. Since it went away on its own in a short period of time, it's almost certainly nothing to worry about.
&gt;The link above should help you decide whether or not Crossfit should be done... by anyone. It didn't.
You may not notice anything on *any* day. When I stop taking creatine, I don't *feel* any different, I just lose a couple reps off of AMRAP sets.
This is the most perfectly clear-cut example of "haters gonna hate" that I have ever seen. You are criticizing people for doing something *correctly* because *you* don't know what it it is. The only thing here worthy of derision is your own willful ignorance. Look, I don't do Crossfit. I have never done Crossfit, I have no interest in it, I don't personally know anyone who does it. I have no horse in this race. But I know enough about strongman to recognize a continental clean when I see one. Do you? Do you even know what an axle is? Have you ever actually touched an axle, never mind attempted to clean it with significant weight? This technique exists for a reason. I watched the first half of this video, waiting for anything objectionable. I saw a bunch of people struggling with heavy weights. Some of them failed, some did not. As far as I could tell, nobody did anything dangerous or glaringly stupid, which is more than I can say about this thread. The blind equivocation between Crossfit, weightlifting, and strongman is just icing on the cake.
This might be a very basic question, but Google didn't turn up anything useful, so I'm asking you. What do you mean by "overworld/underworld"? From your example, I gather that the "underworld" is whatever the protagonist travels through during the story?
&gt;If going to failure is key, "If [false statement], then [any statement]" is always valid as a conditional, but does not imply the truth of its consequent. Going to failure may or may not be useful, depending on a bunch of stuff. As you've recognized, failure takes a lot out of you, to the point that you lose reps on later sets. Sometimes this is appropriate, sometimes not. Staying away from failure will absolutely still allow you to make gains, as long as you don't stay *ridiculously far* from failure. The problem is, without actually hitting failure now and again, this can be hard to judge. In the specific example you gave, it probably doesn't matter very much.
If you want to improve your neck, train your neck, not your traps. But no, I don't think grip width should affect much here.
Oh no! Instead of 3.5 billion potential partners, you only have 1.75 billion! How will you ever find a single person who likes you, out of a pool of only 1.75 billion??!?
You're right! Finding a few dozen people out of 1.75 billion is even harder!
Heavy front squats do tend to beat up the shoulders, but much like back squats, you just adapt to it and it stops bruising or hurting. In the meantime, wearing two shirts helps.
Sure. This is what many athletes do; in-season is just trying to maintain and stay healthy, off-season is for making gains.
Re-lacing my shoes every time sounds WAY harder than bringing a dip belt or holding a dumbbell between my knees.
Are you asking if the calculator *on the website* is as accurate as the calculation you're doing by hand? Because the website is doing *the same* calculation that you did by hand. Well, probably. There are a few different formulas, but the Epley formula is the most common: max = weight * (1 + reps/30) So yes, the online calculator should be fine. Whether that will be accurate to what you can actually lift is another matter.
Depends. They're just projections. The formulae were constructed from actual data, so they're reasonably accurate in general, but you shouldn't bet strongly on being exactly accurate for you personally on this specific occasion. I squatted 336 after hitting nothing above 285x5 in training, which was slightly above the projected max of 332. On deadlifts I always seem to underperform my projected max, probably because I'm weak off the floor and anything much above a 3RM just doesn't move at all. I'm working on that problem, and we'll see if it closes the gap between projection and actual. Projected maxes from low-rep sets are more likely to be accurate than high-rep sets.
&gt;That's true in theory, but I think it would be pretty difficult to come up with a good method of deciding which side to predict. I don't think you need a method to decide which side to predict. You just pick a prediction, and then you assign confidence to it. Suppose I'm systematically overconfident: I place 99% confidence on predictions that I get right only 70% of the time. What happens if, instead of asking me for my confidence in X (which would be 99%), you ask for my confidence in ~X? I won't say 1%: that would make me *underconfident*, and I'm systematically overconfident. If my calibrated confidence level should be 30%, I might say 50%. Framing effects can be huge! Of course, if you asked me both questions together, I'd clue in and give you numbers that added to 100%. No guarantee they'd suddenly be calibrated, though; framing effects are still a problem. But learning "my 50% predictions are only 30% right" is useful in just the same way that learning "my 99% predictions are 70% right" is. To stop being systematically overconfident, I need to learn that my gut feeling of "feels like a coin flip" means "probably not".
Kneeling squats. I've occasionally heard of people using them, but they're a pretty niche exercise.
Weight loss scales proportionally with your deficit. An 800-calorie deficit means you lose weight twice as fast as a 400-calorie deficit. Your current deficit, assuming it's based on a correct TDEE, should result in losing about 3/4 of a pound per week. You should be able to tell changes on the scale or via measurements. Change in the mirror is slow and subtle enough that it's hard to perceive day-to-day.
There is no reason whatsoever that you must use the public shower, if you are uncomfortable doing so. If you get sweaty or smelly, use deodorant, or just work out at the end of the day so you can go home afterward. I promise you that nobody cares about the size of your flaccid penis in the gym shower.
Maybe, but not by very much. [91% of energy expenditure is predicted by load alone](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7932947). A less-trained individual might expend more calories on repair and recovery, though, since they're less adapted to the same task. But this is a guess, and I have no idea if it would be significant if it actually exists.
Lower back, maybe. Upper back, definitely not.
Unimportant on the margin, but potentially very important on the tails. Certainly not a thing you need to deliberately track - if you're not tracking, you'll probably end up with something moderate, which then works fine. Food is energy, but food is not JUST energy. Your muscles, for example, are literally made out of protein, so large protein deficiencies have significant effects. And [very excessive protein intake will outright kill you](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rabbit_starvation).
Large nipples are not the same thing as moobs, and aren't necessarily about fat. Some people just have larger nipples than others. I'll also note that, a lot of the time, people worrying about their moobs have 100% completely normal looking pecs, and the entire problem is in their head.
Training more is a good way to increase your appetite. Or sure, maintain or cut for a while.
Your chest in the picture looks absolutely normal. You don't have moobs, nor are your nipples noticeably enlarged or otherwise abnormal in any way.
But you also said &gt;I don't really enjoy waiting more than a minute between sets. which suggests that you were working way too light before, as well. After a hard set of squats, I'm lucky if my head stops spinning in under a minute. If you find yourself ready and just waiting for the clock, go ahead and do your next set, but what should usually be happening on work sets is that you go "oh shit, I have to do another one of these in only 2 minutes, better catch my breath...".
There's tons of scientific literature on various training methods, but none that I know of specifically about pre-written programs currently in vogue on the Internet.
I've used both, and a variety of grip widths. Anything that is comfortable and keeps the bar secure is fine. A wider grip and thumbs-over is easier on my elbows though.
Creatine adds ~1-2 pounds. It's not a dramatic change.
How much progress is "very minimal progress"? I added one inch to my arm measurement in 2015. I consider that pretty good. If your calf measurement has gone up, say, a half inch in six months despite training them only once per week, there is no problem to solve. Keep that up for three years and it's 3" on your calves, a dramatic increase.
&gt;Overall, I don't count anything but protein and calories. If you aren't deliberately manipulating carb or fat intake, you will generally end up with something moderate. Almost any moderate carb/fat split is fine, whether it's 30/70 or 70/30 or whatever. If this works for you, there's little need to change it.
Relative strength will probably be a better indicator than absolute strength, since high relative strength requires both high absolute strength (= good muscle mass) and minimal excess fat. If you're more motivated by achieving things than by aesthetics, maybe you should just care about that? I find it very liberating to like my body for *what it can do* rather than just what it looks like.
Oh, I glossed over that line, good catch. I guess you could ask "what's your Wilks score" and not technically be asking for bodyweight, but that doesn't fit the spirit of the question.
That's really cool, but I'm pretty sure this is still going to be more expensive, less convenient, and less effective than the Planet Fitness. Yeah PF doesn't have barbells, but you're not going to have barbells with this either, and Smith/cable machines aren't worthless.
Straps are good. This is one place where I don't think quality matters a whole lot; earlier tonight my training partner pulled 600 off blocks, using straps he made by cutting up an old belt. If you want a specific product recommendation, [Ironmind](http://www.ironmind.com/product-info/training-gear/lifting-straps/) is basically top-of-the-line (and still dirt cheap, because come on, they're straps).
Mass gainer is just liquid food. It doesn't have special anabolic powers. A moderate amount of running isn't going to catabolize you, if you're also lifting and eating well.
&gt;pausing to let my other lifts catch up Don't do that. You've been lifting for two months. You're still basically working off of whatever level of strength you happened to start out with, and it's very common for that to not be well-balanced. Don't stress over ratios right now, just get stronger and let the ratios sort themselves out.
Go to a doctor/PT/something and do actual rehab, rather than just waiting and hoping it gets better.
You don't even need to avoid working out *primary* muscles two days in a row. It's a question of how much, not just how often.
It's the other way around: non-kg plates are rounded off. International standard kg plates, in pounds, are 2.75/5.5/11/22/33/44 pounds. Americans didn't want to count by 11s I guess (or move to metric) so we rounded to the nearest 5.
Yes. No.
That's just hoping for a PR to miraculously appear after seven weeks of no progression. Let's say your bench max right now is 200, and you hope to get 225 at the end of a training block. Your last week would be 180x3x2, doubles at 90% of your *old* max but only 80% of your hopeful new max. If you've gotten strong enough to bench 225, you should be able to do 180x3x6, so if all you can do is doubles, you're definitely not hitting the PR you want. Put it another way: the 90%x3x2 is something you should be able to hit, no question, on week 1. Six weeks later, if the program works, you should be stronger. So why are you still doing the 180x3x2 you could already do at the beginning? Greg's template gets around this by just not using percentages at all after the first week. If you want to keep track of things in percentages, you can do that, but you need the percentages to rise faster than the reps drop off so that you're actually making progress, rather than just hitting the same projected max every week.
Reps 1-15 were "just" strength, but 16-20 were determination.
Depends how they're structured, and on the individual. Once per week is fine; twice per week you usually want one of them to be lighter and/or more focused on variants and volume. If what you're doing is getting results, don't screw with it until or stops producing results.
&gt;that's heavy. Well, not the squats Dude, that's cold.
To be fair, the captions on the pictures are almost always deliberate jokes.
You're going to have to be a little more specific. It's not clear whether you're talking about a bodybuilding show, a car show, or something else.
My experience with tendinitis (of the elbow, not sure how much this applies to wrist) is that what you *do* matters at least as much as what you *don't* do. Avoiding pain is important so that you don't make it worse, but if you want it to actually *get better* instead of just temporarily stop hurting, you need to actively rehab it, not just rest.
Sure, do some curls. Stronglifts is indeed rather low on upper-body volume, there's plenty of room to add more.
It'll offset some of the weight *from your hand* onto the wrist, but since the bicep acts at the elbow, I don't see why that matters?
1) Stop obsessing over form. There is such thing as paying *too* much attention to it. If you finished the rep, it didn't hurt except maybe in a muscles-burning way, and you didn't make some kind of obvious huge error like stumbling during a squat, your form is good enough for most purposes. 2) Your assignment for the next week is to be aware of every single thing that goes into your mouth. I don't care if you keep track by writing it down, using MyFitnessPal, or just plain taking a picture before you eat, but next Sunday you should be able to list exactly what you ate every day this week. [You DON'T need to do this forever. Doing it once is a good experience so that you can get a little more awareness of your diet.] 3) Pick a program that you can follow with the equipment you have, and stick to it for at least 12 weeks. [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/comments/zc0uy/a_beginner_dumbbell_program_the_dumbbell_stopgap/) are [two](https://www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/wiki/kb/recommended_routine) that should be workable. After that, you should have a reasonable base from which to branch out and try other things.
Your workout is successful if your arms are getting larger. There is no reliable indicator immediately after the workout; fitness does not lend itself to instant gratification. Also, you should probably train more than just your arms.
Max effort doesn't mean you stop using good form, it means you apply a maximum amount of effort.
I think they are literally too wide to tandem deadlift a standard-length bar.
Wrist curls and reverse wrist curls, or wrist roller, are good ways to build wrist strength. However, if your wrists hurt benching 75lb, it is pretty likely that you are gripping the bar wrong and/or something is actually wrong with your wrists. Feel free to use wrist wraps if they help, but check out grip issues first.
In general, your tens will not progress at the same rate as your fives. Just progress the two separately, as if they were different exercises.
Periodization.
I'm not convinced that's true. But anyway, I don't necessarily wish I'd *started out* with it, just that I'd waited less than 2.5 years.
Lift and do HIIT, together, for 12 weeks. There's no reason these should be mutually exclusive.
No. The "rest" itself is irrelevant. It is sometimes desirable to find a way to do the exercise that allows tension throughout the movement, eg cable flies instead of dumbbell flies, but this is because you're just plain doing more work, not because it avoids slight pauses.
Tell me: is this PPL or LPP? ... * Monday: Pull * Tuesday: Legs * Wednesday: Push ... The answer, of course, is that they are the same thing. Push day comes before pull day and after leg day. It's a loop. You can move around the rest day or change which thing is on Monday, but saying legs is the beginning of the loop instead of the end doesn't change anything. If you went "legs, pull, push" that would be an actual CHANGE, but renaming PPL to LPP isn't. So sure, go for it. Edit: It sounds like you're doing "pull push legs" instead of "push pull legs". Still fine.
Working in a variety of rep ranges is beneficial almost no matter what your goal is. Block or linear periodization is braindead easy to implement, and works better than trying to cram every training goal into the same week.
&gt;Since these supersets are so difficult that I can't even reach the minimum reps on the lowest weights, I feel like I won't make any progress on them. Things being difficult is exactly how you make progress. That said, regular sets instead of supersets is fine. Doing supersets and just taking however many reps you can get would also be fine.
If you have to ask, the answer is probably no. Overtraining is generally not subtle. Also, what you are describing is not even a large amount of training.
Use a pumice stone to shave them down periodically.
Spending 7 hours canyoning almost certainly includes large amounts of rest, setup, waiting, eating, and other things that aren't actual canyoning and should not be counted as such. For comparison, "walking 3.5mph uphill" is stated at 490 cal/hr for a 180lb person. Unless your canyoning trip is harder than walking twenty miles solid uphill, you have not burned more than that.
3000 calories per day, for a muscular male who is on his feet most of the day, is not a particularly large amount. At 5'9" and 180lb, I maintain on roughly that much, and I'm neither especially jacked nor especially active. Some actors are also on steroids like other comments mention, but this is not necessary to explain the result.
I've gotten good results from HIIT alone, in terms of conditioning. Steady-state has its place too, but it's boring :p For a lifter, it's worth distinguishing between [cardio and conditioning](http://mythicalstrength.blogspot.com/2013/04/cardio-versus-conditioning.html). Anything that gets your heart rate up will improve your cardio, but that's not the only thing that improves endurance and recovery. For example, prowler sprints will have a lot better carryover to your workouts than swimming or the elliptical.
Unless you are already about as strong as you can get for your bodyweight, meaning world-class strong, none. Squatting three times per week can be challenging when you're in a calorie deficit (because it's also a recovery deficit). You say you can still hit the 205 "some days", so rather than reducing your work weight across the board, it might be more appropriate to make one day per week a lighter squat day while leaving the other two heavy.
Narrow stances definitely seem less common in the higher weight classes, but even for light lifters it's not like all the best squatters go narrow.
Counterintuitively, training more often means you get less sore. Soreness is a sign that you are unconditioned to the workload, and if you hit a muscle group only once per week, there's no reason for your body to adapt and recover faster than a full week.
Any manufacturer ought to be suitable, and $100 is definitely enough to buy a singlet new. The tricky part will be sizing, and unfortunately I can't help you there because I am not close to your size. But for example [Iron Rebel's singlet](http://www.ironrebel.com/collections/power-gear/products/iron-rebel-signature-singlet) goes up to a 6XL and [SBD](http://www.andersonpowerlifting.com/product-p/sbd-comp-singlet.htm) goes up to 5XL, so something big enough for you definitely exists.
Depends on the meet, but at a one-platform local meet, you certainly won't embarrass yourself. Competition is a good experience. It will make you a better lifter, it'll motivate you to train harder, and it's just plain fun. Go do it.
1) Use the "reply" button under a comment, rather than responding in another top-level comment. 2) Dumbbell carries aren't [farmer carries](http://cdn2.omidoo.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/full_width/images/bydate/20140326/fw2.jpg), so no, you literally cannot do farmer carries with them. 3) 40-pound dumbbells are pretty damn light for loaded carries.
Pretty much, yeah.
I find that they're moderately helpful for DOMS. If nothing else, warm baths are relaxing.
Your proportions look pretty normal. Just add muscle mass overall, maybe lose body fat to make your waist smaller, and you will have a nice V-taper.
Any of the programs in the wiki are appropriate while losing weight. Eating a lot is always beneficial to getting bigger and stronger, but only the most ridiculously intense programs *require* it.
I agree that it's an excellent exercise, but a barbell conventional deadlift from floor height is not remotely necessary for general strength and fitness. Plenty of successful athletes don't use it often, if at all. Even if you specifically want a heavily-loaded hip hinge exercise, there are many other ways to achieve it. For example: trap bar deadlifts, block/rack pulls, good mornings. Block/rack pulls, in particular, tend to be good for people who keep hurting themselves on a "standard" deadlift, since they eliminate the tendency to initiate the pull with the lower back.
Protein intake is at least as important while losing weight. He won't look jacked by the time he gets unfat, but it won't hurt and will probably help.
Clearly cheating. He doesn't have to fight gravity in that direction.
No. If sumo were easier, more than half of lifters would use it, and there wouldn't be a fuckton of new and standing records with conventional. Overall difficulty is roughly equivalent, so it comes down to whichever one the lifter prefers or is better at.
Lats/traps are involved, but they are not prime movers. You are never going to feel your lats as involved as your lower back, because they aren't.
At least one [mathematician](https://affinemess.quora.com/On-Hawkings-G%C3%B6del-and-the-End-of-Physics) is also unimpressed.
At a guess, focus more on pushing your hip forward, and less on what's happening at the knee.
Thanks for doing the legwork, haha. That sounds plausible.
This chart is a little weird because ALL of the change in calorie intake is from carbs. Think of that as the minimum value for protein and fat, which makes 415g the maximum value for carbs.
You realize that you were wildly optimistic in your calculations, so you have more fat and less muscle than you thought, and that the goal seems far away because it IS far away.
75lb is baby weight for a farmer's carry, though. Doing farmer carries with bodyweight per hand is not even impressive. Suitcase carries are cool, great for hammering the obliques. But you just plain can't load them very much, no matter how strong you are, for simple center-of-mass reasons. If you're carrying a significant fraction of your bodyweight, you have to lean pretty hard to maintain balance. Farmer carries are symmetrical, so they don't have this limitation. Needing to walk and breathe and keep your chest up while you're carrying something around your max deadlift will absolutely work your core in ways that suitcase carries can't.
Instead of wrapping your thumb around the handle, don't do that. http://bobthompsontraining.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/thumblesspulldowns.jpg
This is a specific instance of the body's general ability to adapt to demands placed upon it. If you spend a lot of time in the sun, your skin will become darker to protect you. If you lift heavy things, you will become stronger. And if you make your heart work hard, your heart will become stronger and more efficient.
It's not that a handle is better than the same weight in dumbbells, it's that handles let you use *more* weight than you could with dumbbells. Unlike a dumbbell, the weight is offset from the handle, so it cannot rotate out of your hand - it's very similar to the difference between an overhand vs mixed grip for deadlifts. And just like deadlifts, the result is that you can use MUCH more weight. In fact it's not uncommon, with handles, to be able to carry roughly your max deadlift. Good luck doing THAT with dumbbells - it's hard to even find a set of dumbbells that heavy! You're still going to be limited by grip strength, so you're getting just as good of a grip workout. But because you can use so much more weight, you're also going to hammer your upper back and core and legs to support that weight and keep putting one foot in front of the other.
What about it? &gt;[The condition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Athletic_heart_syndrome) is generally considered benign [...] This is because athlete's heart is a normal, physiological adaptation of the body to the stresses of physical conditioning and aerobic exercise.
&gt;I didn't ask about measurably, I asked about "at all." Right, and you got an answer, which you then rejected for unsound reasons: the fact that you are *stronger* at +72 hours than at +48 does not imply that MPS continues that long. This is because we have to distinguish between *recovery*, which is a whole bunch of things happening, and *growth*, which is one specific thing. In fact, we have to distinguish between "growth" and "elevated MPS post-exercise", since the elevated MPS is primarily to get you back to baseline from all the protein *breakdown* your session created.
Potentially quite a while. For example, some powerlifters find that to perform optimally in competition, their last deadlift workout should be a full week before the meet, possibly more. But this is because they're shedding fatigue, not actually building new strength. Again, we have to distinguish between *recovery* and *improvement*; you won't and can't and should not attempt to be 100% perfectly completely recovered from one workout to the next.
Probably because you're doing something weird technique-wise with the barbell. Or, perhaps, failing to count the weight of the bar itself.
&gt;Shouldn't muscle fatigue be the only thing that matters? No. I'm guessing you're in this strictly for hypertrophy, and don't care about squatting more in competition, being stronger on the field, or even being more "functional" - otherwise this question would be nonsense. Even when we're talking strictly about growth, though, growth is caused both by fatigue AND by mechanical stress - as in, moving heavy weight. Just doing leg extensions and chasing a burn all the time will fatigue the shit out of your quads, but won't produce the best growth.
Actually, there are uncountably infinitely many purely imaginary sequences with a real limit.
Building your rear delts is one of the ways in which they promote shoulder health.
&gt;So here's my straw man: encode a bunch of important math results in computer readable logic, **give the machine a goal (e.g. Riemann Hypothesis)**, fire up a distributed computing project, and then see what kind of novel results it spits out as it works. How do you do this? I mean, sure, you can make the machine string together chains of statements. But how do you tell it to string together chains *that get it closer to the goal*? What algorithm can you follow? If you knew what chain of statements would get you closer to proving the goal, why don't you just write them down yourself? Brute force alone is ineffective because the search space is so large. You need a way to narrow it way, way down if you want to get anywhere - that is, you have to know (or strongly suspect) that the correct approach lies in a very specific direction. And that's not necessarily much easier than solving the problem outright (although it has been used with success in some cases, eg Four Color Theorem). Even worse, a program to prove things *in general* - rather than a specific algorithm for a single (class of) problem(s) - is pretty much AI-complete.
This is kind of a "have you tried turning it off and then on again" idea, but when you feel beat up after a couple months, have you tried taking a deload week? Sometimes you just need to shed some fatigue so you can go back to training hard.
Depends how much of them you do. A 5x5 and a 3x8 is not a great deal of leg volume, although if you're doing it several times per week it's decent. Squat variants and lunges/split squats/etc are also good ways to get quad volume.
If you're already carrying around something to write in, why not just keep an actual journal?
Why do you need *a longer list of exercises* to train those muscles? Why not just, y'know, do *more* of the things that are already working for you?
Pedialyte powder.
&gt;Everybody knows, or at least they should, that muscles are built based on the body's ability to repair the micro tears created during strenuous exercise. This is the ELI5 description, not the actually accurate one. To my knowledge, there is no evidence that stretching post-workout promotes greater hypertrophy. Personally, I do find it beneficial (in small amounts) for mitigating soreness and retaining mobility, but this is very much a YMMV thing.
"Explain like I'm five" and "your mileage may vary"
You can totally use safety bars, just put them slightly below the bottom of your squat. Dropping the bar the last two inches won't hurt you or the equipment.
&gt;When on a large calorie deficit, say 1000-1500~ calories a day, what happens if you're exercising 4-6x a week but your diet lacks enough protein (roughly 1g protein for 1lb body weight)? Does the body prioritize cutting fat because of the demanding amount of exercise, or is there simply not enough protein to keep muscle from falling off ? The latter. If your deficit is so large that you can't get adequate protein intake, reexamine your life choices. &gt;I consistantly have loved ones telling me I look "too skinny". Family members give notoriously awful fitness advice. You could post pictures, but it is an extremely real possibility that your family is just plain wrong. Remember, also, that an actual majority of Americans are overweight. It's normalized to the point that just *not being fat* can be perceived as "too skinny".
Meat? You don't have to get your protein from supplements.
This whole response is fantastic. An absolute value trivial on Q but nontrivial elsewhere hadn't even crossed my mind!
Neuromuscular efficiency is not muscle size.
Good conditioning is just plain useful, and makes you a better lifter. I will note that the treadmill/elliptical/stationary bike/etc are not the only forms of cardio, and for a lifter are arguably inferior to things like prowler work and tire flips. http://mythicalstrength.blogspot.com/2013/04/cardio-versus-conditioning.html
5 reps is not low reps, though. It's a middle ground between lower (1-3) and higher (8-12), which is why it's used in programs that never vary rep ranges. Training with 12 reps will make you stronger. What it won't do is *increase your 1RM* as effectively as lower reps, but that is because 1RM is not a perfect indicator of strength. There is also an element of skill. You get good at what you train: if you always train 12 reps, you will have a great 12RM but not necessarily a commensurate 1RM.
&gt;"Everyone who participates in a training programme will reach their goals." Universal statements are *ridiculously* easy to challenge. Provide a single counterexample, boom, done. Like, say, the losing team in whichever sports championship you feel is currently topical.
Yeah, based on your stats, you definitely need to eat more than 2200 for weight gain. I'm eating more than that while losing weight, and I'm 9" shorter and 10kg lighter than you.
That should be the formula, yeah.
When it hurts, that either means a) something is wrong or b) that area REALLY needed to be foam rolled.
There is no firm guideline here. Anything from "never" to "every workout" can be and has been used successfully, if the program is structured to make it work.
Wraps are good. Straps are a different thing and won't help with wrist support for pressing. I'm a fan of my [Max RPM](http://www.liftinglarge.com/MaxRPM-Powerlifting-Wrist-Wraps) wraps, but there's a bunch of good brands out there. Your wrist problems might also be a result of just plain gripping the bar weird.
[Alicia Marie](https://www.instagram.com/aliciamariebody/)
Depending on what "not flaring" means, it could be the culprit. Excessive tucking makes it hard to use the pecs effectively.
The thing you want is called a binomial distribution. Given an independent probability of success on each trial p, the chance of exactly k successes out of n trials is (n choose k)\*p^(k)\*(1-p)^(n-k) &gt;But it is interesting to me that the probability of getting exactly 1/X (for X &gt; 4) is around 40%, for different sample sizes. What does this number even mean? Shouldnt it be higher, closer to 100%? No, because there's a bunch of other possibilities which shouldn't be very unlikely.
The set of rules/constraints you want is given in the program. Stronglifts tells you how to add weight (it's not 5lb per week) and how to handle missed reps. The app will even do it for you.
Yes. You get up and walk to the bathroom, to eat, etc. Will it be exactly by a factor of 1.2 as most calculators use? Maybe not. That's why you need data instead of estimates.
IQ is a statistical predictor of performance. You don't actually have a 135 stamped into your brain that determines how well you do on all tasks. It is possible and not especially rare to be smart in general but bad at some things. It is also possible and not especially rare to be extremely good at some things while not being brilliant in general.
&gt;A novice can increase the lifts every single workout. I think it is safe to assume that you know that. So if a novice can increase the weights 3x per week, why exactly would you wait 3 weeks to increase it? Because putting more weight on the bar *at the expense of not training other traits* isn't necessarily useful. Putting five pounds on your squat doesn't always mean you're stronger. It could just mean you're more skilled at squatting. In fact, when squatting with high frequency and low volume (e.g. Starting Strength), *most* of the progress comes from practice, not strength. Long-term, the best way to increase your lifts is to get stronger. If you specifically want to hit a squat PR rather than merely have strong legs, then at some point you should also focus on becoming a good squatter. But if you spend all your training time doing this, you never have time to get stronger. &gt;Intermediate lifters can increase their lifts every week (roughly), again, why wait 3 weeks to so so? No, they can't. This is simply not true. 5 pounds per week is 260 pounds per year; the intermediate stage is generally considered to last multiple years. It's numerically impossible: literally too good to be true. What you can do is have *individual training blocks* where you put another 5 pounds on the bar every week. This doesn't last for very long, although it can be extended somewhat if you're willing to reduce reps and/or taper volume. Eventually it runs out, and what really ends up happening is that you set a 15-pound PR after a 3-month block or some such; at this point you generally reset, or change things in some other way (or bang your head against a wall). Sometimes you have a great block and get a much larger PR, but this can't happen all the time; again, too good to be true.
A definition is exactly the kind of thing you want to have committed to memory. Not necessarily verbatim, but if that helps you retain things, sure. I find that *using* the definition enough times tends to cement the details. It's not that memorization is bad, it's that *just* memorization is *not enough*. I can sing Tom Lehrer's "Elements", because I have memorized it, but I couldn't tell you whether boron comes before or after magnesium in the song except by iterating through. And I certainly couldn't tell you much of anything about their chemical properties. If I were a chemist, this would be pretty damn useless to me. But I didn't get *actively worse* at chemistry by learning the song.
If you find the environment unsuitable, go somewhere else.
&gt;All I'm gonna say is think about this. How can it just stay in your stomach longer? Until it's its turn? That doesn't make any sense. That's literally what stomachs are for: so that food can wait its turn to get digested. If food is passing through your digestive system unprocessed, it is visibly and olfactorily obvious in your stool. Yet despite drinking 2 scoops of whey in milk every morning (~70g protein), I have yet to smell Optimum Nutrition Chocolate when I take a dump.
Yes. A small amount of junk food will not ruin you.
I didn't say "systemic fatigue is CNS". It's systemic not because everything in your body is part of the CNS, but because everything in your body is affected by it. There are other kinds of systemic fatigue, but they aren't relevant from deadlifts. When your bench drops because you deadlifted first, it's probably not because of your lungs.
You're not missing out on anything important. There's a few perks, but they're minor, mostly convenience stuff. Like, having a bar less than 7ft long is nice if you want to do walking lunges and the gym is crowded.
I barely float anymore.
Awful form doesn't prevent you from getting bigger. This is especially true when it's "awful" as in good technique that fittit doesn't like.
No, just a person that has taken physics. It seems likely that some kind of deadlift is how an average person can apply the most force. But if your design hinges on being able to apply the *most* force possible, rather than merely not putting the user at a large mechanical disadvantage, then you should almost certainly go back to the drawing board; what happens when someone needs water who isn't a healthy adult male of at least average strength?
The reassembled pieces [don't actually line up](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Missing_square_puzzle). There is a long, narrow hole with total area equal to one chocolate square.
/r/learnmath n(n+1)/2
None of the above. In high school you learned about the naturals, integers, rationals, reals, and complex numbers. Each of those extends the last, so that the rationals are contained in the reals and etc. The p-adics are a *different* way of extending the rationals, like a fork in the road. You end up with a complete field that contains the rationals but is very different than the reals.
Use a less terrible app. You do spend a lot of time looking things up... for about a month. Once your staples are all in the "recently used" list, it becomes very fast.
Yes. We obviously have an injection the other way, so that would establish that the Cantor set has the cardinality of the reals.
Metric completeness; in fact the p-adic numbers are a metric completion of Q. However, they are not an ordered field.
Your formula is correct. Most likely, you are indeed entering it into your calculator wrong. The most common error I see is precedence: a typical graphing calculator uses PEMDAS, it can't read your mind. If you enter (A/P)\^1/nt exactly like that, it goes left to right: 1, divided by n, times t. That's effectively t/n, while you want 1/(nt).
It's because you are moving heavy things, which places stress on the body. That can injure you, because of course it can. Good technique distributes that stress in a way that reduces injury risk. But it doesn't magically make the stress disappear.
It's not clear to me why your construction should require an acute triangle, since you never relied on the original angle's size. Counterexamples are more visually clear when you use an angle near 180 degrees. Step 4 is right: you can construct 30-degree angles directly, so a 90-degree angle can be trisected. Step 5 is wrong: the result is not a trisection of the original angle. For example, suppose you start with a 60-degree angle. This gives you an equilateral triangle, which is nice; let's say the sides are length 1. A trisection should produce 20-degree angles, making two triangles on the outside with angle measures 20, 60, and 100 degrees. The Law of Sines tells us that the shortest side would have a length of sin(20)/sin(100)=.347. You construct your right triangle; it has legs of length 1/sqrt(2). Trisecting it yields an outside triangle with angle measures 30, 45, and 105. The Law of Sines tells us that the short leg, which is shared with the other triangle, has length sin(30)/[sin(105)\*sqrt(2)]=.366. This is not the same value, so it isn't a trisection. Your Contingency 2 has the same issue. Even though you can trisect one of the "facing angles", that isn't a trisection of the other.
Struggling is allowed. Struggle is not a sign of failure, it is a sign that you are working toward success.
I sort of collect false proofs, but I haven't encountered this one. Since she doesn't remember (or understand) the proof, it's possible she also didn't understand the claim. For example, here's a related one she could be misremembering: how do we know inductive reasoning works? Not mathematical induction, but the general claim that things will continue to behave as they have in the past. Attempts to justify this generally end up circular: we know inductive reasoning works because it's usually worked for us in the past... but this is only a justification if you assume inductive reasoning works! In fact, the same justification supports anti-inductive reasoning ("we'll continue using things that have never worked, because this approach has never worked in the past!"). If she has a poor enough understanding of logic to blankly accept such a "proof", then it's also possible she misunderstood "it is not the case that things which have happened before will happen again" as "things which have not happened before will continue to not happen".
Lots of reasons. However, if your only concern is quad size, then you probably don't care about them.
&gt;Is this a mental thing? Pretty much, yeah. It's hard to notice *any* kind of change in yourself, because it's always gradual. You never wake up and say "wow, I look totally different than I did yesterday", so there's no reason to change the picture in your head.
I train with a former Mr. California. He now just does powerlifting, but for years competed in both. I once asked him what he did differently for bodybuilding. He said it was pretty much just the diet. Bodybuilding is a sport. Powerlifting is a sport. "Powerbuilding" is not a sport, it's a confused idea made up by people who think the previous two things are philosophies instead of sports. Training to get both larger and stronger is simply called "training", which is what powerlifters and bodybuilders already do. You include a few more curls and side raises than otherwise and ta-da, you now have an 'aesthetics program'. Anyway, any decent program will provide you both strength and size. I'm not personally familiar with 2suns 531, but it's probably fine, as are most forms of actual 5/3/1. I'm also partial to the GZCL method.
In fact, the diagonal argument can be applied directly to any attempted enumeration scheme, and will produce a counterexample. It's not just dodging the argument, it actually shows you where it fails.
Explanations 1 and 2 are not the reasons that we think this equality is true. They are explanations for laymen. Rather, we think it is true because it follows immediately from the meaning of the string "0.999 repeating". Confusion over this problem comes from people not knowing what numbers are. They think that a decimal representation *is* a number, when actually it is merely a way of *writing down* a number. You can write the letters c a r on a chalkboard, but you cannot get into the letters and drive. You are already intimately familiar with the idea that numbers can have multiple written representations. For example, 1/2=2/4. It turns out that decimal representations aren't unique either. You can write down the collection of symbols "0.999..." and ask, what number does this represent? Decimal representations of infinite length represent the limit of the partial sums. The limit of partial sums here is 1. Thus, 0.999...=1 as an immediate consequence of what the symbols "..." and "=" mean.
You're asking about a .5% difference in body fat. The error bars on the measurement are larger than the discrepancy you're trying to explain. Your performance has not dropped, so it is unlikely that you have lost muscle. There is no problem. You simply took measurements two weeks apart using a tool that cannot distinguish signal from noise after only two weeks.
Make a shopping list. Buy food on the list. Don't buy food not on the list. If motivation comes into play regularly, you are doing something wrong. Structure things so that following your plan is the path of least resistance.
The first thing to notice here is that the line being a *regression* line is totally irrelevant, it's a red herring. All they want you to do is use the line itself, and a certain parabola. You know that this line is a tangent line to the parabola. When you hear "tangent line", you should immediately think about derivatives, because a derivative is the slope of a tangent line. You know the slope of the tangent line: it's 3.145. What's the derivative of the parabola at the point of tangency? You will get an expression in terms of a. You know it has to evaluate to 3.145, so what is a?
That depends whether you are feeling pain or soreness. Being sore for 5 days after your first workout is not uncommon. Soreness should not stop you from working out.
&gt;Reps were as follows: 2 full reps (my limit) and then 5x jump up and slow release down - reverse tension or whatever you call it. I did this 5 days a week for 12 weeks. So you took a workout you were already capable of doing, and kept doing the same thing for another three months. Yes, that won't produce progress: it was already within your abilities, there's nothing to require progress. Yes, you could also change your rep scheme, add more volume, etc etc as others have suggested. But fundamentally, your plan was missing progressive overload. If you had attempted to add one more negative each week, then by the time you got to 10 you would almost certainly be better at pullups.
Well. That was more sudden than I expected.
You should [quit stalling](http://mythicalstrength.blogspot.com/2015/07/quit-stalling.html).
Yes. Exponentiation happens before multiplication, and we treat the negative sign as a multiplication by -1.
Vague questions get vague answers. It's hard to give you much advice here beyond "do more math". Putting your thoughts together in a logical order that flows correctly from premise to conclusion is a skill, which is developed by practice.
This. If your previous professor didn't "get around" to covering a topic as critical as *integration*, and you're expected to know integration for the following course, then something has gone wrong. At minimum, the administrators should know so that they can fix it for the future.
Good on you for this response. It's a readily observable fact: for example, WSM competitors are all very tall, as noted in another reply. Elephants are stronger than humans, who are stronger than ants. Larger organisms are, in general, stronger. At the theoretical level, it's because leverage is linear with limb length, and thus with height. However, weight (and muscle mass, and even muscular cross-sectional area) grows faster than linearly with height. If you just scaled up a human by a factor of 2, their weight would increase by a factor of 8, because space is three-dimensional. Tall people aren't really just scaled-up short people: proportions change, so it ends up being an exponent of ~2-2.6 instead of 3, but still much higher than 1.
I like [this shot](https://www.instagram.com/p/BPRs5WxDchO/) too.
Preferably, include the actual instructions rather than a summary or paraphrase of them.
Powerlifting has definitely exploded as well. My training partners and even the head of my federation have reminisced to me about how, a decade ago, local meets drew twelve people instead of sixty - in spite of holding three times as many meets now.
That's what I told myself too, until I discovered that having strong shoulders doesn't make me good at leg drive. After three years of nothing but strict press, I push press only a few percent more than my strict.
Probably doesn't matter. It's one week. Is gaining or not gaining half a pound important?
From the heart rate data alone? I doubt you can.
Yes. For the third time, I understand what you have asserted. I am not asking for a restatement of your thesis, I am asking for a credible source, because I am *disagreeing with you*. I do not believe the things you are saying are true. I have not found them to be true in my own training. I have not found the expert consensus to support what you are saying. Yes, DUP is indeed based on undulation between sessions. There is, to my knowledge, precious little evidence that DUP outperforms other protocols in general.
I am disagreeing with this statement, which was also where we started this exchange: &gt;he would get a mild blunting affect of the strength stimulus if he followed it up with lots of hypertophy type training I am aware of no reason to believe this is true, and your link does not support it either. Low- and high-rep stuff in the same session somehow blunting each other is not a thing. DUP is cool, just not strictly superior to other forms of periodization, as is readily observed from e.g. the fact that people running western periodization still win competitions.
No, linear periodization does not require that you use the same rep scheme for main lifts and accessories. Both should taper together, because that's what the "linear" part means, but if your bench start at 8s and taper to singles while your dumbbell bench starts at 15s and tapers to 8s, that still fits well within the framework of linear periodization.
&gt;mathematics is easier than general intelligence. You think? I'd bet that research mathematics is AI-complete.
The training max doesn't dictate how fast you progress, just how fast you put weight on the bar. If you're getting stronger faster than the TM rises, you'll get more reps on your + sets, which is still an excellent form of progress. If you make such amazing progress that you're doing a truly ridiculous number of reps and want to put more weight on the bar instead, you could recalculate the TM, or run a peaking block, or whatever. Or just start using joker sets.
Right, but the first two sets are glorified warm-ups, not drivers of progress. And accessory work is mostly not based on the training max at all. In practice, the TM and your max don't really grow far apart. People like to think they can add 5 pounds to their max every week, but a calculator will show that this is wildly implausible to sustain for very long.
Okay. Let's just be honest about "I don't think this kind of thing happens" rather than "it's literally impossible for this kind of thing to happen", please. This is /r/math, we can handle precision in our arguments.
Mehdi? That was not part of the program last time I looked. It is bad advice.
Tastes a lot better in milk than water. If calories are an issue, use nonfat milk.
&gt;shoulders Your back muscles act on the shoulder joint, and your rear delts are involved in most pulling movements. &gt;top of the arm The bicep [runs all the way up the arm](http://chandlerphysicaltherapy.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/bicep.jpg). Soreness is usually not evenly distributed. Sometimes it happens in weird places. Nothing is wrong.
I believe Reebok replaced it with a Lite TR 2.0 or something. However, now I don't see it on their website. You should still be able to find them from Amazon.
&gt;It seems like every site I read and every video I watch there is always some "expert" telling me different things on how to achieve the best abs. Those people are trying to sell you things. The shape of your abs is determined by 1) their size and 2) genetic or otherwise immutable traits like insertion points. You can make your abs larger, and you can lose body fat. But if you want a particular shape, you're simply out of luck. That's OK though. [This guy](http://www.borntoworkout.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/Bruce-Lee-Chest-Workout.jpg) had flat, asymmetrical abs and is still regarded as generally awesome.
Why does there have to be a difference? What force is opposing you when you travel west? You aren't opposing the Earth's rotation: it keeps happily rotating under you, same as always.
It's not actually an increase in energy expenditure. Where would the energy be going? This is one of the major flaws of heart rate wearables. They calculate calories by assuming energy use tracks with heart rate, but this is only true during aerobic exercise.
1. "Alternating" means you do one thing one session, and the other the next. 2. Yes, and chins. 3. A pair is fine. 4. Do light sets ramping up to your work weight. 3-5 warm up sets is usually right, and you should not do enough reps to come anywhere near failure. For example, if your work sets are at 225, you might do 45x5, 95x5, 135x5, 185x3. 5. Yes.
I think this is the least dumb use of the Chinese Room that I've ever seen!
I agree. It is a cute piece of trivia that the ratio of sine to cosine is also the length of a tangent, but it doesn't especially help you do anything. It is maybe a bit helpful for remembering what the graph of tan should look like; that's about it. Frankly, given how the unit circle fails to be enlightening for most students, this picture would mostly be one more thing to memorize.
Hm. It might be worth trying static hangs with that grip, or getting used to doing pullups with the other grip.
It would be really really worthwhile to learn how to talk to your parents, not only because you're stuck with them for at least two more years and maybe much longer, but also because being able to communicate with people that aren't totally cooperative is an extremely valuable skill. Sometimes, people want to yell at you, bring up all your faults, etc; you should still be able to remain calm and on-topic. Hopefully, your parents are not the kind so unreasonable that your only hope is to try to survive until you can move out. If you can't get through the conversation in person, write them a letter or note. Point out the things you said: you're doing well in school, you're participating in multiple sports, you have a social life, you aren't doing anything shady, literally all you're asking for is the ability to rest sometimes. This is not at all unreasonable. If you're lucky, they just say "oh yeah, you're right, this is a 100% innocent request". More likely, from there you negotiate. For example, you could offer 'can I rest on the couch if I'm not browsing on my phone?' Or they could ask that you achieve some particular thing they feel you are letting slide.
Tell your PT this, so that they can try something else. I have no idea what kind of PT you've done, but in my experience, being lazy with PT accomplishes very little. It only goes anywhere when you're hitting it once or twice per day, rather than per week.
"Heavy dumbbell carries" is a contradiction in terms. Dumbbells inherently limit the amount of weight you can carry, because they rotate out of your hands much like an overhand grip on deadlifts. A pretty average weight for farmer carries is bodyweight per hand. Most gyms don't even *have* dumbbells that go that high, and if they did, few people could pick them up. Dumbbell carries tax grip and little else.
If you find yourself routinely waiting much too long (or not long enough), go ahead and use a timer. I use my phone stopwatch regularly and have never so much as drawn a glance for it. Going by feel is also fine. I've actually had good results by making myself go slightly *before* I'm ready, because by that point it's mostly in my head, and pushing through it has made me tougher.
I listened to what my body was telling me too. It was mostly "you're out of shape, regardless of how much you can squat". So I fixed that.
When we say "the complex numbers cannot be ordered", we mean that there is no way to make *the entire set C* into an ordered field. This does not rule out the possibility of an ordered subfield.
Hire a coach. Not a rando personal trainer from the local LA Fatness, but somebody that knows their stuff. Juggernaut is relatively nearby, for example. Equipment-wise, I have the basics and don't see much use for anything else.
Don't sweat the exact ratio of carbs to fat. It rarely matters whether it's 40/30 or 30/40. However, if you're overshooting your fat target by more than a factor of 2, you either need to find some foods with more carbs and less fat, or adjust your plan.
[Penetration](http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=2615). More seriously, pentation. But it's very rare to see hyperoperators referred to by name. Up-arrow notation is just a concise way to specify them, rather than making up names.
It's not an infinite series, it is the finite sum from 0 to N. /u/Emperor_Squilly is also correct that the terms of a positive convergent series must have a maximum. Since it converges, the terms go to zero. So take the first nonzero term to be epsilon; past some Nth term, all the terms are smaller than this. Then the maximum of the first N terms is also the maximum of all the terms.
I'm pretty sure this runs afoul of Rule 5. Taking multiple painkillers every day long-term without consulting a doctor is probably a bad idea. Better yet, just go see a doctor about 'constant nervous tension', because that shouldn't happen either.
&gt;but if it's possible to max out for 30 days, I want to do it. It's not. Your work capacity won't magically spike merely because you're on vacation. Slow and steady gets results. Hard and sudden gets you burned out or injured. By all means, ramp it up a notch for this month. *One* notch. Not twelve. Your goal is to become well-conditioned enough to *stay* one notch higher, even when you go back to work.
A doctor's office.
I have not. My waist measurement shrinks and grows steadily throughout the process.
"Normalize", probably.
&gt;Should I just replace those heavy days with higher rep bench and shoulder exercises Sure. You only need to change one thing, and temporarily. No reason to screw with the rest of the program that is already working for you.
Yes. However, not all of them prefer barbells, and especially the power lifts. You seem to be confusing "compound" with "free weight". A *compound* lift is one that involves action at multiple joints, as opposed to *isolation* where only a single joint moves.
In the short- to mid-term, like a few months? You'll be fine. Long-term, hammering exactly the same movement pattern at ever-higher loads is a good way to get overuse injuries.
This is a broad topic that you probably aren't going to really understand from reading a wiki page and a Reddit comment. But here's something that might help a bit. First, let's talk about real numbers. The real numbers are sort of an 'expansion' of the rational numbers. Specifically, we start with the rational numbers in the usual way, imagining them arranged on a number line. The rationals are dense on this line, but the line still has holes in it: for example, there's no square root of 2. We have rationals that square to something really close to 2; in fact, we can get arbitrarily close. But we can't get there exactly. This means the rationals are *incomplete*: you can write down a sequence of rationals that looks like it ought to have a limit of sqrt(2), except there isn't any such number. To build the reals, we "fill in" all of these holes. The machinery we use to do this is technical and I'm going to skip over it completely. Suffice to say, this process takes all those sequences that look like they *ought* to converge, and makes new numbers for them to converge towards. These irrationals are what you would expect them to look like as the limits of rational approximations. The sequence I mentioned above might look like (1, 1.4, 1.41, 1.414, ...) and sure enough the square root of 2 looks like 1.414... Now the p-adics are built by *exactly* the same process - except we change what it means for a sequence to converge. We no longer care about size in the usual sense. Instead, we're going to care about *congruence*. But for that we need to pick a modulus, and for technical reasons it has to be a prime number. For example, let's take p=3. We're going to start from scratch again, with the rational numbers, except instead of talking about the usual distance, we're going to talk about congruence mod 3. Numbers that are congruent are close together. Specifically, we're going to say that the distance between them is the *reciprocal* of the highest power of 3 by which they are congruent. (The *p-adic absolute value* generalizes the idea of congruence-as-distance to all rational numbers.) So 0 is close to 3, they're a distance of 1/3 apart. And 0 is even closer to 9, they're a distance of 1/9 apart. But 0 is not close to 1, so they're a distance of 1 unit apart. Similarly, 1 is close to 4, even closer to 10, and not close to 2. Think about it for a second, and you'll see that every integer must be close (ie, congruent mod 3) to either 0, 1, or 2. So we can take all of our integers and put them into 3 groups around those numbers. Within each group, we can subdivide again: the integers congruent to 0 mod 3 are either of the form 3n, 3n+3, or 3n+6 - so we have three smaller groups, representing congruence mod 9. Subdivide again into groups mod 27. And so on. Instead of a number line, you have arranged your integers into a picture that looks [like this](http://wwwmath.uni-muenster.de/logik/Personen/hainke/AlgebraSeminar/p-adic-rus4.gif). But just like the number line, this picture has holes in it. I can get things that are close to square roots of -2! Look: * 2^(2)=4, which is congruent to -2 mod 3. * 4^(2)=16, which is congruent to -2 mod 3^(2). * 22^(2)=484, which is congruent to -2 mod 3^(3) (actually, mod 3^(5)). In fact, I can extend this sequence as far as I want, and get a rational number that squares to something arbitrarily close to -2 (in our 3-adic congruence sense). The fact I can get arbitrarily close is Hensel's Lemma, which I'm not going to prove here. So under our congruence scheme, it looks like we have a hole where there should be a sqrt(-2). We can fill in those holes, just like we did before. Instead of the reals, we get the 3-adic numbers, and sure enough there is a 3-adic square root of -2. What does it look like? Well, it turns out that the most convenient way to write numbers for 3-adic math is in base 3. Then my approximations above would be written (2, 12, 212, ...). And as you'd expect, the exact 3-adic square root of -2 looks like ...212. In the reals, digits are allowed to go infinitely out to the *right* because huge negative powers of 10 are considered "small". But in the 3-adics, digits are allowed to go infinitely far to the *left*, because huge *positive* powers of 3 are considered "small". This was very long, and still handwavey. Honestly, if you want to really understand these, get a textbook and start working through it.
Yep, trap bar carries are cool. Just to be nitpicky, "farmer carries" specifically refers to the kind using farmer handle implements. Carrying things in general is just called "carries" or "loaded carries".
The row space is the orthogonal complement of the null space. This is why x is guaranteed to have a unique decomposition into row- and null-space components, just like vectors in R^(2) have a unique decomposition into horizontal and vertical components.
Eh, sometimes a set just goes screwy for whichever reason. Misgroove, mind wasn't in the right place, etc.
You should change assistance templates like Jim recommends, but there's no reason to move off the program entirely.
(f\*j)(3) is read out loud as "f times j of three", much like how f(3) is read as "f of 3".
Because a leg press is not a squat. For one thing, you do not have to move the weight of your body. For another, leg presses are generally on an incline, so the force required is less than the weight on the machine.
Ah, yes. A combination of strength and mobility is the path to lasting injury, while putting maximal loads on immobile joints is the path to joint health.
He seems to have a pretty mystical view of mirrors. Now I want to ask him the Feynman question about why mirrors flip left/right but not up/down.
Only if you "spent" the $1000 by throwing it in the trash. Which in this analogy is... eating food you don't like, I guess? And exercise has benefits beyond calorie burn.
Right, not labeling the balls doesn't make them stop being distinct entities. But some things *don't* behave like that. The series 10-1+10-1+10-1... diverges to infinity in a totally standard epsilon/N sense - and it's nonsense to say "aha, but WHICH 1s are you subtracting?" If anything, I'm saying that the problem being sensitive to what should be inconsequential tweaks is a good reason to think the whole thing is nonsense.
If it only kicks in a day later, it's especially likely to be soreness.
How long have you been doing this?
Almost all humans get injured multiple times in their lives. Most injuries are not severe - we're talking about muscle strains that recover on their own in a month and don't keep you from training, not compound fractures or tendon ruptures.
That's a question you need to ask a doctor.
It's very simple: put yourself in an airtight chamber, and measure oxygen consumption. However, this is clearly not practical. What you should actually do is treat your lifting routine as part of your baseline and figure it out the usual way of "adjust calories until you see the desired result", rather than trying to calculate each session by hand.
A few things, I think: * Checks and balances are not always fast enough. For example, this can be overturned as unconstitutional... once the litigation gets done, which could take what, months? Years? * The people with the power to check the president have to be willing to use it. Congress is on his side now. * The President has power to appoint people. It's not just his own explicit powers, it's the entire executive branch. It's not like we kept the Obama administration and just brought in one new person. * The executive branch has grown more powerful over time, and now the people worried about executive overreach are getting proven right.
More effective at what? Variety will tend to let you use more training volume, and avoid overuse injuries. Focusing on one movement will make you better at that movement, especially in the short to mid term.
Are your textbooks written in plaintext? It would be very strange to see a modern textbook that said sin3x/4 instead of `[; \sin\frac{3x}{4} ;]`. The latter is unambigously "the sine of three-fourths of x". In your second example, -(t^(7))=(-t)^(7) for all values of t. For even exponents, you are correct, and anyone doing it the other way is being sloppy.
Put one hand on the opposite pec. Take the other arm out to your side, then bring it in horizontally across your body. Can you feel your pec flexing? Now do that when you're benching.
I'm not *defending* ICF; I think it's a sloppy patch on a fundamentally poor template. But you asked why it got removed while other stayed: the answer is probably that it's *less* bad than those. In a program with squats, bent rows, and deads every day, yes I certainly don't think it's strange to include an accessory for back/hip strength. Again, that will support and drive progress on the main work.
Anatomically, the "core" refers to everything that isn't a limb. But in this context, it generally means the box of muscles around your abdomen: abdominals, erector spinae, obliques, diaphragm, pelvic floor.
Right, it's weighted instead of e.g. having someone apply light pressure with their hand; it's just another way to get deeper into the stretch. And rather than holding the position for time, you hold it for several seconds and repeat, which is not uncommon for stretches. I would be surprised if this produces a burn, since strength-wise it is just a very light, very low-rep pullover.
It shouldn't be. They're called "hyperextensions" for a reason: you hyperextend the spine at the top, and (usually) round over at the bottom. This is safe since you're using no (or minimal) loading, and it's a movement you don't/shouldn't get during deads. When my back feels clenched up after deads, I'll go do a set or two of hypers with no weight, and it usually gets me loosened up.
&gt;It's been my understanding thus far that powerlifters focus on strength and bodybuilders focus on aesthetics. Is this totally true? No. Powerlifting and bodybuilding are sports. They are not types of training. In fact, people in both sports often use the same programs, and some of the best compete in both simultaneously. Strength and muscular size are not opposing traits. It would be very surprising if you managed to get significantly stronger *without* becoming larger and more muscular, or vice versa. Every good bodybuilder lifts heavy. Every good powerlifter chases their heavy lifts with accessory work. Unless you are interested in stepping on a platform and getting a total, or shaving your whole body and posing on stage, you are not talking about powerlifting or bodybuilding, you are just talking about training.
Sort of. Rep schemes matter [less than commonly believed](http://www.strongerbyscience.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/12752057_10153492667389016_1119053659_o.jpg), in the sense that triples will make you bigger and twelves will make you stronger, with volume and effort much more important than reps per set. But while almost any rep range will get you both strength and size, using a variety of rep ranges strictly outperforms keeping reps the same - for both strength AND size. Programs that are strictly 10+ reps aren't bodybuilding programs, and they're not even hypertrophy programs. They're simply *bad* programs.
I suppose converses are contrapositives of inverses, so I'm not sure what my objection was, haha.
Yeah, "5/3/1" is best thought of as a proper name for the collection of training principles published by Jim Wendler. It also happens to describe one part of the baseline version of the training program, but this is mere convenience. The Texas Method doesn't need you to be in Texas, after all!
It is normal to regain some weight when coming out of calorie restriction. This is good; it's just your body refilling glycogen stores and other normal stuff, so that you can go back to feeling normal instead of tiring out quickly and etc. It is likely that those pounds will stay until/unless you restrict calories again.
Losing 3+ reps from adding 2.5kg shouldn't happen. However, if it does, stay at that weight anyway. There's no reason you *have* to do at least 6 reps per set. Progressing from 4-8 instead of 6-8 will still make you stronger.
Well, you're wrong because almost everything you just said is nonsense. To pick a few, &gt;Some obvious contrasts between the two kinds of workouts you'll find bodybuilders and powrlifters doing: a bodybuilder will typically do 6 - 8 reps, powerlifters aim for 1 - 5. Body builders focus on two muscle groups a day and have one leg day a week, power lifters will do legs, in one capacity or another, almost every day. Here's a [poll](http://www.rkursem.com/poll/view.php?cmd=view&amp;id=621b64b1469cec68e) from /r/powerlifting a while back. People are using every training protocol under the sun, with the most popular being an upper/lower split. I've rarely seen a powerlifter recommend a program that focused on fives over any other rep range, as you would expect in a sport based on max singles. And if you look at what top lifters are doing, it rarely involves hitting legs every day. Like I said, I'm less familiar with the BB side, but here's [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/bodybuilding/comments/1s0k02/rbb_post_your_program/) where the top two non-joke comments are both PPL, hitting legs twice per week. The third most upvoted is a single body part split. Again, protocols are all over the place. Nor have I seen any particular bias towards sets of 6-8, in this thread or elsewhere. &gt;And accessory workouts, eapecially if yiu're doing them in the vein of bodybuilding, while trying to increase your powerlifting numbers, can be a huge detriment. World champion powerlifters routinely refer to their accessories as "bodybuilding work". This is not coincidence. &gt;The goal of a powerlifter is to get stronger, which means gaining muscle and not caring as much about weight. The goal of a bodybuilder is to gain muscle while "losing weight" (fat). Powerlifting is a weight class sport. Unless you are a SHW, you are literally required to care about how much you weigh. Bodybuilders most commonly have an off-season when they allow themselves to gain some fat in order to put on size. [Lee Priest](http://liftbigeatbig.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/lee-2Bpriest.jpg) is an especially extreme example, but if you look at other competitors, you will also see that they generally get fluffier in the off-season in the hopes of bringing a better package when they lean out for a show. You are correct about some things. For example, it is true that bodybuilders care more about symmetry/balance, and put more focus on training those aspects. But overall, this response reads like someone who has never participated in either sport or even talked to anyone who has. That's why I asked you your experience: if you are a three-time champion, I'd be willing to revise my beliefs in the face of disagreement from someone credible. But if you're a random guy whose only qualification is secondhand from reading about things on the Internet, why should we listen to you?
See, this is why I asked you about your experience. In response, you linked me articles on T-nation. Reading about the sport is not experience, it's telephone game. If this has been your *experience* with the sport, then I'm surprised, but I guess we move in different circles, or it's different in other parts of the world, or something. I'm certainly not the world's authority. But if you're giving me your interpretation of an editor's version of someone else's interpretation of their experience with the sport... do you see the difference?
You are correct. Plug in a=0, b=0 and you get no frame. If the expression were for the area of the frame, it should evaluate to zero, but it does not. Also, if you take a 5x3 photo and calculate the total area of the photo and frame, you get exactly the expression given.
Having a competition on the calendar can be a good way to pull the rest of your schedule into place. But even without that, you can just decide - hey, the next six weeks I'm going to focus on bringing up my conditioning, so that after that I can really go all-out on a hypertrophy block, and then I'll taper volume and drive up the intensity for a while to set some PRs. I've actually had much better luck since I started thinking about my training in terms of months, rather than individual weeks. I've had a lousy year between school and injuries, haha. I went to another meet in June, but picked bad attempts and only did ~30 pounds better than in February. I'm competing again in March, looking at squatting a bit over 400, benching ~230, and pulling 480-500 (500 would be awesome, but at this point it's looking more like a stretch goal). One of these days I need to bite the bullet and go up a weight class.
I am a big fan of conditioning work, it's maybe the most important thing that I see commonly neglected. I do prowler sprints or tire flips at the end of a workout 2-3 times per week, and when I'm pushing the volume I'll do circuits or a bunch of drop sets after other training sessions too. I find this makes a huge difference in my ability to recover, and it also lets me move through workouts a lot faster because I get winded less and catch my breath sooner. Cardio in the usual sense, like treadmills or etc, I haven't found very useful. For quads, I just relied on squats for a long time, and now I'm finally limited by quad strength and have to work on it, haha. Leg press and walking lunges are good. Walking lunges supersetted with squats are especially evil (like, lunges to the brink of failure, then 10-20 squats with the bar you were using for lunges). I mostly just don't train lower body on consecutive days, but if you need to be less stiff, riding the stationary bike for maybe 20 minutes will help a lot, get some blood flowing. That's actually one of the few uses I've had for cardio proper.
The back is several major muscle groups with completely separate functions. Which part are you interested in improving? Back extensions, for example, can be done by just laying over something. Getting fit enough to go to the gym is a bit silly. If you can walk unassisted, you are more than fit enough to go to the gym.
Long arms make bench harder, but deadlifts easier. So in terms of total, not really, no.
You look perfectly normal. Gain some muscle, lose some fat, you'll be fine.
I've had a training partner stand behind me with his fist where my shoulders should stop. If I run into his hand, I've gone too far.
In the context of an algebra 2 course, I'd bet money you have miscopied or otherwise omitted some part of the problem.
Most people, especially beginners, are VERY bad at gauging their own limits, so your plan usually results in lots of sandbagging. By taking your own judgment out of the decision process, you end up working harder. [This article](http://mythicalstrength.blogspot.com/2017/05/dont-leave-rep-in-tank.html?m=1) is relevant.
On my phone, but Google the article "Conditioning 101" on t- nation, it's a pretty good primer.
Feels more satisfying this way. I'm excited to fill my journal in a couple more years.
The app is designed for use by people who have either never lifted at all, or not in a long time. It's implicitly assuming your number isn't a *current* max, but rather what you used to do. Feel free to override it if you know you can, but in your situation you probably shouldn't be using Stronglifts at all. It is popular because it is simple and has an app, not because it's a good program.
And really, you could easily replace those with other lifts. If you do front squats, incline bench, and trap bar deadlifts, you're going to get big and strong just fine.
&gt; My understanding is that it's a convergent series because if you keep halving the distance Achilles travels, the distance of each step (the term) will approach 0 as the overall series approaches a limit. The error is in the word "because". It is true that the terms approach zero, but this is not why the series converges. After all, the harmonic series (and many others) diverge even though terms approach zero. Terms shrinking to zero is necessary, but not sufficient, for series convergence.
If they're challenging, they will be effective.
This is false. Dietary fat does not make you fat more readily than other nutrients.
Protein breakdown is elevated in a fasted state, yes. It's just a month though, you'll be fine.
&gt;Calories from drinking alcohol gets stored as fat, right? Not really, no. They get prioritized and burned as soon as possible, because alcohol is poisonous. During this time, it's *everything else* that might already be in your digestive system which can get stored as fat. By all means, if you want to drink in moderation, do so. Limited quantities of alcohol aren't going to ruin your health or your gains.
The numbers are nonsense because Stronglifts is a shitty program even for total beginners, and even shittier for people who already have a few months of lifting under their belt.
What program(s) have you been following?
The best for what?
&gt;I get restless waiting for so long. What am I supposed to do during this time? Just sit and wait? This is perhaps the biggest issue I have with ICF. You're supposed to spend that time scraping yourself off the floor. Heavy fives are hard. If you're just sitting around tapping your foot, sure, go ahead and do the next set. &gt;I'm at a fairly small gym with a lot of people. If I wait for 3 minutes other people will definitely use the machine at the same time and I feel like I'm kind of in the way. Working in with someone else is fine. It creates a pretty natural "I go, you go" rhythm that eliminates the need to think about timing your rest periods. &gt;Now this doesn't make sense to me. Shouldn't you add weight only when you feel like you did your sets with breeze the last time? If you add weight EVERY workout you are bound to fail eventually. Couldn't that be kind of bad for your spirit? No. If you only add weight when it feels easy, you'll add weight about twice per year. Your mind plays tricks on you; generally beginners are very bad at gauging their own limits. You will definitely fail *eventually*, but you'll make lots of progress along the way. This is an intended part of the program, and it should not be demoralizing. &gt;Also, my gyms lowest weights weigh 2,5 kg (~5 pounds) so the minimum I can increase the weight with is 5 kg (~10 pounds) while ICF tells you to increase the weight with 5 pounds for each workout. Now this is an actual problem. Incremental weight increases are a core part of ICF. If you don't have the equipment to do them, you can't run the program, so you should pick something else. 5/3/1 For Beginners would be very appropriate.
Hard to say. Eddie Hall pulled an 1100 deadlift. He seems to be fine.
Yes, I agree. All I'm saying is that OP fundamentally asked the wrong question.
Wellbutrin made me gain weight, because it increased my appetite. No thermodynamic magic in sight.
They make good counterexamples to certain claims.
You'll be fine. Training 4 days in a row is a little rough, but you have three full days to recover.
It could be bad data like others have mentioned, but since you're short by just a few grams, it's probably just rounding errors. Nutrition labels generally round macros to the nearest gram and calories to the nearest 10, so they don't always line up exactly like they should.
You're not warmed up enough, and/or you're mentally not in the right place on the first set.
Depends on the student. Sometimes both, sometimes neither. It sounds like you came in with an excessively romantic view of what the job is about. Students are not motivated by *your* sense of wonder. They may be curious and find math cool, but that doesn't mean they're curious about whatever random thing you can pull out of thin air. When you work as a tutor, you will get exciting moments where the student's eyes light up because they understand that taking the slope of a tangent line is the opposite of finding the area under a curve. But you'll also have a lot of "Here's a list of 30 integrals I need to evaluate; it's due tomorrow". Most of learning math is unexciting practice, and as a tutor that's most of your job. It would be fun to just hit the highlights, but that's not how it works. If you decide on minute 1 of day 1 that you're going to do something other than what you were hired for, your employer is right to be upset. In particular, you are a tutor, not a teacher: you don't get to set the curriculum. Source: 5000 hours of experience as a paid tutor.
"Back" isn't a muscle group though. 50 sets total between lats, traps, rear delts, and erectors is not crazy. 50 sets of biceps is crazy. On first reading, my guess was that linked guy was doing the same thing: treating "push" as a single muscle group, so that he's got 40-70 sets total for chest + delts + tris combined, for example. That wouldn't be totally out of line with eg Israetel's volume guidelines.
Finally got to sign up at a gym here in Uzbekistan and got in a workout; W1D1 of "5/3/1 for Hardgainers". This week I'll be going W/Th/F/Sa to get back on schedule, then probably M/W/F/Sa for the rest of the summer. Got 120kgx11 on my top set of squats, followed by 95kgx20 widowmaker set. Widowmakers after AMRAP are the worst. I started the set low bar, and had to rerack and switch to high bar after 10 reps because I just plain couldn't hold it on my back long enough. My conditioning has really deteriorated in the last ~2 weeks, which is frustrating, but conditioning does seem to both develop and decay quickly. I'm used to logging everything I eat and weighing myself every morning, but here I don't have a scale and I'm not preparing the food. But there's so little processed food that appetite alone seems to be a good guide; the gym scale said I was 187 with clothes post-workout, which if anything means I've lost a few pounds.
That depends on what you consider to be a balance between them. It sounds like you are using the word "conditioning" interchangeably with "cardio", but these are [not really the same thing](http://mythicalstrength.blogspot.com/2013/04/cardio-versus-conditioning.html). Rather than ellipticals or the stair stepper, something more like [these ideas](https://www.t-nation.com/training/conditioning-101) might have better carryover to your desired tasks.
Hugging a dumbbell works reasonably well. You can also use a barbell, either [like this](http://main.poliquingroup.com/portals/0/45degreechains.jpg) or [this](http://main.poliquingroup.com/portals/0/45DegreeBarbell.jpg), although these change the movement somewhat. Back extensions are an accessory, and while some people (Pete Rubish) do go heavy with them, usually you're better off focusing on volume rather than weight.
Bulk for sure.
Almost any effective routine will get you that look. Train your back/shoulders and lose body fat, and you will have a taper. Preferably train the rest of your body too, of course.
Well, that depends. Are you in fact "moderately active"? For example, if you do the program 3 days per week and get no other significant physical activity, you're probably "sedentary".
&gt;Unless you're on gear, this isn't scientifically possible. You always gain some portion of fat and muscle if you're increasing in weight. This isn't true. Most people, most of the time, will gain some fat while gaining weight. But that doesn't make it *literally impossible* to put on muscle while losing fat. It is a thing that sometimes happens, when conditions are right. More importantly, OP is relying on "a body composition machine at the gym", which almost certainly has error bars too wide to reliably detect any change at all after only a month.
Then make a post asking "how do I read this routine?" rather than "how do I find a routine at all?"
I'm traveling in a third-world country with limited bandwidth; browsing Reddit is painful enough, and sifting through journal articles is right out. But seriously, this isn't a freakishly rare occurrence. Read almost any study that measures body composition while training; you'll probably find a subject who gained muscle and lost fat. It doesn't occur often in well-trained individuals, usually either beginners or people benefiting from muscle memory - here we've got the first case.
Yes, there really are some muscles that can be thought of as stabilizers. Instability in a new movement isn't usually due to underdeveloped muscles per se though - if it were, you'd need a year to fix the problem.
I'm laughing like a madman at the stories of his ability to regurgitate whole pieces of food for chewing. What the fuck?
I'm not sure I follow what your tiers are trying to do. A counterexample is generally a (dis)proof by itself, so I don't know what it means to put it on the lowest tier. You've also got "iff" and "equivalence" in different tiers, even though these are the same thing... It certainly is not the case that, say, a conditional proof can't use induction. Sometimes induction is the whole proof, but sometimes it's a little piece inside of a larger proof.
Some of the things you're saying are gibberish, and the rest are outright false. It sounds like, right now, you need to spend less time classifying proof techniques, and more time proving things. There are definitely useful ways to categorize proofs, and useful mental templates to have for certain methods, and etc. But your framing is not a productive one.
They are a thing, usually on a punching bag instead of a pullup bar.
The same text I quoted above: &gt;it does bother me that he's denying it and telling everyone it's all natural.
Tim Ferriss is a charlatan. He also gained something like six inches on his waist during his experiment, which is fucking lol for the claim it was mostly muscle.
He did help you: he directed you to a sub where you can ask your question. Many of us frequent both /r/math and /r/learnmath, but it's important to keep topics in the right place.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/wiki/programs You're not going to see progress in a few weeks. Sorry.
Hanging leg raises (or knee raises) would make your abs stronger, and also give you practice flexing them the way you do during pullups.
Where are you measuring? The widest point is generally the top of the leg near the hip, but you're not really getting any of the quad there, so growth won't show. Halfway or 2/3 of the way down the thigh will be a better quad measurement.
Both. Getting stronger will let you do more reps, but if you only ever do low reps, you'll suck at high reps.
&gt;So my intuition said that to spin the space with respect to a new axis generated by a transformation, I can't simply apply the normal rotation matrix, but I would have to modify it with a structure similar to A-1RA because of the change in base. Nope. Applying the original transformation already did that. Matrix multiplication and composition of transformations are the same thing. If you want to rotate around z, and then multiply around x, you do Rx Rz v. If you prefer, you can think of this in function notation Rx(Rz(v)). Try some examples and you will see that this gives the desired behavior.
&gt;If I apply Rx after Rz, doesn't every vector simply spin with respect to the original x axis? No. I think you're confused; there's no change of basis going on at all. We never leave the original basis. When you compose transformations, they're already using whatever axes resulted from the previous transformation. ABA^(-1) is what you use when you want to change into a different basis (A^(-1)), perform a transformation in that basis (B), and then change back to your original basis (A). Here, we're not changing basis at all. We're just applying the transformation directly: rotating around an axis, represented by multiplying on the left. **R**z **v** is a vector, obtained from rotating **v** around the z-axis. If you then want to rotate around the x-axis, you multiply on the left by **R**x, obtaining **R**x **R**z v**. Do some examples and it will become clear that this gives the right result, while anything else does not.
Periodization is generally better than non-periodized training, but I'm not aware of any particular evidence that periodizing training frequency in particular is valuable.
The bar wants to slide down your palm. Rather than let it pull your skin, resulting in excessive callus formation and potential tears, better to just start it where it wants to go. Holding it in your palm isn't a huge mistake or anything. I deadlift that way myself.
Depends on your goals. If you just want bigger legs, there are ways to achieve that without placing large loads across your shoulders. You might find front squats better since you can stay more upright. Unilateral work like lunges or split squats lets you hit the legs hard without high loads. Belt squats avoid loading through the spine at all. It should be pretty straightforward to just sub these in directly for squats in any routine you like. It kinda depends on what exactly your issue is, and will probably involve some trial-and-error.
Training once per week is generally enough to prevent muscle loss. That said, most 5/3/1 templates have you doing SOMETHING for each muscle group on another day, just not necessarily a main lift. Triumvirate has dips on press day, opposite-lift BBB is obvious, etc.
Conditioning work IS the short-term solution. You can dramatically improve your conditioning in a month or less if you push it hard.
That definition requires sigma to be a sentence. Is "sentence" an undefined term, or is there some underlying syntax that determines what actually counts as a sentence at all?
You can do OHP with a staggered stance, some people prefer it. It's not necessarily any easier on the back though.
Yes, there are. Shop around, you'll find them. Alternately: buy shorts or sweats, cut them to the desired length. If desired, hem them to prevent fraying.
"Number of exercises in one workout" is not a meaningful measure of volume. The guy who does 6 sets of straight-bar curls three times per week is probably going to have bigger arms than the guy who does two sets each of three kinds of curls once per week.
You should ask your friend. If it's anything that doesn't involve "eat right and work hard consistently for multiple years", it probably doesn't work.
Rather than trying to tense up while the weight is moving, try pausing and squeezing at the top of each rep. You'll probably feel the difference quickly.
What, you didn't hear about Dave Tate's plastic surgery? (Links should be fixed now.)
Can't be calculated from the info given. Weigh a scoop of the mixture and use proportions.
&gt;It could also be because they take way too much protein everyday. No, it could not. The recommended levels are *minimums*, not maximums; extra protein beyond that just gets burned for energy and otherwise has no particular effect. People become disproportionate because their training is disproportionate. But that doesn't happen just by continuing to train in an ordinary balanced way. It's not a positive feedback loop where being good at OHP makes you even better at OHP. In fact, it's exactly the opposite of that: you get a *negative* feedback loop, because diminishing returns exist.
Right, at least. There's no recommended maximum, just a range of recommended minimums.
Still in Uzbekistan, partway through week 2 of "531 for Hardgainers". After snags last week and finding out the hard way that gyms here close on weekends, I think I've got a schedule that actually works. Today was squats, with widowmakers at 100kg; went high-bar and made it through the set without reracking. 1.5 hours later, I've almost finished catching my breath. Real talk: I'm having a rough time here in terms of mental health. I'm a creature of habit, and that's obviously gone out the window, plus a recent breakup, and it probably doesn't help that we avoid direct sunlight because it's so hot here. I'm getting some depression symptoms that I haven't had in five years. Going to be real diligent about getting some sunlight and keeping a consistent sleep pattern. Wish me luck.
A large arch is a technique that allows you to move more weight. If you want to win a competition, that's great, but it doesn't necessarily make your training more effective. You can arch on incline as much as you want, but a large arch isn't necessarily better than a small one. You'll pretty much just end up using more weight to achieve the same level of difficulty.
That's not a recommended plan. His recommendations are just the beef and eggs. The meal plan is an example from a high school athlete. If you aren't a teenage football player lifting alongside sport training, you probably shouldn't use that meal plan.
I'm here until mid-August for a student research program, with 8 other students. My mentor immigrated from Uzbekistan 30 years ago, and has long wanted to set up such a program. We're studying Leibniz algebras. It's fun stuff, especially since we're pretty much working directly with the experts on the topic - all the names on the references are the same names as the lecturers... The gym itself is, if anything, the part of this trip that feels most like home. It's a small place, and not amazingly well equipped, but it's got barbells and dumbbells and a rack and AC, plenty usable. At this point, I think I've become the weird foreign guy who grunts a lot and sweats a lot, which I can live with. I miss chalk though.
You absolutely can just run another 12-week block of PHAT if you want. However, rather than leaving everything exactly the same, the end of a block is a good time to step back and evaluate what worked, what didn't, what you want to address, etc. It's a good time to make tweaks. Depending on your goals, it may also be appropriate to move to a different kind of program. You probably shouldn't use PHAT to get ready for a powerlifting meet, for example.
If you want something Building-The-Monolith-ish with 4 days of lifting per week, consider [this template](https://www.t-nation.com/training/5-3-1-for-hardgainers). I'm running it right now, and the widowmaker squats will definitely make you ~~wish for death~~ stronger.
If you can only maintain good technique with light weight, it's because your technique is poor and you need to work on it. Reducing weight for technique is a short-term fix at best. The long-term fix is to actually learn how to do the lifts, so that you don't fall apart when the weight gets heavy.
You seem to be assuming there is only one correct way to push dumbbells away from you, which is false. Tuck or flare to the degree that is comfortable to you and achieves the results you want. Usually that will be somewhere around 45 degrees, but it depends.
If you're mapping between spaces of the same dimension, the two are equivalent, which is maybe why you're confused. So instead, consider mapping mapping R^(3) into R^(2) by sending &lt;x,y,z&gt; to &lt;x,y&gt;. This is onto, but not 1-1 since for example &lt;0,0,0&gt; and &lt;0,0,1&gt; both map to &lt;0,0&gt;. Conversely, mapping &lt;x,y&gt; to &lt;x,y,0&gt; is 1-1 but not onto.
"Testosterone booster" supplements are worthless.
For one, you're comparing Phrak's variant of the program, which is very minimalist. GSLP as laid out in the book generally has a lot more volume. It's also less squat-centric, and the AMRAP set gives some autoregulation and makes the deload protocol actually useful.
You shouldn't pick just one at all. You run a template for 2 cycles, then move on to something else; this is how 5/3/1 works. A good rotation would be something conditioning-focused like a prowler challenge, followed by a higher-volume template like BBB or BTM, followed by something that pushes the main work like 3/5/1. You will develop both strength and size, you just can't make both the #1 priority at the same time.
In addition to what he said, if you're barely hitting minimum reps on your top set of the day, your training max is too high. Rather than backing up just two cycles, consider taking it lower so that you can get at least 5 reps on the 1+ week. That would give you more head room to progress.
Odds are that you look like someone who runs a couple times per week, yes?
They're named in the obvious way. Marathoners, swimmers, bodybuilders, boxers, climbers, etc.
Right. What I'm saying is that, if you want to look a certain way, Step 1 is to figure out what people who look like that do, and then do that. If you want to look like somebody who can run a 5-minute mile, and you run a 12-minute mile, then anything other than "get better at running" is probably overthinking it. If you are as accomplished as the people you want to look like and you still feel like you look different, then maybe start thinking about more specific strategies. But generally, if you want to look like you do X, actually doing X is the right place to start.
