Because people want to complain about graphics like it's not expensive to do, and they want a "Next Gen" game.
I love Proko... I just don't want to pay for his premium lessons without knowing the quality... Kinda like Gnomon Workshop. Sure, they are amazing artist, but most of them are crap as teachers. They really just sell videos of them just doing, rather than them teaching.
It's a CRPG... not really an RPG. These games are usually designed where your character creation choices won't matter. But... I am curious. Why would you think that you'd be treated special for a Death Godlike Monk? It is still a Kith, which means that it's one of the known races that are human. And hell... the entire game is set in a time of magic, soul stealing storms, has it's own dragon graveyard, elves, and where everyone knows the term "Fifty Shades of Hell". Not because of a book. But because any type of shadow in a large group is just a party murderer. You would think that they would just shrug if they see a Baalgur demon fighting four adventurers in their fountain butt naked... much less of concern a Death Godlike. [Even this is a common sight to peasants](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/bd/21/86/bd218611ffa5687dc784325e7af68d43.jpg) [and this more so...](http://i.imgur.com/DDqayEs.gif)
Mmm... if it wasn't for the fact that Unity does a damn good job in the mobile market, I don't think Unity would be a developers first choice when compared to much better engines.
Don't forget living skeletons and Kobol-I mean Xauntrips.
Getting past the DR can go a long ways... I think the dragons have low resistance to Piercing (Drakes did anyways... and there's hardly a difference between the two). So getting pikes, spears, and stilettos may help you a lot. Don't bother with rifles. But pistols, crossbows (both with reload perks), and bows can also help. Blunderbuss works great if you can put down raw damage. Other wise arcabus. But this game can actually be incredibly unfair in certain fights. And so far... there's only two fights I know of in this game where there is an alternative way to handle it. Certain people who found that cheesing it one way will not work for everyone. Stock up on Endurance Potions, and Endurance Regeneration potions. use Endurance regeneration potions when the dragon begins to focus on one of your characters. Use Endurance Potions when your HP is low. And use them EARLY. Don't use it at the last second. It might not look it, but the passive auras really stack up as you add them on, and they are pretty much always active. There's not a lot of spells that I know of for the wizard that will do any good against a dragon. I found that bosses stats are usually high enough where you run the risk of missing a hard CC pretty often. Some fights are literally just a DPS race. One thing that I learned in the first ten minutes of the game, is that compared to DnD, this game's weapon system is pretty damned tactical. Smaller and simpler weapons deal more damage over time than larger weapons. But larger weapons deal more damage over time to heavily armored opponents. So... if you got a rogue with dual daggers.... you'll want to see if he can backstab with a Pike, or better yet, get in close with the Arcabus, or the wheeled Crossbow. The higher damage will punch past the DR. And the 2m Backstab range will give you +150% damage. If you still have that stronghold's wand, and you got it pretty leveled, it's pretty damn good at saving your ass. The domination spell will affect just about anything. But it runs down pretty quickly. If you see it proc, use that moment of respite to position yourself and get some spells or traps set up. Positioning also means a lot too...
I'm a newer player, and let me tell you this. The "L2P" crap is more annoying than you think. Especially when someone is playing this game blind on their first play through with Expert Mode on. And then learning that this game has made some wonky decisions to how combat works. Especially when you don't have the same luxeries as everyone else did. [Linky](http://i.imgur.com/wqUIkt5.jpg) Not saying that his team comp isn't garbage. But even with a good team comp, this game tends to skull f*ck you with overwhelming numbers featuring leveled mobs with stellar deflection and DR. Like a fight with 24 skeletons all at once at level 6. And you can't swap your weapons on the fly... nor do you have access to stash when ever.
Yeah I have second wind, but the delays on it means that it needs to be popped early. And yeah, it's literally only the overwhelming crap that's giving me problems. 50 shades of hell (a f*ck ton of shadows). The Bone train (F*ck ton of skeletons). Raedrics horrible 9(sic). A large mess of spiders (even the little guys are packing heat). The whole pulling a few at a time does not work. Apparently the way this game i set up is that if a member of a squad gets pulled, they all get pulled.
&gt;&gt;i never walk into a room that isnt cleared, 1 scout to check for traps and get a rough mob count/type. Preaching to someone who already knows that. :P long time DnD and CRPG player. Also while I don't mind having two wizards... given the way that a good deal of magic in this game behaves, and the lack of a decent number of spell casts... that just seems utterly pointless to me, and I'm ok with having just one. A lot of the times I actually use him to cast spells are just situational. If you are running off to go rest after every major rough fight, that seems like a very inefficient way to do things.
You can get away with average might. The way it works is that every point above 10 gets +3% damage AND healing modifiers. Every point below 10 reduces it by -3%. A high might will help tremendously, and mostly with the larger weapons where the difference can be seen a bit better. If you choose to go low might, it'll probably help to keep a weapon with more throughput and DR reduction. But it wouldn't stop you from using war hammers for trying to punch through shit with absurd DRs. A High Intellect is a bit over kill on a paladin unfortunately. Intellect affects Magic AOEs. However, because a pally is most likely to stay near it's allies, it does not need to be all that high. Perception is ALWAYS helpful. High Accuracy can potentially offset low damage. But for how low might can go... I'd say that I wouldn't drop any lower than -9% which is a might of 7. You'll need to play against the enemies DRs though. It's a shame this game doesn't take into concideration the murder stroke with swords.... or the fact that a Dagger is good for both slashing and piercing.
It's not anti-tank. A tank's job is usually to wall off, CC, debuff, and buff. People seem to miss that point a lot. Though I can see why when a lot of "scrublords" play tanks in games like LoL, Heroes of the Storm, and DOTA 2. If a tank aint annoying, then just ignore them says every experienced PvP/PvE player. I've actually gotten better with dealing with a mess of spooks. I just start having my wizard light my own team on fire. Does it knock out my own team!? You bet. Does it kill the spooks? You bet. Is my entire team equiped with fire weapons just for this reason? YOU BET! But the rogue always gets out alive. If it's not for relfex, it's because rogues do it from behind.
That's not the only thing :P The Sanitarium's patients, the ones who attacked you, have freakin daggers. FRICKEN DAGGERS. It's one thing if they killed the guards, then rushed you... it's another that the moment they get out of the cells right in front of you, they got daggers.
Problem with that is if you have a debt that massive, you're going to be executed or sold into slavery. If it was a lord, his family would have been annihilated immediately for that.
NONSENSE! I have no professional experience!
NONSENSE! I have no professional experience!
Well.... I guess the monk gave him an enlightening experience.
As decent of writers Obsidian is... I think they seriously need to learn how to get a gauge on relative prices and buying powers. And another thing... I sometimes wander if they know what a METER is. 2m tells me that it's about a full sized man laying on the ground. With his feet being the center of the circle. Basically melee range This game makes it far wider than that...
But I loved that about baulders gate. Plus Baulder's Gate was a near direct play on DnD 2.0. Icewind Dale did the same, and was based on 3.0 I think. But Balder's gate also knew what a fair fight was. There were very few moments that it spammed enemies at you, and when it did they weren't all that powerful, you needed to make use of CCs and weapon switching, and the fights were still challenging.
They aren't made for beginners. But they easily translate to any platform. The only thing I'm not sure of is the graphics. Not because of hardware, but because it will drain the crap out of battery life.
You can cheap out on the models to increase performance. Meaning that the backs do not need polies. This might not seem like much but it adds up. When you do a 3d platformer do not have a boring camera. This will make or break you. Take a look at Mario 3D, and little big planet. The camera changes for the levels need.
Not quite. Screen Space is the space of the image's area. This means that if your screen resolution is 500, by 500, that means your minima is (0,0) and maxima is (500,500). If your resolution is only 1920, 1080... and you draw a square at 500, 500 in screen space it will appear at 500, 500. If you do this in world, then you'd have to draw in view space for that kind of accuracy. Usually, what most games will do for that level of accuracy is that they will use a second camera to render the UI in orthographic projection to not deal with the complexities. Local space, is the coordinate axial space in relations to the Object in question, not exactly the camera's view direction. Example, your right vs my right. View space removes the negative numbers from depth. Zero starts at the position of the eye, and 1 goes all the way out to it's far clipping plane. The view space coordinates are best described as 2D with depth. Because you technically do not have three axis of rotation anymore.
Then give them a shiv or stilleto! Not a dagger.
I'm not overcomplicating anything yet because I explicitly stated data structure. Not file loading. As in how the game can adjust preexisting save files to store more data for things that already exists. Think of how Bethesda's save file works for mods. Not the actual plugin. But the players gamesave. Loading and overwriting files in memory is not the hard part.
Ah... there's your problem. You have a CAD card, which is primarily optimized for handling OpenGL, and more specifically in wire frame in the past. Not so sure about now. Though Nvidia's ScinX seems to show otherwise. It can handle DirectX but not as well as a dedicated gaming GPU. You might need to look at some of the nvidia's API's to see if there's a way to enhance it's performance. There's also the problem that DirectX 11 is not natively supported on the hardware, which resorts to the software emulation. Compiling it down to 10, or 10.X may help you. A side note, don't be too discouraged if frame rates are not high on that thing. The professional GPUs can do some things far better than a normal GPU. Which makes them great for use in Autodesk's tools.
Issue remains the same buddy. Already thought about it WELL ahead of time. It's not a file format that's the problem. It's dynamically ADJUSTING the game data at run time when it's in the memory.
&gt; a total clusterfuck under the hood with a single table having every disparate data Last I've used it, it does it's job pretty well. It's terrible to try and read... but it does what it needs to, and it see's to it's target audience pretty well I guess.
The other reason for data locality is that serialization in C++ becomes significantly easier when you do not need to patch pointers for allocations on the heap. It just becomes a matter of recording pointer offsets, and what ever data structure you are using can do the math at run time to find it's missing data. This method of loading and saving is actually incredibly fast. It's also pretty good for sending data over a network or a local TCP connection. I'm doing that for my graphical debugger.
To be fair, your ideas could actually be good even if someone else had it. Or if a game company rejects it. Watch Jim Sterlings video about Executives being idiots. Battlefield one almost got axed because executives swore with no basis no one would like it.
Some schools have a game programming program that gives you a certificate when you complete it. Are you getting a BS? Or a MS? The link provided is for MS. I'll take at some possibilities that may help you.
I actually made a custom but curde automation program for my own project. I use a custom binary blob for archiving data, and some meta data for the editor. The program only works by command prompt, but it can quickly compress and put all my resources into seperate files based on what they are, as well as generate meta data for the art assets.
Well it looks like ONE COMPANY has the right idea about hiring practices. I mean jesus christ I can't get a job because companies want professional experience and shipped games for an entry level job. Crap like that creates a catch 22 hell.
A few side projects. Examples of being able to produce professional looking Software Design Documents. A well used Engineering book chocked full with thoughts on solving specific problems. Including diagrams. Engineering-based problem solving skills. And a drive to learn. I don't ever make it to the interview phase. I always get that ridiculously annoying and very generic "We're sorry but you were not selected for the job" message MONTHs after applying and hoping. Even submitting just as soon as that job post goes up. I'm telling you man, I'm stuck in a Catch 22 hell that's a growing black hole with no escape.
Light propagation volume.
There is a bias against engineering notebooks and SDDs? ;-;
Looking at a few test cases... It's actually efficient even when you use the same number of threads. It also appears that it's pretty damn good about memory usage.
Cool... Where is source 2.
It's not exactly nonsense if you've benchmarked it yourself.
You need to be really careful about those emails. Usually it's best if you make it known ahead of time on how to get keys for reviews and giveaways, as they do help promote your game. Such as that they need to verify that they are a notable reviewer, they exceede X-number of views on youtube, twitch, or what ever. And that the key will be sent by message to their media account. Not the email address. And for the love of god, check their videos for verification. Reviewers and Let's player's are critical to your sale potential, but you can easily f*ck yourself if you get lazy and don't check everything. In fact, it's generally best if you approach them. Not the other way around.
Let me start by this... HOLY WHAT THE FUCK! D:? Alright... I don't understand this developer's thing. He's trying to enforce a legal notice about his game having [legal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V72tp2VHsHs) protection, and anything that uses the term Farcraft must refer to the "real" farcraft. This is fine and dandy... but I don't think the developer realizes that trade marking a product is NOT absolute. In fact, it does not legally matter if his game had got the legal entitlement, if something existed with the term and name before it, it will always get beaten out. This could easily lead to the trade mark being voided as long as someone can combat and prove that their's existed first. This could even mean that Notch could just shit on him for having a title similar to Minecraft. This happened with Elder Scrolls and Scrolls. There was even an incident between two competing companies for the design of a laptop's battery and power supply unit. One company held the patent with similar designs, and another wanted to use this design. One of the engineers proved to court through an engineering notebook that had been legally signed by a local bank and noteried with a stamp and date that they had came up with the idea first. The court ruling ruled in favor of the engineer with the notebook. This includes any minecraft maps, titles, or names that uses Farcraft. Along with the any word in the english dictionary. This is why we can safely say doom without needing to constantly refer to the IP DOOM. It is also up to the holder of the trade mark to actually hold legal action, and pay for the expenses. Given by his behavior... it's not a threat. If you're school has ever forced you to take an engineering practices class, Patent, and trademarks are one of the first thing's you're taught. And are even given methods to defend, void, and fight against the legal system. Now being completely honest here... I can actually respect him as a developer But not a business man, and increasingly less as an intellectual or person. He has made a product that is in better shape than several other companies I have seen. Most notably the creators of Slaughtering Grounds. But it's literally a copy and paste of the mechanics and graphical appeal. The only thing he can LEGALLY fight about in this is the name Farcraft... and that is still pretty much up in the air. Still... it concerns me to see indie developers reaching this level of insanity and bigotry that they are more concerned about making money or bullying... than actually making a quality product that people would probably like to buy.
That's... the thing. You're not going to get investors like this, and publishing studio's may end up being scared away by this public claim with no real evidence to the backing... and the stranglehold you've placed on a Trademark that's honestly capable of being voided fairly easily by any company that cares enough. You're free to take my advice with a grain of salt... but this is only a recommendation. And a serious one at that. First: Back off on your claims and behavior. You're generating publicity, sure. But it's not good. In your "1 Billion" dollar product's current state, investors will not be interested. And trying to legally enforce entitlement to your product is making this worse. It's only a matter of time before your name becomes tarnished from your behavior. Once you get to that point, there's no recovery for you. Even if your idea may actually sell for millions, it'll be impossible to find someone willing to invest when you've hit rock bottom. Especially when you have no tangible evidence of success. Second: Your product is currently not in a good state to be making these claims. In the public eye, this game will look like a blatant and unfinished rip off of minecraft. To people whom might not have heard of it, or your targeted audience... the game it's self looks terribly unfinished and more like a concept in design, then something meant to be a product. You have ok looking screenshots, but the art direction you're going for looks horrendous, and the items floating around look more like clutter than well thought out creations. If you got a group of people saying "what the hell am I looking at" then you've got a problem that needs to be fixed immediately. Remove it for now, and work on it some more. By the time it's a completely different game, it should be safe to put it back up again and see how it's accepted. Third: Find a different name. Farcraft sounds more like a mod of minecraft, and as I mentioned before, the trademark can be easily voided by anyone who understands how the legal system approachs IPs, Patents, Copyrights, and Trademarks. Your biggest threat will likely be Microsoft, if they cared enough. And when they do, there's not much you can do to protect yourself. This will fuck you over more than you know. Fourth: When you fix the first two problems I've mentioned, approach a publishing studio. Those are going to be your primary investors. A tripple A studio will not be immediately interested in investing in your product. And if they are, it's for claims of the IP rights.
Take a look at the compression algorithms when you can. As long as you choose your colors carefully, the art program you're using can do a damned good job at compressing things without destroying quality.
Honestly they could all work. The problem is how well put together the two genre mechanics are. Be-Jewled + Street Fighter = Puzzle Fighter, and the damned game was fun as hell.
... Are you a programmer for no man's sky?
It's honestly not that hard to break out of the "Same shit different day" thing. Just bring something new or different to the table. Sometimes it takes a stupid idea to get big. If you are indie, your ambition and goal is to provide a unique experience. If you are tripple A then your goal is your paycheck.
Well I have seven ideas, but I'm reserving them for my own project :P. Just think of a way to do it different.
You don't. Thievery is the hardest skill in this game to train, and I've eventually figured it out. Don't pick pocket until you get at least to 30, otherwise it's not worth your time. Just steal low valued items, or steal from new players. The new players will have a hard time trying to catch a low level thief, but you'll be able to clear out their coin purse stupidly fast. You will eventually get to a point where the punishment doesn't matter too much. The fines will be fairly cheap. And you will get to a skill where you get caught less. And trust me that can be really annoying when you're trying to get into one of the other thief guilds.... I spent half an hour trying to get caught and arrested. Then had to pay a fine by walking all the way down to the bank butt-naked, and going back to the court room. And while I personally hate the idea that a thief is allowed to steal and completely clean out another thief in the same guild, you can do that as well. Chances are if they are having problems, you can stab them in the back. But it's not a good way to get a reputation with other players.
I don't plan on allocating the arrays till they are needed. I was going to implement it like a chained hash table to resolve collision conflicts. The pointers would remain unallocated until populated. So each bucket would only have an overhead of 4 bytes on a 32bit or 8 bytes on a 64bit. Larger objects run into a problem where they will be located in multiple hash spaces. There is also the corner and edge case. Though the biggest problem I can see here comes from constant allocating and deallocating. I could use a special allocator to solve the speed problem though.
Actually, your idea might be far better than mine. I'd have to manually test to see how far away the hashing would be to avoid a linear search across the whole map.
There isn't a tutorial or anything like that when it comes to a large majority of these topics. Usually the programmer will need to make some serious use of their problem solving skills to design this. The easiest way to do this is to plan ahead of time, and design how the documents all come together
Actually, it seems that other hash implementations seems to rely on the use of the chain style should an insertion happen with an already used bucket and the performance of insertion and retrival is fine. So... what if I ask a different question on the matter. What if I used a sparse approach? Allocate only what I need when I need it. Mind you that there will be an allocated space of memory to speed up it's allocations. But buckets are only created when they are needed. They are allocated to a dynamically sizing pool array, and will get reused. class SpatialHashBucket { private: int ID; int Grid_Stored_Ids; int *Grid_ID_Index; //Populated after the insertion phase, stores an index to other grids. int *buffer public: ... } And each bucket simply stores a few extra bits of data. The implementation is BigO(N) all around, but I have been proven that being incredibly fast still, and still faster than bouncing around on too many pointers. With all allocations happening on a buffer of pre-slotted memory the framerates won't dip too much. I can always try to use another map library... but I don't know any beyond STL that allows for multiple items to have the same collision. Nor do I know any that allows a custom hash function.
I can't really call any game engine a beginner's friendly engine if it offers you the source.
Sword of Mana. You didn't have the ability to block or dodge, so if you went full on aggressive you were gonna have a bad time in that RPG. You also needed to understand how all the weapons worked, and which ones you need to use in order to succeed. Realm of the Mad King, a rogue like where lasting for long is a chore.
Literally the entire time
There really shouldn't be a debate to begin with. There's difficulty for all the right reasons, and difficulties for all the wrong reasons. Normally the difficulty setting is artificial, and is rarely ever a test of player skill, but how he can cheese it.
&gt; developers I follow. I'm not sure where you'd class this, closed alpha or before or after that point, but they have a lot of nice things to show, and my game has about that much nice things to show. &gt; My main worry is because the few people I have shown like actually shown the game p There comes a point when you need to learn to tone them out. If there are UI suggestions, you should probably really consider them, but if it's anything about gameplay - then take it with a grain of salt, unless it's really important.
Yep. Always bring in a dev blog. If it's for a game, start a new one and blog as you dev for that game. This brings in a lot more attention than anyone probably expects. Mostly people that are interested in the game. People who happen to hear about it, and want to know how quickly it's progressing. People looking for something new. And then the people who think they know about game programming, but really don't (talking about players on this note...) It also offers a refreshing tastes when the user knows exactly what to expect from the game, rather than being forced fed a fistful of lies with fallacious and fictitious statements following them. *cough cough* Ubisoft *cough cough*
Nah. It's the game. I rarely ever put my troops near open flames because of the game's mechanics get kinda wonky with how the enviorment falls apart. There will even be buildings or cars exploding for absolutely no reason. But enemies missing tends to strike the enviorment for me and sets shit on fire.
You're probably using it as if it was something like SFML, which it is not. On it's own, BGFX is just an abstraction layer among a crap load of different APIs, and it has a very similar API to all of them. If you want to use it efficiently, it helps to know how to work with OpenGL and Directx before you start using BGFX.
Full Sail probably wouldn't be worth it. I heard mostly bad views on it... but then again... it could be from people who didn't expect to work. In all honesty, Digipen would probably be your best bet if you seriously want to go for the game design thing. But a general CS degree would probably be better, as it gives you a wider range of skill sets. Which you can then improve on while you work on a demo. I'm not preaching anything though. I'm a Computer Science student at University of North Texas. The Computer science program here is really good. But so far, nothing compared to some of the Digipen stuff I have seen. Then again, it may be because the class list is more saturated, so finding the classes with similar content would be harder.
You're really confusing me on that second paragraph. Could you explain this a bit? But the game is a Top down RPG, akin to Fallout 1 and 2, and Wasteland 2. Where roaming the world is basically point and click, and combat happens on a tiled grid.
Made an Edit to the OP.
Well I'm jelly man. But I'll probably try pursuing a masters from them.
Interesting, definitely will keep that in mind.
There will be some real time movement, but not of a hundred characters with influence over the map. Combat happens only in RPG style.
I agree here. The only difference is that in XCOM 1 the enemy knew ALL of your troops positions no matter what. And XCOM 2 gave the player more power with grenades, and the ability to elude the aliens by moving soldier's out of sight, and having them come back around on the rear.
Actually, I just now thought about this. I don't need actually need to use volume textures. I just need to send information to the GPU about sections of the enviorment viewed from the that needs to be covered in a quake fog. If the pixels keep track of their world spaces, then the GPU can just render the fog as a post procesing effect based on the Z-buffer. Or base it on a crude version of exponential height, or raymarching. The problem would be that if we take the stupid route and send every cube in the screen, that'd leave the GPU with a crap ton of boxes to check against per pixel. It'd mean that I'd need to do one of two things. Run some sort of acceleration structure, that'd combine large sections of cubes together for their effects. It'd fall apart if the player some how finds away to some how mix a bunch of uncovered and covered tiles together. Or have the CPU combine as many blocks together into either cubes or rectangular prism that are as large as possible... but this is NP hard in 3d space. The other, and possibly simpler option is to simply test against chunks. Which is what my tiled world is built of. 16x16xN chunks. If the dimensions are known, then we can just throw away a lot of tests by simply testing the verticies twice in a broad search. First to see if it's in chunk with fog of war. Then to see if it's in a division of the chunk. Then to coarse check it.
I'd probably try using Vertex colors then... and see how well that works out for me. If the colors are interpolated across the faces, then it's just a probabilit distribution.
Alright, for all those who were looking for a solution to this problem. I think I have it figured out now. And it was a lot simpler than I thought. In fact... I think I might just go turn in my programmer card after this. We will start with a single floor for now. Assuming that you have a 3D world, you will actually only need a 2D Fog of War texture map. This map will be projected downwards from the Y coordinates of the world. The result is a really misshaped looking fog of war texture that overlaps your geometry. This is good... because this is where the second phase comes into play. The second part to XCOM's fog of war looks like a standard exponential height fog. It's just really thick. But the effect is powerful enough to obscure, while at the same time providing vague hints for whats ahead of you. The way that the height fog works is that it grabs the world space Y coordinate of each pixel, to draw it's fog. This is find and dandy, and really doesn't need any modifications. The magic comes from using this projected fog of war texture as a stencil. And this will actually stop the fog from rendering in any visible areas. There will be some graphical errors of course, as it's a screen space shader, not a volume. But it's more of a feature than an error for CRPGs. To handle multiple floors. It's a matter of using smaller textures, limiting all relieving projected objects, and compositing it to the stencil layer. I hope this helps!
It honestly doesn't need it. Unless you are doing really large scenes of course. But in my time of using it, I just used it to create pieces of a world, and put them together in my own editor.
For my current project, we're basing it heavily off of DnD, only it's the sort of campaign you have when the seriousness is at an all time low. There's a type of mage based on the wild mage, we called the "Entropy Savant". When chaos is a bitch, she turns everyone on the battlefield into cats permanently. The player would need to find a way to counteract the spell.
It's the entire game actually, but that same mechanic also balances its self out, as eveything has a consequence. Right now, most walls and doors can be destroyed. But if you go about destroying any wall, you could risk a cave in,or the law.
Seeing as the answer is already said by someone else... if you are trying to ship your GLSL shaders, but want to save space try compiling into SPIR-V if the version of OpenGL you are using supports it. It's an intermediate format, and it's a little stricter on compilation. Some language features aren't supported like subroutines. But it shouldn't be a hindrance.
It's more useful if Directx had SPIR-V support. But a lost benefit of it is that it's an intermediate language. Which means that you could create your own shader language to support two different APIs. Anyways, that saved space becomes greater when you're doing more than a couple dozen shaders. If you're doing a large game, it's not uncommon to have over 300 shaders.
Yuuup. Creating and destroying buffers for every object to render. Some small adjustment was already a massive improvement.
Doing a deferred renderer. I figure having a separate buffer for particles won't be all that costly, given that a majority of the time the particles are alpha blended. A ring buffer with a bit of space between the last batch should be enough to prevent it from over running the last batch.
How does that simply shader code exactly? O.o; It seems pretty simple to me the way it is. But thanks, I didn't think about using a really large buffer. I take it you mark it with the STREAM flag?
Like I said XD, a quick and dirty prototype to get it working with what I currently have. I had swapped over completely from Directx 11. The only OpenGL I had actually learned was 1.1... When you're working with a tiled based 3D world, where the terrain is actually tiles of geometry similar to Dota 2 Reborn (Only supporting 10km of that mess... with 110 layers of height, performance hits the bucket with stupidity.
The term you want to look up is called linear interpolation for moving a sprite across the boundry of tiles without em teleporting. And if you want that smooth fade in and out effect on the blinking cursor, that's your best bet.
The problem that comes with making games that THEY want to play, is that you'll usually run into a lot of copy and paste games, or games that are just open worlds with no content. They want to play the next Farcry 4, Assassins's Creed, Battlefield, what ever is similar enough to these big time games, and is basically safe. I want to play the next dungeon's and dragon styled game with a twist on the setting and the story, complete with both stylized and risky decisions.
No. It's a pretty good idea to learn it. If you are completely new to graphics programming, starting with immediate mode is a good way to learn how the graphics pipe line works without introducing too many complicated subjects.
MY MAN! That's what we needed :D Though I am curious, how are you doing the WJPS anyways? Logically, the jump point algorithm should generate the same path as A*. What could be happening is that the heuristic the JPS is using is incorrect.
Mmmm... I'm thinking about a possible solution to this... but now that I think about it. I don't think that JPS is actually capable of handling weighted segments well. Actually I take that back. It probably can under a more realistic scenario. In most cases, the cost of running through certain pieces of terrain only changes at choke points. In the concept of the real world. Someone would walk up a hill in the wilderness without much thought because it's a shorter route... even if it's not the easiest. If given the option of climbing a ladder, or taking the stairs... most people would probably just take the stairs. The ladder being incredibly inconvenient because it breaks the motion of walking. When you think about that in the sense of data. MOST walkable areas would likely be just a 1. The areas where you start seeing costs change, are doors, hazardous terrain (which are normally blobs o equal danger...), ladders, anything that could break a mind numbing flow of "walking". If you run the WJPS in a senario like that, you'd likely end up with more plausible results.
The problem is that unlike combat, dialogue is not chaotic. Dialogue is like a dance of symbols and meanings. For a meaning to actually be significant behind a symbol, it must have a context, and then a proper response must be made. And like a dance, a good chunk of it is predetermined. If you walk up to a blacksmith, he'd look to you and say "What can I do for yah, stranger?" You would not say to this man, "APPLES ARKENSAW JOHNY WHSHNAH" You'd probably get your head cut off for speaking in tongues. You would say, like many people before you, "I'd like an iron dagger and a ten foot pole."
To be fair... the HTC Vive is just a better product to me. It doesn't have that weird jitter problem the rift has. And it was made with an outstanding quality. Plus it comes with the whole kit.
I should probably read that all the way through. To be honest, I actually stopped reading it when I first saw &gt; We implement our approach as NV_PATH_RENDERING in OpenGL Which made me a bit frustrated, as Nvidia tends to use the dog out of Nvidia only extensions and API.
Thanks for the find, I feel like an idiot for pushing this to the side when I found it initially! On a side note. Would it be reasonable to create the geometry per frame on the GPU. or would it be better to generate the geometry once on the CPU, and keep a buffer of it until the geometry changes for some reason.
Thanks
He does have a point though, you could consider rolling your own flash interpretor. Doom 3 BFG actually did this for their GUI, and it works pretty well. You can find their source code on ID's github. It's fairly basic, but it's a start, and it's REALLY easy to read. I'm currently trying my hand at this myself. And I'm thinking about taking the action script code to the route that Second Life did with their LSL. That is instead of rewriting their interpreter, they rewrote their compiler to compile LSL into Mono Bytecode. LSL ran slow as crap, but it was still faster than ActionScript. Moving it to Mono actually spead them up dramatically, and it wasn't a sells pitch either. After the change, all content developers noticed the speed up and immediately took advantage of it. However it'd mean making a new compiler. I think Adobe has a Action Script Virtual machine on their github that may or may not have a compiler. You can also use SWFTools as inspiration. Keyword inspirtation. They use the GPL license, which might force your code's source to be revealed. If I make any real headway with my project, I'll consider going open source with a liberal license. I'm a full time student nearing graduation however, so that might be a long time coming thing. Even then, it will be focused on OpenGL and Vulkan only. Not Directx.
It'd be more extreme to write the entire interpreter from scratch. And you don't actually need to completely write an entire compiler from scratch. You should technically be able to just simply write a lexer that will build an abstract syntax tree for you, and reuse the Mono compiler to build the bytecode. It should not be too hard as Action Script's design is actually similar enough to C#. Keep in mind that you're also taking advantage of years of code optimization built into the thing when you get your bytecode. Also, I am not sure where you got the HTML thing... but sure, you could do that if you want.
STAHP! I'M TRYING TO GET YOU OUT! Alright what ever, you clearly don't want my help! :/
FASTER THAN A SPEEDING BULLET TRAIN!
Use one big VBO buffer, and a custom allocator class to help you allocate and deallocate things to it. THere's a huge cost to creating a buffer, and a cost to binding and unbinding buffers. The fewer times you create, destroy, bind, and unbind buffers the better.
Just store a 1D array of your chunks. Let each chunk carry adjacency information. This adjacency matrix will be either an index to the array, or an ID to use to look up in the array.
No, I read this. But I think you're over complicating this. **What overhead do you see in this, exactly?** A 2D array is basically a 1D array in memory, and the compiler will automatically put in such an equation. If you try using the equation, on a 1D array, you are paying the same cost for a 2D array. If you're storing information about where each chunk is in a 1D array so you can run this equation, you're simply paying for MORE overhead than you would if you were to just allow your chunks to be freely floating around in this array out of order, and accessing immediately by Random Access via Array Index. But the reason you'd use a 1D array to store your data instead of a 2D array is not for speed. But to avoid paying the additional cost of unused sectors. If you create a world, open or not, and you have 50x50 chunks. You have 2500 chunks. A good amount of them will most likely be unused. KISS (Keep it Simple Stupid) is not there because some eggheads came up with it and thinks its how it should be done, like english is with poetry. It's there to protect you from making idiotic decisions that is more harmful than it is useful.
Flyingjam is probably the most honest answer you can get. Out of all the positions that goes into gamedev... Script Writers will have the BIGGEST catch 22 you will ever see. You need to make a name for yourself to get selected more often and justify your cost. However, you need to get the job to make a name for yourself. And because you are in such low demand. It's much harder. My guess is... the best way to approach this at all, is to make a game yourself that goes viral. And I don't mean completely graphical. Think of a flash text adventure. If you can write a game that gets popular enough, you'll effectively build a name for yourself and can verify that you're decent enough to be selected. Because the public opinion of you is fairly high. There are quite a few games out there that became viral in very short notice. A few of them NSFW. And a few of them SFW. The other way you can do it, is to try and get hired by a company that's known for their MUDs. And yes, there's quite a few still active. Simultronics for instance. But in all seriousness... don't hold your breath. Get a back up plan.
I don't think using an Ubisoft game would be a good example of "Cohesive Open World Experiences" It's starting to get incredibly lazy with them. With Watchdogs 2 giving a spark of hope. Ever since that CEO said that they needed to start making more open world games made me start paying attention to exactly what was going on in the games. Sure they had a lot of content, but it's all really just a bunch of meaningless collectables that just feels like a chore to find. The side quests in most Ubisoft sidequests were just rinse and repeat, and got as stale as an old turd after a while.
I think it prevented the game from crashing by not destroying references.
Oh my god that took forever to spot.
To be honest... it's half way realistic :P It's easier to go up an incline diagonally, than it is to go up straight.
How is that a mistake? That sounds like dwarf fortress brilliance.
When you make any game that uses tiles, does not matter if it's 3D or 2D. The VERY first thing people do is they initialize a 2D or a 3D array to represent EVERYTHING. That includes graphical tiles, logic, and also the world should it be an "open world" level. What is generally stupid about this, is that a LOOOT of this data will normally be sparse in most scenarios. When people try to speed this up, they don't think about how much memory access, or members they need to tear about. Noooo... they want to try and make the access faster. What I did instead for one of my more recent projects is that for a world that's supposed to be fairly large and using chunks. I don't initialize a 3D array map. I just use a normal 1D array with enough indexes to contain only the occupied portions of the map, and instead track the coordinates of each piece. When it comes down to logical things... such as the navgrid, and navigation volumes for flying creatures. I actually use regions of defined rectangular prisms. And just reconstruct all of that stuff at runtime immediately when it's needed. This was significantly faster and cheaper than storing 3D arrays in memory when most of it goes unused.
I've already tried it actually :P. Surprisingly, the array is still much faster than STD::Map perhaps unsortedmap would be better.
Several minutes was likely an overstatement, but you -can- tank with a thief. It's just really frickin hard to do it for extended periods because you need to rotate your dodges and skills carefully. On top of positioning. It just took them a long time to notice the tank was down before anyone tried to rez him. Given that outside of watching a few videos to get an idea on what the raid is like, and the mechanics. I was pretty much blind as it was my first time. So it's stressful as hell.
Did I misspell thief? O.o
I don't really use Unity. Is there a reason why this is impressive? Could you provide a video or picture show casing the difference between the Unity vanilla shadows, and the Nvidia's PCSS?
When you say engine, do you actually mean a library?
I know Zojia is Berserker. I only use the name to distinguish the ascended version from the lower tier version. Nah, this was the later attempts. The earliest attempts had an awkward demand for people with full Ascended gear only, which is pretty expensive to get on shorthand notice. Anyways it worked well enough though as it kept the party alive. We came really close, but people just tilted on each other, then collapsed onto me. I'm honestly not sure if it was the lack of DPS or the fact that I had toughness that got me kicked however. It felt more like Scapegoat syndrome, because they KNEW my equipment and setups in advanced. And they knew I had a full berserker set in my inventory if they wanted it swapped. It also wouldn't matter much if my toughness was Zero. As Aggro is also based on who's closest, maybe has a higher armor, and who's dealing the most damage. I can drop aggro at the tip of the hat with a stealth when the tank comes back so I'm not in the way.
Five years from now them. #ValveTime
You might be over thinking it. You don't really need advanced sounds for advanced technology. You just need something that gives the feeling of responsiveness and intuitiveness. One of the things that I REALLY hated with movies, was how they make this "cool" advanced technology have by far the worst f*cking interface possible, or annoying sounds. If you don't have to look at it for more than a second, sure I guess you have a reason to make it look horrendously complex. But if you need to use this on a day to day basis for extended amounts of time... Don't make it annoying, just keep it simple. So... in short... Simple sounding clicks, boops, ticking noises, or -slider- sounds will work. Keep the sounds short. They should not last for any longer than a quarter of a second. They shouldn't be obnoxious to hear frequently (skype's message alert is obnoxious after repeated boops). And honestly, a few elements can safely remain quiet. Anything immediately important should have a sound. Similar to Halo's Shield meter. Where if it gets depeleted, you here it do an alert beeping sound. When it's recharing you hear a slow "wwhhoOOOOO"
You know... honestly I find out about more games with click adds, and youtube personalities than I do with PR companies...
Dark souls? You'd need something generational..... And you'd need to find some way to look at the game's data files... So neural networking and a lot of hex editing buddy. Because Dark souls is one difficult bastard through and through.
**shrug** I don't know. I never made a commercial game.
Source Engine 1 is VERY efficient. You'd be very surprised to see just how good the damned thing is, and what hardware it can run on. If you want an example of modern games using it. You can look up Titan Fall and Titan Fall 2. Honestly though, I'd wait for source engine 2. Hopefully they release the source for the engine's tools as well. Because it helps to be able to modify the level editors tools to get a funtionality that you want.
Can I recommend that you make these into PDFs? So the formulas don't look like a mess of text? @_@ I know it might seem annoying. But it really does help readability when you have some form of styling and formatting.
I think skyrim and fallout actually uses a database approach for all of their persistant data. If you take a look at the Open Morrowind project, you can see an example of how this works. And I'm sure that while it's not Skyrim or Fallout, it's still basically the same. It honestly looks like they keep your perisistant data in memory until you save the game, then it dumps everything to the disk in a Form/Register manner. So Order does not matter in a way. This also means that when you load a game, your entire save data is pulled into memory. The evidence for this theory came from a bug that plagued PS3 for a while. Where the game would slow down because your save data would become so massive after a while to the point that the game crashed. When ever you load data, the game save is actually treated like a mod. Where it loads in your Master game file, then your DLC, then your mods. And then it loads in your actual game save, which will be at the top of the stack. Remember that some mods needed you to completely restart the game for them to work? This method sounds expensive... and I thought so as well. But when you look at the game save. It might not be all that bad. I'm also certain that skyrim and fallout both loads in some amount of static data as well when you load into the over-world for PC. Meanwhile Xbox and PS needs to stream that data just in time from the hard drive.
I'd love to go, but unfortunately I'm both a college student, and a resident of Texas, which is halfway across the country v.v
If you have Softimage, softimage is good with procedural generation of geometry. However, I'm gonna recommend that you don't try to rely on procedural generation for your models other than terrain.
You trade away artistic style for complexity. For me, and I am sure many other gamers... I prefer a game to have it's own cohesive artistic style-where everything complements each other. Than a game trying too hard to bring in new technologies, that may forget the basic steps of art.
There's already a netflix for games. It's called Gamefly. But indie games could be interesting. However I don't see very many game studios being interested in supporting the service. Keep in mind about how low the profits will be for a game studio to put their product on a streamed service with thousands of other items. Game fly is able to do something like this, because they probably buy a massive stock of the game in bulk. And then rent out the CDs.
It's not a trailer if the trailer doesn't capture the audience's interest. Raw gameplay is NOT a trailer. That's just a recipe for disaster in my opinion. The SECOND video should be the ASAP gameplay. While the first should try to capture the audiences interest.
What would it take for a Computer Science graduate to get into contact with Blizzard for possible employment?
One of my older projects actually had two modes. Out of combat which allowed the entire world to interact reguardless of character movement. And In-Combat which processed at a different style. So the combat in In-Combat had some Rogue-like attributes. Think Pokemon Mystery Dungeon. That meant that the player moved and everything else moved. There were some features that allowed you to plan ahead. But it wasn't all that great. Another one I tried was when I tried making a Wasteland styled game for school in Unreal Engine. This one used a battle system similar to Baulders Gate. The idea of that one was to make fighting both strategic and frantic for the player. but that made things too hard. Honestly, just play around with it dude. If you're in the early stages it won't matter how long it takes till you get something that feels right.
&gt; ady concerned about it being too hard for the player to "get their action You want to look into MUDs for textual based commands. More specifically, look into Dragon Realms. They actually streamlined their battle system very well. Where you say something like, Face [Name here], to make your character target a specific enemy. Approach, to come closer to melee range. Retreat to exit melee range. Face Next, to look to the next major threat. Aim would aim directly at who you're facing. Aim at [Name] will change your face to the new enemy, and thus you will be aiming at that enemy. Fire would fire your projectile weapon. Then you'd have strategic attacks. Thrust, Slash, kick, trip, choke, etc.
"best practices" are practices that simply worked for them :P. If you look hard enough, you'd find flaws and repercussions in them too.
I love your control over the pencil. You can see the strokes as a whole are all just one motion.
I am confused, are you looking for tutorials on how to make environments in Unity? Or texturing in Blender?
A handful of variables in a configuration struct. They are just modified by the UI options or something. As for key binding... you need to abstract your event system a bit for this to work correctly. That is instead of hard coding that if someone press the "A" key they jump. You instead need to map the keys to a list of events that should be fired when the A key is pressed. So now, "A" key fires "Jump_Event" because that's what you get from the mapping.
If you're familiar with how Blender's UV system works... then you just need to practice (No getting around that). If not then I highly suggest you look up tutorials on youtube or something. If you're trying to go for a realism look. You are just gonna have to deal with using Photoshop to paint your textures if you can't afford something like Zbrush or 3Dcoat to help you with that. If you're not going for a realistic look or you are REAAALLY good at hand painting textures. Blender actually comes with some UV painting tools. EDIT: Check that, Blender actually does have texture splatting tools for assisted UV painting. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNxmh5UVi08
Ah, well if they refund the price, then I wouldn't mind the initial fee being a little higher then.
They also teach you how to fuck customers with pre-rendered 'gameplay' footage.
You can try scaling down a player's power. But there's really no way to stop higher level players from ROFLSTOMPing new and low level players in PvP heavy MMOs. Which is why they suddenly loose a lot of players. Guild Wars solved this problem pretty well however. The main world is PvE only. And you have a separate world where everyone is now suddenly at the same power. There's still a small advantage for stronger players, but it's not a defining factor.
&gt; PBR Guide by Allegorithmic What color coordinate model is that? Is that Hue Saturation Lightness, or Hue Saturation Luminosity?
Furry websites.
Digipen isn't just a Game programming school from what I have seen. It's highly accredited, expensive as hell, and tends to cover more topics than what universities do. But... just going to Digipen won't actually net you a career in the real world. That's something you need to consider before going into debt for hundreds of thousnads of dollars in student loans.
No one is going to take kindly to anyone asking for free work that's going into a commercial product.
I love futurama for all of the clever science jokes and puns. "He's going five times faster than the speed of light!" "That's breaking the laws of relativity. Lets bust em!" *activates police sirens*
Visual Studios provides pragma api that allows you to collapse a block of code.
You will likely need to provide your own functionality to do this via Vulkan, or do as Panic said and upload after software rasterization. Personally, I'd suggest adding the functionality if you have the time. You won't pay as much for building a buffer of commands and uploading to Vulkan, than you would for rendering on the CPU and then uploading to render again.
No... there wouldn't be a real good way to gauge a death match game based on Hunger Game mechanics. There's too many ways to cheese this, placing bad players higher than they should be. If the game had multiple objectives to complete, or had ways to guage plays. Then sure, there'd be a way. But purely survival? No.
The weapon wag of death. Even dire wolves knows to respect a Darius with his Ult ready.
Probably because a number of spells will force a champion to stop in place during a chase. So if you shoot someone who's within that indicator, chances are you nailed them if they keep running straight. I just hate how much wider the skill shots are though. I hate it when I get cock blocked by a minion who was no where near the line of fire.
Well, it looks like they recieved a small buff. I don't think It'll be enough but it looks like an early game game changer. 11 days ago when I started farming for them... Base damage 54 -&gt; 57 Wolf's Frenzy Dash speed 1200 -&gt; 1400 E Mounting Dread 70 -&gt; 50
I got plenty of time to not worry about climbing. I'm only level 16 with a few champions I really love in my catalogue. Poppy, Leona, Soraka, Teemo (consistent in your face quad kills using the shrooms as both land minds and grenades. Funny that people forget about them when you get in their face), Kayle (whos probably consistently banned), Veigar, and Ahri
I wish they would remove the enemy team's immediate sight on her Camp marks. It's incredibly annoying that the enemy Jungler can either ambush you or immediately deny you a mark because he see's it the moment you do. If you're gonna telegraph Kindreds priorities that hard, give her occasional vision on her Player Marks, or just remove the marks from the enemy's map till they spot it.
I'm not good with acronyms. What is LW
Ah the 35% armor ignore. A lot better than what Cleaver offers outside of cool down. But given that you'll be dealing with enemies with lots of health... yeah I I can see that thing snow balling hard
Usually it's something like you have a specialized Updater exe that you replace your processes executable with. Which replaces files like DLLs the Exe, binary scripts... etc, etc. Or a launcher could do the same as well.
Mmm depending on the match... I tend to Balance out Q and E with 7.12 rather than rushing a max with Q taking priority. I've only recently started playing her... but I noticed that E is basically the move you want to use to finish someone off rather than to kite them with. That final bit of burst damage is surprising. Like the damage it creates can be pretty comparable to an ULT that hasn't been augmented by AP or AD. Assuming that Kindred's 80% AD is 100, that the enemy's at 50% HP 1000 (max 2000), and that kindred has 13 marks (which tends to be common in a lot of youtube videos... and my games) (140+100+(1000*.21))*1.5 Crit Bonus = 675 Damage on a basic ability with a 12 second cool down. A more reasonable 80% attack bonus would be 210 where Kindred gets 263 from being itemed up. 840 damage on a burst, which would certainly fuck someone's day up. Never mind the fact that this is not considering the two additional shots they take. Sadly, it's not true damage. So armor may apply.
For me it is. Granted, I don't waste time clearing the enemy camp for a mark. I kill the large creature and bail out before the enemy jungler notices.
Do you have any tips on rushing level 4? I clear the Red, the Wolves, and Skuttle, but it's just barely under level 3.
Before I get flamed. I was actually hoping Darius would pop his ult, as it's very possible for him to just Wombo combo. I didn't know that Kindred's dash wouldn't dodge a dunk...
If "Attack champions only" worked for attack move it'd be great. Instead I wind up shooting a minion instead.
I'm not too worried about Yi. I learned that Kindred ROFLSTOMPS master yi early and late game. So I've got no problem with invading his jungle aggressively.
No, Attack Champions only does not work with attack move. It only works for Right clicking to my knowledge.
I've actually used the ult to kill a fed Warwick. It keeps him from healing anything as he wails on me. Your damage is pretty massive because they never build armor. And once the ult is finished press q and you will end him immediately.
The E is an execution move. And It's basically like a single target ult when you trigger the 50% bonus damage. On the third hit, wolf will replace lambs arrow to finish the combo off. I've actually gotten 1065-1500" damage on the E. Kindred takes a lot of damage in the jungle early in. Wolf only attacks one target at a time, which gives the enemy plenty of time to catch up to Lamb and bite the shit out of her. Other junglers have either tankyness, massive burst damage, AOE clear, or self sustain. I do like the changes. It made it easier to get going without needing overly aggressive play. My problem was immediate information. I said nothing about preventing the enemy from discovering them. Right now, it's basically broad cast as a big ass "F*CK YOU" to Lamb as she knows that the enemy jungler would likely just go clear the camp out unless one of the lanes badly needs a gank. My thought is don't reveal this information to the jungler till the camp is in sight. Give Kindred a chance.
I was kinda hoping it would be a flat 3 marks across the board. 3 marks for intial 75 boost, and 25 for every 3 after.
Why anthromorphize wolf? It'd be pretty bad ass to control a floating wolf head.
Except this isn't popular belief in the world of runeterra :P. Kindred brings souls to their final resting place. Her ult is even a big fat "FUCK YOU" in critical moments. Like stopping an enemy from slaying baren, or saving your friends. Lambs quotes are even something I'd concider death to say. "Shine brightly once more!" "Not now, not yet!" "Savor life's closing act!" Best of all... Lamb and wolf are not edge lords.
The critical strike threshold is 15% + half of your critical chance. At 100% critical hit chance, you will critically strike with E below 65%
I'd take you up on that offer
Unranked. Came from Dota 2 after a friend got me into League. Level 19 and a half.
So what happens to the Honor you've accumulated before?
This is some really good information :U Also, thank you for providing me an explanation on how to use Red Smite. I see a lot of people go for it, but I could never find a use better than the tracker's knife which gives you two wards that refill on backing.
I'd use it, but I'd not let it replace you moving your cursor back to click on an enemy. It also helps you when you walk into a bush. You can immediately attack someone who dived out of a bush. Or on the other side of a bush, giving you a chance to initiate.
Riot done fucked up when they nerfed the living crap out of Kindred. Riot: Her kit revolves around "Kiting" in the jungle. Not face tanking. So... why the hell did you not do something to make it easier for her to duel players? You can use armor glyphs, but most junglers also run armor glphys. Increasing her base AA damage so she hits like a truck at the start would have helped - and ramp it to her final a little more slowly.
So I'm not the only one that noticed some specs can solo dungeons now. Story at least, hadn't tried the exploration.
Roleplay
Regen thief. A thief that hits like glass but outlatst. tanks. Heavy mix of damage and healing combined with shadow arts, acrobatics, and critical strikes. Pisses people off when I overstay my welcome and they still can't kill me. Want to really piss people off? Take skelk venom and bring friend thieves with the same build.
I wonder what happens if you get hit by one.
Eh, new to me. I only noticed this about a month ago when I was taking a new player through the dungeons. I've noticed that I've been killing most things in two or three hits, bosses died a lot faster than I remembered too. Side note, interesting how quick people are to downvote because of something that isn't exactly common knowledge to 90% of the players.
The asura looks like she's seen some shit.
For lower level characters I guess... Even then, I really can't find a reason to justify having minors, unless you plan on upgrading the minor to something where the superior is insanely expensive. I don't remember if you're guaranteed to get the upgraded version though if you throw in four of the lesser.
Honestly, it just really depends on what you are. People won't be too thrilled about having someone who does not have full vipers. But those people should get kicked in the groin by their raptors. Some professions don't lose out on much for rolling out of the door with something other than Vipers. Something like a thief, and I think a mesmer, and maybe a necro, who can just keep piling on conditions and refreshing them with abandon won't lose much DPS. Even more so with the recent changes to how condi works.
Looks like a last stand.
Dear God... Did anyone give him the crown of intelligence?
The self combo finisher with Pistol and Dagger combo. Black powder, and heart seeker through the field.
Centripetal force
Jesus... An immigrant makes more than this in a day.
Why the fuck is she pushing sex on this list so hard...
She failed the minimum requirements?
I think the conversation would be over with when they hear it's across the good damn world.
The fungus and baby would drive me into drinking.
I don't blame signapor for kicking him out.
To me, these fetishes are pretty tame :/. It's how contradictory half this shit is that gets me. Now can someone explain what the hell "full figured" means?
If you look closely, under 35. This means she is more than happy to get a 5yr old boy :/
So... Matronly?
So... a team that don't give a fuck... but criticism will be involved. So fucks are given?
If you want anything better than GLES 3, you will need to modify it in.
Most systems often parent the player with the floor for simplicity once you land on a platform.
Not necessarily. For your terrain texture you can reserve a specific value for removed veticies. Or store the information in a file for lookup. This way you don't dramatically increase your file sizes or massively reduce your range. Example. You use the texture texture as a floating point. Because floating points have rules that details what is legal and is not, you can use the illegal value of a float to represent a missing vertex.
Adding onto the suggestion. https://i.stack.imgur.com/7mMFI.png You have three sequence s of numbers that are unusable. But you can bit check via &amp;&amp; and an integer. Inf, -inf, NaN
There's no existing module that does this for Godot that I know of at the moment. You would need to create the terrain system yourself. And this is all on the CPU. You typically need the terrain height map texture on the CPU in order to handle physics.
That information is openly available on the Nintendo website.
When soccer deserves it's own AND 1 compilation
Does he have a resume?
I sympathize as well. But I'm pretty sure she can get federal aid...
A black guy with brown hair... Da fuq.
How the fuck do you have a TV show with BOB DYLAN like opening song... But refuse to pay someone in an emergency?!
Eh... I drive 136 miles of day total beteen work and home. Not that crazy If he pays well and up front.
...let's not get too PC now.
Wait till you get to daybreak and Season 2
I'd rather have the hawk, than the creepy ass owl that shows up once in a blue moon to stare at me.
Where the fuck is the punctuation!? How do you demand English and not use punctuation!? What is this world?!
The thing they don't tell you is to twist with your hips and tilt with your forward to to balance.
Looks like a music sheet you run through a music box
Why did her hair go from red to black... Anyways, what did you pay for this commission?
It does if you're fighting players and trash mobs.
Same here XD.
I love the rifle skin. But I'm kinda disappointed to not see anything relating the next Season chapter.
There's not much different between 3D and 2D. You just add a third dimension you need to concider in most cases.
I wouldn't say Godot borrowed ideas from Unreal and Unity. Except for the scene thing, most of the things Godot does predates unity and unreal's mainstreaming.
Subtle details
Like I am 5 please?
It doesn't take much to do a background check. You can do one online. I am apparently living in China according to mine..
Why the hell did I think cockroach. I know a friend with a bunch the size of cats. Would have mailed him a box of the hissing bastards
It depends I guess. Some homeless people are likely trying to save money to get out of their current situations. I remember one with a dog that's been saving up for a year to return to New Mexico from Texas so they can live with family and get back on their feet by getting a job.
:/ Isn't the idea of homework to do it yourself?
I was wondering what the problem was... Then I saw plywood....
Well... He's forward thinking. He'll take men as long as they are naked in the shared sections
I guess I'll put away my fighting pants... For now
Sounds like a slam of a time. Wait I mean, nice as fuck.
Nah... You can be a dude in wow. If you can prove you're worth the investment for a few hours, people will just give you shit so they can move on in the raid.
Well it will make the previous generation more attractive. My short experience with it seems accurate enough.
D:
The perspective... It's all fucked. Where is the foreshortening?
Does it involve white ink?
Some libraries require upfront payment for a card.
Or... Just.buy BALLS or Magic Shaving cream if you don't feel comfortable with putting sharp things on your nethers...
I can offer him a trashbag
So... What about the puppies?
You won't pay for shipping? Well... Can you DRIVE it to me? I know you live across the ocean, but I really need it.
Someone needs to learn about screenshots.
It's not a bad gun either. The scales are shit. And it looks well maintained compared to half the shit on Craig's list.
This... Honestly doesn't seem terrible. Get paid 50 a week to stay in someone's house during the night hours. Wake up and get the kids ready. Go to work at 7:30 be back by 6 to repeat. Only downside is, you're probably gonna see "Free Willy".
I said not a bad gun. I didn't say it was good. Taurus has made some good handguns and revolvers, and they made some meh ones.
I feel offended...
The court case requires a literate afro American juror for diversity.
Jesus, that's Savage.
That's what I am wondering... Without a prognosis, she sounds perfectly healthy to get a job. Unless she's in a wheelchair or something.
Use cat litter instead of ketchup. Use something that hides odors
No way in hell those are antiques. Too modern in design, the arm rest looks like sculpted particle board. And overall, you could probably find em on Amazon for 150 a piece.
Just let it go man.
The trial is already over. She's allowed to display her opinions freely without reprecussion during sentencing. She can get investigated for this, but it's wonky.
One of the primary reason Dallas cops started carrying high powered rifles that takes 5.56 ammunition was to an armed robber 18+ years ago. The robber was decked out in custom body armor consisting of heavy cast iron pans and sliced truck tires ((which have Kevlar material and are impossible to get through with pistol rounds)). The SWAT team uses MP5s with hollow points as the primary weapon of choice. Officers and civilians we're killed or seriously wounded. Eventually, he was taken down with a flash bang and a sniper rifle from less than 100ft if I remember correctly. My parents told me that when I asked them about the bizzare range of weapons the DPD has. More specifically about a .50 Cal sniper. Apparently they had to deal with an armored vehicle without one once, and quickly aquired it. Method was to get the shooters attention with suppression fire while a SWAT truck rolled up in the dark, hooked the door, and ripped it off. They chunked a tear gas into the truck and pinned him on his way out.
Correction, it's not often noted in the news. But it happens quite often. Makeshift armor is also a thing.
The definition of an assault rifle is a weapon capable of selective fire, and designed for use with magazines. So sure, those weapons aren't assault rifles, and neither is a f*cking auto only 5.56 or 7.52. But half the God damn time the difference is just that, selective fire. The power, the cartridge, range, and penetration is normally the same. And no, it is not statistically zero. A trip to a major city PD will tell you it's very high.
I'm more impressed that she remembers bears hibernate. Too bad that she got the month wrong. They get ready towards the end of November...
Fuck that it's a good kayak. I'd give him two for the boat. I can fix it with some [Flex Tape](https://youtu.be/8ci2hj7CSHI)
I'd party with that bear.
Why is a truck and a plane absent in that list...
What evil said. You don't actually let them bumper check you. You tap your breaks lightly enough to illuminate your rear lights a few times or to slow down just a bit.
There are consequences to lying to an officer about reckless traffic behavior. And serious ones at that.
Mess with the bull... You get the horns.
True... True... I'm kinda mixed on her situation. Still a choosing beggar. If she said the food is questionable, I'd understand it. I did get some food from a church pantry in college. Grape fruit juice, a bag of homemade hard tacs, and canned beans. Made the mistake of drinking grapefruit juice two years expired.
Custom Workflows that better suits their artist or tech they have. General purpose engines have the problems of unknown technical restraint s that remains undiscovered until you blindly slam into them. These are often caused by design decisions or optimizations. This happened to me way too many times with Unreal. Custom technology that can not be implemented for the above reason. Custom optimizations specific to your game to allow what can not be made on a general purpose engine to be feasible. My project uses a heavily modified Godot engine because unreal chugs on it. The ability to license your engine for others to use. An engine well designed for one genre of games. The ability to ship pieces of your toolset for modding with ease. large engine code bases are extremely difficult to modify. Finally you pay A LOT of overheard on general purpose engines. What features you do not use is compiled into the executable anyways.
I can. It's not terribly hard to smash together a quick game engine for super mario.
Uh... Have you thought of creating modular assets in which to create the cities?
Not at all. Fire Emblem does this to affect.
75? It can't possibly be th- **UNHOLY SCREACHES OF HORROR**
Sure if you want to find your kids in the oven when you get home.
I wouldn't attribute it to intelligence. A LOT of the programmers have more experience and knowledge than me. Convenience is hard to argue against if your game does so little different. And when people hear build an engine, the first thing they immediately think is that you are trying to build the next unreal or unity. That thinking is attributed to many people asking how to build engines like those, and still going.
:/ You might find this surprising. But if you look on Gamedev.net's beginner's forums, this is one of the MOST COMMON questions asked. Just under, "How do I make an open world MMORPG"
I find it really hard to believe the guy with a tire that looks really low, knows how to actually change his breaks.
It took me 4hrs to do freaking disk breaks on an 01 Mitsubishi. Just the front 2. After that, I take em to a mechanic who does them in slightly less time. But for a flat fee, and a decent fee at that.
Just leave the baby with some wolves. They'll take care of it for you.
More Mascot I guess
She'd been better off upscaling her age... A child of 2 means she had made a good ole life mistake at the top age of 17
How did he fuck that up...
What the hell is an 8 and up? Dick length?
Given that rifles and vests were involve d I am guessing he was dangerous enough.
Yeaaaaah. I know it's heart breaking to see, but put yourself in the same position as the cop where you are alone and two dogs you do not know run up to you. There are also dogs that remains quiet and appear friendly as they approach just to fuck you up. That's what my dog does to people he doesn't like. On a side note, some police departments have policies for dealing with both aggressive and non-aggressive dogs. DPD prefers to pepper spray or tases dogs, which is often enough to deter them from approaching a uniformed officer again, or quickly bail at the sight of the can. Lethal force is reserved for when the dog is actually causing bodily harm, or the owner has visibly released the hounds on an announced officer. Example being two dogs were shot and killed recently by police in an attempt to save a newborn who was being ripped apart.
.... Sure... The chunk out of your arm won't, but the follow up bite to the neck?
Apparently they wait for animal control to walk into the line of fire with a doggy loop.
... Except being a police officer in Britain is like baby sitting a bunch of children with crayon shivs. You get dead cops, but it's so damn rare every instance is on the news with people commenting "what has this world come to?!" Meanwhile, cops die left and right to a whole shit load of reasons in the US. We've got big ass dogs roaming the streets in various cities ripping people up like Jack the ripper. Easy access to guns of varying sizes without a good way to stop them. And when a cop dies, most of the city won't know about it. and there will be people saying #fuckthepolice with their phones out just waiting for them to screw the pooch. Kinda surprising that cops aren't allowed to use a robot to carry a pack of C4 and take out an armed suspect who killed those Dallas cops. Kinda surprising that an officer is not allowed to defend himself when someone is menacing him with a damn hatchet (despite the people who were against the shooting in denton, saying they would have shot the suspect).
..... 50$ a week food stipend... Do they not understand how much food and gas costs?
Pants of penis compressing degrees?
What is the last 2
The pay doesn't even make up for the art materials.
People want new :/.
I'm still driving my first car. Parents bought it for me used at 140k miles in highschool. It's now got 230k+, I can afford to get a new (by that I mean I'd rather buy a used car than a new one) car. But what's the point? I took care of it, and it still works well.
... a portfolio implies art (bullshit degree). No way in hell is anyone going to donate. And no way in hell will she make her money back.
Nah, not rude. It's just a friendly reminder that you won't get a party party on request.
This person wants two pugs... Which has a LOT of health problems for free? If you can't afford to get them, you sure as hell can't afford the vet bill.
Hunny, I'm surprised you let it happen. I would have bailed.
Yeeaaah... I get people are buying the shit out of GPUs to cryptomine like hell. But this is absurd.
&gt;Wtf did you expect Not expecting. Waiting for my fuckin time when I get to kill everything
At this point, I don't care about the team. Fuck them. They want to be jerkasses regardless of what I do. I'll be one too. And I already duel in WvW. But the fights you get can be all over the place. It's either someone that doesn't know what they are doing, and the victory is bitter. Or you get a good fight and are happy to get your ass handed to you here and there
PS: There's a benefit to intercepting and killing players. It's called respawn timers. 5points isn't a lot. But a lot can be done when it's suddenly 5v4 alive on the map. Hint, it's called snow ball. If I kill 1 fucking guy because he crossed my path while I'm doing my "role". How about you press the sudden advantage, instead of bitching and calling me toxic? You know one guy is off the map. That means there's four for you to track down. Chances are two are visible, because the team sees them. You can collapse on one of them and take the fight to 5v3, and suddenly it's a lot more difficult for the enemy team to catch up unless you back off of them. You keep killing them, staggering their numbers so they are always at a man disadvantage, and they won't ever catch up. You get all control points under control and bottleneck. I didn't get to my fucking rank by just passively decapping all god damn day.
It's mostly because I fight dirty. I've gotten into the habit of baiting players with downed players (taking them down and not finishing them off. Just poking them to stop them from healing) and ambushing as they are getting revived. If Ive got quite a few downed players I just make them bleed out then suffer respawn timers to give my team an advantage. Using scorpion wire to pull away a squishy from a two man and killing them before going after the other. And cheesing people by launching them off high spots to take fall damage and immediately steal heart seekers to finish them. Round corners climb walls cloak and drop behind for a backstab when they think I am running away Interupts and punishments Using free can to use the forward run speed to strafe left and right faster than normal. Using ambush traps. And general map awareness. I decap. But I look for plays and take em. I've played thief almost exclusively since launch. And right now Anets handling is just now starting to really grate me.
You might have misread.
You telling me you're not calling me a bad player right now, and that you never want me on your team?
And remember that thief is usually expected to decap, go far, and plus one. A lot of people are very quick to tilt on thief if he deviates without seeing what they do. While I don't get flamed every game. It happens often enough that I bought a second account so they can pm and mail spam that instead of my main PvE. I know I shouldn't let it get to me. I will agree I am toxic, hince overstacked tilt next to my name. But that was born from just taking abuse from other players for years. On top of Anet not seeing a problem with one of the professions current states, and are just making it worse with each patch. The auto attack one was bad enough that I almost couldn't salvage thief at my rank. While it was all together 16%, the problem is that the first two attacks are massively reduced by 20-50, somewhere around that point. At plat it's hard to land daggers full auto chain. Really at this point I'm at my limit for bullshit, I'm contemplating calling it quits on sPvP and just work on legendaries on my Main, and do Role-playing.
Hold my dagger noodles. Thief going in! **Balance update by Anet, thief no longer allowed to use weapons.** *Gets owned*
... how does he test how sharp a knife is? You usually test it against your finger nail to see if it catches or slides
Many. I'm busy training people who skipped the farhar
Pretty much
Well put a car on Mars later
Let me check.... What's your vector, Victor?
I still wanted Evon Gnashblade... Stupid rigged votes. Now we're stuck with a non pirate looking Lions Arch
I dream of twisted metal!
M-M-M-MONSTER KILL!
That's gotta be hot as hell.
Ace Combat
Is it butt stuff if pegging happens?
YOU DIED MOTHA FUCKA
What is that table
A table?! By golly! What is it made of?!
10/10 would fuck
Life.... Just kidding. The worst gift I've gotten would actually be incorrect tires for my car. When they were put on, an already low vehicle was nearly touching pavement
Can I get a price check on... "Looks at tag" potaotes
Listen toooooooo?
Godspeed! We need this knowledge color the benefit of mankind!
Have you tried starch?
Step 1 Plagiarized the internet. Step 2 collect $22 Step 3 ???? Step 4 profit
I don't know. But he was moving
... but I got my dog used. It didn't come with a owners manual. 01 blue healer mix
I am now thinking of the I like booty guy.
Why not just stay dead for new players for a few months... There's an achievement and title for reviving people. The title is combat medic. Reviving down people counts. But quite a number of players get one shotted immediately when they get back up As for the event. It will get done. You got plenty of time.
For a player base that praises the community for being nice, you're quick at telling someone off rather than just saying "No."
Because unfortunately it is the loudest. Right now, I will honestly say that I have no idea what modern feminism goals are as a male. I want to understand it. But the amount of hate and extremism is the most common thing I see, rather than someone explaining the goals. It's to the point where a common Texan mannerism, men holding a door for any gender and dipping their heads, gets rewarded with a shit storm by the extremist. Edit: not sure why this is getting downvoted when I am pointing out a sad fact. Most probably don't fully understand what feminism is actually for, and only sees those who give it a bad name
Dude... With commanders track record of airships, I'd rather take the grounded house. At least that way the commander can avoid ptsd every morning.
Fair enough. It just looks a bit sketch.
I was hoping for the camera man to drop a flower pot or a toilet on his head.
Link appears to be broken
Fuck yo lute. Hurrdy Gurdy
I hate sports games. But strikers was my shit.
Fuck you... I wanted that joke
If you build them... Use a Bluetooth radio. Hard as hell to get through.
Join your fiance's party. Go to the same map. Right click their name and select join them in if their portrait is black.
Action cam is alright in PvP. I alternate between free and action in combat. Good on thieves because you can use their abilities to fly around exactly where you want to go.
You lucky bastard. I sunk a hundred gold into the toilet and got nothing. Fast forward a few months and someone got a precursor from a fuggin Tuna.
Also. Tier 4 is where you want to start using those potions. You can get by without them in tier 3 and lower. But you're asking for a world of hurt in T4
Yes... Get those masteries asap!
Most people only say good things about it. Those who say bad things about it are quickly crucified. You have been warned. In seriousness. It's really just a pattern, a bit of a bastard to work with sometimes. However, keep in mind it's not the end all be all. You really shouldn't force things into the pattern if you seriously have no reason for it. It can greatly simplify some things. And it can severely overcomplicate some problems. You can achieve similar performance with any other technique as long as you're mindful about your data processing.
I'm crying
Why does stuff with cool downs cost energy...
There's a friggin screen shot button
What, no toenail clippings?!
Gamedev here... Multithreading and concurrent programming is an absolute god damn bitch. That introduces bugs and performance problems very easily. You don't always get gains, and can accidentally make programs slower. The problem has to do with architecture and having to try a dozen things to get it right. The first killer of MT performance is waiting. Either by deadlocks, or synchronization. You can't suit render calls from everything without problems, so you have to submit it from a single defined thread. You can do pre render work on other threads... But you gotta synchronize which can eat up time depending on how small or large the scene is. And data can change randomly of unprotected, which can cause crashes and bugs. The second, and AMD has a massive problem with it - is fase sharing. Which is what happens when data goes to the cores cache, and not always the correct one. In reality. The problem is most likely the programmers or the OSes fault, and customers like to point fingers at hardware vendors. And while it most likely is... It is very hard to fix. It's like blindly putting together a mustangs engine after taking it apart for tuning. The difficulty is why you often see games still use maybe only a handful of threads. And the actual game logic probably still being on a single thread.
GO LEFT! GO LEFT! GO LEFT, RIGHT, LEFT! They say freedom is free! Well I teant to disagree!
LONG LONG MAAAAN
Be nice if Anet added this for shits and giggles
Nope. It's actually easier in smaller teams if the project is simpler. Larger shops, it gets much more painful. Especially when the code base hits 14gigs on just source files alone. A lot of money is often shoved into threading. But as mentioned. It's an incredibly painful thing to do right. It's theoretically easier to do it all over from scratch and plan in advance. But that doesn't mean it is any easier in practice. Just more time consuming.
You sure a player didn't just throw a rock and blew them up with over 120k damage?
Explore other areas. Do events. Have fun with the quests. Do WvW. The leveling in GW2 doesn't take long. It takes ages if you're trying to kill mobs
A few months in PvP. They were nearly impossible to for a group of three to kill and did insane damage via condi and power.
Basically reapers could very frequently go into reaper mode like every 15secs or so. Corrupt boons, deal a shit load of damage and apply condi. I'm not entirely sure how they kept healing with shroud on. You were better off not bothering with them.
She'd probably afford it if she bought tickets early instead of lingerie and bondge gear.
I found a rock...
Did Samsung make that bike?
"I am the real mesmer" "No really She Is" "Just attack her already"
The sandwich will kill you before the boss does.
Elsweyr. Fuck black Marsh. I want the khajiits
Khajiit is no thief! Maybe liar, but no thief! Just honest merchant.
Even better playing someone who wasn't tacticool
She was looking kinda dumb with her finger and her thumb
He's only-going forward from this point on.
.............. But isn't Bitcoins algorithm so hard, you lose money?
To put it into context. I don't need HDR, and went the Nintendo way with breath of the wild. Using a slightly different PBR model to focus on the inaccurate hand painted look. Don't need advanced shadows like raytraced shadows. I'm not using skin expensive skin shaders, but opted for a basic stylized one that handles light and dark tones very well. I don't have to pay for voxelization every frame for dynamic objects in GI. I'm focusing on a painted art style so inaccuracies are fine. All objects are just given predefined voxels of some anisotropic color. I can render terrain using 256 blended textures in a single draw call. Terrain needed to look good as you're always looking at it. Terrain is using tiles instead of height map. I don't have screen space reflections. I use cube maps and just render dynamic models into them if they are turned on. And with various qualities. Perfect mirrors renders with clarity. Glossy things or broken mirrors renders a low poly colored model. I don't have bokeh rendering. K place particles at the light sources at certain distances. Culling model is a brute forced visibility check against level polygons, which was faster than unreal. Blender is able to link into the engine and do scene animations, so I don't have to implement the tools for it. Tossed out entity component systems as I really don't need it. Instead I use proxies. The proxies are what gets updated, only copies what it needs for the frame, and everything else stays in a databank. It ignores everything else about the object. When you interact with it, context sensitive are used which then uses the true data. Implemented a modified Lua to thread entities and keep scripting. And the skybox is rendered under the terrain instead. When the player passes over water, it just clips the terrain to make the skybox visible before the cube maps are rendered.
The Fall uses authorization. ARID (Automated Robtic Interface Device) is aware of everything on the suit she controls. But her programming disallows it if it is not immediately needed for the survival of her unconscious pilot. Often times, her abilities are authorized if her pilots life is in danger. And you are sometimes forced to endager the pilot to continue, which is added to the story, rather than being g a video game mechanic.
Im not new to game programming XD. I did build the engine I need. I built and tested it to my desired system specifications, which are low for PC and has a primary target for Nintendo Switch and low end gaming PCs and I'm only paying the cost of features I actually need and use in a code base that can be read overnight. For the most part the engine is done and compliant with my design document. As for 4 weeks of time not being enough, you'd be surprised if your engine is very specific. And if there are problems I can fix it quickly, and broken features are quickly detected with unit testing, and automated integration testing via python.
The switches development isnt terrible. Of you've had experience with PlayStation then you'll be somewhat alright. The part that's hard to get used to is shared memory. Low system specs assumes 2gigs of memory, a quad core at minimum. And any GPU that currently supports Vulkan 1.0s specifications, Or openGL 4.1, and has at least 2gigs of memory. As far as testing across other rigs. That is doable on a later date. Publishing a engine benchmark test when things are together to call an alpha test will be a fix for that. You can collect a wide range of system configurations. Performance across multiple in engine systems to simulate a stress test in the worst case scenario. And also see if you need to add special paths based on hardware. Both Nvidia and AMD GPUs likes receiving data in specific ways.
"Make/don't make your own game engine." This is honestly one of those really weird situations to find yourself in where there's no concrete answer, and there's a huge side that will tell you don't, when it might be a good idea for your specific case. Or you might do it on a whim without trying other options.
Anyone noticed how bored the crowd was with EA and Microsoft?
I main Splattling. Much better for me to take my time with the push, as I can just clean them up when the enemy arrives and has no Idea where I am.
Flanking isn't a bad idea. Beats running face first into fire at all times
I'm doing well enough as is. Giving them time to bunch up and. Go whole hog, and get a multi to let the team push on objective. Splatlings are better at fire support, suppressing fire, or punishing grouping. Picks is better suited for more mobile weapons. I mean look at Splattlings kits. Most of the time you're a big turret with area control. Also at punishing people stupid enough to challenge a Splattling when both are on until able territory.
I'm in the Arlington, Texas Area.
The RockShox Silver Air Solo is an airshock, right?
So sad starfox, Metroid, or Fzero wasn't mentioned. At least dox is in starlink
YOUVE BEEN DONE IN!
"Coffee stunts your growth and damages your nerves." Instant fake coffee.
Small turtles are very fast... Not sure about a tortoise
It's neat it has a pasture... But what about Hawks?
Just pull an astension to the ascention to your vacation.
I couldn't find myself getting it up for a dude that thinks like that.
**Surprise Motherfucker!**
Don't worry. The mosquitos will have new DNA to work with. Soon they will all have incredibly jacked legs to kick spiders 75 yards through the air!
Only a face a mother could love
Is Western food that big of a deal?
Ever tried to give one a gun
I don't know your level of experience. But from gamedev to gamedev, I can give you a tip that will potentially decrease the turn around time and make your life easier. Assuming the game lives on the device. First, implement a scenario file system. This is a compressed game packet with a bunch of text files. Similar to a Doom .bat file. The text files are story files of each scenario. You talk to someone it loads that file. The files will also contain special tags that details special text formatting, user data bools for gender, body type etc. And also branching options.
75 yards if you use the arc.
To a non technical note. I'd like to see a magical/fantasy style. A lot can be pulled off to be honest. You can easily limit the player to a single large city, and make him ineffective at combat (can't fight, but maybe use some utility magic), and focus more on puzzles and story. The player won't feel compelled to fight things and grind for levels, and instead focus on exploring.
The new Killer Queens looks pretty lit.
.................................................................................. I'm getting me mallet
Why do you think Pikachu's not there? He's seen the shit Samus goes through already, and noped it the fuck out of there when she asked for help again.
It makes sense however. There's pretty much one governing body for the Lylat system... Outside of venom which is treated like a. Prison. Then andross fucked that shit up. Unless we're talking about the original comics... Well it was a hell hole that andross ran to after icing James with a mother fucking blackhole bomb because they loved the same woman.
Just wait till ridly is stupid enough to wear cappy
You must have never fought a good Luigi. A fucking nightmare
DOOM GUY TEARS IT UP!
You mean we're somehow able to get a fucking grass or water type in that fucking forest of pidgies and god damn bug types?
Try yellow version. You don't get a choice. Have fun~
Nah. Just catch a water type. Show it. And Don't use it. Nuzlocke has rules to allow you to progress I remember my first... Ruby. If you have treecko you had a rocky start. But when you get Sceptile, you fuck shit up. What the fuck is type disadvantage when you can use the weakness of every type. And almost always go first
Given that shadow is an edge lord.... Do we want to consider it a representation? Cuuuz I'm sure it can be used to argue against too.
Armor Core got renamed
If you have heavy fire power, you need to push towards one, one at a time. Closing the distance will improve your accuracy and make sure they go down. The other option is to cut them off with ink and kill them. As for their specials, shooting splash down and inkjet out of the sky is essential.
Some of the challengs do make you want to kill yourself
It doesn't feel pain. It doesn't even have a central nervous system!
What happens when you run out of credits?
Don't miss after your tenth try
They tell you that you get the gear when the Octolings escapes
Did it. Just dance baby.
True. The library that Microsoft manages is DirectX. Even then, it's mostly up to the GPU developers to implement it. Still, Apple telling developers to consider using Metal instead makes me want to drop them like a hot potato. Fortunately for them... OpenGL 4.1 is supported, so I'm not just hanging them up to dry. The apple user base is small, and much smaller is the gamers. Making an additional API supported for just them doesn't begin to justify the costs, especially if you tack on any paid libraries you are using that charges you for each platform. If you're using an engine that already supports Metal (Unreal). Well you've got nothing to worry about. If you're starting from a small engine, or from scratch. Well... congratulations you'll have a pitchfork and a torch in your hand as you chase CEO off the face of the planet.
It's "Can't c me..." A reference to WWE, John Cena The trick here is to get closer by swinging left instead of right. And to barely peak around corners so the enemy can't see you, but you can still tag them. Most players haven't quite figured out that you can actually shoot around corners with very little of your body actually poking out.
Apparently pearl gives you a loan you must payback. I don't see the point of money at this point. And the reason why you want to do all the levels is for the expansion gear.
I got my femboy affro octoboy
Sales tax is dependant on your state. However, if you have starpoints you can use them to shave off twenty cents if you have twenty.
I just ran in a figure eight.
Hello Poor. I am dad.
If you bought other games on the store it rewards you with points.
Nooot sure. Maybe the true final boss?
It's small enough to be a gamble. Remember. That players need to notice your game. Hard to do for most Indies. And tripple a companies are always pushing the "next gen" which makes the common apple configurations choke. The mobile market got past the "Small market" because of how easily accessible a time waster is on a phone. And people always want something to do on their commutes, on the shitter, or in the office.
Yes. X number of them is worth one golden egg when points are tallied. It is a good idea collect the normal eggs for this region. But if the fight is rough, and you're at quota. Just fuck off and stay alive. It's a good way to get yourself killed sometimes.
Play the song move it and move to the rythm
5th edition has a lot of rules that would massively disadvantage a single player. I don't even know where to begin without giving them some absurdly ridiculous spells and items.
But you can not deny That we do not discriminate And yet you only remember our battlecry.
I noticed it was a blender when I got my first two parts. But I honestly didn't think about what it was actually for until I was already inside it. I was just sitting here like, "Well... it's octarian technology. Shit's always been whack. I mean Agent 3 and 4 were slipping into teapots and launching off into space. And the octarian tentacles were driving toasters, ovens, and stamps and shit. Whats the worst that can happen?" So I climb in, and realize to my horror when they were lifted up, "OH FUCK!"
The incels gonna be trippin, bro.
Well... the end of the game does finally explain what the hell is going on.
They're just choices. I kinda began to suspect that as I went on, as you weren't rewarded with anything in particular. Certain weapons are easier than others, despite it having a higher reward. Though I do recommend taking the snipers in the level when it's required....
Hey... That's why we have a home owners association. You have 24 hours to get your shack to code or we bomb the fuck out of it.
How in the fuck are you blending them so we'll... I can only get that kind of result with pastels.
Gurl power. You have to defend an orb from a fuck load of Octolings who gets their specials way too fucking fast. And the last thirty seconds you get bum rushed with all specials. So have fun. That challenge can go fucking die in a god damn fire.
So staying with a guy makes you a hoe?
You... Can't exactly rip a pool out of the ground and sell it. And if there was someone stupid enough... How the fuck are they going to fill the crater? Dirt is expensive as hell if you can't find a contractor trying to get rid of the shit. And you have to destroy the fence to get the damn truck with dirt inside the backyard. Meanwhile you're also tearing up your neighbor's yard. Cement the fucking drains and just fill the bitch with dirt.
"..... a blender..." "OH SHIT A BLENDER!" Octoling panic noises.
Kinda want to see what the community can do for a rap spittin cucumber... **drops mic on the ground for C.Q. Cumber** Check it. It's C.Q. Cumba, now awaken from ya slumba why dont ya look around ya, and get a little limba You see you found yah self in a little delimima Wanna go home little -ling? Too bad! Gotta best these tests, isn't that sad?
[This is relevant](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/799/681/146.png)
"You did not open the car door for her - test failed."
Selective censoring.
Name checks out
So... Like the dragons in rainworld
What's this... Someone touched Sasha.... WHO TOUCHED MY GUN!
LOOONG LOOONG MAAAAAAAAAAN
What weapons Pierce's armor?
This is true
The bike is way too small for the rider and does not look like it's equipped with a set of gears. It's basically a shitty commuter with off-road tires. Looks like a cheap walmart bike. Look closely. The wheels look like they are under 20inches, and the frame is smaller than his torso. He can stand with both feet on the ground and not have the seat touch his ass by a foot. He wouldn't be able to go very fast. He would have been better off on foot.
Her hands are gonna be all sorts of fucked now. Mangos have a highly irritive acid on their skin that can chew through clothes.
Not really. Just don't work for the red flags and you'll be somewhat ok.
Looks like turtles aren't the only mutants that love pizza
I cried. But it wasn't tears. It was in triumph. Beat all the tests before getting the last thang. Then completed the true final boss. Those Octolings in turf war are nothing compared to what that nightmare was!
Pulp or death!
Not realizing he was dividing by zero would scare off tech recruiters.
Well... That explains why the package I paid overnight shipping for was delayed. Time to go see about a refund
I never said the macOS can't be performant. I said the common configurations of macs are not good. The most common desktop Mac platforms are MacBooks. The configuration is designed to be lightweight, and power efficient. The performance on the system shines with how efficient Unix based machines are as a household workhorse. The problem I have is the hardware. You can play games on it that have been actively designed to be widely availabl on even low end systems like league, and DotA . But if you try running games with no consideration to this, you'll be looking at the iMac. The configurations of the iMac is around back mid-end computer for gaming (though that probably changed with the Radeon Pro cards) which is very workable for Indies band some AAA devs. But the owners of those machines just aren't high, with cost being the biggest barrier. Once again, not having to integrate another graphics API is the biggest dlure for OGL and Vulkan. Adding another API on a project where you might only have one or two guys doing the heavy lifting on programming, a budget on their own dime, and they did not use a heavyweight engine will put Mac on the "barely give it a damn list" in my opinion.
C++ with Godot as the base after being modified to hell and back. [This is the targeted art style](https://www.artstation.com/artwork/8o2WQ) that we redesigned the renderer to work for. The problems it introduced was a massive use of transparency, which made Unreal engine hit a brick wall harder than a nose diving rocket propelled C130 carrying a MOAB. And of course overshading and quadrupled draw calls thanks to the use of shells. Godot uses a forward based rendering approach which solved a lot of problems, and we rewrote a majority of it for OGL 4.1/4.2 and Vulkan. 4.1 for iMacs as late as 2013 which are still in use. AZDO techniques we're used to reduce our models with multiple dynamic transparency shells into a single draw call which is the majority of our objects. Most of the code is custom fitted to the game and was an absolute nightmare to get it to 60fps on Nvidia and AMD (custom code paths for both vendors)
Yep. You mentioned your platform and that it was refreshing to restart. I mentioned my project and show my frustration on why I don't want to do it again because some OS wanted to be a special snowflake.
Informing it about your right to bear arms. It'll back off.
Better to love... Than not to love at all .... What no kiss?
If waiting longer means we need a fresher strat than stacking, dedicated healers, a Chrono, and banner slaves every fucking run, and no damage aura, I'll be fine with it.
Pubs forces it. You also need the healer or healing power and Regen on everyone, as the damage aura will eventually kill you.
A raid that fits better into Guildwars 2 design rather than feeling like it belongs to an MMO with holy Trinity. We have combo fields that almost never get used. Certain professions can do things others can not and it doesn't get leveraged. A lot of professions have high mobility. Warriors and guardians have skills that protects an entire group from projectiles. Jumping puzzles. CC that forcefully repositions shit. Environment mechanics. Mounts. Gliders. And all these other cool toys.. special damage mechanics. 3D level design across maps. The potential for classes being self sufficient allowing them to break up into teams of 2 to go handle a task and spend the majority of the raid separated and working together. And we're stuck with a very down to earth meta and a not so engaging loop. I was honestly hoping for the raids to be epic fights that put a players skill with his profession and team to the test. And I love all of the boss designs, and their mechanics. But again... They don't use most of what they implemented already. It feels like they could have made them unique but wanted to be safe.
Already have one with coworkers. Problem comes when certain departments get overwhelmed. Pubs don't like us when they see our shit.
Yeah. I guess that's the best way to put it.
What the actual fuck is this
I got how could this happen to me
And those biceps. This char will sink his teeth into em any day.
I REALLY fucking hope Anet adds this as NPC chatter, or a player dialogue option "The clothes. Lose em."
Jump before casting
Ever saw a resume written in comic sans?
I'm confused. Are you buying a dog?
Sprite black magic basically. The sprites are pillars that are raised or lowered.
I beat it in four tries. Make good use of your bombs. And always keep cover nearby. Also, get used to puddle hopping. When 3 starts spamming splash down stay near the corner of a wall and angle it in such a way where running around the corner will always protect you. A turf sweep is not a good idea. Only clear up lines so you don't chew. Through ink when you really need it.
Basically clear up some room so you can move around but your primary focus is agent 3, especially with how she moves around. If you are aggressive enough you will normally be in your own ink. Letting the fight last too long is a good way to get frustrated and drop the ball. As for puddle hopping, that is to leap out of the ink from squid form, spray either under yourself or ahead to create a puddle for you to land in and move. This is a good technicque to avoid her splash downs by rounding corners if there's too much ink, or out running the auto bombs. It's not a rough fight. The key thing you need to do is be incredibly aggressive.
&gt;Maybe your way's better though, if you truly did it in only four (?!?!) tries like you claim. It's a one on one fight, that I can do very well. Gurl power kicked my ass up and down the wall, and chewed through half of my credits. And I struggled on towers &gt;Maybe I seriously underestimated how badly the AI could be tripped up just by circling those little walls. I'm not terribly interested in testing that myself at this point though. Climbing walls also confuses it, and gives it hell when trying to hit you. At least 3 is not a counter strike bot. Nobody would be having fun.
*plays a few notes on a keyboard*
Just needs some monsters and I'll be out in the wild with an unusually big sword with my cat.
GPU vendor enumeration ( glGetString(int CONST) ). I need to checks for valid extensions as well as vendor to load the correct DLL and determine if the systems GPU meets the requirements to run. And while Windows is guilty of this. There's no questioning if they are going to delete the OGL API. Mac on the other hand did not state anything about this issue. And they are known for this. If I do release the game on Mac with OGL support, I need to worry if the game suddenly can't run because the API doesn't exist.
Let's hope that is the case
That is the one battle royale I will play. Holy shit that is interesting.
The choya is shy.
The actual problem isn't that it's a rip off of the game play. But that there is blatant code reuse which was noticed from a bug that was in FO shelter
60% of men taste their own spunk once
Bright side is... It's better than dying to malaria
Seeing roller races reminds me of the starwars racing game
You are bound to have sync points. However you can minimize them depending on your architecture. Currently my engine just uses actors, and most of the design is designed around minimum synchronization object use. These actors are merely proxies to their actual data which is stored separi in a database. The components are simply instances of code that are updated and modify their own code and others (I'll get to that in a bit.) The scripting language used is Lua and is where the magic happens. I've done some modding so its heavily integrated into the engine. But the main mod is that it's a threads VM with a shared read only global table. When objects are updated they are updated on different os threads as if they are coroutines. No synchronization primitives are exposed or used. If the actors script detects it's leaving the instance it yields the script, schedules the script it's entering and reschedules with a dependency marker. The way it does this while avoiding a mutex is by sending a PoD to the main threads lockless vector. The main thread which acts as the scheduler keeps track of threads and is responsible for giving threads coroutines to run. And it does so without synchronization as it is the only one allowed to watch threads and give data. A state system is also implementes to give the user more control over how threads enters the script. So the user can make a thread entering a function that's causing an actor to sleep for six seconds ignore the function till the original calling thread is done.
But It makes a good deal more money than most professions
The employer has 27 reviews and almost 5 stars. What the fuck.
Go to the junk yard and give him a nice rusty one.
There's an enemy behind you! Do a loop!
I know there's a giant butt plug called bombshell on the market. But Jesus dude... That's not the right one.
How was it an accident... It's a bombshell with the casing up his ass and well past the spincter. You can't fall on it and get that result
Patents are required to be very specific. Apple couldn't stop people from making a smartphone. They could only stop them from reproducing certain pieces of the tech, and more specifically how the tech functions. Just a touch screen wont fly. It will not hold up if say any metric. You must patent the system your software is using down to the dot of the 'i's. They are also designed to help share ideas. Initially anyways till you run into patent trolls. So it's not likely that they are trying to stop all games from using a PoTG. Just their specific method. If it was how you said. Most of the shit in the world would be owned by a handful of companies, and never see improvements
You can ride a goat
Bug type gym.. six level 100 metapods. Perfect IVs in def and special def.
A clear epoxy, glass sheet, or good plexi sheet would be a good idea... Otherwise the rough surface would make it very unfunctional
Multilinear functions. And No. I don't know what the fuck it wants. We're gonna need an Asian
Legless lizards are 90% tail. Snakes are just 100% nope
You should see what happens when a dog thinks you stole it's nose.
I wouldn't suggest jumping straight into c++ at that age. It's easy to shoot yourself in the foot and pick up some really bad habits. Not to mention getting into a jam for several hours to a week. C++ also isn't a language you want to use if you get impatient fast, or frustrated. Unity currently has plenty of great resources he can learn from at a pretty low price. I'd suggest starting him there and seeing if he's able to keep interest.
It's a lot of side projects and applying.
It's not the size of the dog that matters. It's the size of the fight in the dog. Quote from my football coach
NGYES?!
Move aside man who tosses cobras asside. It's man who feeds gators
Thing is, it's a kid who's dreaming and doesn't quite understand everything that goes into making a game. You give an 11 year old a known difficult language, that takes quite a bit of setup for certain common things and a lot of know how he's going to get disinterested fast. Unity is easy enough to learn and handles a lot of the hard work for you. So you can just make a game, and not worry about details or painting yourself into a corner and not knowing how to unfuck it As for the bad habbits. They are bad enough that they are hard for self taught programmers to unlearn because they've been doing it for years.
Fox saying "Bededah Bededah!" And the incredibly deep "GOOD LUCK" Both of the above ones being starfox. Then from baulders gate... "I serve the burning fist!" And lastly... The fucking cliffracers from Morrowind.
But what about jet pack cat
People were complaining about how mounts would let players skip content... which isn't entirely true. Even then, it's the individual's concern. Not the entire community. If a mount actually allowed someone to skip content, then who's fault would it actually be if the player knowingly used it to do so?
