Are you saying people see "Obama" and don't like it just for that title or that people see "affordable" and like it just for that title?
It's very difficult to answer that question. And I'll explain to you why that is. The GOP/Republicans/conservatives believe in a economic and societal system that they believe with benefit everyone, in the long run. But when you have the opposing side Democrats/liberals that are more likely to give out things now in hopes of fixing things (true difference of opinions lies on this effectiveness), it only makes sense it will entice people and thus very hard to take someone away from such a position. I personally don't consider myself GOP, but I lean conservative. So it's really hard for me to answer anymore deeply than that, but I'll add this as I want viewpoints on this. Let me explain one position I have that everyone hates, but I think it shows a long term benefit at the expense or removing something people currently love. Social Security. Benefits of Removal: - Increased income (6.2% and up to a potential of 6.2% more (12th.4% total) from employer as that is actually part of what you cost your employer.) And what do many poor people as well as middle class Americans "lose" a lot of their money? In loan interest. If a person had an extra 6.2+% in income it would help to reduce the amount of money they are throwing away into interest. Therefore it should save these people even more money. - Increased employment. That 6.2% cost to your employer means every employee cost them 6.2% more than what society is actually benefiting from. Less cost, could mean less unemployment. Or cheaper prices. Or if you believe this type of economic behavior won't happen, the money could be put toward something else, like universal health care. - Point, not benefit - Life expectancy. The life expectancy is shorter for those that are poor. A system that requires you to be 65 years old before you can benefit from it dispoportional hurts the poor. And if a person dies, these benefits are not passed on to family members. It's Regressive unless you can live long enough until it's not.
Include /r/politics in there too, and I completely agree.
"Playing the stock market" has benefit for more than just the individual. It is the purchase of stocks. Which a company sells to gain more income that they can use to invest in a multitude of things. When a company can show value by being successful, and people buy stocks to ride that success (while also helping the company), they can then raise stock prices. The investor can then pay more for often a less risky investment or pay less for a less known/starter business that they see future success in. Since capital gains is already at 23.8% for those making over $400,000 I would easily get behind setting it at 28% for 2 million plus.
A religious person will give you reasons (a sense of purpose, a desire of belonging, etc.), but those reasons won't resonant with the non-religious that don't accept them as "rational" reasons.
Why is a simple belief in God so stupid to you? What justification do you have against a spiritual figure that create the world and watches over us? You need justification or by your own logic you are stupid. And don't convolute my question of "God's existence" with the written word of the Bible or the actions of religious people. The "Bing bang" could be God's doing. Evolution could be God's doing. The bible could be just stories. Etc.. You say believing in God is unjustified, you tell me how the belief in not a God is? And yes, not believing in something is still having a belief that something is true (in this case that God doesn't exist).
He only pointed out things he thought made Rand Paul crazy with no explanation himself except shitty articles. And I'm not dismissing his points because they are opinions. I even addressed many of his points, so I have no idea how you think that's dismissive. I was just saying that many of these things are simply opinion on one side of the other. You can disagree with it, but many of them don't make a person "crazy". What are the "people being treated like shit" and "evil actions" you think Rand supports?
No it isn't. I think you'd be surprised on how many people are against mandatory vaccines. What system?, the one we have now where they aren't mandatory? The MASSIVE CONSENSUS is that the CO2 we produce effects the climate. Which Rand agrees with. What is the consensus on how much?
Would mind explaining what you find so wrong with him and the nation? I'm here for discussion.
Fuck I just told you if you wanted to give me some of your more important points I would address them while providing more detail and try to provide sources. I'm not going to comment on 20 things in a single post on my phone. What specific issues from that list would you like me to address? (and yes I'll hit everyone if you want, but I figured some are more important to you than others so I could save myself some time by not going into an issue you agree with me on or don't care about).
I can accept reasons. I can't accept plain opinions. In politics, if you have an opinion you should be able to explain WHY you have that opinion. That's what I'd like to know from you and what I wanted to share with you. But you seem to refuse to want to go into detail about these issues. I'm sorry I actually like to understand WHY you believe what you believe by explaining to you what I believe and why. That leaves it open for you to say "I disagree, I think this will actually do this" or "I hold this belief because this". Many positions are going to be idelogically different, so I understand that we will disagree even with understanding one another. By that's not an excuse to not discuss.
I'm sorry, but can someone tell me why you all are SO opposed to a 20-week ban on abortion (with no exception for rape on incest)? I mean, do you support it being legal that a woman can have an abortion the day before she is due to deliver? If yes, i guess I understand the principle behind your belief, but it still sounds bad to me. If no, where is your line and why isn't it at 20-weeks? (I support exceptions for health concerns, so please don't use that as reasoning)
As a conservative that enjoys bicycling, this upsets me. The proposed $25 tax on bicycles is acceptable to me. There is a gas tax to fund road maintenance for vehicles. Having a tax to fund the creation of bicycles lanes that bicycles use, seems fine to me. BUT to do this at the same time you are lowering funding for this maintenance/creation seems a bit dickish.
Of course they do. Do Democrats not understand that part of the of fear from Republicans of passing Obamacare in the first place was that it would be nearly impossible to get rid of? I'm sorry that I find that the government requiring their citizens to purchase something from a private company should not be allowed. But hey, let's continue the corrupt relationship between corporations and government.
&gt; For every taxpayer dollar spent on the University of Wisconsin-Madison, the university generates $24 for the state economy, according to a new consultant's report. Please explain to me how this is in anyway a statistic worth anything. So for every dollar increase we should see a $24 return? No, one can not assume that and it would be stupid to. What about for every dollar *decrease*? One can't assume we would lose the return in that instance either. Or do we, and just throw out logic?
It's CAPPED at $250M.
Thanks for the response especially as my original comment was a bit snarky. But let me rephrase my question, with some added questions. It seems you are using that statistic as a reason against decreasing funds to the UW-system. First off, are the hospitals and clinics you mentioned part of this fund? Or are they funded directly by the UW schools that would see decreases? (I'm having trouble understanding all the numbers.) Do we know how much UW-Madison will be specifically losing? I apologize for how I worded my original question. I would love if you could really help me in understanding this. Do you see decreases in education, as always a bad thing? Do you not think there is any waste in faculty postions or salaries? Or do you think money will just be shuffled around poorly even if we did this? I can see the positives universities can bring. Especially ones with such great research facilities (UW-Madison). But I don't believe more money (or in this case, less money) always requires there be changes in performance. It could just change effiency. I mean isn't there a multitude of studies that have said that our continued increase in educational spending haven't really done anything to improve education? And it's not just conservative sources saying this. I guess there are many other factors and such at play, but that's also the part of the reason why I have a hard time grasping the whole idea.
Fine, I can jump back into my condescending tone too. First off, your first link shows absolutely nothing about funding cuts. The graph doesn't mean that lower state revenue leads to higher tuition. I know enough about "math" to be able to comprehend a fucking statistical graph. The only thing that graph shows is that tuition revenue has increased at a faster rate than revenue from the state. (or its decreased at a slower rate than state revenue, but we know thats not the case). We would need either the actual numbers from those two points in time of either tution revenue or state revenue and then we could find out the other. But since we currently don't know either, the graph is fucking pointless to your point. Your inclusion of this graph puts doubt in my mind that you have any idea of what you are talking about. But I'll proceed. Your second link, I will need to time to look over. It is quite lengthy. &gt; Not the fact that the university system provides current research and benefits the economy as was explained at length? I expressed my agreement with you that there are benefits universities provide in my previous reply. I'm simply asking if a decrease in funding with reduce that benefit at a worse return. &gt; I can't put credence in some claim of a "multitude" of studies for which historically no data actually exists. There are tons of studies that show throwing money at education, doesn't correlate to a higher educational benefit. Many come from liberal sources, if you doubt a bias. I'm not saying there aren't other studies saying the opposite, but it makes me question what is truth. You seem to think you know what is truth, so I was hoping for a better explanation from you while providing some evidence. &gt; Is it really too hard to look at history and economics and math - at how hard this is making it for students? At how they go into life at a disadvantage without a job? Is it really too hard to look at history and economics and math and realize that subsidizing shit only increases prices? Thanks to the fucking student loan shit we gone through, tuition costs are through the roof. Increasing the perceived money supply, will raise costs. I'm sorry our government is incompetent. And again, I'm not saying any thing bad about the benefits of college. I'm asking if we can reduce some of the waste that fills the universities. You seem to think there is none. I disagree. &gt; I really don't believe it. Do you need to have the math explained? Or what happens to the individual student? What math? The state funding cuts come with a 2 year tuition freeze. That won't last, but it's an incentive to find cuts elsewhere in the meantime. &gt; Or the detriment to the State of Wisconsin or any other state? You're still just spreading fear about what will happen with nothing to back it up. I asked a question in hopes you would educate me, but you've been unable to do that. (possibly in lengthy link?) &gt; I'm not trying to be funny. We know that Scott Walker is trying to kill the university and I'm not about to play some "game" over it. Again, just bs talk. And again, your inability to comprehend that simple graph, shows that you have no idea what you are talking about.
It's the SHARE of funding by source. Notice how it equals 100% at both points in time. Lets say we just increased tution funding (income). The percentage for tution would increase and the percentage for state funding would decrease. WITH NO ACTUAL DECREASE IN THE AMOUNT OF STATE FUNDING. &gt; **Game Over** Seriously how old are you?
What math? There are no numbers included to do any math. My whole point was this diagram is stupid to use for your point. I started out asking you to EDUCATE me on this subject after I was a bit snarky in my first reply. Then you went on saying how this diagram is still good and expressed your opinion of further things. If you want to provide me with actual numbers, I'll try to learn from them. But you continue to just talk, expressed in your other reply to my previous comment which I'm just acknowledging in this comment instead of making a separate reply. And you seem to not factor in that those highly prestigious colleges that have more state funding also have some of the highest tution costs. Maybe not a a share of revenue, but overall cost. Which I'm much more concerned about than the ratio.
&gt; Good idea. Do you realize that for every $1 in state spending on U. Wisconsin, the state gets many times (more than 5 times) that back in economic value? Time to change for the good of the nation. No more "ideological" policy instead of solid economic policy, huh? Stop presenting statistics that have an agenda. Does this means that we can increase state spending by $1 trillion and it will make $5 trillion back in economic value? No, so it's a bs statistic to say it that way. Its presented that way to only make people thing spending is good, but it doesn't actually say anything about why or how or anything that's actually informative.
&gt; Find whatever flaws you want in them. Presenting an impossible edge case doesn't disprove what they say. I never said they were false or that we should ignore it. But that the PRESENTATION of the numbers makes people believe "more money = better outcome" But that isn't necessarily true. That's my point. We don't know what an increase would do and we don't know what a decrease would do as that statement doesn't actually provide that. It only explains what the current numbers are. But instead of saying "this much funding, this much benefit" it's presented as "this much funding will have this much benefit". So it's not a fair presentation of the data. &gt; While I could, at a more detailed level, using news articles, it is simple to show that when state budgets are cut, the choice has been to raise tuition which means it isn't "correlation" but "causation" I would rather emphasize a more mathematical and logical way of learning about it. I'll agree with you that it has been the trend. But it doesn't demand it. Its only the case because colleges are dealing with inelastic demand, so no shit that they will just increase prices when they are hit with lower revenue. But they could instead of raising prices, reduce costs. They current market doesn't favor this. BUT that is the reason why the Wisconsin state funding cut came with a tuition freeze. This forcing the colleges to actually make cuts else where. Will they still raise tuition after the freeze is over? Of course. They would have done that anyway. We need to work at reducing tuition. We also need to reduce the waste in colleges. The amount of money spent on faculty is outrageously high. You seem to think otherwise. That seems to be why we differ so widely on this. &gt; My "agenda" is simply to present straight forward facts and there is no "agenda" contained within the facts. Or the math or the statistics which are simple and straight forward. They are simply called evidence. If you can deal with the evidence fine. If you can't fine. If you've every studied statistics, you should know that they can be used to pretty much say anything. They mislead the public all the time with how they are presented. &gt; The "infinity" edge case. Not playing. Stop ignoring it. Its purpose is to ask you to JUSTIFY the funding. Not that current funding is doing well, but to EXPLAIN WHY an increase in funding will provide benefit and why that benefit doesn't (or does) continue with the increase in funding. What is the point of diminishing return? Are we at it currently, so funding shouldn't be increased? If not, WHY NOT? Are we already past it? We're we making $30 in benefit for every $1 instead of $24 when state funding was even lower? If not, WHY NOT (provide historical numbers that actualot back this up)? &gt; UW-Madison, UW Hospitals and Clinics and the university's affiliated organizations and startup companies together support 193,310 Wisconsin jobs and generate more than $847.5 million in state and local tax revenue, according to the new report. That's up from 128,146 jobs and $614 million in tax revenue the last time a similar study was done by the same consultant in 2011. This is missing your biggest variable. What was the AMOUNT OF STATE FUNDING at each of these points? You are saying more state funding provides these benefits. So why would you exclude what the amount of state funding was?
&gt; Population size wouldn't matter after all a larger population size means a larger tax base as well as a larger patient base, in theory they would balance out with the right taxation system. Well it would rely on if the outcomes of revenue from the tax payer and the costs of the hospital care would remain a constant ratio. So in theory you are right, but I don't really see it playing out that way for America. &gt; As far as health habits go, in the US we go to the doctors less because of costs so if that keeps up under single payer it would actually be cheaper. First, I don't see that remaining constant. Second, that doesn't really address my point. Our health habits (obesity, etc.) lead to more money being needed to be spent on health care. Even if we visit less, the procedures and care done cost more. But these were just small points of what I was discussing. And they were meant as things we need to consider, not necessarily things against any system.
HOW? In what way? This is where disagreements come. Can we stop circlejerking around the same statements and actually discuss WHAT specifically we want the new rules to be?
I still don't agree that he is wrong. It doesn't matter what "other first world countries" say. It matters what our Constitution says. And the "rights" that is gave us are not dependent on other people. They are "rights" that are protected, that say the government can not take away those rights. We are in a sense "born" with these rights. I understand how other people can have different definitions of the word right. But according to our Constitution as it is currently laid out, it doesn't seem to lend to the idea that health care is a right. And as Rand is a bit of a liberty/constitution freak, it's not at all opposed to his ideals. So I don't think you can say he is objectively wrong on this.
Please see my reply to the person that listed the SAME EXACT TWO POINTS that you brought up.
Sure, what you explain is what happens. When people become doctors they take their "Hippocratic oath" and they should understand that they are there to help people, not be concerned over losing money for the hospital as a whole. If such an institution started not obeying that "oath" then we could guess they wouldn't be around much longer. Rand's point is that it is still not a right. I don't think denying someone health care is denying their right to life (or anything else). Your right to life means that you have a right to live, such as to not be thrown into slavery or to be killed. This is a very ideological debate and I understand if people disagree with Rand or I on this. I just think rights are very personal things. And when you start relying on other people to fulfill them, they really aren't rights anymore. Should we strive to give health care to everyone that needs it? Of course. Does it need to be mandated or paid for by everyone except yourself to reach that end? I don't think it needs to be.
The ACA brought some nice things, but it also brings some bad, plus I think it's unconstitutional (the government/corporation tie). I have to admit I don't know much about foreign health care systems. Are their citizens required by law to have insurance? That would be the main reason why they have less uninsured. Can you share with me what the comparison numbers are? The mountains of debt problem is a health care cost problem. There are many things the government has done that has RAISED those costs. - Regulations (of course some are needed, but are all?) - Employer paid health care (this was actually the choice of businesses, BUT it was only done because the government set limits on what they could pay their employees) - this creates an artificial higher amount of disposable income, this leads to hospitals raising prices. - Demand-sided subsidies (ACA subsidies and when people can't pay the government pays instead) - Again, more money in the system then there actually is, allows for increased prices. There are many other ways to address these in a more free market approach. I'll just add that I support a free market when it comes to preventive care and a single payer system (basically insurance, but cheaper because no middle man) when it comes to curative care. Unlike Rand, I'm not against the government collecting the insurance money instead of insurance companies and paying it out. But there are things we need to be concerned about and many other ideas to consider.
Thanks for the reply. I'll have to take a look at the info you provided.
You're right. It certainly wasn't meant to be condescending (more a "please listen to my explanation of why I disagree"), but I understand how it could be taken negatively. There's not really any good way to disagree with someone (as anyone can take opposition negatively), especially replying to a perceived sarcastical comment.
Change the voting system. My preference would be Range Voting. (Rating candidate on a scale (not ranking)) But people will still want to be in their own group, that's just natural. It would be a slow transition from the two big parties to anything different. But a change of the voting system would help.
True. But I believe such a system could actually be agreed upon by our current government. And with the other changes we should see lower prices for preventive care. PLUS, Our current system still requires payments for ALL care (including preventive care) until you reach a certain dollar amount. That is basically what deductibles are meant to do, have the individual pay for preventive care. You don't start getting insurance until you spend a certain amount. This is still true under the ACA. So I'm not so much as "insisting people pay for preventive care", its just remains the same but with the benefit of lower prices. And this way, you get insurance (for the risk that curative care covers) at ANY time. You don't need to reach premium levels before you receive it. (the possible pitfall is if people use more preventive care than their current premium, but that doesn't really happen and it's priced to not make that happen). I'm removing the deductibles. You pay for what you use (again, at lower prices than they are now). And the premiums turn into taxes.
I prefer my own idea. Which I think has at least potential to get bipartisan support. Separate preventive care and curative care. Preventive care would be paid by the individual. Much like they are now because of deductibles. But instead of being REQUIRED to spend your deductible amount before you can receive actual insurance, you would get it at ANY time you need curative care. And the prices for preventive care would drop with other implementations to make hospitals COMPETE on prices. They didn't need to when preventive was tied with curative because an individual can't stop amount on price to fix something in an emergency, something covered under curative care. But we can shop around for preventive care services. Other things added such as requiring them to be up front with prices will add to the competiveness of the market. And curative care is what insurance is about. Insurance is meant to cover risk. There isn't any risk in preventive care. This curative care would be covered under a single payer system. Instead of individuals paying premiums, we pay taxes. There are many wrongs in the ACA. I don't believe that it's "the best we can do". It requires payment to private businesses. (something that should have been deemed illegal). It gave demand-sided subsidies. The purpose of doing that is to stimulate demand, so it was idiotic to implement it with health care as demand is already huge. It only has lead to higher prices.
What position of mine are you even arguing about? I'm getting the feeling I'm getting attacked for positions I don't even hold. Health Care - I support single payer for curative care, free makret/competition for preventive care. Get rid of deductibles, will help those with less money. Premiums are now taxes. &gt; Where as you only measure your cost against the poor while the vast middle class has become poor with regard to education. The 12.4% increase in income would help EVERYONE. I don't understand what you are trying to point out. &gt; No middle class student can afford it. They either go without and don't get a good job. Or they pay for it and go into debt. And that's why we need to continue to try and lower tuition and increase the amount of jobs available in our society. Again, are you trying to argue something? &gt; Why are those the only choices? And why does Grannie have to die in the street to change that? Granny doesn't have to die. Can you not comprehend what having more money when you are young can do to your lifetime income? You are just using rhetoric now. &gt; &gt;I don't care about that metric &gt; I do. And you said you did earlier before Grannie got blasted. No. I don't care about the metric of what PERCENTAGE of revenue comes from students and what percentage comes from state funding. I care about the ACTUAL amounts they pay. Do you not realise simply by increasing state funding you would get a lower percentage that Students are paying, BUT IT DOES NOTHING TO ACTUAL REDUCE THE COST TO THE STUDENT? That's why the metric is stupid by itself. It's used as rhetoric.
&gt; Nope. First, you're measuring that against people who never get out of the bracket. Second, it pays back. It's a regressive system until it's not. I didn't refute that. I just think it's cruel for the government to collect this tax and if you die at 60 years old go "welp, too bad for you, thanks for the free income though". I'd rather see people paying less loan interest and KEEPING their money instead of handing it off to other people when there is no guarantee you will get it back. &gt; Walker is destroying research education in Wisconsin even though it pays back at something better than 20 to 1. ANOTHER rhetoric statistical point that means nothing by itself. It is only a measure of CURRENT return. It doesn't say that increasing state revenue by $1 mil will increase economic benefit by $20 mil. And it also doesn't say decreasing state revenue by $1 mil will decrease benefit by $20 mil. Evidence of state funding decreasing actually contributing to even less economic return that the saved costs, would need to be provided. We can't ignore that there is certainly an amount of FIXED return in there. It isn't all variable. &gt; It's foolish not to care. No it isn't. I'm not going to waste my time on statistical rhetoric. I'd rather focus on the PROBLEM of COST not RATIO. &gt; It certainly would. Why would you think otherwise? YOU TELL ME HOW? Tell me how increasing state funding WILL reduce student tuition costs. What makes you think that universities will reduce tuition costs just because they got some extra revenue? They operate in a market with huge demand. There is no REASON for them to want to start reducing tuition. Please provide me with why they would.
&gt; It's never not. The whole system is regressive not counting social security. I thought we were talking about social security? At least that's what I was talking about. &gt; You'll see just how "rhetorical" that is... I see. Yes numbers that actually mean something. What are you arguing here? The rhetoric part is stating the ratio is a problem. &gt; In the mean time, there is a direct monetary inverse ratio between rising tuition and falling state funding. If you direct me to that one bs graph that shows the percentages of revenue of universities comparing state funding and tuition, I'm done trying to discuss logic with you. If you increase one, the PERCENTAGE of other will decrease. That's obvious. But that doesn't mean one CAUSES an ACTUAL change in the AMOUNT of the other. &gt; And the university says they'll either have to cut staff (some of who bring in research dollars from out of state) or they'll have to raise tuition. Article after article reads that way. So it's not just correlation either. Oh, the heads of the universities saying things to make people not want to support cutting funds, how surprising. We are going to disagree. I understand how there is very often waste in public businesses/universities. So a decrease in funding can just be to get rid of that waste. And factor in situations like Wisconsin where Walker would implement a TUITION FREEZE to make it so they couldn't just raise tuition, and you point isn't valid. But anyway, my point was that universities don't have an incentive to DECREASE tuition. They will always have incentive to increase it. But again if you want to provide me with evidence that education funding cuts HAVE decrease economic revenue/benefit, go ahead. The 20to1 doesn't do anything of that sort. It only uses current data. So yes, again, a useless statistic to your point.
Go back to /r/politics if you aren't going to be open to different viewpoints and instead want to continue to mischaracterize the opposition. Your sarcastical statement isn't going to get approval hera.
But Walker didn't say that scores went up, he said the ranking went up. They are (or should be) rating the factuality of his statement. So it's disingenious to use that to say it's a mostly false statement of something he didn't even say. Misleading? Sure. Not totally correct because we don't know if it was because of Act 10? Sure. But how can they rule what he said "Mostly False" when nothing he said can be proven false?
I'm not saying I support Scott Walkers statement. I'm saying PolitiFact is biased and therefore disingenious to what one would perceive to be an unbiased source on the FACTS surrounding politics. So to use your own example, they used the same "truthiness". I'm just calling out the other side of the BS as I know the BS from the other side will be called out here in /r/politics. It should have received a "Mostly True" rating while calling him out about implication. This is what is done with liberal statements of PolitiFact. If you follow their ratings at all, you'd see this is quite common.
&gt; If you have to use the word "technically" in your explanation, then you know it's BS. Possibly BS, but not False. That's my point. Nothing he said was false. How can you go around saying what Walker said is false? But fine. Lets ignore the partisan talk to see if I can drive the point across. A site like PolitiFact that doesn't just list the facts, but presents an OPINION at the end by placing what a political figure said into 6? categories is going to result in bias. It no longer is just about facts. There is too much INTERPRETATION at that point. And therefore will result in bias. The whole premise that they can PICK AND CHOOSE what "facts" are checked means they can deliver any message they want to. Such an example is the Sumpreme Court Justices. You'd think a group of 9 people that are suppose to rule on the constitutionality of a law should be able to agree 100% as the constitution is a firm document (facts). But no, they all have there different interpretations and bias that result in different votes. You can argue against there being a bias (favoring one side over the other), but there is no logical way you can say they are not disingenious. It's built into the way they operate. They may think they are being "honest", but what they are really doing is building up a false appearance of being honest. Their RATINGS can easily be biased. I've seen ratings of "mostly true" statements that that are literally false. I've seen jokes labeled as "false" (no shit). The ratings are not a factual statment. They make it seem they are. They are disingenious. **But let's get back to Walker. This statement followed his statement of "A lot of protesters at the time claimed that public education was going to fail". He then went onto to say the "proof is in the pudding". His proof is that we aren't failing. And the numbers (the pudding) back that up. He never once said "Act 10 is Improving education". LOOK AT THE QUOTE at the top. PolitiFact is a piece of shit. Look at where the quotation marks are. He NEVER said "Thanks to Act 10...". That is all the websites doing. They are disingenious and pieces of shit for it.**
This is what I get from the above speech. .People thought Act 10 would be a failure. .Listing some Act 10 changes. .Implies Act 10 is not a failure by providing improvements as proof. Even if you want to assume that Walker meant that Act 10 caused those improvements, you can't prove they didn't. PolitiFact even says that themselves. So how do they conclude "mostly false"?
If you want to make points in support of gay marriage and/or have a pro-life stand that's fine as there are many reasons to have those believes. But to call out those that oppose those two things as "opposed to freedom for women and gays" shows you are so close minded that you are coming across as a bigot. Let me explain what the other side sees. First, let me say I support gay marriage and abortion up to 20-24 weeks (viability), with exception for health after that. The 20 week ban is perfectly in line with Roe vs. Wade. Onto the other side. Gay Marriage. Rand believes Marriage is a religious bond. This doesn't do anything for me even though I'm religious. I think God can tell the difference between state marriages and religious marriages. So I can assume we agree on this part. He also thinks that according to the constitution, Marriage is to be left up to the states. Now I've been looking at the constitutionality of gay marriage for quite awhile now and I don't know how the Supreme Court should rule. I have yet to hear a convincing argument that says the Supreme Court can make states provide marriage to gay couples. I'm not saying that we shouldn't move to an amendment of some sort, but currently, what from the constitution makes the case for Federal gay marriage? I would appreciate if you could make your case for me. Rand also would rather have government get out of marriage all together and instead replace it with civil unions for all, including gays. But since that's not a feasible outcome, Rand does need to provide more for the current situation. Abortion. When does life begin? Is it the freedom of the woman to have an abortion at 8 months 29 days? Your definition says yes. It is the choice of the woman after all. Most people, even those that are "pro-choice" would disagree. Rand has been a little all over the place on this issue. So I'm not going to try and pin point his beliefs. But would you like to define yours a bit more?
I'd rather we just eliminate it. History. It was a completely different system back then and was used as a recovery tool after the Great Depression. Tax rates were lower. Payouts were higher. Many more people paying into it than were benefiting from it. More Income. Imagine a 12.4% increase in your income (slightly less because of taxes). That could help pay for things that require money now for a better return in the future. This includes education as well as less potential loan interest (which is just wasting money). And these things can lead to even more money being made, HELPING the poor and middle class. Age. The poor have a lower life expectancy in average. Social Security is a regressive system unless you live long enough to make it progressive. If you die before retirement, all that money you "invested/saved up" goes to waste. None of it goes to your family. It's a system where the government takes 12.4% of your income, with the assumption that you will receive benefits if you live to retirement age. There is risk involved in that, but a risk apparently people seem to ignore and certainly isn't factored into any decision making because there is no decision to be made in a mandatory system. Government. They are not required to pay anything out, the law specifically says this. They are allowed to change it in anyway they want, it is simply a tax in the eyes of the law. Why is a system that requires constant increases in age requirements, tax rates, and payment limits to be sustainable something we should rely on?
&gt; But also the fact that this would raise taxes on the middle class by up to $630 a year. How? Because of your third quintile data comparing 13.7% to 14.5%? You're either trying to be dishonest or need to brush up on some math. You are using 13.7% as an effective rate. But the effective rate for those in that third quintile is not 14.5%. It would be much closer to 5% on a $75,000 income because of the 50,000 exemption. I'd agree with your point if the exemption level or tax rate amount lead to the middle class paying more (they certain get the least amount of benefit from switching to a flat tax system), but I don't see the actually increase in taxes you say they would receive.
What burden? It reduces taxes for ALL (at least with assumption right now with no further information on exemption amount for not a family of 4). Why does the burden shift instead of just being able to be reduced? The budget would be cut by about 2 trillion over the next decade. That translates to about a 5% cut. Not 90%.
&gt; Or maybe we should raise the minimum wage, do things to incentivize businesses to raise median wages from their 30-year stagnation, and otherwise programs and plans to actually help the middle and lower classes? Okay. Eliminating the 6.2% that employers pay on your behalf (which is really part of your paycheck as it's factored into what you cost the business) would be an incentive. Reducing corporate taxes would be an incentive. And then yes, I'd be all for raising the minimum wage. What are you arguing here? &gt; Or maybe we should do something to raise their life expectancies, like implement a robust universal healthcare system, including programs to promote pubic health, e.g. Anti-obesity programs? Okay. I support universal health care for curative care (need to determine tax rates and price limits though) (Preventive care which can be made competitive, it is left to be market driven.). Part of the reason why Social security should be eliminated is to help pay for universal health care. What programs (and how much money) would make up the promotion of public health? I feel we should all be able to grasp the fact the being obese isn't healthy already. But again, what is your argument against Social Security elimination here? &gt; If you have problems with social security being regressive and unsustainable, maybe we should remove the cap that exists on income (~$106,000 last time I checked) and tax capital gains and other forms of income to support the system? Or we could just get rid of it. You aren't even countering my position for less taxes. You are just providing alternatives that involve more taxes. &gt; Or maybe a should prohibit politicians from stealing money from the social security fund to pay for other insolvent programs? If they stopped using the fund as a piggy bank, it would be solvent for a far longer time than in the current system. They didn't steal anything from it. They borrowed. All the money that was put into it has been accounted for and paid back out for how much should have been paid out. And you are simply pointing out an overuse of power from the government of a system that I want to eliminate. How is that an argument against my position?
It would actually be 4.5 million on 11 million income. The math above only factored for 10M not 11M.
Kind of sucks though that his employer values him at 11 million but he only gets 6.5 million.
Still no info on what is to be cut. Without that info, how do you know it burdens the middle class? We can reevaltuate the effect on the middle class when that info is revealed. I basically agree with you though. A flat tax does effect the middle class more negatively in comparison to the poor or the rich. We have here with Rand's plan a tax system with two brackets, $0-$50,000 and $50,001+. I'm in favor of more brackets (implement a logramithic scale), not less. But I see other benefits from this plan such as reducing tax breaks that make me consider it at least until more info it available.
Of course. But they are paying 11M. That is what they are willing to pay for you to be an employee. Therefore it is what your true value stands at, at least in the eyes of the employer. Most people think in terms of pre-tax income. Get a raise from $8.00 to $9.00 and most people will see a dollar raise. But depending on taxes it's more likely about an $0.80 raise. Its hard to factor in all the different taxes (income, payroll, etc.) as well as potential deductions to come. But the fact is that you aren't receiving the amount at which you employer values you. The truth is that you value (or you are at least content with the payment to take/keep the job) yourself less than what your employer values you at. That is why there is a disconnect between the employees currently not thinking they get paid enough, and the employer thinking they are paying out fine. It can also come down to greed, but this disconnect is a big part of the problem of perceived "low wages". I'm sorry that mentioning this fact gets me downvoted. Let me back in the circle jerk. "We hate rich people... money people give them in exchange for services, they don't deserve to keep"
Oh my god. That is what our system is like now. It's just has narrower brackets. We only need to focus on the effective tax rate as that is the only thing that actually applies. And that changes in our current system as well as Rand's. Your effective tax rate (the tax rate you pay one your income) will be less for the person making 51I than the person making 500k. You either don't understand effective tax rates or you are ignoring it to push an opinion that doesn't even make any sense because it is effective tax that matters.
They are aware of it, I'm not saying they aren't. I'd proposition that it's silly that employees to be unaware of the fact that they'd be making more income if their taxes were lower. There is a disconnect. That's a reality. And therefore I labeled it a fact. Its not a "take" on the issue. Many people aren't aware of it and can't think from the employer's perspective and it has created more animosity than there should be. Not that it should be removed, but it would certainly help the situation if we had a bit more understanding of the perspectives.
Exactly!! And that's what Rands plan does too!! Because of the exclusion of the first $50,000, it means it is NOT a straight flat tax. It is not one tax rate, but TWO. They are 0% from $0 - $50,000 and 14.5% from $50,001 and above. You were arguing that his plan isn't progressive. IT IS. Because of the two tax rates. Because it ISN'T a straight flat tax.
Oh aren't *you* an edgy 16 year old that can make sexual innuendo jokes. This is a discussion about his current plan. You were wrong, so you deflected. Glad I could help inform.
Why? I don't really think there is a "correct" answer to that. Just like our current tax rates brackets don't have a great reasoning behind them. I've really considered the continous function also. I think logramithic formulas have potential for use. Do you have any specific numbers you'd like to see? But it would obviously run into the same "why?" reasoning problem of how the rates are actually determined.
I'm in the same boat. Those are my three, at least for now. But why do you think these 3 are options together? I see Rand and Kasich as sharing some things, but I have a hard time being able to say why Walker is also in there.
Did you account for payroll tax? Rand's plan has them as part of the 14.5%. Therefore you should include it with the evaluation of our current system if you are going to compare them equally. I still don't understand how you got the math for why the middle class 40,000-100,000 pays more. I know that flat taxes seem to effect the middle class worse as we move from our current system, but how is it paying more tax? And his plan is not flat, see exemption, and therefore is still progressive. Its less progressive than our current system, but that doesn't make it regressive like you are saying it is. It seems you put a lot of work into this, but there isn't anything you have said that makes me think you are correct.
&gt; he doesn't think there should be any protected classes and that a business should be free to discriminate if it wants to. Yes, exactly. Why are we free to discriminate based on attractiveness, but not race? Why are we free to discriminate based on sex, but not nationality? Why are we free to discriminate based on age, but not religion? Why are we free to discriminate based on appearance, but not skin color? Just because we had shit laws (Jim Crow) that MANDATED discrimination right before the passage of the Civil Right Act, didn't mean the government had to pass laws to MANDATE no discrimination (on certain classes), just because they knew they screwed up so bad. &gt; you tell me, you brought it up. I brought it up because people think he's a racist for not wanting race to be a protected class. But we aren't calling everyone a sexist for not wanting sex to be a protected class. We aren't. That's my point. It's a bullshit stance to label him as such for that reason.
&gt; Having grown up in rural Texas I have a pretty good idea of how many racists we still have, it's a lot. I don't know what you experience (and I don't want to appear like I do), but I'd just like to point out that there is a difference between people seeming to be racist (saying racist remarks around white friends, etc.) and actually participating in racist/discriminatory behavior (banning them from stores, yelling racist remarks to a specific person that are more that just name calling, etc.). &gt; You're right that we can't actually legislate beliefs, but I suspect that those who were discriminated against prefer buying groceries from someone with a scowl than not being able to enter the grocery store at all. And I totally understand this viewpoint. I just think as a society we could take care of situations like this, instead of the government mandating it. We as a society are not just a small town community, we are all connected to a much larger national society. When a small injustice happens in a small town, there is a reaction at the national level. There are plenty of examples that prove this. We can still be against the action and demand change, even if we think it should be legal to do.
There is too much flaw in STV (ranking). I personally favor Range Voting or for simplicity sake Approval Voting. But yes, we need change to the voting system.
A child has a right to not be raped, it's an infringement one their liberty. Being denied service that requires another person's actions does not infringe on your liberty. They aren't similar in the slightest.
Comprehend much? It says... &gt; The Congressional Budget Office announced on Monday that the Affordable Care Act will cost $142 billion, or 11 percent, less over the next 10 years, **compared to what the agency had projected in January.** So it's costing less than what they projected it would with the ACA. That doesn't mean its been cheaper than without the ACA. It also says... &gt; Between 1998 and 2005, spending on health care increased by an average of 5 percent per year, adjusting for inflation and demographics. That figure fell to 1.8 percent per year for the period from 2006 to 2013, the latest year for which data are available. So it appears the rates were decreasing before the ACA. Possibly due to the Recession? Not that the ACA has caused these decreases rates? None of this is evidence. None of this is actual numbers. Its just factual information that you are interpreting to mean something when it doesn't even say what you think it does.
Haha haha. Read the other response you got to this. If you for an instant want to use that Mother Jones article as a source for your views when it 100% lies, I can discredit your whole opinion. That article says there are no deductions. FALSE. Home loan and charity. The article says everyone pays the same rate. FALSE. Because of the exemption ($15,000 for filed, $5,000 for each dependent, ($50,000 for a family of 4)), the effective tax rate is different depending on your income. Maybe YOU should understand what you are opposing.
That 15 million number should be ignored completely as it assumes no spending cuts. But Rand's plan comes with spending cuts (not yet specified). So it's just dishonest bullshit to say what the plan would do when you don't even take in all the things that are part of the plan. From Rand's side I believe I've heard it's 3 trillion with static accounting, and 1 trillion with this other type of accounting I forgot the name of. It seems he picked the middle. I'm not certain on this, but I know the 15 trillion number is bullshit.
&gt; I also saw that labor costs would not be an "allowable expense" which makes me think of two things: First: Fuck you, Rand Paul. I see it as pretty indicative of his attitude towards us lowly wage slaves. And second: It will bankrupt any corporation where labor is a major cost. Rand's plan REMOVES payroll taxes. Do you know what payroll taxes are? They are taxes on labor. Why are you all of a sudden upset at this? All his plan does is replace the 15.3% in payroll taxes with a 14.5% tax on that labor.
What was I wrong about? Rand's plan isn't a flat tax. Please consider what is actually in his proposal and not judge it purely on a name. &gt; Do you see any of those flat tax proposals arguing for 22 percent or greater? You seem to be against it for the simple fact that it decreases income tax on the wealthy, even if it decreases taxes for everyone else too. That's a fair stance. But don't pretend you know more about the law than you do.
&gt; We are looking at all of this from the business perspective. Holy shit, I know. Stop trying to explain corporate taxes to me, I know how they work. PAYROLL TAXES ARE TAXES ON LABOR. Payroll taxes are a BUSINESS expense. CURRENTLY BUSINESSES pay payroll taxes on labor. Because they do this, they are not taxed on labor through corporate taxes. UNDER RAND'S PLAN businesses would pay corporate tax on the labor INSTEAD of paying payroll taxes. BECAUSE PAYROLL TAXES ARE JUST SIMPLY TAXES. &gt; Has absolutely, positively nothing to do with payroll taxes Yes it does. Its a cost effecting the business. Its a TAX ON LABOR, the exact thing you are discussing.
I see waste in government spending. I see waste in the military. "Wars" that aren't accomplishing anything. Foreign Aid to countries that hate us. I see waste in education. Government funding has NOT been spent on improving education (has our education been improving? No.). It's instead spent on ammenities to attract people to universites that don't have anything to do with education. Plus the whole student loan fiasco that only helped to raise tution costs. I see waste in health care. Demand side subsidies are a waste when demand is already sky high and will only raise prices because of the perceived higher amount of disposable income. I see waste in government employees/jobs themselves. I see waste in our policing/prisons. The war on drugs. If you think government is efficient, you are delusional.
&gt; They are not looking to find that sweet spot a private company looks for , when profits are maxed and service is as little as you can get away with. Businesses care about what they spend money on. They try to remain as efficient as possible. Government does not care, because it is not their money. They can always get more, so they don't have an incentive to be efficient. &gt; Like cable and internet companies, they will cheat you over and over., while slashing customer service. That is because service does not increase profits. Because their oligopoly ability, given to them by the government, allows them to not have to compete. But the fact is that they have a business involving infrastructure (cable lines) so the "free market" doesn't work for such a system anyway. Our government gave these companies tons of money to upgrade the infrastructure, and they just blew it on something else. And the government, didn't care. That's waste.
&gt; So you think cable companies are efficient? No. I thought I just explained why they don't have to be. They are oligopolies. &gt; You think energy companies are too. I truly don't know enough about these to comment. I know the government sets restrictions on them to try and make them efficient. &gt; You think defense contractors are ? No. I thought I stated how wasteful they are. The military industrial complex is ridiculous. You are just making up what my opinions are. Even when it seems we would agree on certain things. I don't know what you are arguing against at this point.
&gt; Because the payroll tax is a deducted expense. Actually it's a tax credit. AND the cost of labor is an allowable expense. But it's the payroll tax cost that is a deductible expense. Meaning that you still PAY the payroll tax, you just aren't TAXED on the payroll tax expense. ...because it's already a tax. You're not going to tax a tax or tax something that was just taxed. &gt; And that is why we wind up with Paul's tax blasting a gajillion dollar sucking chest wound of a deficit into the budget. Because he wants to slash tax rates. He's matching the tax revenue with spending cuts. Still curious to know what those are as he hasn't revealed them yet. But I don't know why you are using the argument of adding a deficit to the budget, when he's said he doesn't plan to do that. All I've read is that this would HELP businesses, I've seen a projected 5% lower taxes paid. And that it lowers taxes FOR ALL. I still don't see your opposition to this plan. There certainly are reasons, such as if you want the government to have more funds, but that's not what you are presenting.
&gt; I dunno why you are surprised. I'm not surprised. I'm awaiting more details to make a more informed decision. &gt; First of all flat taxes are horrible. First of all, it's not a flat tax. &gt; Second of all it will brutalize labor intensive companies with low profit margins (ie, all of them) The only reason it works is because his rate of 14.5% is ludicrously, artificially low. I have yet to understand what you mean by this. My calculations don't show that. And what makes 14.5% artifically low? Yes, it would demand steep spending cuts. So yes it's unrealistic for it to pass with our current politicians. But that doesn't mean it's a bad plan. &gt; And lastly it is pretty much a gigantic ass fucking to poor W2 filing middle class wage slaves. How?
So that includes the 25 states that prohibit cousin marriage, right? And every person that supports that prohibition?
&gt; Only someone miserable with their own shitty life would try and deny 2 other people from getting married I was replying to your comment, not this post. &gt; My state does allow cousin marriage if you really want to do that though. What is your point here? Was gay marriage fine when it was left to the states? It appears not for you. So why should cousin marriage? And no I don't want to participate is cousin marriage. I'm just trying to stick up for a group that may be under represented, just like what happened for gay marriage.
What about cousin marriage then? Or equal marriagible age (18 in 48 states, but not 2)?
Sex has nothing to do with marriage. I thought that was established reasoning why the defense "marriage is for procreation, so no to gay marriage" is bullshit. What if the cousin couple is sterile? What if they are gay? Incest is illegal, on a STATE basis (it's not illegal in every state). Just like the cousin marriage restriction. JUST LIKE gay marriage just was before this ruling. What rational was giving in this ruling for ruling the way they did, that would go against cousin marriage if brought before the courts? That is the question we are dealing with.
According to this Supreme Court ruling addressing the bans on gay marriage, it seems like cousin marriage should be legal everywhere. I'm not saying it shouldn't be. I'm just trying to understand how the 14th amendment can be applied. In such a ruling where "equal under the law" seemed to be a big part of the reasoning for the ruling, I have a hard time grasping what "equal under the law" means. Because we are either doing a ton of illegal things that haven't been treated equally under the law or the law doesn't actually mean what we may percieve it to mean and that this current ruling may not be correct from judging it with the Constitution.
&gt; That gender and sexual orientation are not things that should dictate if people can share marriage bond. That's your summary. That's not what seemed to be said in the reasoning behind the ruling. And it seemed the 14th amendment was used for the ruling. Equal under the law. Why just pick gender and sexual orietation as characteristics that are safe? Why not blood relation?
&gt; It wouldn't be separate, it's an illegal activity based on their relationship to one another. Marriage, no matter how you define it, is based on the a relationship between two parties. The legality of that relationship is called in to question by getting married. The relationship is not illegal. Sexual intercourse/penetration is. There is a difference between cousins having a relationship and cousins participating in incest. One is legal while the other isn't. The RELATIONSHIP is legal. Therefore because marriage is a relationship between two parties (your own words), a cousin marriage should be legal also as their relationship is completely legal. Sexual intercourse is not a requirement for having a relationship or getting married.
&gt; This isn't clear cut and don't pretend it is. Yes it is. Look at the state laws. &gt; No it is not. That is the problem, you need to establish what kind of relationship this is between the cousins and rule out sexuality. Them saying they won't doesn't make it true. The burden of proof in on the government. Just because two people MIGHT perform an illegal activity because of certain other actions, doesn't make what they are doing is illegal. They DON'T have to say if they will or not participate in intercourse. That's part of our freedom and liberty that the constitution was actually founded on. Just like if you buy a gun you don't have to say what you are going to use it for yet it's legal to get even though getting a gun is one step closer to commiting an illegal action of shooting an innocent person (at least with your rational). &gt; In effect, marriage is evidence for a crime. That's just plain ridiculous. The law shouldn't just start ASSUMING people are going to commit illegal acts and shouldnt start limiting legal actions simply because they MAY lead to illegal activities. Welcome to your new police state if you think otherwise.
Comment was long, so I only skimmed it. But is that bold statement the actually decision? Are blood related marriages legal now? Or how are those addressed?
&gt; available to everyone. So would there be reasoning for why blood related couples can't get married if brought before the Supreme Court?
Since we currently have women only gyms, I dont see why we shouldn't also allow that.
I'm not defending the "party", I don't know their stance. I'm asking you to defend why " the party of white-only pools" is meant to be derogatory.
A common argument. And something we as a national society should address. And as a national society I think we can address problems like this. Look at the one pizza place that simply told a reporter they wouldn't cater gay weddings (they would still serve gay people). Look at the reaction to finding that out. Threats were made. I think we as a society can react. True change comes and stays more often from societal pressure, rather than authoritarian/governmental pressure.
You were basically saying that the libertarian party is not an advocate of rights because they are in favor of white only pools. I'm asking you to defend that stance. You don't seem to want to try and have a discussion. That's fine.
Well that's how it is now...a lot... (recent example. Confederate Flag. Government didn't ban it, but businesses are not selling it because of public outrage) ... But no. I'd rather have a society that allows someone to provide a service that they themselves produce to anyone of their choosing. And if that person chose not to provide their services to a certain type of people, that another person or a nation or people would jump in to provide that person with a similar service. I don't think "threats" are necessary to shame people or to even just ignore them and provide the service to those that weren't getting it. The people that actual gave money to that one pizza shop were doing it because they thought the outrage was outrageous. I think there are much calmer and more effective ways of making change than what we currently do.
&gt; The costs are coming in below projections. That doesn't matter. It matters if actual costs are increasing. They are. &gt; What's the problem with the rest of it? Mandate. I actually support some system of universal health care, but I'm against the current mandate. The problem is that the government has required it's citizens to purchase something from a private business. That should seem wrong to everyone. Subsidies. Demand sided subsidies, which is what these are, are meant to increase demand. But demand for health care (insurance) is all ready sky high and ineleastic. So it's idiotic to apply demand sided subsidies to this system as it's not accomplishing its goal and only raises costs as *percieved* disposable income seems to increase (as the government is adding funds), but what the market can bare is actually quite less. (Look at tution and student loans as an example) Exchanges. Not sure what the other commenter is getting at with this. Anything that opens up the ability for consumers to shop around and compare prices will be what actually helps health care costs to come down.
&gt; Yes it does. He's using "effective rate", which is the rate you pay when you combine the percentages paid for income + payroll taxes. No it doesn't. The effective tax rate he is using is for INCOME taxes. That's all it addresses. Payroll taxes are seperate. How is the effective tax rate under 1% for some when payroll itself is 7.65%? &gt; And under the Paul plan, payroll taxes get taken out of the corporate VAT returns, which means that basically, everyone pays 14.5% more for all their consumption needs. This is what I'm not understanding. Can you describe just this better for me? I understand if you ADDED this VAT that this would happen. But I don't understand how REPLACING our current corporate tax system and payroll taxes with this VAT creates a 14.5%. How does eliminating some taxes and adding 14.5% taxes create a 14.5% increase? That just doesn't make sense. &gt; Progressive taxation has a definition, it is a tax in which the tax rate increases as the taxable amount increases, how does that happen with this plan? Rand's plan has two tax brackets. 0% for $0 to $15,000. And 14.5% for $15,000+. This creates an effective tax rate that continues to increase as income rises. JUST LIKE OUR SYSTEM NOW. It just doesn't have as many brackets and isn't as progressive. Our current system stops at a certain point. Of we can call the system we have now a progressive tax system, then so is Rand's. &gt; They aren't, you should consult the link I sent to you, and realize it is comparing effective rates, you'll note people from $40,000 - $100,000 income levels end up paying a higher effective rate under the Paul plan. And you should consult the logic that this does not consider payroll taxes or any other changes like I mentioned again and again. It only considers income tax. And even if I'm somehow wrong, you should see what he said the deduction was. $25,000. That's wrong. Therefore all his numbers are wrong beyond $15,000. &gt; Uh, Forbes, the news, Rand's unscored tax plan returns about $280-$300 Billion less in revenue than current returns. And he has proposed cuts, yet to be revealed. &gt; Rand wants to increase military spending by $76 Billion, Please provide me the evidence that this is proposed with his tax plan. Yes he proposed those increase recently. He's also had proposed budgets in the past with DECREASES in military spending. So I'll wait for the actually plan, thank you.
&gt; On net the ACA *reduces* the budget deficit. By costs I meant the parts of the bill that cost money, they're still offset by taxes and a reformed reimbursement system. I'm not quite sure what this means. How is a system that requires more government spending reducing the budget deficit by itself? &gt; Nothing is wrong in a vacuum and there's no free lunch. If you want universal healthcare how are you going to do it without a mandate or exploding costs? I'm against the mandate of the government requiring purchase from a private company. Seems corporatism like. I'm not against the government having their own mandate though. Exploding costs can be controlled with restriction on supply sided subsidies (which aren't meant to increase price) and instead help fund hospitals to offer things and more competitive prices. Or we can remove restrictions to increase competion. Although this is where you need to separate curative care (inelastic demand, therefore high costs that must be restricted through a universal health care system) and preventive care (elastic demand, allows people to shop around and make hospitals compete on price while requiring them to be more open about prices). &gt; Not to mention, there's no real requirement to buy insurance. All there is is a tax penalty for not buying it. I'm sorry, but that's a requirement in my book. &gt; What do you think the goal is? Many people cannot afford insurance, the subsidies help them out. I think the goal was to make health care payments lower for the poor. And yes, this accomplishes that. But I think the goal should have been to actually make health less expensive, for everyone. The prices are still higher, it's just that the government is picking up part of the check now. So from an individual's perspective, some are paying less, but we as a society are paying more. Which I find stupid and I believe people are either too short sighted or conceited if they don't see that. &gt; I don't know what you mean by the demand for insurance being sky-high and inelastic -- if there are still millions of people who are uninsured while desiring to be insured demand can't be that high or inelastic. But that demand has always existed. They just can't afford it. Which means that supply isn't meeting demand. That's what happens in a recession. Supply isn't meeting demand (hospitals/insurers arent lowering prices because it's purely not worth it for them to do so.) Our government saw this and decided to try and raise demand to meet supply. But this only allows hospitals to continue to raise prices as they now have a new (very likely unlimited) new source of disposable income. Demand didn't even rise, only disposable income (which also has the effects of increasing price) did. This is the wrong move. What needs to happen if for supply to move to where demand is. This means more funds to the hospitals themselves (most likely with price control restrictions), trying to increase the supply of doctors, lower restrictions on certain areas, increase competition, or any of the things that usually help to increase supply.
Sorry, I usually use the word fetus, but stuck with the word zygote as you were using it and wasn't really thinking. I understand the distinction. Does anyone have the right to your services? Can you be required to provide services to anyone without your consent? It seems in current law the answer is yes. How is someone requiring use of your body different than someone requiring use of your body to perform services? Your child has a right to your services. You must provide for them. Not doing so, would be illegal. At the very least, you must bring them legally to an adoption center. That's still a requirement from you. You can't just abandon them. And you can't just kill them because they are leeching onto your services. Question: So do you support a woman having an abortion up to the day before birth? If the fetus is still leeching onto the woman and not yet a separate body, it would seem you do. How do you defend that viewpoint? If you don't hold that belief, why not? I favor a 20 week ban (with health exceptions). And it helps to address what you are trying to say. But I can see the rational from the other perspective too.
Think about how many people right now are against Consanguineous (blood related) Marriage. Look at the mental gymastics the majority of people pull to defend how that should be illegal. And like you said, sex/procreation has nothing to do with marriage. So why deny two people of blood relation from getting married?
&gt; No, I don't think anyone has the right to my services. What law are you thinking of that does? Well, many from the government. The Draft (Selective Service). (yes still a requirement). Jury Duty. File taxes. Etc.. And the one I was referring to, the requirement to avoid child neglect/abuse. So actions And services are required for avoidance. &gt; Additionally, there's a huge difference between right to services and right to take a piece of my body. Show me one example when someone else's right to life supersedes your right to make decisions about who accesses your body and how. I'm not sure exactly what you are asking here. But since it's illegal to kill yourself and illegal to ask someone else, even a doctor to kill yourself for you, it's legally apparent you don't have a 100% right to your own body. &gt; ...So why does the fetus have a right to take my blood without my consent? Because that's how children are born. That's how the process works. You don't have a right to kill yourself. Why should you have the right to kill the living thing YOU CREATED that is only taking its NATURAL PROGRESSION to obtain life? The fetus isn't a blood sucking leech, it's how life is created. Its how you were created. Its a system that is perfectly reasonably (for some people) for the government to have some control over. They have an obligation to protect life. You may not agree that it's a life and that's fine, I'm only simply trying to dismiss this lame analogy. As it continues to associate an organ with a fetus which is already not acceptable. And tries to paint a fetus as something attacking your system, when it is simply under natural actions. &gt; Yes, I do. Okay. That's fine. It holds true with your belief. You are just in the minority then, as many pro-choice people still favor some restrictions. &gt; What is special about a 20 week old fetus that it gets to violate its mother's rights? Especially when we go back and consider that a newborn would not be able to. What makes that 20-40 week fetus special? Umm, viability. THE ACTUAL SUPREME COURT RULING OF ROE VS WADE THAT DISCUSSES IT. It specified 24 weeks, but it has continued to decrease as technogoly has increased. WHERE THEY AFFIRMED THAT A PERSON HAS A RIGHT TO AN ABORTION UNTIL VIABILITY.
What about two cousins that are men getting married? Why can't they? No chance of procreating there. Why is it illegal? What about sterile cousin couples? What about the cousin couple's that don't to have sex, but love one another and want to proclaim that love with the state? But again, why restrict marriage simply because of the possibility of incest? There is already the possibility of incest. People can participate in incest now. Why is the state recognition of their bond suddenly going to flood the world in incest?
I disagree. I believe citizens should have to right to petition their government. And that includes being able to put as much as their funds as they wish into a political message, even when it's in support of a specific candidate that supports their views and can further implement them. But I'd support overturning citizens United for the goal of removing corporations as "associations" that are being granted that same speech as individuals.
I've read the ruling. I disagree with their rationale. Corporations should not be seen as associations for this purpose. Corporations are a CONSTRUCT. We created them, we can define them. The Constitution protects freedom speech of associations, because they are simply a group of individuals with a shared goal. SHARED GOAL. The general funds raised by a corporation were not given to the corporation for a shared goal. They were just purchasing a product or service. My problem is with corporations, not associations or other groups. I believe there to be a difference. But yes, this was somewhat discussed in the case. Brought up by the problem of a "Media" corporation. This is how I see it. A media corporation's "service" is speech. And any money raised by such a corporation is money that is in support of the speech they are producing. Therefore media corporations would be able to use money for their service, which is speech. They just simply can't use general funds on something political outside their business, such as giving money to a super PAC. But to address your questions/comments... How is what I said contradictory? I fully support Citizens United being allowed to show the video. I am just against their reasoning and what they've allowed by their ruling. Basically the removal of the "general funds" limitation of corporations. It wouldn't interfere with the 1st Amendment at all. And like I said, associations are fine to form. I just believe corporations aren't "associations". Corporation owners and emoyees would be free to donate to super PACs with their own individual funds as much as they want. Heck, a corporation owner could simply pay himself a ton to donate politically from his own individual funds. But I'd like to see that be the case. Instead of coming straight from corporations and then avoiding the disclosure requirement by listing their corporation a certain way (which is another problem with the ruling).
??? I fully support an association like Citizens United being able to show the political video they want to. I just don't like what the ruling all allowed. My point is against corporations, not associations. (see my other comment for more in depth reasoning)
&gt; FEDERAL ban on gay marriage and abortion... Gay Marriage? I thought he was always states right on this? And has also taken the position of getting marriage out of government all together. I don't recall him being for a federal ban. Abortion. He has in the past tried a "personhood" amendment, but I recall that he made a point after that going nowhere that he believes that the populace was too divided on the issue that he wouldn't try to legislate it. Is there more recent info on his stance here?
Thanks. I will now live my life no differently, but now feel superior to everyone else that believes something I no longer do! /s
Plus car insurance is a state mandate, not a federal one.
My view on "God's plan" is that he does have a plan for each of us. But it's up to us to try and figure out what that plan is and to strive to fulfill it. We often don't. In the event of a tragedy or death, it's simply life happening. It might have been the free will of another that killed someone, it might have been their own choices that lead them to their death. It might have been due to our world just taking course and us not intervening soon enough. I believe God gives us opportunities as well as road blocks with the things he can control. But life is mostly us making our own decisions.
His plan may or not work out. Suicide isn't his plan. Rape isn't his plan. Natural Disasters aren't his plan (at least specific ones...he simply created a world that has the capability of producing these disasters). What's the point? The point of what? God making a plan for each of us? Idk, maybe because he has nothing else to do. Maybe it's because he loves us all and just like a parent might have aspirations for their children, God makes them too. Maybe for each new life that comes into the world he has hopes for what they could achieve to the best of their ability. I seriously don't know for sure, that's part of the faith. But in either scenario, what's your point in trying to belittle another's belief?
Why did it have to be about race? Why couldn't it be that Republicans used what they believed would be a useful attack stategy against a Liberal President candidate that was their opposition? I'm not saying that racists might have agreed with that. I'm just saying that it doesn't have to be racist to throw that attack out there.
&gt; I firmly believe the majority of opposition to Obama is rooted in racism. Obama won 52.9% of the vote in 2008. Obama won 51.2% of the vote in 2012. Obama currently has a 46% approval voting. So let's say 50% *of voters* oppose Obama. So you believe more than 25% of people simply voted in opposition to Obama because he was black? And you want to simply ignore that the last time a president reached above 52.9% of the popular vote was 1988. And that winning an election with the percentages he did were on the high side if anything. **Why is it suddenly racism that people voted like they normally do?**
&gt; The only reason it's contested is because people like you refuse to accept the real meanings of words. I take all-knowing to mean knowing all. And "knowing" means having all knowledge of information. All information that we *know* about is current. Its stuff we have learned in the past and stuff we can presently evaluate. Someone all-knowing of dogs isn't expected to "know" about future potential breeds or potential new diseases. Someone all-knowing of football isn't expected to "know" about future game results or rule changes. If you can't accept the **fact** that your understanding of the word "all-knowing" is your opinion, there is no point in discussing this topic further. &gt; Again, because "goals" are just wishes or hopes. I see no point in God setting goals for us if there is absolutely no reward or punishment for reaching or failing to reach those goals. And that's your **opinion**. "Meaningless" is subjective. Take it this way... Your parent has certain goals and hopes for you. To be happy, healthy, etc.. You might have those same aspirations. Does knowing that your parents are hoping for good things for you also meaningless to you? It may be. But others, they enjoy the support. I don't understand why you can't grasp this. &gt; I never said my "opinion" equated to facts but whatever. You are criticising other people for having a different opinion than yourself. If you didn't believe your opinion was objective fact, then you are just being an illogical jerk. &gt; You, on the other hand, need the security of a magic zombie who watches you from the sky to make you feel good. I don't think you're an idiot so much as I really pity you. You have no idea what my belief in God entails. And I don't want your pity. Why are you even wasting you time and brain power on a person like me? Because you think your pity and opinions will change my mind? You haven't provided me with anything to warrant any new evaluation in my belief of God. So if that's all you got to express to me, you can stop wasting you time pitying me.
This is fucking ridiculous. Lets have an actual discussion. PRO-CHOICE supporters! **Explain why a fetus should not have human rights.** If it's living, why Does that living thing not have rights until birth or viability or whenever you believe it happens? If it's not living, why do you believe that? If you support the vialbility argument, why is a women's "right to choose" restricted at that point? PRO-LIFE supporters! **Explain why a fetus should have human rights.** Why should a fetus, even though it's living, be granted human rights before it's recognised by the state as a person (social security number, etc.)? Can we have AN ACTUAL DISCUSSION about this instead of the pussy footing around we do by calling the opposition *"murderers"* or *"women haters"*? It's pathetic. We're pathetic as a people.
&gt; We need universal education, universal healthcare, massive cuts to t the military, **end to subsidies** Haha haha. Universal education = subsidy to the educational institution or individuals Universal healthcare = subsidy to the health care providers or individuals Demand sided subsidies (to the individual) = increased demand, higher costs. You're suppose to use it when demand is low. Using it for education and health care is idiotic. Supply sided subsidies (to the business) increase supply, lower costs (regulated if needed). Please provide me the specific reasons or anything that back up your desires and your prediction that or economy and social structure will suddey drop without change. I'll add that I hate our health care system. It does need to be fixed. Insurance companies are the problem. I do support universal health care for catastrophic care to help fight against ineleastic demand. But Bernies views on why he supports the things he wants, seem far from any economic understanding.
It was simply an example. Don't disregard my point simply because of it. When should the government start protecting your rights? If before birth what rights are you granted? The same as a newborn? If having an abortion is murder, what other actions of a women that might harm the fetus might become illegal? Smoking? Achohol consumption? We made consanguinity sex illegal as a protection of future life or for bigotry reasons. If for protection, can we make sex illegal for people with highly passable diseases? I'm asking a question. Don't get defensive. Answer the question. I don't give a shit what you believe. I won't even attempt to change it. I just want to discuss the issues that no one will actually discuss because they are hard questions to answer And people simply try to avoid them (like you are doing now).
When evaluating the 14.5% "flat tax" are you ignoring the $20,000 individual exemption ($50,000 for a family of 4) and the elimination of the payroll tax (to be replaced by 14.5% business tax on wages). Because it sounds like you are. If not, you should fix your argument.
&gt; no empirical reason to think it would lead to a net benefit for the country. There is some and it's been debated. But at the current rate our government spends? Of course it wouldn't work. That's why his plan included government cuts. Don't misconstrue your beliefs(even if they are support by evidence from *some* sources) as 100% truth. We are debating economic philosophy here. Much of it *is* theory and we really *don't* have much evidence to support particular changes as it relates to causation. &gt; While in reality the best performing nations actually have fairly high tax rate and use those funds to provide a comprehensive safety net and maintain stability. You mean like Denmark? That has a much lower corporate tax rate? That has a much lower payroll tax (less than 4% compared to our 15.3%? Wage earners are paying 15.3% more in income taxes than what shows up on their "income" taxes. Consumers are also paying more for products because of Corporate taxes. I agree with your point. Hell, I wish we would increase income taxes and reduce corporate taxes. As well as remove the stupidity of the payroll tax that is a tax on *wages*. What a great incentive to raise wages, huh? But that won't happen, and is why I disagree with the liberal viewpoint on this matter. Denmark does it right in a lot of areas. But many liberals can't grasp the fact that we pay a ton more in taxes than our "income taxes". And can't make an argument that properly compares two systems of economic governance because voters are easily manipulated to ignore having to think rationally (let me make clear that this is all voters, not just liberals).
I disagree with your view on Rand, but that's beside the point. There certainly are parts of Cruz's political philosophy that matches up with Rand's. And Cruz seems to be the "logical" choice for Rand supporters *who will still vote Republican*. But I have major gripes with him... Fear Mongering - He said Net Neutrality was "Obamacare for the Internet". That is the definition of a non intelligent fear mongering statement used to only rule up uninformed voters to oppose something before they even know anything about it. That's shameful. He also had on his campaign website "Obama wants to take your guns" in big, "scary" letters before his executive action. I'm sick of shit like that. Foreign Policy &amp; National Security - should be self explanatory. Evangelicalism - I believe he feels he can use the word of the Bible as an extension of the constitution, and that's scary. As a Christian myself, I fear evangelical politicians. Your religion can guide your opinions. You just can't use a religious book to justify law. His Demeanor - He talks in a slow, condescending manner. And I really can't stand listening to the guy because of that. Its been said by those that oppose him that he sounds like a slimy car salesman, but even with him being a possible choice for me I would have to agree. If you want me to jump on the Cruz wagon, please help me resolve or lower my current gripes with him.
Can you explain this better? I've heard this same type of response for why it's a lame move by Republicans, but it hasn't been explained in a way I've understood yet.
&gt; Bernie to Stalin Not exactly, but enough so that one could say that. &gt; Obamacare to slavery No. He compared the *right* to healthcare to slavery. Many libertarian leaning people believe our rights are negative rights. They set limitations on the government, and that's it. The entire Bill of Rights contain only negative rights. The *right* to health care would mean that you have the right to someone else's services. The only way the government can *guarantee* you health care services is to require people to provide a service. Hence the slavery comparison. We can have public schooling. We can have public paid health care. Neither requires a "right" to be written into the constitution that many people feel infringes on other granted rights that we have. At least, I'm pretty sure that's where Rand is coming from.
I'm assuming you are refering to... &gt; Except in the construction industry, it is a violation of Section 8(a)(2) and (1) for an employer to recognize and enter into a collective bargaining agreement with a labor organization that does not represent a majority of the employer's employees in an appropriate unit. So... I'm not sure what this means. It sounds like unions *can* choose to represent anyone they want (and provide benefits to only those select members) **if** it's a collection of a majority of the employees. And because this excludes so many possibilities, it would point to me being wrong. But I don't understand the logic. It says it's a violation of 8(a)(1 &amp; 2) to do so. I've read those parts. I have no idea why representing only a few people (if only a few choose to join) is a violation of those parts. Especially when part 8(a)(1) refers back to section 157 which states "Employees shall have the right to... bargain collectively through representatives **of their own choosing**. And it is in a paragraph that is explaining "exclusive bargaining" so I'm not sure of which context to read the statement in. Can you explain the law at all? I could easily be misinterpreting the meaning of the law, so I need actually clarification on it to know what it means.
Ha, I came across that same article. The more I read, the more I become confused as there continues to be contradictory statements, each with their own "evidence". &gt;Under current law (defined under a Supreme Court decision titled International Ladies Garment Workers Union v. NLRB) it is an illegal unfair labor practice (ULP) for an employer to bargain exclusively with a union that is not certified as the majority representative of a group of employees (a normal union). However, it is completely legal for a minority union to negotiate on behalf of its members and for the employer to engage in those negotiations. Because of this, minority unions may demand “members-only” contracts that affect only certain employees in the bargaining unit. The Court found that minority union exclusive bargaining denied workers their rights to freely choose their representatives. http://laborpains.org/2013/09/24/minority-unionism-targets-employee-rights/
The point is that if he's not voting Republican, then he isn't a Republican. If a person is going to label themselves as something, then they are saying they agree with that group of people. If you hold values that would make you vote Democrat some of the time, then you aren't Republican. That's the point.
If he would be willing to compromis on some of these areas, I'd favor him much more. Regarding Citizens United, I would support not allowing corporation spending from general funds for political use. But I will always support an individual being allowed to voice their opinion in support of a candidate that supports their views and being able to spend as much money as they want to bring that message to the American people. Regarding changing the voting system. IRV is crap. Anyone with any knowledge on election systems can provide you with the problems IRV has. It may be slightly better that FPTP, but if we are going to change it we should change it to a great system, not just a "better" system. Approval Voting would be much better AND it's the easiest to implement. And if we want to really improve the system with a more drastic change, we can go with Range Voting. The weaknesses of range voting simply lead it to become approval voting, while both of these systems avoid some of the problems with IRV. Plus, NO ONE is taking money from super pacs. Its illegal to do so. Why is this website reporting that lie that Bernie is some savior above them all? Super-PACs are independent, Bernie can't stop a super PAC from using money in support of him.
&gt; I could make a similar example about the right to bear arms. It is guaranteed as a right to us, but if no one wanted to be a gun maker, would the government force anyone to be one? If no, then the same logic follows that gun ownership is not a right since in that scenario (no one wants to be a gun maker), it could not be guaranteed to you. See this is exactly my point. You don't understand what our constitutional rights mean or what our "right to bear arms" means. You don't have a right to own a gun. You can't force someone to give you a gun. You **do** have a right that guarantees the government can't take your guns from you. AGAIN, our rights are a restriction *on government*, not fellow citizens. &gt; And government would take care of the availability of healthcare (fewer doctors means government would improve compensation to ensure an adequate amount of doctors). You're right. This most likely would happen in such a case. But the service **can't** be guaranteed. Which is why it shouldn't be called a right. Putting restrictions on government itself, can be guaranteed. Which are why those are listed as rights.
You are part of a party if you support their views. If you don't, why the hell do you wear their badge? Joining the Republican party, means you support republicans. It doesn't mean you support conservativism. It doesn't even mean you support any political ideology. The Republican party can change. If you aren't going to change with it, it's idiotic to call yourself a Republican. (This is coming from a person who has voted Republican 95% of the time)
Agreed, to some extent. This is how I see it. We as individuals have a right to lobby (aka petition our government). People would also say "associations" also have this right (sourcing the constitution). And I agree. But I don't believe corporations or unions are associations. Associations are a group of people coming together for a common purpose and funded by people to share that message. Because of such a defintion, neither are associations. Corporation because they are funded by selling a product, not from political donations to be used for political purposes. Also, corporations are completely government created and as such dont need to be given association rights. Unions because they are funded from dues paid in compensation for collective representation. Employees give up their bargaining rights and dues for a union to represent them in *a contractual agreement with a corporation*, not to represent them for political means. Any individual should still be allowed to use their own individual funds to create an association for political purposes though.
A fellow beginner here, but I wanted to add one piece of advice that I've heard from others. You should get those "good shoes" ASAP. You'll need time to break them in and have them fitting comfortably before you'll want to take them out on a multiday journey.
Maybe more males support policies that Bernie supports and more females support policies that Hillary supports. All you are doing is providing a correlation. It means relatively nothing without more evidence.
Reading through the rest of your comments, it's clear you simply believe men as being sexist against Clinton. You've declare that Clinton is... &gt; the most qualified to run for the office in our lifetime And that's a fine belief, but you go around acting like it's truth and therefore anyone "opposed" to voting for her must have an ulterior motive, is this case sexism. You come across as condescending. &gt;I think that's a good starting point for an interesting conversation. You don't want to have a conversation. You are here to make us believe male Bernie supporters are sexist against Clinton. There is more "supporting evidence" of this than there is of any sexist "foul play". &gt;but the same poll found that 74% of women found Hillary trustworthy, whereas only 55% of men did. That's another huge gap that seemingly doesn't relate to policy differences. It could easily have to do with policy. Honestly, who do you believe has been more consistent in their political views. From what I've gathered, that is Bernie. And one can easily believe a more consistent figure is more "trustworthy". (I'm not voting for either Democratic candidate by the way.)
If we allow women only gyms, why not allow black only gyms? If we can offer discounts to women, why not be allowed to offer discounts to blacks?
But why not? Explain? Why should offering blacks discounts be illegal? And why should offering women and people based on age discounts be legal? Please tell me the difference.
You don't need to convince me on foreign policy. Its one of the biggest areas I disagree with Republicans on. I was simply trying to provide that the fear both sides project is not productive, even if one would agree with wanting a solution to the problem that the "fear" is meant to represent. "Loopholes" allows corporations, to pay less "corporate" money to the government. The government offers these tax breaks in return for a business doing something they desire. That's the issue here. This isn't something the average individual has to deal with. So they are clueless and susceptible to fear mongering. In the case of "billionaires" and capital gains tax, we can have a discussion on investment income and how that is different from labor income. And we can desire to change that. Its still stupid to be mad at the 1%, and feeding our natual tendencies of envy with fear is a terrible and pathetic thing to do. The more money you have, the easier it is to make more. That's just the way it is and I see no ability (or true desire) to change that. &gt; and make the code simpler so that its harder to take advantage of. My point is that it's not being taken advantage of. Its written that way. For a government purpose. Our current government WANTS these tax breaks. Mainly because they would rather offer breaks than reducing taxes so they can hold control and power over corporations. Which is why Republicans actually support removing tax "loopholes" and decreasing corporate taxes instead. &gt; But to some women, this will be viewed as an attack on their rights. And this is a fine *individual* belief. I just have a problem with a political party brainwashing their opinions on everyone else. And I can still call a *belief* as fear mongering when you set up your viewpoint in a way that misrepresents the opposition. Pro-life people don't want to "take away rights" just as much as Pro-choice people don't want to "murder babies". Both sides are pathetic. The Planned Parenthood issue is way overblown, I agree. But funding an organization (in anyway) that performs abortions, still supports abortions. If you provided the KKK with a free catering service so they could then use the money they were going to use on catering on more hoods and fuel instead, you would actually be "funding" the purchase of those goods and fuel. But I don't really care about the ussue because I don't really care about abortion.
Many Rand supporters are ignorant little twats, and won't accept a fact if it goes against what they percieve Rand to support. (this is true with any group or candidate supporters though). I'm a Rand supporter. I disagree with his view on abortion. I disagree with the rhetoric he has used to defund PP. I'm okay with him not wanting it to be government funded though. But I can at least ackwoledge this.
&gt; The only moral choice is to let women decide how they want to handle that issue for themselves; there is no defensible reason for the government to interfere. You say this, and then say... &gt; There are legitimate debates on where to draw the line in between Those are contradictory. I support the Roe vs Wade decision. The democrat party believes it's the right of a women to have an abortion. Not "up to viability". They say it's her choice. That means at any time. They have tried to stop Republican attempts at 20 week bans. The Republican party has their belief. I disagree with both sides. &gt; but those seeking to ban abortion altogether, even at the earliest stages, are purely, objectively wrong. How can this be objectively wrong when we have double homicide laws? You may oppose those too, but the law refutes your "objectively" statement. &gt; Government letting people make their own choices is the height of freedom. But they don't. That's my point. Thanks for ignoring it. They STILL RESTRICT access to marriage for certain people. Blood related couples for example. This is pure bigotry. There is no reason to restrict it, UNLESS government's have the freedom to do so. "But Birth defects" the retards shout. That's from sex you nitwits, not marriage. That's a completely different law that currently makes that illegal. Plus cousin incest has less chance of birth defects than people with certain diseases. Are we going to start banning their marriages? Until we fix this injustice, I'm not going to berate the other opinion. Side note: I'm fine with gay Marriage. &gt; Rand Paul's idea of "liberty" is giving states and corporations the ability to fuck people who have no choice but to get fucked. Thanks again for proving you have no idea what Rand stands for. One because he isn't a libertarian. Two for mischaraterising libertarianism as a world where corporations even exist. Three for still not understanding what "liberty" means. It basically comes down to "freedom". You can believe that the United States is more than just freedom and liberty as we have progressed through the ages, but you continue to call me out for simply explaining the liberty viewpoint. What you want, and what liberty IS, is completely different. I don't even support 100% liberty. Rand doesn't support 100% liberty. Not even libertarians do. 100% liberty is anarchy.
Certainly, but it's not left either. Its a seperate corner of the political square. I wouldn't consider Bernie a libertarian at all. There is economic freedom and personal freedom. Sanders (the left) believes in personal freedom. Conservatives (the right) believe in economic freedom. And libertarianism is both economic and personal freedom. Whereas totalitarianism contains neither.
I'm going to take what I feel is a "libertarian" view in support of overturning the Citizens United ruling. In short, our "right to speech" was given to individuals. This is also given to groups of individuals *that share the same speech message*. Meaning that any money for political speech should be given voluntarily and *specifically designated* for political speech. The removal of the "general funds" restriction was a mistake for this reason. We have now allowed corporations and unions to use general funds for political speech when their funds come from sources not for political means (in exchange for products/services for corporations and in exchange for collective bargaining with a contractual business agreement for unions). Individuals would be free to donate to a separate super-PACs in any amount they want. Here is a summary of one part of the dissent I agree with... Third, Stevens argued that the majority's decision failed to recognize the dangers of the corporate form. Austin held that the prevention of corruption, including the distorting influence of a dominant funding source, was a sufficient reason for regulating corporate independent expenditures. In defending Austin, Stevens argued **that the unique qualities of corporations and other artificial legal entities made them dangerous to democratic elections**. These legal entities, he argued, have perpetual life, the ability to amass large sums of money, limited liability, no ability to vote, no morality, no purpose outside profit-making, and no loyalty. Therefore, he argued, the courts should permit legislatures to regulate corporate participation in the political process. **Legal entities, Stevens wrote, are not "We the People" for whom our Constitution was established.**[21] Therefore, he argued, they should not be given speech protections under the First Amendment. The First Amendment, he argued, protects individual self-expression, self-realization and the communication of ideas. Corporate spending is the "furthest from the core of political expression" protected by the Constitution, he argued, citing Federal Election Commission v. Beaumont,[32] and corporate spending on politics should be viewed as a business transaction designed by the officers or the boards of directors for no purpose other than profit-making. Stevens called corporate spending "more transactional than ideological". **Stevens also pointed out that any member of a corporation may spend personal money on promoting a campaign** because BCRA only prohibited the use of general treasury money.
Did you think our government would be fine with allowing consanguinity married couples "who adopt"? If not, I don't see why he should have to change his views. Our government has made it clear they are fine with restricting marriage as long as it's restricting a group the majority of people are still bigoted against. If Marriage =/= Sex then there is no reason to ban blood related Marriage, unless we CAN restrict the contract that is marriage.
There is also no risk in blood related MARRIAGE either. Marriage isn't sex. People are free to have sex without being married. Stopping a blood related couple that could easily be living together already from getting married is simply stigmatized. And some how that is enough to deny "equal protection under the law" if that is truly what marriage can fall under.
No. Because the money earned that makes up the "general fund" comes from customers purchasing a product or service, not donating to a common political message. Shareholders/Customers/Corporation Owners are all free to donate to a separate super PAC with the money they actually individually own. This was the case prior to Citizens United, except it was only regular PACs at that time and therefore still had limits.
I'm all for outside views coming into a specific sub to help control confirmation bias, but using your different viewpoint to simply criticise the people here isn't helpful to anyone.
A couple of questions... &gt; *NOTE: While Sanders proposes a 6.2% tax on employers, A tax on "employers"? What does that mean? Their profits? Their wages they offer their employees? Either way it hurts customers and/or employees. &gt; *Note: these take into account the new income tax + the rise from 1.45% to 2.2% for Medicare tax. However, Bernie's plan could be increasing the tax by +2.2% but I would hope it would be worded differently.* So is it increased TO 2.2% or BY 2.2%? I'm still having trouble deciphering what you are saying. &gt; Current (long term) tax rate for individuals: These numbers are incorrect due to the 3.8% Medicare tax that applies at $250,000 for families. And thus throws off the comparison.
QUESTIONS/CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISMS Is it an ADDITIONAL 2.2% Medicare tax or a raise TO 2.2%? I'm hearing both. Bernie is planning on scrapping the separate capital gains tax rates. So if someone if profiting in that new 48% bracket, the plan is to completely double their tax rate (previously 23.8%)? I don't see this happening in the slightest. He wants an additional 6.2% on employers. What is that exactly a tax on? Income? Wages? I fully support getting health care out of employment and I'm fine with having higher brackets at higher rates (although it revamp it all), but overall I'm not getting enough information from this. Even the projected numbers seem much of it seems more based on hope, rather than trying to be realistic with it. But I guess that's true with ever political plan.
I agree with most of everything you said, except your conclusion. I oppose his policies, so I'm not simply going to vote for him because he sounds nice. I also don't like him vilifying others to cater to everyone's desire to feel a "victim". I mean, that's all the politicians, but he's not exactly the saint some like to pretend he is.
This is such pandering. BERNIE. You want to make a point? TELL US who these CEOs are that should be in prison. TELL US who these black citizens are that shouldn't be in prison. Stop making generalizations based on your percieved reality. Use facts. Use evidence. Numbers don't tell the full story.
&gt; Which is owned by people. And the PEOPLE can make political expenditures. &gt; Wrong. Right of free speech isn't for a given group. The constitution says Congress shall make no laws abridging the freedom of speech. The Supreme Court has ruled the source of the speech is irrelevant to if its can be banned or not. A corporation is a government created entity. It's not something that the constitution was written for. Even so, It also says no law abridging the "free exercise of religion". My religion can require me to kill others for wrong doing. But stated a made laws making murder illegal. The Constitution doesn't make murder illegal. We enacted laws that did. One can easily argue that that is a limit on the "exercise of a religion". &gt; Citizens United is a corporation. A SuperPAC is a corporation. No they aren't. They are organizations.
Villifying one group, to make a broader group feel better. They play to everyone's desire to want to be a victim. All while ignoring discussion on practical solutions to the true problems, or ignoring the true debate to begin with. Democrats - Billionaires (1%), "War on Women", Wall Street, Republicans, etc. Republicans - Moochers, "War on Religion", Muslims (or at the very least terrorists), Democrats, etc.
&gt; Not according to the Supreme Court. Well no shit. I'm arguing *against* a supreme court ruling. But they can be overturned. And let's not forget it OVERTURNED a previous supreme court ruling that did limit "general funds". Add on that it was a 5-4 ruling, and none of this is as crazy as you are trying to paint me as. &gt; Well this clearly would fail strict scrutiny. Thank you for bringing this up. I forgot the word. I believe strict scrutiny could apply here also. &gt; What's the difference between organizations and corporations? Lots. But for the purpose of this argument, the difference is how the government views them. And they do view them different and they have laws that are only applicable according to how you are registered with the government. And again I believe how their "general funds" are funded matters. Just like we *currently* view donations that fund organizations differently than profit made from corporations.
Correct, to an extent. Fair Trials are a right. But no one can be forced to be an attorney or a judge. Fair Trials are are limitation on *government power* just like all of our rights. The wording "in all criminal persecutions" , means that IF the government wants to persecute you, they must provide you with a fair trial. Voting - Voting has been declared not a right. So I don't know why you think it is one. We simply can't discriminate. And there is no taxation without representation, so our whole system would be turned upside down if people weren't allowed to vote, but the government isn't required to allow you to vote.
Yes. And I support overturning Citizens United based on the fact it removed the restriction on "general funds" for corporations/unions. BUT I support *individuals* being allowed to petition their government with as much of their money as they so desire. And I see opposition to that as an encroachment on our rights. So I don't support Bernie on the matter of Campaign Finance Reform.
I agree that there is a "value" of money that should be addressed in at least some way. So does Rand though. Did you look the plan? It involves a $20,000 individual exemption ($50,000 for a family of four). That does make it a progressive tax. For a family of four.... * Income = $50,000 -- Tax = 0% * Income = $75,000 -- Tax = $4.83 * Income = $100,000 -- Tax = 7.25% * Income = $200,000 -- Tax = 10.88% * Income = $500,000 -- Tax = 13.05%
There are many people who feel unrepresented in our current political climate. There is often a discussion over picking "the lesser of two evils" come election time. George Washington warned us of the desire of large political parties to retain power and take revenge on the opposition. The two party system has also lead to a greater amount of division. When we condense political views down to either A or B we make it that much easier for people to believe one is right and the other is wrong. **Considering that you seem to currently be one of the least partisan candidates with your occasional attacks on both Republicans and Democrats, *(what are your thoughts on possibly changing our election system from First Past the Post to a system such as Approval Voting?** This change would allow people to truly vote for who they *approve* of while not worrying about "wasting" their vote. It also opens the door for candidates that don't conform to a certain political parties ideology much more then our current system allows. It would take a great shift in our current political perceptions to truly see the benefits of such a change, but I believe it would be a great improvement to our political system.
I agree with your reasoning, but I have a different conclusion. Because political parties have made theime determination of their representative a governmental process and because our whole system is screwed up with FPTP and how such a large percentage of the populace believes they need to choose between the two largest parties, I'm fine with allowing open primaries for the time being. They need to get rid of all primaries (government umplemented), changing them all to caucuses (party implemented). There is no reason for the government to be involved in the decision of what a group of people (political party) want to bring forward as their candidate of choice.
IT’S HAPPENING!!! Rand Paul, thank you for taking the time to enter a forum with potential voters. It certainly helps us to feel like our concerns are being listened to and that we may actually have a chance of being represented. It should be obvious to you, but I want to make it clear, that many of the people here are quite tired of politics and what normally comes with it. AVOIDANCE of questions/details being a large one. You would do yourself a great service and to this community to address what might be more difficult questions and to answer any questions you respond to honestly *and* in detail. Reddit users can get quite ornery when they believe they are simply being played with. Anyway… QUESTION: Which one of your political views do you believe catches the most flak *from the general public*, but doesn’t deserve the amount of criticism it has received? Why? [EDIT] Thanks again, Rand. Please feel free to come back and answer any questions you didn't have the time to address. Good Luck in Iowa!
Senator Paul, There are many people who feel unrepresented in our current political climate. There is often a discussion over picking "the lesser of two evils" come election time. George Washington warned us of the desire of large political parties to retain power and seek revenge on the opposition. The two party system has also lead to a great amount of division. When we condense political views down to either A or B we make it that much easier for people to believe one is right and the other is wrong, while ignoring all other views. **Considering that you seem to currently be one of the least partisan candidates with your occasional disagreements with both Democrats and Republicans, what are your thoughts on possibly changing our election system from First Past the Post to a system such as Approval Voting?** This change would allow people to truly vote for who they *approve* of while not worrying about "wasting" their vote. It also opens the door for candidates that don't conform to a certain political party’s ideology much more than our current system allows. It would take a great shift in our current perceptions to truly see the benefits of such a change, but I believe it would be a great improvement to our political system.
On the issue of Climate Change… You [told Bill Maher in 2014](http://www.cnn.com/2014/11/14/politics/paul-bill-maher/), that you are not against some environmental regulations such as on carbon emissions and clean water. But when discussing the topic in front of Republicans you seem to speak more with the anti-government intervention message. So I ask, how have you determined where the line of government intervention is? At what point does the free market need to be regulated? This is one of the largest questions/uncertainties people have about Libertarianism. When does “public harm” come into play? How is this addressed in the system you would like implemented?
THANK YOU! Collaboration is a much more beneficial conflict management style than compromise. For some reason, people try and act like it doesn't exist.
Although I agree about the power structure, it's not a likely scenario where we start reducing the size of it. So instead I took a different "libertarian"esk view and believe we can stop corporate political expenditures and simply leave the right to speech to the individual that it was meant for. Its libertain because Libertarians wouldn't support the creation of the corporate form in the first place.
&gt; Because to me it sounds like you're okay with book burning "for a large enough government interest". I'm living in the reality of what the government is allowed to do. The "government interest", I'll admit is subjective, and it could be abused. But it's the reality. I wouldn't think they have a compelling enough reason to burn books. I do believe they have a compelling reason limit corporate expenditures on politics as the "general treasury funds" aren't donations representive of the people for that political message. But I do think it's not even required to take this route as corporations are simply different than individuals. &gt; which brings me to another point - isn't "the press" inherently all corporations?) You can be "the press" without being a corporation. &gt; So instead of side-stepping the issue with wharrgarbl, tell me, are Hollywood films, video games, and books protected under the first amendment? It's a yes or no question. No. But they are ALLOWED to be in many aspects. Political expenditures is one area where they shouldn't apply first amendment "rights". If you have a right to speech as a corporation, that should mean you also have a right to BE a corporation. You don't. What good is a "right" if it can be taken away just like that. The government could end the corporate structure if they chose to without infringing on any type of right. But your actual *individual* rights remain intacted.
Many people view a "war" on something that only personally effects you to be a waste of time, money, resources, etc.. Going around and imprisoning for simply *possessing* a drug seems to be government intervention that is making it *more* difficult for people to live a proper life as it's putting people in jail for only potentially harming themselves. Alcohol is a drug. Was prohibition a good thing? Why is marijuana prohibition any better? Should we imprison people for any substance that can harm the individual? What about normal tobacco cigarettes? &gt; From my understanding the current doctrine is just to uphold the law of the country and prosecute drug posession and trafficking, I don't see anything wrong with it. But others do. That's the point. They want the laws changed because they have been ineffective and some believe not a law that should be law in the first place.
But can every "potentially harmful" action be made illegal then? That's a A LOT of stuff. And that still ignores that simple "possession" is a crime.
&gt; He says he's for liberty but wants to limit women's choice. Making ANY abortion (aka a day before birth) illegal is a limitation on "women's choice" and a large majority of people support that. So either a large majority is against a "women's choice" **or its actually a debate about when a human life deserves rights.** Nooo, that can't be the case, let's go back to fear mongering.
&gt; That's what the Citizens United case held: the government can't prevent corporations from making expenditures for or against candidates for office. And a previous Supreme Court said the opposite. I simply agree with the previous interpretation and agree with the dissents opinion in the Citizens United case (Remember it was a 5-4 ruling, that means 1 guy decided the law). And I have explained what their opinion was and why I agree with it. Telling me "well the Supreme Court ruled this" does nothing for an argument. You tell me which of the majorities opinions you agree with and why.
&gt; Bodily autonomy is a huge part of that discussion, so it's also at what point does the rights of a fetus trump the rights of the woman carrying it? Legally, we have marked that point as viability. No. Roe vs Wade ruled that you have a right to an abortion up until viability. It didn't rule on legality after that point. So we are free to decide when life trumps another at least after viability. I support 20 week (viability) laws, so the rest of your comment I'm assuming isn't targeted at me.
I don't think anyone is making that claim. There are downsides to the many *choices* we have in life. We are part of a society, any choice we make (or don't make) will effectively have an impact on society. Getting fat raises health care costs. Are we going to ban fatty foods? Or stop a certain calorie intake and mandate exercise? People taking on greater risks (extreme sports, etc.) "raise health care costs". We going to throw everyone in a bubble? People need to realize that we have legal drugs. This includes prescription drugs. They are meant to alter your mind as well as many other things. They *can* be abused. They *can* have negative side effects. They can put wear on other members of society. These also "raise health care costs". It's a matter of "what makes marijuana any different?".
That's pretty neat.
&gt; Remember — and this is a key point — that when (Person A) attacks (Person B) for the vision and programs he believes in, she is attacking the large numbers of (people) who believe in what (Person B) believes and favor the same changes and reforms that he promotes." If only the people in this sub understood this.
It wasn't really racist. It was started by Clinton supporters to cause doubt in the voters that might vote for Obama instead. It was picked up by racists certainly, but it was more a tactic than straight up racism.
Who should do it then? If "the government" should, will we have no voice against the corruption of government? Should a blogger not be able to take ad revenue? Main question, what would your reality look like?
There is a correlation of less poverty and less crime, sure. But is there a causation of more welfare and less crime? You act like there aren't fiscally conservative views that attempt to lower poverty without increasing welfare. And your "welfare or jail" simplification of the problem is just beyond irritating and shouts "any one opposing my views is an idiot". There are programs like SNAP that people from the same liberal political perspective say opposing things about. It is "one of the greatest and most effective tools in combating poverty" while at the same time "a totally ineffiecient system, whereas straight up money would be much better". Which is it?
Agreed. Approval is a better system than IRV and easier to implement. If we didn't care about easy implementation, I MUCH prefer Range Voting over IRV.
Did you even try to comprehend his comment? Bernie isn't just introducing "Single Payer", he wants to implement a plan. And those "plans" can vary. Just because Bernies plan involves single payer doesn't mean it will act like the other single payer systems. This is what Bernie supporters sound like to the outside. You like buzzwords, but you don't seem care about the details or what possible side effects there may be.
What are you're trying to say by this? I understand the experiment. I don't see how such an experiment about what one "needs to know" to uphold the truth of a statement translates to a health care plan. If you would like to be informative, I'd like to hear what you mean by this?
&gt; You are making the assumption that it would not work. You say you aren't, but you are. My problem is with people blindly being in favor of something. I'll admit, that I personally don't think HIS PLAN would be a good solution to our health care problems. I also personally don't like insurance companies either. I also think we should remove the tie to employment. But HIS PLAN as a whole I'm against. &gt; The issue is HEALTHCARE AS A RIGHT for all citizens. He believes healthcare should not be a business. It should be a birthright for all people born in this country. And this is one of my largest oppositions to him. He can't live in America and try to make health care a right. It won't happen. Our rights are a restriction on government. They are guaranteed to the people. The government CAN NOT guarantee that someone with treat you with health care as they won't be able to force anyone to do it if it comes down to the situation where no one wanted to do it. Therefore it is not a right. And will not be a right. This is just bullshit rhetoric. We can have public health care like we have public education. That doesn't mean we need to make it a right. (just like we don't have a right to public education). He fundamentally doesn't understand what our constitution was founded on. The principles of liberty. We will always be a more "free" country because of foundation was set up so it protected us from the government, not that the government would protect us. &gt; Single-payer healthcare is not as vague as you make it out to be. It's not at all vague. That's my point. The systems are all different in each of those countries that have it. I'm just pointing out that "single payer" IS a buzz word and people don't look any further. &gt; You are automatically assuming it won't work because we aren't Canada, or the UK, or any other country where public sector healthcare works very well. No. I'm assuming his PLAN, won't work. Won't gain enough support. Will have problems that are foreseeable but will be ignored by some. And when the problems comes they will say "we'll this isn't what I wanted". And thereby being like many other programs we implement. You clearly seem fine to mischaracterize my beliefs. I like single payer. I think it should cover catastrophic care. To cover that inelastic demand. We should remove the tie to employment and get rid of insurance companies. .... But we should also reduce regulations and open up the market up for the basic care and preventive care services. Continually subsidizing demand by definition will increase costs. To use it is the market of health care where demand is already sky high, is just plain idiotic. I simply believe it will be harder to pull back to what I support from a full blown single payer system than to push forward to such a system. So I can't jump on the Bernie train, especially because we are so ideologically different.
&gt; I can call whatever I want "rights". Correct. But that doesn't make them so. &gt; FDR wanted to introduce a bill of positive rights, economic rights. You can disagree with the philosophy. Be didn't get that done though. And I do disagree. &gt; But MANY 1st world countries have accomplished what he is proposing. And I've stated why I don't believe that will work here. &gt; The only reason it would be unachievable is because people like Hillary spread propaganda about socialism. Yes, the only reason people aren't supporting Bernie is because they are idiots and are easily mislead (but only in support of other candidates, not Bernie). Yes, yes. Very good. ... Sorry, I can't read comments like that without responding sarcastically.
Why should broadband by defined as 25 Mbps? What does having broadband defined as 25 Mbps accomplish? Why jump from 4 to 25? Why does the author of the article need to sound like a little bitch to voice his opinion?
I'm far from a Trump support, but your "reasoning" about why he shouldn't support Trump is pathetic. You're using all the buzzwords and headlines titles to attack the man. That does nothing. Trump is a moderate nationalist. He's also an authoriatarian. Some people are attracted to that.
Wow. The top comments seem pretty terrible. It makes me sad that people seem to no longer respect what rights are. I [agree with you](http://www.reddit.com/r/politicaldiscussion/comments/42r3k8/why_is_healthcare_a_right_as_sanders_proposes_it_is/czcpgjx), Health care should not and *will not* be able to become a right.
But it ignores reality. The reality is America was founded on the principle of liberty. We should and hopefully will continue to uphold that. Our rights are a limit on government, not the people. We decided to create our own nation "with blackjack and hookers" because we didn't like the situation before. That is what makes us different from those European countries that some want us to fashion ourselves after. And I'm not even trying to oppose universal health care or single payer. It's completely possible to have those *without* calling them a right. Many things people think we have a right to (roads, police, social security, public education, etc.), we actually don't. Because they don't understand what rights mean in our society. Is it *possible* to completely go against what our constitution was founded on? Sure, it can be amended after all. By I'm fearful of the day that happens. And as more and more people misrepresent what our rights are, the chance of that only becomes greater.
&gt; When America was founded, we enslaved people and didn't offer the ability to vote or own land to women. People were free to own slaves. The government wasn't allowed to, because we have liberty *from the government*. People didn't have the ability to vote because *we have no right to vote*. &gt; If America was founded on "liberty" in reality, how do you explain the myriad laws that tell you exactly what you cannot do? Laws are not rights. Laws are restrictions we place on each other. Out rights were a restriction on government power. How many times do I have to say the same thing? &gt; If I can walk into an emergency room and somebody will save my life no matter what, then in reality I have a right to healthcare. If my house is burning down, and the fire department will show up regardless of whether I've paid my property taxes, then I have a right to fire protection. These are de factor rights based on the utility they provide to society - we have basically agreed that these are worthwhile things to help keep society stable and functional. But they are NOT rights. They are part of a societal system that we enjoy and have deemed worthy. Single payer can be a part of that. But it will not and should not be a right granted in the constitution. &gt; How do you conceive of our rights, and how do you explain the situation I've outlined above? Have I explained my position well enough? Our rights are a limit on government. We as a society can create laws and create worthwhile programs. We as a society can act *as a society*. It doesn't take a new "right" to add something to society. One finally question if you still disagree. What would the right to health care look like as an amendment to the constitution?
Our "rights" are currently in writing in our constitution. I'm not imposing anything. I'm saying by the constitution that governs our nation, health care can't be a right. The only refute to that is "well I think rights are this", which is the imposition. Which tries to completely ignore the constitution in their reasoning. And why it's the only imposition that is happening here. Is it possible to change? Yes. But you are *changing* what rights have forever been about in America.
&gt; The reason Bernie uses this rhetoric is because it inspires his progressive base. Maybe that's obvious to me because I'm part of it. "Healthcare is a right" is a deeply populist statement,... Oh, certainly. I agree. But I get into discussions with people like this that fully believe health care should be a right. And I don't think they are basing that feeling on anything more than simply Bernie supporting it. So in that regard, I don't like Bernie saying it either because it creates naivety in the populace as a whole. Which I don't appreciate from any candidate.
He does have an idea of private property rights, but he is no way propose to repeal parts of the Civil Rights Act. And even if he want to, there wouldn't be enough support to do such a thing. But like I said, he Doesn't want to make a play at repealing anything. So I find that reason to be a poor one.
He could lose some Super Delegate support, which could cost him the election. Remember all, the Primaries aren't a popular vote either. I want Trump and Bernie to win the Primaries in popular vote, but aren't the ones voted by the delegates so they end up losing. It would be a big fuck you to the American people. And I would find it hilarious.
Who is saying he doesn't want to debate simply because of Megyn Kelly? Is there a source of this? I've heard Fox News and other sources "claiming" that, but that means nothing.
It's not a distaste of Sanders fans. It a distaste for a sub called "politics" to be so extremely Bernie. I believe r/politics should be a fair place to discuss politics. We hate the media for its bias, and yet we love doing the same thing. I'd like a sub for those new to politics to get a less biased source of their news so they aren't victims of confirmation bias. I understand the reality that it isn't that. Which is why I have to subscribe to politics, political discussion, neutralpolitics, libertarian, conservative, and I should probably find a more Hillary supportive sub. I'm fine with doing that. But I don't like the fact that others might easily fall into confirmation bias due to the size and neutral title of this sub.
Nope. Common mistake. The sixth amendment states that "in all criminal prosecutions..." you have these rights. That means that IF the government is going to attempt to take away your other rights (since if you are convicted of a crime you can be stripped of certain rights), they must provide you with these things (such as an attorney). It is a limitation on government power. It doesn't mandate service from people. It mandates that the government must provide you with something if they want to take away your rights. Its a protection from government tyranny.
How? Why? Explain that reasoning.
I like it because I feel I focus more on the words that way, instead of the tone altering my perception. But it certainly doesn't do well in a presentation setting like this debate.
Pandering to Iowa with religion!!! Who saw this coming!?!?!
&gt; Think of it this way. If the government has a surplus, it is getting more money than what's coming out. Now, the fact that it is a surplus means the money is basically sitting there. But that's a criticism on surpluses, not a balanced budget. &gt; Basically, slow and steady inflation is a sign of a healthy economy chugging along. Okay, I can see how that would be a sign. But is it required? Do we need inflation to avoid a "weak" economy. Wage increases come with more inflation in an attempt at a new equilibrium. Why the need for a new equilibrium to avoid being "weak"? &gt; Frankly, I'm a little confused as to why you believe that because there is a restriction on it it's not a right. It is currently a right up until viability according to SCOTUS. I stated that. But I also said that it can be changed, just like you stated now too. So it is a right that can be completely removed based on where we define the line. And if that's the case, it's hard to call it a guaranteed right. A personhood amendment wouldn't make abortion illegal. It would make it that a human life begins at contraception. And because *states* have made the murder of humans illegal, it would therefore be illegal in each state. Its a definition of life. Not an overturn of any "right". But it would make your "right to an abortion" obsolete. Which to me, is why it isn't really a right if it can simply be made obsolete.
&gt; literally works for the Koch brothers If that was the case you'd think he could get some decent support. &gt; wants to repeal the civil rights act He doesn't support a couple of the parts of it. He hasn't said anything about a desire to repeal ANY of it. &gt; because "man should have the right to discriminate." Well man DOES have a right to discriminate. The discussion here is if a man that happens to own a business can discriminate. Actually, that isn't even the discussion. Because businesses CAN discriminate just not on the basis of race, skin color, religion, or national origin for public accommodation. (Sex and age are protected for employment, but not for public accommodation -- probably because we enjoy discriminating on that basis). So why this limitation? Why allow a business to offer discounts to women, but not blacks? Why allow a business to deny business to a man with a different political view, but not with a different religious view? Many would propose that protecting only certain characteristics isn't very "equal under the law". But what about the historical hardships for those certain characteristics? So you support only supporting the "rights" of a protected class, but every other class of people can be trampled on? Or do we truly have the right to offer up services we provide to anyone we wish? I've done my homework. Have you?
&gt; He (which is really fucked up as a doctor) thinks the government should tell woman they can do with their bodies. Umm, even Roe vs Wade didn't protect your "right to your own body". You only have a right to an abortion up until viability. The "own body" arguement is nonsensical and fear mongering by the left. Roe vs Wade defined a line. That line can be moved. A "personhood" amendment like the one offered up by Rand Paul changes that line. It doesn't make abortion illegal. It makes life begin at contraception. And because states have made murder illegal, it would then be illegal to have an abortion. (I support the Roe vs Wade decision myself, but I can at least resist the fear mongering pitches of both sides and see them for what they are). &gt; He talks about others "not understanding the constitution," yet he would have his religious views become laws--something UNDENIABLY against the very fabric of the constitution. Requiring the consitution to change to align with the word of the Bible is against the fabric of the constitution. But using your own religious beliefs (or any beliefs no matter how they are formed) to guide your opinions on what you wish to be law or not is not against the constitution. Not sure what point you are even trying to suggest here. Gay Marriage? He wants the state out of it. The non religious side can even view marriage as a contract that can be restricted. And until all limitations (consanguitity marriage) are removed, I see no reason why that truly isn't the case. (I'm personally fine with marriage for gays). &gt; He wants to gut the department of education- this is CLASSIC right wing behavior. Take something really successful like 200 years of public schools- start saying its bad. Gut funding so it actually becomes bad, then push your buddies private company to take the place of the commons. That's a lot of assuming you are doing there. Public education is largely funded at the state level already, so your point is poor. He just doesn't like the beuratratic federal involvement in the decision process. &gt; He opposed any gun control-again, as a doctor this makes no sense. Okay, now you seem to purposely providing your straight up opinion based on no facts. Why is this the case? (And he certainly doesn't oppose any gun control, like you state). Watch his recent interview on the View about guns. &gt; He will never be taken seriously on a national level until he stops denying science for one. What are you even arguing here? You're just rambling now.
I'll tell you why it *won't* happen. Indexing it to inflation requires a starting point. It requires a minimum wage that everyone agrees with should be the starting point, so as it can adjust to inflation from there. That will not happen.
&gt; "While I do think man "MAY" have a role, nature does too." Statement made in Republican debate to Republican crowd. Pandering. Look elsewhere. Look at his interview with Bill Maher as one example. Also he said "does TOO" so I can just as well take that to mean it ALSO plays a role. &gt; "The first thing I would do as president is repeal [the Clean Power Plan]" Yeah, that shows he doesn't understand or believe what is scientific fact. You argued he doesn't believe in man made climate change. That is False. That was all my point was. The issue of him not supporting *certain* climate regulations, is another thing to address entirely. The science says there is man made climate change. There isn't conclusive evidence that we are in danger of continuing our current emissions. There are some projections out there certainly, but they aren't agreed on at any level like the existence of mand made climate change is. You're conflating two different beliefs in one to attempt to make your point stronger. I find that in poor taste. &gt; Yes, it will be a strain on our economy. If we do nothing, there wont be an economy left to worry about... Please provide evidence that *proves* this. I'd like to be more educated on the issue.
The video... The moderator told you that Rand signed off on argreeing that Man has had an effect on Climate Change. Why do YOU ignore the evidence? You can also see, even from this video, that he supports cleaner energy. He fully wants there to be more energy sources out there. He want less regulations one THESE sources ALSO. He is simply against *some* of the regulations on a current, highly effiecient and easily stored source of energy in coal. &gt; The fact that he says one thing to one group and something else to another should demonstrate that hes 100% full of shit Watch the video. He was going to say man does, but then stopped himself, realizing his audience, and changed it to may. The statement then made no sense when he said also. It was Pandering. He didn't fully "say something else". Rand Paul is irrelevant. Amazing how you have such a disdain for him. You believe people are "brain washed" simply because they have a different outlook on politics than you. Have fun in your bubble. I'm done.
I'm totally new to backpacking and also looking for recommendations on a bag (and pretty much everything else). From what I've seen online, I too fell in love with the Atmos 50 AG. I just love the look and functionality of Ospreys packs in general. It certainly is high in price and I'm just a beginner (plus id need to go get fitted for it to see if it even is a good choice for me), but I feel like if I'm going for it, it might as well be with a bag I'll love to carry around. Would you offer up any more info about your experience with the bag or any other tips on similar bags? How do you feel the "anti-gravity" feature helps with weights or percieved weight?
Don't support a party (open primaries, woo!), and my current support goes to Paul. I guess he would have to do a full 180 on his interpretation of the constitution for me to drop him.
From what I've gathered from him and his supporters, I've come to this conclusion. I fundamentally disagree with political ideology. I can see why others would support him. He seems passionate. He really does want to create a better life for many. I just don't agree with his approach. I truly believe America is based on a political ideology that separates itself from the other countries Bernie would like us to be more similar to. Our foundation was greatly based on the idea of liberty. We fleed other countries because we believed in a new type of society. One where are rights would be restrictions on government. They would be promises to restrict the power of government, not to restrict its people. And I'm honestly disappointed that people don't seem to hold that belief anymore. I think it's something that makes use unique as Americans, and it's something I want to hold onto. Bernie doesn't have this same view. Which is why I fundamentally oppose his implementation methods even though I support many of the problems he wants to solve.
And I appreciate a society that rewards success. And something that comes with that is that when you have more money, the easier it is to get more money (as you can invest in others people's successes). My point is that we have different views on how society should make our economy work. I'm not sure I'm grasping what you are trying to say if it's not simply criticizing how I want our "economy to serve society".
Stop taxing wages. But apparently that's seen as a great idea by 95+% of people.
Please explain. The point of stealing is so you have more money. The repercussion is someone has less. The point of raising taxes on the wealthy *under Bernies plan* is to provide services for those who previously might not have been able to afford it (therefore effectively giving more spending power ("money")). The repercussion is someone has less. The 3rd choice is no action, therefore no repercussion.
Just be aware that anything you read or hear is coming from someone else's perspective. So it will naturally be biased. If they say something, research it and the opposite. Fill your mind with both sides of an argument *and* inform yourself of the facts to have the ability to make your own stance and argument. Don't *avoid* r/politics. Go there. Listen to what that audience is hearing. Read the comments to understand their concerns. Do the same with r/conservative, r/libertarian, etc.. Do the same with other sources. The last thing you want to do is confine yourself and fall into confirmation bias. That will happen even in subs that try to be semi-neutral like this one. The best thing you can do once you have an opinion is seek out those that oppose you. And truly listen to the opposition, not what those agree with you *think* the opposition's point of view is. If you can't defend your stance against them and feel confident, it means you aren't educated enough on it. So do more research. It's not the greatest, but I like the idea of allsides.com . It aggregates news sources and tries to present you with multiple sources on the same issue divided by their bias (liberal/neutral/conservative). Again, you can't completely trust evaluations of bias, but it's a good starting point I think.
Are those averages? I don't think comparing averages would be very useful considering the United States have a larger disparity between its people therefore it distorts averages. And we'd really need to compare cost of living to even compare what effects the difference in income tax would create. And it's entirely too complicated to simply try and compare numbers when deductions and many other varying things exist including the different brackets our taxes are divided in.
The RNC's only duty is to push for a *Republican* candidate that they want to represent their party in the general election. The same with Democrats. The problem that exists is that our political parties have entrenched themselves into our political process to such an extent that people don't realize this. Primaries aren't a part of the constitution. We use to have *only* caucuses before government got involved in deciding who a group of people wanted to represent their views in the *actually* presidential election. It's natural for parties to form. But they have formed to their current level *only because* government got involved in creating them and holding their position of power. When people are voting for "the lesser of two evils" we are no longer voting for representation in our government. That point has come, but no one in power is going to try and fix that.
Thanks! Would you mind sharing the source for the data? Or where I might find a breakdown by state? I seem unable to find this data myself.
Practically zero. And to be clear, I wouldn't want to change the primary season until we changed the election process in the general election. First Past the Post is a large part of the incentive to come together and agree on a particular candidate. I think the first step would be to change to a system like Approval Voting. But the parties know this would remove part of that incentive, so they are against that too. And honestly, it would take a full alteration of how we as individuals view the political process for these changes to even have a good influence. But it certainly should be changed so we can at least work toward a better system. Even traditionalists (constitutionalists) should be on board with a change. We only had caucuses prior (for a reason). And George Washington himself warned of the problem with political parties getting too powerful. I just believe they didn't have the knowledge on an election process that would be better than FPTP that we do now. So we should change it to address the concerns the founding fathers had of the system they created.
I disagree. The DNC could easily say they want ANY candidate to be the Democrat candidate. They however, have given a slight voice to their followers because it's more advantageous to them to have support behind the candidate they choose. But again, this primary process is NOT an actually part of our elections. They are simply a creation *by political parties*. Don't like their proposed candidate? Don't vote for them in the **actual** election. Don't like the current system? Yeah, join the club.
&gt; Not really. "Protected classes" are groups that are protected against unequal treatment under the law. My point is that **the law** treats them unequally. The law specifies they will protect this but not that. I find that unequal and something the government should not partake in deciding. It's this same principle that made them think they could make laws that exempted certain races. Now they exempt certain classes from protection by protecting a few. &gt; When there is substantive evidence that class is discriminated against. So the individual being discriminated against doesn't matter? I find that cruel. That you would protect a group, but not an individual. Why should an individual be granted protection simply because *a large enough group of other people* races that same discrimination? &gt; What do you mean by "the individual facing discrimination"? The word discrimination means "unjust or prejudicial treatment based on categories." By individual I mean the one person that shows up a shop that is discriminated for a certain characteristic. Under your need for "substantive discrimination" that individual doesn't matter to you. It's only once a large enough group of people with that same characteristic face that same discrimination. &gt; Can you give me an example of an individual being discriminated against for something that has nothing to do with group membership? See above as that wasn't my point. Anyways, can't anything be a group membership? Even a personal belief can be shared by others. What about unattractive people? They are a group that faces discrimination. Why not mandate that model agencies can't employ people based on attractiveness? It's an arbitrary process I'd rather not allow the government to deal with. &gt; There's no real "group size" requirement. The trans population in the U.S. is tiny, relatively speaking. Yet there are many people currently arguing trans Americans should receive anti-discrimination protection as a protected class. Let me ask you. Does some have a right to not be discriminated against? If yes, why don't you grant that right to *all* people? If no, why should the government be involved?
&gt; How in the hell are you trying to contort making sure we aren't shitting on specific groups of people into saying it's okay to shit on other groups of people? Our laws allow businesses to discriminate. Protected classes are protected from this act. Thus, certain characteristics are protected from discrimination whereas others aren't. That's fair to say, right? If not, what do you disagree with? &gt; I'm 90% sure you're one of those War on Christmas, Reverse Racism, people. War on Christmas. Religion as a protected class is absurd to me. It means the law protects your belief if it is back by religion, but not if it isn't. It could be the same exact view, but you are only protected if you say you hold that view because of religion. It's completely idiotic. Also, I'm a Christian. Reverse Racism. Not sure what you mean by that. That's not a real thing. &gt; Honestly trying to drag a bill that gave equal rights to people who were denied them by asserting it's racist what the fuck. Please stop pretending it gave equal *rights* to people. This isn't about rights. The "Civil Rights Act" is purely the name of the act. Just like the Patriot Act. If it was about rights, everyone would be protected. They aren't. Do you defend Affirmative Action? Secondary education is *exempt* from the Civil Right Act. Why is this not a "right"? Is it a good thing to discriminate for *"good"* reasons? Why can't a business also discriminate for "good" reasons such as offering cheaper prices to minorities. We allow them to offer cheaper prices based on sex and age (sex and age aren't protected in public accommodation). Why not race? I understand your astonishment to my view. I know it spits in the face of a huge majority of people's preconceived notions. But I'm sharing a view, you're providing insults. I don't care for that.
&gt; You might want to look into the equality vs. equity debate. Oh, I know why others believe the opposite of me. They believe it's government's job to provide equity. I completely disagree. I'm just sharing my opinion here. I believe it's government's job to provide equality under the laws and power that was bestowed upon them. And I think it's society's (no legal enforcement) job to provide equity or to at least work toward that end. And due to how our Constitution was written, I think that is the more accurate portrail of what they had envisioned. But I accept the fact it is debatable. Although others seem fine in dismissing my views as idiotic or whatever. &gt; as well as the still huge problems of discrimination based on race, sex, gender, religion, etc. If you don't think these exist today, you're ignorant of reality. I think these problems exist *due to government*. It was government that mandated segregation (Jim Crow), it was government that made certain drugs illegal simply to arrest blacks, it was and still is government that creates laws to disporporientional effect certain people. It's has been government that has propagated this unfair treatment. At what point in time was a business allowed to discriminate, but the government wasn't? I don't believe that ever existed. And that is what I'd like to have. So I don't really know how you can attack this view so strongly with not a whole lot to back it up with. I think if we take government out of dictating who deserves better treatment, society won't have the desire to do it either. &gt; As we saw in North Carolina, we can't leave it up to the States to decide. There has to be some uniformity of application to laws that seek to protect against discrimination. I don't believe excess to the bathroom of your choosing is something we need protection for. Heck, we currently *allow* discrimination in bathrooms. Based on sex. A male still can't used a women's restroom. All this bathroom bill stuff is about is if your own personal view of your sex can dictate what sex you are *under the law*. I'm sorry, but I reject that. You shouldn't be protected based on what you believe as there is no way of knowing if you are telling the truth. The *law* should require more than that. North Carolina got scared over the city of Charlotte's ordinance, and over reacted. Their requirement based on biological sex creates its own problems, and I object to their HB2. I hate how this debate has been spun to HB2 vs non HB2. There is a lot more to it that that. Now you got the Justice Department threatening schools to remove funding it they don't let the 6'6" 250lb trans female play for the women's basketball team (yes, school athletics is included). The state of North Carolina was also *only* addressing government facilities (including schools). This is something they do have control over. Just as the federal government can have control over the state governments. The city of Charlotte was forcing their laws on private businesses. This what caused a large amount of the uproar in the city. If you followed that law passing, your see it was far from a unanimous decision. And when it was passed, it was stated that the state could rule against it, even before any of the HB2 stuff came to be. I actually favor more local control. Which is another reason why I'm agains the HB2. But it's also why I'm against the Justice Departments "recommendation". And I *personally* would have voted against the city of Charlotte's ordinance if I had that ability, as it's something that I believe not even a local government should have control over. Sorry, a bit of a rant there. Edit: Also the threat on schools is coming from a "This is how we interpret the law to be, so you can't do anything against this "law" (that currently has no legal backing) or we are going to remove federal funding". I find that a blatant misuse of power. And a bit frightening for It's application in the future.
&gt; That protects everyone. No. What is does is picks a characteristic and says that any discrimination based on that characteristic is protected. Yes, that protects everyone *with that characteristic*. But it ignores other characteristics. It's still a power play. They can no longer discriminating based on a *specific group* (blacks, etc.), so they moved on to discriminating based on race collectively so they could still effectively treat blacks differently than another characteristic that isn't protected. It is the law saying that your skin color deserves more legal protection that your hair color. That your sex is more important than height. That your religious beliefs are more than your regular beliefs. If you can't even find the absurdity in the last one, there is no point in discussing this further. &gt; Again, I'm not sure your understanding the concept of "discrimination." The definition is: treating people unfairly/differently based on the category they belong to. My point is about what makes a protected class. So to be clear I'll ask, how should a *new* protected class be decided? Take the transgender issue right now. The rights of the first *individual* that was discriminated against due to being transgender wasn't of concern to the government to protect. **They didn't care about the "rights" of this individual".** *Only* once a group of people with that same form of discrimination did it become an issue *worthy of protecting*. I'm asking if it is so important that people aren't discriminated against, why do we not care about the individual? Why not protect attractiveness? Why not protected social anxiety or any mental disorder? Why not protect body odor? Why not protect nudists? Why not protect every characteristic? My question again, why do you need others to be discriminated against for the same reason you are to finally deserve the "right" to be protected? &gt; Just want to restate this one more time for maximum impact. Everyone has the right to not be discriminated against. I hope I've stated why this isn't what I'm addressing at all. If you still can't comprehend what I'm argueing by now, we can stop this discussion as we are on totally different pages. &gt; The government needs to be involved because, when that kind of shit was allowed, people did it all the time. You want the government to shape society by banning discrimination. I hold the belief that that government shaped our racist society with their racist laws from the passed and their belief that some people weren't worthy of equal protection. Jim Crow. Slavery. Lynching. Laws meant to arrest blacks (drugs, voting, etc.). Housing/Property laws. And there are plenty of laws addressing sex and the other protected classes. The federal government went "shit, we fucked up by requiring people to be racist. How about we require everyone to not be racist? Yeah, we're so smart". I do have my reservations about human nature, but I'd like for them to actually have a chance. They haven't. You assume they had this opportunity, history says otherwise. You think I'm too trusting of human nature? I think you're too trusting of government, which is just a collection of human nature made up of people with a desire for power and control. What could go wrong with that?
If you really don't think your vote will matter voting for Hillary, it might actually matter to Johnson. To reach 5% nationally. And with more voices in politics, even just a third choice, it makes it harder to apply the lazy "I'm the right pick, because the other guy is wrong" message.
What benefits does one get for registering as a Libertarian?
&gt; The principle that, when a business opens its doors to the public, that business enters into an implied contract to serve ALL of the public. Well this flat out false. Businesses are free to discriminate for tons of reasons. Its only the specific protected classes that are exempt from this fact. &gt; Further, when that business voluntarily opens its doors, the owners voluntarily agree to adhere to applicable laws and regulations -- whether they like those laws or not. This is a stronger argument, but still fails. Why? Because the government has made it so you can't produce and sell goods you create yourself freely. Thus they are mandating that they become a business and then must follow those laws and regulations if they wish to exchange goods with other people. So it's not fair to say, "well they voluntarily opened their doors" when their is no other way to exchange goods at amy level of capacity. &gt; To be clear, anti-discrimination laws do not, and cannot, abridge fundamental First Amendment rights. I know of no one who reasonably disagrees. I disagree. I believe they do, but interpretations of the 1st amenedment have given a different outcome currently. Let's look at one example because I think it's the easiest to pick at. The Civil Rights Act (an anti-discrimination law) protected religious beliefs from discrimination. You know what this does? It legally protects your belief *if it is backed by religion*, but doesn't if it isn't. The **law** treated your belief differently if it is backed by religion. That's just absurd. We could have the same belief, you say it's because of religion that you believe that and you would be protected, but it I believed it for simply my own moral reasons, it would not be protected. And I'm a Christian. Anti-discrimination laws are made because a vocal group of the populace demands them. There isn't some high moral standing behind them. If it was a right to be free from discrimination, everyone would be. If all discrimination was "bad" we wouldn't exempt secondary education from these laws. We wouldn't only protect sex and age in employment, but allow them to be discriminated against in public accommodation. If discrimination can be "good", why not allow if for race or nationality? Why not allow businesses to offer cheaper prices to blacks like they can to women and senior citizens?
Ah, that's isn't something I've considered before. Thanks. I *personally* still find it difficult to register to a party as I don't think I really belong to any. But I certainly enjoy spreading a more classically liberal ideology and advocating for more voices in the electoral process. So for now, that does comes with spreading the word of Gary Johnson and the Libertarian Party.
No, I'd prefer range voting. Scale of -5 (extreme disapproval) to +5 (extreme approval). IRV has way too many other problems.
&gt; Now its your turn if you will? What types of things make your political views at heart?! Liberty. Free Association. Limited government that can still control public works (infrastructure (roads), communications (Net Neutrality), the free market where it fails, etc.. Look up "Classical Liberalism" and I'm pretty much that. I fully agree with your small business point. &gt; Do you even care about what they talk about these days? If yes, which issues strike heart? Well most of *how* they discuss the issues I don't care about. Too much "my opponent is wrong, therefore I'm right" and the belief there are only two solutions to problems so lets only discuss those options. I really don't enjoy hearing what anybody says at this point. So I'll go back and address the topics you mentioned in your post. * Abortion - no strong opinion except for a strong opinion against either sides talking points. * Dealth Penalty - Against State vs Religion - Don't believe religion should be a protected class. Religious myself. * Guns - I sympathize with the pro-gun side, although I'm not highly invested in this topic. * Big Gov / Small Gov - Too divisive for me. Too much rhetoric. * Education - Needs improvement at the primary school level. But money doesn't solve everything. Too many people went to college, causing it to become expensive and not as effective as it used to be. * Healthcare - Needs **major** reform. I have my own ideas for solutions. Neither party would support it. * Immigration - Believe we have laws for a reason. I'm all for regulating who comes in and deciding who we believe will better our nation. As a nation who provides things to its inhabitants, I don't want us to be exploited.
Regarding political parties, George Washington's Farwell Address ... &gt; I have already intimated to you the danger of parties in the State, with particular reference to the founding of them on geographical discriminations. Let me now take a more comprehensive view, and warn you in the most solemn manner against the baneful effects of the spirit of party generally. &gt; This spirit, unfortunately, is inseparable from our nature, having its root in the strongest passions of the human mind. It exists under different shapes in all governments, more or less stifled, controlled, or repressed; but, in those of the popular form, it is seen in its greatest rankness, and is truly their worst enemy. &gt; The alternate domination of one faction over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge, natural to party dissension, which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism. The disorders and miseries which result gradually incline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the absolute power of an individual; **and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing faction, more able or more fortunate than his competitors, turns this disposition to the purposes of his own elevation, on the ruins of public liberty.** &gt; Without looking forward to an extremity of this kind (which nevertheless ought not to be entirely out of sight), the common and continual mischiefs of the spirit of party are sufficient to make it the interest and duty of a wise people to discourage and restrain it. &gt; **It serves always to distract the public councils and enfeeble the public administration. It agitates the community with ill-founded jealousies and false alarms, kindles the animosity of one part against another, foments occasionally riot and insurrection.** It opens the door to foreign influence and corruption, which finds a facilitated access to the government itself through the channels of party passions. Thus the policy and the will of one country are subjected to the policy and will of another.
The bathroom thing is actually much larger than that. The city of Charlotte (in North Carolina) made trangender a protected class. This means that one's perceived sex of oneself, is the sex that the law holds as truth. This mandated that public facilities *as well as private businesses* must allow a person into the bathroom of the sex they identify as. The *state* of North Carolina, in response, took away local control of determining such protected classes while *also* mandating that bathroom access (only in public facilities) be in accordance with ones *biological sex*. The Target thing is them declaring that they would be a business that would allow people to use the bathroom as the sex they identify as. Really not a major part of the discussion as it doesn't deal with law. Then the Federal Justice Department sent out a threat to public schools that said that if they don't allow students to access the bathroom of the sex they identify with, they would remove federal funding. This comes will no current legal standing behind it. It's the Justice Department saying that they think that sex should be interpreted to mean "identified sex", and if schools don't see it that way they won't receive federal funding. You'll hear on reddit that people are transphobic for being against it the threat on schools and supporting the state of North Carolina. But there is more to it than that. Everyone seems to want to dismiss it as some trivial matter now too. But it's gotten to a point about what the federal government can demand. There are currently, I believe, 13 states actually suing the Justice Department over this threat of federal funds.
He's pointing out what is more visible to the populace. That's politics. The same way he can support tariffs to support local jobs at the expense of economic growth. People can easily see their jobs leaving, they don't see "growth" that well. I'm not saying you're wrong, but I'm not going to start accusing people of such beliefs when their actions could be for other reasons.
The discussion is about what "sex" actually means. Is it your biological makeup or your gender identity? &gt; The state government cannot make laws that discriminate based on sex, per titles 7 and 9 of the civil rights act. Well title 7 deals with employment and title 9 deals with educational facilities and bans sex discrimination "under any educational *program* or *activity* receiving Federal finanical assistance". Does bathroom usage fall under that? Idk. There are also exemptions in place, such as in school athletics. Having sepearate male and female bathrooms is perfectly legal. It's actually required by many building codes. &gt; This is a very cut and dry matter, regardless of your politics. No. It really isnt, as I've explained above. I'm fully against the HB2, by the way. But I'm also against the Justice Departments threat as it sets a bad precedent and a power I certainly wouldn't want potential president Trump to exploit.
&gt; What threat on schools. "Do this, or we will "harm" you by removing funding". That's a threat. And when the law doesn't *currently* back up their interpretation of the law, they aren't coming from an actual legal standing. &gt; pretending that there's some kind of nuance to this bigotry. What bigotry? That "sex" is believed by some to be about biology and not personal identity? When did it become the "correct" view that it is to mean personal identity under the law? No, I don't support HB2. But I don't support either mandate. &gt; And if the problem is larger state bodies determining policy of smaller bodies, then why aren't these same jokers complaining about the state of North Carolina intervening with the state of Charlotte. Because there are people that interpret the 10th amendment to mean that the powers not bestowed upon the federal government are regulated to the states. &gt; It really is as simple as people being scared or just plain ignorant (or probably both) of trans people. Not doubting there are people like that, but there are plenty of other reasons to be against all this. - provides a legal protection to *anyone* to use which every bathroom they want as long as they say they identify as that sex. (you don't need to be trans). - the federal government threating to remove federal funding for what they "interpret" a law to mean. I'd be scared of Trump having that power. - some people believe we separate male and females in changing facilities/showers for a reason. They enjoy a *sense* of privacy and security. And it's our *perceptions* that guide our sense privacy. &gt; Pretty much any time that some majority of people dictate how some minority of people that they don't understand should behave, they end up getting it very, very wrong. I'd say anytime government (uh hum, a "majority" of people) wants to dictate how people should be *required* to treate some minority of people they get it wrong. Jim Crow Laws. Slavery. Voting rights. Unfair laws to imprison minorities. Housing requirements that sent minorities into shitty areas. Simply ignoring laws to allow lynchings. Plenty of more examples throughout history.
They are stepping in and saying that "sex", under the law, means gender identity. Even if you agree, they are threatening to take away funding with no current legal backing. And there are many people that believe that "sex" should be interpreted as biological. And there are logical reasons for this. Such as that gender identity is actually guided by society. If we didn't have gender norms, would all trans people feel uncomfortable in their body? Certainly the ones with body disphoria would, but I'm under the impression that not all trans people have that. And some are uncomfortable not their body simply because *society* tells them how they want to act and think is wrong. So I think there definitely are reasons to belief that there are difference between sex and gender identity. &gt; What is the justification for making the life of a young person harder? So life is harder because they can't use the shower of their choosing and ultimately they feel uncomfortable because of that? What about the female that can't decide to use another shower and must now share one with a biological male? If life is harder due to uncomforability, it just became harder for all the children that would be uncomfortable sharing a shower with someone with the opposing genitalia. &gt; Tax Argument There are TONS of things I don't support. And tons of thins I'd like to see redirected. This is a tired argument that does nothing.
I got... &gt; Pragmatic libertarians are libertarians who simply want to see government reduced and will use mostly means of politics to make that happen. You might be a Libertarian Party member or independent but you probably would not lose sleep voting for "the lesser evil", usually a Republican, as long as it is within reason. You advocate for specific policies that limit the size of government. You are probably more of a consequentialist libertarian in that you support libertarianism on the grounds that it is beneficial rather than on a moral grounds. An example of a pragmatic libertarian is Rand Paul. I think I have a bit more of a moral stance than it leads on, but overall I'd say it's pretty accurate. 43% Paleolibertarian 32% Purist Libertarian 31% Bleeding Heart Libertarian
One guys opinion does not a political stance make. &gt; Voter ID laws can be reasonable, if they're accompanied with processes to make getting that ID more reasonable. This isn't the stance most take. Those opposed will always at least be able to resort to travel as an excuse. Which I think is just a terrible excuse when you think of other things such as court attendance and jury duty that require travel. I'm from Wisconsin. Please tell me what portion of their laws don't meet your "reasonable" level?
I'm going to assume we simply disagree on public sector unions, but I do favor education. In what ways is he shredding the state university system? If money, has more money translated to better education? If a continuation of public unions, then we simply disagree again.
&gt; but why did you decide that point is Scott Walkers new budget? I didn't. He did. I don't know enough of the situation to give an educated opinion of how much money is needed. He's more involved in it than I am. BUT I can evaulate his choice, and see the outcome And make a decision based on that. If education is decreasing, that's a strike against him. If it's not, it's a positive for him as he just saved the state money without having a negative effect on education. Like I stated before, I have a preconceived notion that public funds are never used efficiently. So I can understand that if someone didn't, that they would want the burden to be on why *should we reduce it?* But my answer to that would be that education hasn't been increasing as budgets have gone up over time, and that schools are spending more on administrative costs and ammenities that aren't improving education. I'm not knowledgeable enough to declare what that proper level is. But I can see money being used in ways that aren't improving education. Therefore I can conclude that a reduction of funds has a good potential of not effecting education. I may be wrong. Walker may be wrong. But I've rationalized myself to favor the move more so than to oppose it. If results start showing negative effects, I'll accept to being wrong. If they don't (like recent evidence has shown (but I understand it can take longer to see the real effects)) than what he did was good. &gt; "starve the beast" This applies more to taxes than funding. Its about reducing taxes so government can't fund programs and take them out of existence by "starving" them. To assume it applies here is to say that Walker is cutting funding to starve educational facilities and take them out of existence. And you apparently believe that by this statement... &gt; he'll never be happy if one dollar goes to public education ...but I disagree. Most conservatives, and I'm assuming Walker too, enjoy public education and universities for what they provide. They simply desire that public money (that Walker is responsible for) should be used efficiently and effectively. So again, I'd need proof that funds were being used efficiently and effectively prior to the cuts. I never received that, therefore I was fine with the cuts he made. I would support increase public education funding if it was proven to improve education. But I haven't seen that proof either. I believe it *can* if funds are used effectively, I just don't have any belief that it would be used in such a way and the evidence mind of backs me up on that as it doesn't oppose it.
A vote for a third party candidate is more so a vote for the party than the candidate. They have no real shot of winning this election, but the *party* can receive federal election funding next election cycle if they get 5% of the vote nationally. Not sure how that influences you, but I think its something important to note.
Honestly I don't think the President should be endorsing anyone. They also shouldn't be showing party alligence. Obama ran as a democrat. He was elected to be the Democratic nominee. And then he was elected to be the President *of the United States*. Not president of the democrats of the United States. Party loyalty should be left at the door to the white house. Ideology and everything that comes with it will certainly remain. But party, shouldn't be acknowledged. Party also shouldn't be acknowledged by the federal government as it only helps to enforces their power, but that's another issue completely. IMO
"Mexican" isn't a race. I'm sick and tired of people and the media diluting that word to mean nothing. He made a comment about the Judge's Mexican heritage making him biased and unfit to make a unbiased decision on his behalf. It's a belief that heritage often comes with culture and points of view influences by that heritage. It's disrespectful for him to call out a Judge for believing he will be biased when there is no proof of such though. That's the problem here. Even if you wanted to make it truly about prejudice against a nationality, that's what it would be. Not about race. I'm not a Trump supporter at all, but this shit is ridiculous.
&gt; You have a soft spot for him, you can deny that, but this shit is serious. No, I don't. I have a soft spot for correcting misinformation. Which is rampant in politics. I've defended Hillary in r/politics also. And I'm not voting for either. What he said isn't racist, because Mexican isn't a race. That's fact.
It was more so ruined by fixing the house of representatives at 435. Instead of a congressman representing 50,000 people, they now represent 1,000,000 people.
Oh shut up. I'm tired of people using buzzwords to attack someone in politics. Like it isn't easy enough to call him out for the actual stupid comment he made which was to assume that the Judge is biased simply because he has Mexican heritage and therefore might be biased against "build a wall" Trump? He's saying the Judge has no intergrity to do his job correctly. That's a shameful comment with no evidence behind it. Lets rag on him for that. That should be easy enough. But No, we apparently would rather use incorrect buzzwords for media attention. Incorrect buzzword to attack a person to paint oneself in a better light. I know that's what politics is now, but It's stupid and shameful behavior in this case too. What he said was stupid and I hate him even more than I already did for saying it. But it wasn't racist. Stop using the word incorrectly. It does an injustice to all those that face actual racism.
Why did you use 2008 (when we all know was a record high year) instead of 2012 (which is more recent)?
I'll be the devil's advocate here considering the audience here. Now this certainly isn't from the extreme view on the matter, but I'll defend their position at least, not the rhetoric. Its about providing an additional *legal protection* for perverts to abuse *that didn't exist before*. That's what making gender identity a protected class for bathroom use does. Now a pervert can simply claim gender identity *as an excuse* for being in that bathroom. Certainly perverted *actions* such as sexual abuse will still be illegal. But it can allow perverts to fulfill whatever fetishes they have (voyeurism, etc.) that aren't easily detected and would often be something undocumented. I oppose these bathroom bills, but I also oppose the federal administrations actions on the matter. HONEST QUESTION HERE. What current law requires bathrooms to be separated by sex? If such a law exists, you want gender identity to replace sex? Why? Why should changing rooms be divided by your identity rather than genitilia differences? If there is no law, why are we implementing a law that requires bathrooms to be sepated by gender identity? This is why I don't understand how the school issue involves Title 9. Title 9 discusses how sex can't be used to discriminate for educational programs and activities. **But bathroom usage is *already* exempt from that**, proof being that there are make and female bathrooms. So even if sex is suppose to include gender identity (which has been the argument), how does that force bathrooms to be separated by gender identity? It just doesn't make any legal sense to me.
...Or don't pass the new protection that allows them in the bathroom/changing room in the first place. That way anytime a man is in a women's room (or vis versa), it can be addressed. Exactly what was happening before this whole issue came about.
&gt; You need to amend the Constitution. Why do people keep saying this. What part of the Constitution demands FPTP? It demands the electoral college, but doesn't stop a state from changing the vote tally system (Approval/IRV/Range voting instead of FPTP) and doesn't demand "winner take all" electoral votes so proportional vote counting would also be allowed. To answer your question, the more local, the more likely you will see change. Much easier to get your voice heard locally.Help to change the system in your city/county to provide a living example. And then work toward it at the state level to see it actually effect the presidential election.
&gt; but will this be the eventual death knell of other discrimination laws based on gender and sexual orientation? What laws are you referring to? &gt; Religious freedom laws? Allows a way around non-discriminatory laws. They are not discriminatory themselves. &gt; Adoption, housing, job discrimination? What laws related to these require discrimination based on gender and sexual orientation? &gt; Bathroom availability? We have discriminated on bathroom availability according to sex for awhile. Why is it suddenly needed to be divided by gender identity? Why has it not been wrong to stop a male (in body and mind) from going into the women's bathroom? Have we established certain social barriers for a reason? &gt; Sexual reassignment surgery access? This is one point I haven't really heard about. What laws discriminate against sexual orientation? &gt; Will being outed as homophobic or transphobic be as damaging politically as being outed as racist? Is it already? So anyone not in support of "non-discrimination" laws is homophobic or transphobic? Is it discrimination to protect race, but not gender identity? If so, is it discrimination to protect gender identity, but not the many other characteristics that aren't protected?
&gt; Do you know what a hate crime is? Yep, a made up term to feed our superiority complex that has made its way into law. If I harm you because I hate your hair color or the clothes you wear or your personality, why should that be defined differently and punished less than harming you just because you belong to some perceived social group? If I harm you because I hate your specific skin pigmentation, but am fine with everyone else's skin pigmentation why should I be punished less than someone that harms you because you have a skin color of a certain social group that we have chosen to lump together? I'm honestly asking.
And it's legal to discriminate for a ton of reasons. At what point should those reasons/characteristics be protected? Once people are getting fired or not hired? Should unattractive people be protected due to them having less ability to obtain jobs? Once people are losing houses or not being able to rent? Should people with low credit scores/criminal history be denied on that basis? They could have money now and be removed from a life or crime. Where does your view of "injustice" begin and end?
Well it would help if EVERYONE wasn't conflating Title II with Net Neutrality. So I'm not surprised by his comment as he is talking to the "everyman" that has no idea that the Title II reclassification that took place did *much more* than just ensure Net Neutrality. And the idea they are the same thing seems to be showing up in every reddit thread regarding "Net Neutrality". So I don't know why I should believe even those in favor of the regulations have any idea what they are talking about either. I support Net Neutrality by the way, and Title II reclassification. But that doesn't mean I don't have some concerns over the power that was granted to the FCC.
You know what else protects citizens? Stopping the poor from having children. If we had the poor die out, there would be a lot less poor people. This saves them from a higher probability of living a poor life that has a higher probability of involving crime. No danger there. Let's enforce it. ... Oh wait, people like to have control over their own bodies? Huh.
It's not a strawman. I'm not saying "this will occur if we allow this other thing". It's simply an example that follows *your* view that "government should force protection on people". **It's a Litmus Test**. Feel free to tell me why mandated vaccines are acceptable and a mandated sterilization injection is not. I'm just trying to understand your rationale.
Yes, we need innovation in internet infrastructure. What we do over these wires will demand more and more bandwidth as we progress as a society. By innovation, I mean upgrading the lines with better technology as it becomes available and cost effective enough to implement. Once the "lines" are owned by "all", it removes the incentive to upgrade your own lines because anything you put money toward, helps everyone, giving you no competitive advantage. So no one will spend money when they can't benefit from it. It becomes a stalemate. The government could possibly start taking fees for an "innovation" fund, but that becomes another whole issue. Such as how much, when it should be spent, what it should be spent on, etc..
I'm fine with declaring corporations have no right to spend their funds on political expenditures. Corporations are a legal creation to *separate* the company from individuals. So why would an owner have a right to use that money that, by law, is not fully even theirs to begin with? But, I do support "money as free speech". Meaning I support an individuals right to use their money to petition the government. And people can do that by helping to spread the word of a political candidate that supports their views.
Restricting me from spending money to help spread the word of a political candidate that i want to help change the current governmental system is a **huge** restriction on free speech and an individual's right to petition their government. Equal money won't result in equal exposure. Trump or any celebrity would kill. So would any well known politician, like Hillary. How does that help people like Bernie Sanders, or even your neighbor that's running for office that you fully support politically? If he didn't receive any money, he would have made no impact...and my next point is, you now probably support some money and just setting a limit on it. So why is that limit the correct amount and why is it right to allow some spending, but not any over that arbitrary line?
&gt; would really like to be able to offer tiered services and prioritize content from certain sites. So beyond those fake little things that have been circulating for awhile that showed this possibility, what evidence is there that this was a possible scenerio? You even declare that "they would really like to" so there must be quite a bit of evidence showing this strong desire. Can you point me to that info? &gt; ISPs filed suit, essentially arguing that the FCC does not have the power under existing laws to classify them as a utility or subject them to rules demanding they engage in the same neutrality required of the companies which owned the phone lines with regards to their use for Internet access. So, something I still don't understand after reading your comment, is what the ruling actually was. What did it rule? Was it just about the equal treatment of content? Did it cover all of the regulation powers that were granted to the FCC through Title II (which exceeded what is necessary to insure Net Neutraility)? Because your statement seems to lump in two different ideas, and I can't tell if the ruling actually addressed both.
I think his point is when do those definitions become "truths"? If I call the color of my shirt blue, and then a big enough group of people come in and call it pink or come up with a new word for that color blue, am I suddenly wrong for calling it blue? The idea that the "majority shapes reality" is a terrifying thought, even if language and life plays out that way.
&gt; Do you still have a right to an education? We *don't* have a right to public education....so I don't see your point.
Ignore the nakedness and crossword and discuss politics. Ask him why he believes a "no fly, no buy" bill isn't against the 2nd and/or 5th amendment. Ask him how he views the passage of the ACA. Even though it was originally called a "penalty" that was found unconstitutional, why does suddenly changing the word to a "tax" negate its unconstitutionality? Ask him how public fears of corporatism are being addressed when he desired to mandate the public to purchase services from a private business. Ask him if he still supports his pick of Loretta Lynch and her view of civil forfeiture. Ask him his views on it also. Ask him why he seems to be so partisan (constantly making comments against Republicans) when he's no longer a Democrat party nominee, but the God damn president of *the United States*. ... And on and on.
&gt; I just find it really bizarre that Gary Johnson is front paging when there wasn't any mention of him at all during the primaries. Because the "primaries" involve two parties that *people can actually vote for* so they are much more invested in that process. It was also a much longer process than the Libertarian nominee process, thus more coverage. ALSO, not much is happening with the other two candidates right now. News is slow on that front, so it allows Johnson a better opportunity to make the front page. Once Trump and Clinton were the presumptive nominees, the air time focused on the primary drama, decreased dramatically. As the candidates condense (Bernie evaporating), it also means more discussing toward everyone currently in the running (including Johnson). It's not bizarre at all. It's logical. &gt; With that being said, which party do you think takes the bigger hit from people voting for a Libertarian party candidate? Republicans. The "polls" showing equal or even more from Democrats, are filled with democrats that are still pissed that Bernie didn't win. But as the election comes closer, they will fall in line to vote for Clinton (at polls will start to show that). That could be of Trump also, but he's much more of a wild card. And history shows that Libertarians pull more from conservatives than liberals.
What ever side you stand on with abortion, I appreciate the level of debate to be had between Libertarians on this issue, and I think others should too. It actually seems to be substantive and not just pure talking points of "baby murderers" and "women haters". I like to point people one either side to these types of discussions. I personally still have a hard time having a firm stance on this issue, but greatly enjoy the discourse.
Someone downvoted you. I have no idea why. This is a **real** problem that we should acknowledge. It plays into my decision making process too as a member of a swing state. I fully agree with your point. Its much easier to sell a 3rd party vote to those who's votes really won't matter. And when the Libertarian party is simply striving for 5% *nationally*, a vote for Johnson isn't wasted like it is in those deep blue or red states where they are striving for a state majority.
Because the GOP is completely fine with the law as it stands now. Any added regulations is already a compromise in the eyes of Republicans. So the amount of regulations is up to Democrats. Lets use your reasoning. If democrats wanted to add 10 regulations, and the gop proposed adding 2, they should compromise on 6. If democrats wanted to add 100 regulations, and the gop proposed adding 2, they should compromise on 51. At what point does "compromise" stop being compromise in your book?
&gt; The GOP is fine with spree shootings on a regular basis that other countries don't have? Disgusting but not surprising, sadly. We have laws against drunk driving. It still happens. Why not have laws requiring breathalizers to be installed in cars? Imposing laws doesn't automatically translate to whatever you hope the law does. And they aren't always the best measures around the principles of "liberty" that our nation tries to live by. They aren't fine with spree killings just as much as they aren't fine with murder to begin with. Both are illegal. Are other countries fine with the amount of homicides they have? Or is "by gun" the only thing that matters to you? &gt; Can you honestly say the Democrats asked for even everything they want in their plans? When you're the one proposing change, you're the one that **needs** to compromise. If we are playing a sport and I come along and want to change the rules, the burden on is on me. And you have the ability to sit back and just say no, or accept a couple of the changes if you like them or think it will appease me enough so we can keep playing.
Why? Do we have a right to freedom of association? Why should that be limited by a few characteristics? What determines when these characteristics should be "protected"? What are the protected against? Why isn't everyone granted this protection? Sure it covers all races,skin color, religions, etc., but it doesn't cover other characteristics that may hurt certain people more than others. And at what point does that characteristic deserves protection? If we need a group to be discriminated against before they are protected, that means we don't care about the individual who faced discrimination before it became a group problem. Do you think that is right?
No, not at all. We have a right to freedom of assocation. That should include being allowed to produce a product and provide it to whoever you want and not provide it to someone you don't. **I favor this right, more than the "social progress" infringing it *might* provide.** Emphasis on might. There are plenty of social changes that can be made that don't completely infringe on specified rights. Even "liberty" is restricted though. But we all accept that. Murder is illegal for example. That's a mandated "social change" to disincentive killing people. But those limits are often viewed as infringmemts on rights of others. Thus murdering someone is infringing their right to life. But for public accomodation, I don't believe there is any right to force someone else to provide you the service that they decided to create.
By that reasoning, any challenge to current law is inherently wrong. I don't accept such a view.
Rejecting my view as insane so that you don't have to acknowledge it with an actually response... Imagine if people did that with every view that they didn't agree with. Oh, never mind, that's just current politics.
&gt; I don't understand this at all. Jim Crow laws (and the patently lopsided and unequal social hierarchy that accompanied them) were not going anywhere without a Federal "mandate." I want the government to limit government, not individuals. The "mandate" would simply make it so state governments couldn't produce laws that take away *individual rights*. What the Civil Rights Act did was put a mandate on individuals, taking away their rights. &gt; when everybody else thinks it's about [this](http://www.adl.org/combating-hate/hate-on-display/c/burning-cross-1.jpg). Are you against two sticks being burned or the relationship between that cross and the **illegal** activities that the KKK participated in? The governments (federal and state) didn't enforce the law. They didn't view blacks as citizens in need of protection that the constitution granted to all men. They allowed lynchings to be carried out. Q my fault our past governments were made up of racist assholes. The government took rights away from these people. And you're blaming me for not wanting government deciding which *particular* characrteristics should be protected and leave everyone else to fend for themselves. Do you not see that connection at all? &gt; The Civil Rights Act was necessary to enforce the 14th Amendment, No it wasn't. Not the whole thing at least. Definitely not the part about public accommodation which is what my whole point is about. &gt; such as the Montgomery bus boycott might illuminate you. A **public** bus that discriminated. Again, I'm against the government discriminating. Which is why I'm against the Civil Rights Act.
I disagree. Libertarianism is a *political* ideology. They proposing *laws* that are socially tolerant. Someone expressing their intolerance isn't a trait of libertarians anymore than any other group. Simply because libertarians want to not make such a behavior illegal, does not mean they support it.
I'm also against Title 7 which deals with employment when related to private businesses. But you're right, I could clarify my stance better. But honestly it wouldn't reduce the amount of animosity I get for such a view. I'm still against the law as a whole, and that's all that matters to most people. They don't care about my view or why I hold that view, they just see it as wrong or "racist".
&gt; It's really interesting watching the Democrats be proactive and hammer the ~~Republicans~~ *constitution* here. Sorry, I favor due process. &gt; I think it's very unlikely they lose in the court of *what they view to be* public opinion with this one. Sorry, polls aren't facts. If "90% of the American people support..." was fact, that would mean I'm not part of the American public as I was never polled. I understand we stand on different sides of this issue, but I'm beyond myself watching all this happen. I think what they want to pass is shameful and what they are doing here and now shameful also.
Polls *attempt* to be representative. You can use polls to get a *feel* of something. You shouldn't use it in your reasoning to pass bills in favor of the "American public". Why do we even vote? Why don't we just use polls? Or do you think your vote actually is more important than some poll number? I like to think mine is. And this entirely ignores the fact that most/all polls aren't truly free from bias. How is it conducted? Phone interviews? Well that's only representative of people that will take the time to answer a call from a number they don't know and take the time to answer poll questions. Yes, I know how polls work. That's why I know they are mostly bullshit and can be conducted in a way to produce certain outcomes. There are confidence intervals, but that still doesn't factor in all the biases that have a potential of existing.
&gt; I think you should research statistics. I have and have dealt with them. That was my mention of confidence intervals. And I've conducted my own t-tests. &gt; Now, polls can clearly be off, but in this primary season they have been incredibly accurate with the exception of Michigan. Are you talking about candidates now? Because there is a big difference in a poll that basically says "who are you going to vote for" and do you support "universal background checks" (what does that mean exactly, does the average poll taker even know?). Or do they know how people are put on the no fly list, but yet support using it to take away rights? I'm listening to C-Span right now...Rep. John Garamendi (as well as many prior) are labeling people in the no fly list as "terrorists". As in that just because they are on a suspect list, that they are automatically terrorists. He asked why Republicans are fine with allowing terrorists to purchase guns. He actually asked that. Its fucking infuriating. The public eats this shit up. So I have no confidence they know what they are even answering in polls either. That fact on top of the the possible bias in polls, gives me no confidence in what they actually say.
Maybe you can tell me then. I was lead to believe... * No fly, no buy. I'm strongly against using a list that I have no idea what requirements there are to be placed on it or what limitations there are to prevent anyone from showing up on the list to remove an individual's rights. So with this alone, I'm against their bills. * Universal Background Checks. This I'll admit I'm not sure what it means. All commercial sales (even those done online and at gun shows) need their buyers to face background checks. So are they wanting to make the requirements on person to person transactions at the Federal level that some states have? If so, all guns or only some? If so, how is it enforced? They have been talking for 14 hours and haven't taken the time to actually explain what they want to pass. They just continue with rhetoric and emotional appeals.
Again, please tell me what the "universal background check" proposed all entails. I'm truly asking. And no, it's not a loophole. A loophole is something the law legally allows that it wasn't suppose to. The government not doing what they are suppose to do in a certain timeframe is not a loophole. It's incompetence. &gt; I have debated gun control for nearly 15 years, I know all the tricks that are played to make laws toothless. So what is making these laws toothless? Why was it the laws fault in Charleston? Why was it the laws fault in Orlando as Democrats make it appear?
I don't own a gun or plan on ever owning one. I still support the 2nd and 5th amendment though. &gt; You'd rather ban an entire religion of people than do *anything* dealing with gun control? We already have gun control. They are proposing more. So now we evaluate their proposals. No fly, no buy. Using an arbitrary list (no need even for probable cause) that bans someone from their right, seems pretty unconstitutional to me. And yet they deem it "common sense". It's condescending at the very least, batshit crazy at its highest. And not everyone against Democrat proposals, wants to ban Muslims. That's an illogical argument to make. Also the Republicans (and even the NRA) in the Senate was okay with some added gun control measures, but those were shot down by Democrats.
&gt; I understand that you think the issue is about radical islam. It's not just about that, but we should be asking WHY these people desire to break the law and kill innocent lives. And it mainly comes down to cultural differences and deep disagreements in general. How do we precisely address that? I'm not exactly sure, but that is also what others think and why it's not discussed as the problem. Because a politician isn't going to scream a problem without having a "solution" to it. So they attack something else and use it as a vessel to show they are "doing something" even if it truly won't. (the proposed "no fly, no buy" and universal background checks wouldn't have prevented *any* of the latest mass shootings) This is one negative side effect of our "melting pot" of a country. We have a country with many different views. And sometimes disagreements become so heated that people don't care about consequences or believe their actions are more important than the consequences. I know this sounds like a "well it's just going to happen so there is nothing we can do" type of response. But it's not fully that. I think there are ways to try and at least reduce this animosity we have toward each other. I personally, just don't have a great answer to address that. But I'd like to open the dialog on this question, instead of making the issue about guns.
&gt; * 85% supported the idea of "Preventing people who are on the US government's Terrorist Watchlist or no-fly list from owning guns." And what percentage of those people believe incorrectly that the Terror Watchlist is simply a list of terrorists we are watching? And not just some list with no limitations to who could be found on it? &gt; * 92% supported background checks on all firearms purchases. How many people believe what we have now encompasses that? That either they incorrectly believe that all transactions are covered or they believe that private transactions shouldn't fall under "purchases" (aka sales)? &gt; * 54% supported bans on high-capacity magazines. What do people view as a high capacity magazine? &gt; * 54% supported bans on semi-automatic "assault guns" How many people know what an "assault gun" even is? &gt; * 55% supported the general idea of "stricter gun control laws." How many know of the current rules? &gt; but there's no argument against it being great politics. If 80%+ of this deeply divided country can agree on something, it's not going to look good to be on the side against it. It's a poll. It's not fact. You can use polls to help predict something and get a feel for something. That's it. Factor in my above questions, and polls like this shouldn't be used as "evidence" of what the American people want. I want them to provide the American people the bill they want to propose and then we can have a poll on support or not. Would they have been allowed to read the bill during their 24+ hour sit in? Because that would have been nice instead of a Rep. from California asking Republicans to come and say why they support allowing Terrorists to have guns (yes, he did that). Or misleading the public on when background checks apply online and at gun shows. Or mentioning assault weapons and not once even trying to explain what an assault weapon is on why it would be necessary to ban them but not other guns (where the line is drawn). Or using the phrase "common sense" and "sensible" a deeply condescending amount. Or other Rep. calling anyone allowed to such "common sense" legislation is an idiot. (he didn't use the word idiot, but he made the point very clear).
Shooting at a crowd that you are part of is a threat to yourself. I'm asking what the threat is of the UK leaving the EU. From other responses it seems to just be uncentainty as of now. And I can understand how uncertainty is part of the evaluation of risk that the stock market deals with.
This what I'm sick of hearing. Just because the solution others have isn't, "give the people money (subsidise them)", they must be evil and not care about people or education. You know what, I want to fix the actually problem. High costs. Subsidising demand only raises costs. Yes it's cheaper for that individual, but it's more expensive for everyone collectively. And this is why people think people like you just want "free stuff". Because it's the type of solution that hands out money and doesn't actually solve the problem. And it is more selfish to think at the individual level than the collective level. If you really cared about "other people" you wouldn't be so shortminded in your solutions. Look at how easy access to student loans have raised prices dramatically as proof if you somehow don't believe me.
Hahaha. Subsidizes are a crutch. They aren't a solution. I truly don't understand how you can think otherwise. Easy access to students loans were basically a subsidy as they artificially increase disposable income which raises prices. And that part of what put us in such a shitty situation now. So why does more subsidies fix that? Honestly, truly honestly asking, how do you believe subsidies will fix the high cost of education? Or do you only care that it's affordable for the person getting the education? Well it will be cheaper for them, sure, but it will be more expensive *collectively* because prices will only increase due to demand sided subsidies. We need a better educated citizenry, of course. But subsidies (or free college which is just more subsidies) aren't the way to do it.
Would you mind specifying how you believe each of those are being attacked legal or being debated as harmful? Not that I disagree with you, I'd just like to see it all spelt out and see if I agree.
&gt; They are not subsidizing demand, they are subsidizing cost. You can subsidise demand or you can subsidise supply. Those are your choices. Tutition subsidies are subsidies on demand. They are tied to the individual. &gt; Energy subsidies are measures that keep prices for consumers below market levels or for producers above market levels, or reduce costs for consumers and producers. Yes, those are supply subsidies. They are implemented to increase supply and thus reduce prices. They have different uses and a different effect than demand sided subsidies. &gt; Lastly, if you believe that "easy access to student loans" are what have collectively raised tuition prices, you should not accuse others in being "shortminded" ;P Can you explain what you mean by this? I don't support easy access to student loans. I don't support artificially inflating what someone can truly afford to pay. It ruins the economy when people that can't pay them off are provided access to them.
&gt; I just don't think *doing nothing* is a better plan than the ones we currently have to choose from. And I can completely understand that. But I certainly don't want to start walking down path A when I want to travel down path B if the divide between them is significant enough. (and here I think it is, even if you may disagree). It's hard voting for politicians rather than policies. If I vote for a politician, my vote is seen as full support for their policy positions. So even if I saw path A and B as being parallel and close together, it would still be impossible for me to support Bernie (or Hillary). But if I don't support him, the others aren't really offering anything great in this area, so it seems like I don't care about those areas of I vote for them. I still have that conservative view in me. I still know there is waste in any governmental system. That's just how it is. (Milton Friedman's four ways of spending money.) They get their funds based on what they propose they need, and they will always ask for more than they need. When we see administrative salaries rise, what am I suppose to think? When school funding has increased over the years (faster than inflation) with no improvement to education, why would I believe more money is the solution? When I see funding cuts, with no decrease to education, what am I suppose to think? My grandmother was a teacher. My mother was a teacher. Both conseratives. I have 3 close friends that are elementary school teachers, all liberals. One just got laid off due to budget cuts (she got a job somewhere else-they relocated her). They hate our governor. I don't think if they had $5,000 more in the budget, that they would have kept her anyway. They will keep hiring cheap rookie teachers because they have no incentive to better education and they would rather add to their administrative wages. I can't discuss these thoughts with them because it becomes too much of an emotional argument that really isn't even worth the discussion. I don't know. I'd like to see someone try and tackle the tough questions and potential solutions. But it seems liberals want to throw money at the problem (which I think rarely helps) and conservatives just want to sit around and bitch about how liberals are controling education. I think there are valid concerns all around, but the solutions just seem to be half-assed.
Good thing the goal of 5% will help the **Libertarian Party** much more than Johnson himself then.
&gt; the government has violated the constitutional guarantee of the separation of church and state. That's a pretty stupid claim actually, since there is no constitutional guarantee of "the separation of church and state". The constitution was originally a limit on the federal government. The first amendment stating "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof" is 100% a statement restricting government. It imposes nothing on religious individuals or institutions. Plus, "Authorizing" them to impose religiously based restrictions is not the same as "congress making a law". So I don't believe they have anything to stand on here. Even if you disagree, it's still stupid to use an incorrect statement of the constitution in your defense. And I'm not some religious nut trying to defend them. I don't even believe religion should be a protected class.
In what ways?
Bigot - **intolerant** of another person's opinions. This guy isn't a bigot for not desiring to link his beliefs to Trumps. He'd only be a bigot if he desired to shut out Trump's opinions. Although, calling him names is trying to make his opinions worthless, so it's certainly a move toward that. Trump isn't a bigot either. I don't know of which opinions he has been shutting out and being **intolerant** of. It seems most of people against Trump are the bigot ones for truly being intolerant of his views. Even if you view his opinions as wrong and hurtful, you are still a bigot for being intolerant of them. That's just what the word means. Which is why it's a word used most often by those that are bigots.
&gt; "BAN ALL MUSLIMS" Is he intolerant of their religion or intolerant of their religion because it promotes the killing of people? He wants to ban them to limit the amount of people that are influenced by such a religion, to not be here in America to kill other Americans. He's a nationalist. He doesn't care about foreigners. He cares about Americans. If you're suggesting being intolerant of someone's desire to murder someone else is bigoted, then sure, he is a bigot. &gt; "BUILD THE WALL" Same principle as above. Although instead of a religion that promotes murdering, it's about defending against an influx of people that are coming into the country illegally. This is not intolerance of one's opinion, it's intolerance of the people in general breaking the law. He supports legal immigration. He uses incendiary comments, no doubt. And sure, I'd agree he's intolerant of people in general. I think that comes with being a nationalist. They care more about their fellow citizens than those that aren't. I'll take "Trump isn't a bigot" back. Because I truly think everyone (me included) is a bigot in at least some minor way, which I pretty much explained in my original comment. &gt; you guys Not a Trump supporter in the slightest. I don't support most of his views. I guess I'm just more *tolerant of his opinions* than you are.
Did you even read my comment... &gt; I'll take "Trump isn't a bigot" back. Because I truly think everyone (me included) is a bigot in at least some minor way, which I pretty much explained in my original comment. And remember, a bigot is intolerant of **opinions**. If he is intolerant of Muslims for wanting to bar all of them from this nation ("even 5th good ones") then liberals are intolerant of gun owners for wanting to bar all of them on some arbitrary list ("even the good ones"). But since those examples have to do with the **actions** of a few, it's not a bigoted view, it's just intolerance.
The Wolf Pac petition states &gt; "I support a Constitutional amendment saying that corporations are not people and they do not have the right to spend money to buy our politicians." This I support. But I don't support taking the rights of the individual to petition their government or to spend their own money on a candidate they support away. And I'm unclear on their true message as the headline of the petition covers only that corporate influence, but their message as a whole seems to include "billionaires". If its only targeting corporations, then I would love to sign. But I'm not sure If that is what I'm signing up for, and that makes me unable to sign it at this point.
Exactly. Even if they are "fighting back" by providing the "other side" of the news, it makes **this place** one sided. And therefore when people are only exposed to this one side, they are still just as biased. We either expect people to go out and seek both sides of the story or we don't. If you expect that, then you can create your own biased news of you want. If we don't expect that, maybe we should work at creating a more neutral atmosphere instead of "fighting back" and creating our own ecochamber in another area.
And does that definition make Trump a bigot? * Muslim Ban - He doesn't believe Muslims as a group are terrorists. But he does view a ban on all Muslims as a n effective way to stopvthose that are terrorists from coming in. * Mexico Wall - He's opposed to **Illegal** immigrants. Not Mexicans as a group. * Mexican Heritage Judge - Individual that he believed would be biased. He doesn't dislike him or his believed, he just xidnt trust him to be impartial. That's offensive in itself, to make such and accusation. But it's not bigoted. Also "strongly and unfairly" is quite subjective.
I'm curious to know if it's been "instrumental" in **increasing poverty among the non-elderly**. Its up to a 12.4% tax on income at this point. Its a regressive tax. I'm really curious if there's a study on this side of it, because I truly can't see how it hasn't negatively effected the non-elderly. If we are going to provide government assistance, doesn't it make more sense to provide assitence to the elderly rather than taxing the young, give that money to the elderly, and then provide assistance back to the young and poor that the government took money from?
Because the government isn't stealing from you. A consumption tax is a regulation on businesses. It is an imposition on businesses, not consumers. As a consumer you are just paying a single price. The business just includes that prices in the amount they are to collect from you (even if they don't advertise it as such). It's basically a fee the government forces businesses to collect for every transaction they participate in. That's at least how I could see it argued.
&gt; (1) The right to body autonomy is so basic it almost goes without saying. It's ridiculous to act like this is just about abortions. If we had a right bodily autonomy, a right to our own body, abortion at 26 weeks would need to be a right. It isnt. Therefore we don't have a right to bodily autonomy. This continues to be a terrible argument for pro-choice people. (I'm not pro-life)
Well prices are only high **because** of insurance (plus a bunch of other influences). Insurance inflates "perceived disposable income". It allows us to pay for something we normally couldn't afford. Well, sellers know this and therefore raise their prices. This fucks over anyone that doesn't have insurance. Having employer paid insurance also artificially raises this disposal income. Our economy has worked toward having everyone on insurance. The ACA continued this trend. Susidizing the people also artifically inflates disposable income. But all of this inflates prices. It's not that we can't afford health care in our market. It's that our market has made it so we can't afford it. We need to fix the market, not continue on the path of raising prices. But nope, I'm crazy for thinking that.
And as more people get a store card, it incentivizes the retail establishment to raise the cost of that can of coke. They know no one can pay that cost. By pricing it for $16,000,000,000 they aren't selling the can of coke, They are selling the store card. And now you see America hell bent on trying to get everyone a store card. This continues to incentivize the retailer to raise the price to get every person left that didn't make the store card purchase yet to do so. This process continues to fuck over anyone that has yet to purchase the store card. When employers are paying for insurance, it artificially inflated disposable income, raising prices. When the government is subsidising individual's payments, it does the same. When they require you (under penalty of a "tax") to purchase this store card from the retailer, it continues this shitty process. &gt; Holy fuck, America, what the hell is wrong with your pharmaceutical system!? Our government!! But half the population disagrees so we continue this mess. We can continue to blame them by mentioning regulations which add barriers to entry and less competition. But no, people on Reddit will tell you that everyone needs that "Store Card" and we need to mandate everyone to have one. But you know what? That does nothing to lower the selling price. And when everyone has a store card, they will just come out with a *premium* store card and the process will continue. Because we aren't solving the actual problem! (Thanks for the analogy)
I'm so happy. This is the first thing on Gary Johnson I'm comfortable and **excited** about sharing with other people. &gt; Heck, I may even donate more just to make sure the production quality only gets better. I'll be donating. My first political contribution to a party or candidate. &gt; I just hope they don't resort to attack ads on Trump and Hillary. Me too. Just the subtle, "there's a third choice you may be interested in" is all they need to do.
Honestly...why? These two guys are not going to win. Their "win" is getting 5% nationally. That 5% gets them federal funding funding for the next election cycle. Not for them as candidates, but for the Libertarian Party. A Libertarian Party with more funds on hand will be less restrained to desire a candidate that can spread a broader message. With more funds, there is a higher potential for the party to nominate a truer Libertarian. Do you disagree?
Certainly. But that's such a simple trade-off that we aren't even trying to address the problem anymore, we are getting into stupid hypotheticals.
What is his policy? I didn't think it was "open borders". I thought it was easier (more) access to work visas. Not citizenship.
&gt; Premiums in the U.S. were increasingly going up for years before the ACA was passed. Because of regulations that create barriers to entry and limit competition. Because of increasing employer provide health care. This artificially inflated disposable income. It makes the market believe customers can afford more than they actually can. (The ACA has made this even worse by requiring it). &gt; How can you be certain *your* premiums wouldn't have gone up anyway if the ACA had never passed? More people under "insurance" provides an incentive for health care providers (and therefore insurance companies) to charge more. When more people are under a program where the consumer isn't making the true payments, it shift equalibrum to higher prices. More subsidies (injecting more money into the hands of consumers) creates more disposable income. That in turn, raising prices. This *artificial* increase distorts markets negatively. &gt; Or that they might have gone up even more than they did? Can you tell me anything the ACA did to actually try and reduce costs/prices?
Only 22 candies from one hatched Growlithe. 96 IV, so he's my buddy.
&gt; Fingerprints ??
Why are people reporting that he "wants" it? His comment didn't seem to give that impression to me. All the said that the only it was the only way to be 100% protected from hacking. He wasn't proposing that it should be implemented.
&gt; It's pretty obvious that Obama is pro-legalization What makes you say that?
&gt; you can't have pre-existing conditions coverage *and* have no individual mandate. Why? We don't even have a mandate now, we have a non-enforceable tax penalty for non-compliance. I'd content that we can't have pre-existing condition coverage and **insurance**. Covering non-risk in a risk assessed system just doesn't work from the beginning. The ACA and new proposed plans ignore this reality. Our health care system is a mess. I wish we could start targeting the actual problems. Mainly artificially increasing purchasing power, which demand subsidies (by the ACA), employer provide insurance (pre-ACA, but now forced under ACA), and insurance companies in general all contribute to.
Well did you pay any attention to the GOP plan? They have **always** been for keeping the 25 years of share parental coverage and pre-existing coverage. Seriously, I know there is plenty to **disagree** with their plans and their actions, but there is no reason to wrongly attack them for getting rid of something that they want to keep.
The GOP plan has them **keeping** the 25 year parental coverage and pre-existing condition coverage. It is a common refrain on reddit in r/politics, which shows the ignorance of this sub.
True. But that doesn't make it Trump's fault for saying it. It's the medias fault for reporting on it and attempting go make it a big deal. Its not like Trump was making some huge speech based on this idea.
Is convicted felon suppose to make me think poorly of him, and therefore Trump? Or should previously convicted felons that serve their time, be reintegrated into society without too much disdain? Or does that type of thinking not apply to billionaires?
And yet liberal, for example, believe Obama supports legalizing weed. "He had a clear opportunity to strongly come out in defense of legalizing weed, yet he stayed partisan and "safe". Its fucking politics.
There is more to an ethics commitee and what the GOP wanted to do to it than just "removing ethics" entirely. I'd love an actual discussion on it, because I am not that well informed on the subject. But all we are seeing in this sub is "da Republicans hate ethics". Or tiny quotes from the article that try to explain what is going on. But that rarely paints a picture of what the actual issues are and what the GOP plan actually entails. Because even facts are often used in conjunction with leading opinions. This is how id like to hear a debate go down. Why should we have the ethics committee? Why does the GOP want to "gut" it, (from their perspective)? Why are those concerns unfounded or complete lies (from the other perspective)? Rebuttal? Rebuttal? And then i can make up my own mind. I hate someone deciding what my opinion should be before they inform me of the situation.
Easiest way? Be the one that feeds your dog meals. He will associate you with food and happiness. Other than that, playing (tug of war, fetch, etc.), training (teach sit (give treat and affection), teach come (give treat and affection), etc.), and walks offer lots of bonding time. But do make sure your other family members can partipiate in those activities too. You want the dog to be comfortable with everyone in the house, or it will be harder on you and harder on the dog when you do leave for school. If you can, find the treats he loves and let you be the one that gives him those types of treats whereas other family members can give him others. This is judging a lot from just your comment, but please dont become too protective of your dog. He needs to socialize with others, especially those he will be surrounded by most of the day. You dont want a dog that can't live without you by their side, because when you are gone, you're doing emotional harm to your dog. You'll be fine. Just love it and it will love you back.
Quoted as saying "Moderate party". Title declares "centrist stance". Hillary may be a moderate, but she isn't a centrist. If you contend that, I'd love a description on why she is a centrist.
How so? What Right policies have been enacted and what policies have been removed due to the right supporting its removal? What part of their "agenda" has been moving forward? EDIT: My point is that we HAVE moved left, and therefore CURRENT public perceptions are percieved as being more right compared to the past.
I label myself as a classical liberal. The fact is, I associate more with Republicans than Democrats. At least Republicans somewhat promote liberty in the economic sphere. Democrats dont even truly push for liberty in the social sphere, they just push for whats advantageous to them. For example, consanguity marriage, incest, gun rights, *actual* "equal protection under the law", etc. are not things they support. I also belief social progress can *progress* even in the face of government intervention. Just as society grew more accepting of blacks and we eliminated slavery, and then overcame Jim Crow Laws, etc.. Or gay marriage. But economic liberty can't progress when government shuts it down as its intertwined in our market economy which is regulated. But how society acts upon one another, is still an individual choice. I also dont understand how you can call Republicans authoritarians as if Democrats aren't. Desiring government intervention in *anything* is authoritarian in some regard. Certainly its a matter of volume. But even then I dont see Republicans as desiring more control than Democrats.
I believe that CO2 contributes to climate change. And therefore humans have influence on it. I'm still uncertain of how much, and what the best plan forward is. I enjoy a clean envoronment and would love if we removed some regulations on alternative sources of energy (not limited to nuclear). I beleieve in "equal protection umder the law". So for the time being I am fine with gays recieving the ability to marry, but with consanguoty marriage still illegal I dont think it was an "rqual rights" moral stand. Also the law surrounding marriage *allows* states to discdiminate in some respects. It was simply deemed that homosexuality wasnt enough of a reason to deny them access to that contract. Bathroom laws? I believe we as a society decided to separate bathrooms based on sex for privacy and security issues. But there currently are no laws (excluding N.C. because they are dumbasses) than mandate bathrooms be used that way. So I dont view installing a **mandate** based on gender identity when we never had one on sex, as the right call. Also I believe protected classes go against "equal protection". Allowing society to dictate whos protected and who isnt, is setting us up for more discrimination. Its the same power than was abused for evil in our past. Also, characteristics seem to be protected once they are discriminate against *enough*. It proves that an *individual* facing discrimination doesnt matter to the state, but that a collective can. That goes against individual rights.
When you can convince even 10% of the public than consanguity marriage should be legal, I'll believe that marriage is a right. Until then, all i see is a bunch of hypocrites that only wish to dictate their morals onto everyone else.
&gt; Pot shot regulations Sure, that happens. I never said they were consistent or even good at providing liberty. I simply stated that give some patronage to it. If we want to get technical, yes this is basically what Dems do with "equal right" so I shouldn't view it more favorably. So you make a point in that regard. But Republicans are much more favorable to small businesses than Democrats. Taxes/Regulations/Wages all effect small businesses harder even at equal levels. &gt; Eliminating private worker representation Not sure what you mean by that. "Right to Work" **promotes** individual liberty. Favoring the collective over an individual is what Dems do. Unions dont have to represent those that don't pay them fees. Theu **choose** to be exclusove bargsining agents by stripping employees of their bargaining rights *even if they voted against the union*. &gt; enabling corporate tyranny via industrial control Again, you are going to be more specific. But ill state again, they certainly aren't great. They simply promote liberty in some respects. And its more so simply being opposed to Democrat party proposals that make them the party of more economic liberty. &gt; If right wing classical liberalism was consistent I'd love you to name me **any** political ideialogy that is consistent. Especially when evaluating individuals that adopt said ideology. You have no idea on what I actually support. But you seem offended that I'd rather vote Republican than Democrat.
No. I dont view marriage as a right, period. The laws surrounding marriage, even specify that as discrimination is still allowed. What the Supreme Court did was rule that homosexuality can't be a reason and disguised it as "equal rights". My proposal to you wasn't serious. It was to point to the fact that most people that like to call it a right, are fine with denying it to others. And therefore they are hyprocrites to themselves, not by me. Marriage is clearly not a right. A state CAN LEGALLY DENY YOU A CONTRACT. If a state decided to not hand out *any* marriage contracts, they would legally be able to do that. Being protected from discrimination isnt that same as a right. Because plenty of others that aren't protected can be denied. Whats the point in calling something a "right" if it isn't even legally granted to everyone **and isnt even sought after to be**?
&gt; What law in particular "protects unions"? **Exclusive Bargaining Representatives**. When a union becomes one, they can strip the entire workforce of their bargaining right with only a majority vote. They therefore, *own* that specific labor force. One can leave, but any new blood will have to give up their right to bargain to join. &gt; Right-to-work laws allow people who dont pay union dues to get the benefits, which creates a freeloader problem. No. Unions **choosing** to become exclusive bargaining agents rather than just representing their members, leads to the "freeloader problem". But there is no problem because unions **choose** and **accept** those terms when they take the bargaining rights from workers. Unions dont give benefits to workers because they are paying them, they are required to give them benefits because they have no right to bargain for themselves because the union took it from them. This debate has gotten very partisan for neutralpolitics. I suggest you educate yourself on the laws before continuing.
Not a single republican voted for it, and yet they got "everything else"?
&gt; You've demonstrated an insufficient amount of knowledge in history and political science to effectively debate. I won't even begin to touch the inaccuracies in nearly every line of that wall of text. I would love for you to provide one, to at least progress the discussion. I'm not stating I'm not wrong, I'd just appreciate an actual criticisism rather than the vague elitist comments you are making. &gt; proposes a conservative alternative to universal national healthcare and is called a radical for it, Are we discussing the ACA? That was never viewed as *radical* except in political hyperbole. I will also state that a mandate is not a conservative alternative. The Supreme Court even ruled that the mandate was unconstitional which is why we dont have a mandate and rather a tax for non-compliance that isn't even enforcable outside of tax refunds. And a **Federal** control over health insurance isn't at all conservstive. The ACA moved us farther left than we were. There is no denying that. So yes, we are moving politically left as we continue to make decisions in order to reach more left. We certainly haven't made huge jumps to the left, but I never suggested that. The alternatives to the ACA will most likely still be left of what our market was before the ACA. It just wont be **as** left as the ACA. That doesnt mean we are moving right. Maybe in this 10 year span, but not in the big picture. And when evaluating trends one needs to look at the big picture.
I dont know. Net Neutrality has some support from a decent number of Republican voters. And its already difficult to remove regulations. Add the fact that this issue doesn't have a completely party backed stance, it's even more difficult. If anything, we drop some of the title 2 powers that aren't even needed for Net Neutrality but add fears of over regulation.
Honestly i see your point and am not a Trump supporter, but **all** politicians tend to use hyperbole. So most voters are left to decide what is truth and what isn't.
And we don't have a RIGHT to firefighters, policemen, and any other public servants. So whats your point? The logic DOES stand. We can have public services. But to call them "Rights" is incorrect because of what the word "right" entails (at lesst in regsrfs to our constitution). Progressives wish to call health care a right because it makes them feel secure. Pointing out how universal health care can not be **guaranteed** by the state, means it can't be a right. That says nothing about or ability to have universal coverage though.
&gt; Paul's stupid argument only works if suddenly no one wanted to become a doctor, which is never going to happen. When writing law, one should not ignore the free will of people. A right is a **guarantee** by the government. If they can not **guarantee** health care services, then I find no reason to call it a right.
But public education isn't a right...sooooo....
&gt; nauseating because you spend more time trying to define things than actually explain them. We explain them, you refuse to believe it. Rights are **guarantees** from the government. If the government cant force citizens to provide health care in the event no one wanted to, then it is not a right. Easy example... You have a "right to an attorney" in all **criminal prosecutions**. That mean that if *the state* wishes to prosecute you, they must grant tou access to an attorney. Citizens are not required to be attorneys. If no one choice to defend you, the government, therefore, **could not prosecute you**. Rights are also a restriction **on government.** They never require someone else to act. ... And why is Rand Paul circle jerking and not Bernie Sanders? Why is throwing around the term "Right" to make people have a false sense of security and promise not a circle jerk? Why not just bring up policy? Please remember this is Rand **responding** to a claim made by Bernie. Bernie was the one that choose to use the term he did. And since this is a term that is very impprtsnt to the fpundstion of our legal system, it is kind of important to recognize what it actually means.
The point being argued here is this. Rights are **guaranteed**. If the government can't guarantee helath care access, why bother calling it a right? And more so, it's incorrect to call it so.
Because we have stupid meme makers just like every other sub. And if you look at the discussion, im not sure it the post is actually why this is being "eaten up" by r/libertarians. Also the comments point to a lot of non-libertarian minded people being present.
The point is against the usage of the term "right" not universal health care. We can have public services without calling them rights. Public education isnt a right. Policemen/Firefighters aren't a right. We can discuss policy. But that isn't the discussion being had between Rand and Bernie. And its not just Paul that ran from a policy question to make it so. Bernie made a statement about "rights" not policy. And Rand responded.
&gt; We have to make decisions based on incomplete data. And what decision is that? Just the conclusion that Russia did it? Are we sure enough on that to further put a wedge between us and Russia? Is there no desire to simply add anti-Russia propaganda? What does moving the labeling of Russia as the source from "we think its them" to "its most definitely them" actually do?
They are written as guarantees in law. If you have a "right" to something, you have an *legal entitlement* to it. &gt; Right - a moral or legal entitlement to have or obtain something or to act in a certain way. Do you simply dismiss the fact that entitlement and guarantee are pretty closely related in this regard? &gt; Even if "rights" had to be "guaranteed", you can in fact guarantee reasonable health care access for your citizens. No, you can't. We arent just discussing what you want to guarantee to a friend. We are discussing LAW. And when you do such, it better actually have something backing up its claim, or else it is meaningless. &gt; Outside of that, in pretty much any industrial democracy with socialized medicine, Not contending socoiized medicine, contenting the usage of the term "right". We can have such without calling it a right, just like any of our other public services.
Even if you have insurance, deductibles exist.
Thats only true if he spent **nothing** on living from then until now. Which seems like a pretty stupid analysis.
Wow, I was simply going to content your statememt with the fact that a market can adjust prices BEFORE new regulations take effect, and OFTEN DO since they have the freedom to do so in that time frame. So one can't really compare prices based off of a specifc point in time of regulation change. Thats just analysing situations critically. But then you go on to say... &gt; To repeal obamacare and not replace it with single payer/public option would mean seeing EVERYONES premiums go up. Only an idiot would want to repeal the ACA. So its evident you are set in your ways and can't comprehend other possibilities of outcomes. There are other ideas out there on how to achieve lower prices besides single payer or a public option. You're most likely ready to dismiss my comment, so I'll actually provide you with *why* I believe this. Demand subsidies increase purchasing power. By economic defintion, their purpose is to increase demand, *which will increase prices*. The correct usage of this is in situations of low demand. The idiotic usage of this is in health care coverage where demand was never the problem. Now this isnt just the fault of the ACA, but it's subsidies certainly didn't help. It's also the fault of employer provided coverage (which was only made mandatory by the ACA) and insurance in general. Certainly implementing price controls which is what single payer and a public option intend to do, would help to lower prices. But it doesnt solve the underlying problem. Health care **providers** would still have the incentive to raise their prices as purchasing power is **raised even further**. Now we could, at that point, put price controls on providers also (on top of insurance providers (or government acting as a medium for insurance). But that simply limits us further as producers and requires another interim where we are suffering because no one can apparently see that far ahead (even though its basic economics). There are ways of addressing high premiums and overall health care prices besides what you desire, although theybstill require changes to the marketplace. Such as...bringing consumers closer to the purchasing decision...stop artifically inflating purchasing power...getting rid of insurance entirely...etc..
Our health care system sucks, but there are other options besides single payer or a public option that make it so those opposed to those plans aren't "idiots".
Source on that? EDIT: Plus even different systems are implemented differently and have different sets of regulations, taxes, etc..
Its the media that has promoted it though. It's the media that made leading ststements of it being truthful. A Republican passing informstion to others in government isnt something that made this a story. The media made it a story. Thats why it would be Trump vs. the Media.
What makes you say that? Lots of Republicans voted for Trump due to liking Pence. Sure some "Trumpkins" may be lost, but the foundation of the Republican Party still would majorly support Pence. I would imagine his apporival rating would be much higher than Trump's 37% or whatever it's at.
The "free market" without government telling society what to do, is supposed to (can) be driven by "bitching". It's certainly a libertarian view to bitch about things and change it at the *societal* level. I dont need to create my own award show if I (and a large enough group of others) can bitch enough for them to change on their own. That IS the free market. Societal Influence is a thing. And Libertarians are HUGE proponents of it. No one here is trying to **force** actors to stop discussing politics at award shows. This isn't a libertarian matter at all to be hypocritical about.
I dont care enough to "create my own award show". And thats ignoring that I dont have the funds to do such, that my award show wouldn't have any accreditation, and that I dont have any desire to *actually own an awards show*. &gt; God the right is fucking pathetic. This has nothing to do with left and right politics. I don't like hearing from elitist people claiming they are victims and misrepresenting others. That's it. &gt; Man up and do some actual work lmao For what purpose? I care just enough to express my opinion in a reddit thread that will be ignored by tomorrow. Why would I throw anymore effort in to this?
Republicans want lower corporate taxes. Why would they attack tax "loopholes" without offsetting it with lower taxes? It inlogical to give up the bargaining chip of tax breaks if they also dont receive lower corporate taxes. But government (by that I mean those that wish to control the marketplace) would rather have tax breaks than lower taxes because they can incentivize certain behavior. Stop sounding so condescending. There are plenty of "American People" that want lower corporate taxes and less government involvement overall. Stop assuming that you are morally superior to everyone.
How are vouchers different from subsidies?
Its funny reading this stuff when the other side makes the same types of claims that Democrats attempt to make voters "easily manipulated, easy to scare, and less likely to revolt" due to government dependence and other factors.
Lost my Snorlax for about the same amount of time. My best and highest CP Pokemon.
Good thing those aren't our only choices. People will still die with "government dependence". They will choose not to get something evaluated. They won't see the problems they are having as actual problems until its too late. They will seek treatment, but still die. Hospitals still took in people in need of care prior to the ACA. It was certwinly a flawed system overall though and change was needed. I dont think the ACA teslly addressed any of those problems though. Also, the ACA or Single Payer or a Public Option aren't the only ways government can be involved in health care. So one can oppose these ideas while still favoring government involvement. So I'm not exactly sure what your point is beyond a potential "if you dont accept my opinion, you are wrong and/or evil" statement.
No, he compared health care **as a right** to enslaving doctors. Not free health care. &gt; "With regard to the idea of whether you have a right to health care, you have to realize what that implies..."
Thats really a subjective view on it. Libertarians care about other people by letting them have the freedom to make decisions on their own. One could say Democrats dont care about others by forcing them to do whatever they themselves believe to be morally right. Libertarians still support helping others. They objext to being **forced** to help people. Which is usually required of people who *don't* care about other people. Just because you force care, doesnt mean people actually do.
This isnt r/politics, you are going to actually he downvoted for this crap. Im not a Trump support at all, but he followed up what you are quoting him as saying with... &gt; "Let’s see if that happens. That will be next. Yes, sir.” And if one actually analyzes the context of the discussion, the **whole** quote rather than just part of it, and the tone of his voice in his delivery, it appears he's making a joke. Should one joke about that type of stuff? No. But thats a different discussion than what you are accusing him of.
&gt; It's like regular maintenance on a car. If you regularly take care of your car, it's much less likely to have a catastrophic failure than if you just ignored any problems that arise because they're too expensive to handle. Well certainly, but you just picked the worst comparison to make your point... Does your car insurance pay for those routine checkups or are those purchases up to the individual to make? If you leave those routine checkups and maintenance issues to the market, they can compete on those services and keep prices down. Right now (pre-ACA and now) we have artificial market prices. Insurance companies dont even pay the prices that show up on your receipt. Prices would be **MUCH** cheaper if we weren't artifially inflating purchasing power.
Some people view it uncaring to force behavior and morality on others. Compassion is an internal thought. Mandating compassion makes no intellectual sense.
&gt; To even think about repealing the ACA without a replacement ready to go, one that guarantees the coverage of pre existing conditions They aren't thinking of such. Maybe get some info from outside or r/politics. The GOP message right now from Trump and most congressmen is that a replacement is required to repeal. It sounds like they will be unvailing the plan that they have agreed upon with one another, very shortly. Stick around and listen to it rather than making assumptions based off of fear mongering. I doubt the plan will still be what you desire. But theres a big difference between not what you want and letting people die in the streets.
They were in no position to pass their chosen plan. Most people didnt even think they would be until the results of the presidential election were revealed. You're right in that they are in a "oh shit, we gotta actually do something now" type of mode. But that doesnt mean they didn't already have ideas on what to replace it with. They are now required to actually come to a consensus, which isn't the easiest thing to do even in the same political party. When the law was new, it is easier to just get rid of it. Now that its more established, it takes more work to remove it. Thats with anything that effects society and our economy as much as this type of law. Thats just reality. You can't call them out for a changing opinion that changes as the law and its effects changes over the same course of time.
If they were ever serious, in the past six years or so, they would have drafted their own plan and attempted to pass it on it's own merits. They have... https://www.google.com/amp/www.vox.com/platform/amp/2016/11/17/13626438/obamacare-replacement-plans-comparison &gt; This is because they don't actually care about it. It's just a political game piece. Its a "politixal game" to keep that info from you and for them not to come to a vote.
Okay. Heres my point. if you think **our** government is corrupted by big business, why is giving them **more** power an effective way of eliminating corporate influence?
He was discussing health care **as a right**, not government provided health care insurance. There is a difference (ex. public education). "With regard to the idea of whether you have a right to helath care..." is how he starts that statement.
Universal health care removes **insurance** companies. It doesn't remove drug companies. It doesnt remove private health care providers. It doesn't remove those associated with making *care* expensive. And even so, most countries that have some form of universal health care **still** have insurance companies covering certain aspects of care.
I didnt call it good. I called it possible. Too many people believe we **need** a mandate. We don't. And truth be told we **don't** currently have a mandate. We have a tax for non-compliance. A tax that if not paid is **not** enforceable beyond taking it out of your tax return. The mandate was found unconstitional.
And he's stating that the way facts are presented can be biased **and therefore** misleading which creates misinformed readers even when the story is based on actual facts. And if people **agree** with that biased outlook, they will praise the source. Even though its not an objectively correct representation of the facts.
Well there is no right to vote, soooo
&gt; we also under fund public schools Why do you say this? Funding has actually increased (yes, tsking into account inflation) with **no** imlrovement to education. We certainly need to fix our educational system. But FUNDS doesn't seem to be the big issue here as of right now.
Well why would they keep that? Its all about Obama.
I bet nothing drastic happens and not much will be mentioned about now, 100 years from now.
And he walked back on that statement the next day.
Both sides have the opposite of valid arguments. If you have a "right to choose", why doesn't the Supreme Court agree (abortion is only protected up until viability)?... If there is a point where a women's right isnt protected, why can't that be sooner in a fetus's life rather than later? ...Why are double homicide laws legal? If you have a "right to life" how do you propose to enforce a mother enfringing on that fetus's right? If its illegal for a doctor to perform and you get a doctor to do so, are you still not an assessory to murder? What about still births or deaths even sooner when its the mothers actions that caused the death (such as drinking lots of alcohol)? What actions can be punishable and how do you propose to watch over that? Im on neither side because they both have shit arguments.
&gt; Such as? Suicide.
You do realize that even Roe vs Wade ruled that a fetus is a living being that they couldnt completely remove the protection of life of. Its why you only have a right to an babortion up until viability. Because it has always been about the **balance** of a womens right and a fetus's right. Id suggest reading the Supreme Court rulings if you care to make arguments about them.
As right? As objectively right? I don't hold a view on the issue. And therefore I dont let the issue negatively or positively effect my other political beliefs. And I'm not calling both sides wrong. I'm saying how they argue is trivial and how they ignore the issues surrounding what they do support is annoying/pathetic. I'd like to hear them address these issues. But everyone is to busy screaming "baby murders" and "you hate women" to even analyse these issues. Its all political talking points, and nothing of substance.
3rd and 21. 55 yard punt. Even if you pick up half the yardage needed, 45 yard net punt sounds decent.
I wish we could have marches for things I actually care about.
I'm not a Trump supporter, but its amazing how so many of you are so quick to just take this as fact. Also amazing how a political sub is now sourcing GQ.
Can i get it without everything else that comes with Democrat policies?
Do we have a source that it will decrease them?
Actually , **investments** are a pretty good way of earning money, *if you know what you are doing. The debate should be focused on whether on not this is a good investment and if it would be implemented correctly. Funding isn't the issue.
No, those are valid concerns. And THOSE are the things we should be discussing. Not the dumb shit about the jobs only being temporary which is what this article headline is referencing and what is taking up most of the comments here.
The article gives no evidience of the claim in OP's title. It's presenting leading thoughts as facts. Just because they dont have a consensus of now doesn't mean that they **won't** provide a replacement at the time of repeal. Im not trying to say they will, im simply ststing that this is an opinion portrating as fact and I hope people realize that.
EXACTLY. But insurance isn't meant to cover preexisting conditions or basic care. Its meant to cover actual risk. Our system is fucked as it does both. Pre-ACA and with the ACA. And now also.
I don't want the Trump agenda. But that doesnt mean I'd want it replaced with the Democrat agenda.
The force is in deciding what is morally right for all. Morals are subjective, not objective. **I view equality as equal treatment under the law, because that is objective (or at least should be).** * LGBT "rights" are simply an attempt to make them another protected class, not get them rights that everyone else has. Protected classes are, by definition, unequal. * They treat people stupid by pretending they are fighting for equal pay. They misuse the 77% (or whatever it is) statistic of women's pay to push a stronger agenda of business regulation. Hint: Its already illegal to pay differently based on sex. * They use abortion to pretend they are fighting for "choice". And yet they dont point out the fact that the Supreme Court only ruled protection up until viability so its evident that "choice" can be legally limited. Plus they make the opposition out to be women haters, when they are simply fighting against *what they perceive* to be murder. And i hate such tactics. (I'm neither pro-life or pro-choice). * They championed the gay marriage ruling, but seem content now. If they truly cared about equality what about consanguity marriage? (Note: the act of sex is not the same as marriage)
&gt; Defending all civil liberties Well I guess it depends on what we define as "civil liberties". Marriage? Well if that's a civil liberty it is still being denied to people. LGBT rights. Well if its a right to not be denied access to a place of business or employment, then why do we have so many **un**protected classes? If we are talking about actual civil liberties and rights, then yes, they do a pretty good job on that front. But to me they have expanded their view beyond the constitution and true equality under the law.
His statement addressed the potential for Fascism, not Nazism. He used Germany simply as an example of how facism can come into power. If one can't be intellectual enough to understand that difference (and not be sucked in by bullshit titles), why does one think they can discuss the merit of his claim? (I hold no position beyond the distaste for misrepresentation).
&gt; Why ask the question if you did not want the answers? It was a rhetorical question. There are many uses for such a device. &gt; Honestly if you are a moderate then the Democrat party is for you they are center leaning on almost everything but social issues. That's purely your opinion. How do you define center? Is there only a left and a right in your evaluation? What center leaning beliefs do you believe they hold? And I wouldn't really call myself a moderate or centrist anyway. It was actually greatly clarified for me by Dan Carlin (podcasts). If you are for radical change then one can't be a centrist or a moderate. And I desire our entire system (not just the voting system) to be changed in so many areas. Areas that aren't even being discussed, and with potential solutions that aren't being discussed. &gt; Alternative vote is not that shitty of a system compared to FPTP. Not as shitty, sure, but if we are going to make the change I'd rather not fuck up our chance to change it so we can implement something truly good instead.
&gt; The two parties really are not the same and the republicans are objectively worse than the democrats for the USA. God Damn, just shut up with this rhetorical crap. I'm not calling them the same, I'm saying I oppose them both equally. There is a huge difference. And no, they aren't *objectively* worse or better. Holy shit. What makes you even say that, and how does it not involve your own morally subjective views? I can also hold a position that is not being represented by either Republican or Democrat. &gt; You may not like this truth, but it doesn't stop being the truth. The truth you presented is the current reality, that also **assumes** people will continue their current behavior. That is **not** the same as fact or truth. There are certainly heavy reasons why people are guided by FPTP, but its not an objectively true statement that I have two sides to choose from to make change. And FPTP certainly doesn't mean we need to keep **these** two parties. And the only way to kick one out and replace it is by voting for another choice. Yes, I acknowledge the minimal (basically non-existent) possibility of that occuring, but when **neither** side is fighting for things I believe in, why wouldn't I throw my vote to someone who does (still looking for that person though). You're going off an assumption that one better represents me. If you do know that, I'd love for you to tell me. Because right now I despise both. Really, tell me who represents me better because you are so certain that someone does. Although, apparently in your view that "must" be the Democrats as they are "objectively" better for America. Do you believe you are so morally superior in your views that everyone else that opposes you is objectively wrong and misplaced? You just sound like a condscending ass at this point. Common "Wedge" Issues? * Abortion - no opinion beyond my belief that both sides often make terrible rhetorical points. * Marriage for gays- either its a right or it isn't. It currently doesn't apply to all. * Health Care - hate our old system, hate the ACC, hate the current proposed system, hate single payer, hate complete universal health care. Things I actually care about... * Health Care (desire hybrid idea that both sides would despise) * Efficient Government (neither side is really fighting for this) * Individual Liberty (both sides neglect people) * Increasing Representation - increase the amount of representatives in congress after the cap was implemented to give congressmen more power to themselves, voting system change, end gerrymandering, etc. (again, both sides make their occasional speech, but then don't actually do anything.) * Criminal Justice Reform (both sides make their speeches on occasion, but nothing much has been done at all, plus they neglect a lot such as civil asset forfeiture and the 4th amendment in general)
Wow. I'm just seeing a lot fear mongering and misinformed opinions of what net neutrality actually does in the comment section. Packages of specific types of shows?! Are you all still imagining that one propaganda picture has a potential or even a reason to become reality? I support net neutrality, but you guys get rather crazy in your predictions and assumptions.
Aren't many of you here opposed to corporations influencing policy? Is that an ideological consistent stance or one you only pull out when they disagree with you? I don't have a strong opinion on this issue, I'm just trying to understand the perspective people have here. It's confusing.
The second sentence is to make someone think, it's not meant to be answered (Most people probably dont even fit under this assumption). But one can do so in a number of ways... * "It is a consistent stance of mine. I don't care what these corps have to say. Its just a PR move." * "Let's just acknolwledge the fact that people like when people support their stance and don't like it when they oppose it. There's nothing intrinsically wrong about that *unless* your are preachy against those that do the same as you. * "I'm more opposed to the *monetary* influence of corporations, not their voice." - But I would have questions about how that person sees corporate influence beyond straight up monetary exchange, because I think its quite vast and would include the lobbying, that many of those I'm discussing seem to also oppose. Bascially, how is this different from lobbying? It isn't. So hopefully it would at least teach people that lobbying doesn't take monetary exchange and isn't "bribery" in itself.
&gt; but I'd need more expertise in labor laws and sociology to make a proper proposal. And so would I. And I wasn't trying to say that any specific labor laws should be removed, mainly because as you said they often were implemented to address other things, but I dont think we consider or often discuss after the fact the consequences of such laws. I do have a very strong opinion on payroll taxes though. Not against an elderly/health care welfare system, but our current funding for such seems to be a terrible way to do it). Honestly... *(Sorry for the rant, not targeting you, just venting)* * tax the poor. * make employment harder to get as employers must take on an extra cost for hiring you. * make earning more harder as any increase in wage is taxed. All of it means less money in your pocket to that does the opposite of helping to... * avoid loan interest payments as you can afford certain items striaght up * avoid high interest rates and bad credit as you can pay them on time * receive better loan percentage offers with the better credit * save money by buying in bulk * pay for educational material or schooling * buy better resources (food, clothing, etc.) to give children a better life Honestly if a politican was to approach the population today and say that they wanted to impose a 12.4% tax on your wage to help provide you with benefits once you retired, do you think people would support that? (I know its not a "retirement account, but this is how it was sold and how it continues to be sold to the american public). Especially the poor that already have a lower life expectancy and need to basically reach that point of life working a minimum wage job for 30 years to even **break even** of what they put into. They die before they reach that age? One would have to wonder if that extra cash or the better labor market could have helped to prevent that.
&gt; you're making no sense Again...(less productive **as individuals**, as in they put in less effort than employees 50 years ago) &gt; What I mean by this is that is that an employee that was pushing a button 100 times a day to produce 100 widgets is a better worker than one that pushes a new improved machine 80 times and produces 160 widgets. They may be more productive as they have produced more than the previous guy, but the employee before them put in more effort and would have produced even more under the same scenario. It's a theory to explain why we continue to work so much. I don't know how such data could even be collected for certainty. But the idea that employees aren't being productive during their full work day is a very common cultural joke at this point so I believe their is some strong support for the theory. And there has been massive discussion about how we don't need to work as many hours to be equally productive, and the only conclusion to be drawn from that is that people are wasting their time not being as productive as they could be. And if you asked people 50 years ago about their workday, I bet it wouldn't consist of being on Reddit half the time or a number of other non-productive tasks. People worked harder. They put more effort into their work. It very much seems that way at least. And the same idea has been a constant point of discussion in political areas of wages, basic income, etc.. &gt; Furthermore, isn't is irrelevant since the productivity per individual has greatly increased no matter what is causing it? No. Because it may show that we may not have to work as much to be just as productive. Or that we could be even more productive. One would be a great goal for society. One is good to know if we need it or so desire it. &gt; and people on average work more hours now, there were way more stay-at-home wives 50 years ago. Overall, more people work. No one is saying differently. What I was saying that hours worked *per person*, have stayed relatively steady from 50 years ago. 100 years ago people were working much more *per person* than they were 50 years ago or today. Why is your comparison not of that?
Exactly. My opposition to Social Security (and Medicare to a lesser extent as its much less of a burden) is mainly the funding for it, not entirely the service itself (although I would still like to see it changed). My idea for payments would be to have the "employer portion" continue as there is no way of implementing that back into wages (which sucks, but it's the reality of calling it the employer portion and giving them ownership of it, even though its simply another tax on the employee). So that half stays. The employee portion is therefore removed and employees see a rise in their wages. Over time that may be balanced with more employment opportunities. The employer portion continues to pay for those that have paid into it as well as bonds from the government (the U.S. government seems to be fine with running a deficit). The tax remaining them helps to pay back those bonds after everyone is paid out. The employer portion continues to fund a new program based more on simply helping the elderly that need the help. And as the poor are receiving better pay while not elderly, they should demand less when they reach that point. Or if we expand government provided health care, it would help pay for that. Thats just an idea though.
Agreed. I personally viewed the story as simply a way for Max to get closure with Chloe. That she never had such an ability of time travel, but her mind allowed her to create a scenario where they were able to interact one more time. Spoilers... If the time travel was real and she was going to save the bay, why not save Chloe's dad also? Yes that would have changed her life (as seen by her relationships changing) and Chloe's life for those years after the car accident as well, but she could have saved another life. And as the storm seems to be tied to Chloe and her death, it would have dissipated even if she died in her bed.
If you think that is a realistic potential result of Net Neutrality being removed I'd call you the one that doesn't understand the implications. There is no desire to do such from ISPs. The "pay for different websites" has been a fear mongering tactic, one not backed in any reality. I support Net Neutraility, and even Title II (although slightly worried about the amount of power given to the FCC). But I hate all the fear mongering to people to drum up more support. I'll stick with educating them on what it does and let them decide if that's what they desire. When people spread this shit I just think they must believe people are morons that can't respond to anything that isn't extreme fear.
You dont even need to expand it past abortion to catch them in doublespeak. Supporting Roe vs Wade means you **don't** support choice. Because it established that there is a limit to when a woman has a right to an abortion. That a *balance* between the life of the woman and the potential for human life must he made. It acknowledged that a fetus' life is to be recognized and the Federal government could not establish a right to end that life after the second trimester (later changed to viability). A majority of *Democrats* support limitations on abortions. Therefore they themselves don't beleive it's fully a woman's choice to do with her body as she sees fit. It's just a political talking point, and a terrible one at that.
The question should be how much does the percentage of charitable giving from how much they receive compare between a church and the average non-profit charity. You seem to be trying to dismiss church donations as doing no good to the public at large, and I'm just trying to understand why you think that. A church can largely be a group of people with a common goal to do good for others. And many do use their funds to do services for others in need.
Well you are trying to differentiate churches from other charitable orgainzation. Why?
I think it can depend. Being Classical Liberal (vs Libertarian) means you do favor the government taking some control of certain "public good" services. The large disagreements come from what those public goods should be. But I'd ask you what type of Universal Healthcare System do you support? How would it be funded? Would private insurance still exist and be allowed to exist, even to provide higher care? What would it all cover? "Universal Healthcare" isn't some concrete thing. Systems can be very different and still be called universal. You can be for such a system, but decline a proposal that tries to implement it. Which I think is a big problem with its current discussion. No one wants to get into the meat of it. Because it will break apart the growing mass of people that support the idea. I personally view myself as Classical Liberal, but support the idea of a Governmental health care system for Catestrophic care, but desire a more free market for the rest of the services.
Here is another [source](http://www.jamesjheaney.com/2014/09/15/why-free-marketeers-want-to-regulate-the-internet/) that promotes the idea that Net Neutrality should be supported by those who favor a free market. I view NN as a regulation of internet **infrastructure**. As someone that leans more Classical Liberal than Libertarian, I view regulation of infrastructure as being needed. This mainly due to how limiting it is for efficiency sake. Additionally, this control of the lanes of operation is the control of a marketplace. ISPs are attempting to manipulate the marketplace of producers and consumers in the internet marketplace. I don't want such manipulation. It would be slightly different if ISPs specifically own all the wires they laid. But they don't. It has been funded by the government as a public good. And therefore should be treated as such in operation.
Prepare to be disappointed.
Wait. The average donut is 1.25" tall? Good to know.
I'm just looking for an objective view. This is an honest question from a non-Trump voter. What high crimes has Trump commited?
We could eliminate it and still pay out to those that have paid in. Employee portion returns to them. Employer portion remains (as they most likely won't factor that back into wages as they should). That portion helps pay down those that still need payouts. Government bonds help cover payments in the meantime and then are reimbursed by the remaining tax. After thats done, that portion can he used to help fund something else such as the continued supplementation of the elderly that would require less funds as it would only go to those that need it and demand less funds as wages would increase (so its politically possible to get passed) or could be eliminated. Edit: Honestly, payroll tax is moronic. It is a tax on wages that **directly** disincentivizes higher wages and employment. Why the fuck do we want to do that? It passed because it was promised to never expand to where it is now and because people are too iditiotic to see that the employer portion is a portion they are paying as well in lower wages. 12.4% lost wages. Working a for 30 years requires one to wait a minimum of 8 years *after* starting to recieve benefits to break even. By that time the poor are already dead with their life expectancy.
Also 27. I think we are good up until 30. And then the doubt kicks in.
I'm a Classical Liberal due to the fact I also support some government services. But I'm far away from being a Left-Libertarian. The difference to me? Social Control. The left believes one must be protected from the rest of society in ways that go far beyond one's guaranteed rights. I guess I'm not exactly sure what a Left-Libertarian is though. One example I always think of is that they support protected classes. Which makes me believe they don't care about equal protection of the law and would rather base laws on society's perception at the current time. Which I think is horrible.
The whole point is about how even eliminating the government funding to specific services, doesnt mean they won't be funded in other ways, and therefore not cancelled. Do you want them eliminated or simply the portion of their funding that comes from government eliminated?
Corporations are government created entities with special protections. For example, government has removed liability from individual/association action. Libertarians are against this. Corporations are as powerful as they are because they have been granted special priveledges by government. Most regulations/taxes hamper the creation and growth of corporations, but that simply makes large corporations easier to maintain and progress as any competetion struggles to enter the marketplace.
Transitioned my pup to adult food with Blue Buffalo Wilderness. Shortly after, It was recommended to me to switch to Taste of the Wild. Got a few sample bags from my local pet store for free to see which flavor my dog prefered. It was Wild Boar. Did the whole transition thing. Then he was fully on TOTW. He wouldn't eat it. Maybe half of his food over the course of the day, but he wouldnt eat any when I feed him. Switched backed to Blue Buffalo and he is excited for food again. I feel like Im the only one to have a bad experience with Taste of the Wild. So I'm simply saying this not to deter you from TOTW, but to be prepared that the switch may not go well.
So you believe that just because someone can earn more from hundreds of people donating rather than a single entity, its the single entity's fault for not being able to supply as much funds for the increase in labor?
Universal Healthcare =/= A right, read guarantee, to health care. Our rights in America are guarantees with the enforcement of government. That means if you have a right to health care and no one wanted to provide it to you, the government could force people to do so. If they can't, then its not a guarantee and therefore not a right.
&gt; and it's disingenuous for Paul to suggest that nationalized healthcare is tantamount to slavery. Thats not what he said though. He said that if health care was a right, it would be a form of slavery as you can only guarantee such a service by having the power to enforce it. Universal Healthcare is a public service. It doesn't demand for it to be written as a right in law to exist.
Again, universal healthcare =/= a eight to health care. It can be a public service. Rand isnt even attacking universal health care here. He is attacking Bernie's strong demand to label it a right.
You have a right to an attorney "in all criminal prosecutions". That means that **if** the government attempts to prosecute you, therefore having the ability to remove you of some rights, they must provide you with an attorney. If they can not do so, then they can't prosecute you.
"Congress shall pass no law...infringing... the right to bare arms" No one is required to provide you with guns to purchase.
Universal Healthcare = Public Service. You don't need it to be a right to provide such a service to people. And if you call jt a right, that means it is guaranteed to the people. And the only way to enforce a gaurantee is to require people to provide such a service. Yes, some of the commenters here are idiots, but dont conflate their opinion with what Rand was talking about.
Single Payer as well as Universal Health Care are public services. They can exist without being a right. If they were to be implemented in America they wouldn't be established as rights. Rand didn't attack the creation of a government service, he attacked it be labelled as a right. And compared it being a right, not the service itself, to slavery. Bernie is either an idiot who doesnt understand our constitution or attempting to use the buzz word of "right" to garner support as it gives a stronger appearance of protection. But by doing so he's misinforming people as well as upsetting certain people that know what a right is. But apparently people enjoy being lied to so he continues it.
??? I'm Classical Liberal. I support some government services. I also support the idea of a Universal Health Care system that covers catestrophic care. But I don't need to go around trying to call it a "right", lying to people, to get people on board with it. If Universal Health Care was ever adopted it **wouldn't** be a right. It would simply be a Public Service. So Bernie should stop misinforming people and simply fight for the cause, rather than the label that he is applying incorrectly.
Trainwreck of a chain of logic? Rights are guaranteed. If a service can't be guaranteed, it is not a right. It's that simple. If Universal Health care was adopted what I can guarantee is that it wouldn't be codified as a right. So all Bernie is doing is lying to people. He should focus on the cause not a label he is applying incorrectly or attempting to delegitimize by applying to everything he desires as a public service.
I was refering to the 13th Amendment... &gt; Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.
There are. But they are also not rights. Which is my point.
You have a right to fre speech because "Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech". It's a restriction on government that is guaranteed by themselves. &gt; But it doesn't change the fact that, assuming the government did guarantee healthcare, enslaving people is not a necessary precondition to that. Certainly, but the government would have the power to do so. Its not an act of slavery, just the legislation of being allowed to partipate in it.
Redacting a policy that's been in place for only a few years is in no way tyrannical.
&gt; What you're describing is what we have now Huh? I've listed how I would desire to change basically every aspect of our current system many times over. And you think it's "what we have now". How? &gt; how does that make universal healthcare impossible? Didnt say it was. I simply said you can't apply it and *assume* it will work in our economy. Any discussion should consider our differences. Thats all my point was. &gt; Your "only critical care" idea doesn't make much sense either. Is everybody still paying for it with taxes? As I mentioned, which at this point I don't think you are listening, the current employer portion of payroll taxes could pay for it. &gt; since they're paying for their still overpriced insurance Again, no. Insurance wouldn't exist as its not needed to cover basic care, which is what's left after catestrophic care is cover. And due to demand for basic care being elastic, unlike catestrophic care, it can work in a free market system to reduce prices through competition with a requirement for price transparency. Again, I want an entire overhaul of our health care system. &gt; Even the "less regulation" argument doesn't hold up because, as we both agree, insurance companies won't lower their prices I'm making them not needed due to the government coverage. I'm done repeating this. &gt; What money is there to be made in insuring sick, expensive people? Just stop. Insurance wouldn't exist in my system. Stop using it as your dead horse to beat. &gt; Finally, your argument that the government is corrupt so we should trust the free market is just, again, so painfully naive. No. Thats my belief. But my **question** was how others can see them as corrupt and then trust them on this issue. Feel free to answer that question. &gt; Basically what you're asserting is that the free market cares more about the wellbeing of the general population than the government. The government is made up of people. The only way we get public services is because people actually want to provide them to citizens. So even without the force, people would have that same desire to help others. &gt; Socially they're the same You're clueless. They are not that socially similar. Protected Classes which is a huge movement by progressives as well as "liberals", are looked at as a horrible application of unequal protection of the law by libertarians (why should one characteristic be viewed more favorable than another by government?). Progressives only cared about gays getting married, but could give a damn about actually equal access to marriage benefits (ex. Consaguinity marriage). Prostitution. Drug legilization beyond marijuana. I could go on. &gt; fiscally libertarians just want a world where they can be allowed to say "I don't care about poor people" and not still have to help them. They want a world where they aren't force to provide the government with funds to help the needy who then decides how they will use those funds. Libertarians thay want to help believe they can provide more efficient help directly, eliminating the administration the processing costs. &gt; It's all just arguing for the ability to not help anyone. Which is a right we all have. The government simply has the ability to collect taxes. They can choose to do jack shit with that money, but it would be more difficult to collect said taxes.
&gt; People don't have to pay for basic care because critical care is covered by taxes... Sure... Forgot that hospitals operate for free once critical care is covered. You were discussing insurance. I stated people wouldn't need insurance. There would still be costs for the service of basic care, obviously. You don't care to comprehend what I write. I'm done. One more point, because its not defended enough... &gt; due to the risk of deformities in children of those marriage, Marriage doesn't create children. Intercourse does. Incest is a separate issue that is illegal by its own. Additionally, exempting an entire type of relationship (blood related) from marriage because they *may* produce deformed offspring, is pretty terrible. What about gay couples or steriles couples? They can't produce offspring and yet are denied marriage benefits. Non-blood related couples can also produce deformed children. Couples with genetic diseases take on the same risk of harming a new life, and yet they are free to take on that chance. Why? &gt; But again, really a very odd issue to be so specifically passionate about. I don't support this because I support this type of relationship. I support it because I care about equal application of the law. So I don't care that it isnt a big issue to others. My view isnt based on the number of people that support it or don't. It's a principle stance. Again, something I believe libertarians actually have, that progressives don't. Which you've just clarified for me. Thanks. Peace out.
&gt; But at least you can admit you only brought that up as some strawman to attack progressives, and not because you're actually interested. I never said such a thing. &gt; That's something libertarians sometimes argue for BTW, removing/reducing the age of consent. Is that something you believe in as well, based on principle? The disagreement to age of consent is that it sets a specific age to when a person has a mental capacity strong enough to consent, which ignores science that says it happens at different points for different people. But personally, I understand the need to still set a standard at some point, as there would be no way of enforcing it otherwise. &gt; Please, you're just grandstanding and you're no different than any other, you hate liberals I don't hate liberals. I disagree with them. Their principles don't match up to mine in the slightest. But I understand they have their reasons for why they believe what they do. I acknowledge morals are subjective and therefore principles are as well. &gt; because even if it were legal, the social taboo is extreme. I care about unequal treatment by government, not by individuals. Individuals have the freedom to do so, government does (should) not. You're basically saying that because society still views something as wrong, that government shouldn't allow it. Try applying that same logic to slavery. &gt; But hey, if you really care that much, you should start something. Plan a march, raise awareness, show you give a shit about equality and aren't just strawmanning. I've had this discussion at least a dozen times on reddit. I've recieved two types of responses. "Its not an issue I care about." And "Stop trying to fuck your sister". Its hard to express your support for something when people despise you for holding such a belief. And when I don't get hatred, I get people thay don't care. And this is with a young, liberal crowd. An organized march will simply receive hatred, and I dont desire to expose people to possibly being attacked. And petitions do nothing. Increase awareness? I'm doing that right now. And guess what, no one gives a damn. We aren't moving anywhere in our discussion here. I'm done. I simply felt I needed to respond here or you would go off thinking that I'm just strawmanning. You probably still think I am. Which is why we are done here as minds won't be changed.
Although, they could afford it by having someone else use up that second bedroom and pay rent. Aka a roommate.
The second liberals/progressives made gay marriage an issue of "equality", they lent themselves to be criticised for not desiring to hold onto that belief for everyone. I'm perfectly fine with gay marriage supporters that simply wanted to expand the privileges to them. My whole stance is based on the notion that marriage benefits are a right. I don't believe they are though. But the Supreme Court in the gay marriage ruling tried to say such. So I'm playing by their conclusions of the law. Libertarians dont view marriage as a right. Therefore they don't support what I'm preaching because they don't believe the state should recognize marriage at all. And id prefer it that way too, as we wouldn't have an unequal issue. And I criticise libertarians all the time. I said I respect their principles more than other groups. But that doesnt mean I don't also disagree with them.
It all kind of balances though. Places with higher costs of living often have more opportunity for higher paying jobs and other social perks (ex. more recreational choices). Just depends what you're looking for.
Why is this hard for you to understand? I support equal application of the law. **IF** the law states that marriage benefits can't be denied for "equality" sake, then I suppprt that equal application across the board. As the Supreme Court (5 justices) stated it has to deal with unequal treatment, I therefore support it applying to all, not just gays. I attack liberals/progressives because after their victory on gay marriage, the discussion of equal marriage application disappeared. So it seems most simply wanted to extend the benefits to the one group they were fighting for. Again, that's fine, but don't pretend it has to do with equality, and I address my distain to those that did. **IF** marriage can be restricted, as was previously established by the law, then the only thing to defend consanguinity marriage on is that it shouldn't be a restrictive group. But that's much more a moral choice as the law establishes equality isn't required. And therefore I would simply accept that society opposes it. In either case, I would also support eliminating marriage benefits altogether (for all). One, because I dont think the government needs to deal with it. And two, because it would eliminate this whole discussion.
&gt; Oh man, you're right, disliking affirmative action and religious protections is really a brave opinion to hold. I dislike the Civil Rights Act. I'd say that's a very minority view to have. Religious freedoms have been attempting to use the first amendment in their protections, not the Civil Rights Act. But yes, I also oppose how that has been interpreted by Republicans and the courts. Though the left doesnt hold an accurate view on it either as "separation of church and state" which isn't actually even a law, doesn't restrict people with religious morals attempting to impose those morals on the rest of society, just as any other.morals would be free to do. &gt; And then complaining about senior discounts, you're saying that's a progressive thing too? I dont oppose senior citizens discounts. My point is why not allow other discrimination if we allow this? Its a question I pose to others on why this should be legal, but other forms shouldn't be? This isn't just an attack on progressives, I never said it was. But they continue to expand something that shouldn't exist in the first place IMO. And they continue to hold them up as a form of fair protection. So yes, my first goal is to stop its expansion. &gt; Kinda hard to keep up with you, your argument seems to change every comment. ? I oppose the Civil Rights Act for the reasons listed in the previous comment. I oppose the idea of protected classes. Therefore I oppose anyone that agrees with them, and most definitely oppose those attempting to expand them. Is that a better summary for you to understand?
No reason to fear monger about what ISPs have no desire to do. I'd prefer they stick to the facts.
Yes. (Source: me, having had been picked for jury duty)
Eh, sound like both parties. For Democrats, they dismiss anyone with a different opinion and label them sexist, racist, etc. as a way to get society to turn on them so they can't express their opinions in this "democracy" that is suppose to allow you to express your opinions. No one actually cares about democracy, unless the majority is on their side.
What sexist practices do Republicans want to participate in? Where is it evident that they see women as an inferuor sex and the law should treat them differently?
Give me a positiion you think Republicans hold because they are sexist. Because I bet I can give you that explanation you and Democrats want. Its been presented before, but shouting "sexist" seems to drown it out.
&gt; Pro-life legislation take away female bodily autonomy. We dont have bodily autonomy. We never had that right. Roe vs Wade itself repeated that that right doesn't exist. Hence why they could only give a right to an abortion up until the third trimester (later changed to viability). Their reasoning? That a "potential for human life" needed to be *balanced* with that of the *life* of the woman. None of it had to do with a woman's right to her own body. Republicans simply want to change that *balance* by giving more weight to the fetus. Lets at least debate the issue in the context of the law and not make up shit that makes us feel better. I'm neither pro-life nor pro-choice because their rhetoric, on both sides, is something I can't stand. I have problems with the Planned Parenthood vs Casey change to viability as well. If this had to do with bodily autonomy, why the fuck would technology advancement of viability have any impact on the right to an abortion? It's quite clear it isn't. Its simply a talking point. Is that reasoning at least acceptable enough for you? &gt; When republicans make laws designed to infringe on minority rights that is racist policy. What rights of minorities are being infringed?
They sure do
It's telling how your examples are all just little talking points that reached internet meme level and don't involve policy or actual objective mistreatment. But I'll respond to each one. &gt; How Trump is president material but Hillary Clinton isn't. Republicans say that about anyone that they are running against. Its not sexist just because their opposition was a woman this time. &gt; How Kamala Harris is "hysterical" for doing her job. How is that sexist? Just seems partisan. And it came from one CNN commentator, and grew out to be a partisan talking point across the media. "Hysteria" has been a talking point of Republicans to address the entire left for quite some time. To say its "only used on women" is inaccurate and was used to make it a sexist story, for support and clicks. &gt; Trump [looking over at how Melania was voting to make sure she was voting the way he wanted her to.] (http://img.huffingtonpost.com/asset/scalefit_720_noupscale/58220df61600002f002c92d5.png?cache=6nysmxmlsr) Watch the video. A second later he speaks to her and she turns toward him with a response. He was seeing if she was done (which she was), so they could leave.
Monitoring is the act of watching. It has no authority in controlling. Good try though.
First, lets establish that I'm not here to defend the positions in their entirety, I am here to simply state how they aren't racist/sexist/etc. &gt; voter ID laws What makes them racist? They are free, and don't require birth certificates or other cost prohibitive documents to obtain. If getting to a DMV once in a two year span is difficult, so is going to vote. Which would make requiring citizens to vote at physical poll locations racist in itself. &gt; race-based gerrymandering. Gerrymandering is usually based on political leanings. Past votes are evaluated and new lines are drawn based on those votes. Just because some races (blacks), vote heavily toward one political party, doesn't make the actions based on their race. It is based on how they vote. &gt; absurd logic behind making abortions illegal I've already addressed this [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/6ht8dz/_/dj1esyj?context=1000). &gt; it reaffirms my theory that most conservative-libertarians I'd label myself more a Classical Liberal, but my opinions aren't the focus here. But just for you I'll share that I oppose gerrymandering, and don't have strong opinions on either voter ID (since I don't see how they are that prohibitive, especially to a certain race) or abortion (since, as explained in my linked comment, neither side is doing any good convincing).
No. Your right to a trial puts a demand on government that **if** they are to prosecute you, they need to provide you with some protections. Its a limit on government. It doesn't give them the right to enslave citizens. Although our government is stupid and has allowed for jury duty. Much in the same way that the constitution allows for the federal government to have an army, but doesn't give them the right to force participation in that army. And yet, we got the draft.
We don't have a right to clean drinking water, though. If you say that cleaning drinking water should be a service provided by government, it becomes just that, a public service. Police. Schools. Etc. They are all public services. They are not rights. Universal Health care can be provided as another public service if so desired. But it doesn't become a right by doing so. The government providing something doesn't make something a right. It never has. The only reason to use such language in efforts to gain a new public service is for it to be a buzz word. A happy feeling of something that is "just". But it has no actually bearing as a right. Which is why many find it disingenuous. And has some slightly scared about people being misinformed what rights are and how that has a potential to actually change the country they know and respect.
&gt; In law and politics, natural rights are all a separate thing from rights, that word you can look up in the dictionary. Ah, i see the confusion. You believe natural rights are a thing. They aren't. They are another buzz word. All our Constitutional Rights that like to be refered to as "natural rights" are 100% legal rights. Because they only exist due to government defining them as such. The fight for universal health care as a right, is an attempt to make it a "natural right" itself. But, like I said, that doesn't exist. You don't have any intrinsict rights. Legal rights are formed based on culture and then codified in law. Sure, people are free to call whatever they wish to be, rights. "I have a right to this snack in my pocket". And that type of informal language is fine. But when you start proposing **laws** that change the **legal system**, and you use the words "right", you should acknowledge the definition of "legal rights" at that time. Because **that's** how language works. Context, and how words connect with one another in a known area of discussion.
What I mean by "internet infrastruture" is not the physical lines but hoe those lines behave. Setting "road blocks" on these lines and making some data trsvel faster or slower than others, changes how everything behaves on the infrastructure. Also, they *were* under investigation. They ruled that it wasn't a violation.
I didn't say rights can't be an obligation. I said they aren't. It's possible to change our Constitution, but thats what libertarians fear from progressives. But I do hold that rights need to be guaranteed. And to guarantee an obligation, you are legalizing involuntary servitude. Because the only way to guarantee the act of others is to force them if they desire not to do such. So factoring that in, rights can not be obligations in our current legal framework, as involuntary servitude is illegal (without a criminal cinviction). What is a right, if not guaranteed? If "justice" can't be enforced, what is it's point?
Public education is not a legal right in the US. You can't be denied equal access as has been interpreted by the protection of 14th amendment, but it could be denied to all. That protection has nothing to do with education being a right, and everything to do with equal application of the law.
&gt; You can sue the state, as has happened, for state failures to provide. Again, no you can't (well you could but it would have no legal standing). What you can do is sue them for not providing equal protection of the law. And *that's* how people have won those cases before. Not because education is a right that can't be denied, but rsther than the state is providing a public service and not applying it equally. The state is under no obligation to provide that public service.
You can obtain a persons home address and voting history with simply their name and birthday. And since most people create a facebook displaying their name and birthday, the other information is easily obtainable.
Those things, if included, either come from you telling the RNC your feelings through public polls or by assumptions made based on your demographics and voting affiliation.
They would certain oppose a law that forced white only lunch counters though. Which governments participated in and only encouraged race hate, setting society back in progressing to a more accepting society. Also, simply allowing people to be racist, doesn't make one racist. And allowing someone to do with their property and labor as they see fit, is not an aggression against someone that desires their services.
Sounds like you're claiming to be superior to others. Oh, but you're on the correct side now. Of course. /s
No, they are liberals. In the classic sense. Actually pro-liberty.
Self-Superiority is all politics is. "I'm right, you're wrong. The law should say this and command you to do this because that is what is right and just." At least Libertarians recognize they may not be objectively right about what is morally correct, and thus don't force others to act in such a way. Context has nothing to do with this discussion. If it does, what don't you believe I'm percieving?
Okay, so I didn't even watch the trailer above and haven't seen anything more than a couple short clips of this show. But I have yeard great things about it over the years. Is this something I should binge watch seasons 1-6 to catch up on? Is that something that is realistically done before July 16th? (How many hours are there to watch?) I do have HBO, but haven't ever really used it. Will I find seasons 1-6 on there? If not, where do I go to watch?
Sure, I shouldn't have limited to the two major parties, because it is actually anyone that desires their views to be enforced into law. So even as an independent (I am as well), I'm sure you hold the belief of "just dont force me to pay for it" on some issues. The point is that it isn't a good description of Libertarians, because everyone participates in that belief in specific instances. Or what point were you attempting to make, that none of this is relevant?
If you desire higher taxes on the wealthy, oppose any type of tax reductions, or oppose anything that may reduce the government's income, the reason for doing so is because you want others to put in money for the systems you want. Therefore you personally "don't want to be forced to pay for it" and would like others to do so. There may be other reasons for that desire such as that it can be collectively cheaper if we are all contributing. But *you* don't want to have to be forced to pay for it alone. So you force others to do so. That may include other reasons such as that one individual can't afford a specific good/service and expanding the cost across everyone allows more access. But again, your desire for that good or service is your own. And to obtain it you are fine with forcing others to pay for it so the burdened is lessened on yourself. Because you do care about "just don't force me to pay for it". &gt; but by and large I don't have many complaints or feel like I'm being forced to pay for a bunch of stuff against my will. And that's based on your beliefs. And you are lucky enough to have a government that is largely representing you in that regard. But the force of government is also acting against the beliefs of many others. Even if you believe your choices are benefiting the community, the force applied is done knowingly against those that oppose it. I'm no libertarian myself. I have my own desires that would apply force, so I am not trying to act like a saint here. But I also desire a great reduction in the forces we have in play currently. Because I acknowledge to myself that this force of morals and behavior is itself, immoral. Now I try to balance this with society behavior and collective nature, just as you do, so no one is pure here. I just think that me and you, Libertarians vs Rs and Ds, and one citizen against another all have their different balancing mechanisms that all behave in different ways. And to claim one is more accurate that another, is what I can't accept.
I'm not reluctant, it just doesn't pertain to the discussion. We don't need to establish specific social services to define libertarianism. And I *thought* that was the topic here. Again, I'm lost on what our discussion is now. Would it help you if I said "**types** of social services"? As in social services in the categories *you* listed (including additional ones ("etc.")), but not specific implementations?
Okay, so I have not been paying attention at all to the draft, which includes potential draft prospects. So can anyone fill me in on the following... * Who the Bucks have been linked to of possibly drafting? * Who analysts believe the Bucks should draft? * Who the fans (or just you) would like to see the Bucks draft? And any details of why, would be nice to hear as well.
Slavery isn't against our rights though. Our rights are a limitation on government. So the government can't participate in slavery, but individuals could. That's why we needed an amendment to end slavery. It wasn't unconstitutional before that point.
Much of the demand in the health care market is elastic. Only emergency care, when you don't have time to "shop around" is inelastic. I personally would be fine with a government provided "catestrophic plan" that would cover those instances. But only if we truly open up the rest of the market. Get rid of everything that's inflating purchasing power, and thus prices. Subsidies. Employer provided insurance. Insurance itself. Collectives can bargain for cheaper prices, up until the point they become the new customer. Then market prices are simply based on their ability to pay, which prices out individuals who aren't in collectives, forcing them to join them and thus further increasing prices. No price transparency is the fault of insurance companies. Because **they** are the customers, not indiviudals, in our health care system. Prices aren't shared with the individual. And much worse, prices aren't based on an individual's ability to pay. This was the case even before the ACA. Which is why the market wasn't working prior to the ACA. We've had problems **long** before the ACA. The ACA simply made it so everyone had to buy into our shitty sysyem. Which certainly doesn't address any of the problems.
Politics. Many of my positions are minority views thus don't matter even more than one's vote doesn't matter from the get go.
You list fear, and you're basically right. But more specifically its about not wanting to reinforce a type of relationship as being acceptable in our society. Which is why Consanguinity Marriage is illegal. (Incest is illegal on its own). So we should still acknowledge this has nothing to do with a "right" to marriage, as one does not exist. It was simply deemed by the court that same sex marriage was no longer an acceptable thing to restrict. But that's all based on society's perception at the time. And we need to acknowledge the fact that greater society is still "fearful" of other types of relationships and perfectly fine with restricting access to marriage.
Stop making shitty arguments like this. They fall on their face, and simply provide people opposed to Net Neutrality with more ammunition. God damn. I hate supporting something that idiots support as well. You're not helping.
It astounds me how supported the funding for Social Security is, still. Even if you desire a social program to help pay for the life of retirees, a payroll tax is an idiotic way of doing it. Yeah, lets also disincentivize increasing wages and employment while we collect such funds. What a great idea. /s You know what sucks though? This is also an example of when government does irreversible harm to our economy. If we attempt to remove the "employer portion" companies will just pocket it, rather than pay it back into the wages they already factor it to be. So my ideas of fixing it usually result in only removing the "employee portion" while keeping the "employer portion" to help pay for those owed from the system (using bonds to cover the rest). And then it would remain to fund whatever else.
&gt; "That is a small percentage of the overall population, but it’s a significant number of people, millions of people."
And both sides make it even worse by attempting to (or supporting the already ingrained systems that) artificially increase purchasing power. Subsidies. Employer provide insurance. Support for Insurance at all in areas of no risk (pre-existing conditions).
&gt; Large collectives being able to afford more than single individuals is the reason why a single payer system would be better. No. Prices adjust to the market's ability and desire to pay. For the service of health care, demand is already sky high. Therefore prices are mainly set to ability to pay. And you can extract more from people as a collective, than you can individually. When collectives start out, they are benefitical at reducing the burden on some people. Because prices are still tied to the rest of market, made up of individuals. But once collectives become the customers themselves, prices are set to their ability to pay and you've eliminated the benefit they were meant to produce. This is the main reason for our extremely high health care costs. Prices are not set to an individual's ability to pay. This is why going without insurance would bankrupt you. Because prices aren't based on your ability to pay. And prices always need to be set to gain at least a certain amount of customers to be profitable and continue to exist. So providers or goods and services continuely analyse the market to determine that. A collective that is government backed will only **increase** that "ability to pay" as health care providers will see this new "guarantee to the American people" as a guarantee for payment. Thus they will jack up prices. The only reason why this works in other nations is because of price controls. Yet **no one** fucking discusses price controls. You know why? Because it's not a winning political talking point. For either side. &gt; If you're worried about the government being too corrupt, how much more corrupt can it be than the current for-profit medical industry? The for profit medical indistry would still exist. Why do you think it would disappear? Now you've set up a system where people are force into paying for this currupt product. And the government program could easily have only certain things they cover in their plans. Only certain hospitals, medications, medical procedures, etc.. Its a whole new avenue to buy the government. You are providing a **greater incentive** for corporations to influence government. You've basically just given the currupt for-profit medical indistry unlimited power. Unless you are suggesting certain restrictions on them. Which I would like to hear your specific thoughts on, if so. Because one else really seems to care to make a practical plan to address these possible problems. But no one involves themselves in details. No one cares to look at potential consequences. Its all buzz words that get the public rilled up. There is no reason to educate them, when you can gain support without it.
It's "killing people" in the same way giving a chimp cocaine, making him dependent on it, then taking it away, is killing the chimp. Sure you've taken away its current way to cope with their pain, but that doesn't mean cocaine is really the answer or that we should continue to give it to the chimp. An easement period would probably be best though.
&gt; It's funny no one wants to admit the elephant in the room. Our current system is an unsustainable patch work mess that has placed us at a costs that are about double per citizen than the second costliest country in the world. Agreed. &gt; A move to a single payer or a non-profit insurance system with strict cost controls (like Germany/Japan/Switzerland) is the only thing that will be viable in the future. This is all delaying the inevitable. Disagree on multiply fronts.
I'm discussing the implementation of it all. Not that we shouldn't do anything, but that what we've done is poor. If you want to provide care to people with pre-existing conditions, you don't use insurance to do it. Insurance is meant to cover risk. Our system is broken. It has been for far long before the ACA, as well. But making everyone buy into our shit system, I don't see as a solution. I don't like the Republican plan either. I'm just opposed to the fear mongering talking points. This is how politics has been. One side enacts something. Other side, once in power, attempts to remove it. Response by side that passed legislation, "You hate the public, you want them to die". Disregarding fact people voted for the other side because they no longer wanted what you passed. **Movement is not always progress. But when we as a nation take a step, we find it very difficult to take a step back. We instead take a step to the side, walk around in circles a bit, until we find a new path. Which just prolongs our progress.**
Were we killing people 10 years ago? 20 years ago? Was the government forcing death on people? If not, how does resorting back to such systems and funding, kill people? If yes, explain how? Note: I'm not even here to defend the bill. I dislike it as well. But the fear mongering rhetoric is just too extreme for me.
I'd claim we aren't providing a cure though. Sure, maybe it's a treatment to help manage it currently. But I see that ultimiately failing as well. Which would still result in the proclaimed "killing" as we didn't prevent the cause of death. I don't support this bill. And I tried stating in my last sentence that any new "attempt at a cure" needs to be transitioned slowly. My opposition is simply to the "killing" rhetoric used, because it doesn't pass scrutiny.
People will lose insurance coverage. That's the fact. But insurance is not the same as care. The conflation of these terms comes from insurance companies themselves, as they want people to believe they are needed. They aren't. And they have largely been the problem with our health care system (along with the regulations that has helped entrench them). We as a society have provided care for those even without insurance. It's not required. Try as hard as we can to make it so (artificially inflating costs which have priced individuals out of the market), they are not. And there are people on both sides acknowledging this, but they have different solutions on where to go after that. But the large majority from both sides still seem content on continuing our system, which slight tweaks here and there that are honestly, just making it worse as it entrentches us further.
To assume people will die is to assume that without insurance, people will go untreated. And our history shows otherwise.
There are ways to express your opposition to this bill that aren't emotional appeals of fear mongering or calling those that support it stupid or corrupt. And I don't believe I ever said I support this bill. In fact, I don't. Your assumptions again show a lack of desire to understand other people's perspectives. A lack of empathy.
&gt; Experts disagree on the exact number who die due to being uninsured Because you can't attribute a lack of providing care to a specific health related death. Even people with insurance bypass care. Maybe they don't think anything is wrong. Maybe they just don't wish to go in and get checked out for whatever reason (an adversion to knowing what they fear may be, an aversion to doctors/needles/surgery, etc.). Or maybe they get checked up, but then don't follow up on taking the medication, or they take too much, or fail to maintain certain other lifestyle limitations to help in their recovery. Or maybe they have deductibles that still require them to pay for their services. Most of whom will never reach their deductible limit. It is intellectually dishonest to make assumptions about "killing" others when it still requires them to seek the care, get the care, for the care to actually be succussful and take hold, and for them to maintain follow up proceduces, medication, activity levels, etc.. My whole complaint is about how such a bill will "kill people". It is a political emotional appeal devoid of actual intellectual discussion. Its meant purely to drum up fear, and not educate. I oppose the bill as well. But I don't appreciate the act of manipulating others so to believe what one believes. But that's politics for you.
&gt; Everything you just said has no bearing on the fact people who are uninsured have an increased chance of death. And now you've changed the claim. The claim was that this bill will cause people to die. Not that it makes it harder for them to survive. But that this act of legislating **will** kill people. Many people claiming specific amounts of people set to die. Again, its intellectually dishonest to attribute a killer to potential deaths. Even if it increases their probability. &gt; I don't know why you keep bringing up that you oppose the bill. Sorry, replying to a few people. And if I don't state such I get labeled as a murderer or moron as people assume I support it. Any sign of opposition is quickly smacked across the face by people who don't care to hear other views.
No, its health insurance run by for profit corporations that price it according to the markets ability to pay which has artificially been increased beyond our natural ability to pay by subsidies and employer provide coverage. It's a horrible system, just as cocaine is a horrible drug.
They would never have been able to run on "Anti-abortion" as pro-choice people would take it as trying to label themselves pro-abortion. And they never wanted to come close to wearing that label. Additionally "Pro-Choice" would seem all encompassing too, would it not? It's made to sound positive, right? And yet that doesn't apply to all their beliefs. It doesn't even apply to abortion as many support Roe vs Wade that established that a woman has a limited right to her own body (only until viability). Either they are both terrible labels, or they simply exist in the abortion debate to signify sides. I'll let you choose.
Republicans are made up of the American people. They are people with poltical ideals that associate with a group. She called that group her greatest enemy. Therefore anyone that associates with that group is her enemy, which includes a large portion of the American people. The other responses to the question from candidates were foreign powers. She stated a domestic group of people with different ideals operating in our republic as her greatest enemy. It was a poor response. She later took it back, and regretted saying it. But no doubt she felt a reason to say it in the first place.
His name is Randall. He wasn't named after Ayn Rand.
With price controls and further regulation. Yet, we dont hear much discussion about price controls, what they should apply to, how much they should be, etc.. Why? And those markets elsewhere are quite different. They have different private insurance options. They cover different things. "Single Payer" isnt a policy. Its an idea. One that isn't really sharing its details with the American people. If you think otherwise, please explain to me a functioning system. A proposed one or even the details of one already implemented in a foreign country. Id love to actually hear details.
That's equal protection. It prohibits unequal application of law, it does not guarantee education. Not providing education to anyone would still be equal protection. Edit: Quoting your source... &gt; The equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment requires Texas and the Tyler Independent School District to provide free public schooling to the children of undocumented immigrants **on an equal basis with the other children in the state and school district**.
If a state decided to remove their public education system, would they be infringing on your right to an education? No, because one does not exist. Its an important distinction from a legal perspective. And personally I view rights as being guaranteed. Because if they aren't guaranteed to you, how can you call them a right? What's the point in using that term? Edit: Its also an important distinction because it makes you claim that "teachers would then be slaves" untrue because education isn't a right. Its a public service that teachers can voluntarily exchange their services for pay, and dip out anytime they wish, not required to continue providing you your supposed right to education.
In the context of this post... Education isn't a right. Therefore government as well as citizens under the government's requirements are under no obligation to provide the service. Therefore teachers aren't slaves. Education doesn't apply to this post. That's the takeaway here.
No, by removing all incentive for it to exist.
Because you wouldn't have any reason to pool against any form of risk, as none would exist. What would there be to attempt to insurance yourself against when government provides catestrophic care?
I mean I oppose it as well, but I don't view a desire to remove something that certain people didn't want in the first place as some "crazy" stance to have. The problem is that is keeps most of what the ACA implemented (as society has become accustomed to it) and just gets rid of the funding for it.
* Title II classifications gives the FCC much more power than they need to enforce Net Neutrality. * Title II is not the best way to address the medium of the internet. * Congress, not the FCC, should be the one's imposing such a regulation. Oppose "Allowing three unelected beurocrats determine policy". (Which is also what allows the FCC to remove the previous reclassification that pro-NN people oppose). * ISPs have largely followed NN protocol. Most complaints relate to ISPs requiring other service providers (google, apple, etc.) to change their offerings under possible threat of backing out of contractual agreements with one another. Something that NN would still not prevent. Another topic is zero-rating, which it seems NN also does not address. I support NN and even Title II (though I have my concerns), but there are rational reasons to oppose it.
Corporations were created by government. Removing libability from an individual who decides to partake in capitalism was a government installed feature. You're blaming capitalism, but your point addresses corporatism.
&gt; "Net Neutrality" has been reduced to basically mean "I don't feel that the current situation re: ISPs is tenable." Well then those people should have no impact on the legal ramifications of laws that attempt to address what it actually means. I don't care about the opinion of mindless idiots that dont care to understand the law, what it means, and what consequences it can potentially have. Neither should those in power care an ounce of their opinion, because it isnt back by any form if logic. Unless you really want your government to simply bow to an angry mob. I certainly don't, though. &gt; What I'm getting at is that what you call "objections to NN," come across as "specific methods of implementing NN" to everyone else. For fucks sake. If you desire something to be law, you better fucking know or at least care what it all applies to. Otherwise you are just giving unyielding power to an entity simply to limit the power of another. Most popular politic topics consist of no form of intellectual debate. Net Neutrality. Abortion. Gay Marriage. Health Care. (And yes, I could explain why I specified each of those). All that is used is dismissing the other side by name calling. Its all a political game of "I'm right, You're wrong". Choose a side and believe what we tell you to believe. No reason to think up any other reasons for support or opposition or any other ideas on how to address issues. Here's your slip, pick A or B. If one side presents you with the slip first, they will fear monger you into picking them. They dont have the time, desire, or even need to present you with a well thought out reason to join them.
&gt; 1. Madison River Comm It's not certain port blocking would violate Net Neutrality. NN neutrality requires all data to be treated equally, not necessarily that all types of data must be allowed. Ports are allowed to be blocked for "management purposes". What that all extents to, is a subjective mess. The FCC and and Madison River came to an agreement. They didn't "put a stop to it". In that agreement, they only prevented them for doing so for 3 years. &gt; 2. Comcast denying P2P. Any update to this? Did the suit go forward? I can't find any information on this besides the claim of what they might have done. Which I find weird. 3--&gt; I'll have to come back later
&gt; Instead of complaining about it, you should share the nuances that you see, *bearing in mind the realities of public discourse*. I shared that info. And didn't divulge into "complaining" until later and at the end of my statement, after answering every question you sent forward. Adjusting my responses as they didnt fully address your point. &gt; Don't use a definition for a word that you *know* people don't fully understand without first explaining it. I believe they do know it. But simply attempt to apply it to anything that will benefit their cause. Which I view as a worse problem than just being misinformed. &gt; but moreso to the "dictionary" definition of NN, which I'll share: That's from wikipedia. Most dictionary definitions refer to it simply as a principle that has nothing to do with government.
I didnt say you did. I said that an individual who does has had their liability removed by the creation of corporations.
Can you inform me on the difference?
&gt; The demand for healthcare when you are dying is completely inelastic, Which is why I favor a government provide catestrophic coverage plan, but an open free market for other types of care. &gt; However I think it's pretty disgusting if we decide as a society that just because you're born female, you pay more. Why? Because they demand more costly services? Is it disgusting that people born with genetic diseases have to pay more for the increased services they demand? Why is it disgusting to have people pay for what they need? Sure, it can be beneficial to help out those put in a situation outside of their control, but simply charging people money for services you provide shouldn't be viewed as a disgusting practice.
Its not because of "socialism", its just because its a vastly ineffiecent way of spending. ~~And my plan of "socialize" catestrophic care should help absorb any such ad campaign.~~ *EDIT: (read comment wrong). The plan is suppose to have some public health care provisions while also greatly expanding the "free market". If people don't realize we are already a mixed economy in this regard, then their is no thing I can say to them. I just think its a horrible type of mix right now.* Insurance companies have made themselves a necessity not because they are, but because its how they become profitable and can exist in the first place. They have negotiated with health care providers to raise prices so consumers cant pay for services on their own. The incentives are all in the wrong place.
Huh? It wouldn't be insurance. It consists of non-risk-assessed care, therefore it's simply paid upon use. No premiums. No deductibles. No co-pays. It would be an entirely different market from what we see today. And it wouldn't be government covered at all. I'm confused on why you are interpreting it as such. It simply leaves an individual to purchase what care they want, from who they want it, and when they want it. And it would lessen regulations to make that easier and cheaper to do.
A public option is a government run option that competes along side insurance companies in the private market. What I suggest is to have the government lay taxes (not just provide an option) to cover catestrophic care. And since one would already be paying for this plan through taxes, most people would not seek out other private insurance plans. Other forms of care would be left to the free market. But because the risk of the unknown has been absorbed by the government plan, the risk assessement of insurance is no longer needed, and therefore insurance companies are not needed. And individuals are left to pay for their services themselves or collectively bargain for better rates. Which is entitely different from the risk pooling done for insurance. And when I say lay taxes, I would suggest collecting those funds from taxes that already exist. The medicare tax would be pulled from. And I'd suggest altering the Social Security tax to help pay for this while at the same time reducing the tax on the employee side, still providing care to retirees that actually need the assistence (rather than everyone), and using bonds to help pay for anyone that still needs to get paid for what they put into the system. But thats all really a separate discussion.
&gt; most competitive districts of America. Maybe for Presidential candidates, but not for District Representative. * 2016 - 65% to 30% * 2014 - 63% to 37% * 2012 - 55% to 43% * 2010 - 68% to 30% * 2008 - 64% to 35% * 2006 - 63% to 37% * 2004 - 65% to 33% * 2002 - 67% to 31% * 2000 - 67% to 33% * 1998 - 57% to 43%
&gt; It's gerrymandered to ensure that that's the case. They are doing it poorly then. Wasting lots of GOP votes when Ryan is winning consistently by 25% of the vote. Edit: Even more than that... * 2016 - 65% to 30% * 2014 - 63% to 37% * 2012 - 55% to 43% *2010 - 68% to 30% * 2008 - 64% to 35% * 2006 - 63% to 37% * 2004 - 65% to 33% * 2002 - 67% to 31% * 2000 - 67% to 33% * 1998 - 57% to 43%
"Yeah third person of five that enacted policy I liked." "Boo third person of five that wants to repeal policy I liked." Maybe we shouldn't let such policy be determined by one person, if that's the reactions here.
She called Republicans her "greatest enemy". Does that count? /s
Probably just shitty opinion pieces that Millenials take offense too rather than brushing them aside as shitty opinion pieces.
? Its not a party stance. Its the current reality of our laws. What reality do you live in where our laws don't regulate what we can do with our own bodies? Let me provide you with an example that 99% of people support yet it makes no sense if you believe we have a "right to our own body" or that a fetus isn't a life that deserves protection. Laws against incest. The only rational reason to support such a law is that it has the potential of harming a human life. But if a fetus doesn't have that protection, why wouldn't the sex be allowed and simply a requirement placed on them to have an abortion if genetic diseases or birth defects are detected? Why ban the act of sex from the get go? It harms nothing as a fetus isn't a life, right? And why not ban sex from couples of non blood relation that have genetic diseases that have an even higher chance of passing on harm to a child than these blood related couples? Even woman over the age of 50 are statistically more likely to pass on harmful birth defects to a child than offspring from first cousins. Yet we make only this act illegal. So it seems its more from a reason to simply disincentives that type of relationship as society views it as improper. Which would be a regulation on our own bodies just for the simply desire for it. We even ban sex from non-blood related family members, such as those formed from marriage (in-laws). So it's *proven* that it isn't just about harming a potential child. Even arguments about "power structures" fall on their face as such structures exist in tons of other areas where sex is legal (student/teacher, boss/employee, etc.). And thats just on an assumption that the power structure exists. If determined to **actually** exist it could simply be punished as rape. In all honesty, I imagine I support body autonomy much more than you. But I can at least acknowledge that such protections doesn't exist.
My fears of Title II itself? No, since my congressman opposes it. Why haven't I shared my desires for it's continued implementation with him? Because it wouldn't help. There is nothing I could say that he hasn't heard before.
You're the first person I've found that has shared this same opinion of mine.
I wish people would stop pushing for Ranked voting. It approves upon basically only one criterion from FPTP and while failing at others that FPTP passes. And it simply fails many critierion overall that people should desire (Consistency, Participation, and Reverse Symmetry). More info here: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electoral_system If we are going to take the time and energy in implement change, I desire to make the leap to a better system especially when it could be an easier process to do so. Approval would be much easier to implement, and is much better than Ranked voting. But I'd prefer Range over it all. Ranked is just such a poor move that I can't even support it. Because once we change to that, another change will be out of the question.
The Participation Criteria pertains to a type of tactical voting where abstaining from an election can help that voter's preferred choice to win. I think its illogical that a vote for a preffered candidate can negatively influence their chances of winning. Which is why I prefer systems that pass that criteria. Ranked voting doesn't. It has nothing to do with overall participation.
Ranked fails at Participation and Consistency, while FPTP passes those criterion. It certainly doesn't approve upon every criterion. Please deal with the facts. &gt; poorly educated on political matters I'm discussing actually voting system analysis and sharing my opinion on why I view Ranked as worse (based on the criteria I prefer). You're just attacking me as a person. &gt; Go back to r/Republican or r/Democrat or wherever you came from. I don't belong to either party and am not subscribed to either. If you'd like to make an educated argument for Ranked voting over Approval or Range, be my guest.
&gt; You have got to be shitting me. If you need explanation as to why that's BS then I can't help you. I'm not clear on why that is BS to you. I explained the Participation criteria in another comment. &gt; The Participation Criteria pertains to a type of tactical voting where abstaining from an election can help that voter's preferred choice to win. &gt; I think its illogical that a vote for a prefered candidate can negatively influence their chances of winning. Which is why I prefer systems that pass that criteria. Ranked voting doesn't.
"Voting history" isn't refering to how you voted, it's refering to where you voted and if you did vote at all.
That isnt what is being requested. "Voting history" is refering to what elections you have voted in, not how you voted.
