Wow this thread isn't even about Chelsea and they got shit on twice in a row god damn.
Should be noted that they were away fans in France.
I got 10 in 3 months playing the game, it's all about luck bro.
Havelange is Darth Sideous of football.
Neither are great options though, especially the second which would rightfully piss everybody that already owns the card.
I saw a BGH joke in the middle of a discussion about the corruption investigations there.
I'm not sure if he couldn't handle, because he's doing a *much* better job with Sarada atm. He just fucked up with Sakura and that's about it, there was plenty of opportunity with her as a character that's supposed to be one of the strongest ninjas in the world and he still treats her as a mediocre ninja with OP heals. Not unlike how Tsunade is perceived as much weaker than the average Hokage.
Isn't Lady Liadrin the Sun Cleric card?
Can you explain me what picture are you talking about? I only see the o e with the innkeeper and the shadowed one.
Well, they are rusted, as Kurama and Naruto said themselves.
Plot no Jutsu is a form ninjutsu. Talk no Jutsu is when you add the Speech element to it, and Speech is Naruto's kekkei genkai.
You can also just click save.
Definitely post 30.
She probably knew where they would meet.
Yeah, not even Naruto went all "Sakura-chan?!?! D=&gt;"
Because it's not in beta anymore.
Trust me, there will be no hate towards people that buy this. People are throwing a fit atm because for god knows why people think that releasing cosmetic alternatives as a buyable options means that Blizzard has been spending all their developing power in them instead of their deck slots and new game modes. It's unreasonable and shortly anough it'll be understood that these are, in fact, a good thing for Hearthstone, even if most people don't really care about them (they're options for people who want options). The prices are a reasonable complain though. It probably won't fade out because even if they only want one or two alternative heroes, 10$ for what they offer isn't good. It's almost half a full adventure.
Notice that the area around the portrait and the Hero Power is different!
That fucking New Classes introduction at 3:14 reminiscent of Sailor Moon, oh my god. That seemed like Rage Orc's videos, does anyone know if there's an original video with that?
The Santos player himself said it was a penalty, I don't know why people in this sub are so fast to call something a dive...
Better than Cristiano's, lol. Jokes aside, he doesn't take many free-kicks, so probably a good one.
And a filler one.
Depend on how good the burritos are.
Agreed, the first half was pretty awesome. I don't remember the last episode we had with some epic music, shit going on and actually good animation.
And why the fuck bitching about it is good? The group of people working on things like this is completely different from the group of people working in new cards and new features (and you can be sure that they are). Like someone else said, it's like complaining about card balancing to the artists. We should be glad this was done because it's an not gameplay-related improvement done by people not working on gameplay, and then keep asking for content to people actually working on gameplay so they can put it in a higher priority list (that still would take months to get shape). Keep in mind that until BRM there was *very few* people complaining so much about lack of content as people are now, but suddenly everything that is not new deckslots or tournament mode will be cashcowing. Yes, I'm certain that they're working on deckslots and thinking about how to add new modes and ladder (and which), but these things take *time* and they weren't on top of most people priority lists until these last few weeks. It's not the dev's fault that the size of their team is so ridiculously small compared to the money they make and the size of the playerbase. Blizzard seems proud of it being that way and is probably using the game to fund other ones like HotS and Overwatch, but it just turned out that it is incompatible with Hearthstone's growth. People are asking for much more features and faster than they can provide them, we got mobile platform just a month ago and they still need to constantly think about new cards being added. If Blizzard decides to give the team proper support and investment they might be able to keep up with demands but until then we'll need to get used to improvements being slow.
But we can be reasonable here, it seems.
Funny how anyone who disagrees with you is labelled as a fanboy.
It's really immersive into Kvothe's story, it feels like I'm reading a diary or something and it's one of the biggest reasons I love the series. It feels like a normal life, except it's in a fantasy world. Makes it feel rich.
I have no idea what you guys are talking about :D
I don't like him less at all, it's just easier to point out his problems. Kvothe and Denna are my favorite characters though, so there's that.
Iirc Patrick mentioned a desire to write a book from Denna's perspective. He said he isn't good enough of a writer to write from a teenager girl's perspective so I'm guessing we won't see anything like this for *many* years. But anyway I'm looking forward to it and it's good to know he wants to do something like this.
It's surprising and funny the ammount of people that get some character's visuals wrong. For a long time I thought Bast was black, and I have friends who didn't realize Wilem and Kilvin were, and one that was sure Ambrose was blonde. Patrick is so subtle with descriptions that you kinda create a visual for the characters by yourself and assume he told it, when in fact very few other than Kvothe and Denna are very detailed. Other than that I feel Denna is also prone to a *lot* of misconceptions about her character by fans.
You ravel.
You didn't call be fanboy a single time, but some of your reactions are ridiculous. First of all, if you're using a Forrest Gump reference that says someone isn't smart, than you're saying that person isn't smart. Being a reference is not an excuse. And then everyone who disagrees are fanboys who just go along. The fact is that there are people flipping about skin options (which *is* a good thing for the game) that has absolutely no relation to people involved in gameplay features. It's a bonus, for the people who wanted it. You can't ask an artist to balance the cards or a programmer to fix the ladder system. And there's also people like you who *still* flip about an interview he did over a fucking year ago where he talked about (legitimate) worries about increasing the deck slots, revolting about the circlejerk that they're "too confusing". Let's all ignore how they all mentioned multiple times over that new features, modes, deck slots and ladder improvements are all good things for the future of the game and how they would try to implement them eventually, shall we? It's obvious everyone who doesn't are just fanboys.
You *start* the game as a class, a race and a faction, how is any of that unlocked slowly as you level up?
Same with the mobile platform release. Ben Brode said that having a mobile version was a new feature and people got angry with that.
He's wrong and you're right, it's a Japanese thing. Chinese has a *lot* of Ls.
This is beautiful, great read.
This actually looks like you!
He already has one planned, Laniel Born Again (or something like this) will be out after D3 and is about a woman in Modeg.
Which one is Silhouette?
Yeah price definition is the hardest question here, would they more than double the sales of the cut the price by half? But I agree with you there, I think that with an accessible price they would sell much more of these. It would make people (like me) consider buying more if not all of the heroes instead of just one for their favorite class for exemple. Unless they give frequent promotions, which would be reasonable.
People were also willing to spend for cosmetic alternative heroes, but the price was too much. People wouldn't be happy if each deckslot costed 5$, and they would move on to complain about a lack of tournament mode.
Arena is supposed to be the place where *everyone* is the same and with equal opportunities and chances. Seeing an opponent with a golden portrait or cards would reveal that he's a quite experienced player would break that, so it's understandable why they want to keep the Arena as this homogenous place.
I liked it...
Neymar is secretly a girl, a real life Mulan story.
Juventus is doing a great job shutting down Messi, and Evra particularly.
Well Europe used to considerably favor tall and strong players over technical ones not too long ago. It used to be their thing.
Europeans used to, too.
It was in slow mo.
110
I know, what I don't know is the problem with it. He's Brazilian and religious, not exactly big news.
/r/hearthstone is particularly flipping at a 9,99$ skin revealed a couple of days ago, but yeah it could apply to any other game with skins.
It's in the box but also adds one more click to start the game, which is something they want to avoid (and there's already some complain). Here's the thing, you, /u/stonekeep and many other players are always offering great ideas as to how to add new deck slots. They're all viable. But they can't pick the first decent one they find, they need to decide what is *the best* option for the game. When they add one they can't change it back, so it has to be a pretty great solution. They take a long time to decide on this kind of stuff, and even when they finally make it they'll most likely hold it to release along with a new expansion of the game like they did with Espectator mode, new platform release and most likely the alternative heroes.
I think you will like [this](http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/244183/Video_Designing_an_immersive_user_interface_for_Hearthstone.php). It is months old now but still pretty insightful about the work behind the UI.
Vidal *and* Marchisio didn't follow Iniesta's run though.
Do you think your username applies to him?
I don't think there's a better word to describe Santos as a whole than "Saudade".
Yet his football quality is exactly the same.
&gt; It is actually a joke the level of credit given to players who play outside of Europe. Ding ding ding. But it's obvious that the country which consistenly brings players like Thiago, David Luiz, Miranda and Marquinhos to Europe could never possibly have great defenders in their own league, all the decent ones are sold out and they're left with bones! /s
That's not weird. Americans don't call their football as American football and Brazilians don't call Brazilian wax (or nuts) as Brazilian wax (or nuts).
Thankfully their national team isn't anymore.
Thiago Silva didn't have that great of a performance in that World Cup to be honest, pretty much everyone but Neymar were extremely shaky and cracking under that pressure. He would have snapped like the rest of the team and was as broken as the rest of them against Netherlands.
&gt;the amount of ref manhandling in that game surprised no one. FTFY
Not really, the handball rules are very messy.
Does that really count, though? He wasn't there at the end.
Are you guys hoping that this team can accomplish something in Copa América? I personally don't think it is any good, but if you're just hoping to give some chances and experience to younger and talented players then it's great.
To be honest I barely paid attention to the second half.
I didn't even look at the flair, that was dumb lol
Except Lucas is actually very good.
Well sometimes it looks like a warzone. And so do schools.
I think that tackle on William today was more similar than this. William also thankfully didn't have his feet planted.
Classic one.
Most people agreed with the call up at the time. Sure, having him or Firmino would be nice, but people thought it was a very reasonable call up especially considering how well the team was playing (all of them, including Fred, Jô, Bernard, Paulinho...) and the Confederations Cup, but so many players fell out of form in between.
Which is funny because I think a 3min Hearthstone reveal would get them much more excited, I'd guess much more people among videogame media play Hearthstone casually than there are people interested in those games xD But yeah, Blizzard seems to be giving these games a lot of focus and interest, they're what I expected to be the main attraction too.
I play all my dragons except Crusher and they're absolutely playable and fun to me, it's just a question whether you want to netdeck and go for the high ranks and legend or play with what you like. BRM might not be for Spikes but it's great for all the Jimmys and Johnnys, it's not like the cards are terrible.
That sounds like an adventure.
I'm not sure, I'm also part of other larger communities like /r/soccer or /r/books and they're pretty good, it's not a rule. My guess is possibly the younger or gaming audience, I've noticed this sub's community is noticeably worse than the others I'm subbed but it's also and only one with these traits.
And it's hilarious how everything suddenly started a couple of weeks ago as people discussed and suddenly agreed that Hearthstone is as crude as an amateur game and the devs are "lazy". If all this got revealed some weeks after the end of BRM people would all be pretty hyped.
Hearthstone is a digital card game though, there's no card cycling or ban lists. The card producing process is also trickier because they can't get many cards out in a short time otherwise it would become much harder for new players fast, since cards never go away. Magic doesn't have this concern.
Less combos.
Someone hire this guy.
It there any problem on children around age 10? I got a 3 hour surgery as a kid and then a 20min one a month later, both with general anesthesia. It's far from age 4 so I'm not sure of those "risks" apply.
I don't think anyone plays Arena 2 or 3 games at a time. A tournament mode which requires you to play 3 games in a row sounds totally reasonable to me, I for one would much rather play a tournament with fixed people than a constructed Arena with random ones.
It's really cool, if you get any new Hearthstone ideas again don't hesitate to share with us!
Old card buffs confirmed
It'll certainly be added eventually, people just hope it's soon enough.
Probably will.
Yeah, I think they don't have a consensus yet. It'll be free at first and they may or may not change it eventually. Personally, I think they won't.
Hearhstone wiki is wrong then, she is mentioned in the Hunter trivia.
Do you play Mech Shaman? It's a good deck with very little things that hurt Shaman, like overload.
Healthy things like racism, sexism, homophobia and political hatred? Yeah, it would be a real shame.
It seems unlikely though, they seem to be making all their legendaries as big beasts in the game and their basics have Beast synergy. All their minions are either beasts our Houndmasters. I think they will keep everything else as spells and traps.
All Hunter legendaries are beasts, this would be our only chance of seeing Alleria in the game.
Naruto is not smart.
If it's a single hair, might be harder to pick up the color. It's an actual potential excuse.
Why is he relevant?
Hey Kibler, what are your thoughts on the Tavern Brawl mode since you won Challengestone and all? I only knew you through those BRM articles and you pretty much became my favorite Hearthtone guy after that competition, as a Bolvar fan and fellow Dragon user. You've got the right attitude towards the game.
American television?
Thanks!
You should check out HearthPwn for some deck ideas, I don't play Mech Shaman myself (Deathrattle Shaman too fun) but I know it's a deck that performs very well and is usually underrated. Some important cards are Powermace and Fel Reaver, but I don't know much what else it runs.
Unfortunate, the first one was pretty cool and well accepted.
Holy shit North America is a *bit* oversized in that map.
Bro, you're in the US. I've heard of people who didn't know where *Brazil* is...
Or be losing hard but filling your own side with Doomguards.
Well whether a post will be buried or not depends on the first few votes, it seems that OP didn't have much luck with that and the sub was a little heated these last few weeks. Also custom card posts were becoming too numerous so I think they decided to stop upvoting most of them, there's another sub specifically for that after all.
I'm not being hypothetical, I have friends that had that problem and I can definitely find people like that around the math, physics and engineering parts of my university (usually around the top of the class). Intelligence can be crazy unbalanced sometimes over different things, just like some people in human sciences can't do the simplest of math tasks.
Aka the Italians.
On the other hand Magni sounds like a really good fella.
Ragnaros cards are more OP though!
The Portuguese translation is horrible, they are all too literal and have a terrible choice of word. So many words no one uses or have even heard and the names become too ugly. Portuguese is a good language and I've seen very good translations of games and books, but I only play Hearthstone in English.
Reboliço! Damn I'd love if they had used that.
I think they said it on Twitter shortly after Magni was revealed.
Didn't watch Eragon or Avatar, but the DBZ movie was disgusting. Ridiculously small budget too, I've seen better fan videos on youtube.
Perhaps because [some other arts](http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/583532302611858816/E01F8C48A4A93FB44A4491C5C6073FED0AF6F808/) we have of her are much cooler.
&gt; A 5 mana 5/3 charge with no downside is crazy Warrior gets a 4 mana 4/3 with charge, it's a class card.
I don't think Neymar would have changed the collective breakdown at all, and we wouldn't have "lost anyway" if the breakdown never happened, it would be a really close match like it was supposed to be.
Yeah I thought about those after posting too! Seems much easier xD
That's very true, and that's also why it's one of the hardest decks to master, with so many tools and weapons (both minions and actual weapons) at your disposal and synergy. It's not too unlike those Oil Rogue decks at their prime, your comment could apply to them at that time too. Combo based and best used by high skilled players, but with its own weaknesses. I hate Patron because it made my favorite class (Paladin) get screwed and very punished, but I still don't see it as OP.
I love this so much, I replay it so many times everytime I see it. Probably my favorite internet thing ever.
Now picture Brazil sticking to Firmino and Tardelli (in the Chinese league atm) after a World Cup with Fred and Jô... Brazil and Argentina should fuse so we can dominate the world.
I would.
I'd rather have her breed with a Brazilian legend, otherwise we risk giving Argentina a really big gift lol
Is there a year he doesn't?
I came here to say this, I always thought he actually said cat, TIL. :(
Wow, so bitter. Iirc this "we suck at the sports we create" is a very common British joke about yourselves.
We didn't post-2006, and even at his prime he didn't perform that well for Brazil. His best performances were during 2002 WC and that's the one Rivaldo and Ronaldo carried us through.
Huh, Globoesporte.com reported they mistook the Freds but that makes much more sense.
He plays around well but rarely scores or give assists, that's not what we would expect from a Brazilian attacking midfielder.
Paraguay, Uruguay, Venezuela and Peru passing would be really funny though, I wouldn't even be mad.
You're right, we all did. Good thing that we didn't in the end, the team is playing just like when Felipão took over, except with different players. I love watching our NT in a good day nowadays.
(◕‿◕✿) he's also nice and i'm rooting for him on challengestone 2 (◕‿◕✿)
Wow this player list looks much cooler than the last one! Seems like I'll be watching all the matches this time...
Too soon. ^^and ^^it's ^^futebol
Cristiano? What are you on? lol
And Colômbia.
They won't let him bench David Luiz, he's too fan favorite...
He certainly will, players play international matches much more often nowadays.
Most people who don't look for Brazilian football history don't know other players beside Pelé and Garrincha (who's not from Santos), but that team was filled with geniuses.
He still got a point, Pelé scored a goal in the World Cup final when he was 16 in 1958. Players play much more international games nowadays, it's only natural that Neymar will surpass him. That doesn't mean he has a better goal per game ratio than Pelé.
Nah mate we used to compare Ronaldo and Zidane before too.
I don't think that's a fair name, he did really well in Milan while he could.
They both got FIFA Player of the Year three times each, so we discussed about them a lot. Just because you don't care about them doesn't mean nobody did.
Could be true 20 years ago, but ten years ago around the time of Ronaldo, Zidane, Ronaldinho, Rivaldo, Kaká and others it was definitely something most Brazilians talked about, at least.
I only see this one match mentioned over and over again, is there any other exemples of matches?
He was also *very* unbalanced, one leg was much stronger than the other.
I got one recently and I like having one for my Hunter, transforming my 1/1s in beast 1/1s at worst and sometimes transforming their taunt. But he might be more valuable for you as 400 dust.
He quite like spiders too.
My father loves Despicable Me :(
Also the fact you can't interact with your opponent's hand in Hearthstone, so combo in general are better in this game for that reason alone.
The new heros aren't that exceptional imo, only Medivh really stands out.
Certainly intentional, they've said plenty of times it is a feature they would like to have in the game.
Scandal?? This sub is getting rediculous I swear...
Da spirits be restless*
Yay, a person raised a social class. Maybe now we should all ignore facts and data all over the world and decide everything is alright :D
Not only inside a country, but it also happens in a global level. Peripheric countries are *never* going to become first world countries unless they are given blatant help like South Korea did. Rich-poor relationship can be extended to global scale between nations and the gap just gets steeper (and, thus, harder).
Aguero wants to take the ball home, he *never* passes.
I really like that you did your first hero! Do you plan on doing something about the new heroes after this next one? I'd love to see you doing Medivh or Alleria. Edit: Just saw that you did some "Quick Facts" on them, that's really cool!
Without Neymar
Exactly the kind of old-school Brazilian midfielder we need nowadays.
So, is this series ending? Wasn't it supposed to be only 10 chapters? Seeing grown Naruto and young Sarada is so cool, I really wiish we had a longer series after this, I enjoy this time period.
The lack of thinking midfielders is much worse, we at least got some mediocre strikers.
Tardelli &gt;&gt; Pato. I'd rather see Luis Fabiano in the NT than Pato honestly...
He doesn't have injury problems anymore, he's just completely mediocre now. He's... just decent.
Well he did get a pretty amazing record in Colômbia at Atlético Nacional, which is more fair indication of quality imo.
But they look so cool :(
What did she do there?
Not to mention they're probably using most of Hearthstone money to fund HotS and Overwatch, Hearthstone's team didn't grow that much in a year and a half.
Yeah Metzen was the guy I was thinking, I remember some WoW players saying the story started to change to a bad direction with him. But I don't know when he got in charge.
No, that's just wrong. Soccer was a term invented and promoted by the rich class, and the worker class (you know, the ones who played it) refused to call it soccer. It was a class dispute in England more than anything.
People watching it doesn't mean people liked it. You don't know whether you will like a movie before paying for it...
Oh god I remember that hahaha The commenting was great too, "que é que fooo^ooo^ooo^ooi "
Yes, I've seen some fall down but immediately get up and keep celebrating. No memorable one to mention, though. Even fat Ronaldo could jump that.
This year you actually can!
I'm... not sure I would count Inception as anything like a psychological movie. Or anything like Donnie Darko. I would put it as something closer to Butterfly Effect.
Holy shit that guy scarred the hell out of you!
The boy saw her more than once, then? It was a constant thing? My mother believes in spiritual stuff, and met a "medium" she trusted once my aunt got cancer (she said this same medium predicted an accident I got into years before it happened). She started describing my aunt's apartment and said there was an evil spirit in a very old mirrored table in her living room that was sending bad energy to her and telling her to kill herself as she stared at it. Of course I didn't believe it. But then my aunt expressed suicidal thoughts and it turns out her apartment had a very weird design but the woman had described it perfectly. There was also a very dark and old mirrored table at a corner of the room but kinda in a central position. She brought it to her apartment some months earlier after the previous owner (also family member) died, and turns out every one of its owners developted cancer and died. As I said I'm a logical person and try to ignore these things. But fuck me if they don't creep the hell out of you and make you question a lot of things.
Holy shit, I have a young cousin that we jokingly thought could be gay but his dad seemed to get worried and I saw him show a magazine to him. Your description matched the event so perfectly that for a moment I assumed I had just found my cousin's reddit account, but then I remembered my oncle showed a Playboy to him.
My aunt died soon after, they most likely got rid of the table.
At least it's a long time past that, now! No need to dwell on past memories, specially bad ones!
I know that, but she doesn't ask for money. It's not her "job" and she wouldn't get anything from it. And she was pretty precise on things, which was the scary part.
Forgot his dumb penalty against the Netherlands in the first few minutes of the game...
They grow up so fast :')
All our fullbacks are attack minded =P
What did he do? =/
Probably has Rogério Ceni as an idol ;)
What did he say to get to -80? '-'
I'm the best at pretending to be myself!
It's not really hard to find Playboy worthy women here, you just need to find some slightly famous and cheap ones.
She has a 1 comma Sharingan, dude.
Probably fire like all Uchihas.
Can she get EMS if she implants her own MS in her own blind MS?
Messi is playing on his standard for Argentina, though.
One pretentious supporter is enough to desire a loss for the entire nation? It's not like there's any other Brazilian backing him up there.
There's the pressure of playing home, though.
We didn't when we faced them the last time. We won't play different just because we lack Neymar.
Porra means jizz and caralho means dick.
You think this messed with his head? That's very possibly true, Dunga was asked exactly about this and he said something like "players are human too, they aren't immune to these things".
The link is broken =/
That's Götze.
The internet finds a way.
Sarada looks so much better like this than with glasses and the Konoha head band like in the movie.
Wow it seems I completely underestimated how much the Japanese love super sentai stuff.
It was absolutely surreal... In 84 years of World Cups our worst result ever was a 3-0 against France in France.
They had the second best group stage after Netherlands imo and the only team that had an easy time in the first knock-out round while Germany had struggled so much against Algeria and people started questioning them. If you pushed Germany's defense harder you could find their flaws, but barely any team did that (ironically Argentina with their amazing strikers was struggling to score during the entire WC). France was doing great until the Germany match, they seemed to be absolutely scared by the opposing shirt alone and lacked confidence. They got knocked out by their own mindset imo, I still think they and Colombia were the best teams in the tournament.
I don't understand this, why would they come off as arrogant? For us they were the absolutely opposite of that. It was a *huge* deal for them and they knew about the huge pressure in their backs (made obvious by their later mental breakdown). It was not their "right", but their necessity. It was the humblest Brazil I've ever seen, the players felt like underdogs because people had stopped believing in Brazil and they wanted/needed to restore the pride and make Brazilians support them again, which would only be possible with a title. Thiago always mentioned how European players gave him shit in Italy and France by saying Brazil isn't a big deal anymore, even after beating Spain 3-0 in the Confederations Cup. I felt absolutely terrible for the players after that game because I knew how much it meant for them and how hard they were trying, they didn't deserve that. I feel sad by how non-Brazilians felt they were arrogant, that's a really misdirected interpretation.
How can you complain about Brazil hate when you act like that? It's always you every single time for fuck sake. It's absolutely understandable to be proud of our football legacy because there really isn't anything like it but you're just being an absolute ass and being the one tainting their perception of our fans.
Hungry Crab is a closer card imo.
I don't think he's as great people make him out to be atm, but he certainly is talented enough to be. He has a nice touch and the Brazilian skills as you would expect. I hope he gets a big ramp in his career in this move just like Coutinho did when he left Inter, so we can have the duo as staples in our national team.
It had a straight cut, unlike Sasuke's (and like Itachi's). Wouldn't be the first time they made that mistake though.
Only if the current generation was born immediately following The Last. More than 15 years passed since she was born.
Wasn't Gohan in the Cell saga kinda like that?
Yeah I expect him to be a top 4 player in Liverpool, but that's not an amazing achievement at all. He's just a good player atm, but I'm hoping that he grows in the transition like Coutinho and becomes one of the best strikers/attacking-mid in England/Europe.
Konohamaru will be the 8th because reasons, just like Kakashi who filled the hole between the extremely short Tsunade spell and Naruto. Konohamaru is Naruto's pupil and if Kishi would ever show the next generation he would definitely get his face carved beside Naruto at some point.
You started just being a dick to a person who showed no hate towards Brazil, just said the absolutely rational thing that our national team hasn't been great in the last few years. It was an absolute overreaction. You have a victim complex and hurt pride here and decided to be an ass to every non Brazilian here. The circlejerk does exist but you can argue with it with reason more often than not. You can be rude to people being rude if you want, but extrapolating it to some normal discussion and just causing a shitstorm is completely uncalled for. You can certainly show to be passionate about our NT legacy and you can argue with the people shitting on us unreasonably, but if you keep throwing shit to the fan in unnecessary times you're not helping anyone and is becoming part of the problem.
It was a different cut than the Akatsuki one, it went from bottom left to upper right.
Well he never got it officially, he didn't really count as the Sixth.
Maybe a Naxx deathrattle deck vs a BRM dragon deck? I don't think so but it's a possibility.
They also said later that Adventures were much easier to make and they would likely release them more often than expansions. It was a post-BRM interview but I don't remember where.
Agreed, and as expensive as they are it is much friendlier to new players than a whole new pack to choose from, but I don't remember if this was mentioned as a reason too.
No, he said you're awful because you weren't able to win after 22 games regardless of having the cards or not, because it isn't as hard as you said. I'm not saying he's right, but what he said is completely different from what you just said.
You can't count Adventure cards as being "common", mate...
Road to Ninja was pretty awesome imo. A few funny interactions with alternate versions of some characters and some really nice development of Naruto's family and his feelings over them. It was unexpectedly touching to me.
[Yes](http://i22.mangareader.net/naruto/233/naruto-1567425.jpg), [that one](http://i11.mangareader.net/naruto/236/naruto-4607.jpg).
This always happens in /r/soccer, get used to it. This is simply the first time Chile got in the spotlight, but they love to make villains out of a game instead of looking retionally at both sides.
&gt; Really hope Jara gets what's coming to him. FTFW. Here is just Jara being an ass, no need to blame all of them for this one thing.
This is more associated to Argentinians, here. While Uruguay is more about a rough intense game, "raça".
Doesn't need to be caipira though, just being in a different state or a big non-capital city and some will already be talking about the entire country. *Or* someone from a big capital that thinks their city = Brazil, pretty common from Rio and specially São Paulo folk.
A lot of comedy TV shows have their guys messing with people doing infractions, like this. We're notably bad with our traffic laws so people love when there's some "justice" made. Sometimes they even have a short interview with them so we see whether they would be the angry entitled or the embarassed "whoops" kind.
Only if you prove it.
I thought Uruguay was like the child of a divorced marriage where both parents hate each other while trying to get attention from the kid. I like your version more, though.
To be honest I was a little disappointed Naruto didn't show any new tricks. A Hokage like him could use some new moves on this army of kids instead of going 1-on-1 with them with Kage Bushin...
That seems cooler than Boruto taking up a protagonist position.
I don't think it's logical, specially when you got a whole lot of sweeping moves in your arsenal. Why even bother going 1-on-1? I'm really disappointed he didn't show any new tricks too.
I can't help but admire this team who started small and was mostly seen as a side project, without any directions given or much resources and created a game this fun. They nailed the aspects they focused on, the game is extremely fun and it does look and feel fun to play, and it is completely instinctive. It is also incredibly balanced considering there is *9* classes, as much as we complain about Shaman and Priest.
Agreed, me and a friend picked it up just because it was a small game that we could simply download and start playing immediately, then we found out the game was extremely fun. There's always the Blizzard factor too, we can always trust they will deliver quality content and they're known for that, as much as dedicated fans complain about new iterations of their favorite games. People will always at least give a try to anything they release.
This comparison exists ever since he became a professional lol
They've got a position in my area of choice in a city near me here in Brazil! Fuck me if this isn't an extreme tease, if only I wasn't just getting out of college...
Brings me back to Brazil - Croatia days. But Chile still has a lot of support.
Paulinho was the best midfielder in Brazil in his years in Corinthians.
Not to mention saying Corinthians was on par with Bayern, Real and Barcelona.
So is Paulinho, but both sucked in England.
This should have been further up. One of the best players in the world suddenly Pato'ed after the move.
Paulinho wasn't famous because of a international tournament, he was tearing up the Brazilian league for *years* before that. No one questioned his quality, he's certainly not painfully average.
I'll mention the forgotten ones, Bernard and Wellington Nem at Shakhtar. Could have been players like Firmino, Coutinho and Oscar on different clubs. I just hope Lucas doesn't follow them in PSG, that boy has real talent.
Yup, just lost two players... Éverton Ribeiro and Tardelli (not young, but also moved to China around the same time) are still being called, but that can't last for long...
Are these pics old?
Naruto x Sasuke is always on my mind when talking about this, watched that so many times. I do think they crossed the line at the beginning of the Pain fight, though it was awesome once they left the village.
Is there a mirror?
Seems like for of your posts broke =/
Paladin loves their core cards though, 1 Truesilver, 1 Consecration and etc gotta hurt.
The game hasn't been too hard to be fair.
Dribbling his way to the goal.
They're definitely not that important for us, they're very underwhelming considering their names. Coutinho would be a sub if we had Oscar and Firmino is only a starter because we don't have anybody else, and there's already people disliking him.
Some Brazilian clubs would definitely do a better job against Paraguay, it's incredible how we have no midfield, creativity and how the clueless the players are right now.
In case you were serious, Vasco is 100% one of the 12 big teams, they have the 4th biggest fan base in the country. Botafogo being the 4th team from Rio. It's pretty embarrassing to leave these two out.
Lucas Moura, Felipe Anderson. I reckon any Brazilian midfielder or striker in a good form in our league would do a better job and at least have the confidence to try to create chances.
He wants to stay in Europe iirc.
Or Kuririn.
Guadiola's style is very similar to Brazil's golden era in the late 50's and 60s indeed (he said it himself), but my point against Guardiola is the first one I made, that of him being mostly a club coach that benefits from training his team in a daily basis, while NT coaches rely on the club's training on their players. This is something Mourinho said about himself which I think applies a lot to Guardiola.
I mostly think these player's individual qualities are better than the whole and the team synergy and tactics just sucks, but sometimes they are just so mediocre...
The part about your husband weirded me out though.
Yeah they never romanize Japanese character's names.
All three were POTY.
Probably, he's been a one-man-circlejerk about MSN being the best attaking trio ever and Messi this whole thread.
It's England, they probably are.
I'm guessing this guy is the Felipe Melo of Chileans.
Someone cursed you guys I swear.
He always delivers for the NT.
Well, this was like the first time ever he has been good for us.
They certainly got a fame for playing dirty and harsh football and fouls. We wouldn't like to play them again, no good game would come out of it, but they aren't getting any or any of the blame for that. Most people are hating Brazilian football itself and shitting on this generation.
You're underestimating Brazil too much here. Don't forget we eliminated Colômbia 2-0 in the World Cup and went to the semi-finals, and also beat them again and Argentina in friendlies 2-0 since them. We played like shit in the WC and in Copa América, but we're still Brazil. With Neymar and Oscar back we're not below them by any means.
He was playing alongside Miranda.
Wow, there isn't BGH and Undertaker? I'm honestly surprised by that.
Gang Up
Flamewaker
Jara or Felipe Melo? Lol
The article is very good and contains some of the reasons we're always talking and complaining about for *years* now. Just two things, the shift to pragmatism was much stronger after 1982 and that traumatic defeat against Italy than 1966. And more importantly of all, he conveniently forgot to mention how our shift to physical players and runners was an deliberate act by our clubs to please the European market, loved that kind of shit and started buying all our talent in the late 80s and early 90s. As clubs became more and more dependant on player sales to make income, they started to look for European-like players instead of technical/smart ones. We regressed while they progressed, and now we're lagging some 20 years behind.
We're losing a *lot* of talents to China, UAE, Qatar, Shakhtar and second and third tier European clubs. Not to mention players who failed like Pato, Ganso and Damião. Honestly, Éverton Ribeiro at one point was linked to Man U, but went to UAE instead. Goulart was just as great and went to China. Wellington Nem and Bernard were top young players in the Brazilian league like Oscar, Lucas and Coutinho but went to Shakhtar's bench. Adryan and Lucas (the Chelsea one) were potential stars but moved out too soon and now they're in Limbo. We're losing *waaaay* too many talents. Our league is scrapping at bones and we have to rely in players like William, Fernandinho and Firmino on our starting team...
Yes, you're right about that, but I don't know what you mean by "stay properly". Do you mean players that stay in our league instead of going abroad? We do have those, but most of those are just decent, and the good ones are older.
Brazilian tactics and managers suck, so they need to move to a first tier league if they really want to improve, but our league is still a very good second tier league that can provide good talents to the NT. Neymar, Oscar and Lucas Moura are exemples of players who stayed and became stablished here before moving out, and there's also late bloomers like Éverton Ribeiro, Goulart and Paulinho who get at a high level at home soil. Neymar got at the high level he is right now in Brazil, he commanded the NT since 2011. The transition of a lot of these players to bad leagues or permanent bench is what really stumps their career.
Muricy is an amazing coach but I wouldn't like him taking up the NT, he would just be Felipão 2.0. He might be the best of the old coaches but he is still outdated like the rest of them.
Wasn't Éverton Riveiro linked to Man U as well?
I hope Lucas Silva doesn't get into a limbo of bench and loans as well.
Certainly 1994, but not 2002. A generation with Rivaldo, Ronaldo, Ronaldinho, Cafu, R. Carlos and etc is not forgettable at all and that's their icon.
Coutinho was an unproven Brazilian talent.
I'm not native either, you'll get better as you get more contact with it xD
I fucking loved it, had so much fun. Played Mage (obviously), Rogue, not-face Hunter and Paladin (Blessed Champion!) and had incredibly fun games with all of them. It made me use some underused cards like the Troggs, Echoing Ooze (MVP), Illidan and finally gave light to my golden Auctioneer. Not to mention that it made completing quests completely entertaining and I could just make fun decks with underused cool cards since they weren't permanent and I couldn't care less about losing. Most of the opponents were Mages (any Brawl ever with messed rules will *always* create unbalance to certain classes, just like Challengestone, people should accept that) but I still saw a lot of variety like Rogue or Shaman, and usually I couldn't care less about who I'm facing since my decks were fun to play by themselves. In the end of the day I want more Brawls like this, I certainly enjoyed it. You can't really beat a perfect lethal with Blessed Champions to a Redemption-ed minion or getting two 11/9s while keeping a full hand in a single turn.
What's the main TV channels in Tanzania?? I ask this because I've got a (drunk) friend interviewed from a Tanzanian tv here in Brazil as we were watching Netherlands vs Costa Rica, but we don't remember the channel so we'll never know if there's any chance we can find it online somehow. "Are any of you Dutch?" "Uhh some part of my family is Dutch" "Good enough" Then my friend went completely nuts while everyone around stared as he screamed scrambled words as if his blood was orange.
That's why I mentioned him, Ganso and Damião apart. They're special cases that aren't related to the rest of my point but also explain the current lack of top players in the NT.
Yes, and Colômbia was especially rough among all of those. Even some Colombians were saying they become considerably more dirty when they feel they're being outplayed.
I'm glad that he didn't make it for them, so I don't need to worry about him anymore hahaha. Also Ademilson was that shitty.
He also has respect in Brazil so he will surely sign with a big club once he gets back.
Zambrano Felipe Melo'ed pretty hard there, singlehandedly ruined Peru's chances. I wanted Chile to win because this is their big chance to win a Copa América, but I really liked Peru's growth. Hopefully Paraguay will deliver tomorrow.
He's been the most important Chilean player for *years* now, though. Even if those two reached a higher level he was more important to Chile's NT. He always delivers for you.
Or any team he played after Universidad de Chile...
I'm playing secret Paladin and this is a deck that really gives me problems, Secret Pala doesn't have ways to win back the board when they swarm so fast.
Having Injured Kvaldir is super gimmicky though, the good scenario would be pulling out free Webspinners or Leper Gnomes, cards that you would have in your deck anyway. The issue really is that most decks have good 1 mana minions these days, you never want to give them free Troggs, Mana Wyrms or Secretkeepers.
She's also projecting her own problems and issues on Blizzard. The fact she cuts off all connections and doesn't trust others explain so well her behavior over the series. I'm really hoping she gets full character development to overcome that, akin to how Saitama exposed Garou feelings to himself.
Well she *is* trying to cut off all of Blizzard's relationships atm, it's somewhat implied she did things like that in the past and actively isolates her sister.
Where can we read his interviews? He seems to throw a lot of interesting information around.
That's not starving aka not eating though, that's why he was downvoted.
The card is meant to be used against decks that *don't* run a 1 mana card, then it's really great. Kvaldir is definitely *not* the only reason to play this card.
Yeah I wasn't talking about any sister thing, but rather an aspect of her own personality (which you explained well).
They don't need to make actual mean remarks, just have them laughing, having weirded out faces or something instead of concerned faces. Wouldn't change the scene one bit artistically (and would probably represent a strong memory for her because of shame, so it would be relevant to the story), so he still has a point.
I feel like I take pills all the time here, the way people undervalue past legends (and overrate present ones) is ridiculous. I understand that many people here just started following the sport a few years ago but they keep agreeing with each other and suddenly Suarez is on par with Ronaldo R9 (yes, I read that) as an agreed upon truth.
Well you can break some stuff. I'm a simple man, I like breaking stuff.
Well we got *two* boards in a single expansion, the Museum one is as good as the others. Too bad the desert one is underwhelming :P Still better than Pandaria or Ogrimmar.
TGT is amazing too though. I'm always lost because I don't know what to play with.
This makes more sense, Darkshine should have been a 10 and Metal Bat a 9 (imo) if it was simple endurance.
Hobgoblin is one of the cards we really want to get to have fun with, but really do not have the heart to craft.
Two attack is worth waaay more than one, it doesn't kill anything besides 2/1s.
Well everyone knew something would be announced, we just didn't know it would take so little time between announcing and releasing.
Fair card? Surely, yeah. A good one? No. People would play Unstable Ghoul before this card, and no one plays Unstable Ghoul beyond Patron Warrior. A staple in Hobgoblin or Bolster decks, though.
I don't think Gazlowe is even worth trying out =P
So, I win! I thought Day9 would win the community, but I guess Kibler is an equaly lighthearted and likeable person, but as a higher profile player. I wonder if he won similar things with the Magic community (if there was anything like that). The Eloise and Lifecoach game was easy though, I doesn't get much crazier than that. I couldn't write that.
You're welcome! ;)
He did, actually. Pretty long ago.
A knee injury.
I've been assuming 2017-2018 for a couple of years now. 2017 would be a pleasent surprise.
I don't think México can win the ballon d'or.
I don't think Mysterious Challanger needs any nerf. Sure a better statline like 6 mana 5/5 would be nicer but Blizzard never makes small ajustments.
/r/soccer in two words.
I don't think you can do anything without other people assuming you're being sarcastic...
One Slap Girl, she'll get a spin off.
All praise our lord and savior '/s', who save us from these damned moments.
Brb googling.
Thanks!
That fucking song man, I love it! I like most songs from Kouji Wada, in fact.
Nope, you're not alone. I know many people who like it, myself included.
Bang is a tier above all these you mentioned, imo. He's the middle point between Tatsumaki and the rest, and effective against physical foes. Would likely have cleaned the Monster Association by himself if they didn't have a psychic who could stop him (which could also be said of Tatsumaki).
No surprises here.
Now?
Huh? A tilde over the *s*?
Not really, they're just fighting for their own rights and equality. Most of them just dislike the gender influenced roles imposed and as such dislike the privileges too. The perfect scenario is when both genders are socially equal, they're just way behind. Don't generalize a whole movement because of the crazy ones...
The post got to the front page, can't discuss about things like feminism then.
Lol no, I guess you just haven't digged enough. The most disgusting things I've ever seen/read were all from there by a long shot. Even on average isn't worse, since western porn is usually about skunky/slutty women rather than straight up rape, slavery and what not. Little teases are what happens in actual anime, hentai can (and do) go way beyond.
I was agreeing with you '-'. I was saying that only people who read the webcomic saw her other side, but people who only watch the anime or read the manga only saw her as an annoying brat.
I still disagree, though. He wants this sub to be a safe space for Hearthstone and think mods should enforce that, but why should they? The whole point of reddit is that it is a community driven site and discussion forum. It's not the mod's place to impose whatever they want, they listen to what people want in a dialogue and make the rules. I totally hate drama posts, but the mods are right on their actions. The subreddit is a self-driven community. Does he want a place free of these stuff? Great, there are other forums over the internet where they can enforce whatever they want. Here's not the place, calling the mods "pussies" because they're following the community in a community driven site is one of the most ridiculous things I've ever seen him saying.
I prefer the TempoStorm way, much easier see it as a whole. Everytime I check out Hearthpwn I have to mentally put the cards together to picture the deck, and harder to memorize and compare too.
You're just not misinformed, her identity is just a fraction of the drama around her. There was actual *scamming people money*, fans and fellow streamers alike, involved.
I love you for this post.
Sarada was the best female character the series has ever had in that short manga centered on her. The Boruto movie got my hopes down, though.
In the kitchen as all kunoichi.
Meh our factories are terrible, we just have *so many* kids wanting to become professionals that some are bound to have success. There's close to 0 work on developing their talents, if a player underperform slightly you just drop him for the next in line. São Paulo and Santos are the two biggest academies in Brazil (as in, the only two with some reasonable amount of investment) and it's all the same. The one thing we have going for us in that aspect is the sheer amount of kids dreaming of becoming players.
Me neither, but he's not Brazilian so I'm pretty happy.
LoE felt too soon to me, it was barely able to get hype to me or get that sweet excitement of seeing cards being revealed. They benefited from being a great expansion but I didn't like the announcement in particular. I think BRM was the best, they announced it a month earlier and would reveal a wing every week until release. I do think they need at least two weeks to create proper excitement.
I think they mentioned working on deckslots since the beginning of 2015, before BRM...
Looking forward for the Boros arc OST, all of them.
I didn't think the first guy was asshole at all.
Man I need to play this game. I love rpgs and I feel I'm missing out, even though I know next to nothing about it.
Actually Black Knight was played in GvG days. There was a time everyone and their dog were running Sludge Belcher and many people started throwing him in their decks.
Nothing changed. Tatsumaki didn't change her view and neither did Fubuki. There'll be a time where they'll have to face this head-on *again*. Why do they have to get stronger and *fight* later? Why not understand each other right now and solve their differences? Did they really need to go to "the stronger one wins the argument" route? I think by any interpretation of character development nothing changed. Tatsumaki flew off because she was hurt and couldn't do anything, Fubuki still wants to beat her sister for whatever reason. If anything, Fubuki is now determined to use her Blizzard group to beat her sister, but that was already her plan before this. Hopefully it won't be as simple as this when the full translation comes out. Edit: With the 4chan translation, it seems to me that Saitama went after Tatsumaki after she flew away. So I think there's some hope there that we'll see how all of this affected her, that's not as frustrating as if she just left and everybody else moved on.
I meant the "conclusion" to the sisters' confrontation. And didn't Saitama beat all the rampaging monsters in the HQ?
That's called mixed people.
Man the Boros arc had amazing music.
Tatsumaki brought the whole Monster Association from underground, destroying the neighborhood in the process.
And then I woke up.
But this is a post just for those who have read the webcomic.
Hahaha at least you can say you had an unique marriage cerimony, unlike those normies being awake and standing and hit.
Or the gif attracts harpists and fans.
Holy shit he looks like my grandpa. The tong and smile and everything.
Holy shit Murata's character design is fucking incredible, he never stops impressing me. Those are probably new monsters we didn't get in the webcomic, I'm excited for that!
I don't remember Pureblood Vampire :p
[Spoiler](/s "Garou did, and even then he was a lot weaker than Saitama. There must be something more to it (Garou was following his true wish, for exemple), but he did to another Boros-like level of power suddenly. I don't think breaking your limit makes you go to an infinite level of power. Having all other characters getting this big power upgrade like Garou or beyond that is what I'm saying (with Blast already there).") [Spoiler](/s "And to be honest, having other characters reaching Saitama's level isn't a bad idea for a *finale*, imo.")
Because it was just posted?
Yeah the tournament really feels in the way of the things happening. I wonder why they even made it in the first place. Maybe as an excuse for Saitama not being around as shit happens?
Before and after, probably. Genos pra pretty shitty back then. That Kabuto they faced later was probably Demon, though.
I thought they would increase in power and a third one of Dragon level would go after Tatsumaki.
You could put together some pictures and the things you've figured out about his upgrades and make a self-post in the sub, I bet a lot of people would love it. I never even realised there were any visual changes along with the upgrades.
Thank you for doing this!
Are there places without closeted homosexuals?
Link is broken to me?
I don't think that happens to Hafu, though.
I don't really like the not using basic decks tip. If you're bad at deck building or have no idea how to, it's good to take a step back give a look at it and use it as base. It has good balance with things like mana curve and and monster/spell ratio.
It's easy when you have Hearthstone knowledge, everything translates well. But when first starting either of these games with no prior knowledge people don't have any idea about how to build them and make decks that tend to be too top heavy or have too many spells or too few big threats. If you're coming from Hearthstone then you absolutely could build one yourself right away.
And by that time he already had the post up and gathering karma.
I think he wants the most recent one. Romário is better but also from before Ronaldo (or any other arguable better striker than Suarez since) so he's instantly out.
Yes, ideally you want to Innervate it as soon as possible. It's a fun card that allows you to go full Timmy.
Yes, the first step is the minion being played, but he isn't summoned until the battlecry is resolved. It's like there's two phases of the summoning process, and the battlecry happens between them. Effects that require the summoned minion to be on the field won't occur until after the summon is fully resolved. Things are weird on these though, since card texts are not always consistent either. I'm on mobile so I can't check the "advanced rules" myself.
What are the new lore developments? All I know is that Gul'dan brought him back.
Illidan, The Loyal?
What are the classes that had the most neutral changes? Rogue? Warlock?
Not very surprising, Rogue and Warlock have their own kind of play while Priest needs to do something different if they hope to win, and Hunter fits both boxes. All other classes can be drafted and played in the normal Arena style.
Don't play with my feelings.
There were rule34 of them just a couple of hours after the reveal.
She's one of the few anime characters where the age shows (not physically, though).
Which one?
I will have to agree with him on that, then. But that's not the only crime of that anime for me, I really hate characters that make cat noises for absolutely no reason.
I can't understand what happened, specially the second part. What did he hit? Did he went through? I just saw him descending fast, the big crash sound and then nothing.
This was a parody episode? For what?
My body is not ready.
Can't wait for his reaction on Koharun.
That's one of the reasons I liked those =)
But isn't Big Order shit? People laugh at Mayoiga but I think it's pretty good.
&gt; Reiji and Masaki was actually in contact the whole time? I'm not sure that's true though. &gt;Village is changing shape? Where did you get that?
The show leaves a lot between the lines from the start, and I love stories that do that.
&gt; The swerves are bizarrely predictable, or mundanely unpredictable. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; I mean, he's alive? And she's the villain? Was that expected, or unexpected? Or both? My exact reaction to the last couple of episodes.
I mean, you're the one who had wrong expectations on the direction the show would go, that doesn't mean what they did is wrong.
Fuck... does anyone have a clue, then?
I always feel like cheating when I get more than one starter in the game, I can never do it in a first playthrough.
I thought you guys hated us, but just hated Argentina more.
CBF, brah. They don't give a shit.
&gt; once
I think it's interesting that I don't feel the OST of this show at all, even though everyone is praising it. And I really like the show, and I'm also a fan of some of Egoist's previous works. Does anyone else feel this way?
It always happens with every Brazilian coach. Even if the average quality is worse nowadays, we just have too many players around the world and lots will be around the level of those that were called. That isn't to say Dunga is pretty bad on top of that...
Katsuhira's was on point too, imo.
Both made me hurt.
Tenga punching him repeatedly for doing exactly what he said him to do, while *not doing that himself* (he went after Chidori and left Nico by herself, even when others told him to go after Nico) was a big dick move from Tenga imo. Chidori didn't understand Kacchon but at least she didn't act with borderline hypocrisy.
Where's the preview??
&gt; After thinking about it some more, "selfish" may not have been the most appropriate word to describe him. Hypocritical is.
Is Gary Stu a male Mary Sue?
He's comparing him to other Brazilians, so probably Ronaldo.
I see a pattern.
It'll take a good while before the second season, the manga isn't even halfway of the webcomic's second arc and the releases are pretty slow. I read the manga and the webcomic after finishing the anime, personally.
Wait, what? Canon? I thought the fillers were still going! I haven't checked the sub for a while, can someone kind point out when did the canon episodes restart?
I don't like Chinese food. Does that mean I'm dead?!
&gt;from this episode exactly and it ended on this too. Wait, they're going back to fillers again? Doing a single canon episode every so often sounds like a terrible strategy to me. Are they going back to another LN? I watched the first episode of Itachi Shinden but it wasn't appealing to me. Does it get better?
So true.
Isn't the Taurus dude from Saint Seya Brazilian? Or is that just a myth?
This is much more funny than most of the /r/adviceanimals and /r/funny stuff I usually see for me. Humor is subjective, this is clever.
I mean it's a short show. It would be hard for *any* anime ever to beat that.
Thankfully I didn't follow reddit's discussions on Erased and loved it from start to finish. I rated it 10/10 and it's one of the best animes I've ever watched. The two last episodes weren't as great as the rest but I don't see how it can possibly hurt its image so much over here, it's easily an AOTY contender and one hard to beat.
She's certainly not useless. In fact no one in the cast is. But I can see where you're coming from. Every Kiznaiver thread is a huge Nico worship fest for no reason other than reaction faces. She's a good character (like all others) but man, this community certainly has a boner for that kind of character. What hurts her for me is the feeling that she was built to catter on the otaku public rather than trying to be a good, relatable character on her own, and I always dislike characters like that. Even if she often *is* a good character on her own.
Luluco is *very* effective on what it's trying to do. It's great and i love it. That said, Kiznaiver is trying to do much more and imo is being very succesful at it, and under some great directing to top it off. I would give Kiznaiver the better position over here simply because of the higher standard of quality, even if Luluco is amazingly consistent and effective.
&gt; shaman puppies. FTFY
I know, 85% of your posts there are about hyping Honoka and de-hyping Nico and your colorful username makes it stand out xD
That's a yes though. Anderson Silva actually does resemble Anderson Silva.
The building is done years ago, it's just renovating for the Olympics.
PM?
I totally expected to dislike Levi going into the show, but I was pleasently surprised. He isn't a generic OP stoic character, he has a personality of it's own and emotions do hit him hard, even after he's been hardened after so long (which only makes these moments feel very powerful imo).
I love seeing foreigners with such a love for our football =)
You probably should spoiler tag that imo, there are people who haven't watched it and it's a fairly big name.
Man, that hurt. How did they even think that was passable? It's hard to think *no one* there had any grasp of English to know it wasn't good enough to be used in the show, specially when it's so amazing in the production aspect.
It's no news how self-centered they can be, there is only gain for them and the anime medium if they get more open minded on that and recognize the rest of the world as potential (and equal) consumers.
And I can't disagree. There'll always be good shows around but it's obvious the anime media tries appeal to this specific audience like nothing else I've ever seen. Waifu-baits, lolis, fanservice and many, many, many shallow trope characters that get greeted with open arms. The best shows are usually those that don't, or just keep it at a minimum...
Man this is a ton of content! And so many characters showing up too! Can't wait for the translation.
After the fourth I was shocked by every new page as I scrolled down.
Actually Ikoma and the rest will just make her stop her killing spree through power of friendship, she'll fall in a dramatic moment as she dies and *then* they'll bring the antidote. "Oh hey btw I found this white thing on the floor and I thought it was importart". She will not only survive but become a real child again who can eat rice!
Man I really hope they move in this direction. Horobi's part can be a bit far-fetched but Biba's is definitely possible (I loved the little sweat drop at the end) and it would redeem the character for a lot of people imo. He's just a weak asshole and the kind of coward he pretends he's ridding the world of.
One good thing about the clichés of the show is that they don't waste our time by stretching them. Biba was deemed a villain as soon as he showed up, and Mumei's unmoving trust from last episode didn't last long either. I like it, if you're going to for the predictable route at least don't waste time stretching the development of events we already know are coming.
The last objective is to make Mumei eat rice though.
Isn't it always?
My dog is like that too. Thank god he's a daschound so there's just so much he can reach. Still makes me scratch my head once in a while wondering how he achieved some things. Even as a 12 years old.
They see it, their point is that post about other stuff ("Blizzard allow me to spectate drafts plox!") vastly outnumbers the posts about the Ladder. It's known that it can be improved on, but there are more important stuff (maybe not for you, but for most) lacking in other areas.
I think accepting the Nanaki is just *a* way to leave the village. "Oh I have issues, eh I can deal with them I guess". What Mitsumune did was conquer his fear, he made his Nanaki weaker and weaker by accepting his own individuality. This is probably the intended and best scenario for the people that find themselves in that village.
I really like this show, I'm not scared of admitting it in a non-sarcastic way. I rate it above a ton of good shows. It's been very enjoyable from the start and it seems to be closing up nicely, even if characters development was very unequal. I like how Hayato's character is going too, and I have no clue what Koharun is on about.
They were friends before the start of the series weren't they?
I think the HA keeping an eye on Tatsumaki and Bofoi is a really big deal too, I have no idea what will come up from that.
He sure took his time.
I don't think Flash was being delusional, he seems to know exactly how superior to him Saitama is. I think he genuinely wants to polish Saitama's fighting style. And through that we can get some backstory from him and Sonic?
That sounds like a hero...
I think she'll get some heavy pressure all around and be put on the spot. After all the stuff with her sister and Saitama (and reminiscing about Blast), I think she'll check herself and get some character development.
That's not "good faith", it's how a normal company works.
I will be putting up Christmas decorations in my house by then.
I have nothing to back me up, but iirc it was always a swastika in ONE's webcomic. It was Murata who changed the design to an atom, possibly for the western audience. I certainly remember reading something like that about his sword design. And sorry about the downvotes, it's kind of a instantaneous reaction by people who are assuming you're making the old Nazi association.
Does he have other recognizable works?
The image says "Page not found" for me '-'
Too logical. If blaming the ref and saying everything is fine will get CBF to don't move a finger, they'll go through it.
And then we would keep seeing Elias at the NT =T
Mano*
I 100% agree with you. The entire team is horrible but the squad isn't nearly that bad.
If we divide football leagues around the world by tiers, with Tier A being Spanish, English, German and Italian leagues, I would rate it Tier B alongside the French, Portuguese, Argentine and Dutch leagues. It's harder to rank among these because it's all subjective, but I think the tiers are fair. But the quality in our league it's certainly much more evenly distributed than any other relevant one.
We can see coxinhas and petralhas hugging each other and crying as Dunga walks out. Now if only we could get a few oustings going on CBF...
We are already glad lol.
That's a good point, we need to wait see how things are going to develop after this HA crisis arc.
Rothfuss also has a history of missing deadlines, WMF was delayed tons of times so he decided to not mention dates for DoS unless it's final.
This one is easy, this guy's channel has some much worse ones, like the moon if it was close or Jupiter at the same distance as the moon.
The Vsauce video has another channel as a source for this. The guy explains there how he does this kind of thing. He has similar videos, like a giant banana orbiting the Earth.
&gt; habaneros
It's definitely a good series in my book, just not a great one.
They might be messing with you, literally no one here says Brazil with a soft s. Just Spanish speakers do.
Brazil dealt with it particularly well, the recession lasted like 2~3 months.
It is weak because they play badly, the players are still world class. We've had worse teams that played much better.
*Well met.*
I wonder how many people have him tagged (myself included).
Not to mention the lack of logic in her behavior. All other characters have shown uncertainty and distrust over Subaru and his actions while she's been completely understanding, forgiving and caring from the start to a guy she just met. That just makes her seem like a boring waifu bait, even with her possibly interesting backstory in mind...
Yup that sounds pretty legit. Getting to know more about one of the candidates at each try too.
Everything fits perfectly to be honest, it's amazingly well directed.
That girl is probably going to be pivotal for the last episode and the final resolution, I wonder why there aren't many people talking about that.
There were 19, so even more than that.
Someone needs to watch the movie.
Arguable. Injured Kvaldir sees more play in Camel Hunter.
Their competitors do the same.
It's never fair :/
Funny, most of the blame on Brazil's loss to Germany on this sub was given to Scolari.
Didn't feel it was edgy, just super cheesy. Oh and yeah, awesome.
And you can see just how much love they put in this. I love the main group of characters, the trains are awesome, the steampunk vibes are awesome, the attires and cities are awesome, iron zombies are awesome. Did you guys notice just how fucking cool that city is?? Too bad I had to pause the episode to admire it since it was shown for just a short moment. I agree that the writing (which didn't commit any crimes, let's be fair) is not the best on the second half, but the focus of the show is on something else. You can see the love thrown into the design of the series and the series absolutely delivers, I think it's sad not enough people give them credit for that.
This wasn't the backlash at all. If anything Scolari made Brazil much more offensive than the coaches before him since 2006, and people really liked his Confederations Cup run (good run followed by 3-0 against Spain after all). The backlash was that he made Brazil look frail as fuck on the WC and that the 7-1 was a result of tactical huge mistakes that were followed by huge emotional breakdown of the team (also partially his fault, the kind of speeches he would give beforehand just fueled the eventual breakdown).
Not being a meme = irrelevant now? Just let it stay a relevant folk song as it always was. It's always been a popular song, but the meme is being lazily overused for a long time now just like the Queens song before it.
Shit's serious when this comes out of an Argentinian.
No mention for "the micro Blackhole and Blackhole will you-know-what each other and vanish from this universe"?
Or Cowboy Bebop.
She saying she couldn't take Tenga off her head felt really forced.
*Easily* anime of the season for me. Best characters, animation, delivery and directing by far from start to finish. Consistent all the way through and delivered some of the most powerful episodes I've seen. Re:Zero my ass, Trigger put the whole season on the pocket with Kiznaiver and Luluco, solid 9/10 for me. It speaks for itself when a series' only crime is being too short.
Downvoted for asking an honest question. It's not even like you were claiming to be correct while being factually wrong, you just didn't know and were asking for correction...
Kiznaiver and Luluco are my picks.
With that in mind, what kind of awesome thing no one would believe if it happened in Gen VII? ^(Besides a Dark Gym.)
Jesus I need to frequent this sub more after stuff like this instead of being generally hyped on my own. I missed all of this.
I *really* want a Dachshunt :(
