This fact cannot be stressed enough
No duh. It still wasn't opened by a golf ball tho
Andrew Wiggins fucking sucks. I can’t trade him, and I can’t bring myself to drop him
/sad trombone fart
2-4-1 isn’t as much of a thing in Points from what I can tell. Wiggins accrues fewer points than most waiver fodder currently
ZBo is currently still a better basketball player than any of the youth behind him. Joerger loves ZBo. Eventually he’ll likely get rested in favor of giving the young bigs minutes, but he’s going to help more than not for the majority of the season
And Ted Thompson is stepping down. The football gods are doing good work!
Yeah, he almost outscored my entire team tonight. Woof
He almost outscored my entire team
Any update on Draymond?
Everyone’s coming in here to talk about Gerald when the superior Green (Draymond) lit it up tonight
I really don’t care for the Titans, but I’ve rooted for the Packers for longer than they’ve been local
Holding in 10 man without IR. Would've looked to trade if I weren't undefeated
Same. Feels bad man
Sleeping so hard they call me Rip Van Winkle
Without treat reinforcement/training, my Boykin Spaniel would find family members by name. We’d say “Go find X,” and she’d first go check their respective bedroom and then search the rest of the house. She knew us by name. It was the damndest thing
Boogie plays every game and is incredible
Why would you ever try to throw hands with James Johnson? He's a legitimate Chuck Norris-esque badass
Harris has been great. Such a high floor, which is what you need to mix in with some volatile guys, even though he can explode himself. He won't hurt you. Though, I feel like I can't really decide who I'd like best between Harris, Barton, and JRich. They all kinda function the same way for fantasy purposes, but I'm not sure who the best own of the three would be
Memphian here. This story is disgusting and just a mess. Even if everything had somehow been consensual, it’s still a man in his 20s having relations with a minor after being tasked with guiding said minor through faith. It’s a stain on Memphis and the Christian faith as a whole. It’s a stain on humanity
Now to debate grabbing Sabonis by dropping Collins or Jaylen Brown. I feel like Collins probably will break out. He’s been very good even in small minutes. Brown frustrates the hell out of me
In a Points league, DLo just got dropped by the Turner owner to grab Sabonis because of no IL. Should I drop Jaylen Brown, Gary Harris, or John Collins for DLo? I have Bron, Boogie, Draymond, Simmons, The Lord, Donovan, Dunn, Ingram, Wiggins, and Conley. Part of me is thinking Brown, but I also think he could be awesome, but I think DLo must be grabbed
JRich
DSJ probably? Bradley has been very bad in Points
DLo for Points, but LaVine can be more helpful for a lot of builds I'd imagine
Dunn, Collins, Mitchell, and Draymond all went sub-15 for me tonight. Three of them were waiver pickups, and Draymond has been awesome though, so it's no biggie
Trades are borderline impossible in this league. I’d be making the drop for DLo because the DLo owner ran out of healthy bodies and is fighting for a playoff spot, but couldn’t work out a trade in time to be able to win this week. I figure I’d rather have DLo than either of them, but I can probably afford to drop Collins now and swap him for Brown once Collins starts seeing more minutes. Brown has been very meh to bad in Points for over a month, but he can play SG, SF, and PF, he sees a ton of minutes, and he plays for one of the league’s best teams, so you’d think opportunity would arise
I'm not sure how much value Chriss is going to have as long as the hip is an issue
Barton for Beas methinks
I'd drop Fox yeah
Drop Jaylen Brown or Collins for DLo? Points league without IL where trading more or less doesn't happen. DLo just got dropped by an owner who ran out of healthy bodies this week and is fighting for a playoff spot. My team is pretty stacked otherwise. LeBron, Boogie, Draymond, Simmons, The Lord, Mitchell, Dunn, Wiggins, Harris, Ingram, and Conley, in addition to Collins and Brown. I'm in first place currently with the playoffs as a near lock, and Brown did have a good game in London, so I'm leaning Collins for now, just to get DLo on my roster
I agree. Pick up Lauri out of that list
If the Grizz can trade Tyreke, I think that's a sign Conley probably will come back. If they can't, it's because they couldn't get a solid return or because they're going to shut Conley down and need Reke in order to get fans to attend the tank
He shall rise again. Fear not
I don't disagree, but I definitely figured Waiters would hurt his value a bit if he came back. Now he should be a lock to keep playing big minutes
1. Do I think Memphis will trade him or at least try? Absolutely. They want a first rounder for him. 2. Do I think he’ll get shut down if he’s not traded? Only if Conley comes back strong. They’ll end up resting Gasol, Conley, Parsons, and Evans in some combination as they tank it on down 3. Do I think they’ll play him to he pukes to show they want to win? Memphis doesn’t have a loser mentality about it yet. This season breaks one of the longest playoff streaks in the NBA should the Grizz miss. They plan on trying to build a winning roster around Conley and Gasol, and they plan on showing off what Reke can do in the meantime. If Conley gets shut down, Reke will feast in loserball as he has most of the season. If Conley comes back, they’ll probably try to run some sort of successful offense with both Conley and Tyreke in an attempt to get Tyreke to sign another deal in Memphis. This season has been painful as a devout member of Grizzlam, but Evans is pretty much the only bright spot so far
If [as] wants to go to a hard TV-MA (i.e., say fuck, cunt, and cocksucker), BoJack would be an ideal syndicated show to help launch Adulter Swim. Still, its best syndicated home will depend on its editing
I completely disagree with the idea that he’s just not that good this year. He was playing incredibly before he hurt his back, and his performance now isn’t merely a regression to the mean. He’s in a slump because he’s playing well below what had already been established as average for him this season
This...is not ideal
Pretty much everyone behind Tyreke is trash. Maybe give some run to Selden and Brooks, who both *might* be basketball players, but Ben McLemore is terrible, Andrew Harrison is terrible, and the rest of the roster is made up of Conley, Gasol, and misfit veterans who play below average ball. I don't see the Grizzlies outright benching Evans for Brooks and Selden though
It's exactly this
What's a king to a god? What's a god to a non-believer? Who don't believe in anything?
Either or both Dedmon and Collins in Atlanta could make serious noise in the second half
The only issue is that he’s on a one year deal
My top three picks, LeBron, Boogie, and Draymond, plus Donovan Mitchell gave me a good evening. 3 30+ games and another 26 from DMitch! Andrew Wiggins on the other hand...
Then I went Conley, Wiggins, at 4 and 5, so that’s rough haha. Got Simmons though
R/usernamechecksout
Soon. Sooooooooon
Par for the course
I’ve made good and bad drops, though I’m undefeated in Points (about to go in 2nd in total points, but I beat the guy who’s overtaking me), but I can’t top OPs two men remaining, and everything around there is a product of incredible management and/or bad drafts.
Grabbed Dunn weeks ago as an end of bench not expecting him to explode guy. He exploded. Have been holding until other guards/PGs get healthy, but they’re about to be healthy and I can’t drop Dunn. It’s in Points, so hold whomever, but I was expecting him to help me weather the storm until DLo and Conley come back, and now he’s a ROS guy
I’m undefeated with Draymond and Boogie as my only traditional bigs/guys with C eligibility. I’ve got a lot of players who have PF eligibility, but definitely aren’t PFs (Simmons, Ingram, Lord Roco, Jaylen Brown, etc.), which is how I think I’ve gotten bye. It’s way easier to mitigate a heavy backcourt and weak frontcourt in Points though I think, but, even then, an average big should outperform an average player at the 1-3 in Points, so you’d need a killer guard/SF lineup to stay successful
Why would McDaniels leave New England to join a franchise that fired a coach after getting them their first playoff win in 14 seasons, since Steve McNair’s MVP year? Not to mention that was Tennessee’s first playoff appearance in nine seasons. The Titans never should’ve hired Mularkey, but to fire him after ostensibly doing his job isn’t a great look. While a lot of it is playcalling, Mariota was downright terrible this year. He regressed miserably. He had accuracy issues, he finished with two more INTs than TDs as he only had 13 passing TDs, and he never once threw for 3+ TDs or 307+ yards (he got to 306 twice, his only times to break 275 in the regular or postseason). His YPA also dropped a whole half a yard even while throwing the most picks of his career. He finished with an 88 passer rating... He sucked. Maybe the Titans tried to get Mularkey to fire Terry Robiskie (OC) and/or Jason Michael (QBs), but Mularkey drew a line in the sand or something. Still, I’m not sure why a hot coaching candidate would want to join a franchise who just fired a guy after getting them their first playoff victory since W.’s first term in the White House ETA: It looks like McDaniels won’t be leaving New England for Nashville anyway, as reports indicate him going to Indy. Who do the Titans hire?
I’d be interested to see how long the line is to work for an employer who fired the guy who gave them their first taste of postseason success since Air McNair’s MVP season, which was during W.’s first term. I can understand restructuring the offense and getting better coaches behind Mariota, but I’m not sure it’s a great look. Plus, [Mariota was downright putrid this season](https://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/M/MariMa01/gamelog/2017/) Tennessee’s three biggest programs/franchises have had quite a bit of turmoil from a coaching/front office standpoint. The Vols, Titans, and Grizzlies all have raised eyebrows
I watched multiple. Mariota couldn’t throw a deep ball this season to save his life. Occasionally players themselves are as responsible for their poor play as the mediocre coaches behind them
Things really started going south with his back issue. I don’t think I can trade him, so at this point I’m holding to see if he gets back into form
Damn, I’m happy the Packers spent 3 picks on RB last draft. Certainly couldn’t have gotten better value, or maybe even one guy who can just stay healthy, in this year’s class
Trade and roster moves. I don’t know who’s drafting at this point other than DFS stuff
The Packers do have needs basically everywhere, including QB (gotta get a better backup). I think Williams and Jones were both serviceable to good, but both missed games due to injury, and we took 3 RBs from a shallower RB class when defense was the clearest priority. I’m happy for the front office shakeup
The Titans are undoubtedly a better team right now, but if Andrew Luck is healthy, he’s the best offensive player in the AFC South by a pretty wide margin. The Colts have a bottom offensive line and defense, a potentially elite QB, and solid offensive playmakers. The Titans have a solid OL, a promising young QB, a middle tier defense, and some questions about where its offensive ceiling is. I feel like someone like Arians would be a great hire in Nashville ETA: Rapoport is reporting McDaniels is expected to go to Indy
Mariota missed plenty of wide open passes this season. His touch just wasn’t there. He’d over or underthrow so, so many open looks. If the WR was wide open, and it was the read Mariota made, how is it purely on Mularkey’s coaching and playcalling? I’m not saying Mularkey was great, but Mariota’s prior success was also under Mularkey, and to blame everything on Mularkey is to ignore the fact that Mariota was downright bad at times. By every conceivable metric, he was a below average QB at best in 2017, not all of which can be blamed on Mularkey and Robiski. They’re not the ones throwing the ball at the end of the day. Not to mention, with Shurmur, Patricia, and McDaniels now all seemingly off the table, who do the Titans get who can get Mariota on the right path?
Michael Conley, Junior
He’s been serviceable, but nothing special since Turner suffered his most recent injury. Sabonis was a lot better earlier in the year when Turner was out with the concussion, but you could stream worse ETA: Mercy, it must be build dependent. He was awesome when I had him before Turner was out in October, and then while Turner was out in October, and then he faded hard once Turner came back. I dropped him after it became clear that the whole him and Turner coexisting thing was pure coachspeak, and he hasn’t reached the peaks he did when Turner was initially out at the beginning of the season. He’ll help in certain builds as a Turner contingency plan/handcuff/backup, but he was better in the fall when thrust into the same situation. Granted, the Pacers as a whole were a bit brighter. The likes of Thad Young and Sabonis were still quality depth. They’re both now streamers
Not everyone necessarily plays ROTO/CAT, but I agree his defensive stats and assists would be the best part about owning him if you have him there. He shot 27% and didn't get to the line, which seems to suggest he didn't drive to the basket much. Dunn was also scoring 15+ pretty frequently, so if his scoring is going to dip substantially, it's going to affect his value in various formats
Poor dude
My Tennessee license similarly reflects my increasing lack of enthusiasm from 21 to 25. Maybe it’s the picture booths? Maybe it’s the suffocating encroachment of existential dread?
I mean, if you’re in Points or punting TOs, you still probably underpaid if you got Boogie in the second round
Joerger is dying inside, trust me, but this is great news for Fox, WCS, Skal, Buddy Hield, etc.
Psh, they haven’t had a smoking section in the DMV since at least 2007, once they opened the daycares
The Conjuring: Hank Hill Director’s Cut
r/unexpected
The fact that he went full blown Meet Me in Temecula was not his best look, especially against Lowry who would throw hands. Simmons is still ahead of DMitch on my ILU rookie board though
Except in Points DMitch is still a golden child while I’m screaming at Benjamin not to get ejected and fuck up my stack with RoCo. Simmons is better, but DMitch has certainly been helping me more lately
From a fantasy standpoint, both Brees and Mariota were busts this past season, yet Brees at least had the decency to finish in the top 10. Mariota finished fantasy as QB18, as a low-end QB2, but clearly it’s all Mike Mularkey’s fault because Mularkey made him throw 15 picks and only allowed him to throw for 13 TDs. I like Mariota, but he simply had a terrible year. I truly don’t understand the crusade to defend what was statistically one of the worst seasons by any quarterback who started five games or more, by most qualified starters, in 2017. Yes, the game plan around him was often bad, but Mularkey, Robiski, and company weren’t the ones throwing the ball. Mariota was very inaccurate and was the QB helming one of the league’s worst passing attacks. Joe Flacco, who quarterbacked the worst offense in the league, still threw for more TDs and fewer picks than Mariota, but you don’t see people crying out that the bad offense had nothing to do with his level of play. How is Mularkey or Robiski responsible for every drive that died with a Mariota turnover? Or how were they wholly responsible when Mariota made the proper read, but simply could not get the ball to a wide open man? You can like Mariota and still think his level of play in 2017 didn’t help elevate the Titans above Mularkeyball. Despite missing 9.7 games, even Aaron Rodgers still passed for more TDs than Mariota, and Mike McCarthy gets bemoaned for his playcalling by damn near every Packer fan. People don’t blame Mike McCarthy for Rodgers’ broken collarbone either, but I guess Mariota played like ass purely because of the mediocracy around him
He’s a hot and cold player pretty much regardless of minutes
I keep waffling between him and Jaylen Brown as my end of bench in 10 team Points. Collins is a better asset long term if he could at least start seeing around 25 a game. Bud’s reputation about how he uses rookies combined with the fact that the Hawks are tanking makes me wary over whether he’ll get the minutes to break out officially even after the ASB
Oh for sure. If Ilyasova goes anywhere, Collins should feast. I agree that he’ll be a better sophomore prospect than rookie though
Austin Rivers is reaching for peak Coach’s Kid. Can’t stand him, the Clippers, or Chris Paul for that matter
This might be too cruel even for the Browns. I wouldn’t wish the human colostomy bag that is Ben McAdoo on anyone
I heard this guy bragging about his way with women. “I moved on her like a bitch. But I couldn’t get there. And she was married. Then all of a sudden I see her, she’s now got the big phony tits and everything. She’s totally changed her look. ... I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. ... Grab ’em by the pussy. You can do anything.”
Why do Ingram, Draymond, and DLo want to make sure my opponent plays a bazillion more games than me this week?
Me too. At least he typically plays
He's got 6 TOs and counting. The double double is nice, but it's not one of his more appreciable performances haha. I appreciate that I have him on my team though
Depends on the team. I have Lord RoCo and Simmons, and it was very, very nice earlier in the year, but both have slowed down pretty significantly, so it's not as good as I'd like. It'd definitely be stupid to have 5 players though, and I wouldn't trade for Wiggins in Points ever. He's a cancer in my lineup, but no one is dumb enough to take him off my hands, and I don't wanna rage drop my 4th pick, but I'm getting close, so very close
When can I start to seriously consider dropping Andrew Wiggins? No one wants to trade for him. He and Jaylen Brown just bum me out every time I open my app
Collins has the most upside, Bazemore's been the most consistent, Prince has been the one you don't want out of the three
Reddick shouldn't be rostered in 8 man. He'd be the safer drop, especially considering he has a crack in his leg and will be missing time
Andrew Wiggins is so fucking bad a lot of the time. Can’t figure out what to do with him or Jaylen Brown honestly
Gary Harris needs a nickname
Butts with stars!
r/shitty_car_mods
Tears in the Rain...he’s dead
I'm still completely fine with us cutting Wade. I hate his attitude and haven't been a fan dating back to his Vandy days
Grizz Twitter is great
[The Grizz rn](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/JampackedUnimportantHoki-max-1mb.gif). They're finally embracing the tank! After winning the MLK game. Can't say I hate necessarily hate it as it's a race to the bottom, but I wish the Grizz wouldn't necessarily rest their stars at home. Of course, Marc and Brandan could actually be sick, but Marc will probably start having an "illness" a lot more often.
Martin absolutely should not play the 5
This game is such a weird mixture of young players making the most of their opportunity and the Knicks out-tanking us
Nah. They’re just the Knicks. They have 2 2nd round picks this draft, but are still projected to miss the playoffs. Currently in 10th in the East. It’s funny to me this Grizz team, especially tonight’s lineup, is giving them fits so far
Boogie with yet another DD despite another game with 5+ TOs. Was hoping for a monster performance after the way he started the game, but I'll settle for yet another very good performance - 19 points, 14 rebs, 7 assists, 2 blocks, and a steal with only 5 TOs!
What'd CLee say? Can't believe the Knicks didn't show up at all against our scrappy squad of UDFAs, second rounders, and Tyreke Evans
He drives me insane. One of the most frustrating players on my team, but I like him more than Wiggins and Jaylen Brown, who also frustrate me right now. Why didn’t he close out the game tonight? I noticed he wasn’t really in in the 4th
There needs to be serious Mitchell RoY talk. Simmons has been fantastic, but so has Donovan. They both play well on both ends of the court, but wow, what a night from DMitch. Very exciting prospects, and I have both this year haha. Mitchell was straight electric tonight Mitchell - 34 Pts (14-19, 1-4 3P, 5-7 FT), 1 reb, 3 assists, 3 steals. He had 3 TOs, but it's easily excusable
I felt like a thief when I grabbed him off waivers haha. So happy I did though!
His steady acclimation/late start is why I got him. He got dropped before he started rounding into form. I dropped Barton from him (didn't want two guys who occupy somewhat similar roles on the same team on my team considering it was end of bench), and I've been very pleased, even as Barton has outplayed Gary on multiple nights. I still feel Harris is the better hold ETA: To be fair, I noobishly dropped LouWill before all the injuries and him playing like Denzel trying to track down Dakota Fanning's kidnappers
Deyonta Davis Dwayne Dedmon Pretty much any big whose initials could also mean double double
A healthy Conley is a top 40 player pretty easily
Why is it buried in Early Life &amp; Education and not part of his tenure at NBC?
r/watchpeopledieinsidecats
Great. Now I’m dead inside from learning this is a thing
Bog, especially since Conley and Fox play the same position and his floor is seemingly much higher than De’Aaron’s right now. Conley’s not in like a walking boot or on crutches or even coming off or surgery or anything. His Achilles simply doesn’t feel right, and the team is being very, very careful with its most expensive player. He fully participated in the team’s off the court MLK Game stuff, which is a big deal in Memphis
This is the best news I’ve gotten this week. Between Draymond’s fake injury, Brandon Ingram and Dunn’s real injuries, and not having the waiver priority to grab Collins after he was dropped, things were getting dark. Now if only Conley would come back...
Dunn, Draymond, Ingram, Conley, and DLo. So many missed starts this week. Hopefully he recovers quickly. Losing teeth is shitty by itself, but a bonk to the brain on top of it just sucks
This is great news for Simmons and RoCo owners too. That offense just functions so much better with Embiid (obviously), even if he might limit other Sixers’ opportunities
Holy shit. RoCo and Jaylen Brown...what’re y’all doing?
Boogie has been very consistent. As had LBJ until tonight
Andrew Wiggins didn't completely piss me off tonight, so that's an improvement. Now if only the rest of my team hadn't complete shit the bed tonight...
I’m pissed I dropped Collins over him when Collins had a few games under 15 minutes haha. He’s a solid real life player, but he’s not helping me at all these days
True, but is he even worth a dime on the dollar currently? If not, that’s pretty frustrating considering he gets 30+ minutes a night on the first place team in the East
Ingram is so mediocre without Lonzo even if he does play
I’m the person who does the Disappointment threads, and there have been like four Jazz games total since I started doing them where Rubio hasn’t been mentioned. Him, Myles Turner, and me bitching about Andrew Wiggins is the backbone of that thread
It’s not the safe space we deserve, but it might be the one we need
DLo’s return has been less than stellar
DLo has been very bad/rusty tonight fwiw
I can’t believe I’m saying this, but the Grizz might be winning too many games
Yeah. It’s hopefully just rust
He’s far from a bum, but yeah him not playing since November because of Achilles soreness has sucked. He probably won’t be shut down, but best hope is that he’ll be back before the ASB. He’s doing drills and 3-on-3 last I heard, and I follow the team closely. There’s still no timetable
This is the second game in a row he's gotten quick steals to open the game, and someone shouted him out in this thread, and they were the last steals of the half for him haha
He’s not healthy, lest he’d be playing and the Grizz would be trying to make the playoffs while the West is kinda down (though the Grizz and Jazz having injuries to cornerstones is part of why that’s the case, even if they’d be fighting for a bottom seed, plus neither LA team is a contender these days), and there’s no certainty he’s going to be healthy again, but he’s not in so bad a place that the franchise has held him out of drills and light scrimmaging. Obviously he’d need to progress to 5-on-5, but if he’s not coming back, there’s not much reason to risk something so volatile as an Achilles in light workouts
In 10 team, I feel that. At the same time, on a superstitious level, it’s a good thing to have the one guy who can beat up everyone else in the league
DMitch had a rookie game tonight. So it goes
Am I the only one on this sub who's team #TankForTrae ?
We're going to mess around and potentially win this game. It's like Chris Wallace knows he'd fuck up if he had a high pick
I wouldn't be surprised if he misses at least a week
I haven't heard anything about him since he'd progressed to doing drills and 3-on-3. If his Achilles is really a ticking time bomb, I'd have to think not even Chris Wallace would be dumb enough to risk him popping it in a freaking 3-on-3 scrimmage, so hopefully he'll be back sooner or later
Dude can ball on occasion. He's been hurt most of the year, but he, Dillon Brooks, and Deyonta Davis make for the most exciting young crop of talent the Grizz have had probably since Lowry and Conley were the backcourt. Selden was wildly successful in LVSL this past summer, scoring basically at will, so he's intriguing to me as a fan of the Grizzlies if he can stay healthy and keep adjusting to big boy ball. He's only a second year player after all, but he actually was a starter against the Spurs in the playoffs last year. Obviously tonight was a career high, but it's no fluke that he can score, and he could see 25+ minutes as the Grizz begin to embrace the tank
It’s the Andrew Wiggins game!
LeBron James was my worst player tonight. I appreciate everyone. It's like Andrew Wiggins is a completely different player with Butler sidelined. Big games from Draymond, Boogie, and DMitch too. I desperately needed these performances too. Now I should remain undefeated! Also, I'm so appreciative of the fact that I can walk in the light of the Lord again! He and Simmons killed it!
I mean, I’ve regretted drafting Wiggins since October, so tonight was great for me
r/FloridaMan
DLo...has yet to make a basket from the field since returning a game and a half ago
Why would they trade him over Ilyasova, etc. when they just brought him in this offseason?
It’s like the NFL really didn’t want a Bortles vs either Keenum or Foles Super Bowl. The disparity between penalties called and what they were calling was a joke, though Jacksonville running a terrible offense for the entire second half didn’t help
He won’t be shut down. Small markets can’t afford to shut down a healthy All-Star. He might be selectively rested, but Memphis can’t do what the Suns did last season because they can’t afford the revenue hit
Very true, and I’m not going to slight someone who was putting forth time and effort to provide good information to internet strangers haha. It was a great post though, and fostered some of the best discussion
Jeremy Hill
If you’ve been able to drop and get him back a few times, it shouldn’t be too hard to do it again now that he’s going to miss a little bit of time. His rebounding and defense are why the Grizz gave him a contract though, so it should be there whenever he’s back healthy
He probably won't be shut down, but you're not going to be given any information, and he will be brought up slowly. I wouldn't drop because a team that can afford to roster him will, and when/if he comes back, he's probably going to be better than whatever streamer you got past the halfway point
Draymond Taj side by a landslide I'd think
Bradley should've been dropped eons ago in Points
Gasol and Rondo I'd think. There are a lot of mouths plus a new coach in Milwaukee. I guess it depends on how much of an upgrade Jrue would be over Rondo for you because Gasol should be solid most of the year, though expect him to have some rest games here or there as the Grizz fall out of the playoff picture
No clue, but Elmer Fudd from Space Jam is a better fantasy asset than Bradley right now
Impossible to tell. We’re still a few weeks away from the ASB, and best case is that he’ll be back before then
I'm completely biased as a Grizz fan and as a Conley owner and fan, but I think Conley is simply a better player than Millsap, especially at this point in their respective careers. Millsap's return is about when Conley's return could be - around the ASB at the soonest, so he'd be a guy who wouldn't play for you for more or less another month too
DMitch was just held scoreless for the entire first quarter on 0-2 shooting
Boogie holy shit. So happy I drafted him
Donovan, GHarris, and Simmons combined for 16 points in Points
Andrew Wiggins with a fairly efficient scoring half - 8/13 (2/3 3pt, 3/5 ft) for 21 + 2 rebs ETA: After 3, 15/23 (2/4 3pt, 4/7 ft) for 34 with 3 rebounds and a block Final: 16/28 (3/7 3pt, 5/8 ft) for 40**(!)** with 6 rebs, 1 ast, and 1 blk. Almost certainly his best game of the season, even if he took almost 30 shots
Definitely keeping an eye on him. Would be dropping Jaylen Brown I think, so not sure what to do yet
He's got games every other day this week too. @ Charlotte 1/24, vs. Rockets 1/26, vs Clippers 1/28. I wonder if he'll see any sort of dip in minutes at the Hornets?
Boogie was certainly haunting tonight
Hold unless you can get a clear upgrade
r/nononono
That's the Matrix for you
Black Mamba is the best
Yes. I own both
Skal and Dejounte both had great games tonight. Wondering who I should snag?
It's probably a bad idea. I've definitely got my eye on Dejounte and Skal rn though. My team is undefeated, but I've got multiple players slumping
Multiple All Star caliber guards are left out in the West every season. The West is absurdly stacked these days as it is
Bizarro league seems really fun. Jeff Green's gotta be the MVP
If Jaylen Brown has a bad game, I might drop him for Murray I think. I have a bajillion point guards, but it's Points
I could drop Conley or Dunn, but I don’t want to drop Conley. I’m loaded at PG with DMitch and DLo also
I have no idea what to do with Brandon Ingram and Jaylen Brown. Brown can have a solid game here and there, but he seems like he has a low ceiling and a middling floor. Ingram has had small injuries here and there, and has been pretty mediocre without Lonzo feeding him. Definitely considering dropping Brown for Skal or Dejounte
He needs Lonzo back
Yup, but it's not thought to be nearly as bad as earlier in the year. He's already been ruled out for tonight though
The Jimmy Buckets fan in me is sad, but the Andrew Wiggins owner in me is doing a Grinch smile
Do you think this could result in Butler playing less minutes once he returns, or will Thibs keep playing him until he can’t?
I dropped Jaylen Brown for him in Points. Seemingly similar floors, but Murray’s had a higher ceiling lately
I would try to trade Wiggins during this hot streak before I got rid of Donovan
Jamal might be someone to grab regardless
Wish I had him. Womp womp
Boogie, the Lord, but particularly BEN SIMMONS! 19/17/14 triple double! Last week, it looked like DMitch might make the RoY race interesting for the second half, and then Ben comes storming back with a signature performance
Depends on your needs and your offer. He and LaVine still haven't figured out how to coexist so to say, so there's still some unpredictability coming with his production
If he comes back next week it wouldn't have been a few weeks though
I think the front office told him he might be sick
Dropped him for Dejounte. Got so sick of single digit efforts. They have a similar floor, but Murray at least has the decency to hit at least 10 more often haha
I imagine Lou’s value would be at the highest while he’s a Swiss Army knife for the Clips’ offense
Andrew Wiggins is back to being my personal poster child for this thread. Woof
I hope so, though the Bulls aren’t exactly dying to win, and Grant’s filled in well enough. If nothing else, it seems like he’s coming back later rather than sooner
Maybe I should keep DLo on the bench for a bit...
He’s been bad, but you can’t fault him. His value is down the stretch
Boogie’s injury is about to end the funnest/most fun player ownership this season. I hate it
No new news. The Grizzlies aren’t expected to shut him down
Yes, but I don’t think he’s going to play every game
The Grizzlies have nothing to gain by releasing info. Ticket sales haven’t dipped hard enough to use Mike info as a selling point. There are rumors Mike wants to be back on the court though. Nothing solid, but there have been grumblings that he’d be back by now if he had it his way
Lost Boogie and Mike for the season in less than 15 hours. Cool. Cool cool cool
Same, but with my 2nd and 5th picks. Just a crapfest
With Conley done for the year, it'd be ridiculous (and, sadly, typical) of the front office not to ship Reke off while he still has some value to us
These injuries just guaranteed that I won't win the season barring catastrophic injury also hitting the only other elite team in the league, who was able to grab John Collins, because I was holding on to Conley (and I also dropped Collins over Jaylen Brown earlier in the year because I'm dumb and decided I didn't need much depth in my bigs because Boogie and Draymond is plenty). I'm about to find a late season league to hop into I think hahahaha
I don't see how this terrible injury to Boogie means anything other than AD playing until his wheels fall off while the Pelicans fall out of playoff contention
Dropped him weeks ago and no one scooped him up. He's getting outplayed by GHarris
I don't see what the point of making him to through 3-on-3s were. He could already be rehabbing by now
They're going to rest him selectively I'd imagine. They're not going to shut down a healthy Marc Gasol outright. They still need butts in seats even if they have no chance at winning. Plus the team needs more than one center...
They're not going to go into a full rebuild. A team built around Mike Conley and Marc Gasol can still be as successful as any other non-Warriors team for a few more years, and a Conley + Gasol + top 5 draft pick team would be even more successful in theory
The situation literally hasn't changed since early November. The team has been without Conley for over two months. There have been plenty of games without Conley for you to see who does and does not perform without him, and the answer is Tyreke Evans
He's actually a three-time All Star lololol. 2012, 2015, and literally just last year, 2017, but ok And I actually follow the team, so if it does happen where a healthy Marc Gasol misses multiple games in a row in the name of losing, color me shocked.
The team has done a pretty good job of being terrible even with Gasol playing (though they do try harder at home it seems, which I appreciate as a fan), so I'm not sure why everyone just assumes that the front office is going to demand that their temperamental max-contract All Star center start missing multiple games in a row in the name of losing, which they've done a fine job of even with Gasol since Conley initially went down over two months ago. I don't see Gasol missing games at a much higher clip than he's currently missing them. I'd be surprised if it ever gets to a point where he's playing less than 75% of the games if he's healthy because any team with Mario Chalmers seeing big minutes at PG is going to be good at tanking regardless
Np
r/gorillaz
I'd much rather have Trae than Luka
There is. Mike doing whatever the fuck he wants is probably what's best for the tank
Fantasy production has nothing to do with whether a player is an All Star. I didn't say he was a fantasy All Star this season. I said he's an All Star, which he very clearly is by merit of the fact he's been one three different times. Aren't you the guy who hates John Collins?
I’ve had plenty of injuries, and I’ve dropped plenty of guys along the way because of injuries, but losing Boogie, my favorite player to own this year, and Conley, the best player on my favorite team, back to back sucked all the fun off that team. Boogie’s probably been the most fun player to own this season too, not to mention you simply can’t replace that production, especially in Points. The whole point of fantasy sports ultimately is to have fun and win
You’re the guy who will eat my ass? And isn’t salad tossing best done with jelly or syrup (I prefer syrup)?
Lol so now you’re going through all my comments and posts? Paaaahhhhhthetic. You can join the league though if you’d like
Wrong sub you sad little guy
You don’t have to play in the league if you don’t want dude. Just wanted to see if any other managers are sick of their current league(s) and wanted to do something new
I got DLo anyway, which hasn’t been working out much haha
r/iamverybadass
I wonder how long it'll be before DLo plays B2Bs. I doubt I'll ever have my team at 100% haha
It's been beyond rough, but he's supposed to help you later in the season, not right now
Touché. Forgot they didn’t. I knew that’s why the Nets won’t tank though
Sabonis performed even though Turner was back (albeit coming off the bench)
Why is Gary so damn nice?
I’m definitely keeping an eye on him. If he keeps the rebounds up, he’ll almost certainly have value
They’re the “city” edition. They were our MLK jerseys inspired by the “I AM A MAN” signs
Woof. Hopefully I didn’t steer you too wrong! I’m still very confused as a fan as to why they waited this long if they were gonna shut him down. He could be rehabbing and whatnot by now
Sometimes from people around the team, but other times from deep, deep up his own ass
Bradley has been terrible this year. I’d drop
Maybe Millsap, but I’d hold
You could always just get rid of Bradley and free up a spot, plus you’re not holding Boogie unless it’s dynasty. In a keeper league, he’s gotta be a hard stay away since there’s no guarantee he’ll play again in 2018, right? But yeah, I was excited about my ROS prospects until Saturday morning. Lost Boogie and Conley, plus Dunn missed the week and doesn’t have a timetable and DLo has been terrible. I’m undefeated, but injuries have caused it to where another team is clearly better than the rest of the league, and it’s no longer my team, so I’m pissed
Brandon Ingram's inefficient/bad shooting nights (he wasn't even hitting his FTs tonight) are pretty ugly, but he still had a better game than the Lord, who is still in the midst of returning from the dead hopefully
He and Bogdan Bogdan really burned all the people who thought it'd be a good idea to pick up a wang from the Kangz. Ugly, ugly games for both of them haha
When a guy is injured without a clear expectation of when he's gonna be back, I usually keep him on my watch list and check Twitter to see if any new news has come up. It's worked out well so far
Maybe trade him or bench him, but he’s clearly not back to being himself yet. He’s LeBron’s point guard and was one of the best scorers in the league last season. There’s a lot of value on paper assuming he can get right
Probably
He got me **30** points today! I didn’t think a quality starter on an elite irl team would emerge this late in the fantasy season
Ron Tillery is an idiot, but Tyreke almost certainly has to be traded. I hope it’s not to Boston though. Ainge fleeces the fuck out of the Grizz GM (Chris Wallace...please fire Chris Wallace)
As far as his FG% is concerned, he's about as likely to hit above 50% than below 40%, and he had two games of 100% in January (granted, one of them was on one shot). The rebs should be there most nights, and he should be assisting frequently in the Spurs offense. On nights where he's getting defensive stocks or shooting super efficiently, he's going to be a great asset I think
Link it to your OP
I’m trying to swap one disappointing player for another and work out a package where I give my Wiggins for his Turner, but it’s hard to negotiate when the base pieces of the trade equate to swapping smelly trash for dirty trash
I would look to maybe trade Barton away. Three Nugs, in this case, is too many
I’d look to trade either Harris or Barton since they occupy a lot of the same space on the same team, but I like to diversify unless it’s two players who feed off each other on the same team. Feel free to stay put if it’s been working out for you haha
Depends on needs, but JRich has had more mediocre games than good games lately
Tell the commissioner to go fuck himself and to give you your $$$ back
I wouldn’t go DLo, who received a total of 7 points in my Points league last week. I’d go Brown, then KCP, then Desmond I think
WENDIGO!!! Chris Wallace, he should be fired
Ingram is so much better when Lonzo is on the court though
Even considering he’s having a down year, Gasol is having a better season than Nurkic. Tyreke is having a better year than Mitchell, but that could change after a trade. The real question is will Marc miss enough games to make Nurkic better than him or will Tyreke get traded to a team who’ll hurt his stock more than a potential rookie wall could hurt DMitch (who’s already been producing less now that Gobert is back). The Grizz side consists of players who’ve been notably better assets than the other side though
Brooks and Selden will probably split up the post-Tyreke void. I don’t think either of them will be a realizable asset on a nightly basis
I disagree. There are plenty of violent college rivalries between terrible programs, and the Kangz and Lakers still have a bitter rivalry despite the fact both have sucked for years now. The main issue now is that there weren’t actually any real Clippers fans, so there’s no one with which to battle anymore because everyone’s back to being a Laker or Warriors fan
We can still hate OKC for the NBA rooking us on that ZBo suspension
Not really. Nurkic plays fewer minutes than Gasol and seems like a notable downgrade from Gasol. Is there anywhere where Nurkic would give you a boost? Likewise, how much does Tyreke have to fall off for DMitch fo help you more?
Trade all you want, just don’t collude
Not getting a top pick is gonna suck. It’s nice that we can beat teams trying to lose, and there have been some nice flashes from the young guys, but I can’t help but feel like we missed out on a clear opportunity to get a bright silver lining out of our lost season
We win. Too many games
He also got outplayed by Selden tonight fwiw
I've enjoyed watching his midrange jumper so far
On the season, by my league's vanilla ESPN Points scoring rules, Turner 122nd by total points awarded because of all the time missed, but 63rd by average points awarded, which is still disappointing. Sabonis actually averages more than Turner does, but he's also not top 50. For comparison, GHarris is 62nd in average points, one spot ahead of Turner, but he's received 185 more points because he hasn't missed nearly as much time (but it does reflect how slow GHarris was to get going this season). Wiggins has been miserable as the 107th highest averaging player in Points, but he's been having much better games lately, and he's outscored Turner by 163. I wanted to package for Turner, but the owner is convinced he's going to put up massive numbers ROS, and I'm not so sure considering he's consistently underwhelmed for most of the year
In deeper leagues, maybe grab him as a speculative pickup, but he’s had health concerns with his groin. Probably see how Doc uses him
In Points, Dunn had been a better asset than JRich by a pretty clear margin before the concussion
Picked up Beasley and Sabonis as streamers in my 10 team after some season-ending injuries (RIP Boogie and Conley), but I feel like they’re both fool’s gold. Should I hold, or should I drop for: * Thad (got dropped during his slump, but I already have Sabonis) * Fox (I have so many PGs already - Simmons (also PF), DMitch/DJMurray/DLo (also SG), and Dunn (concussed af)) * Ed Davis * Nance (also own Ingram) * JRich (hasn’t been as effective in Points) * DeMarre or RHJ (also own DLo) * Henson (WW barren when it comes to bigs) * Barton (also own GHarris) * JBrown (low ceiling with plenty of single digit outputs, bad playoff schedule) * MPlumlee (DEN) My team currently is LBJ, Draymond, Wiggins, Simmons, Lord RoCo, Ingram, DMitch, DLo, GHarris, DJ Murray, Sabonis, Dunn, and Beasley. I feel like I don’t have enough depth in my bigs (how silly of me to think Boogie and Draymond was enough), but my guards are still good, even if I have too many guards I’m thinking I’ll drop Beas for Thad unless Beas has a scorched earth game tonight. I’m not sure what to do with Sabonis now that Turner is back in the starting lineup though. Do I hold Beas? Do I hold Sabonis? Do I hold both? First place and undefeated, but my team took a huge hit with losing Boogie obviously
I’m holding onto Sabonis for now in 10 man, but he’s probably toast if Turner comes back strong
Achilles injuries are the absolute worst. I hate it so much
If his ADP is rock bottom, I’d consider it because you wouldn’t have much to lose. Otherwise, it’s a big man with a ruptured Achilles. It’s about as bad as it can be. And he’s about to be a free agent
DLo is still barely netting positive points. Wiggins had a game which reminded me why I hate the fact that I drafted him. Draymond played like donkey ass. I have no idea how my opponent isn't beating me
This probably means LeBron won't be able to coast now
You can’t draft a public league, but I think private rooms are still open? Yahoo will still let you too I think
Yet another sad Boogie reminder
He doesn't, but he doesn't come up as often as he could
23 points on 20 shots is not exactly great
I did too. My only centers now are Draymond and Sabonis, so Davis is definitely on my radar right now, especially since like him, Dedmon, and Henson are the only interesting C's on my wire right now. I'm surprised there hasn't been more about him on the sub though considering he was low key great for his minutes played in the second half of January
Avoid Andrew Wiggins, not drop LouWill, hold onto Collins over Jaylen Brown
DLo is playing in a SEGABABA!!!
I laughed
Today is pain
This’ll probably go down as the least memorable season of the NBA for me as an active adult fan. I’ll probably remember Chris Paul getting hurt and my own franchise being an unwatchable mess of pain (tankszn), but very little was enjoyable or fun. Meh, fuck KD
Games 4 and 5 were fun. The rest were some of the most lopsided blowouts I’ve ever seen
LeBron’s next team can change the entire balance, but the Warriors will absolutely be the best team on paper until someone can throw enough money out there to break up their Core Four Still, there are a lot of massively important free agents this summer, and LeBron could tell everyone to join up in Philly and they’d immediately be a contender, along with a healthy Celtics, along with the Rockets
Absolute shoutout to Mountains. It’s as integral a part to any 80s playlist I make as Cat People
Gloria Romam
The downward tilted screen keeps it from being unreadable if the sun hits it. It’s kinda annoying, but so is not being able to see the GPS or especially the backup camera considering the Camaro’s many, many blind spots
You’re right. Pretty much every offensive category is a mess. Bottom 10 across the board in pretty much everything but homers, where they’re middle of the pack at 13, and OBP (17), but in last place for extra base hits. 20 or worse in every other team offensive stat. The offense is very not good
We’re a few weeks away from the halfway point and don’t have any sense of a reliable offense. I’m optimistic, but it would take some significant improvement to become the 15th or better offense
Well duh. And we’re still over .500. That being said, starting pitching has carried us this far and the offense must improve if the end is to come after September 30th
Talk about regression haha. The save % has taken quite the plummet since then. The staff as a whole is at least still giving up the fewest homers in the League
This is the most Chris Wallace thing ever, but it's kinda hard to think that account has any real information
Twitter. Only Twitter. Always Twitter Herrington, Lipe, Sain, Mike Wallace, Vernon, Calkins, Edmiston, all pretty much essential follows. Plus Tillery is there and he’ll block you the second you call him out for being awful and counterproductive. And there are various bloggers who have decent stuff Vernon’s podcast and Hasseltine’s show on 92.9 are decent when there’s breaking news
I mean, you already have a Reddit...
No one wants to take on THJ’s dumb contract either, and a Parsons who actually plays has been better than Lee or THJ have ever been. It’s debatable how healthy Parsons will ever be again, and for that reason no one, not even your moronic Knicks, would likely trade for him, so there are no realistic situations, but there are certainly situations far more realistic than THJ and pick swapping... And did you not notice the Grizzlies wouldn’t even play healthy players last season? It’s like they were trying to suck or something. I think the Knicks might’ve tried it too, but all it got them was a fringe top 10 pick
New Verno has said plenty of things that I'm surprised haven't gotten him fired. He's not completely unfettered, but he has no issues with criticizing things. I'm pretty sure Chris Wallace won't come on the show anymore, even though they're in the same building
Makes me think we might trade back. 4 is simply too high
After “hey sugar give me a kiss,” I was kinda disappointed it didn’t just devolve into the lyrics of “Walk This Way”
If it’s preempted (or more likely off the air), new stuff won’t be premiering on [as] anyway. CN, Boomerang, [as], TBS, and TNT are all broadcast from the same building in Atlanta. They’re all sister stations. If CN is doing a 48 hour takeover from 6 AM EST Saturday until 6 AM Monday, there is no Saturday [as]/Toonami and no Sunday premiers because the [as] programming block won’t have airtime. And even then, the app does have a live stream option, so if there were hypothetically an actual feed CN is preempting, it’d still be available there. Still, if it’s going for a full 48 hours on both CN and Boomerang, one can expect there won’t be any live [as] that weekend
Then comes the fury
Yeah, but they’re obviously not going to premier anything if they’re not on the air unless it’s something they planned on debuting online anyway. Everything I’ve said has been under the presumption that [as] will be off the air that weekend, and you can always watch [as] stuff 24/7 through the app, regardless of what’s on CN or whether [as] is presently on the air. And if it hypothetically did air despite the CN takeover, you could watch the simulcast and/or live stream conveniently through the app assuming you have a login for a content provider. The simulcast on the app/site shows exactly what’s airing at the time, and you can pick east or west coast. If something premiered and say your cable went out, you could still use the app to watch the premiere live. Even though [as] might not be on the air that weekend, it’s not like it’s all that hard to watch [as] content, especially if you have a Roku, Fire Stick, or computer with video-out. At most the CN takeover should be a minor inconvenience
Missing one weekend isn’t that huge a deal, though it’s a bit of a bummer. It’s not much different than sports or The Oscars or something preempting whatever sitcom you like, albeit on a much smaller scale. It’s not skipped either; it’s just pushed back a weekend. Missing reruns of King of the Hill, The Cleveland Show, Bob’s Burgers, American Dad, Family Guy, Rick &amp; Morty, Robot Chicken, etc. is a nothing burger, and waiting one week is nothing to fans of like FLCL, The Venture Bros., Harvey Birdman, or even R&amp;M haha. It’s inconvenient, but it’s not that major of an inconvenience At the end of the day, I was making a joke about how one lost weekend isn’t that big a deal and at least we have the app to fill whatever jonesing one might get, same as if I wanted to watch Aqua Teen or Venture Bros. when they’re not in rotation. Basically, thank God for the app haha
Handsome thing
Has anyone tried an adult wet wipe? It gets you post-shower clean and all it requires is the same hand washing necessary of any movement
Why do people from other teams’ subs come here just to insult our intelligence? Payne is terrible, just godawful. Neither team he’s been on has trusted him to play in more than 31 games after his rookie year, both because of injury and because he’s just not that good. Even with all of Chicago’s injuries last year, Cam still only appeared in 25 games, most of which came after Dunn went down. He is a replacement caliber player at best, and the Bulls would need to send us a lot more than Valentine to take Payne’s bum ass and give up our best draft spot since Conley. Payne is about to turn 24, so he’s not even all that young these days. Valentine is mediocre, but much better than Payne. He’d be a lot more interesting if he weren’t going to turn 25 less than a month into the season, so he’s exactly not a young talent either. Why would we take them just to move back? Who the hell would or could we sign with the $$$ we shed off of Parsons? Tyreke, maybe? Why will no one come up with a trade proposal that actually sends us a halfway useful player to get Parsons and a top 4 pick? It’s not like Parsons is unplayable, and the 4 pick alone is more valuable than most of the bums these fans come here with which to insult us
I don’t understand why fans of other teams come into this sub for a team based out of “Hoop City” and just expect us to have the basketball IQ and knowledge of a common dish sponge. They straight up insult our intelligence
Others say she did come down eventually, but some say she never came down
Marc is 7’1”, 265 lbs. Playing him at the 4 is preposterous. I actually really like Middleton, but he’s about to turn 27 and will likely be getting a sizable contract next offseason, and not with the Grizzlies. I don’t hate Henson either, but he’s just a guy. This trade doesn’t even involve getting a pick. “trust me this a good trade” is a patently false statement
Oh man. Definitely kinda smells like a Wallace promise. I bet we take him over JJJ, and, considering our luck on taking gambles, I just assume we won't get rewarded for taking the risk
I would imagine we were always taking Conley
4-5 over the last 9 against bottom feeders and our next 6 series all come against clubs that are above .500. Hopefully we rise to the level of our competition, or at least hopefully start showing signs of life on offense
Eat a bullet
Maybe Chris Wallace has gotten tired of everyone shitting on him constantly, so he’s just trying to get fired while burning the whole place down in the process
Unless Chandler Parsons suddenly turns into LeBron James, the absolute highest peak this team can probably get is a 3 seed in the West, assuming either the Warriors or Rockets don't have some crazy offseason misfortune. ~3.9% seems high though
Wallace has blackmail on Pera
Knicks fans are almost as dumb as the actual Knicks
Oh, I got it. JRich is a massive fan favorite down there. He’s one of their most valuable players too. Just does a little bit of everything, while having a fairly efficient offensive game. It’s already a lopsided trade considering we wouldn’t get any picks, and I don’t understand how, if they swapped for Winslow, someone could honestly think trading two bench players for the #4 pick and Chandler Parsons would ever be considered, regardless of how dumb Chris Wallace can be
Kenneth Faried is almost unplayable in today’s NBA. The game passed him by oh so very quickly
This is a bullshit account. They masquerade as some insider and just tweet nonsense
“Funky Little Horse Actors” is the 90s alt band I didn’t know I needed
I don’t dislike Graham, but Kobi Simmons doesn’t turn 21 until next month and Graham will turn during 24 next season. Unless he can immediately contribute, I’m not sure we’d want to develop him on top of Simmons and Andy, who’s only 4 months older than Graham and has already proven himself to be a capable NBA guard. If we’re actually going to try this season, I wouldn’t be surprised if we bring in a PG with more experience this offseason too. Graham doesn’t really fit our timeline. If we were going to bring in a Kansas guy at 32, it’ll almost certainly be Newman. He checks pretty much Chris Wallace box. I also like Jalen Brunson way more than Graham if we were to draft a PG at 32, but I’m not sure he’ll last that long, and I’d also definitely rather us look at like Trevon Duval than Graham if we go that way Melvin Frazier out of Tulane is definitely whom I’d like us to take at 32. Huge wingspan for a SF, good athleticism and scoring ability with a lot of defensive potential. Even if we take a true SF with 4, I think we need to go all in at SF
Not gonna lie, Breadator is a better name, but what all parodies have you already done? I’m digging the art style though. Very heavy ATHF vibes
This gives me hope that we’ll have an ATHF renaissance by 2020
I just hope he won’t be a dampfnudel about it. Dosa all good puns, and even if he doesn’t give a ka’ak, he won’t go farl. I just want to lavash all the puns ETA: Lavash was already used. Malooga
Andrew Wiggins sucks. He just sucks. He’s one of my least favorite players in the league, and he doesn’t shoot well enough actually to help us. He’d just take up a ton of shots. I’d be furious if we took on his hilariously bad contract just to further Wallace’s Kansas fetishism and get off of Parsons’ hilariously bad contract. Props to the Wolves for realizing we probably wouldn’t bite, but savvy of them to realize Wiggins is the exact sort of player Wallace probably sees in his dreams
This is more than halfway decent. I’m speechless. I wouldn’t do it personally in part because I really don’t want us to draft MPJ, but it’s by no means an insulting offer. Congrats!
I am 1000% sure he will be in Los Angeles next offseason
Why would we give up assets for at the absolute most one year of Kawhi? Dude is a year from free agency, and it’s a known fact he wants to be in Los Angeles
Mother of God. We’re going to meme magic Kawhi to Memphis
Unless that makes us a championship team, which I’m not sure it does, it’d be a really good way to waste the 4th pick and give a division rival with a substantially better draft history than us a chance at getting their next superstar
Dillon Brooks and Rabb were easily the most pleasant surprises of last season for us. Selden was an UDFA. Davis is a second rounder. We’ve hit on way more second rounders and UDFAs in the last decade than first rounders, and I don’t know of anyone who’d say Brooks didn’t develop well last season. Plus I think Rabb came along really nicely and showed a lot to like near the end
&gt;He'd ~~probably~~ definitely leave after a year if we're being real though FIFY haha. Does age matter at all if you're under 30 and only going to be somewhere for a year though?
Nooooope, unless the ??? with Aldridge is Kawhi and the ??? with Love is a sign and trade LeBron
I think Titmouse said it'd be coming out this summer, but the exact date hasn't been released yet
I mean, no
The Tyreke deal last offseason is an incredibly underrated move, but the entirety of that charity and more disintegrated when he failed to trade Tyreke
I think he’d be part of a package since this is the last year of his deal. I like JaM a lot though. He’s so important to us defensively, and he’s our biggest hustle guy
1000% Melvin Frazier
I’m going to be so mad when we take him over JJJ. I’d rather have Trae Young than MPJ I think too. I’ve completely talked myself out of MPJ, so it’s who we’re going to take
If we trade down, Carter, one of the Bridges or Knox would be our target, but I’d much rather have a shot at Bagley or Doncic
I’d be very mad if we passed at 4. I think he’s gotta be the obvious choice if he falls
This is a horrible proposal
That’s not Chris Wallace fucking a bear in the ass
Stupid, wise sword
Those franchises both have been collecting loads of young talent since the Grit n Grind Era began...
He was statistically below-replacement on the 2018 playoffs as a whole, and he shot 31% from 3 this year. Respectfully, I completely disagree and do not want him on my team ETA: He shot 28% from 3 in the playoffs this year and a whopping 7%...SEVEN PERCENT...in the ‘17 playoffs
He’s second team because he plays in the much, much weaker conference, and they make the lists before the playoffs. He’s statistically not very good in the playoffs, and he’d have to play much better teams once he’s there in the West, much less getting there. I think he’s an ok player, but I feel like he’d be similar to CJ McCollum, except he’s better at shot-creation and worse at everything else than CJ
He’s also the Zodiac Killer
He could, but I’d be surprised. I’ve seen a lot of buzz about him going 25-30 lately. If he’s there at 32, he’s my top choice, followed by Melvin Frazier out of Tulane. Still, I’d be surprised if Okogie lasts to 32
I’ve never wanted him, but this makes me double not want him, if not triple not want him. I hope he goes to the Mavs so we can literally dunk on him 4x a season. He’s s o f t
Considering how few trades back would actually be a win-win for us, I've never been a fan of the idea, especially with Chris Wallace representing our side's terms. If we did trade back, I'd hope it'd be for like Mikal Bridges at this point, whom I wouldn't mind taking over Bamba even if Bamba is still there, or trade further back for Knox. We should keep 4 and take someone better than Bamba though
Ugh gross no
I disagree. This is a pretty soft move from a pretty soft player
I’m comparing the two players’ careers and individual seasons using the player comparison tool on Basketball Reference. It’s super useful. The numbers don’t lie. My eyes don’t lie. DeRozan is an inefficient volume scorer who can create his own shot and occasionally do spectacular things. That does not make him a spectacular, or even all that special, of a player. Even if I take out his series against the Cavs over the years, he’s been far from ‘very good,’ especially by standards in the West. Like, Jrue Holiday was ‘very good’ in the 2018 playoffs, and he was playing in a completely different universe than DeRozan. DeRozan’s certainly not a player I’d think could genuinely make the Grizzlies the 3 or 4 seed, and I’m not even sure we’d make the playoffs with him, which is enough for me not to want him in a trade. DeRozan is probably not a top 30 player in the NBA right now And the Pelicans would’ve beaten the Wizards in 5 just these past playoffs. Put Toronto in the West and I’m not sure they make it out of the first round more than once since DD’s been there.
He is me, and I said since the GnG era began, and regardless it’d mean that the Suns have been collecting young talent for almost the entirety of the GnG era, if not the whole time
This would be a preposterously horrible trade. We'd be swapping one injured player for another and trading down 8 spots for 2 shots at throwing darts in the third-fourth tier(s) of first round talent, which is where we've had basically no luck drafting. I hope Andrew Han of ESPN Insiders, who wrote this section, gets herpes. He mentions Chandler's health and notes that "Parsons is unlikely to be healthier than Gallo" without mentioning the fact that Gallo played in fewer games than Chandler did last season and has only appeared in 60+ games once since tearing his ACL. He only appeared in 21 games for the Clips last season. Parsons and Gallo have equal chances to play between 30-40 games, with maybe a slight edge to Chandler considering he got rested as part of the tank as much as he was rested due to knee issues, and neither should be expected to appear in 60+. Gallo's injuries have come from all over
Both of those tv markets are way, way bigger than Memphis. Both are top 20 for the US. We're 50 last I checked
No Mo Bamba
Yeah, I’d love this trade if Doncic weren’t on the board, so that seems to be the impasse with this one
I don't think it's fair to Donovan Mitchell or to anyone who gets drafted in his range in this draft to compare. Guys like Mitchell and Giannis are clearly exceptions, not expectations
There's a chance Doncic slides to 4, but not a great one. Otherwise, it seems like we're picking between JJJ and MPJ
Trying to win doesn’t mean they actually won. They didn’t make the playoffs during the entirety of GnG. They’ve been drafting in the lottery for the entirety of GnG and after. Just because they weren’t tanking doesn’t mean they weren’t losing and gathering young talent as a result
Whoops, duh. Yeah, Jackson seems like he should be nice. But my point was that the Suns have been trying to have a solid young core for a decent while and have not had much success until now, and, even then, that’s only if Ayton hits. If we hit on 4, we should be in a solid enough state to try to build
I don’t want us to draft him, which is why I think we almost certainly end up with him
“Please, you must help us with the droid attack on the Wookies”
I noticed this on a BoJack rewatch last week. I do really miss the animation style
Finally saw the preview tonight. Can basically feel the Eric Andre influence from the promo. Do like
Trading a pick and cash considerations along with Troy Daniels just so we’d have the cap room to sign McLemore was such a terrible move. Signing McLemore in general was such a terrible move that pretty much everyone who uses numbers and advanced stats knew would not work. Surprise, it didn’t. Cutting a first-round point guard going into his second season for Mario Chalmers is a horrible move, even if Wade Baldwin IV is an asshat with a terrible attitude...he was a terrible pick too considering what use we got out of him and how putrid Chalmers was. Not trading Tyreke for literally anything just so you could keep him on the roster and not play him before he walks away this offseason should be a fireable offense as soon as the ink dries on whatever contract Reke ultimately signs, unless it’s for the MLE in Memphis. Here’s a hint, it won’t be. These are just 3 really incomprehensibly stupid things he’s done since the last playoff appearance, things he’s done over the past year. Don’t even get me started on the Jeff Green trade or the Parsons contract or the Conley contract or any of the other moves or deals he’s made that have succeeded as well or worse as any critic could’ve predicted
I'll probably put on my TA9 MLK jersey too. Gotta work out better than my Grindfather/Battier lottery combo...
If someone trades to 3, wouldn't it be to take Doncic?
Luka to be available or we take JJJ and work from there
I definitely prefer him to MPJ, but I wish we could’ve gotten Luka ETA: this article is just referencing the Woj tweet. Who knows what’s gonna happen at this point
Gif courtesy of [this tweet from @Fletch](https://twitter.com/BeauregardJones/status/986070402832191488/video/1)
Let’s do the damn thing!
Fuck the Kangz. Please let Atlanta be weird
ATLANTA TRADED LUKA TO DALLAS THOSE FUCKS!
Fuck Dallas to hell
Fuck Chris Wallace to hell
Would be, but doubtful
This was the guy to take if we couldn’t take Doncic or Bagley. It sucks that the Jeff Green trade cost us the lightly protected first we would’ve needed. Luka’s in the division now. Fuck Chris Wallace. Fire him fire him fire him Welcome to Memphis JJJ!!!
I like JJJ. I don’t like the Jeff Green trade once again fucking us, this time allowing for our top draft choice to go to a division rival
Right?!?
Chauncey Billups made the comparison and sounded like an idiot doing so haha
Why waste a pick on Gelo? Kostas could be intriguing
Yeah, but Gelo is the small baller of the family
Yeah, I know, especially to the Dubs. And I knew there was no way Okogie would make it to 30 haha. Let’s hop on the Frazier train! Or maybe Carter or Brunson
Very cool with this. Bob Huggins gave him more than enough praise for me to admire his defense. We went heavy on getting back to GnG. I like it
CAPSLOCK F
Good bot f
That’s what I was thinking. I feel like there’s no way Malik Newman doesn’t end up in our organization too haha
JJJ is J Cubed or Action Jackson
ZBo didn’t put his house on the market though. He’ll be living in Memphis again before JJJ is done being a Grizzly in all hopes
Grindson is a cursed nickname
It’s got a source. Thems is facts
I think J^3 works too, technically speaking. The Cubed must be clear
J CUBED
I already love my adopted large son so very very much
Payne’s is easily the best sandwich in this city
Gotta love agent-related PR smokescreens
If Martin is playing, that says just all we’d need to know about his development. He was already the only third year player actually on a roster last season iirc
Dillon Brooks with a quick triggered three point stroke is so tantalizing
It seems to me that Mike’s luck has soured a bit ever since he really started growing it out. I’m hoping this season proves me wrong
*Huffs* *Puffs* Miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilady
The car waits a whole 2.5 seconds before bursting aflame
Blame the sham lottery process or blame Chris Wallace for giving up the future first in the Jeff Green trade for us having no shot at Luka. Don’t blame J Cubed
I’m not crazy about the grey
Once his # is out, I imagine the only way to get one will be to make a custom jersey. They didn’t have Brooks or Rabb gear last year. I imagine the only reason we get J^J^J gear is because he was the #4 overall pick
Brooks’ gear wasn’t available outside of a customized jersey until well after the season began last year though
It’s a really weird account. No rhyme or reason, but it doesn’t seem like a bot
More like Crossbones...
Unpictured: Ant-Man (Jay Cubed)
You’ve also got Reef, Iverson, and White Chocolate 2.0 for #3, so it’s not all bad
I’d be surprised if he doesn’t go to contender in the East (Philly or Boston or wherever LeBron goes). He may love Memphis, but you have to think he actually wants to have a guaranteed path to the playoffs at least once in his career
Nope, not unless it’s a lightly protected 2020 First and y’all project to start falling apart completely
I don't understand why trading him to a playoff team that might not necessarily have the money to bring him back this offseason, say like a Boston or someone, would have put us in any worse of a position to bring him back this offseason than the chance we currently have after deciding to bench him for most of the second half of the season despite his health
Ilyasova got traded to Atlanta from Philly, eventually got bought out/waived by Atlanta, and then resigned in Philly. Not the exact same thing I know, but I still don’t get why it’s just assumed that if we’d traded him away we’d have a much worse shot of bringing him back than we do currently, especially since it doesn’t seem likely that we can bring him back
&gt;We have almost no realistic chance of competing with ~~something like a 3 year offer for 36 million from a playoff team~~ an offer from any team that’s more than the MLE FIFY
Having no money outside of the MLE to offer does not constitute a 10%. It would’ve been like a 100% shot at $10 and a 3% at $100. Considering how metaphorically strapped for cash the franchise is, you don’t let free money walk away ETA: I thought it was funny that Ainge’s hubris kept them out of the Finals because they definitely were one Tyreke away, but I’m sure Ainge doesn’t much care about being one game away from missing out on getting swept by the Warriors without his top two player acquisitions
I’m not sure anyone has said this yet...but it completely depends on his health In all seriousness though, if he avoids another lingering injury like a quad, I think he can be a meaningful role player for us. He’s got a decent shot and nice athleticism, and it’s fun as hell whenever he’s just going off
UConn was horrible this year, but a 6’8” wing with a knack for scoring is always interesting
McLemore and Parsons are exactly why we have no money. The Pacers will land 1 of Barton or Tyreke for sure, and there are other teams, especially in the East, with easier paths to the playoffs and more money, especially if LeBron stays in Cleveland
We have. No money
I low key am intrigued by David Nwaba, whom Herrington mentions in passing as a gettable RFA. He’s not the best shooter, but he’s 6’4” with a 7’0” wingspan and defends well enough. He’s 25 but only really saw major NBA action for the first time last season and wasn’t terrible
I figured as much about Chicago wanting him to keep him, but we’re likely going to have to overpay for FAs most of the time I still don’t understand why we paid that much for Ben McLemore to be on this team. It’s baffling
Bless this child
Signing JR...plz no. Also, I’m not sure we could field a team healthy enough to do anything with Chandler, Jabari, AND Mike. Plus that’s way too much for Jabari
I mean, there’s no way around us playing JJJ and Brooks, probably Davis too unless we come out with a better backup center
Wiggins is so inefficient. It’s maddening. He scores, but his inefficiency and lack of any other notably above-average skills make him a net negative. I’m not sure he’ll ever reach his potential, especially after the way Butler ripped his work ethic. He played massive minutes this season and last season, but he’s never had a positive VORP, his 3 point shot is very unreliable (career 33%), and he’s just so unremarkable in so many ways
Andrew Wiggins sucks
I wish all the flairs had the text box
People forget that Tony Allen averaged over 15 points a game in his two years at Oklahoma State. But yeah, Jevon has a functional jumpshot, so there's a distinct difference haha
The only way I see this working is if we sign him on a bird rights deal so that we can actually pay him next summer. That being said, definitely do want. He'd be an immediate starter and would make us so much better
I think he’s mostly a Brad Stevens product, but he was really good on those teams. He’s a completely different player once Stevens got to Boston. He started last season poorly, and then injured his groin and never recovered, so I’m wary to say the least. It could work, but there are better fits for us out there I’d think, unless his groin injury puts him on a major discount. His defense should be solid wherever he plays as long as he’s healthy, but I’m not necessarily sold on his offense
Agreed. I think 2016-17 will almost certainly be an outlier as the best season of his career, and I’m just not convinced he can reliably replicate similar production to his stretch from 13-17. His 3 ball was solid enough last season, but I think a lot of his last season is indicative of his future
Nah, quite the opposite. He was super inconsistent before he got injured the first time in December. He was horrible after initially injuring his groin, and then he got traded to the Clippers, where he was pretty decent, but his groin didn’t seemingly heal right, and he reinjured himself a mere 6 games into his time in LA, ending his season. He barely played half a season last year, and it wasn’t pretty. He did have some good games in Detroit, but his bad games far outnumber them. I had him on my fantasy team, and I had to drop him because his piss poor play made him untradeable haha, but I don’t really use that as a reference for his abilities IRL. Last season wasn’t great though. His defense was still solid, but his offense was a complete mess
Dunks. Lots and lots of dunks
I’d be willing to give him a shot, especially if we strike out elsewhere
Time for me to spread my hate out equally between the Mavs, Thunder, Rockets, and Kevin Durant
More like “mice catch,” amirite? But seriously, why would the mouse pop up right there to investigate? How did man lose to this creature in Mouse Hunt or Willard?
Looks like a case of r/untrustworthypoptarts
This news isn’t super surprising, but it sucks. Tyreke is now probably definitely the top target for us, along with guys like Bradley, Hezonja, Joe Harris, Rodney Hood, KCP, etc.
He was probably too expensive for the Grizzlies anyway, but he was probably at the top of my "do want" board as far as realistic or semi-realistic candidates were concerned
It’s annoying that the lineups lock at the scheduled time of the game instead of the actual tipoff
Jaren Jackson *Junior*
I would only trade Jaren for a combination of Steph, KD, and 1992 Michael Jordan
Gross
I’m going to buy every Jaren Jackson Junior jersey possible and build a blanket fort out of them which can block any enemy
J A R E N C O M I N ‘
I almost feel it’s necessary to type his full name out each time. He’s too good to abbreviate or shorthand. Jaren Jackson Junior
As one riding the Gus Bus, this makes me uncomfortably aroused
nice
Another season of Mike Conley being the best current PG never to have made the ASG
Fire everyone, etc., etc.
I don’t understand why we don’t run against one of the worst running defenses in the league Fuck this game
The offense period isn’t working. We almost have as many punts as points
We’re tied with the fucking Cardinals with 5 minutes left in the third. There have only been 20 points combined, and it’s not like the defenses have been stellar. The offenses have been utter trash If we lose, I hope we announce that MM will be stepping down at the end of the season
This game is so gross
Fine Andrew Luck, I didn’t wanna make the playoffs anyway Dubya tee eff
Joe Philbin was an unequivocally bad hire
101 seconds to do literally anything on offense Otherwise we lose, at home, to the likes of the two-win Arizona fucking Cardinals
In hindsight we should’ve just sat Rodgers and let his knee heal. We’d probably have about the same number of wins
We should bench Rodgers to let his knee heal. Tank for draft position at this point. We likely have as many wins as we would’ve had otherwise if we had let Rodgers’ knee heal in the first place. If we don’t announce that MM will be stepping down at the end of the season, if not sooner, tomorrow, I’m not watching another snap this year. Fuck this season. Anyone left in the keep McCarthy camp should be sent into exile or investigated as a possible Bears fan
He has 135 million reasons to be complacent on an uncompetitive team
If it’s not McCarthy, the state of Wisconsin might burn to the ground
We should’ve just sat Rodgers from the beginning. We probably would have about the same number of wins, and without exacerbating his bum knee
Safety and EDGE Interior OL
The Pats have had 7 different rushers so far
2014 was the beginning of the end. Sucks it took 4 years, but at least we’re moving on. I think it’s smart that we’re promoting Philbin, who sucks, instead of Pettine to interim. Pettine can focus on the defense, and I feel like it puts him in a better position to be retained should that be the direction we wanna go. I feel like interim HCs never end up staying on staff even if they do an ok job after taking over
James Conner got knocked out while I was down less than a point. Needed literally just a few more yards
N e p h e w
Oh I know. I’m an agonized Cheesehead as well. Watching us in the second half has been an exercise in disappointment
Every single one of them. I honestly can’t remember the last coach who went from college coach to NFL HC who had multiple successful seasons without any NFL experience. Chip Kelly won the division in his first season, and was basically tarred, feathered, and ridden out of Philly on a rail by the end of his third season, before surviving only a year in the bay. Saban and Spurrier were disasters. Rich Brooks sucked. The list goes on. Jim Harbaugh was a former NFL player with NFL coaching experience prior to Stanford who also came from a family of NFL coaches, so he wouldn’t be someone who’d never been around the NFL game. Pete Carroll coordinated multiple positions in the NFL and coached the Jets and freaking Patriots before USC. Tom Coughlin did similarly. We can’t really afford to waste another season of Rodgers. The next hire has to be the best hire
Counterpoint: Crosby makes over $4 million a season at arguably the most replaceable position on the roster That doesn’t make him bad, but I wouldn’t consider Mason an elite kicker, but he’s compensated like one. He’s had a bad season, but his missed kicks wouldn’t cost us games if our offense hadn’t been so disappointing. Still, I’m definitely not opposed to moving on just because the money could be spent better elsewhere without a massive drop in kicking efficiency
Hard pass on LaFleur. And on Riley and Kingsbury. These three are probably my least favorite candidates, and I don’t think they’re under the radar either haha
Jeff Saturday snitchin’ Also, fuck the site linked in the tweet. Awful, awful design, especially on mobile. The auto play video caused my reddit app to crash...
This was my immediate thought when I saw who the interim was, on top of Pettine notably saying he doesn’t want to be a head coach again Also, Philbin sucks, so it’ll be better for our draft pick to promote him hahaha
I am almost positive MM was told he would be forced to step down at the end of the season or otherwise his contract would not be picked up, and MM didn’t want to coach the final four games if that was the case, so the band-aid got ripped off yesterday as opposed to Black Monday. I don’t think it’s a direct response to losing to the Cardinals so much as MM didn’t want to be a lame duck for four games, so they parted ways MM needed to go obviously, but I don’t think the Packers are the type to pink slip a championship winning coach mid-season in a season that had been trending down since Week 1 unless the coach also decided not to stick around
Gross. OP is a Vikings fan
They probably took it down because it was a screenshot and not a link to the tweet
The Titans offense is not very good, particularly at rushing the ball. LaFleur was under both Shanahan and Riley, who are brilliant offensive minds, but it’s pretty clear it’s *their* influence, not LaFleur’s, that was important in those offenses. I think there are smarter guys out there And I don’t care how successful a college coach is, I will not support hiring someone with literally zero NFL coaching experience as a position coach or otherwise. The professional game is very different from the college game, and I can’t think of a single successful recent NFL coach who had moved to the pros from college without any NFL experience. Chip Kelly won his division in Year 1 and was being chased out of town before the end of Year 3. It’s just such an obviously bad idea to me, and we can’t afford to miss on this hire. Rodgers isn’t getting younger, but our window is open as long as he’s under center, but that’s maybe 5 more years, if we’re lucky, and you have to think our next hire gets 3 seasons minimum
It seems like hiring whoever Andy Reid’s OC is has been a smart move the past few years. But I don’t have a specific name in mind. I just know that LaFleur is one of my least favorite qualified candidates, and Riley and Kingsbury aren’t even qualified to me because they have literally zero NFL coaching experience combined between the two of them
The Sixers have a ton of sunk cost in Fultz though
What’s his TD:INT against .500+ teams? Surely that’s not also hilariously bad ETA: Judging by the downvotes, maybe it is also hilariously bad
Why in the world would they settle for that offer?!
Yeah. I actually like OU. They’re my second favorite team in CFB, behind my alma mater. My grandparents went to OU, and I’ve seen what all Riley has been able to do. There’s nothing to suggest Riley grasps the pro game though. There’s nothing to suggest *any* college coach who hasn’t been involved in the NFL at any level will be successful. There are dozens of examples that suggest he will fail though. We don’t have time to waste on someone who could end up coaching in college again before the end of Rodgers’ current contract. College coaches who’ve never so much as been general assistant in the NFL before getting an NFL HC gig seemingly fail 100% of the time
There’s no way I think the Sixers make a move without getting a prospect back, on top of whatever depth they could get. Regardless, there’s no way they’d trade their #1 pick who’s only played in 33 games for the expiring contracts of an inconsistent 32-year-old journeyman wing and 28-year-old PF who can’t finish at the rim, play center, or post up anyone
Please do not bring this assclown ‘round these parts
He should’ve been able to address the team, plain and simple
One who has experience in the NFL or I don’t want him. It’s so dumb to think, after years and years and years and years of watching it fail without exception, that hiring someone who’s never been around the NFL game will magically do fine because he was good in college
I’m disappointed Todd might be getting looks despite being completely unproven at the NFL level, but Adrian Martinez, the “HEY RODGERS!” fan AKA the “Discount Double Check Guy,” a man dedicated to following both the NFL and insurance industries with a fanatic zeal, consistently gets left out of coaching discussions
Oh yeah, I wasn’t saying literally Parkey. If that were the case, gimme Legatron, Lutz, or Butker for cheaper than Parkey haha. My point more was that we’ve paid Crosby a lot of money relatively to be a relatively average kicker, and plenty of teams have done a fine to excellent job of replacing their kickers Plus, there could very well be a chance both the Chargers and Vikings are cursed to have bad kicking haha
If this is because of the mounting injuries Breida has sustained, I still don’t understand why Shanahan refused to rest Breida earlier in the year Also, crazy that he hasn’t missed a game since freshman year of high school
Please still have something left in the tank. Pleeeeeeeeaaaaaaasssseeeeeee
He’s never been around the NFL game. That alone should disqualify him
If he falls, I’d be all over getting Allen. Fantastic player and a seemingly fantastic kid
The run wasn’t working that well, but there’s no way we should’ve abandoned it to the extent we did. It was asinine and pathetic
The only reason I’d want this is to get him out of Bama. But I really don’t want a college guy
If you have space
I’m gonna use my internet points to buy me a swimmin’ pool, tellyawhut
Oh, he’s certainly more than just a college guy, and he’s certainly a more qualified candidate than Lincoln Riley or some of the other guys who’ve never been around the NFL game, and he’s not going to leave Bama unless he’s simply gotten bored. He’s the greatest college coach ever, essentially doing to CFB what the Warriors have done to the NBA, while doing such in the more difficult division of the deepest conference in a sport where his roster undergoes significant changes most seasons. He makes $11m a year, which is nearly 2x what we were paying McCarthy. The only NFL coach who makes more than him is *possibly* Belichik I believe. That being said, we’d also have to shell out a ton of money to get him an elite staff on top of whatever crazy Gruden-esque deal we’d probably have to offer to make it worth his while. And, even then, there are plenty of arguments against why he’d be the best guy for the job, including the notion that we need to get an offensive minded coach for Aaron’s last seasons
This looks fake [This guide](http://www.thumper300zx.com/jersey/fake_vs_real.htm) has some good real vs fake comparison info from the Reebok era. The NFL shield is what seems to be a major giveaway for me
It’s notable that he’s not going to the Rams after the Malcolm Brown news today
It still blows my mind that he was briefly the highest paid player in the NFL. I know “market value of a starting QB” etc., but, like, Cousins and guys like Jimmy G and stuff simply haven’t done enough outside of seeming halfway competent to warrant such massive paydays. The game is in a weird place
Isn’t dailysnark a satire site?
Being Nick Offerman seems fun as hell
Tony Allen
