The name is Kaufmann, quote is Eurostyle. Both bad choices.
If he's related to El Chapo Guzmán, do NOT doubt him. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joaqu%C3%ADn_Guzm%C3%A1n_Loera
This is such bullshit. You're acting like "black culture" is some far away culture that other Americans don't understand. African Americans are Americans. It isn't part of black culture to not get married when having a baby out of wedlock, it's what happens when you get knocked up with a guy who isn't done fucking around yet. My neighbor was a single black mom and yes, the kid's dad did come around occasionally for 1 night. And after he would leave I would see condom wrappers in the shared trashcan. He didn't come for the kid, he came to fuck her again. (And least he finally realized he should be using condoms.)
She looks so happy. I want to be that happy.
Anybody know how this happened? The entire bottom of my feet are calluses (no idea why) and I want to remove all the skin.
Eurostyle was easy. Kaufmann I needed some help with.
It is when used correctly. But it's been waaaay overused. Same with Papyrus, which is a nice font, but every single nature show and spa seems to think they need to use it.
~~You're~~Your stupid until proven otherwise.
thx
LEEROY JENKINS!!!!
OP said you'd be immortal, he didn't say anything about STDs. Having a massive case of herpes for eternity would suck.
Burn him.
It's interesting actually. Scammers purposely make their emails look fake so that smart/normal people will disregard them. They only want the stupid people to respond. http://news.nationalpost.com/news/email-scams-are-stupid-for-a-reason-scammers-only-want-stupid-people-to-respond-to-them
Arabic please
Great thanks! Just one more, hieroglyphics. (My dad is Egyptian and married a mummy he found.)
Well that was unexpected. Well done!
Yep, the mom killed her son. Poor guy just needed some help and support.
What the fuck is wrong with people? They were doing well and were very successful before. Now they're going to ruin their business because they're greedy fucktards.
How did you first get involved with Simon Rex?
Never go full retard.
I can't believe you've done this.
Op is the best reversed Gaf i've ever saw.
Any idea where it's from?
How do you like them apples?
Eau de Elon
I like how he gently strokes it with his fingers.
Are you single-handedly responsible for the Earth's deforestation?
Part of me suspects they just bought a new dog and drugged it so it looked partially quadriplegic, then kept lowering the dose so "Sammi" appeared to be getting better. The internet has ruined me.
Are you sure this isn't a gay dating site?
Shit like this makes me glad I switched to OS X. As someone who likes to keep his UI clean and tidy, this would really irritate me. I never thought Microsoft would do something as annoying as this.
No
What if Neil and Buzz had butt sex on the moon?
Worked for me. Time to sleep.
Round two.
OP's mom's vagina is a huge target. It's an honest mistake.
I used to say to my ex-girlfriend "If you weren't pretty I wouldn't be with you cause your personality sucks."
You have to hide in the bushes outside her house and then sometimes quickly rise up and peek in her window. It gets the point across you're serious and aren't playing games.
Many times you want to frame the photo around the girl's faces. When you have 4 average height girls and 1 girl who is a foot above the others, that girl is gonna have to squat.
I actually love it when a girl has a very small round bead piercing in her nose.
Why does God want Benny Hinn to knock people over? I really don't get this.
It depends where he was staying, actually. If he was somewhere with a lot of hooker bars, he was getting so much attention 1) as you said, money and 2) because he is most likely younger and the girls are used to ugly old foreign guys. Many of the bar girls have darker skin because they hang out with foreigners so much and foreigners tend to like the sun more than Thai people. If he was staying in a smaller city or even a bigger city that doesn't get as much tourism (e.g. Nakhon Ratchasima) then his white skin is definitely the reason girls are so attracted to him. Almost every TV/movie superstar in Thailand is half Thai. If you have darker skin you will (usually) think that makes you ugly. The people with darker skin on the Thai TV shows commonly play the stupid/silly characters. Anyway, you're completely underestimating how important skin color is here.
That was pretty damn good.
Death by brojob
Jesus. H. Christ *Marketing Director, Heaven*
His argument is boiling a dog alive will create a shit and piss soup. You're showing pictures of skinning a dog alive for fur. This is completely different.
...and then stuffed inside sausage casings and eaten by the upper class.
Unfortunately that's probably true.
"I've made an awesome mistake..."
The print/cursive mix should be the standard. It's so much faster to write like that than either print or cursive alone.
He's leaning towards the camera.
I wish your cat was drunk before the raccoon ate her.
TIL i am a bird
...a little bit of Leslie's all I need.
I don't know what they're saying but i'm still laughing.
&gt; Isn't it a bit sexist to assume that she "allowed" us to objectify her? You're right. Maybe ESPN hogtied, drugged, then stripped off her clothes and took photos.
So the Christian motto is basically, "It's easier to say you're sorry than to ask for permission"?
I only watched it a few times and I knew that.
They don't think it be like it is, but it do...
Here in Thailand it's completely different. It kind of caught me off guard. I had only been here for a few months and me and my girlfriend at the time were on a city bus in Bangkok. She started talking to a little girl who was in the seat next to us, probably 4 years old, and then just picked her up and put her on her lap. She hadn't even said anything to the girl's mom. I immediately looked at the mom because I expected her to say something or act a certain way, but nothing. A guy friend of mine is about 30 years old and he absolutely loves babies and children, probably because he's working away from his home town and doesn't get to see his children often (which is really common for Thai people to do). He'll go up to a baby or little kid and start talking to them and then start rubbing their head or hold their hands. In America the mom and dad would have taken the kid away in both of those situations. All those things should be perfectly fine to do, but in America it's like you're automatically assumed to be a pedophile just for being friendly with babies and children.
AT&amp;T. I bought 1 month of phone and 3G service for $60 at one of their local offices (I don't live in the US). They accidentally charged my card twice... $120. I called them up and after looking up the billing history the guy was like, "Oh, yep, I see now. We accidentally charged you twice." So I was like, "Ok, great, so you'll refund me $60?" This mother fucker immediately said, "Sorry, we have a no refund policy." WTF?! You just admitted your mistake and then say you won't fix it? It took over an hour and a half on the phone, even having to talk to a supervisor, before they agreed to refund me for the extra charge. Assholes.
Man I haven't been that excited in a long time. I need to get out fishing more.
What if you yell racial slurs at the takeout box?
We must remove the brain...
No more dinners at Tony's house.
Thai sweet and sour soup would be pretty bad with cheese.
Maybe it's the bare minimum, but I wish we had more nice people on this planet.
They basically do.
But she had a flashlight
That's the Rafucku
Are you fishing with lures or bait?
That explains everything.
Yep, most likely something like that.
It seemed like The Majestic was unfairly judged. Everybody was saying how it was Jim Carrey's attempt at getting an Oscar, so they scrutinized it way more than they should have. It was a good movie.
One of the funnieth movieth EVER.
I've read this a lot, but just how dangerous is it really? I live in Thailand and everybody here gives dogs food with both onions and garlic every single day (usually the dog's food is whatever the humans didn't eat during their last meal) and the dogs seem to be very healthy, with street dogs being an exception. As long as they don't get hit by a car or get something like heartworm from the mosquitoes, they live a long, normal life. They're usually all very active and playful (or run after you and try to bite you) but if there are any health issues caused from onions and garlic I've never seen it. EDIT: Ok, see /u/GLaMSDOS 's post below. Sounds like people are blowing this out of proportion. A little bit of onion and garlic in the food won't be toxic.
You're a good man. And so am I. So I call seconds.
Something in the three quarter-pounders, the french fries, and supersized *diet* Coke.
THE BIG YELLOW ONE'S THE SUN
Actually, for maximum gains she should probably have injections in multiple locations at the same time...
If you're looking for Part 2, [click here](http://studygroupcomics.com/main/the-epic-of-gilgamesh-part-2-by-kinoko-evans/).
His face is pretty damn big.
My mom actually does this. Not enough to actually turn, but steering wheels usually have a bit of give so you can turn the wheel slightly left or right and it doesn't turn the car. I gave up trying to make her realize she can hold the wheel straight. Now I'm a bit fascinated by it and just watch her and observe. Like National Geographic or something.
When there's a fight scene and the people in the background are slowly doing fighting motions or just standing there. I try to keep myself from looking for it, but sometimes I can't help it.
What if its name is Brock?
It sucks when your asshole just gives up mid-shit.
Have you tried talking to her and explaining that you're an adult and she shouldn't be so controlling over your life?
And making booze.
My ex girlfriend is Asian and she never stank. Even after camping for 2 days. Even after exercising. And she didn't wear deodorant.
It just means earlier versions of IE won't be supported by Microsoft. People will still use them.
This is true, but this gives us more leverage when convincing clients to not require support for IE 10, or even 9 or 8.
A guy was telling me the reason Donald Trump would be a great president is because he has no experience.
They know. They all know. You sick bastard.
I also don't get it. When we were kids we would loosen the front tire's bolts, do a wheelie, and see how long we could wheelie without a front tire. It would have been really easy to get a picture like this.
When it was only 500 million you just couldn't be bothered?
To steal money? Are you serious? They're taking more from the middle class as a percentage as they are from the rich. There is nothing unfair about this, except being unfair to the middle class. It's still going to be capped at 250k, so it's still showing favoritism towards the wealthy.
I've never taken any form of welfare and I don't even live in the United States anymore, yet I still pay taxes in the states.
One other thing I haven't seen mentioned is that Forbes most likely doesn't directly control the ads that are shown. Most companies use an ad network to serve and monetize their ads. It would definitely be Forbes' fault for using ad network that would do things like serving up malware, but you can't blame Forbes because a bad ad came from their ad network.
Yeah that didn't come out right. What I meant was it's partially Forbes fault, but the majority of blame should fall on the ad network.
I guarantee it wasn't someone named Akim. It's an African scammer. I run an online dating site in Asia and we get anywhere from 3 to 10 African scammers a day.
It's actually kinda good. I'm tempted to draw something and put it into there.
I work at a cactus fucking store, so I'm good.
I'm into it.
I'd like to see this.
Just grab a cactus and quit asking questions.
I see so many things posted that are blatant propaganda and I get the feeling the government has something to do with it. Reddit is the 10th largest website in the US according to Alexa. If the government wanted to spread propaganda, this is definitely one of the websites they would do it on.
Once Americans get their free healthcare there's no way they'd let anyone take it away. They'll realize the negative image of universal healthcare that republicans try to portray is completely false and the republicans would have to start supporting it.
Wtf? Why would Reddit allow stuff like this to happen?
I don't even glare. I just say "no, thank you" in a very direct way and DO NOT GRIN OR SMILE. If you grin or smile it will make them stick around much longer. (I'm a white guy living in Thailand, so I deal with this a lot.)
&gt; Anything's possible when the possibility of more ~~karma~~weed is involved.
http://youtu.be/nsLmQF29OgU
Well I'll be damned.
That's how I interpreted it. I actually don't want an open casket funeral cause it creeps me the fuck out. So, no helmet necessary.
When I die, I want someone at my funeral to say "Gdj11 puts the 'fun' in funeral" and then quietly sit back down.
K
Directions unclear. Piss running down my chin.
Because the climate can support a wide variety of fish from South America as well as Southeast Asian fish.
Is that in Thailand by chance? I live in Thailand and have always wanted to catch a peacock bass.
This title of that article is complete race-baiting shit. It's not even from a reliable news source. How has not a single person here questioned the source or article?
Guys... he can't read good.
Or a drunken sailor https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsLmQF29OgU
Yeah I assumed you were British as well. I've never seen those rod holders with alarms anywhere except Asia and Europe.
I have an iPhone 6 and the battery life is awesome. I don't have to charge it for 2 or 3 days usually. I'm not addicted to my phone, but I check email a lot, send lots of messages, and scroll through Facebook when I'm waiting for food or something like that.
You must be fun at parties.
He shouldn't be fined anything. They should investigate what led to the boat being anchored there and deal with the real problem.
It's possible to repair a reef artificially, but it takes a very long time for the life to return to what it was.
*Deliberately* planning ahead. Instead of accidentally planning ahead.
James Earl Jones would have pulled it off.
Was Sinbad a man?
The scent of victory. And burning hair.
America could end North Korea's nuclear program if they wanted as well.
I've seen some people who look like their arms just don't belong on their body.
Of course you can. It'll end up costing a lot more in the long run obviously.
&gt; UNU SAYS: "I doubt it' Why do all your other "UNU SAYS" answers have two double quotes, but this one has a double then single quote? Did a human type this answer?
Thanks for clearing that up. The way the AMA title was written in first-person led me to believe it was a type of AI.
I was seriously about to google Jaberwacky Hinge Bracket until I stopped myself.
What I always heard is "they're not dead until they are warm and dead"
How would you prove that the person wanted to be killed? Would you need to get some type of consent from both parties, certified at a government office, along with a mental health check? Seems like keeping it illegal to kill someone is the best approach.
Followed by the big STD.
As someone who lives in a tourist destination in Asia with lots of heavy drinking and testosterone, when a guy at a bar is getting heated for some reason and I say "just forget about it" and they're like "ok". I have to deal with idiots who can't control themselves way too often so it's nice when someone can listen to reason even when they're drunk.
Why would you filter an instant massive change? Faults are very important to show in logs, especially for maintenance.
No they don't. http://earth911.com/food/the-verdict-is-in-keep-the-bottle-caps-on
It's because they don't know how to properly use the word "cure".
I'm wondering how, if you are at your car and say you will move it, they can still tow your car. Isn't that theft? Or does the government give towing companies special rights? Even if it's at somebody's business, how can they just take your car? Can they also go through your wallet as well and take whatever they want? What's the difference?
It can be beneficial to keep your salary a secret from coworkers if you make more than them. If there's someone who thinks they are as talented or more talented than you and finds out you make more than them, they can use you as a negotiating tactic when talking with superiors. That could lead to the superiors being more reluctant to give you a raise or as much of a raise when the time comes, especially since they know you're probably going to tell other people.
If someone told me a range after I asked that question I'd laugh and say, "If you don't want to answer then just say you don't. It's ok."
If you have a social circle that's more than just really close friends it can become an issue.
What if the management thought the 125k person had potential to become upper management and the 80k person did not? That's something completely aside from job title, responsibilities, hours, etc., yet is extremely important in the eyes of the company and is completely acceptable to discriminate salaries based on this.
&gt; That can be paid out as a bonus or other line item compensation. They can, but if I wanted an employee to feel more secure and stable in his position at my company and there is not yet a higher position available, a salary increase is the way to say it. I believe it's up to the employee to do their due diligence to determine what salary range they should be expecting. They can even go on message boards and find out what other peoples' salaries are in their area.
I read it fine.
They won't let you have it back if they've already started hooking it up.
Something about huge water animals is so fascinating to me.
Reddit is the 10th most visited website in the United States. I have a feeling Objective Development's forum isn't.
Right in the feels.
It's not up to them who I will blame. Just give me the damn news.
Maybe your wife would enjoy murdering hookers with you? Open communication is the most important thing.
If the bad guys know that people inside are carrying guns, wouldn't they just switch to using heavy explosives? They're not looking for a fight, they're looking to murder as many people as possible.
I'm waiting for blood to begin flowing into my penis again.
This would be huge. Not only would it indisputably prove that Hillary has been purposely trying to deceive everyone, it would show how little she cares about national security.
~~Mirror?~~ Edit: Found a video that includes the original video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIspB5klibU
If they do find gay porn on his computer, it probably means he wanted it to be found. He would know full well that all of his possessions would be searched thoroughly, including his phone which they've already said had LGBT apps on it.
"State Department Liason" It's pretty far removed from Hillary.
It is, but the man was VISITING the liaison office. This is a man who was running for the president of Afghanistan. You simply cannot use this to connect Hillary to the Orlando shooting.
Can confirm.
&gt; Western Buddhists rarely seem to have an understanding Buddhism past skin deep levels. I live in a Buddhist country. Even if the people here know what Buddhism is all about, nobody I've ever met practices it.
Thanks for not deleting this. I'm so glad I saw it.
K, I got a flower. Now what?
So maybe the rules should be if you show the cumshot, it's rated R, but if not it's PG-13.
It's just a tit. A sack of fat with a nipple on it. It's still just a tit no matter how you show it.
I want to be entered! I live in Thailand, but I'd obviously pay the shipping cost if I win. I'd love a hand-crafted leather quiver with shoulder strap... or an armguard... or a fingertab... :)
Nigeria started practicing early. I even got a few emails today...
Wow, I should spend some money too. Unfortunately I don't have any right now.
You're doing god's work.
This is one of my favorite songs. I really, really hope I can unhear this.
Yeah the lyrics to that song are actually really good. Brings me back to a time I saw the most amazingly beautiful girl out in public, seemingly perfect in every way I've imagined the perfect girl to be, and just thinking "what if." And then snapping out of it and realizing the sober truth... there's just no chance.
It's a guy trying to talk a girl into staying over for some lovemaking, and rather politely at that. The same thing every guy (except some of you pussies) has done since his dick began working properly. She obviously wants to also, but she's afraid her family will be worried and her friends will find out.
It's about a couple getting caught up in their day to day and forgetting who the person they married really is. At the end of the song it says they laugh when they see each other and say, "Oh... it's you!" It's actually a beautiful song. They were both seeking what they had forgotten they already had, they just didn't know it.
OMG what the hell is on Joey's head? Call the police.
As someone who's done a lot of drugs, LSD is safe in that it won't kill you, but it's still dangerous in that you can easily lose control of reality.
I'm actually pretty strong headed. I've done lots of different hallucinogens. I've done LSD quite a few times and never had any problems except for one night. I didn't do anything bad really, but I ended up on my hands and knees crawling through my neighbor's backyard with my dog. I thought my dog would show me "answers". I'm not saying people will freak out and kill people, but there's just no telling what's going through a person's head when they're tripping. Especially when a person is religious. You definitely get spiritual feelings and it can easily seem like there are answers to be found if you go looking for them. One common thing for me when I'm tripping is to have the feeling that I need to kill myself to "move on". Obviously I've never done it.
I would say white and gold.
Could be a bit larger.
The problem is when you get used to the feeling of having things that aren't done constantly in your head. It starts to become indistinguishable between that feeling and the feeling of depression.
Fake news helped Trump tremendously. Russia's hacking helped even more. The fact that Republicans disregard or even deny the former and simply say "Hillary wasn't likable!" is fucking psychotic.
There is nothing wrong with not only unfollowing your family, but disowning them as well until THEY apologize and ask for forgiveness.
I live in a tourist area of Thailand and meet tourists and fellow expats all the time... from all countries. Believe me, it's not just Americans. Everybody knows everything and wants to tell you "the best way" to do something. Usually it's just info they read in their trusty Lonely Planet guide.
Step 2: Don't pay taxes
Yeah they are. Old white people are casual racists. It just flows off their tongues it's almost humorous. Old black people are angry racists. They fucking hate whitey. You could argue old black people have a damn good reason for it too.
Not to mention just recently there were 3 white guys who tortured a black disabled teen. They stuck a metal coat hanger up his rectum. The "ringleader" also put confederate flags on the black guys laptop and forced him to sing songs about the KKK. He was let off with community service.
Fox News had it featured on their home page until the Fort Lauderdale shootings. Now I don't see it anymore. It said they were waiting to see if it would be labeled a hate crime. And fyi, the incident with the 3 white guys torturing the black teen was nowhere near Fox New's home page.
Yep, all he's getting is community service.
And the one with the white perpetrators and black victim resulted in community service for only one of the guys.
It's hard to blame the lack of attention on it just being in a small town. Some of the "popular" race incidents weren't in big cities. For some reason the MSM just decided it wasn't worth making a big deal out of.
I had a chinchilla and a rottweiler when I was young. The chinchilla would terrorize the rottweiler.
Lenny
"Were the delivery drones slower back then?"
They don't think it be like it is but it do
how do you know these pictures aren't the photoshopped pictures?
Yep, especially after a full day of hiking and fishing. It was amazing sitting by the fire and eating the fish we caught just hours earlier :)
Rainbow trout, caught in and around Lake Sabrina, California.
Russia wants to be the global superpower. They have never been comfortable with the USA being in this position.
The dossier was handed over in August. The 4chan rumor is not true.
Just to clarify a bit on who Carl Bernstein is, he's not just a "Watergate investigator". He broke the story and eventually tied Nixon to the scandal using a laundered check.
&gt; What are the allegations? and What is the evidence? That's not playing Devil's Advocate. That's not reading the dossier.
They were working to verify the sources. Watch the segment with Carl Bernstein on CNN. He explains all of this. Bernstein is the journalist who broke the Watergate scandal, by the way.
I said they want to be, not that they can be.
I think OP is saying this is a common thing they do on reality TV/documentaries.
&gt; "Just don't look at my taxes!" I joke, laughing loudly as I realize what I sincerely brilliant comedian I am. It speeds things up if you don't proofread it.
That's nothing. Chris Hadfield introduced me to Mr. Tingle's works.
How the fuck did that ever pass for a campaign slogan?
One does not simply meet with Steele.
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/jun/30/donald-trump/donald-trump-inaccurately-suggests-clinton-got-pai/
If you want to be sure, shoot them at the START of the date.
They make good catfish bait.
The fact that the other people don't seem too surprised makes me suspicious. Or maybe there was a huge school?
Eh, I feel kinda let down.
Yeah, except if you said that then you wouldn't have been included in this compilation.
That's not hard to do.
Somebody set us up the ball.
All the people saying you should just proof read your emails better before sending are going to thinking about this LPT next time they hit send and realize they missed something.
https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRP8FqTQZtmFX6UEUHjOHmBxvQymtEnQm7U_jqbLkgh5WbRSG-SY_95CgEHkg
Are you assuming I speak English?!
/u/dantevatt
How many milk?
No it's not. The words are "reversed gif".
I hope this is true, but it probably isn't.
This is awesome. Thanks. One tip, if you click the TRUJ button you should change "unexpected" to something different.
He said that "fuck" like a goddamn pro.
I always stumble across these little websites and see the wall of logos of places it's been featured and wonder why the hell hadn't I heard of it already. It's like "Featured in: Wired! Yahoo! The Telegraph! The Entire Country of Canada! The Bible!" and I'm just like WTF where have I been.
You're obviously not a golfer.
He put numbers on each frame. As far as I know, you can't do that in an action.
Can you show me an example of incrementing numbers with a Photoshop action? You can do it with a script, but not an action. I've used Photoshop for 20 years and am still learning new things about it, but I'm almost positive this is not possible.
I looked on Google. It doesn't appear to be possible without a script.
That's not an action.
&gt; I can write a photoshop action that does what the OP did with all those lines of code Like I said, I've used Photoshop for 20 years, so if you say something like this I want to know if it's true or not. You used the wrong terminology.
I didn't realize a new person jumped in. Anyway, what OP did can't be accomplished with a Photoshop action. Glad that's settled.
So are you saying... itsnotuncommon?
"Mom I really don't wanna do the breakdance lessons..." "Dammit Kevin would you stop being such a party pooper all the time?! We're all going and you're going too!!"
Thanks for the review. I've got the Predator Pro and it's a great gun and Mako has been an awesome company to deal with. Couple questions... 1) Why did you go with the enclosed track? 2) You said the flopper stays in the extended position after pulling it open? If I understand you correctly, that's exactly what it's supposed to do. Once opened it should lock into place so that it can't pull back through the fish. Or did I understand you incorrectly?
Well, you definitely don't want a free flowing flopper. You will lose fish. You want it to lock into position at about a 45 degree angle and not come back down on its own. Mako floppers tend to lock a little bit narrower than 45 degrees, but it's never caused a problem for me. If it's locking in the down position, that's bad and you definitely have a defective flopper. Here's a Rob Allen video that explains the flopper (a.k.a. barb) pretty well: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN46te8xBWk
Usually, but if you don't get a kill shot and the fish is thrashing around, the flopper can come un-extended and the spear can slide out. It usually doesn't, but I've had it happen before. I was on an island and my flopper got beat up and was sticking in the down position, so I had to bend the metal so it wouldn't lock at all. I lost two fish on that trip because of the flopper.
Saying "radical environmentalists" is a bit much, but forest rangers do tend to be more liberal and environmentally-minded. Disarming them would make sense, in a crazy conservative fascist's mind.
I just never even really thought about it. Makes a lot of sense now.
Yes, it was back when his hips were still able to hop a little bit.
I'll save you the scrolling. Yes, that is the author's username.
Even if he did have a stroke in that bed, masturbating while your friend's girlfriend is right next to you is still cheating.
Man, I know that exact look that bastard gave you. Unfortunately for me, it was only later that I realized what that look was and why he did it.
Cock dealer
It's just a prank bro
I realize everybody was happy the toddler got rescued, but they didn't have to [just toss the rescuer kid into the dirt as soon as he freed the toddler](https://youtu.be/88hqxf7iHMk?t=260).
Just put it on burst mode and don't stop until you run out of storage.
"amateur anal" = no more prolapses. Only professionals can turn that shit inside out.
Nice group, but please don't tell me that's actually where your target was set up...
Porn is what's actually on the line. Don't deny this growing lad the fulfillment of his budding hormone's sexual desires.
Once my dad learned how to find porn online we never not had high speed internet.
That's hilarious. I found a stack of Playboys in the woods behind my friend's house. It was the greatest day of my life.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCY6uKE1Dq8
I'd totally hang out with them.
i concur
Man you run a tight ship. Do you at least let him look at porn on his birthday and holidays?
They're famous
And the kid is apparently married too
Child protective services
They also want you to buy a new phone...
it's time for africa...
Thanks!
Every question related to Russia and the current administration he has said he cannot answer in an open session. It's an ongoing investigation, so he can't comment on it. It doesn't mean it's true and it doesn't mean it's false.
Thanks for clarifying. That makes it a lot more interesting.
He cannot talk about anything "smoking gun" worthy in an open session.
Trump has so many ties to Russia. It's difficult to imagine he was really left out of the loop. If anything, he was strategically left out of the loop and turned a blind eye so that no trails could lead back to him.
He's not allowed to talk about anything classified in this session. He's repeatedly said he can't comment. The closed session is where the good stuff can come out.
The goddamn neck always gets tucked in...
You're a good sport.
MVP = you
What did you expect? Comey to release information that's part of an ongoing investigation?
I told that officer "I stopped jerkin it at the public library so you have no right to pull me over for not using my blinker"
or Trump
I actually like the style of the old one more.
tough crowd
That also has to do with the harsh shadows.
A bit late here, but there's a place in Los Angeles called Young Dong Music Studio.
I've spent a good portion of my life savings of karma on this sub.
Reddit is a global community. English might not be his first language. Or he's just a dingus.
Except for life.
Did you ever think that maybe that family was part of a science experiment and the triplets are actually clones?
M'lady
Fellow expat here living a couple hours away from you. How do you guys balance the party/drinking lifestyle with your training? Do you set rules for your students?
It wasn't a complete disaster... we got a pretty good movie out of it.
Daewon Song
The guy literally said he wants to fuck you. A girl in a relationship should not be hanging out with a guy like that and pretending to be boyfriend and girlfriend at his parent's house. I'd be fucking furious is my girlfriend did something like that and I'd most likely break up with her.
"It's already halfway in"
A 180? She knew already he was creepy.
JFK's portrait is pretty damn cool. And sad.
Well then who the hell painted it?
I gotta agree with that. The concept with the glow in the dark sheet is really cool, but the editing feels cliche and cheesy. Then there's a scream thrown in there that just seems like a forced attempt to be creative and edgy. Anyway, the girl looks a bit younger so I'm assuming the person who made this is younger too. Maybe college students? There's definitely a lot of talent here and it takes time before you can really refine everything you've taken in over the years into your own unique style.
I totally forgot about Flash Screen! Crazy being reminded of these toys...
Here we are.
I get this reference.
A video of a cat in a window barking like a dog was recently on the front page. It turned out that the cat was in heat.
So you're saying your butthole is magic?
Seems like it could be because the shape of the crater captures water more easily.
This one does/did happen. I'm in my 30s and when I was younger I remember our housecleaners were originally from the states. No accent or anything. A few years later and they were all Russian.
The original post we're all replying to just said "immigrants" so I assumed it meant legal and illegal immigrants.
Those companies could still be profitable hiring workers for minimum wage and including basic benefits. The problem is they can be *more* profitable by exploiting immigrants, so that's what they do.
Companies have always found people who will take a shitty job. No matter how shitty the job, someone would take it. The companies know the job is shitty so employee turnover is high, but they'll always find someone to do it.
I gave up on comments a long time ago, but I just upvoted your comment.
Trump is treating this like one of his shady businesses. If you created a business that's doing things that might not be completely legal and an employee of yours seems like he may be getting close to stumbling on bad shit you've been doing through the company, you would just fire that employee before they got too far.
Wow. Usually I'm disappointed when I learn how a trick is done. It's incredible how he can analyze and flip those cards at such an insane speed while remaining inconspicuous.
Obviously it worked.
Go act crazy in front of his house so he calls the cops. Then if we see you on the news we can confirm your story.
He has to make sure his signature was the biggest one.
When they justify their actions using religion, it's completely relevant.
Obstruction. He admitted to firing Comey because of the Russia investigation.
Aka the anal invaders
RemindMe! 1 week
When I was a teenager we would go to my school at night and get drunk.
My eyes are hot and steamy or something, cause mask fogging is the bane of my existence. I've burned off the factory coating. Spit does absolutely nothing. I have to use dish soap and barely wash it out so there's a good coating on the lenses. If any water gets in, it gets soapy and gets in my eyes. Any less than that and it starts fogging.
That's awesome. Do you just rub the waxy leaves on the lenses? I live in Thailand so maybe there's something similar here.
That's a great idea. It should be much easier on my eyes than dish soap. Thanks!
Back to you, Stan.
Honestly, it does kind of help. Their old branding looked like a public utility.
That sub is addicting. Be careful.
In that picture he is definitely spreading.
That's how my wife and I met.
You're not supposed to let it touch the food? Shit, I used to microwave my food with the saran wrap on until the saran wrap was melted onto the food.
If it's true who cares?
&gt; sometimes sometimes 100% of the time
So it's kind of like the one ring, where it gives you incredible abilities but slowly drains your life force. This explains Hawking's condition.
Don't his eyes work ok? Couldn't the position of his eye be used to point to letters on a display?
I think his show is hilarious.
Programming and starting and running a business aren't real skills?
From his post it sounds like school was a horrible experience. I don't blame him.
Yeah he was like "omg he said fuck is it ok if i laugh too???"
When you're that powerful and influential and have been surrounded by subordinates and ass kissers for that long, they probably supported these ideas and let him believe his crazy beliefs were as good as fact.
I have a feeling this is what it sounded like when Frank Abagnale, Jr. was posing as an airline pilot (Leonardo DiCaprio in Catch Me If You Can)
Except that they boil the dogs while still alive because it supposedly keeps the meat more tender.
Nowadays more and more people are killing them quickly before boiling them. The reason you're supposed to boil lobsters alive, or immediately after they were killed, is because it can be dangerous if you don't.
If you only watch and read Fox News and Breitbart, Trump is doing a wonderful job and those pesky liberals are getting in the way of real progress. The Russia thing? "There's nothing there, it's liberals overreacting."
I'm just waiting for him to get impeached so finally they HAVE to listen.
Judging by the size of her hand, there's a lot of forced perspective going on here.
Yeah, no doubt it's a bigger fish, but definitely not 50+ years old.
Wow, thanks for the awesome explanation!
I don't see anything wrong as long as you're following the rules and regs! I'd love to eat that fish...
No way keep it up here! When I said there's forced perspective going on, I wasn't trying to imply that you were doing it on purpose. Sorry about that.
You got 868 upvotes. That's really impressive. The vast majority of people think your fish is awesome. You shouldn't let a few comments ruin it for you :)
Haha no worries. Better to have the gloves on and not get stabbed if he tries to get away. You're lucky to get to fish in those waters. I miss eating cold water fish...
Yeah I hate when that happens.
I read that as pancakes at first and it made sense. I've been wasted and gone to waffle house at like 5am and those pancakes sobered me right up.
i used to do hard drugs and it wasn't because that's the only way i knew how to cope with the stresses of real world problems. it's because it was fucking fun.
I think what he meant was yelling at him to wake up. Like when the cop yelled loudly at the guy. If I remember correctly that's what you're supposed to do. Basically yell loudly at them until they wake up and slap them around a bit.
That quote came directly from the Assistant to the President for Domestic Affairs and people will still write it off as a conspiracy theory.
Yes, and the problem was created by our government as a means to control the population.
Or for people who can't even read the damn article because it's behind a paywall.
I knew about the knuckle to the sternum thing cause my friends used to think it was hilarious. Hurt like hell. I didn't know it was also used for people OD'ing.
Ok, so reading all these explanations, it actually sounds like he did a good thing.
Bite your lip i'm going in dry
Colbert is a fisherman?
http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000474/awards &gt; Showing all 64 wins and 39 nominations
If you haven't heard of Michael Keaton, you're obviously oblivious to many things, so I assumed Google was included.
$10? What year was this? Average price is about 1,500 baht or about $45.
It depends where you go. Some places are only about $30, some places are up to $60 or more. Sometimes if you go to a girl bar instead of a massage place, you have more time to chat so you can get the price lower.
If they have guns and they say to do anything, just fucking do it. You may be right, you may be wrong, but it's not worth dying over.
"You have a gun pointed at me, but I'm gonna not listen to what you're telling me to do."
Apparently from the comments here it's not uncommon for any utility worker to have the cops called on them.
Let's see how it plays out.
The dead people didn't follow orders. Sorry, but if you do what they tell you, you won't die. It's fucked up and it's a huge problem, but you have to know where you stand in the grand scheme. If a cop has a gun pointed at you, you need to listen. Right or wrong. Stop talking and do it. Prove your innocence later.
The Monaco black card isn't meant to be a mainstream card. There's only 999 of them. The Monaco blue card requires no token lockup. It's 100% free including shipping. If the only benefit of TenX is that the product is in the market you guys should be worried about competition coming out with a better product, Monaco or whoever else.
They had to made adjustments based on new regulations. That's pretty unfair to call it lying. Btw, this is exactly what TenX is currently having to do. Neither Monaco nor TenX have come out with their new rewards structure yet.
"Cryptocurrency in every wallet" is not a simple goal.
I gotta give another nod to Monaco. Long term Monaco is doing everything right.
I think it has to do with WaveCrest and not necessarily the business model. But we don’t know. That’s why TenX really needs to communicate with us.
I saw the bitpay email and it said they’re permanently closing their customer’s accounts. Hard not to worry...
Sorry, but you're 100% wrong. TenX is a prepaid card. It is not a debit card.
It's a directive from Visa to cancel all WaveCrest accounts.
TenX is a prepaid card, not a true debit card.
I've never been comfortable with the "Monaco doesn't have a card" argument. You realize that can change at any time, right? Monaco literally has 500,000 cards ready to have names printed on them.
Monaco issued a press release announcing their partnership. There’s no way they could do that if it wasn’t true. Monaco is an approved Visa program manager, and they’re the only crypto company to have been approved.
Monaco has 500,000 cards ready to have names printed on them and shipped out.
It's permanent.
Yeah like other people have said Centra has a lot of shady sh!t that really makes me not trust them. Fake people and bio photos on their website, the founders having to leave the company, lawsuits, etc. etc. etc. At least they finally got a CEO a few days ago LOL. It's unfortunate there's not more options right now. MTL is going to get delisted from Bittrex on the 12th so that one isn't a great option. The Monaco card looks pretty damn cool but no way to know when it'll be shipping.
The choice is clear? LOL! Have you researched Centra at all? Yes, fake bios and photos on their website. The person "Michael Edwards" on their website was using a photo of a physiology professor in Canada (who had nothing to do with Centra). Another person on their website, Kumar Singh, was using a photo of Yogesh Saini who is another professor and has nothing to do with Centra. When someone questioned them about it they threatened to sue him. There's tons of articles outlining all the shadiness that is Centra. Huffington Post wrote a good one: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/27/technology/how-floyd-mayweather-helped-two-young-guys-from-miami-get-rich.html Some juicy bits: &gt; The first cracks in the project appeared in early August when a programmer, Harry Denly, wrote on his blog that Mr. Edwards appeared to be made up. The photo on Centra’s website was a photo of a Canadian physiology professor who had no relation to Centra — and none of the details on Mr. Edwards’s LinkedIn profile, like his work experience at Bank of America and Wells Fargo, checked out. &gt; Centra initially threatened to sue Mr. Denly but then said the bad profiles were the result of freelancers who had hastily put together the company’s marketing material. The LinkedIn profile was deleted. There's just the tip of the iceberg. So, if you think the choice is clear, you've either done absolutely no research, or you're a Centra shill. I'm going with the latter.
You're shilling Centra all over the place. At least try and make it not so obvious.
Hahaha. Just going to ignore the HUGE red flags huh? Well good luck with Centra. There's other cards that are working right now, btw.
That's not true. There are other cards that are out and working just fine and have not been affected by this.
This is true.
TenX has not been approved as a Visa Program Manager. I’ve personally asked this question and received no response and their official documentation (terms and conditions I believe) says they are not program managers. If they were allowed to say they’re a program manager then they would have said so already. They’re probably in the application process right now.
Yeah check out http://www.mona.co/cards
The "Meltdown" and "Spectre" bugs have been patched already. Keep your software and system up to date. This doesn’t really have anything to do with the Monaco App.
&gt; My theory is that she did it once, and we came home, so now she does it every time we leave to ensure that we come back. Like a doggy superstition. Basically how religion started.
Issuing their own cards is on the roadmap for Q3 2019. And that's just the issuing license. It doesn't say when they'll start issuing their own cards. I wouldn't expect that until at least 2020.
I didn't even realize it in Keanu's picture until seeing this photo, but what they're trying to do is not only not touch them, but also make sure their hands are fully visible in the photo.
This is not good investment advice. Always remember this simple phrase: “Only invest what you can afford to lose.”
&gt; however assuming (my guess) it is Wirecard that means Monaco who is also talking to Wirecard according to what I've heard won't get cards issued until after TenX is getting cards already... (this is just my interpretation/speculation.) Monaco isn't just "talking" to WireCard, they've been Monaco's issuer since the beginning. Monaco's sponsoring bank for their Visa Program Manager status is also WireCard. Speculating that TenX will get priority for some reason is a bit naive, IMO.
It went down because there was no news. Now it’s down more because of Bitcoin.
Is this a lame FUD attempt? What on earth would you expect the answer to this question to be? That Monaco will automatically fix the microchip flaw or something?
All of TenX's cards (and many other crypto card company's cards) were permanently canceled. You're not fucked, you just have to wait until TenX makes a deal for new cards with their new issuer.
It was never said what it is, so it could be anything.
Black cards from the ICO do not require MCO token lockup.
The promise was the first 500 contributors and top 500 contributors get black cards. No token lockup required. This is still the deal. It hasn’t changed.
Monaco cards are free... you just need to lock up tokens for 6 months and then you get them back.
I've followed every single Q&amp;A. He has never said what the uppercut will be.
He said the uppercut will come when we least expect it, but nothing about what it is. The credit and investing features are part of the "two unannounced features", which have been talked about for a while and are not the knockout/uppercut. I could be wrong though, it's hard to follow everything that was said.
This is a very misleading headline.
You really need to see the whole show in context. He decided to try it so he could understand why it’s so in demand. He concluded the broth is good, but that’s about it. If you watch the whole segment you can see he has absolutely no intention of supporting the industry. It was insane the danger he put himself in to expose the truth. It really changed my opinion of him. Mad respect.
This might not be underwater. Hard to tell. Either way, I imagine it as being underwater and it creeps me out.
Most tokens that supposedly have a purpose could easily be replaced with fiat and it would actually simplify things. Just because a platform or app supports a token doesn’t mean the token is suddenly given utility. In most cases they’re just swapping fiat for crypto so they can start an ICO. In my opinion once the markets stabilize somewhat and these crazy crypto gains are less common, people will be looking at tokens that actually have a justifiable purpose and real benefits/rewards for the holder. Hopefully TenX can figure out how to do this and still remain compliant.
It had nothing to do with crypto or TenX not having a banking license or anything like that. WaveCrest kept breaking Visa's rules and they paid the price. Unfortunately every company under WaveCrest also paid the price.
If someone developed something that wouldn't need Visa, it would just be a competitor to Visa. So, why not just use Visa?
You're right. Most card companies were using WaveCrest because they were lax on the rules and were signing up new card companies left and right. Eventually they paid the price.
&gt; Not necessarily. People are always free to buy insurance for as many poor people as they want. They just don't have the right to tax other people in order to do so. Your reasoning is insane. That simply doesn’t work in the real world.
&gt; Not another of the “we are literally reinventing the internet with AI robots and the world will never be the same after us” bullshit you see from a lot of coins now Yeah, but it IS another "we are literally doing something that's already been done without blockchain but somehow we're going to become a multi-billion dollar company!"
$250 million in startup capital?! That just... doesn’t sound right.
Can anyone recommend an easily digestible resource about the CIA/crack cocaine relationship? I told my dad this is basically proven and he didn’t believe me. Maybe a documentary from a reputable source?
I guess maybe I’m lucky but I have an iPhone 6 that I always keep up to date and it’s still really fast. My girlfriend has an iPhone 5 that’s up to date and there’s no lags for her either.
Ok, so it sounds like a useful technology. Calling it some type of revolution I think is way overhyping it.
All TenX cards were permanently cancelled. People have to wait for new cards from a different issuer before they can start spending crypto with TenX again.
There are others, but it depends where you live. Centra supposedly has cards in the USA right now, but I think it's only for a select few people. I think some other companies have cards out. Sorry but I can't remember who.
I’d really like them to do an AMA.
There are already other crypto cards out which work. TenX definitely won't be the first.
I hadn’t heard this story before, but maybe Vedder just added him as a co-writer to make sure Echols would have financial support after he was out of prison?
I believe Centra is currently working in the USA. Not sure if they support ETH though. Personally though I would avoid Centra. Their history has way too many red flags for me to trust them with my finances.
rite
ermagherd bert sherpies
Awesome!
Donald Mikhailov Fox News Herbert Camacho Trump
I wouldn't listen to other people about the dogs being completely fine and mellow in the daytime. Sometimes that's true, sometimes it's not. Carry a thick stick and don't act like you're scared of them. If you have definite proof you were deceived then I would get in touch with the tourist police. Their phone number is 1155.
If WireCard is indeed the issuer then what Julian said about TenX being first in line is BS. Monaco was with WireCard long before TenX was.
Giving them a zeroed out invoice is a great idea
You can get a good look at a butcher's ass...
This was in Thailand so I guarantee there were hundreds of phones all recording this flight. I’ll ask my wife to search for it in the Thai language and see if we can find another version.
I believe he meant he is like an erupting volcano that Sanders was running from.
Coral definitely does not occupy any vacant space within the ocean.
Or it’s actually kinda funny? I don’t usually upvote but I’m gonna upvote this post cause you guys are being so weird about it getting votes.
Are you really so autistic you can’t figure out what the joke is?
That sounds normal for a post like this. It’s a joke, not some discussion piece.
It was the Japanese boats trying to get upskirt shots.
They need to go William Wallace on his ass.
I saw steps to build a mosquito trap online that consisted of a plastic bottle cut a certain way filled with a mixture of yeast and sugar. At that time I lived on a slow moving river and mosquitos were thick every night. I had the trap out there for 4 days and 3 nights. After that whole time the only thing in the trap was two flies. Not a single mosquito went inside.
Doesn't yeast ferment faster in warm weather? I live in the tropics. It's like 32 celcius (~90f) every day. I remember I could smell the yeast pretty easily when I was near it.
You can't say something like that and then not show us photos of you. I mean, are you dressed like Arwen or more like Gandalf?
I never upvote cat pics but this one got my vote
Criminals love idiots in positions of power.
*To the version of Excel that was the latest version when deliberation began, which is Excel 2000.
M’point
You saw Dubai through the eyes of a paying tourist. It’s awesome you had such a good time, but your experience doesn’t negate the extremely dark side of Dubai.
I moved to Thailand almost a decade ago. I didn’t even begin to understand what really goes on here until I started learning the language and hanging out with people who didn’t speak a word of English nor had any interest in learning it.
Can confirm
You sent him head first into the deep end.
This guy Republicans.
I just got here from the front page of my Home tab...
If a few African children didn't bleed or die while procuring your wedding ring's diamond, then it isn't true love.
It's not about the costs to file for divorce. It's having to pay your own rent, buy your own car, your own phone plan instead of a family plan, etc. Especially if only one of you is working and the other is taking care of the house and/or children. It's nearly impossible to break up unless you have strong support from family or good friends.
I wrote Tim Cook an email due to my MacBook having a GPU issue, but my warranty was expired. Someone else replied, but they agreed to do the repairs even though I had no warranty. That’s something that would’ve never happened in an Apple Store. Eventually they admitted models from that year had serious problems and started a repair program.
They’re just saving the unsaved text file to a temporary folder. That’s completely unrelated.
They're common in the pay fishing parks. Redtail catfish from South America are very popular too. It's a lot of fun spending a day at one of the parks. When the bite is on it's non-stop action on huge exotic fish. I went to TopCats and caught 9 redtail catfish, 2 mekong catfish, a giant siamese carp, and an arapaima. It was awesome.
Yeah the lake was teaming with retails. My arapaima took about 10 minutes also. It had one or two really strong runs and then came in kinda easy. The mekong was the strongest fish by far, but it wasn't a huge one so I didn't get too long of a fight. I think it was about 70 pounds and maybe a 20 minute fight? Good thing with mekongs is the pay fishing lakes for locals (non-touristy lakes) have them, so I've caught quite a few more at lakes that cost like 5 bucks for a whole day of fishing. You don't catch as many fish, but I had one near my old house so I was fishing there once or twice a week.
Yeah but if you're on vacation with a limited amount of time I'd say it's better to pay more and increase your odds :) If you're ever back in Thailand and want some recommendations let me know!
I want to believe that’s really you... Help me believe
That’s not true. His felony isn’t known at this time. People misread the article.
You've been subscribed to Gene facts! [i] Gene Wilder became the first freshman to win the All-School Fencing Championship.
A lot of these GoPro-type cameras are wide angle, so it actually could be a lot closer than it looks.
Her jacket literally said, "I REALLY DON'T CARE, DO U?" How is that even remotely similar to Obama wearing a certain color suit?
I can't believe I'm reading an article about Tom Cruise's teeth.
They’re creating demand for the token. Something most serious investors want in a crypto company they invest in.
This is really cool
It’s been awesome seeing your channel get more and more popular. You deserve it! When can we expect to see the video with this salmon?
Most people will probably eat lab grown meat once they begin large scale production and get the flavor right.
Because we all know this is exactly what’s underneath us when we can’t see the bottom.
Yeah I'm anxiously awaiting Samuel L. Jackson and Bruce Willis to tie the knot.
He probably thought it would turn him into some religious right hero.
That’s weird, I didn’t know that. I don’t care much for papaya, but I do like durian. I live in Thailand so I eat both of them fairly often.
Foosball is the DEVIL.
This makes me uncomfortable.
Doesn’t that seem too risky though? Pushing it down and keeping it low for 4 years seems like they could risk permanently damaging the market and killing investor confidence.
Upvote and upvote. This is bullshit.
You can’t just appreciate good sounds?
A lot of very talented artists add effects to their voice to get the sound they’re looking for. It’s called making music.
I still haven't figured out why people learn to hold baitcasters with their left hand. I'm right handed but I use left handed bait casters. Being right-handed it just makes sense to hold the reel with my right hand.
That's really cool of you to offer.
Yeah but getting a massive rats nest with thin braid can be brutal. I hit or tree or something with 20 lb. braid and the nest was so bad that after a couple days of trying to work it out I had to start cutting.
If you're just bait-and-wait fishing in the surf with heavier baits and weight you don't need to, but when you're lure fishing you're typically using lighter weight baits/lures, so being able to wade into the water gives you more casting distance. You don't have to go into the water, but I do find that extra distance gets me more fish.
Exactly. Cranking with your right hand makes sense for big fish, but for bass and other fish I prefer to hold the rod with my right hand and crank with my left. It's much more natural to finesse the bait with my dominant hand. I know a lot of people would disagree, but I believe if right handed people were taught to hold baitcasters with their right hands when they're first learning they'd have an easier time using baitcasters.
I mean, isn’t any picture fair game on r/pics?
Your wife is in the spectrum?
Definitely jerk chicken. And find a popular recipe that takes time to prepare, not some quick recipe. Proper jerk chicken is fucking amazing.
They're also wearing nice outfits and bow ties. If there wasn't a snooker table in the middle you could actually mistake it for church.
The guy’s channel is Young Bloods Spearfishing. He’s always filming.
Was Facebook really that much in control of your life? I use it to talk to friends and family and when I'm bored I'll look at what people are sharing. I can stay away from Facebook all day and not think about it. I figured my Facebook habits are pretty normal. What are people doing on Facebook where you can feel like a new person by not using it?
Billy Thorpe LOL
It’s a small price to pay for all the FREEDOM we have!!! /s
lol
TenX doesn't seem to be worried about compliance as much as [Crypto.com](https://Crypto.com). They're still saying they'll support instant crypto-to-fiat conversion at the time of purchase, even though [Crypto.com](https://Crypto.com) has said Visa won't allow it. It seems TenX is taking the approach of just doing it and dealing with the consequences later. It's a bold strategy. Let's see how it plays out.
Thanks for trying. Unfortunately I can't remember enough details to locate it.
Thanks! I'll check it out. Didn't know about that site.
Nope not Redline
YES! Dude, I found it on [bmxmuseum.com](https://bmxmuseum.com) like 5 seconds before you commented! It's actually the "Killer Bee"
I found it! It was the Balance Killer Bee! Thanks man!!
Where is this? Looks like places I’ve fished in California but I guess it could be anywhere.
Then why does my asshole turn into an active volcano after eating aspartame?
Personally I feel like hummus and celery are both too bland to go together. Hummus has a very mild taste and celery is watery, so when they’re chewed together it just makes a watery, bland bean paste.
I still haven’t learned it. Care to explain?
