OVO 12s are coming out this summer lol
does Mango have an Ali? How to cop bro?
but dont get the turtle doves... i would stick with the Tans or the PBs cos u wont get called out for the pattern (the biggest flaw w/the 70$ yeezys)
YES GUCCI GOGGLES I WOULD COP! Make em affordable and qualiT
thats a different wallet than what this guy is looking for ^^
Just ordered the French blues from him, but I didn't wait for him to update the price on the shoes (should be 80 I copped for 50 and DHL for 10) should I be worried
I was thinking about getting moonrocks also, but im leaning towards tans cos the pattern is less visible. and the sole of the Moonrocks supposedly has a greenish tint or something along those lines. I would play it safe and cop the PB or OT
those DS bro?
from where did you cop them and what are the flaws on the shoes??
honestly thats the whole rep game in a nutshell... the chinese fam can eazily make perfect fakes but why when there are hypebeasts buying ish for 10x retail
yes!!! espeically with UNHS not being gucci rn... Ali bape hoodies also ples
does he got a size 12??
try adding water to the MTN dew and dilute the amount u drink eventually u wont like the taste
I actually dont know, but when i asked if they have the "nips"/dots he seemed to know what i was talking about and linked me to his yupoo, and he apprently does have size 11.5 (EU 46) in certain styles so that would fit me (a US 12)
DAMN. Probs only in fucking california sounds lit tho 16 mins of glory
shit... never lucky willing to sell the jersey
because i have seen bapemen's store for a while now and remember it had a lot of pages lol
nice fam wish i could find a size 12
ill buy it for 10$
sorry fam... theres not even TTS XL out... btw if ur only 148 lbs theres no way u wear XXL fam... im 5 11 and like 200 and wear an L-XL
oh lol good!!! i think it looks good... champion reps usually arent hard to get right but this is the first batch so lets see
could u remove that real quik? then its all gucci
YES THIS IS HEAT
they high key on the come up damn
i wanna c dis
i have size 15 retail nmds ill sell to u for cheap
how do i fix it? i assumed thats what it was BUT didn't know how to fix it :(
yeah ik just used to seeing overpriced shit out here nice to see semi-affordable ;) (CHEAP ASS SPEAKING BTW)
oh lmao good point ;)
any pics fam?
AY I WAS BORN IN TEXAS YEET
how much were those?
Nope. It has flaws. But is the only batch u can get so scoop it from tao instead it's like 300Y=45$ roughly so u tag that in a haul and u good. But winter is almost over Btw peep search bar for what the flaws r... I forgot but they r minor is what I remember. Jacket still fresh as fuck
Please do god bless
45 is us 11 bro. Ik bc 46 is sz 12
Yeah they go of EU bro. 45=qq
Doesn't actually exist and is V cheap do not cop
They releasing GR soon tho
Not anymore decided I liked em too much...
God bless u just no size 12 ;(
Found this a while back was gonna cop but messaged seller and they sold out :((( maybe they back in stock tho
Any bapestas in a 12 plsss
Any kkth tbh such a clean brand
What bigger sizes?? 12?!
That's what I was sad about :(( please try and find size 12... Want more ultra boost in size 12 please bro
They coming out GR soon that's why reps r being made lmao
They r coming out GR soon
Dis a high quality flex I wanna get this over the supreme one
No retail are :/ Unfortunately all the reps I've seen are gone now bro I'm sry. I've seen old reviews with em tho
When I say GR I should have said limited GR. It's gonna b like every other hype release and ofc sell out. But these vlone kicks only came out at complexcon as a small sample size. But they coming out for realZ soon apparsn
This a W
Belt please thanks
I opened the image just to enjoy that 😂😂😂
Think they good bro. Like mango quality shit
you can literally get a DS pair for way less bro gonna have to charge less than like 140$ (whatever the going rate is for the latest batch) at the very least. If its an older batch gonna b harder to sell for that price as well. Pics would b useful too ahha
BRUH this a real thing come on bape we dont want to make hypebeasts into virgins :( Oh wait... too late
Same bro :( big Bois we out here
I think it's a kids piece lololol
Where did u cop the breds from? Interested to cop
Only till 11 bro... 1:1 repPAIN no bigger sizes
Yeah ur right I was being a pretentious fuck lmao just so many fake Travis fans that only fw antidote at my school like it's a good song but the people ruined it for me Owl Pharaoh fans out here too dang FashionReps got depth
Lmk QC when u get it b
Some clean KITH stuff like with the small logo
Yessir they the best ones in that price range :)
Motherfkn price is a year I'm dead 😂😂😂
Yo the creams better have size 12
Ohhhhh yeah I gotchu. Also I bet this is some cheap af screen print shit but I'm still gonna buy it lmaoo
+15$ Wu fee? And how's the leather quality? More like 2016 breds or true to SSB retail
Lin has supreme x timbs with minor flaws
Nice bro
W2c ur shirt tho And that shelf lol
Yes. As a person in this situation I understand this
That shirt Fuego. Wish tao could get my ass some nice XL bape tees
From Lin dude. I forgot price but it kinda high like 70$-90$ I think
AliPay?! Aliexpress cops or his tao store
I'm a 34-36 and it measured out to fit me right. Skinny fit tho if u got thicc thighs ur not even gonna wanna try em on (like in my case)
People have said it fits up to a 40 o.O
Get the cheaper batch of the tiger hoodie. Theres only one batch and it's super good only like 200Y also
It's not the one child law anymore they changed it bro
Such a damn shame. It's so simple smh rep makers
Come on man so much hate on bape :((( It's just a fun brand to wear. But u can't wear two pieces at the same time that's an L
My duuude let's get it. If u ain't copping from the clearance section at a clearance store ur not a real FashionRepsBoi Seriously that's me tho
Bruh. Too soon.
Or nexus 5x cases
I saw a rep for a Gucci blazer
Sure lemme get home first
I rather cop the tao ones that are not 1:1... But I guess that makes sense if the blanks r that expensive
Good to know. I thought it was all one batch.
Interested in palace shirt XL
Change country to China then try ordering bud
No OVO reps bro... Only the shit shit shit print ones u can also get on Amazon. They have the Jordan X OVO hoodie that's 1:1 and pretty good
Try r/repsneakers
Yo how much did all this cost to ship...
I can fw the camo air forces bro nice. Hope they cheap too ;) ALSO PLEASE TRY AND FIND BAPESTAS SIZE 12 HMU
yeah thats a good idea.
FOR ALL OF IT?!! thas a steal
oooohh that cool b. Still not too expensive. I would have expected more ;)
WOAH WHERE TO COP
this
YO just cop via taobao and plan to pick it up from a hotel deadass
gang rape. thank god they didnt make this super cheap else everyone and they mama gonna have it lol
The watermark on the pictures says UNHS.net if you look so that must mean that UNHS.net = TrendyClub... like they the same person... thats crazy to me always expected they to b seperate
how much for that ASAP shirt i would wear that
GL BRO
please educate me! i just saw the UNHS.net watermark and havent seen it posted so i shared :/
any w2c on these? i need dat XL
honestly wanna just cop it just to see what the fuck turns up ahah
Right here fam! https://www.reddit.com/r/FashionReps/comments/5nvat2/fs_fog_joggers_and_halfzip_maybe_bape/
NICE BRO U ABOUT TO MAKE FUCKING BANK. Supreme x LV is gonna resell for an arm and a leg bc u know all the celebs are gonna have to have it aha
Huh didn't know UAE made shit too damn
Whos ETG? Is he the engraved BOGO dude
Not usually THAT cheap. But it's nice when they go to clearance then it's affordable.
YES PLEASE. Iove vape hate the sharks n shit looks tacky IMO pls don't hate me. UNHS.net had the all camo bape hoodies with the bape logo on the front so clean
What backpack was it lol
Ay I got retail DS NMDs size 15 that might fit u bro.
as a person with more jackets than shirts I AGREE
my friend copped these for 5$ and 10$ just the other day... we live in seattle
DAMN. thats a good sale
Woah that's wild
V rare to find NMDs in size 13... Jordan's and Yeezy 350/750 do however. I saw some yuppoo seller with fucking size 18 750s but they can't make other reps biggwr
Ah that sucks :((
Math is a bitch rn
Damn shit not cheap tho
Me too lmaoo I'm hungry af
How do u know the price?
There's only one batch of these matey they on tao for 220Y
She left??
It's referencing the Steak sauce which is the best. So yes they the best
What about the OT bro how r those
Kinstorstyle or kinstor23
Reps sucked of these dw
More pics I'm interested
But on Jordan's and other shit. U my new plug b where u at
man that feels bad
w2c it buddy
yeah i like the MR but the reps are unfortunate
Looks like something that the big sellers have, but for like half the price. Is this worth a cop? ALSO PLEASE SHARE SOME GOOD WINDBREAKERS YALL HAVE COPPED looking for some spring succ edit: found this as well - https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?spm=2013.1.20141002.4.WRlFOg&amp;scm=1007.10009.70205.100200300000001&amp;id=535496703630&amp;pvid=eaaab2ae-c26f-4f2e-88dd-992bedb3d4e5
w2c b
did u end up getting the palace ottoman windbreaker?
yea im aware of that but im debating whether i should opt for agents or naw this time around... agents overcharge for shipping so much i got 10.7 kg shipped directly for 68$
its 3kg, but its pretty big so the dimesnsions r probs wild
yeah we dont know where to find those 1:1 ones just yet. I believe 1:1 reps are always out there just in hiding
goddam these guys need to chill
what brands are u into other than ovo?? (sorry that was a cruel joke it sucks that there r no OVO reps even tho its such a fucking easy brand to replicate)
Check out my man nelly for big boy shit. or pablo merch and ASSC if u have big feet check my latest post
That's what made me sad
W2C off white?
I got the retail all white one bro.
And those fucking kithstas
Yooo prices r rape for those 950s :(((
Good it ain't just me lmaoo
Nope it's DS with tags not even taken outta the bag. Didn't mean to buy it meant to cop the shoes and killed myself when I checked out from the wrong tab aha How much would u pay for it?
Well it actually costs money just very little lmao
Damn two other Indians we out here gang
What's ur prices now friendo
Where did u gettem from and why u sellin
Where in Canada?
I got it in an XL
But what r prices bro Edit: way cheaper to buy from tao
Idk man my experience with stores not on tao is pretty shitty... But u can GP for sure. Just be careful about shirts less than 20$
Do u wear it a lot?? Like I think it would be a nice spring flex but I would probs wear a lot aha
Yeah but they ain't making the good batch anymore :(((
Yo I like the FOG hoodie!!!! It's a good layering piece!
For how much?M I would love a pair of bapestas in a size 12/13 especially kithstas
Did u GP this btw?
Any pics of how it looks
Any idea in sizing
Did ya gp it how is it
I've heard that the cheaper batch of this has bad embroidery of the S but ay for 70Y some one GP after CNY
Good shit man god bless u
On the edges? Does that mean that the white color one doesn't have the flaw?
Yes we need some
Coach jacket! There is a batch floating around use search bar
Ayyy lmao glad to see it's still helping the fam
Cool bro! Is there a big streetwear scene there? like bape n shit
Yeah i would still send a message now on all platforms so it shows exactly when u figured out something went wrong. Then try and let them figure it out after CNY
hmm this is a good point might be a good idear
shit the price went up on this. used to be able to get a really good batch for like 120Y :((
yes check dhgate
lets make r/FashionReps great again
we on this ultralight beam ;)
Costco has one really similar to this style just no supreme branding... It kept me warm AF Peep my recent post for this non Hypebeast asthetic if ur into that
Yooo does he have the fucking necklace tho
Please let me know fam would love this
Closest I've seen to a kth rep is a pull over
Do u know if line deals can ship Y3??
hell yea
damn the sweatshirt pants tho...
reps for the sleepingbag were actually found LMAO
god bless u
u got a pair? how are they and what color u cop
honestly all of them that have BASF and are not OG (apparently those suck)
which colr? im tryna cop soon and wanna figure out which is the best most versatile colorways... tbh i like em all aha
Search bar fam. But epacket is shit about 2-3 weeks friend. If u care about $$$ cost and time it takes ur cucked lmao just settle somewhere... Line deals is the best price for non branded shit idk if they take adidas nmds
Got FOG joggers and half zip Sherpa XL DS
XL DS Fog half zip Sherpa and joggers Based on location I could meet up (I'm in Seattle)
Where in Canada bro
Half zip fog Sherpa DS
Oh I thought u meant the windbreaker thing. The steep tech is real f'show I copped retail :)
No idea. I just know it was normally at 340Y but CNY hit and it all of a sudden went down in price (this guys whole store went on sale he has good sales. The 40Y bape shirt he has is amazing) I have links for the 350Y one as well. That's why I believe it's the same batch. However there's some flaw with the teeth according to some dudes here
flaws on OW?
thanks mang!
damn i wish the TLOP merch was not retail bro... i can afford them reps not retail lmao
On the front logo I mean. Patches are hella good on these.
Was this brand new as well?
Haha I just got this tried it on, and fit like a bag. I'd like to get my money back and cover shipping but can adjust any offers you guys are willing to make!
Damn a retail? these shits go for like 1000$ lmao. Def unnoticeable when u wear, but i wanted to try and get the better batch u know :S
PK 2nd. Sorry should have stated that in the title. It has the correct boost and ridges to the sole shape
Man u have posted this a lot. I would have copped but I don't really wanna pay international shipping :/
US of A bro.
Damn W2C them UNC Jordan's bro?? I'm a size 12
Yo she finesses dudes. Don't do business w/her. Lots of b&amp;s with shitty batches so b woke. Mango got best probs, and bugs #2
it was a while ago so it was like 120$ shipped i believe?? rn he has mango quality jordans (H12 factory) for less than mangos rape prices which is why i fw him ima cop some breds and y3 boosts from him soon
while this is the best Stoney seller its def not 0.99:1 bro... quite far from that i believe. much better than the shitty batches out there and still lotsa hype that they makin shit
dam thot it would be a gucci supreme bogo keychain
man really wanna pull the trigger on both those 12s :///
PM me bro i got PBs size 12.5 ediths 4th and 750s size 12
Royals dont have rape resale. I can barely get 220$ now for my retail pair But for Breds and shit why pay 350 when u can cop 120$ and get the same stuff
Yeah they might be outta stock in some sizes tho. Chan is outta big sizes in human racers and Bape nmds
Mango bro
I wanna say camo is a lil too dark (like the contrast between green and black) But TBH this is good. GL
Dammmnnn this is so fucking clean bro. PM me the link, need an XL of this
Some parts r printed tho, I thought just don't shorts, everything was embroidery Cwhat should make some Mitchell and Ness shorts lmao that would actually be nice. Rather than paying 120$ retail
Ay that's me ;)
ive seen cheaper versions of the shirts, but not the hoodies :(
naw its probs 1:1 except for the sizing, size up once
ill maybe make an updated one :) lets wait till finals finished fucking me over and i can maybe finish this year in one piece
terrible quality bro... only that 1 store with good stoney out atm and they only have a limited selection of stuff
too small for my taste :((( why bape reps not conventional school bois need succ too
ask for more close up pics, and make sure they sent u one that is 3M!
llink???
amazing quality. im very impressed with them. imo the rep zipper is better than the retail ones i have, and the materials feel good too, v comfy, but i doubt its the same tech that retail nike uses
you should get the god ots still for the culture. if u dont like em, ill defo buy em off you bro :)
hypexslam i think is the tao store name
ima cop that windbreaker too in the white cw (see thru flex)
Love u too baby
I am getting it, but what's so bad about it lmaooo It's 19$ idrc. Just wanna know what's up
Wait fuck. Is that not the agents bad lighting?? That's deadass how it's gonna come -_- smh Thanks
Retail or replica
Yes he does. It's all from h12 factory, just not as marked up as them Mango is rape imo on pricing and kinda a dick
I mean I'd take it and keep it bro. It's dope, I doubt reps were made of it Were u looking to sell? Might b interested in coppin
How much mate
I always bLaZe
Isn't that kinda scary tho? I live in a suburb so don't have 1:1 city stories, but I've heard alot about how unsafe the subway is in NYC especially. Could just be right play right time sorta thing. But I would not wanna get robbed and beat up over the CLOTHES I'm wearing.
Dips way to far down
I respect ur passion and geniuses love for sneakers, but like the other dude said they look like Payless kicks. I might be too much of a hypebeast but I respect it
Dammmnnn auto mod telling u to use that search bar
Me too. I was actually so concerned.
Awesome bro. Let's watch BTS grow :)
What batch TD
Not sure?? So these could be from Tao for 40$ or from David for 100$. I personally don't think 150$ is feasible given the state of the market. I personally still love Jordan's (and 12-13 is my size) but again there's no way these are worth 150$ man I'm sorry. Lmk if ur willing to negotiate down tho :)
Not on the white ones I heard tts for em
Glad u were happy!
lmfao DAMN
solid dude dont feel afraid to do business w/him at all. got my playoff 12s and im happy asf
Reeeeee mods gonna scam us 😤😤😤😂
Dude this is not a bape collab 😂😂😂
Damn so shipping was 25$? Or total cost was 25?
Meant to say LC by the way..
Really? So it's authentic tho?! I'm trading a pair of Jordans I've been unable to sell (BHM 3s) that I got for free. So this is literally free LV!!! Thanks man
They don't have OG box or receipt. First thing I asked for. He told me that the serial code # is one that is legit and checked with mens warehouse... Thanks again man. I hope more experts put their input in. I'm either way it's a steal
Glad ur happy man. Good business
Bought fog off me. All went well :)
Are they not sold yet?
Aye Seattle gang
If u lower CDG price I'd consider. But again lowering is key fam, as they are actually kinda beat, with rips and shit mang
Cssbuy is cheapest to us
I think css is cheapest to the us other than Tao directly lol But their service is kinda ass
What's the price for the rest of us? And does he combine for shipping, so I can buy two shoes and shipping is cheaper
Chan is lit man. His prices are fair and he doesn't fuck around
Why the fuck not. I'm sorry but ur sounding hella bitchy rn
I agree. I see the appeal, but I just don't like customs, ruins the original for me.
They are the only agent I have used before and it was a rough experience for me. It took them 1 week to even order my shit, then they told me OTs were oos, so I decided to refund and another cssbuy dude told me no they in stock who told u they oos. So I said you did and had to send the pictures of the chat they told me in. Entire process took upwards of a month. And the whole boost master thing I wasn't affected but heard about the shitstorm. 6/10 experience
U didn't respond to my comment luhmao
Live chat is great for sure. But again I can't say I'm pleased with speed to order my stuff man. I've heard superbuy is pretty much instantaneous... But they are the only ones that have line deals and that is key to my summer haul rn sooo i kinda need em (10kg+ is not cheap to ship)
Cheap way of shipping non popular brands (Gucci, lv, Nike adidas will not be allowed, and siezed real quick) But streetwear is all Gucci, but fr super cheap pricing and EMS like speed
Dang ok. so chan still cheapest on the game
Where did u get these from man? And can u have insole measurements
I'ma get the black one fshow. Screw flaws, thanks op
sizes too small :((
tbh its too hot for me to try and cop crewnecks :((( but i used to have some bape links if ur interested
Yes exactly. Everyone is a dick here in the US of A. god bless trump's america smh
price jumped up to 90Y now those scammers smh &gt;:)
naw bro. i can see the appeal tho
Any idea when bape nmds r gonna restock?
i would go with snake tbh, but thats personal preferance. If u like tiger go for it. Nobody gonna call u out on a belt unless ur being a fag about it, and its a hella bad rep
damn. i might get the cheaper reps on tao, like 88Y or smth for the black snake betl
Was it 30$ a piece?
Who is doing 65$?
Aye where in Seattle man?
Messaged u bro :)
Damnit all to hell. Posted an hour ago guys. Come on now
I was just gonna say off white. Fshow. I'm from Seattle but frequent Vancouver, and see a lot more better dressed ppl there compared to Seattle. Bc Asians don't play. 1:1 reps or 2:2 parents money And yes u rite about every1 wearing the same. Tbh it's nice to see chicks in streetwear, something I don't see in my local malls
yep thats the 200Y lmao. the 400 linked above is sadly OOS
might GP some windbreakers, but not seeing too many hoodies. lot of good pieces not enuf reps lol its anyways too hot for hoodies g
FUCK YES!
ima cop those slippers and some gucci aces FUCK YES either these [snake ones](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?spm=a1z10.3-c.w4002-15184725471.50.kxfH58&amp;id=545312977192) or the classic [three stripes one](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?spm=a1z10.3-c.w4002-15184725471.59.kxfH58&amp;id=552387373812) and these [FIYAH SLIPPERS](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?spm=a1z10.3-c.w4002-15184725471.80.kxfH58&amp;id=547515589813) cant get flip flops so ima cop these shits fuck yus
does it crease really easily? or normally like retail does (cheaper batches look terrible after being worn)
honestly the yeezys arent that bad. for 25$ fuck yeah but dont be flexing on IG or tryna overflex em. just wear
Naw man. Not worth my time I think. I might ask mods. But we r talking rn about him giving me a discount on some v2s. Let's see how it plays out.
LMFAO done guy at my school Wed wearing a suicide club hat and the Korean teacher was really concerned
I'm 200 pounds, 6 foot and fitting into this fucking 2XL shit. Normally wear a 50cm shoulder at minimum, or a 120cm bust, this is 110cm. Shit sucks but I love it so much
??? The down jacket? Most sellers said they will make it during winter szn
For God batch? TBH get OTs and Mrs God batch. Imo those r the ones that get the most outta the god upgrade, especially the fucking OTs bro. Imo the OTs r the best Yeezy (the potatoe sacks) bc they are just so fucking wavy, go with any fit!
So Canada takes another L?
Ooo yeeet bro it's like 50 from Nina vs the 90 from Darcy. She can find everything under the sun right? Not just certain things right. Darcy has that ability, where she can give the plug to anything u ask for (granted its expensive)
Is that the only seller with em?
this deadass goes for 5000?! what the fuck https://www.ebay.com/i/282486486101?chn=ps&amp;dispItem=1
retail or reps? how much for em
Ayo did u sell the Jordan 1 vatchetta tans yet? Still interested
Can't find her...
V legit guy don't be afraid to do business with/him
Yeeeet
They better. I swear
Ight man I think I need a 52 thanks tho
this is a W2C... hes lookin for the reps g
Hey now that ur a mod are u able to make people verified??? Been trying for a couple months and I am more than qualified
Aghhh I'm so on the edge on this one. I just bought a backpack and dont need a new one, but damn this is sexy
Need that chain more than y'all need jesus
The Travis Scott x off white is a need
Travis Scott x off white x champion hoodie Illegal business runs America shirts and hoodies
If ur doing DHL then do vacuum bags. That will help make its volumetric size smaller, and cost lower. For EMS it don't matter
Shit I can't wait for my designer haul
No problem. I think the price updates later when the agent measures the weight at the end. If ur in the US stick with EMS bro. Play it safe. I kept OG packaging so my shit wouldn't get ruined during transit. Insurance isn't necessary
is the peach BOGO sold? interested in that g
ask them for sizing information yo! agents can be the plugg
its not good for the summer tho fam. SO THICC
Thanks for judging me and making me feel bad about my self esteem /s But yeah I'm cheap asf, that's why reps r life yo. 80 Yuan = a solid branded shirt. Usually creative design shirts are cheaper
Nice prices would cop if size 12... Do the 11s fit big?
damn b where u at?
jesus fuck dude these are some rough looking reps man. Not tryna slam you but lay way way way off on the price of these -jumpman's asscrack is big asf -colors are fading hardcore all over -shape looks off -colors off of silhouette as well (source: ive owned legit hare 7s )
flaws on em?
I NEED THAT TOO. My first off white cop bc of travis #DoingItForTheCulture
WE NEED UK MAKING THIS ONE. BC IF ITS REPPED IT NEEDS TO BE DONE FUCKING RIGHTT
nice. 1426 = PLUG
Why
even with no insole?? i cant believe these havent sold yet goddam
aint nothin wrong with an acura. Its bad if ur jumpin outta a toyota camry 2001
no balls u wont do it g. DO ITT
i mean i think the definition of 1:1 has evolved with the times. Its no longer the exact same materials as the OG, or perfect replica, but good enuf where you WILL NOT GET CALLED OUT
what do u wear then? personally wondering as ive been in love with v1s but the whole thing sorta losing its effect on me. beginning to love jordans even more now
Responded
Oh shit the guns aren't allowed to be shipped? Like even if it's on a small characater
Yes it does g. The shark camo thing is so the store isnt removed
Lmk if u got some kicks FS. Size 12 indians we out here
Ayo what up indian CREW. I got the same fucking rug
Pics? Are they PK 2 or PK 1
Then what are flaws. Just got my Breds and they are literally retail
Naw naw I checked and the 118Y one is what I copped (Lol it's u again fam lmao)
Yeah imo it's good. I'm getting the green one fshow again.
ayo im buying those!!!
gotta stay woke u kno what im sayin
really? ive not seen too many. tbh streetwear kinda ded here
hm?
Bothell wbu?
playoff 12s OG all 9/10 id sell for 150
Yes I understand friend 😂😂😂 HM = how much
Pics of racers.
Fuck yes I need this for winter 2016
Nobody calls out stussy DW DW
they wont have my size anyways :( size 12 bois we out here lmk what u find
why lmao
The WINDBREAKER probs better. And bring the og champion one he had,that was good
I'd cop but 1500 is a lot
Seattle boiz
yeah thats true. so i guess 1500 yuan isnt that bad
I have the budget black and now that I look at it. It's pretty fucking blue. But again in Seattle ain't nobody calling me out in their vans and true religion jeans like nobody lit around these parts so fuck their shit and lemme flex flex flex
Damnit
I LOVE CoACHES JACKETS LEMME HELP YA OUT FAM. ALMLST HOME AND ILL PLUG YA. I like the undercover supreme one as well, but as u said it's not v versatile, like I can't make it a everyday item, it's a one flex piece sorta deal
Naw I haven't had issues. Either I got lucky 3/3 times or they Gucci.
[Supreme SS15 Star/Reg Color Coaches jacket](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=523794019703) i got this and it was incredible. 1:1 sizing friend, so i goofd getting an XL should have gone with an L. [Bape Coaches Jacket](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=537925151699&amp;scm=1007.11837.58613.i543813069719&amp;pvid=eed57d03-d225-40d8-b646-4533873cfc01) INCREDIBLE PRODUCT. I ordered this direct and was so pleased with it. was my go to layering piece over the winter szn, and a bit of spring. Has a layer of fleece that is helpful for that. Might not be good for the summer tho. Sizing was a lil small on this one, maybe size up! palace coaches jacket from UNHS is an amazing option for you as well if ur looking for a sublet flex. In the US not every1 knows palace, but those that do know. So its a nice flex to show on the back the triferg. Might cop that next tbh! But im getting a lot of track jackets for that summer ting now
i heard it was still 900 grams (comparable to a BOGO)
did u find out how much dis was?
Damn. First dude on this sub like dat. it might be possible but it's on there pretty tight
Dude just keep the branding it's fine tbh lmao. Plus the back just screams brands being the tnf logo huge
You can always just add the cost of using an invoice. There's no problem then right?? For sellers to do invoiced is most sus tho bc we risk PayPals wrath. Most guys here are not looking to finesse like that but selling reps = PayPal siding with buyer.
What is this man's above even doing 😂😂😂
HAHAHAHA THIS IS AWESOME. LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING UR COPS
What size yo? I'll buy if 11.5-13 😂😂
Dang those look cool. Might scoop bc they have size 12. Any idea on pricing?
Sizing on bape?
what are u doing to fix the KITHs?
interesting. totally gonna cop a pair ASAP cos shit they fuego and go to size 12 :)
my guy does this come with OG box and all?
yeah ik that bro lmao UK11 = 11.5 , some other say US 12 tho, hella confusing
WU is usually 15$ i thot. Might look into Circle so there is no fee for using then its a flat even 100
i think they will look good with shorts bro... was gonna cop just for dat
Chan has a 12 in deez
seriously??? goddamit
replace MR if it really bothers u g
damn all good. lmk if u have anything else size 11.5-12 ya kno
DO NOT GO THRU MANGO. He posted the information of his customers as a revenge plan when they were mad he B&amp;S with some ass lookin jordan 1s. I personally got my jordans from a dude that got his from Chan and Mango alike (r/FashionRepsBTS) I recommend chan as hes a good dude, hasnt been any issue for me.
no problem. Will is the plug if ur willing to spend money, have only heard good things about him :)
Ah yes Lin batch V2s. I hear they don't do justice to the shoes quality. Urbantees was known well to stock good stuff, I'm sure quality was fine, just the color haha. Can't beat PK second batch If ur willing to try chan he's the same batch (H12) as Will I believe, but will will have that 1:1 service as u pay for it
My guy what size? And price? For which pairs
damn so nice but so smol
damnit too small 4 me mate. need that size 12 or at least a 11.5 :/
How much fs on HR? Can u give insole measurements... I'm hr don't have insoles, but can you try with a measuring tape
Where was the flannel from? V interested in both btw
What did you pay for yours lol.
What size is it? And why return
Return. Shouldn't b able to see supreme like dat
Whom be this?
Well each seller allocates a different amount of stock so it's not all gone. They will be posted again fear not. It's likely all the same batch, but ik there is a super super cheap batch that is ASS so don't go too cheap.
They will pop up again DW. Just be patient
Never any OvO reps smh. The Canada goose collabs r always so good
Aye was gonna cop these too, do they fit TTS? From the good Gucci ace store, and the perf summer flex
I have it's good. Go up a size and ur good. (If ur small boi maybe tts is fine)
Yeah I feel ya, they at the warehouse lmao. But didn't u ask agent for length/width to see how it does fit haha. Usually I do that with GPs
thats a good ass price.
can you give insole measurements?
its all H12 batch buddy.
Thank u so much man. 7 11 dude has a lot of good stuff forgot he had dis First cop of the fall for me
Get PKs. They look so good yo Edit: I see ur ass everywhere fam what's good lmao
How have you liked the pure boosts bro? Interested to cop but idk man :/
What r their flaws?
Measurements/link where u copped from? I wanna know the batch
my main man chan! he has the same batch jordans as mango so its gucci source: have breds and top 3s i have as my main beaters
do u mind adding prices bro?
Dude fr kills me :(
appears to be TTS. 125 cm bust ususally is non existant
damn but velvet in the summer = 1:1 pot roast :(
is the inside of this hoodie particularly warm? I like that its TTS but need to be coppin summer shit atm
damn nice dude. id say fuck you wait 10 days :DDDDD idk what color i should get, black or white.... maybe ill get both and give 1 to a friend :S
That's not a bad idea. I was gonna give one as a present to my homie visiting after a year. But u rite this is a financial opportunity
this is why ima wait until next summer to cop jerseys
It's fiyah bro. It's in my summer haul. Going to a buncha concerts over summer I need it
No IDGAF about flaws on 11s (they nonexistent my guy) Just as a collector I like to see them boxes sitting in my self u know it's an asthetic ting
Yes it's the way to go for known shit my guy. 70$ for 10.7KG ez cash yo
What is offerghost my guy
Do u recall how much it costed? Like interested u Kno Might b a bootleg unhs.net or something
bro sell on facebook or even on r/sneakermarket u will get ur money back yo
PMD
hw is shipping to the US :( 98012 zip code
store linked above is the plug for shirts yo. super good price to quality outcome my guy
yeah bro seattle has a good vibe. not a whole lot of fashion unless ur downtown, but people are dope here
they go for 900 last i checked :/
yes im yet to find a v2 that i like fr fr fr v2 became super GR and a lot of ppl have it, i enjoy the v1s from this exclusivity, but the number of bad fakes i see of v1s make me dislike it and wanna consider dropping yzy all together :( but then again v2s are also much easier to pull off... rich kids at my school be whipping cargo shorts with belugas and fucking h&amp;m joggers with 750s (authentic) and ofc kids that can actually pull together fits... v1s are a statement piece while v2s you can play off. But i fell into the repsneakers trap after my love for the v1s so that stands out for me :)
naw bro its creases easily and looks shit after that. real SLP is sooo fucking nice ppl will kno
Damn oos thanks tho appreciate it. Ur post is awesome bro
I'll fuckin buy em bro
Where to cop? Need a 36
Awh hell naw bro not the fam 💀💀💀 hook him up with some repa
But help a homie out
Wanted measurements I apologise for not clarifying haha.
Damn ok. Thanks anyways
Do u have wide feet bro??
They are all reps
What size are yours I'll buy em
U got insole measurements? Thanks. Usually am a size 12 TTS but fit a 11.5 in Yeezy 350s
Pmd
Thanks again my main man. Appreciate it.
Damn ok. U got the 11.5 fs I'll cop 😂😂
Yeezys, Ramones and white ultraboost are real. Everything else rep?
Tts m? Can u give measurements
Same fam
r/madlads
Looks dope I fw it
Fr i creamed
GL. How much they taxing u for em?
Nope actually there are three. This will likely be the first batch that's assssss with cobble boost and 1:1 spiderweb upper.
Don't get these. Save up for pk looks so good and even those r flawrd
Wait r u deadass rn? I'll def consider it mang
Damn way too far. I'm way up in Bothell :// I'm hardly in the city 😂😂😂
Lots of immature ppl here :/// r/DesignerReps is a classier crowd. How old are u?
gone man :( got 750s tho
Ofc u ordered it 😂😂😂😂
Bruuuuhh no way white shoes will last in India fam. Source: been there several summer and ruined shoes that weren't even white
Fucking hell I hate flakers so much. Waste of time. But yeah good play lmao
I asked him and V2s are 210 Y shipping and Y3s we're 180Y shipping combined 280Y so it looks like I'm coppin both cremes and triple white Y3s lmao
It sound right to me it's ~40$ which is what most sellers charge (EMS tho) Chan is 30$ a pair. And agents r all rape, css was affordable but I don't wanna fw them. Ill look into it. But 2 pairs of shoes = ~4kg bc I'm size 12
Which marker?
No u will instantly loose. Reps are prohibited to sell cia PayPal, which is why so many sellers don't fw it. What I do is say in the invoice, "sticker or magazine" and send that with the shoes/clothes. That way I don't get in trouble with PayPal for selling reps
Better than nothing :/// tbh rather wait for better seller to get it too
They can but it's a lot harder. most guys don't know this tho ^^^ I always do background checks before selling to em
GLWS Id def cop but I'm on a strictly reps diet :/ Edit: hm for both shorts and headband
I'm getting y3 because apparently us 11 y3 = us 12 so I'm good. Otherwise so hard to find my size. Might scoop some v2 cremes as well, but leaning towards nope.
Just how active their account is. Their repvouch and such
Same :(
What else u got size 12 b
What's ur haul look like rn?
What size are Y3S I'll scoop em
Have they been worn? That's my size.
V1s look good without laces
U work for USPS or something shipping being 3$ smh
The bandana tho ❤️🤙
1:1 lv fragment what?
Oh no problem. I really want the denim jacket for fall winter szn. Been on the market for a nice looking denim jacket pluggg
Sauce?
Argh I'm a size 12 I'd scoop em man. Glws
How do u know
Dude that's a super flex do it.
how did they turn out bro?? for that cheap are they shit i want that messenger bag really badly
shiiit u know if its any good tho? hmu with that mini review of how the porter stuff is b, about to finalize my haul tmrw soo help a brotha out
yeah dude. ima try and see if i find some other stuff thanks again. amazing finds.
damn i would have bought that BOGO if XL. dope prices GLWS
got some PK triple black 750s size 12 id sell for 100$
size 11.5, 12, and 12.5 shoes for sale or for trade ***got PK batch 750 triple blacks size 12 for sale/trade
wher did u cop them from? i am also a size 12 wanna make sure i dont cop the same mistake
kaws stuff and maybe a bape clock both stuff ima cop in the future
