You need a kitty. They are like cramp magnets. You hurt. Magically you have a purring cat on your lap. They also give you zen from purrs. Feel better :)
Someone posted a picture of a lock on a fence in a Nation Park a month or so ago. That's litter. Grr.
How often does this happen? Our ASPCA has a record of no deaths from spay/neuter clinic for something like 10 years.
Man I wish they bottled their sour. It's so good.
I know 2 sets of parents who said something like "You are treating my son like a criminal" when he was charged 4 years for sleeping with a 13 year old (he was 23) and "Why didn't the parents come to us and we could have settled it quietly" when their son had been diddling his 12 year old cousin for years (He was 33). Yeah. NO.
This is such a good book.
Was it Enya? She had a ton of her music in commercials in the 90's
Our state has a damn chart for consent age.
Yup. Came here to say this. Wrist foot and kree in the misc. Pile. :)
Sweaters. I have really nice light sweaters. And a lot of tank tops to wear under v neck stuff.
Screaming buttons we call them
If it's a chimp it would win. They are way strong and have sharp teeth and mad crazy jaw muscles. Mofo can bit your face off and snap an arm like it's nothing. Bitch don't even need a knife. Unless it was like a lemur. I could probably take a lemur. Source: anthropology major
Don't study the day before and sleep well the night before. It takes 24 hours for that cramming to set in. Cram in advance. Basically study each week. Make questions and answers that may be on the exam and pop quiz yourself. Oh and ask the prof for tips during office hours. Oh. Do not. I reapeat. Not. Let the prof see you cry. Never show weakness to the enemy.
My boss had to tell our ceo, under no circumstances, would there be bathroom meetings. Ceo installed private loo in his office shorty after.
Some asshat at a club I did not want to be (obligation for work ) at grabbed almost every girls ass in my group until me when I turned around and told him "young man that is very inappropriate". Then I informed the bouncer and my totally yoked friend who stared him down the whole night. Fuckin people like that guy.
Guy 1. He was never there and married to his job. i Graduated college and got wine to celebrate. Woke up at midnight when he got home. Drank wine by myself. Guy 2. Told me I had to get rid of my cat. Had no emotions and only wanted sex in one position. Guy 3. Bragged about being stabbed and had no idea how to treat a girl. Spent all my money and was a drunk. I sure know how to pick them. But I'm with a chill dude now. We rock. No plans to get married and we are cool with that. Plus my cats love him and he loves the cats.
Isn't she against gay marriege and some other controvercial things too? I think it's just a ruse to cover up real stories like the TPP and the Freedom Act. We rather fawn over a celeb than worry about freedom.
I would like to see him shooting a gun and smoking a joint while high fiving an eagle and drinking a beer with an Iraq vet.
I just wished my bf liked makeup. He tolerates it but he's not a fan. Even when I do no-makup makeup he notices. I have okay skin and will use a bit of cover up most days (unless there is a miricle and the skin is flawless) but even a touch of brows and brown eyeliner accents and he's like, " :( " I guess I should be happy he likes my face.
Seriously. If you order a certain beer or drink day in and out (local dive bar, so you see people 5 days a week) and they switch to something you get confused. Or you are THAT guy who just orders a "vodka anything". He seriously just lets the bartender make a new vodka drink every day. Good guy.
Go to a craft cocktail bar where they choose your first drink for you based on your tastes, then each drink revise until you have found your poison. There are tons popping up all over.
First thing I noticed was your 'y's. Next thing, you are legit. Bartenders hate making coffee. If they wanted to be a barista they would have applied at starbucks.
My significant other is a fancy cocktail bartender and orders white Russians at bowling alleys. Then again, he likes white Russians. Also, I am a white Russian.
Even worse, Tuaca and Diet. BLARGGGGGGG
Because you mean business. You know what you want. You know to pace with a shot. Drink the beer slowly, take the shot. Rinse repeat. This type of person always pays their tab plus a big tip for not bothering them. We have a guy that comes in and orders a beer and a shot almost every day, he's polite, friendly and always in a good mood. He has also worked every single day since the end of February. Service industry makes you appreciate your booze.
Yup.
All American style vodka tastes the same. Funny though, I had a bottle of White Doctor from the super market from Russia a while back and everyone said it was so smooth and good. I think it cost like 75 cents? Also Peter the First cigarettes are pretty tasty.
I order scotch or whiskey as a side car and sip it neat or with an ice cube.
My friend always joked on me because I ordered wine when we went out. One day he comes in and is like OMG I LOVE WINE. He discoved moscato wine. He is black. Heard it in a rap song. I blame rap for hennessy, gin, amaretto, moscato, and brandy.
Real men are not ashamed of ordering a pink cocktail served in a martini glass.
Our bar has 3 ciders. One is pear. The new thing is to order an "angry balls" which is an Angry Orchard Cider with a shot of fire ball poured into the bottle. It is vile.
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Whoever abandon him should get 17 years bad luck and bad karma. :( Such a cute kitty and awesome forever parents for taking him in :)
Just had a shot and a wine for lunch. However I think the bartender already likes me because we live together. I got the unicorn. Took a bartender on a date and it worked out. :)
So true. I am so happy there are people like you. I have taken in many a kitty but never this bad a situation. Mine have always been from hoarders or the pound. 2 stupid kitties right now. Rimmer is 10 (ish?) and loves doritos and pets. Kuna (Hakuna Matata) is 2 and leaves dead mice in my shoes. Both were kittens from farm cats who were not fixed in time.
40 signs saying keep window closed. 40. FOURTY.
So my 20 pound monsters could be doners? I will bring that up during their next vet visit.
It also looks like D cell batteries next to the bulb.
I didn't go to either of my graduations. I don't even know if I officially graduated high school.
In the future you can get cheap glasses online at places like eyebuydirect
I know nothing.
We had a free vegan restaurant with multiple options at work and people would go across the street to get bacon. However, vegan lasagna is horrible.
You could be 135 lbs and still be healthy at 5'10".
My cat has a bad problem with being obsessed with doritos. So I guess he is helping by me not bringing them home. He will cry and bite until he gets his chip fix.
Good for you!
Like that show secret eaters. They list what they eat and forget to list the drinks or snacks. One person was gobbling on chocolate all day. How do you just eat chocolate all day long and not think about it? One girl was consuming close to 4000 calories per day and had gained 60 pounds in TWO years!!!
Oh god, like the Secret Eaters girl who had the jacket potato every day for lunch but it was covered in 800 calories of extra junk.
THEY DRANK THE COOLAID. So sad. i see this all the time. The nails, the oils, everything. They SWEAR by it. Talking about it all the time. It's like they sold their soul for a few extra bucks a month. Like, OMG, this lavendar bath oil totally cured my headache. Buy it for 20% off today from my site. Only 16$. Ugh. No. I grow lavendar. I can pick it. FREE. I also make my own simple syrups and flavored honey.
Ours are painted like little people. Not at all coded.
Rich and related to Luke Skywalker. Probably high and drunk all the time.
Bawling my eyes out with my cats at a stupid youtube video. I blame my puffy eyes on alergies. Only the cats get it.
Taxis are assholes. On New Years we too a cab from a bar to a house maybe 1/2 mile away. He was demanding 25$ Minimum. We laughed in his face saying they can't do that. Gave him 15$ and said that was generous. It wasn't on the meter and he was trying to scam drunk people.
But the photo doesn't hae cellulite in the article. Unless I am missing something.
I wish they would show examples of skinny women with cellulite in an article about it. Instead it's just click bait for a ton of cellulite burning ads. :(
Like within the last few minutes. Also the one attached fpban list.
Yeah, pics of cute dead girls and the other one i think pics of dead kids are still up. Oh and I am pretty sure painal is still up too. Do not click random pages.
I stopped doing random when i hit the pictures of dead kids sub.
Didn't someone make a mirror type site to upload as an alt to imgur at some point?
there is one for "cute" dead chicks too.
I think they get away with it because it's not like they are harassing people. Just talking about necrophelia and how hot those dead girls are. :/
The post of dead/dying Chris Farley to WTf was pretty bad too. I mean, respect the dead. There are 2 images now of him lying on the floor of a shitty apartment foaming at the mouth and most likely dead/dying.
I worked at an ISP with over 150 employees and they "forgot" to pay the power bill so it got shut off. (That means 3 months over due because of leniency from power companies).
Last year MRI at private clinic with no insurance coverage? 500$ upfront cash. Last month WITH insurance, pay 100$ "co pay, on top of monthly fees", insurance company is billed 10,000$ from the hospital. Corupt as shit.
And they can't drop you or hike up your rates significantly if you get a condition. Which was previously the case. They would just drop people saying they have met their lifetime coverage and would no longer be covered. WTF.
I think it did bleed out, I saw people getting doxxed saying they were going to call their bosses because of r/fph but I saw some animosity in some of the fitness forums as well.
i guess if it doesn't harass people it's fine. The rapist stuff is offensive though. Like the AMA that asked rapists why they did so. That was some WTF material.
Still there picsofdeadkids. The creator deleted their account and I don't think there is much activity but it still has 3k subscribers.
I liked those (people who have killed someone). The people had some really good questions/answers.
1 girl versus 'at least' 250 women and children. That put's a lot into prespective. In addition to this there is a whole thing that you shove a gun in a lady and shoot her creating a fistula where basically, you usually live but leak out of the wrong whole.
Does no one look into their rearview mirrors? I mean, I see the back of my car regularly every day, multiple times a day. I look in the mirror every time I have my turn signal on to change lanes, I physically turn my head to change lanes like everyone should have been taught in drivers education, check your blind spot, which so happens also to be in the vicinity of the rear seat. When parking I look back to make sure I don't hit someones car. Does everyone just drive straight, never park, and never turn?
And [538](http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/dont-pay-attention-to-that-wisconsin-straw-poll/) is still scepticle.
I gurentee it is a homeless man who keeps moving after the cops cite him, and each time they smell his breath and he probably has a flask or an open container of rot gut. They basically harass the homeless there because rich people don't like seeing people in rags roaming their fancy streets. It makes the apple store look bad.
It would be nice to have it on doors. People just slam their doors into other cars. Auto door breaks? STOPs the doors from opening onto another car. No freaking respect. I would also like force field human breaks for assholes who think it's okay to hit my car with a shopping cart, bust a tail light, and walk away. I don't leave the house anymore because every time I do there is another ding, scratch, dent in the car.
Meow?
No problem with them. It's more of if you don't like it then don't subscribe. But I guess there was some doxing going on which I don't approve of.
You rock! And your wife rocks! My friend has lupus and RA and just got a compression break in her spine. 32. Shes a song person and full of positive vibes even if all she can do some days is sit with her cats and eat soup. Keep rocking sir.
Pro tip. A lot of public toilets have broken machines for ladies stuff. Check every machine. Some open because the lock is stuck. Score.
Nope. Some places don't even have a cafeteria. Just a small snack shack and hot lunch one day a week. Not free
"Are you gonna eat that?" Still appreciate pizza crust.
Dress up nice and get free samples at stores. Grocery. Mall etc. You can get soap from the mall sometimes. Take honey and mustard from fast food. Free shit everywhere. Just got to be savvy. Go to churches that have free lunch after the service. Soup kitchens. Dumpster dive. Borrow a Costco card and Fuckin eat like a king.
That cheese is still good.
Read this 4 times. The book. Just because of him. Read the rest of the books once. But hyperion 4 times.
Please don't ruin my childhood. I loved this book.
Yeah, I am still on pins and needles with the Preacher adaptation by Garth Ennis.
Just don't go looking for it. Man, the internet sucks some times. I try to stay in a happy place. I read my science reddits and front page and some other news sites and try to stay away from anything that reeks of 4chan.
Ohh. Good idea. my little one started by leaving his toys in my BFs shoes, then shit got real when I went to put my shoe on and there was a real dead mouse in there. The older cat was satisfied I could hunt years ago (or too lazy) but now the little one is bringing in snakes, mice, lizards, birds, everything. I always tell him hes a good kitty and give him treats. But still we get dead animals.
Mine used to do that when his water was dirty or not full enough.
My cat ate his food and his mice. You would hear *SQUEAKKKKKK* in the middle of the night and there he is chomping on a mouse, ate the thing in 2 bites.
Pics?
got to the list or use a google search (way easier than reddit search) and enter in the things you like. There surely is a small sub for that. I have dentistry, anthropology, cognitive science, history, archeology, 19 kids and counting (shut up, it's like a train wreck), a few disease related subs. Just look on the list and dig deeper. :) happy browsing!
If you have seen any posts about being body positive and arguments and then a comment that said "found the fatty" that was the bleed over from fph. It was kinda rude to see people just assuming people were fat because they were defending an opinion.
r/thinpeoplehate can't tell if serious or not...
You could get really creepo and start leaving notes on the shack. "I know what you did". And try to haunt him.
Yes sir. 2 wine and a shot in.
Wait is that too small?
This [blog](https://sixthousandsteps.wordpress.com/) has REALLy helped my friend out. She is your age and is a trooper. Try to stay positive and you already know RA sucks but maybe reading the blog will give you an idea of what she is going through and how to help. HUGS
Good one! I will share with my friend!
Zero. Zero weeks vacation in most jobs but a corporate office job. If you do get time off you don't get paid. Unless you work for Google or Facebook. If you work in retail you usually lose your job because you can't be there. This country is fucked up. This is why you see so many poor single women not working, they can't. There is no free daycare so they have to stay home. No other option. Daycare here costs 800$ or more a month. So until they start school at 6 years old you either have a nice mother who babysits or you pay out the ass for care while you work 60 hours a week.
ARGGGG. Pro-bono. I get that all the time. Not lawyer but dental. People call and just figure they can get shit for free. Oh I'm poor, but I don't have medi-cal (because they are either too lazy to apply or make too much - over 30k a year) and I don't have insurance, so uhhh, is there a free dentists? Dude, get off your ass and pay the 75$ for a cleaning and a check up. Twice a year. Cheaper than filling up your car.
Wait so they lifted the arm rest? I would have gone to the stewardess and told her that someone took my seat.
Ooooh. Bad dentist. Sorry you had a bad experience. Most dentists are good people.
Yeah, they will try to take x-rays and you can decline those. Cleanings are 75-90$ usually. Shop around for a good dentist.
Wow. USA kinda sucks.
You had a shitty dentist. :( I'm sorry. Please try again. There are really good dentists out there who are there to help you have the best teeth and health.
Unacceptable. They butchered your hair. Post the first cut to their Facebook, yelp, twitter, tag the shit out of them. I worked for a professional stylist for many years and have only seen ONE cut we had to fix worse than that, from a super cuts. This is like some 14 year old girl tried to do hair for the first time. No. They should be ashamed.
I was an anthropology major with a focus on biology. Pretty much what he said. The femur does not look human. [see how the neck is different](http://sciweb.hfcc.edu/Biology/AP/134/lab/lab%20guide%20images/II.%20Skel%20Musc%20Nerv/A.%20Skeletal%20system/II.11a.femur.anterior.JPG) ?
I was the bloody mishlin man when I was born and in the 99th percentile. I was suppose to be over 6 foot. Today: 5'10" and 150 lbs. And I am over 25.
hugs &lt;3 Cheers
I tried it. I had 2 slices of pizza and hummus and chips and wine and whiskey. Still under 2k. I don't drink anything but tea and water. No snacks.
Or they insist on bringing it to you anyway. Or they leave sweets on your desk all the time. :( They got all excited about my birthday and wanted to get me cake (because their cheap asses own an ice cream shop) and I told them I don't eat cake. And I'm lactose intolerant. Got an ice cream cake anyways. Only person who gets me was old Filipino guy who got me egg rolls. &lt;3
You should read oryx and crake by atwood.
Websites that are 90% ads and click bait?
For non savvy peeps can we get a post on how to chang a pic?
Nope. Try 1000$. SF is fucked.
HAHAHAHAAHAHAH! Dude. People make 10$ (minimum is about 10.25, goal is up to 15 in a few years) an hour at coffee shops, McDonalds, a bit more to be a vending person at the stadium, cafes, restaurants, retail. So your poor people make 26k full time, where average rent is 2k a month. They commute from the ghettos, live in multi family homes, have a rent controlled apartment for 30+ years and so on.
Oh yeah, and BART is a laughable situation. They just did a piece on NPR today, and basically admitted the trains are running on software designed in the 1960s and they would need 4 billion dollars to fix all the issues. BART : "Gets you where?"
[book covered that](#b "I believe, if I remember correctly, they locked the dog in one of the rooms and he goes apeshit but can't get out")
They removed a few story lines completely from the show and added some stuff. So the books still differ from the show, but the gap appears to be getting wider. GRRM mentioned this in an interview that the show may not follow the books anymore after this season.
And you wonder why many people have strange or obscure flair. No body killed all the castle cats. They still are chilling doing cat things. People who read the books are like, fuck, can't root for anyone.
Will she? Maybe GRRM and the show want to trick us into having hope just to smash it away next season.
Or not. How many times have we hoped something would happen and GRRM is like, HAHA, NOPE.
You know how fucking hard it was to sit on spoilers for YEARS?!! YEARSSS. Everyone was like OH NED. And here we are sitting on our hands covering our mouths. Then boom, we couldn't talk about the red wedding, or the purple one. People were losing their shit and we just kinda sat there. Then this whole Jon thing. I threw the book at the wall after that and could only talk to like 4 people about it. i am so happy we are all basically on the same page and I can freaking talk on the internet about it. Face book goes ape shit if you give spoilers.
Theory here. The watch has to get taken out or overwhelmed so the walkers can break through the wall or go over what not, so the kingdom realises they are fucked and that winter did come and they need some fire to burn the walkers. Basically they need a reason for all the kingdoms to come together drop their petty fights to fight a larger evil. Because as long as the wall and watch stand the walkers are kept at bay. Liike, it's cool, they are still on the other side we have hope. But if you see them rushing through the flood gates you will be like OH SHIT, ITS GOING DOWN.
10 years from now George RR Martin might have actually finished the books. Wait, probably not.
Maybe she just chops of his hand.
This reminds me of that TV sense8 where one of the characters drives a van and the name of the van is "Van Damme" and he is inspired by the films.
Basically like the last chapter of book 5 where we threw the book against a wall and had to keep spoilers for like 5 years. That was the fuck.
Martin likes to toy with your emotions, first you hate him and then when he starts chilling with Brienne you kinda like him a little, and then you are not sure.
I think the books cover this. I forget.
That's the fun part about reading. Like the books/show are like, okay some there is some magic, not not much, and well there are some fucking dragons, and praying sort of works, or not, and you are confused about what is fantasy and what is not. Oh yeah, and frankenstein shit going on.
Tis only a flesh wound.
Never jump teams. Then again, they can't kill all the cats in Westeros.
if I recall correctly the reason that Winterfell was built where it was, is because it had natural hot springs that kept the castle warm and what not but no moat. Also, powder vs. ice is a huge diferrerence. Was it powder or ice/hardpack. Distance fallen, was it a head shot or a body shot, was there rocks? IRL someone survived a parachute fail, but you can die in a 5 foot fall. It could go any direction.
Don't hold it against ghost. Not his fault.
And that whole missing Iron Island plot from book 4.
Dude. A Storm of Swords came out in 2000. That was 15 years ago. Meaning that some of us have kept the Red Wedding Secret for what 13 years? Nedd 15+? Do you know what that does to a person. It's like The 6th Sense TIMES 15 YEARS.
My soul is dead from trying not to ruin it to anyone, even if begged. It was like I knew the answer to life the universe and everything.
Have they not done this before with episodes where it ends without an end or difinitive? GRRM and D&amp;D are all about the PSYCH!!! moment.
[I could swea the book covered this](#b "Ghost was locked in a room unable to get out, or off too far away? Either that or my brain needs to reread the books")
yeah my memory is shot and I could have sword Brienne bit the bullet but she didn't, but I think that Sansa is just a few pages behind even if not on the same time line with answers to live/die. The jump thing. You can spoiler message me if I am totally wrong.
They have cut out stuf that may never appear in the show. Book 2 has some major stuff that still has not appeared and may never. Book 4/5 have some stuff that may have been removed too. Read the books. It's like a different story. Plus it will keep you busy until next season.
ANDDDD I would just skip that year. I could barely get through the books. So dull.
The burden gets no lighter over the years.
I think it was an intersting change. More sharp and brutal vs long and drawn out. I did feel it was a little rushed.
So one season of the show every 5-10 years? &lt;3
We had a Dumbledore but in teh books it was not Olly. But agreed with others, a bit rushed.
You mean the boring parts I skimmed through twice? Ughhhhh Iron islands. I would have skipped the whole book if possible.
Yeah. TWOW is Summer 2016? After the release of the entirely of season 6. Which means NEVER 2016. because it was supposed to be Summer 2015. And prior to that 2014 ad nausium.
Sort of? A lot of things were moved around ff/rw depending. book 4 and 5 were happening at the same time I think so it was like streach and smoosh. And omit like a huge storyline perhaps to be used for later.
Not same story. They mention it on interviews. he is letting D&amp;D kinda roll with it under his supervision.
I don't know, I mean you could really cover her progress in a chapter. So like a few scenes in 2 episodes. I mean she was virtually missing from book 4(?).
I'll believe it when I see it. Mr. George 'Takes a decade to write the next book' Martin.
Dorn never felt like a good plot in the book. I think it was nice to just have it short and sweet.
Tiger, Tiger. one of my favorites.
We are around.
You could add Bill Hicks name to your quote. &lt;3
I really hope they don't include the rest of the other books. I found that plot not as enticing.
Yes. I was going on the assumption they would follow that train of thought.
Whoop whoop!
Wentworth Miller is half black. He looks whiter than her.
Uncle hated unions saying they killed jobs his whole life. Only job he got after years of unemployment, union. Eat crow bro.
I rather work for a union and have job security and good pay than work like a dog a a contractor with no benefits or time off. Everyone I know in a union makes great money able to buy a house or condo in the bay area and is doing quite well.
I feel you. My older cat hated the new kitten. 2 years layer he still hisses at the baby and gets so jealous he will sit on the other cat if he's on my lap.
Omg. Eyes full of hate and jealousy. My poor little kitty. Opressed for 2 years. All he wants is loves. I plan dates with little to get some pets time without angry bastard. Angry gets all the lap time usually.
The correct answer.
You know how doctors offices have big signs on the coolers saying "no food in this fridge", it works the opposite way too. No non-food in fridge meant for food. It is a huge OSHA violation. Also a non labeled container, another violation, potentially contaminating everything in the cooler, so you have to throw the whole contents out and clean the thing.
Can't tell if r/ niceguys is parody or real.
It just looks like someone being irrational after finding out that a guy who they liked cleaned up his life, stopped drinking, got fit (yoga/marathons) and met a girl who was fit and into the same things he was. Vs. a girl who was nice to him but didn't seem to actually like anything he did or encourage him to be healthier and decided that she wasn't going to be thin forever so she just gave up and embraced being fat which is such a fatalistic attitude.
Not many MSI fans in teh house today?
Huh, I have the opposite problem, henna won't stay in my hair. I have used the real stuff (that comes in a bag and smells like dirt) twice and it lasts maybe a few months.
???? i live in the Bay area and the zoo is like 17$ per person (kids 11$) and a ticket to see the Niner's is like 150$. You can get hockey tickets in the 2nd tier for 20-30$ almost any game. I guess it is like 120$ to see One Direction (so I hear) but that is a concert. To see our minor league (and farm team) for baseball: FREE (Tickets are like 7-10$ but there is always someone giving away their tickets outside)
What kind of tortilla do you use for your burrito? The big ones (9") are always like 200-225 cal.
Oops, missed which city you were in, the Chicago Zoo is free.
They sell sandwich tupperwar/[bento](http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3451/3351404506_71d01653a1.jpg) that you can use and you can use a [cute thermos](http://i00.i.aliimg.com/wsphoto/v2/2039351548_1/2014-Cute-Animal-Thermos-Mug-Kids-Adult-Insulation-Thermos-Cup-500ml-Stainless-Bullet-Shap-Bottle-Mug.jpg) for soup, this might work out better for long hikes and have a bag of trail mix snacks and some energy bars to snack on the way. Remember you don't want your cute little bento meal to get all jostled and look like confetti after you go hiking.
Damn, I live in the Bay Area.
Makes more sense, I was invisioning 'burito' like a restaurant.
So they got fined .oo3% of last quarter's profits? Not even last year, last quarter....Seems like a drop in teh bucket.
It's cool, they got 32 BILLION just last quarter.
On one of the episodes of Secret Eaters this one gal said she didn't like sodas because they were too sweet, but they found out she drank energy drink. So the host took the exact amount of sugar into a glass of water and made her taste it and then explained the rest of energy drink is just artificial flavors to cover the sugar. A lot of people don't realize how much sugar is in every drink, even juice.
No more smoking in US jails.
Poured half a dixi cup of mixed nuts for a snack, look a mail scale on my desk, weigh nuts, realize 4 ounces of nuts is like 450-650 calories. Slowly push nuts away. I wanted a snack not a freaking meal. :( Stupid free work nuts.
I see curvy and bigger as Joan from Mad Men or [Brienne](http://www.imdb.com/media/rm641006592/nm3729225?ref_=nm_phs_md_6) from Game of Thrones who is 6'3".
We deserve it. How long did we know about red and purple wedding? A decade?
Aren't those big? I have never been. :/
Tall girl. If this hits off would like Hoodies for girls too. Sound awesome.
See how many are stolen by wives and girlfriends.
Do you recommend a place in California? I have a couch needing love . Brass studs
Seriously. She should paint the gayest rainbow she can with a picture of Noah, being SUPER.
It's reddit, like 8 people would look it up.
As of July 1st, all employees in the US (edit: California only, my mistake) regarless of full or part time position are entitled to at least 3 paid days of sick leave, and if they don't use them they can roll over to the next year to up to 6 full days of sick leave.
We have a place called jerk n pickle. All they sell is beef jerky and pickles. They sell a lot online.
Megan is Missing is disturbing but not horror just very disturbing.
Every single person on the cast of Sin City except Jessica Alba (character is suppose to be black and actually be able to act). I cast those roles in my head and with friends for years before the film was announced and it was always Bruce Willis. Like no doubt he was the only person who could playthat part.
Children of the 80s, when you die, you die. If you did not save you are fucked. Some sierra games even if you got to a certain point but you forgot to get an item you were fucked and would have to go back to some previous save point where you could get the item. Meaning you had to have MULTIPLE save games. I miss that.
Those little midget fuckers in Diablo always fucked me up.
I'm sure your inbox has exploded but the folks here r/suicidewatch are good people.
Someone needs a theater blower 2000
Me or the cat. I chose the cat. What kind of ruthless person says I can't have my kitty bro of 6 years because they don't like cats? My new person loves my kitties. (Got a second one after because cats!)
Heck yes! It's a packaged deal. My kitty bros are my family. One is old and barfs in my shoes and the baby leaves me mice in my shoes. Love em to death.
Jessica alba in any film. She almost ruined sin city.
Yeah. Storm is supposed to be super tall and from Africa. I would have liked Iman or even Tyra better.
Hepburn lived through the Holocaust. She was pretty tough.
It's illegal here. Ca.
I got a Toyota truck for 3k. At 120k miles on it. I drove it for 8 years and sold it for 500$ at 250k. Worth it. Only repairs were a starter and a catalytic coverter.
I think the episode where they all heard the same song was the best
I had a slice of pizza today. And pasta. Bmi 22. Trying to lose 10 lbs. And people tell me to eat more. :(
Who eats 2 burgers? One time I had 1.5 but that was after building a dam and hiking for hours. I totally regretted that half salmon burger.
I'm thin. But when when I mention losing weight people balk. Dude I'm not a waif and could lose 10 lbs. But I guess everyone wants me to get fat.
I have a sick addiction to coolaid with no sugar. Sour water. I drink lemon juice too.
Nope. Bmi 21-22 cannot break.
Both. Sleeves are always too short so you roll them up and the waist is too short and you are constantly pulling it down. Glad you are fighting the good fight!
They notice 5 lbs. my BMI is 22 and I gained 5 lbs and it was noticed by both parties. Who are now going to get out more and eat less pizza.
YAY! my Lhasa is 16 going on 2. They are the best companions and they just want love and pets.
Wow. That's sad.
I have lived of around 1250 a day for years. But I sit all day at work. I go over that only when I do 3+miles over my usual movement
I graze at parties. I just had 2 or 3 chips. A couple of pretzels a few veggies in dip. How to add smaller portions than serving size?
No borsht?
Its like getting hit by a load of cold jizz in the back of your throat.
Bananas. Tastes like vomit.
Can we use this for actual curvy girls who are not looking like tweedledee and dumb?
Sorry lizard bros.
Hide and seek. Truth or dare. Naked twister. Strip monopoly
Janitors? It's some poor kid making minimum wage. Source? Worked at theatre
Meet the kitty and get the personality. I was set on naming my little bro Hemingway but my mom had a really bad day and she met kitty and cried with happiness. He was thus dubbed hakuna matata. Or kuni for short.
Well, there is the giant rubber ducky. But yes, El Pulpo is pretty much the best. But the Front Porch has my heart.
Maybe he started watching Orange is the New Black recently.
Oh man, I paid cash for mine and it was 500$. Then I got insurance and the hospital billed my insurance 10k for a much crappier MRI. However I dropped $2500 like a hat when my dog needed kidney stones removed. Much happier dog and 16 years young.
What about man hair? Beard trimming etc? First time anyone has asked me to shave their neck hair.
Yeah I mean whoever figured out you could eat acorns which if eaten raw are poisonous, but if you crushed them, rinsed them for days, and then cooked them they are tasty, that was pretty smart.
I have 2 cats and they go through a 10 lb food bag every 2-3 weeks. The bag costs 14$ because SOMEONE is a picky eater and barfs a lot. however you have to remember littler 20$ a month for my indoor outdoor kitties Vet bills - around 50$ a year for booster shots, rabies, etc, one time chipping costs about 75$ flea meds - 100$ for 6 doses, because if they get fleas they could get worms, and worms is gross and costs like 30$ to get rit of, also you know worms in cat but gross Accidents - 500$ because the same someone who is a picky eater got into a fight and got an abscess (three times) kitty towers - mine was 100$ but it's 10 years old and still great toys - i get a few toys a month from the 99 cent bin and the little one loves feather toys which are like 4$ a good vacuum - seriously. We have that fancy one that was like 400$ but if you can find a used Oreck those things are amazing What else - accessories collars, beds, etc. however much you want to spend
This is good acting.
DICKS DICKS DICKS
Made leftover for lunch. Half gone when I got up. SOMEONE stole my salad in the middle of the night. However he said he would have regretted it more if it were no so delishious. So I have that. Still had half a salad too.
That's not a meal? 2 pieces of pizza is like 600 calories. That's perfect.
My bf was appalled that I ate a bunch of radishes for dinner. I was broke and I love radishes. We make yummy healthy foods now. I sneak in healthy substitute when he is not looking.
What are you talking about. It was the spiders.
I was not allowed to bring my couch into the house. It lives in the outdoor bar. :( It is "ugly". However I got my Breakfast at Tiffanys poster as long as he got his Blues Brothers. Which look quite nice next to eachother.
I would be out of the yak and on the shore in 5 seconds flat. I had to get my 70 year old boss to kill the bastard who decided he would hang out by my mouse yesterday.
Kitties!
I'm 5'10" and 150. And I'm the "skinny girl". Uhh no.
I have pronated hip joints by 6 degrees. I trip a lot.
Shoe twins! My mini feet get all the shoes! But then I trip a lot. Less surface area too tall.
Plus one bottle is like 550 cal. Not too bad.
Rene and everyone else who says they can't cook needs to take a damn cooking class. If you don't taste the food you end up with this shit. I couldn't boil water properly at one point now I am making whole from scratch thanksgiving dinners. That are good.
Or juice clenses or the cayenne lemon water fast. Gross. Everyone is raving about juicing and all I can think of is a 500 calorie juice. Ugh. I'll take my hummus and solid non blended cucumber over here and nomnomnom.
Leftover salad! We just mix the last evenings protein with whatever is lying around in the fridge. Last time it was spinach leaves, corn on the cob (taken off), a tomato, feta cheese, carmelized onions, and I made a strawberry vinagrette. It was KICK ASS.
Is there a particular reason crunchy veggies are scary? Can you eat crunchy other things?
Unoficially they say her last words were "Eric did this to me"? So, how many Erics could be ina 5 mile radius? They just kind of breezed over that bit and focused on everyone else.
I guess you just do? I mean it's not like you can stop your life. You just plan a little. I was diagnosed 4 years ago with the eyes (most common) and 4 years fine then my hands went a bit tingly so that's fun but not too bad. I guess MS is just the wait and see disease, don't let it get you down and continue doing what your are doing. There are TONS of new medications and research out there and it continues to improve each year. :)
The only person I know who has one is my cab driver. I told the liquor store guy and the grocery but I guess they are waiting until the bank sends them one free.
Omg did you try the new nacho wrap? I don't want to be disappointed.
Hehe. After sex rubbing off your newly found chest hair. So much fur. Like a vest.
He thinks I'm the queen of salad. I just make my own dressing and add more than lettuce.
Heel is best!
That old urban legend about a lady who whacked off with a lobster. Do not try to find it. That and kiddy rapists. Who ducks an infant to death? People who drowned kittens and puppies. Ok. Done. Go snuggle a pet or loved ones now.
Try the 70s film summer of sodom or irreversible or Megan is missing.
Could be ms too.
You forgot prius. Prius = asshole bad driver
You can't ban them and you have to recognise someone who is married anywhere in the states regardless of sex, however probate judges could decide they no longer want to issue any marriege lisenses. Basically they could make it really difficult to get a lisense or signature signed if they really were dastardly enough.
Yeah, but how will it effect them. Not at all. LGBT percent of USA is 3-4% most of them living in already progressive cities or states. The good ole christian right will probably never attend or see a gay wedding, never have their life impacted, unless you know they see two girls kissing, but since that has been legal for a while, what else could be impacted? It's not like LGBT are going to flock to churches and invade peoples homes with totally fabulous and proselatizing door to door. It's going to pretty much be life as it has been but with some very happy gay people.
You could troll them by saying God sent a rainbow to Noah as a peace offering.
Friday through Sunday. It's Pride parade weekend. I think the court may stratigically passed it right before Pride weekend.
I go to a bar in the middle of silicon valley that is basically like Cheers. Everyone in the town is super fit like yoga mom, then you go into the bar and it's like banjos start playing and everyone is overweight and conservative. but they are super nice people and always bring in really good food. I am totally going today for lunch to see if there is any hubbub about gay marriege.
I just can't imagine not being able to fit into a booth table. Like how? There is always tons of room and I usually sit on my feet.
That should be taught too. They sort of do this in science where you need a cup of this or an ounce of that. But there should be more emphasis on tbs vs tsp. Countless people have no idea which is which.
22 BMI here and I feel like the only people that are skinnier than me in my friend group are a few older women in their 60s who are very active and one gal in her 40s who is just very petite. One time I got my BMI down to 19 and I was super happy with my body but everyone thought I was sick or something, that and I like greasy burgers some times.
My BF is in the same boat. He lost about 50 lbs two years ago and about 10 this year and he's still 205-210 at 6'1". Everyone tells him he looks great but he keeps telling him he's 20 lbs away from being not overweight.
Best line so far in text: " It would misunderstand these men and women to say they disrespect the idea of marriage. Their plea is that they do respect it, respect it so deeply that they seek to find its fulfillment for themselves."
Question for posters: Do you think OitNB is bringing light on the prison system and it's flaws? Bringing questions on private vs. state/fed? And is it a postitive change?
I drink a reasonable amount but get really sleepy and then go to bed early. Then get up early and cook food for people. The best part of a party is getting up early, going outside and enjoing the morning before people start waking up.
We sing "happy birthday fuck you". Make it so much better.
Yisss.
Drug shits. Oh god. People who do x or molly have the death poop. I used a Porta potty once at an event and I was going to puke from the smell but that would mean getting closer to the bowl. Oh god. Never again.
My doc said vit d was good too. I take gummies.
Diagnosed 5 years ago. Just 1 eye loss issue and numb hands. The treatment has gotten so much better. I get pain but mostly Avonex and vit d are awesome. I feel a bit guilty because so many people have it so much worse. Edit. I'm in my mid 30s.
Went to the beach on xmas and jumped in the water. People thought I was nuts but that cold salty pacific is my girl.
Nope. I bruise really easily not and can't do caffeine. And I'm now a polar bear. 35f at night? Windows open.
Not to common anymore. But there are many little villages where people fish for their dinner and don't have water. Everyone thinks of Russia as St Ps or Moscow but it has many small places and farms etc.
Tall people with very long legs who walk fast? All I know is it's slightly under 3 miles, maybe 2.5 and it takes about 30 minutes to walk. It is all downhill.
I was a train.
I liked the dogs and the tree aliens.
Be excellent to eachother. :)
Colorblind to a biology major grad from an ivy league school. I was just wft. I almost couldn't even.
We were too poor for that. I got fresh chicken sandwich and carrots. I felt like a king of lunch.
I went to visit a friend at the VA hospital and I looked at the computer. Using an unsupported and vulnerable op system. Thousands of veterans medical history and information are at risk because the government doesn't know how to upgrade. It was really sad. Oh yeah, and forget about investment firms. They use garbage systems as well. Side note, it's amazing how many office doors are out of balance and can be opened with a simple library card.
So...is the food shitty, or is op just a total moron? I mean, lunch, it's like, keys, glasses, phone, lunch, kiss spouse. Small list. You do it every day. How do you forget delicious foods?
Me to. So I got a nose ring instead of a nose job. My bf loves my nose and hates the ring. Lol. Go figure.
[MORTAL KOMBAT!!!!!!](http://mortalkombat.wikia.com/wiki/Raiden)
It was popular in certain places in the US to do the name mash-up but it was more like "MaryLynne" or "JimBob".
Is your teacher an ex-hippy? Also, that roads name was made up in the 40s because I guess Soda Springs was boring?
I would name a horse this.
Oh god, I stayed at a hotel where the owners kids were Honor and Merit. Gahhhhh
Tabasco on popcorn. A true delicacy.
I really wanted to paint my tacoma pink and get the plate "PNKTACO".
Oh god. I had to ban a gf of my roommate due to bleeding on everything. Ruined a chair.
90% sure the girl in the front is my friend.
The dental board of your state, the ADA, and the state and local dental societies. Bbb does nothing.
Ummm. Top jaw bone is connected to the rest of the skull...unless they just chopped off the bone from under the nose and eyes and sides.
Buffalo trace and wine.
Build your own?
The only wimpy spider is a daddy longlegs.
Most ranges have a policy that if you are solo you cannot rent a gun unless you have your own gun with you. Or you have to have a partner with you if you have no gun. It pretty much solves the suicide problem.
Which is bullshit. A buddy went that way and at the funeral everyone was devistated that we didn't help. He had a prior heroin problem and most had cut him out. His aunt got drunk and told his ex that it was aee and his current gf found him. This info made all of his friends feel Sooooo much better and we all left the bullshit funeral to hang out in his favorite woods area to tell funny stories of all his fuck ups.
Keep us updated with the skull id. Maybe post it when finished to see if anyone recognizes her. I never got to take a reconstruction class in school and I regret it.
Forensic people are funny as hell. They bought out all the "I see dead people" tshirts during one of their conventions.
Some dick boxed my buddy in. He was 1 inch from his bumper and no space in front. So I boxed him from behind. Motherfucker was a ninja and managed to get out with about 5 inches space. I wasn't even mad.
My boss does this in everything from email to our newsletter and it drives me nuts. We finally vetoed it from my enews because I write the damn thing. Stahhhp it not the 60s anymore.
I dated a hard core gamer. I kicked his ass in tetris when we got it for Xbox. Every game. I hadn't played in years. He blamed it on the controller. Bitch. Never challenge a Russian who had no friends and but had a Gameboy to tetris.
Because boobs.
I have made beer butt turkey every year. I started when my dad died and now my turkey is the must have. Last year I had to fly 3000 miles to bbq turkey in the snow. Totally worth it.
Try a small scale. I do 1 inch to 1 foot scale doll houses and furniture. Much cheaper. Plus you would not believe how much you can sell that for.
Monopoly. If I don't get the Scotty dog, fuck you. Not playing.
See a doctor. It helps.
Yesssss. I have a few wines and it's a train to sleepy town.
A con tiki cruise
I know one of those. She ended up getting a degree in psych and briefly opening up a Manga store in Australia but it went bust and now she's 30 and lives with her fat mom.
I recall one last year bragging that he's never sent an email in his life. Let alone used a smart phone for anything but calling . Their lack of technology knowledge is fucking frightening
And jaws are weaker shaped. Thanks mom.
Well yes they are durable because most of their bones are not fully formed so what would normally break a finger might just cause a lot of bruising and a very sad baby. Which is why small children don't get as many broken bones. But don't go dropping your babies to test this.
Items of non sentiment value are exempt and only items over about $1500 worth. So if you come in with a top of the line Alienware laptop it probably will be taken.
If it's not been already.
I see they fixed the bridge. Last year a big ass rock hit it and took out a big chunk on the right side of the photo.
I did that in 4th grade.
Or laugh because said bro is the bartender and his girl is buttering up the bar.
Ms. Brown. Stole my bunny stuffed animal in 3rd grade and told my parents I was retarded. The shrink said I was gifted. 15 years later she got fired for slapping a kid. She was evil.
It looks like an orthodox priest. Common mistake.
Swim in my wine and tell my bf he has to call us a cab.
Try different varieties. Most people only know the stupid styrefoam ones. Go to a Japanese market and get one of each. Try a pickled one too. For research.
Much of the research for diseases like this are federally funded. Big pharma has to please it's share holders and make them millions. It's a for profit business.
What are the 2nd year grad rate dues for tripartite members?
New yorker looooove to give directions
A homeless walked by me. Wearing the exact same jacket as me. I got it for 60 but I retails at 400. Fella had a sweet top hat too. Homeless in sf are classy.
My friend saw me waking up at camping and was just stretching and he was like, Uhh do you Meow every time you get up. I had no idea so I asked my bf and he confirmed that about 50% of the time when I do that little awake stretch I meow. :/ I Meow at my cats too though. They think I'm a moron.
Dental aid. Sorry you are too cheap to pay for your kids dental care. No I don't make 10 an hour, yes I went to college, and yes you are a cheap fuck who wants to take advantage of care for those really in need. If you can pay for college for your spawn you can pay the 1k to get their wisdom teeth removed.
I've seen it 3 times in 3 cities. Worth it. It comes around every 10 years or so. Another great one was the women of Egypt on new york.
I work with dentists, the graduates are now 50/50 male to female in my state. However many women are going into research, clinics, and other positions where they can spend less time at work and more time with their family. The staff is all female because it's a job that doesn't require heavy lifting like being a nurse but still pays very well with little schooling. An RDH can make $80 an hour after 10 years work. They usually start close to $30 depending on location even more.
I hate the US. This year is the first year I get FIVE DAYS off paid vacation in more than 6 years. I have a degree and have worked in IT and in the medical field.
If you google kinder egg it's all the same. A chocolate egg with a plastic container inside with a toy in that. I sold them in a store in the US for years.
You can get them in almost any Swiss, German, or Russian specialty shop. They are not banned. I sold them in the US for 4 years in the 00's
Some places don't have a garage. I just rented an apartment with "street parking" on the lease.
Call the towers. If it is blocking your entry it's a great tow for the company.
Our buddy died 5 years back and the guys still get together for shots at his grave. The leave the full bottle for whoever might need it.
My own damn town. Can't afford to buy a house here. If I could I'd buy the one that looks like a spooky castle.
We get drunk and sing the theme song all the time.
I'm kicking myself for not making an account for the first 2 years I was browsing. I'm hitting 8 this august.
What if you have a ba that should be a bs?
I have it on my macbook.
Boring but two 10 million dollar checks at the same time. I rubbed them on my chest. Take that rich investors.
Either Roger wilco, guysbrush threepwood, or zed. Any zed. Like wizard or biker.
Yes. Socks with rice. 2/10 will try with a clean one.
America has no assigned seating.
I lived in a garage for 6 months trying to find a place that took kitties. Fuck pieces of trash that leave their pets. I finally got a place for my fur babies. They still hate each other, but are ok.
My 11 year old cat just got converted to indoor because we moved from a nice quiet street to a small apartment on a main road. He hates it but I'm just glad he's ok. He's taken to removing all my socks from my drawers. His 3 year old step brother pooped 2 feet from the box to show his spite. Might need to get something to keep them busy. They like to scratch spare wood and play with straws and tinfoil. Real toys are ignored. Old man kitty plays with my keys when I have to leave. I love my stupid kitties
So like every communist style apartment in St Petersburg? We lived a bit with an aunt and piss in all the halls and stairs, broken doors, beer bottles, and Pantera written on the walls! God forbid the elevator ever work. I miss the stray cats. I threw my sausage out the window because I can eat blood sausage, but my aunt insisted we needed to eat. I saw a bus drive through the park once because the other rout was blocked. Nothing to see, just bus driving through park.
They are on my hell no email list. On my hell no speaker list. And my hell no contact list. In bold red. I tell all my program directors when they come in. It's good to be program specialist. Plus I got like 6 great speakers to work with for free because I'm nice.
I chewed out a district manager of a big hotel for sending me a ruined copy of this to my theatre so hard. Got a new one the next day. They had to pay 10k. I was 20 yrs old junior manager of a 1 screen art house. Worth it. You send me streaky scratched film, I send you film nerd death strike.
Watched it on and off for 6 months. Still good. Ahh, being a projectionist.
Yes. My sleep movies are this and count of Monte cristo. I watched it every night in college while going to bed my first year.
Cannot watch again. Cried so hard. Do not watch after your crazy tall telling stories dad dies. All of them were mostly true.
My ribs are 1 inch wider than my waist. So I wear things that flatter a small waist and not make me look like a box with boobs strapped on top.
Mine has fluff toes but he's shorthair and has big fat paws and tail. He's the bastard of 2 county farm cats. Super gentle and agile and loves to play. 20 lbs and you barley feel when he hops on your lap.
They have a few decent salads. But the rest is 1k plus cal.
These here parts we call it shirt cocking.
1k fines do that.
I will never give up my hotmail. It's glorious.
I live in my grans old flat. She was a crotchety old bitch. Holocaust survivor. Never felt safer in my life. I brought back her old chair and I have 2 cats just like her. I think she's making up for it.
Doll house shit is expensive. Put it on ebay for $20.
I still keep a set of clothes in a zip lock in my car and I'm a full blown adult.
God I would be an evil villain. Taking away their medical care and education.
Most bars have an account, a cab driver, or will comp you a ride within reason.
Dentist are making a big push to lower opioid and use a mix of over the counter scripts. The ada sends out tons of emails
As I recall, comet did make a tooth paste in the 30s. Could be wrong but it's in my head. Pepsident definitely did.
I broke my toe walking on flat ground. I suck at walking.
Lol. The names of my bartenders.
Kevin, is that you?
And old people call cashews (I think), "nigger toes ".
You don't know about proper tooth care either. 2 MINUTES, twice a day at least. Floss once. And swish with water or whatever your dentist tell you will help your gums.
Considering that half the flea medications are useless now, they shouldn't cost so much. Advantage and front line don't work at all in my county. Like it's more useless than dish soap. We switched to revolution which is good up to 6 weeks. Guess who got worms from fleas after 5 weeks. Meaning cat had the worms up to 10 days before. And we pay $90 for this? And no, they are not outdoor cats, no carpets.
I pick up all the cigarette butts in front of my complex. I smoke and I don't want them to think I'm the asshole. I made an ashtray and seating area.
It's the buritos you gotta look out for.
Hahahahaha. 550 Sq ft. 1878 a month. Dual income, no kids.
Muholand drive. Damn you lynch.
Jughead and jellybean. Oh and Adolf
My cat does ass bites. He can't help it. He just sees butts and bites. Then runs away in shame.
My cat killed a mouse like that. Did not eat it. Didn't even gift it. He was just doing his job.
Where is all of that only 10 dollars? Honey and siracha is like 10. I think maybe if you just buy the pork and veggies it would be 10, but all the ingredients, ginger, soy, lime, baguette, way more than 10.
In our town a theatre owner kicked out the company renting it who were in good standing, and let the huge building sit and rot for 10 years hoping the city would change their mind and let him build a 5 story office park (law is only 3 story or less) and the land was zoned for a theatre. He also ripped out the historical maquis in the dead of night. The building got condemned because he left the doors open and it flooded. He got to tear it down but lost money for 10 years just to end up having to build a theatre again and required parking and only a handful of offices.
Which is why I've put off getting an implant in a tooth that has half a root and falling out for 6k. And I work for dentists
My fat ass cat can't even jump on a chair. He is old though. Not fat, just old.
How interesting. I really love smells, even questionable ones. I just thought everyone could get lemon scent in their head. Not orange, but lemon. I wonder if I could make a perfume I like. How does one take a class or be a hobbiest?
If you have a neuro disorder and can't remember visually very well, do you rewire for smell? I can't remember faces until I know someone very well, and sometimes just by memorizing their facebook picture, but if they have a distinct smell like brute deoderant, or a particular hand lotion I remember that.
Sweet, I'm only half as bad.
Get friend or spouse to hold cats and play with them. Or make bed over cats. They will figure it out. I rolled over my cat last night. He just wiggled out. It does help that I'm small and he's 20 lbs of pure muscle.
Hugs. Feel ya. My body is trying to kill itself because it thinks it's evil. Cheer up. There's always warm beaches and days off.
The best thing to dip pita bread in.
Many people who can't deal with death and trauma laugh and make jokes as a way to cope. I don't know if hes a dick, but he may have been seriously freaked out and had no idea what to do.
I'd make him a cup of tea and a tin cookie dish. It's my damn house.
Wait, they cant? Wtf, it's like a basic skill they used to teach 6 year olds. :/
Our teacher kept a few plushies in the back for kids who could not afford one or whose parents sucked. Just said, oh your mom dropped it off.
You are getting a masters. It's "a lot".
Just read the first 2 or 3. It gets pretty bad.
100 page appendix. Can't stop reading ability. Super spooky. Super long. Makes you think. A plus
You like 80s? Have all the 80s. Nostalgia. In yo faceeeee. 80s. Video games. 80s. Music. 80ssssss. Take the 80sss, in the. Future. Hssssss. Just like guardians and the 70s, only 80ssssssssssss!!!!!
Try it with zombies next. And Jane eyre is another good novel of similar but darker genre.
Shit, I think I started that in high school. Never finished. Can't remember half. Zapzap. Was that the one with zed? So many books.
Atwoods scifi is good. Other stuff, a bit smarmy.
The war parts were boring but princess katias dewy upper lip was entertaining
Try not to get depressed and avoid locomotives.
Except that goddamn turtle. Worst character ever.
Is that the one with the black guy or the crazy kid. Or is it both. I get this and catcher in the rye mixed up.
And all your Disney movies are ruined.
Dumas for lyf.
Fuck. I've read almost every book on the top 50 comments. Just hot the final sue grafton, no z sigh. Christopher Moore on the list, confederacy of dunces was good, boys in the boat was a nice history, can't remember the heist like book I read, or the Clinton conspiracy one. Brain issues suck. But I can read the same book like 5 times. So many books hiding in my head. Infinite jest was my big one of 2017. Fuck. French. German. Obscure history. Drugs. Canadian wheelchair assassin. Milk and vodka. Good shit.
Bars use them for mimosas. You don't want a full bottle for 1 mimosa.
How about make it a point to donate to any charity, even a little each year on his birthday or something with a note saying in honor of him teaching us to be excellent to eachother.
He was like that for like 20 minutes.
Ps. He's 15, old, cranky, and can't put his claws in. So he ain't cute, but he's my best friend and I love him. Stupid cat whore.
I feel for your wife. I'm 5'10" 140 lbs and I'm mobile, but I have ms, and some days I can't function. I have yet to use a blue boy spot because I want to wAlk, but it makes me rage inside when I see someone park in a spot without a card who runs in and runs out. Fuck you. I'm not allowed to carry a hockey stick for this reason.
He probably doesn't know Haiti shares an island with the dr. Or that it's a country at all.
It has to do with the exoskeleton. At some point it would be to big to move. Which is why we can't have giant spiders, unless they get super muscles. The day someone figures that out I'm moving to the moon. Where, with the lower gravity, giant spiders could survive. Crap, mars, more gravity. No giant spiders, plus they found water there.
Best show I've ever seen, over nyc nnye, china, and disney, was burning man. That shit can get crazy.
I want to see if lsd or other drugs might help her. It's a great feral case.
They are awesome. My friends gran bought one because the roads were dirt and it would be expensive to ship all the wood, but the train came through their property so they just put it in 5 pieces and put on a train to their poured slab. It's awesome.
No. Just nope no no no. Like leave house no. Like get someone to murder it and show proof of death. Then dousing house in peppermint oil and all the stuff spiders hate. Then buy some large spider eating birds. Then hire a professional spider killer to be my bodyguard. Then sleep in a hermetically sealed room that spiders can't enter.
We went to a 30-50$ plus a person place once with my parents and their friends. 6 adults 3 kids under 10. Maybe 6, 8, and 9. The waiters were so impressed by our good behavior we got free desserts, but I didn't want any because I didn't eat sweets, weirdo kid, so they came out with a bowl of raspberries. That waiter got a huge tip. They were worried at first about kids in their fancy french place, but when they saw us kids were the kind of kids who could be good in a nice place all was well. I even tried snails. Yum!
Or you transfer all you assets to your partner, don't get married, or own joint property, have an old address on your ID card, pretend to be homeless, tada, free health care. My friend was actually homeless and prego and I think she paid $20 for a medication. They gave her a bunch of baby stuff and housing in a shelter. Shes better now. Kids fine. This is why educated employed people don't have kids anymore
I just leave all my doors open. They take over the closet, the bathroom, everywhere. We don't even close the bathroom door when showering or peeing. Otherwise they claw at the door and get tear paws stuck under the door. Big baby (20 lbs) gets so concerned about the shower he pokes his head in every few minutes and waits on the rug until you are out. Fatty old butt (they have names, but we just call them dirty names) will not be satisfied unless he's touching you. At all times. Just a paw, or on your lap, or all up in your shit. And he's old so his claws don't go in. Claws all the time.
I have the cheapest apartment in that area. $1800. 1 br. I got really lucky. I'm in a nice town, think menlo, but not, cheap laundry, utilities included, 6 blocks to train and downtown. Plus nice hardwood floors. Oh, and pets allowed and a patio. I just magical ninja found it. The only negatives, my upstairs neighbor has a squeaky bed, and slugs come thru the wall when it rains. Like who the fuck gets alugs. Like they are cute and slow, and we get like one or 2 a week. We just pick em up and return them outside. How they get through suck a tiny hole (like a electric wire hole from outside wall) defeats logic.
Unless I drink, I sleep about 5 hours and just stare at the ceiling until a cat bothers me for food. Not sleeping sucks balls. I wish my body wanted to peacefully sleep for 7 or 8 hours.
Exactly. My friend is 6'4" and 225 and is pretty skinny looking. Ain't no way he's that light.
I'll stomp on frogs and shove a crow bar up my nose if that fatty is only 100 lbs more than me. My bmi is 19, I'm 5'10" and I'm a girl. I look like a broom with tits.
I have 4 pairs and 1 sunglasses. I get them cheap and dirty. But knowing if shit hits the fan. I'm better off than most vision impaired peeps.
They have a how it's made picture book bible with specs and everything. Hide it and slowly invent fulcrums and shit.
100 a week for 5 or 6 bottles of shit qhisky, smokes costing 1 buck a pack, bum food off family, friends, churches, donations etc, free living at a family or friends house, boom. Alcolism, and drug abyse, mixed with depression are an interesting aspect of the human intelligence.
There are some really nice subs for loss on here. I'm on my mobile so I can't link, but reach put to some internet strangers if you can't talk to humans. &lt;3
My crazy dreams. You ever see a giant chicken turn into a cat after it kills a giant prion? Yeah. Happy ending on that one.
It's a Californian drawl. Go to places like angels camp and a lot of the guys sound like that. It's freaking sexy. And very california rural. We have dialects.
You quit and get a new job. Don't give a fuck. I rather flip burgers than work I job I hate. Plus burger flipping is 14.50 an hour.
I think the Pope is for priests to be able to have families. But it has to do with rules or some shit.
Chain means more than 3. So fucking Harrys hoffbrau. The turkey is the shit!
After the discovery of antibiotics the death ages in cemeteries drastically changed on average. I did a study on a cemetery that was civil war til modern times in a rural county.
Seriously! We added a lovely table and chair set to our porch and a beautiful glass wreath on our door and flowers in the yard in front of our door in our 5 unit place and we get compliments and the new neighbors got a pretty door decoration and got a bunch of pretty planter pots. I call when the water heater dies, and make sure the light is on after dark. Sure, upstairs guy has loud sex, but hey, he's a good guy. Enjoy squeaky bed comrad.
I'm aspie about movies. I've seen count of Monte cristo and jurassic park like 300 times, and rocky horror so many times I don't want to admit. I've seen guardians 2 about 20 times so far. Grandma's boy get honorable mention as I watch it when nothing is on.
Oh shit, I forgot to add this to my list. Maybe 50 times.
Ahh yes, all 3 films are rewatchable.
Vegan tacos.
His name is doug and he voted for trump because he didn't trust hilarious but he loves his mama, his dog, and his truck. No edits, that auto correct stays.
Bring poutine, you can be part of the America party.
California, where yeah, no means no. No yeah means yes. And duh can mean both.
You chose wisely. Humor and caring. Tell him the internet hugs him.
Instead of ants on a log you can offer grapes on a log. Maybe call them dragon eggs or something cool. Fruit, peanut butter and celery. Ooh, or I just saw a strawberry hat on a marshmallow with a slice of banana. It looked like a snowman. I feel ya on food, I was the worst child, until my mom discovered I would eat salami and mustard on sourdough toast 3 times a day everyday for years. Easy to prep, never gets soggy and cheap.
It was just like mexican girl eyebrows, it will always be there, just a different style.
This is called failed parenting. Raise yo kids.
Sometimes I wonder why I'm not a,stripper. I have a better body than 75% of the twenty somethings out there and don't need drugs because I lived thru the 90s.
It was a joke. I'm from sf. I love me hummus so much I might die from it.
Depending on gravity. We can have big bugs, but not 8 foot tall freaks. I looked into it one time just in cast. Thank the Lord for paleontologists.
Just a wee bit. My buddy is 6'4" and low muscle mass, 230. And he looks quite thin aside from a bit of a dad bod. No effing way trump is,the same weight. Or height.
Yessss
Its,a terrible place
A person whose smart but lazy or a person whose dad told him he was a dumbass for not knowing it.
I think it could have been more tasteful. I've seen many videos and photos. But people have no concept of respect these days.
Oh god. Good thing I'm not single. I was probably drunk writing that. Upon looking on that, it looks vapid as fuck. Thanks
I think fear of emp bombs will keep the government from tossing all the old toys. And Faraday cages for us plebs. One cannot underestimate smart hillbillies.
Try spring. There will be tons of needy babies. Or ask to be put on an adoption list if they have one.
As of 2011 he has no income, live off public assistance and can't get a job. Has no royalties and got no money after his parents death. I hope he dies slowly.
2016 clown sightings. Lololol.
Where'd ya find it, if it's not in public domain? Transcripts are. But the tape is not.
Transcripts of the tape and trial video. Never found the actual tape. So he's either full of shit or found it on 4chan.
Taserface?!!!
Dishicus. I'm the god of dishes. I can bestow my love by making sure the scum and gard stuff just slides off, and if you slip and drop a cup or plate it doesn't break or make a huge mess. However, my wraith comes by way of you grab one cup and 4 fall over and break in your cooking, your Pyrex shatters in the oven, and the baked on grease mess takes hours to get off, might as well toss it. Do not mess with the dish goddess. She can snap a wine stem for no reason.
It's a drink. Milk is a drink with added bits. The cerial is like adding oreo to a shake.
Or low fat. Carb free. Gluten free. Or any of that mumbo jumbo. Light it on fire, see how much water it boils.
Alaska has nice little snack packs for $7. They remind me of the goodies you get in trains in russia. Nuts, hummus, veggies, a full box of yummies for the same cost as a starbucks box. Tastes good. Then again I can smell things way too well. Everyone says, quit smoking, you will taste more. Oh hell no. I don't want to taste or smell more. It's way too much. I identified a plastic fire 30 minutes before it started flaming. I asked 4 people to smell the office. Everyone thought I was nuts until it was on freaking fire.
Boxes. No shame. I'll ask for a box anywhere.
My town is so safe I got a 51 inch stuffed monkey delivered to my door and nobody even winked an eye that a huge box was just sitting by my door.
Can you find the audio and post it everywhere?
My response is, thank you! I'm built like barbie. Thanks genetics. And I'm sure they are healthier than me as I have a genetic disease where I can't overheat. Aka. No running or cardio. But I eat when I'm hungry and finish when I'm full with a mindful eye on my intake.
32dd, I'm almost 6 foot and I weight 140 lbs. I'm not even skinny. I have a tummy and love handles. Ain't no way 215 is "thick". 215 is how much my 6'4" best friend male weighs.
And this is why we wear hoodies and loose tops. I have stupid boobs. Like fat on my ribcage. Yay, fun. Not. So I dress for comfort. When I wear nice clothing, people are like, damn, where you been hiding those sweater kittens. Gahh.
It would take me 3 days to eat a pizza. I couldn't even finish a pint of Pepsi yesterday.
Sometimes I eat less than 500, but I drink at least 700 cal on those days. I don't get hungry or forget to eat, so I just eat a bag of crackers, or a sandwich, and then a bottle of wine. Not healthy. But I don't get fat when I don't eat. Magic.
Lol. My idea of a joke. 9 years ago I didn't want to be known as a girl on the internet, but reddit was so nice and friendly then. So I warmed up, but I thought the nic was funny, so I never made an alt. Now I'm invested and my 10 year cake day is coming up. It would be more, but I lurked for a year. Before that I was on fark and metafilter.
Elbows. Elbow stretch marks. Rarrrr.
Oh snap. I thought I had all the reddits. Good find.
Like the story of a lady who was sleeping and heard a noise and her dog lucked her but in the morning she found her dof dead in the shower and it was a guy licking her under the bed.
Keanu reeves.
I don't like Tom hanks and if he fucks this up then I really won't like him.
Those hearts floating across the screen every time you type random letters.
Every time I get a fee, I call and tell them to look at my balance, and everyone with my very rare last names balance. They shut the fuck up and apologise for the incorrect fee. My credit card is 1.5% because loyal customer since 1992. Also they fucked up hard a few years ago and canceled and reissued my cc instead of atm. Fucking my credit for 6 months.
When he loves your cats as much as you do. Like leave work because kitty might have urinary blockage love.
Hey now. Borscht did nothing to you. It's delicious.
We were watching a lunar eclipse.
Not like he wrote it. It's just a figure head speach. Like all of them. Doesn't matter who, or what party. Meh.
I might be crazy, but I think ucsc has one.
Shark is like bear or wolf of sea. Don't mess with it, it will not mess with you unless you are tasty.
The mail man probably couldn't read it anyway. No one can read cursive. It's terrible.
A hootie and the blowfish cd on my 16th birthday. I like metal. :/
Oh man was de sade a kook. Bleeding women, rapey, bastard he was. Great stories for murder horror.
Matress sales are a scam. Just find someone who works in a hotel and they can get up to 3 new good matresses for 150 bucks.
Americans think water and plug is bad and dangerous. And the voltage is lower so it takes longer than just microwaving 1 cup, or having a metal kettle on the stove before guests come. The electric kettles here are garbage and get rusty or start smelling funny.
