I've started re-reading it, been a while so I decided to give it another go. Lots of things I notice and appreciate more now that I did when I was younger. Phenomenal series.
Yeah, but...I see what you did there.
We know how easily it is to replicate something so replicating non-functioning pieces of a ship and throwing them together for an exhibit probably wouldn't be too difficult. (Even been to a presidential museum in the US? They all have replicas of the Oval Office, Air Force One, etc). Alternatively, they could be other ships of the same class that didn't have the distinction Enterprise did. They just slapped the Enterprise name on them for the exhibit.
Not a bar, exactly. But I think this place shows Chicago sports team games. http://www.tastechicago.biz/ It's owned by Chicago native and actor Joe Mantegna.
I may be in the minority but I didn't like any of the movies you mentioned. In fact, I haven't liked anything he's done since Reindeer Games and let's be honest, that wasn't a good movie, I just thought it was kind of dumb fun. I'm just saying I've seen nothing at all that convinces me. I'll wait for the movie but I'm skeptical. That's all I'm saying.
I know. But like I say, this is prrtty much my only indulgence. I rarely go to the movies, I don't buy antiques or have any expensive hobbies, i don't go to concerts or I work and eat. So i don't feel like I'm too much in the wrong by enjoying my one meal a day. I'm not broke or desperate by any means, I'm just frugal. But my girlfriend is about to be downsized and $5K or so would be a nice cushion to have while she's out of work.
I rarely look anyone in the eye but its not a lack of self respect. It's a habit I formed back when I worked retail. You get so many people blathering about shit don't matter you had to find a way to difuse the situation. I look at the chest, or neck, or turn my head slightly away as if turning my ear toward their voice. It gives an illusion I'm still paying full attention but If you don't make eye contact they either lose interest and cease their inconsequential babbling or they narrow their focus to the relevant information.
Y'know, pretty sure OP was joking. Much like me. Fuck's sake, dude.
Advantage was far and away the best for me. When I was a kid i hated the original controller. (Do you count the Game Genie as an accessory? Cause I loved that thing.) Worst? Power Pad. Never did a more useless shitpiece exist in this world.
"Sir, do you know what a Cleveland Steamer is?"
I myself never had any unfortunate nicknames but I nicknamed a guy Meatplow. I don't know why.
I guess it's not specific to our era but I think childbirth will eventually go away. As science becomes more advanced I think "test tube" babies gestated in labs will become the norm. It will remove the effects of childbirth on the body as well as the time and complications involved with pregnancy. Women won't have to take time off work any longer, for example.
If i had to guess, sounds like it might be this: http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0115208/ Mobile link, sorry. Hotline, 1994, starring shannon tweed
My cat has FeLV, too. While he's ok now knowing what will be the eventual outcone terrifies me. I cherish every moment I have with him. Do the same with Doodle. She seems like a sweet little thing. I hope she does well for a long time to come.
That's true. That's why the NES sitting in my closet is just sitting there today. That aside, the stuff it could do for games was pretty damn cool.
It was Holland's At Law.
I think we all knew that well before seeing the picture.
When I moved recently I had to keep the entirety of my house and most of my worldly belongings in storage for a month. I used 1800-PACK-RAT. Not too expensive, they drop the storage pod off at your place, you load it up, they come back and take it away to their facility and there it stays til you tell them to drop it off at your new place.
You know, a fella can google the shit out damn near anything. But there's nothing really wrong with asking folks for personal experiences. Next time you ask anybody here or even your friends or anyone anywhere for anything, pause for a moment and imagine them insulting you and saying "google it, loser." The man asked a fair, legitimate, reasonable question. Nothing wrong with that.
I honestly cannot imagine the show without Wes.
I'm allergic to citrus. I'll take apple-trek.
Three tricks will get you out of this: 1) Keep your cell phone to your ear and just start talking. You're distracted, they likely won't stop you. 2) Learn to say "I don't speak english" in an obscure language. French, though not obscure, tends to work well. Polish, russian, some slavic language works even better. 3) Learn "Sorry, I don't understand" in sign language. They will leave you alone in a flash. It's like they're afraid deafness is contagious. I always use one of the above tricks, I haven't had to deal with these people in years.
Perhaps I misread it and if so I apologize, but your response to OP seemed a bit condescending. *Am I the only one that knows how to use google anymore?* That seems to be the standard snarky response on reddit to anyone who asks a question that might not be too deep: *Let me google that for you...* Yeah, anyone can google, everyone knows how, I just assume when someone asks on something like this then they're looking for more than just the black and white, more than just some facts, they want some experiences, some real world information. So just saying "google it" doesn't really help and seems like sort of a pissy response. That's how I see it, maybe it's just me.
Yeah, screw that noise. I got a guy just started at my work and decided to start watching it after he heard myself and someone else discussing the show. It's never too late.
Inauguration? He won a political race, too? Busy sumbitch, that Franco.
http://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance
Someone's stolen a couple shirts.
Obama's coming to town two weeks from today, could be practice runs for Marine One.
There's two clean bowls of water and a fountain style water bowl with a filter, he's not hurting for water. He does this weird stuff sometimes. I'll find him drinking from the toilet if I leave the lid up. My other cat doesn't do this, it's just him being him.
Yeah, i use a fountain style water bowl with flowing water, he likes thst. And I put ice in it sometimes. Seems to fascinate him.
I don't have plants for exactly this reason. It's usually not a problem, he just decided to have a sip this time.
That seems to be his thinking. I usually use a sports bottle type but this one time...
&gt; right next to Forest Lawn I understand your neighbors are very quiet.
That's not true. You can work at BofA and visit the Reagan Library and...and...and leave.
I was in Virginia so it was Southern Baptist which happens to be even more ridiculous than the normal baptist. I misspoke earlier, I did actually go to a church once about ten years ago. Just to see what it was like. It was supposedly very layback non-denominational christian. The pastor, somewhat well known fellow, begins his sermon by saying "The Jews...theirs is a history of killing..." He didn't mean them getting killed, like the slavery in Egypt or the Holocaust, he meant all that killing they did. Like that time they killed Jesus. I got up and walked out. Never went back again. But I'm not anti-religion or atheist or even agnostic. Rather, I've developed a very personal spiritual belief system that's somewhere between judeo-christian generality, gnosticism and Buddhism.
Yeah, that sounds about right. We didn't have many catholics where I was from but I do remember some very strong anti-catholic sentiments whenever it would come up.
Sounds like he's overdue for his TJ surgery and a career ending stint in the bullpen.
Should've been a NEWSTIME magazine.
I've met baptists, catholics, jews and many other religious people who were wonderful, kind people. I've met atheists and agnostics were total dicks. And vice versa. There's different types of all people. Sometimes you get the good ones, sometimes you get bad. You've been lucky. I can't say the same.
Not a movie but I hope it counts: Anybody seen the pilot episode of Black Mirror "National Anthem"? If you have, then you know. If not...well.
I can honestly watch any other episode of the series over again even though I need a mental break after, like an episode of Friends or something so benign that you chuckle at a lame one-liner, some mental bleach I guess. But I cannot watch National Anthem again.
&gt;how much he hated being in Britain due to the politicians...our NHS If he has issues with shitty politicians and a shittier health care system, the US is *really* not going to make him any happier.
I'd accept that but the last scene of the series was Bob's reflection in Coop's mirror. If your theory was right we'd have seen Leland. Maybe they could re-edit the scene and put Leland's face in the mirror.
It's entirely possible we already have.
Lived across the street from a family who would have crazy parties one weekend. The following weekend they'd have a weird religious cult meet in the frontyard where they watched videos and sang weird songs. They were hoarders so the yard was always full of junk. Often there'd be one or more cars one of them would be junking or rebuilding. Sometimes he'd have a couple cars he was repairing for other people. They had a pit bull that tried to eat everything that walked by. It killed their other dog once. The eldest member of the family used to park his van in front of my house while he sat inside the cab and drank some modello and smoked cigars. Most annoying of all the entire family would park their cars in front of my house. There was plenty of parking in front of their own house and they had ample driveway space. But they constantly parked i front of my house. For no good goddamn reason whatsoever.
Transformer.
Ex, huh? So...she's single?
[Longplayer.](http://www.answers.com/Q/What_is_the_longest_song_ever_recorded)
Move to Sun Valley! ........said no one, ever.
On The Road, Kerouac
These are straight up fucking amazing.
Got to start somewhere. New York was swampland once. But now all of Afghanistan pretty much looks like this again.
Hannibal Lector
We were in a restaurant having a nice meal. Somehow it ended in a yelling match about why I didn't like Huckleberry Finn.
I test drove a Prius.
The Way I Mate by the Rednex
Rage Against The Machine on a Lexus
And then they caused a pileup on the 405
That's not even the point. From the truck to OP's porch motherfucker ought to at least pretend like it's a piece of mail for the customer not a turd somebody lit on fire and tossed at him and he can't get rid of it fast enough. Think about it this way. If you go into a store and want an item. They don't keep it on the shelf, clerk has to go in back to get it. No doubt that thing's been bounced all over creation and dropped and shaken and everything else before it ended up in their stockroom. But the clerk is going to come bringing it to you in his or her hands like it's precious to you both and you expect that. If the clerk comes out with it dragging on the ground and then tosses it at you with a hearty "fuck you very much for your patronage" then the fit gonna hit the shan, am I right? Why should you expect a postal worker delivering your mail to be any less courteous and respectful of your mail?
Yep, this 'un.
Took four months to get that listing. Friend of a friend. You'll hear the term "Circle of Influence" a lot, it's just fancyspeak for "folk you know." Evenings you can likely show houses for established agents. Lot of people want to go by places after work. Work it on your own, too. Check your local MLS and review expired listings, for sale by owners, make notes of who to call the next day or who to send mailers to, things like that.
Relevant username.
&gt; Can you ask your gf if she has any specific advice for female drivers? I'd love tips on what possible issues there are and the best way to navigate those. Take the 6 AM to noon shift, mostly. Lots of people to and from work, lunch breaks, etc. It's busier and you'll make more money at night, 6 PM to 2 or 3 AM, but the bullshit is worse. Lots of drunk men. Everyone has to pre-register with Uber of course, they have credit cards on file, it's not as if you're picking up a complete unknown, but drunk guys are going to be drunk guys. Never anything more than uncouth comments and suggestions. Still not worth dealing with it. Also, she does keep pepper spray in more than one place in the car where it's easily accessible. Never been any problems but better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it, right?
bing? That's still a thing? Seriously, though, similarly I told a friend about it, someone who would never normally consider watching anything with "zombie" anywhere near it, but I just got her to watch it using the "it's Veronica Mars-ish" pitch and she's hooked. Really well done little show, this one.
You don't say a bad word about Charlotte. Don't you dare. We gonna have words, you and me.
Nope. Not at all. Batman hassles Superman for about fifteen minutes, cut to the alley, "Do you bleed?" Superman hits him with a blast of heat vision, that's enough of that shit. Rest of the film is a Superman movie not a Batman circlejerk.
Ah, that makes more sense. Carry on.
uuuhhh....well, I don't really know what the other responses here are, especially that one...whatever it is. I don't read the ongoing but what I understand is this: Superman has a new power, a solar burst of radiation, big blast of raw power. When he uses it, he becomes powerless for about 24 hours or so. Lois figured out Clark is Superman and outed him to the media. Fit proceeds to hit the shan. That's all I got.
Girl I worked with got fucked up at her birthday party and on a dare proceeded to blow every guy there. 15 of them, sitting in a room, cocks out and waiting for her while she gobbled her way from one to the next.
Diphthong.
Well, she never had another birthday party. Never even had another birthday. Moved to Vegas, turned tricks for a bit then od'd.
At least she didn't ask for tree-fiddy.
Not yet.
There were no swordfights, just one after the other and she drank some vodka between each dick.
About an hour. There was some concern she wouldn't finish after dick #9, she passed out midway through that one, just out cold, cock in mouth. They jostled her awake after a minute or two and she powered through, trooper that she was.
What's that? Not sure I can make out what you're saying, it's hard to hear you from so high up on that horse. Would it matter if I said that I actually loved this girl? That she was my girlfriend when this happened? (I was out of town that week and wasn't at the party. Not like I stood by and watched or participated.) That I actually tried to get her clean several times? Some things can't be helped. Some people, too.
Like I told someone else, she sipped some vodka between each dick. Sort of cleaned it out.
They were seated in a circle but yeah, one right after the next. edit: I just got it.
The only thing you've made me think about is how and why the internet still has White Knights floating around. Get back over to /r/gonewild and try to save some of those "lost souls" maybe you'll get lucky, who knows. Whatever else, do everyone a favor and get over yourself.
To a certain extent that's true but as I told someone else, nothing in her life happened she didn't want to happen.
Most were all the way. Everybody finished but some had a helping hand of their own. She took care of it, though.
If she had given mindwarping bj's maybe I could understand but she wasn't particularly good at them. She was enthusiastic when she was sober (which was rare) and just sloppy when she was messed up.
Maybe "El" means "hope" in Kryptonian.
In a row?
"It was more fun in hell." "I have died a thousand tiny deaths and every time I died I thought of you." Linsner's art is some of the greatest I've ever seen. I was able to get my hands on a quartet of signed Dawn prints at one point. Absolutely beautiful stuff.
[You'd think that, but...](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crazy_Quilt)
No.
Dude, that was a daily occurrance and it was the least disgusting/weird thing that happened in our bathrooms. If you're curious, I wrote a book about my years working at B&amp;N. I can pm you the link if you're interested, I won't post it here lest I be accused of spamming.
Quit complaining. Few months from now when it's dark at 5 PM we're going to be longing for these days.
There were plenty of people who did it literally, so our guy is cool in my book.
Just in general, book of life kind of deal.
Me, too. She looks like she could be pretty hot.
I believe it's a habit people develop here after having to consistently swerve to avoid the idiots who just walk off the curb into the streets.
I live in L.A. and actually got to see if fly over my house during this run. It was a hell of a thing. I've been to the Science Center to visit it on display. Amazing.
It's possible that a "year" in Federation time isn't a "year" to us. Ours is 364 days but as someone else pointed out a Vulcan year is probably closer to 230 days. (Memory Alpha gives Vulcan as having a year 456 earth days long, however.) I have no idea what an Andorian year or a Tellar year would be. Supposing the theory is correct about a year being similar for all planets with advanced life inhabiting the "Goldilocks" zone is correct, then we assume Andorians and Tellarites had a year that spanned 200 to 400 days. So, just like they created a new method of datekeeping with Stardates it's entirely possible they created an entirely new calendar that somehow averaged the year of all four founding worlds of the Federation to create a new "star-year." (This is my wording, TNG 3.2 "The Ensigns of Command" refers to a "Standard UFP Solar year" which might be what they're using.)
I got one: "you're"
As an overweight dude, it's kind of annoying.
Actually, I believe this shit right out of this. I lived in Burbank for a while and one night, 2 or 3 AM, I head to the all night grocery and pass a parking garage. Inside the garage I saw it plain as day, it was well lit in there, big ass fucking cat. Exactly like the one you describe. Freaked me right the fuck out.
Every version of Windows.
Stoya
America, man. Guilty until proven innocent.
So when you have sex I assume you enjoy getting bj's and having vaginal intercourse? Porn is fantasy. It's entertainment. Think of it this way--you drive to work everyday. When you watch a movie, do you want to see a guy drive to work, sit at red lights and wait in traffic? No, you want to see car chases, cars flipping and drifting and jumping. Movies (porn included) are fantasy entertainment. You watch them for the exciting stuff. Simple as that. Go forth and fap In peace. You're cool.
You'll get there, don't worry.
&gt;I can imagine this sort of mentality in the deep south South, south, there's only racist people in the south...fuck this shit. I'm sorry, I take offense to this as a Southerner by birth. You know what the difference between racist southerners and racist folk everywhere else? Southerners are just more opinionated and thus more open about it. That goes for blacks and whites. Here's what you'll be surprised to learn: There's racists and bigots everywhere. There's just as many tolerant people everywhere, too. There's plenty of white people that hate black people. There's plenty blacks that hate whites. Asians hate blacks, blacks hate asians, they all hate whites, whites hate all them, so on and so on. You will not find an ethnicity or religion in this world that doesn't have a percentage of its populace that doesn't hate some other ethnicity or religion no matter where any of them live. L.A., New York, Alabama, Paris, London, Brazil, Sydney or the fucking North Pole. That's just the way it is. I don't know if it will ever change. Not in our lifetimes. Only thing I see happening is it may swing one way or the other--people will either become more vocal about their distrust/dislike/hate for others or they'll become even quieter about it and just save their opinions until they know they are in like company...or until they go online. Welcome to the real world, friend.
I'd give up a Klondike bar.
So did Folty but look what happened.
I think it's a joke. 'Cause she appears to be taking a leak. So..."leaked."
Yeah, tooth went bad on him. He's doing very well, much to my relief.
I looked into insurance but some wouldn't cover him because of his condition (FeLV) or the ones that would were so outlandishly expensive it was just easier to pay as needed when something came up. But I agree it's absolutely a worthwhile investment for most.
I don't have insurnace. They would under normal circumstances but my boy has FeLV so the insurnace either wouldn't cover him or it would be extremely costly, in the long ruin it was easier to just pay as issues came up like this.
God...I hope that asshole got some kind of punishment for that. Either through the law or you just kicking his ass. And that's such a stupid thing to say,"Why didn't you just let her die?" Like you said, if it were your child they wouldn't question any expense you went to in order to save their life. This cat is my family. No expense I wouldn't spare.
I'm doing great, we all are. Thank you.
He had a rough start in life. Born into an animal hoarder situation. They kept him locked in a small cage in a bathroom for days at a time. He got out and escaped into my yard. I didn't know he was sick when I took him in. Even if I'd known it wouldn't have stopped me.
He's ok. Just a tooth. He's feeling better already.
Nope, L.A.
:)
Very true Thank you. :)
I hope he pulls through.
Exactly. One more crappy year. We can handle it.
He's the treasure.
Thing is, you know they'd do the same for you. Maybe more.
He's pretty much ok. Keep him indoors, feed him healthy food, I give mine lysine in his food, supposed to help keep him healthy. Supposedly the average for one that contracts it as a kitten is about 7 years but....we'll see. Really, I haven't noticed anything that would separate him from any other cat. Just have to be careful and keep an eye on him in case he does start to seem unwell. Good luck with your little one.
I'm so sorry. :(
I'm so sorry to hear that. Same thing, though. My boy escaped a hoarder situation as a young cat. I didn't pay a dime for him. Lots of vet bills though and lots more to come, I'm sure but it's worth every penny. Your girl was very cute. I'm so sorry.
Nick Cage. That shit don't need an explanation.
Nick Cage. He's been stuck in shit movie, joke status for a long time but he's actually a great actor when he tries. If he were to show up in some indie flick or a Tarantino movie I could see it happening.
Right now he's damaged goods. Box office poison. He wasted his fortune and went broke, he was so in debt he had to do any and every movie he could to make a buck and a lot of those were rushing rivers of pure liquid shit. In Hollywood you're only as hot as your last picture and the only heat off his movies has been the steam off the turds. Consequently no one is willing to give him a chance on a big production because he's associated with the funk of flops. All it takes is one good movie, though. Someone needs to come along and do for him what Tarantino did for Travolta with Pulp Fiction.
We are this week.
Maybe but I think that was the alternate ending on the dvd. The version I remember after the fight he visits Adrian's grave, says something like "We did it" walks away and fades away.
Andrew Garfield is good looking? Edit: ok, like, three people and Emma Stone...my bad.
Silence followed by one's footfalls as they flee.
I've been without my front plate for nearly a year since some jackass hit me and tore it off. It's sitting in the back if they need it. But I drove another car for about two years didn't have a front plate at all. Bought it used and never noticed it wasn't there. I got pulled over all the time, four time in an hour once (it was the car) and no one ever said diddly about the plate. A lot of those stops were in Burbank, too and cops there don't play around. If they can find a reason to ticket you, they will. But they never did. Half the cars in L.A. go around with no plates all all. If you leave the plate off, sit it in the trunk or backseat floorboard, in the off chance anyone mentions it you can show you have it. But my bet is no one will ever say a word. In fact, I'd say you're probably more likely to draw attention to it with it sitting in the window.
This was a horrible, ridiculous, offensive piece of shit.
It was offensive to Southerners to think that they would have forced slavery into the 21st century, it was offensive to blacks to think they would have let themselves be forced into slavery in the 21st century...it was a completely ignorant, bigoted, narrowminded piece of trash.
There's a message to this story so go with it. Several many years ago I was driving with the girl I was dating at the time. We're stopped at a red light. There's an accident. One guy gets out of his car and starts kicking the shit out of the other car, reaching in the window and going after the other driver. My light turns green. I go, I'm leaving. I'm not hanging around for this shit. Girl says, "Didn't you see that!?" I said, "No. And neither did you." There's the best advice you will ever hear about witnessing and/or reporting a crime. Edit: downvotes. OK, y'all want OP to get himself killed, I guess. Good luck, man.
New to L.A., huh? I'm not going to be a dick and downvote you like everyone else but yeah, you're just hearing fireworks. Lots of dumb fucks in L.A. like to see if they can lose a limb or set their neighborhoods alight around this time of year. If it only started in the last week consider yourself lucky. Some neighborhoods start in June or late May and go until August or September. Next Saturday, the 4th, expect it to start around 2 PM and go til around 3 AM. Maybe later. Don't bother calling the cops. Most pointless call you will ever make in your life. Welcome to L.A. Bet you had no idea July 4th was a Mexican holiday, huh?
Jefferson Davis acknowledged, regardless of the outcome of the war, slavery was a dying institution. &gt; The premise of the movie is that Confederacy wins the war then brings slavery to the North in the 19th century. If it were the case that the CSA "won" the war, they wouldn't have forced anything on the US. They would have remained a sovereign nation which is all they were fighting for. They weren't trying to take over the entire US. Which is rather how the movie portrays their intent. That's just bad, stupid history. &gt;it goes without saying that the entire society was built on the idea that blacks were inferior to whites. That wasn't just the South, my friend. That was the entire USA. Blacks were inferior, native americans were inferior, mexicans were inferior, anybody not a healthy shade of english pale (that doesn't count the Irish or Itallians, either) were inferior to whites. &gt;what a nightmare life in the South was for black people in the century following Reconstruction News flash--life was hell for a *lot* of people in the South. You forgetting that most of them were seen as treasonous traitors and had their property and land burned or taken from them? Here's some other news for you: Did you know the black soldiers that fought for the CSA got equal pay to the white soldiers? The Union army’s black soldiers were paid less than the white soldiers. A black soldier in the Union army got $10 a month with a $3 clothing fee taken out, leaving the soldier with $7 a month. White soldiers were paid $13 a month and were not forced to pay a clothing allowance, which is almost twice as much as the black soldiers. By contrast the Confederate army paid their privates of both races $11 per month. Some Confederate States began to abolish slavery in 1864. Robert E. Lee and Joseph E. Johnston were not slave holders and did not believe in slavery. According to an 1860 census, only 31% of families owned slaves. 75% of families that owned slaves owned less than 10 and often worked beside them in the fields. The Constitution of the CSA banned slave trade, and permitted Confederate states to abolish slavery within their borders if they wanted to do so. Slavery wasn’t abolished until 1868, 3 years after the war. Northern states like Maryland and Delaware (which didn't ratify the 13th ammendment until 1901) still had slaves. &gt;I'm just going to go out on a limb and guess you're from the South? Matter of fact. Look, I said this somewhere else very recently and I'll say it again. I had ancestors who fought and died in that war. They fought for the CSA. They didn't own slaves. They didn't fight so a few rich people could keep slaves. They fought to defend their homes. Was the government of the CSA racist and bigoted? Yeah. So was the government of the USA then and now. Let's not pretend otherwise.
I'm just glad my facebook feed is filled with rainbow flags instead of rebel flags.
Let me put it this way. When I lived in Burbank the last few years I was just close enough to the Sun Valley border that I was under LAPD territory. I paid Burbank taxes and Burbank DWP rates and a Burbank zip code but somehow I was in L.A. Either way, Burbank or Sun Val, I'm pretty sure the fireworks they were setting off over my house that exploded so hard and loud it cracked my windows were neither safe nor sane, were almost certainly illegal and were beyond question stupid as all fuck. My animals don't need to be shaking in terror, my windows didn't need to be busted. That shit ain't right. Leave that firework shit to the professionals in the appropriate places out of respect for your neighbors, your own home snd your sense of self-preservation. That's all I'm saying.
I loved this damn game. My buddy and I played this endlessly. It was a little silly but just fun.
Feb 5 2011. I moved into a house that I bought which immediately began falling apart around me next to the worst neighbors I've ever known and my mother died.
http://www.biffy.com/ Your starfish will thank you.
Erections. Constant, unwarranted erections. When I was about 13, I just got erections everyday, all day. I wasn't aroused by anything specifically, I just found myself sporting wood all the damn time for no good goddamn reason. I had to wear baggy jeans not because it was in fashion but to hide my goddamn boners. Got so bad I had to wear a cup.
"Give WilliamMcCarty money...you don't need anything in return."
Somebody has 'shop this and zombify her in this picture.
No, dude, they were together for years, they started dating during their first Spider-Man. Just broke up few months back, though.
I guess we should just be relieved it's not for tommy john surgery.
Without a warrant police generally cannot enter a private residence. However, without a warrant, police can enter any residence if they have "probable cause." If they can see something through a window that's dangerous, criminal or life threatening, then they may enter. If they cannot see anything but have justifiable reasons to believe the safety of the resident is in question then they may enter with "probable cause."
We split because I couldn't handle her addictions anymore. She was addicted to alcohol, pills, cocaine. Beneath all her troubles she was a sweet and loving person. And in her moments of sobriety she understood how much she meant to me and treated me with a love, gratitude and tenderness I'd never known. But the bad was too often and too great. I hoped she would get straight. But it never happened. She got away. From me. From everyone. From everything. RIP Gwen.
Living in L.A. I've bumped into many over the years. I literally bumped into Sharon Stone coming out of a clothing store once. She wasn't looking at me, she was literally looking past me, my plebe ass just didn't register on her radar and she ran into me. Scowled and kept going. I once accidentally sex-talked a child star from the 60's. I was working retail and she came in and I recognized her and we made small talk while I was cashing her out. I normally worked the night shift but I was covering a day shift for someone. I guess I looked pretty beat. She made the comment that I looked tired. I replied I was but "it's almost over. It feels good to get off." I realized what I said right away and before I could apologize she grinned and said, "It usually does." I've met lots of celebs who were really cool and some who were dicks but my best was Anna Nicole Smith. It was late one night many years ago, before she got fucked up, before she married the old guy. She was already famous by then but she I was working at a mall and it was late on a weeknight so the place was nearly deserted. But there she was. It was impossible to miss her. She was absolutely stunning, this tall platinum blonde entity that walked in. She was with her son who was just a little kid then. I just hi to her and we started talking. Talked for like a half hour. Just about her son and what she was shopping for. She was really nice, really sweet, very friendly. Just a really, really decent lady. Seeing what happened to her later was absolutely tragic.
I always liked it, but I think it was more a matter of it just always having been there. Like the red undies. Now that it's gone I don't miss it.
I didn't drive until I was 24. People don't seem to understand how dangerous and frightening driving really is. Several thousand pounds of steel and electronics and explosive liquid flying down streets at 50, 60, 70 miles per hour. It's dangerous, for sure. But it's one of those risks you take in life and you learn to live with it. Just don't ever get complacement or lazy about it. That's how people get into accidents. Best advice I ever got was my mother told me, "Assume everyone else on the road is an idiot who can kill you." You'll be a smart, capable, defensive driver. And that's good. Just so you know now, I'm almost 40 and part of my job is now driving everywhere. I'm a realtor and drive all over town showing houses, carrying people to and from. You get used to it. Congrats and good luck.
Well...I don't know about anyone else, but I care about Katy Perry.
So they have reddit in the afterlife, it seems.
I don't know if it's a bad idea to move her, I just grab a towel or newspaper or something and stick it in the splash zone.
Dude.
Came here to say this. I know it went over like a fart in church but I thought it was a really good little movie. Jim Carrey at his best, I think. Even in his "serious" roles I feel like he overacts and hams it up a bit much. Not so here. I really felt like this was his best performance.
Smallville, KS -- if you look at a map of Kansas, find the city of Dorrance. This is the approximate location of the city of Smallville.
I will not watch this but it always amazes me when I see babies puke. They do so with such casual ease. Like it ain't no thing. As an adult, when I yack, it's all contorting and shakes and sweating and various types of pain...Everybody says "I slept like a baby." Nah. I sleep fine. I wish I could puke like a baby.
Am I wrong in thinking the audio quality of VEVO is crap compared to a lot of other uploads?
[Seriously.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0258038/)
Just the valley? That's some of the best food anywhere. Ever.
[Actual Miles: Greatest Hits](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Actual_Miles:_Henley's_Greatest_Hits) You might be thinking of the song Garden of Allah. The video was a very dark toned "mini-movie" featuring Kirk Douglas as the devil.
He does a cover of Leonard Cohen's "Everybody Knows" on that album. His version is pretty weak but you could have Cohen's version in mind, too.
He was almost done with Shrek. That probably wouldn't have been as well regarded had he lived. Be would have done a number of B grade slapstick direct to dvd comedies. Maybe a pilot or two that never took off. Then they would have somehow made him into Jeff Daniel's long lost brother in a Dumb &amp; Dumber spinoff.
They light them off at the Starlight Bowl every year. You can go up there or you can pretty much see them from anywhere in Burbank. Turn the other way and you'll see some at Universal.
That dude may have left it to the nuns but that doesn't matter. Nuns are agents of the church and their propety is the church's property. They may mistakenly believe it's theirs to sell or not sell, but the fact is that the church is the owner and only they can sell the property. If she has the money and the means to purchase it and the church is prepared to sell to her there's no legal recourse to keep that transaction from proceeding.
Let's imagine Hitler and Eva Braun had a son and their son was a good kid fighting for the allies. As the soviet army was advancing on Berlin his son was about to be murdered by Goebbels. But Adolf kills Goebbels, saves his son and is captured by the allies. At Nuremberg the evidence of all his atrocities and crimes is presented. Invasions, murders, torture, camps, all of it. And his defense attorney stands up and offers one piece of defense: "People....he *saved* his own son!" I'll point out that Yoda and Obi Wan both knew Anakin was dangerous, they knew better but they still put Anakin in a position where he could become a grave danger to everyone, did little or nothing to stop it and then lied about it later. They are almost as much to blame as Anakin/Vader was. In the end the result was the cost of untold billions of lives and an intergalactic war. It is my hope that whatever blue ghostworld the three were inhabiting by the end of ROTJ was a very special Jedi hell.
But the point is Mace, Yoda, and the rest of the Jedi council could have said no. They could have stopped it. Saying he could have been a great Jedi when all the evidence points toward him being a greater risk is like if Himmler got up at Nuremberg and said "we knew he didn't like Jews but hey, Hitler started off a great leader, he just got carried away...what were we gonna do?"
I get redemption but for what is Vader redeemed? He saved his son. That was it. He didn't order the assault on the rebels on Endor to stop. He didn't try and save his daughter, her boyfriend, any of their friends, the innocent Ewoks, never expressed any remorse or regret for the billions of lives he snuffed out over the years. He just saved his son. I saw nothing that would indicate to me that he ever deserved redemotion for who he had become. You can make the agument that Anakin and Vader are two mostly different people but it's not true. The pod racing child Anakin is ok maybe though cheating at the pod races shows he has a deceptive and untrustylworthy nature but by the time we see him in Episode 2 it's becoming clear he's not to be trusted. He disobeys the rules, he's selfish, risky and dangerous. He's already showing that he's a bad seed and regardless who raises him at this point he's probably going to be no good. So saying that Palpatine is to blame for manipulating him isn't true, either. Still, I'd say up to a certain point, big a screwup as he was he wasn't beyond redemption. No, his point of no return was when he slaughtered a roomfull of children. You could aruge the sandpeople too, I suppose but some may consider that an act of justice, it's depatable. But the kids, no. No one forced him to do that. He was a grown ass man with kids of his own about to be born. It's evident he still has the capacity to be "Anakin" and care about them since the first thing he does when he wakes up as Vader in the bodysuit is ask about Padme. That's Anakin and Vader, same guy, same time, same body. He knows who he is and what he's doing all along. He just believes he's right. Hell, I think the end of ROTJ wasn't about redemption at all. The whole time Vader talks to Luke it's about ruling the galaxy together. He didn't kill Palpatine because he grew a heart like some space Grinch. No, it was more likely he killed him to take his place and finally convince Luke to be his apprentice. It just so happened to be too little too late. There's no redemption there. There's literally no indication whatsoever he felt guilt or remorse for anything he's done. Saving Luke was not an indication of that. It was a self-serving act just like everything he'd ever done. There is no indication of anything that would constitute redemption for Vader/Anakin.
&gt;no one is lost forver if they truly repent for the things they have done. But he doesn't repent, that's the thing. He never says he's sorry, never expresses remorse, regret or guilt. All he did was save his son and as I pointed out that was for his own benefit. Redemption comes with repentance and that never happens. My contention is after the end of ROTJ Anakin's forceghost founnd its way to whatever passes for Hell in that universe, probably dragging Yoda and Obi Wan along for the eternal ride.
Red Tornado!
The point is that Vader is as OP said, *literally* worse than Hitler and because he saved his son from being murdered we immediately forgive him for genocide and countless other atrocities. We wouldn't have forgiven Hitler and there's no reason to forgive Vader, either.
You see a lot of odd things now. When Buffy was re-running in PIVOT I noticed lots of things off to the side of the screen, cameramen, set stuff. One of the funniest was the episode where the Trio (warren and his gang) were supposed to be invisible and Buffy's talking to them like they aren't there but there he is, standing just to the edge of the screen.
&gt; his final moments being spent rejecting those past evil deeds and adopting a mentality of doing good. But he didn't do that and there's zero evidence to suggest he did. He saved his son and that's all. I point out again that the whole time he speaks to Luke it's of ruling the galaxy together. If we accept the Sith Rule of Two that means he means to kill Palpatine anyway and in the end that's exactly what he did.
&gt; his soul was pure at that point. What evidence is there for that? Just because he was nice to his son? Hitler loved his dog. There's pictures of him laughing and having a good time. Just because you're congenial or kind in one moment doesn't make you a good person. There is literally no evidence to suggest he was remorseful or repentant for his life as Darth Vader. None.
Remember that Vader was beat up pretty badly by the time he tossed Palpatine over the side. He could have been deciding if he had the ability to do it, he could have been biding his time, he may not have had the strength to deflect the lightening. Who knows but the end result is the same: he did what he meant to do, kill his master. It wasn't even necessarily a matter of saving his son so much as it was killing his master and taking his place. That's what Siths do. Just how I see it. &gt; He asks Luke to help him cast aside the mask that has symbolized his identity as Darth Vader That's your interpretation of it. All he does is ask him to take off the mask so he can see him "with my own eyes." Not the electronic eyes of the mask. You can interpret all this any way you want and read into it anything you want if you really want him to be redeemed but the facts based on what we see is: **Vader implied he would kill Palpatine, did that and *never* expressed remorse or repentance for his countless evil acts.**
I'm basing my case on what we see onscreen and there's no evidence of love from Vader or what exactly causes one to becone a forceghost.
So there's no evidence one way or the other? Just sayin'.
Was it the idiots with their cars? They did unauthorized Krispy Kreme Tuesdays in Burbank a few times, hundreds of idiots in tricked out cars showed up and took over the whole Empire Center, created havoc, backed up traffic for miles, created a panic, took up the police's time and attention from other things and when the city finally said they were going to arrest them, tow and impound their cars they said they were going to move to CoI. Maybe they moved from Tuesdays?
Couldn't tell you anyone specific but google "krispy kreme tuesday burbank" and you'll find articles about them. They hold unpermitted rallies at a public shopping center, disrupt traffic, create a public nusiance, pull cops away from important duties, prevent the ability of people to shop or eat at the empire center, cost the city thousands if not millions of dollars and then had the nerve to get offended when Burbank said they would arrest them, fine them and impound their vehicles. Idiots.
Just an aside, if he (or she) does have FeLV or FIV don't let that stop you. I understand you not wanting to expose your cats but if you're willing to keep helping that cat or find someone who would that'd be wonderful. Some people will immediately want to put them down if they test positive for those but don't let them. They can have perfectly good lives for a while. I just lost my cat who had FeLV and he was the best thing that ever happened to me. I didn't know he had it when I got him but that wouldn't have stopped me. Just saying don't let anyone try and talk you into putting him down just because he might have one of those problems.
You write like a child.
The more worlds you have the more versions of characters you have, the more convaluted it gets, the less anything matters. The reason Superman is so important is that there's only one Superman. Likewise with Batman. If Superman dies or Batman gets crippled it doesn't matter, we'll hope into another reality and pick us up a Superman or Batman over there. Keep one reality and tell.all the other stories in Elseworlds. That's my take on it.
As long as a multiverse exists there's potential for crossover and characters in one reality can come over to another. Am I wrong or are there not two Supermans on Earth right now? New 52 and Post COIE, preflashpoint Superman? I'm just saying I liked one universe, one reality, one of each character. Elseworlds existed so you could tell all those other fanciful tales without any headaches. Just my opinion, man.
I'd prefer it didn't and never could. Just me, man.
Hey, thank you. It wasn't tooth related. He had kidney disease.and FeLV. We kept him as well as we could for as long as we could but the inevitable finally happened. It's killing me a little everyday not having him here with me but I know I gave him a good life that was longer than the odds. I couldn't have asked for anything better than him. Thank you again.
There's at least two sources I can think of that say it wasn't the Yorktown, it was the Ti-Ho, NCC 1798. Most recently the book The Autobiography of James T. Kirk states specifically it was the Ti-Ho and the book Mr. Scott's Guide to the Enterprise also cites it as being the USS Ti-Ho, a Constitution-class II starship which was a tested for transwarp technology with Excelsior.
Lots of agents out there just coast by doing the bare minimum, doing just enough. They don't need to actually learn a lot, just open some doors and fill out some papers. Or have other people fill out the papers for them. As long as the deal gets done folk consider it a success. Some people never worked with good agents so they don't know the difference between the coasters and the good agents.
As someone who had to go North on the 5 monday and today....fuck my life.
Beards and beanies are over, the new hipster trend: pet goats.
I never understood why people would be ashamed to buy condoms. Back when I had to buy them I walked up to the counter, tossed that box down proudly, as if to say "Yeah, that's right. I'm getting laid tonight. Thank you, vey much." No shame in that.
I had an all black cat who stuck her face in a candle flame once, burned off all her whiskers. They grew back but grew back white.
Approached for a different role....Jimmy Olson, maybe?
That's one version of Lex and not the one most are familiar with. I admit to being partial to Byrne's Trump-like version of Luthor who had a history of growing up with Perry White and all that good stuff. But it's a different time and while Eisenberg's Luthor isn't that Luthor it seems, from what I've seen and read, that he still gets the overall vibe of the character--ruthless, corporate, all business, xenophobic, cruel, spiteful, machiavellian...maybe he looks less like we expect or wanted and has an origin that's different than what we expected but he seems to have ended up the same character. Now, I can live with that. Because that's better than what happens too often in comic movie adaptations.
He doesn't want to get hipster on him.
I had a teacher in high school who, if you fell asleep in his class, he would come around and kick the bottom of your desk. One time he did that, fell, and broke his hip. He never kicked a desk again.
&gt; Has Penny ever been good at anything? I'd say presumably one thing but then again she could never keep a boyfriend and they all cheated on her so maybe not even that.
Out of curiosity, what did you need at the DMV? If you're a member of AAA you can do most DMV related transactions (with the exception of driver's license related issues) at a AAA office.
My personal POV is that despite what we've seen and know so far--namely they only Jedi or good people--can become Force Ghosts, I fully believe Vader died as horrible a being as he lived. He has no desire to tell Kylo to stop his wicked ways because he agrees with him and supports his actions.
It's cringe-worthy now but in 1996 we'd have been stoked to have a costume that looked like that onscreen.
If Cassandra Peterson ever retires as Elvira I think we found a perfect successor.
Wait...show is called "Lazarus"? Bowie shall rise again.
No, no, no, no, no....you're missing the obvious answer. [just in case](#s "It was clearly a magic bullet.")
Reminds me of my grandfather. He had a heart attack when he was 60. He was having sex at the time. When I called him in the hospital to see how he was doing his first words to me were, "Dr. told me to stop fucking so much. That shit isn't happening!"
I'm going to play devil's advocate here. I can't tell from the pic but how red is it exactly? Clean and fresh bright red or faded snd chipped? If it's the latter, you may have a case. See, if a red zone is faded and chipping/peeling the city actually doesn't consider it a full red zone. I was in an accident because someone was parked in a red zone and when the cops came out they didn't cite the idiot or anything. Said they could ticket her but it would get thrown out because the red zone was faded. I called traffic enforcement specifically and they confirmed that. So take that for what it is. Best of luck to you.
I don't want to sound spammy or get banned but I did write a book about my life while working at a chain bookstore. I can pm you the amazon link (or if mods approve I can post the link here).
PM'd. Thank you.
PM'd. Thank you!
http://www.amazon.com/The-Science-Superman-Mark-Wolverton/dp/0743452739
Think I spotted [the winner.](http://i.imgur.com/rbpF4cfl.jpg)
http://nylonliving.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/Big-Bang-Theory-floor-plan-.jpg It makes sense in only one way. If you consider it was never intended to be two apts. The whole floor was one unit, a loft that ended up getting split up into smaller units. The tenant used what is now Penny's apt as an intended studio/guest space. The rest was the main living space. When that tenant sold the place or the building was bought out and the tenant moved the contractors used then existing layout to carve out two seperate but very different units. There's no good reason for why it appears square, however.
Then they [stole my idea!](https://www.reddit.com/r/superman/comments/xnopd/my_superman_movie/) Nah, if I could come up with it then surely real writers could. It does make for an interesting way for Superman and Lex to throw down, though.
Two days before BvS: Batman Begins Day before BvS: MoS In my headcanon the Batman of BvS is an older version of the one in Nolanverse.
It actually does, believe it or not. I had a girlfriend once who used it, I had a boss who used it, I've known several people who've used it. If you were in need of it you could probably find the system rules online. If you need it I do suggest checking it out.
http://calmutuals.org/about-mutuals/
Defunk the place. By that I mean get rid of as many smells as possible. Smoke, pets, food. Get some candles, flowers, air fresheners. Also, take down family portraits, anything cute and kichey--art that reads like "family" or "hope" or "love" things like that. Declutter, make it as sparse as possible while still having furniture in there. Key is to make it look as roomy as possible while still being furnished. Staged homes or those with furniture sell easier than empty homes. Good luck. (I'm a realtor.)
Agreed. That kind of sums it up right there.
Not crazy at all, as others have said I think the clone or android/robot/toy theory is very possible. I was thinking the same thing.
Another way of saying all this is she began to feel that relegating the history of a people to a single month or that having award shows based on race might in fact be racist in and of itself. She's [not alone in her opinions, fwiw.](http://www.snopes.com/politics/quotes/blackhistory.asp)
Try Best Friends. http://la.bestfriends.org/ I doubt they'll be of much help, probably just tell you to trap him and bring him to them but if there's any way they will take him they'll fix his leg and fix him then release him.
Timing is everything, since Palin endorsed Trump this week and King himself once said ["Around my house we kinda laugh when Sarah Palin comes on TV, and we say, 'That’s Greg Stillson as a woman.'”](http://www.salon.com/2008/10/23/stephen_king/)
I'm 38. I have almost no friends anymore. None that I hang around anymore, at least. I grew up in the south and moved to L.A. when I was 16. So I really came of age here, most of the people I know I met in my 20's. Most everyone I knew came here for a reason and those reasons don't typically pan out. Actors, writers, musicians. They all end up back where they came from. My friends are mostly scattered about the country. New York, Indiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nevada, Virginia, Texas, Oregon, one is even in London. I'm still in touch with them all but it's not the same. We all used to work the late shift and fuck about after work, bring in the dawn every day. I'm happy with my life now, I'm happy they're all happy with theirs, don't get me wrong. I'm more devoted to my girl and my own pursuits rather than just goofing around til daybreak. But there's times I really miss those nights.
I'll go with what others said and add that sometimes a job is a job. It's not just about money but that's got to factor in. Also, TV is a little different now than when VM was on. It wasn't unheard of for a show to get a second life on another network at the time but it's way easier now thanks to stuff like Hulu, Netflix and Amazon. having the show on the air somewhere, even if it was something like CW, gives it a chance to gain an audience. If it fails there because the screwed up nature of network TV he could shop it to an on demand service and prove he has enough of an audience to make it worth their while. Think about it--if Amazon or Hulu or Netflix had been in the business of TV series back then, what's the possibility we'd have gotten a season 2 of Firefly or season 4 of VM?
Nothing actually, it's just not American English so it sounds wrong to us. Would sound completely normal to a Brit.
[Look at the link someone else posted.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEdRLlqdgA4) I'm not saying it isn't a trace job since I don't know anything about how this particular piece was created, but it could have been simply that the still from the show was used as a model for the work. That clip proves you could create some badass lifelike art that isn't just tracing.
How's Annie? What happened to Chester Desmond?
I once worked retail and the urinal at my store broke. I went in, mopped the floor, cleaned it up, put a sign over the urinal that said Out of Order, put a big plastic bag over the urinal, taped a plastic sheet between the walls, went out of my way to make sure no one would do something like this. The moment I started to put the cleaning equipment away the plumber shows up, tears it all down, flushes the urinal and watches it overflow into the floor and says "Yep. It's blocked."
I'm a realtor so if anyone's interested in that beauty drop me a line... Just bring your handyman and imagination! It's got great bones!
I sincerely doubt there's any of that place that's salvagable. I've seen flippers do amazing things but that'd be like raising the dead. This place is land value only.
Just got back to this but the answer is pretty much what the other guy said. I'd also add looking at those pictures I'd worry about foundation issues, too. That could raise the cost a bit. Good foundation you could just build on top of but this...I don't know.
Is that just static on the scan or is there something going on with Luthor's face?
Ah. See it now.
Not very accommodating friends, sounds like. Amazon locker then, I guess, as others suggested or a rental mailbox. Also, I don't have any idea if this would work but it popped into my head--buy yourself a cheap cell phone, install a tracking app on it, then mail it back to yourself in an amazon or ebay box. Then track it. See if it shows up with your neighbors.
I'll let the Big Bang Theory present my case. Which is probably the wrong course of action on reddit but nonetheless. Raj: Yeah, Star Trek V, worse than I. Sheldon: Okay, first of all, that’s a comparison of quality, not intensity. Secondly, Star Trek I is orders-of-magnitude worse than Star Trek V. Raj: Are you joking? Star Trek V is the standard against which all badness is measured. Sheldon: No, no, no. Star Trek V has specific failures in writing and direction, while Star Trek I fails across the board, art direction, costuming, music, sound editing.
Diamond in the rough!
http://8137wheatland.webs.com/Superman_Batman.pdf Try this. Starts Post COIE and the chronology ends with the universe of Kingdom Come, pre-Infinite Crisis, New 52. Everything you could ever want or need. Forgive the occasional typo, I was exhausted by the time I was done with this
Good for you! As someone who was formerly into politics it took me way too long to realize it was a scam, a pointless waste of time. Voting is a socio-political equivalent of homeopathic medicine. You tell yourself it's doing something, it makes a difference and maybe you feel better having done it but it ultimately changes nothing.
I lived in a neighborhood where I had a drunken neighbor who would park in front of my house in a 70's hooptie van and drink malt liqour and throw the bottles in my yard. One neighbor was in a cult and would have bizarre revivals in their front yard. One neighbor was a hoarder and had the house and yard overflowing with crap. One neighbor was running an auto repair shop out of his garage and had cars parked everywhere, sometimes in driveway just because. Another had weekly yard sales. One tended to light of fireworks any day of the year just because. The one who was probably having dog fights. There was one who had a whole pen of chickens. When you've lived in a neighborhood full of trash where literally anything goes you'll begin to appreciate rules and many of them.
&gt; medically discharged after I saw a fellow employee shit in the deep fryer. Oh, this needs explaining. Please. Also, who do I have to blackmail to get those baked potatoes back? Remember the Carl's Jr baked potatoes? Those were good, man.
I'm near you...mine's back on. For now....
I'm sorry, this is ridiculous. I'm sick of hearing "snyder, snyder, snyder, he sucks, it's all his fault, blah blah blah..." You know Snyder didn't write the movie, don't you? He sat behind a camera directing the script *Terrio* wrote and that *the studio* wanted to be filmed. I don't really see people shitting on Josh Trank for Fantastic Four. Everybody knows he had a shit script that was torn apart even worse by the studio. That aside, Gibbons' argument is irrelevant. "My idea was better." No shit? Everybody *always* thinks their idea is better than what we got. Head on over to /r/fixingmovies and see if there's any shortage of randos that think they could have done a better job. FWIW, I liked the movie. I walked in expecting to hate it but ended up enjoying the hell out of it. Could it have been better? Yeah. They could have just made a Superman movie which is what I would have liked. I just read somewhere else, someone said they could have removed Batman entirely, incorporated the Bruce Wayne scenes to Luthor's character and with a few tweaks, had a really good Superman movie. I would've loved that. But that wasn't what happened. We got the movie we got. Instead of sitting there focusing on the box office take or what we think could have been better, we should ask a simple question: Was I entertained? if the answer is "Yes" then that's all you need. End of conversation.
Most studio movie posters look like shit. I honestly believe the marketing departments know fans are going to come up with posters far, far better, spread them online and do their marketing work for them.
Holy shit. Quit film school now.
In his defense, he had to show up to set everyday knowing he was going to have to direct Fantastic Four. Wouldn't you get blastered, too? Seriously though, you don't think any of that--Disney dropping him and him being blackballed--has anything to with him putting a very public blame on tbe studio for tutning the movie into a shitpiece? Even if that's not the case it's nothing to do with FF being an ungodly disaster.
The roof...
Fair point, I guess that also depends on the lawyer, too.
I wasn't much of a fan of the suit but I got used to the collar.
Is it Jena Malone you saw and were thinking of? The rumors were always Barbara Gordon but seeing her talking to Lois in what looked like a work context makes me think she's Cat Grant.
I was just talking to an agent who built his business by having opens everyday. He'd get the ok from an agent with a vacant property and sit in that thing everyday from 8 to 6, talk to the neighbors, passersby, anybody and everyone who would come by. He ended up getting listings from some of those neighbors who respected the "hard work and hours" he put in to sell that house and meeting buyers coming to those opens.
Not to all. I dated an english girl while the show was on and she had no idea Marsters wasn't english. Granted, this was later episodes and he had improved, his early appearances were more obvious. She didn't know aboit Denisof, either.
All Good Things was an alternate future, though. But I suppose it does show the possibility of the Galaxy class existing and being capable of upgrades. Good catch on the Venture, too.
First season is a bit rough, especially the first six to ten episodes, it looked like it was going to be a clone of the X-Files. The finale if season 1 leads right into season 2 and it becomes an entirely different show. It knows where it's going and it's always headed there. No real spoilers here but the biggest complaint was always whatever they were dealing with it seemed like Walter worked on something like that 20 years ago. There's a reason for that and things that seem to be left without an explanation do get explained by the end. I loved Fringe, if you couldn't tell. Definitely give it another shot.
And my coworkers wondered why I never filled these out.
Don't pay any attention to Zillow.
&gt; Don't judge a book by its cover &gt;All of you are going to eat your words just like you did when Ledger came out as the joker. You're judging it already, aren't you? Just the opposite way?
They're saying it's going to be bad. By saying they're all going to eat their words you're implying it's going to be good.
I would've killed the captain in the pilot. No wise, seasoned leader to guide them. The Paris character would have taken command. Except not as blah as he really was. More like he was meant to be. Enough of Starfleet to be responsible with just enough criminal to take chances and get the Maquis to appreciate him in command. They should have been a little more, not ruthless exactly, but more willing to screw people over if it meant getting home sooner and easier. They aren't in the Alpha Quadrant anymore, for all intents and purposes, they aren't even Starfleet or UFP. They're way out there on the raggedy edge, truly where no one's gone before. They might have even scrapped the Voyager name and registry. Since they aren't playing by Starfleet's rules anymore and eventually Starfleet and the Federation may explore this part of the galaxy maybe they don't want to taint their rep. The ship would have been pieced together by whatever they could get. It wouldn't have looked like a Starfleet ship after a few seasons. Canons and phaser rifles on it and defensive capabilities cobbled together from various races and species. Parts salvaged from other ships. More conflict between the Maquis and Starfleet crewmembers. They still had fundamental differences despite being in a crap situation together. Species 8472 wouldn't have been so screwed up so badly so quickly. Maybe a war between them and the Borg, Voyager caught in the middle. Mostly, I'd try and make it *not* boring.
Not necessarily. Just a very different Trek. People said the same thing about DS9. Mixing religion, war and setting in on a space station not a ship. Yet DS9 is some of the best Trek we've ever seen.
Thank shit I'm not the only one. Fuck that site.
And I thought Brandon Routh got ripped apart for his casting/portrayal. Can you imagine the shitstorm of "Starring Jude Law as *Superman*"?
Where you driving to? The car is parked. In a driveway.
Sylmar, checking in.
It's 1 in the morning on a weeknight. Not a lot going on right now, let them have their moment.
The Native Americans were early settlers to the area around TP. Hawk said they were the ones who coined the term "Black Lodge." I think maybe, when Johnny was a child, he experienced something in the woods and was taken to the Black Lodge. Perhaps something about his age and youth prevented the evil there from taking him fully but he experienced it and it left him scarred. If Leland worked for Ben even that far back--and we know Leland was possessed by BOB since he was a boy--maybe Leland/BOB had something to do with it. Maybe he tried to move into the body of Johnny and it failed, leaving Johnny damaged in some way. If this happened in the caves or somewhere else with Native American signifigance that could explain his fascination with it.
Douche reposted someone else's pic, didn't look too closely at it beforehand. I love that he downvoted me then deleted everything. "Screw you guys, I'm going home!"
I got to disagree. This person is just as distracted, careless and reckless as a drunk driver. We wouldn't hesitate to report a DUI. This person is endangering lives and should be held accountable.
Some rando yelling at him on the freeway is either just going to piss him off and possibly lead to something worse like a road rage incident or maybe distract him even more than he already is. Nothing positive comes from it. Legal ramifications, on the other hand...
Ferengi sell their dead, it's part of their culture. Slice them up, sell the bits and pieces. So selling a dead person isn't any big deal to him. Secondly, Odo probably just realizes there isn't time to deal with Quark and his crap. Pay the fee, get this thing going. Also, I don't remember if it was ever brought up but part of me thinks Odo doesn't even have a fingerprints (or thumbprint) so I like to think he replicated Quark's and Quark ended up paying himself.
Dude, none of it counts if doesn't get a cat out of a tree while wearing red undies. Edit: ...sigh....since it apparently isn't obvious: /s
I'm a realtor. Work in the SFV and up in Santa Clarita area, too. I make a living. It can be costly to start in the business and can take even longer to see a profit. But once you get your business going, you can make a decent living.
The Invention of Morel by Adolfo Bioy Casares It was even read by one of the characeters in an episode of Lost.
Jake Gyllenhaal as Nightwing/Dick Grayson?
"No woman getting an abortion has killed a room full of people in seconds, right?" Well, depends on how many fetuses she was aborting, I guess. ... /s I'll see myself out.
It is and he has. http://comicvine.gamespot.com/superman-exile/4045-56377/ tldr; Superman was controlled by telepathy to cause the murder/assisted suicide of an entire town, then personally executed three Kryptonians. That trauma caused him to have blackouts during which time he developed an alternate personality. Fearing his emotional instability would result in harm to those he cared about, he chose to leave Earth and hide in space where he continued to have emotional issues including bouts of extreme rage, paranoia and hallucinations.
It has to be the worst fire season ever. We just had the worst el nino in history, after all. Remember how they warned us about that one? /s
What I remember about the test was that it threw me a couple curveballs, things I had never read about or practiced for. Few instances of that. And the wording was phrased in such a manner as to almost try to get you to pick the wrong answer. Pain in the ass. But you passed! Who cares by how much, 'cause pretty much none of that has anything to do with actually doing the job of being a realtor. Good luck!
It's neither normal or abnormal, really. As the other fellow said, if the house fits the criteria you're looking for, it's good business all around. You get what you want, she doesn't have to split the commission and it's all easy. On the other hand, as some else said, it's a fine line of doing the best for both clients. It's called dual agency, some states don't even allow it and I know some agents who won't do it even where it's allowed. That said, if you feel the agent is trustworthy and she's being honest about everything, no reason not to go with it. Review the situation and consider your options.
Little late on the parody angle, isn't it? How long has Lost been off the air? Irrelevant, I guess. Maybe it'll get a new group of people interested in the show. Whatever else, it's ok so far.
Best one I saw was a bumper sticker on a Prius that said "When I grow up I want to be a Tesla."
Hey there, SoCal realtor here. No shortage of agents here ready and willing to take a listing so you'll have your pick of agents. There's nothing wrong with talking to an agent referred by family, friends or coworkers. Don't go with someone based on that alone but referrals are how most agents get their business. Talk to a couple agents, see what they can tell you about your home's worth and how they would market the listing. The right agent will click for you. Word of advice, though: don't pay any mind to anything zillow says.
I guess it's me. Six years seems a long time to wait to make a parody. Again, I don't care one way or the other. It's a fine show, and like I said maybe it'll get people who've never bothered to watch Lost to give it a chance.
Why so much hate against DST? Why are we not hating Standard time? It will get darker earlier naturally, but we don't have to help it out by screwing with the clocks. Just stick to DST all year 'round, get as much daylight as we can. Get rid of standard time, no DST.
Realtors do help people with rentals, but unless you're in certain areas--like the other fellow said New York--it's not heavily or hardly at all, advertised. It's not much money so it can sometimes be a lot of work for little reward, in some views anyway. But we absolutely can help people find rentals. I'm working with three people on rentals right now. Just like finding any realtor ask for a referral if anyone knows one.
I'd rather drive to work in the dark than driving right into the rising sun, blinding everyone.
I have reported a case of animal abuse/neglect. I was hesitsnt to do so because of the Confidentiality issue. I was told the reported party could only get the info with a court order. It's not as if thry could just ask who reported them and get your name. Bottom line, how important to you is that animal's well being? I decided if the asshole that was torturing that animal really wanted to come after me bad enough then I'd happily oblige them the ass-kicking they so rightfully deserve. In the end, they willingly surrendered the dog and that was the end of it.
Then call old school Trek fans the original sci fi hipsters, there were plenty of us who liked it before it was "cool." edit: To elaborate in a more serious tone, Trek may not have had blockbuster wins at the box office but to say it wasn't as popular as we believe it was is a complete misconception. Think about the impact Trek has had on society and you'll see how wrong that is. The first space shuttle hot its name because of the show. There's probably not a person walking this earth that wouldn't recognize the Enterprise if you showed it to them. (The starship, that is.) Terminology and phrases from the show have entered the cultural lexicon. Generations of scientists, engineers, doctors and people from all walks of life were inspired by the series. A ridiculous amount of the technology in today's world was inspired directly by Trek. We only haver some of the tech we have *because* of Trek. To say it wasn't popular just isn't true. Now as to why it wasn't more commercially or broadly successful, that's another issue. I really think that's a cultural/societal thing. It really wasn't "ok" or "acceptable" to be a sci fi geek until the last fifteen years or so. The pre-internet days made it a lot harder to find a group of people who thought the way you did and enjoyed what you did. When I was a kid nobody would admit to liking Star Trek or reading comics. You were ostracized and shunned and sometimes at risk when you did admit to being a geek. I went to see Star Trek V in the theater opening week, first Trek I'd ever gotten seen in the theater, and when I was buying the ticket, saying "One for Star Trek" someone stuck gum in my hair and in the theater I got a soda and popcorn thrown at me. Now, with people of my generation getting to be in control of things like movies and TV and the internet being able to make fans come together easier and even exposing the genre to people who wouldn't have thought they'd be fans, it's broadened the popularity, made it more palatable, more acceptable. I don't think anyone has a problem admitting they read comics or like Star Trek now. It's ok. You can wait for hours in line outside a theater wearing your Starfleet uniform and it's all right, it's ok, people are going to high five you and be right there with you. 20, 30 years ago? Not a chance. Today, it's not just all right, it's sort of expected. And that's good for all of us. Like someone else said, The Martian was a big hit. There's no shortage of thinking-man's sci-fi out there. Trek was founded on that idea and now that society at large isn't as biased or judgemental against it, there's no reason we shouldn't have it. Trek was always popular. It just wasn't always ok for all of us out here to show it.
I've met this adorable little critter in person. He's at the Wildlife Learning Center in Sylmar, California. http://www.wildlifelearningcenter.org He's really rather tiny. (About the size of my fist!) And very cute.
Hey there, realtor here to answer your questions about mobile home living. First and most important thing to keep in mind is that mobile or manufactured homes depreciate in value, unlike condos or traditional homes which appreciate. Traditional home will sell for say, $500K and five years later you can sell it for $600K. Mobile homes work the opposite way. Say you got for $130K and it was a resale, four years old. Brand new, it sold for $150K. If and when you sell this home, you can expect to probably break even. You won't necessarily get your investment back. However, you don't put that much into it. Tradeoff. Compared to renting, it's really not a bad investment. When you consider rent will go up, your mortgage never will (space rent might, however--more on that in a moment), factor in first, last, security deposit, rising rent, you're almost even with what it would cost to purchase a mobile home and you're not sharing walls or upstairs/downstairs situations with neighbors. As for the rent I mentioned--except in some rare cases, you own the home but not the land it sits on. The park or community you're in owns the land. In theory you could have the home moved elsewhere if you really wanted to. The parks charge a monthly rent for the space your home sits on. That amount varies greatly depending on the park, the place within the park and the size of the space. Just like an apartment, they have the right to raise that rent every year, how much and if they will depends on varying factors, mostly their community rules. When you take the space rent and mortgage together, it's maybe a bit more than apartment rent in some places, less than in others, and almost always less than the mortgage of a traditional home. Those parks or communities, think of them like an HOA. They have rules and bylaws, things you can and can't do, most are fairly lenient but sometimes there are restrictions on pets, dogs and their sizes, how many you can have, certainly that you shouldn't leave them unleashed to wander the neighborhood, where you can park your car(s), things of that nature. They may be on you occasionally about upkeep and maintenance on your yard and home. If it needs painting, some external cosmetic work, weed the yard, etc, etc. Some find this restrictive and don't want to deal with it. Me, having lived in a neighborhood where people didn't care and there was a hoarder house across the street, I'm glad they keep on these things. For what it's worth, some of those parks/communities are extremely nice. Security, clubhouses, gyms. The more amenities the higher the space rent but it's a get what you pay for situation. Repairs and maintenance on the house is your responsibility. If there's a problem with the electrical or plumbing outside the house on park property, it's usually the park management's responsibility to fix it. As for the homes themselves, it depends largely on the manufacturer and age but most of them now are extremely well built, to the point that if you were blindfolded and taken inside, you probably couldn't tell the difference between a mobile or "manufactured" home and a traditional home. In some cases, it's arguable better than traditional home since they're newer and built with the most modern supplies. Your homeowner's insurance may be a little bit higher than a traditional home. This depends on where the home is. Many of the mobile home parks are situated in the foothills or in "fire zones" so that raises it a bit. Nothing obscene but if you've ever had a traditional homeowner's insurance policy you'd notice the difference. You'll still have property taxes but they're considerably lower than those of a traditional home. All in all, there's absolutely nothing wrong with living in a mobile home in the right community and if it's the right unit. It's a question of finance, really, in the end. Consider this: That $130K mobile home—you'll pay in the area of $2000 a month for mortgage and space rent for a 3 bed, 2 bath 1400 sq ft 5 year old home with central air and heat in (if you get into the right park or community) a gated community that provides 24/7 security, a pool, gym, tennis and basketball courts and community center. A 1000 sq ft 2 bed 1 bath apt in an unsecured building with a window ac and wall furnace from the 40's in an ok part of town might run you $1900 - $2400 a month. You won't make a profit when you sell the house but you wouldn't when you leave the apt either, would you? That's what it comes down to for most people--long term potential. If you're looking at possible future money from the place, you're not likely to get it. If that's not an issue, then it's not a bad investment in housing. Feel free to check out: www.mhvillage.com It's a listing site for available mobile homes nationwide. New manufactured/mobile homes sell through dealers. Resales can go through dealers or your average realtor, depending on the seller's preference.
Good for you, OP. I had a cat with FLV. I didn't know that when I got him but that wouldn't have changed my mind. He was the sweetest, most gentle, loving animal I've ever known. He was maybe the best friend I've ever had and every day he was with me was a gift. Take care of that kitty and don't take a single moment for granted.
Pretty sure the only ones still making the Martha jokes are the Batgod fans. I just let it slide, it's as creative and witty as they can get.
Socal realtor here: My experience says: Curb appeal. Don't spend too much, don't do too much. Just nice enough to get someone in the door. Kitchens and bathrooms sell houses but if you spend a buttload on either or both and it's suddenly out of fashion or potential buyers don't like it that's money they have to spend to get it to their liking, money they're going to try and knock off the sale price. Easier to just see the potential, especially in the Socal marketplace. I'm a firm believer in not doing too much, give the new owners a livable space with a bit of a canvas to work with.
It's funny because reading everything yesterday, all I could think was "sounds like DC has given up pretending and has gone to straight up copying Marvel and making JL a poor copy of the X-Men and Avengers." *JL will have a lighter tone* Of course it will. That’s what Marvel movies do, right? They make jokes and it's all light-hearted? *Revolves around the search for three Mother Boxes* So…the Mother Boxes are going to be DC’s version of the Infinity Stones? *Big chunk of the movie will focus on Batman forming the team* Exactly how long is the movie going to be? *Superman will have a very limited amount of screen time* Why am I not surprised? *Batman will get an armored suit* So he’s going full Iron Man, huh? *Builds a jet for the Justice League to fly around in as a team* I pictured this conversation taking place: “Hey, the X-Men all fly around in a jet! People like that…we should make the JL do that.” *Batman will have a new batmobile-like vehicle called the “Nightcrawler” which apparently was designed by his father* It’s named after an X-Men character and apparently Thomas Wayne is the Howard Stark of the DCU now . *Flash’s costume is at first pieced together by hand but Batman makes him a fancy new one…there’s a scene where Bruce Wayne confronts Barry Allen in his apt but Barry denies being Flash until discovers the Flash suit. * So…exactly like Tony Stark did with the new Spider-man? In fact, if you've read about the scene it's almost exactly like Tony Stark and Peter Parker. *The villain isn’t Darkseid it’s….Steppenwolf!* ...k. I hate to say it, but I’ve pretty much checked out now. I officially have zero faith. I liked BvS and had hope after that but they’re listening too hard to the critics. Sadly, I predict this will be the last DCU movie. No Aqauaman, no Flash, no Cyborg and no Superman movies. They’ll still maybe make one Batfleck movie, or two, but no JL sequel and never another Superman. Oh well. They deserve to fail at this point.
Man, don't tell anybody you can hear it! They're going to come for you now!
Sadly no. This was a house listed for about $600K and that wasn't even the worst work that was done to it. (I'm a realtor in L.A. The housing market is insane here.)
Cool, man. The dog would thank you if he could.
So a catastrophe would be .... Catastrophic? Great insight.
Jesus wept. This dude must be related to that girl I saw when I saw Man of Steel. Leaving the theater there was a girl I overheard saying, "So Superman is an alien? I thought he was one of the X-Men."
Supergirl: Helen Slater (*major* crush on her way back when), Melissa Benoist [Kristen Bell.](http://i.imgur.com/QgUa38l.jpg)
Starfleet Academy. Providing they didn't go 90210-in-space with it. Or a UFP version of the "West Wing"
&gt; I'm a real estate agent and I find that 9 out of 10 people who say they don't want an HOA change their mind when they see the homes in a neighborhood without one. Haha...I'm a real estate agent now. When I bought my first home I was deadset against anything with an HOA. After living there for a year I became a realtor and refused to live anywhere that didn't have an HOA.
Yeah, this guy's obviously never lived next to anything like that. I don't really give a shit if someone's grass is dead, if the paint is faded, no big. But something like this? It's a safety hazard. A fire starts there? Nothing but kindling, that place goes up in seconds. It's probably a safe bet to say there's an infestation of something, rats or roaches or both or worse. Stuff like that isn't contained to that house, it gets into the neighboring houses as well. It's not just about their yard.
&gt;Nothing against Gonzalez. If anything, it's a knock on management. There was too much ambiguity for too long about his future, and it really affected the clubhouse. Not for nothing but it didn't seem like ambiguity to me. Seemed like stubborn as shit, "we're sticking with him no matter what!" attitude. &gt;"He's the biggest part, I think, because he gives us all the confidence," Inciarte said referring to Snitker. This is what I had been thinking for a long while. It's not as if the roster has changed, it's the same people playing for Snit it was for Gonzo (yeah, I said it, I said Gonzo) but the difference is they have someone willing to give a little, somebody with some heart, some passion, someone who will support them and back them up, someone worth playing for. That alone can make a huge difference in how someone perform and how much they're willing to give to that performance. &gt;"Worst to First." It might take a season or three but yeah, why not?
&gt; I believe that this would have gone full 90210. You're not wrong. On the other hand, a little relationship drama wouldn't have been a completely bad thing. It was something that was rarely addressed on Trek. When people did get involved it was usually for one episode and then it was over. The idea that these cadets would get involved and fall in love knowing they'd inevitably be assigned to different ships or starbases and end up worlds away, how they'd deal with that long term, that element could have been interesting if they didn't *Grey's Anatomy* the shit out of it. &gt;images of a stately Miles O'Brien leading a cast of bright-eyed recruits Exactly, right? Really, it's the only element of Trek that hasn't been explored too heavily onscreen. I think it could be very decent if done properly.
Don't do for sale by owner, that's always a bad idea. I agree with the other guy who said call an agent and go the investor only route. Alternatively, you could contact one of those "we buy ugly houses" groups. They do buy things but for far below market value. It's quick and easy but not as much return as with a traditional sale.
As long as you didn't use tar I think you're good.
This is the right answer. Lois confirms "they did something to read my mind" or some line like that, I can't remember the exact words at this moment.
Dude, TDKR was in no way better than BvS. TDKR was just *boring.* Whatever else you could say about BvS, it wasn't boring. Downvote all you want but I'll stand by that statement.
&gt;BVS isn't even coherent But it isn't boring. Same can't be said for TDKR.
Avatar and Titanic are the highest grossing movies of all time. TDKR sits right behind Transformer: Age of Extinction on that same list and Transformers: Dark of the Moon is higher above that. Avatar has an 83% on RottenTomatoes, Titanic 88%, Dark of the Moon is at 35% and Age of Extinction is at a massive 18%. TDKR? 87%. Only one of the movies that outgrossed TDKR is considered to be better and that movie is still fucking Titanic. My point is that box office and critics mean jack and shit. Think I'm wrong? Look at Age of Extinction again. 18%. Yet it still made $1.1 *billion* dollars. Less than two of every ten people who saw it liked it. Yet people still kept going and going and spent a billion fucking dollars on it. And when Avatar and Titanic are considered to be *good* movies by 9 out of the ten people who saw them, I have very serious doubts about the intelligence level of the average moviegoer. I'm just saying let's not try and convince me that because critics liked a movie or people paid to see it that it's a good movie. Clearly, that's not the case. All that aside, say what you will, you liked TDKR, hated BvS, I'm happy for you. Me, I feel the exact opposite and stand by that statement. End of story.
Having worked at a B&amp;N in my youth I can say without doubt the absolute worst possible thing they could do at that company is get their customers drunk. Of course, the employees would probably drain the keg first.
&gt; LGBTQIA ...QIA?
It's s hard to watch this episode. I was an only child with no father in the picture. I found my own mother dead in a not too dissimilar manner to the way Buffy does. Everything she goes through is so real and raw. I had to call people and tell them. Friends, relatives. The sound of their voices on the other end of the line, like everyone's voice in this episode. Cracking, wanting to cry, to scream, to ask why. It's all very real and very raw. I used to hate the vampire at the end, I thought it distraced from the show. Now I think it fits perfectly. Life goes on. It has to. Despite what's happened, you have to get up and go back to work, to your life. That's how it has to be.
&gt; a Betazoid-Vulcan hybrid villain I just picture Sybok.
I don't disagree with anything you said. But Zack Snyder has a net worth of $22 million. Nobody needs to feel sorry for him. Seriously, give me $22 million and people could blame me for literally anything.
Absolutely. In fact, one of the rumors I heard was that the main antagonist was Lex Luthor. Way I heard it was this: this was a straight up MoS sequel, there was no Batman. Think about it, take Batman out of the story. Not Bruce Wayne, just Batman. Now take Bruce Wayne, his motivations, his actions, his attitude, and who is he like? He's more like Lex Luthor than he is Bruce Wayne. Rumor I heard was that most of Luthor's lines were re-written for Bruce Wayne and Batman was crammed in later. The Batman/Superman fight at the end was Superman vs Luthor in some sort of battle armor. I could believe it. Makes a kind of sense. So yeah, I absolutely believe Luthor was planned for this from the start.
What the other guys said.
There's a hot chick on the Big Bang Theory?
It's gone downhill since they let Katy Perry in.
Gmail, huh? You'd think the Illuminati could spring for their own domain. Just sayin'.
That suit is TDK, not Begins.
It's still an entirely different suit. I happen to prefer the one in Begins.
Cape was the only thing that stayed the same, I think.
Blue and Gold, anyone? Booster and Ted Kord's Blue Beetle?
*Los Angeles County used to have more than 5,000 apparel factories; today, my company is one of roughly 2,000 — and many (e.g. American Apparel) are looking for a way out.* So you have less than half the competition you used to have, you're about to have less and you can't afford .50 an hour? That's the bump right now, by the way-- .50 cents. Not $5. That $5 happens over the next five years. At which point $15 an hour will mean maybe as much as $12 an hour right now. So, it seems to me less competition now + less competition in the future = more productivity and profits. Which would offset the miniscule increase in wages. And if it doesn't then maybe the problem isn't this .50 an hour but rather how you're running your business.
That's the funny thing. I always felt like the Lex we "wanted" or were familiar with, the one from the books who grew up poor and made his own fortune (sort of), he has the same insanity and rage boiling under the surface as the BvS Lex. And if that Lex had grown up rich and had been given the same kind of wealth and power the BvS Lex has at that age, it'd pretty much be the same person.
Just gave a variation of this responding elsewhere but I see it like this: Batman's saying "You might have had it easy in a rich man's prison or even played nuts and got sent to a nice rehab center but I'm sending you to a shithole with real violent, murderous psychopaths. You're well and truly fucked, son."
As a die hard old school Superman fan, I really want to say Superman weekly. But I have a feeling they'd just cock it up somehow and besides, Supergirl fills the void nicely. That in mind, Blue &amp; Gold. Booster and Ted Kord's Blue Beetle.
Obi Wan knew Anakin and Vader were one and the same. In the script and novelization of ROTS Obi Wan sees the holorecording of Palpatine calling Anakin "Lord Vader" so he knows that's who/what Anakin became and later in the novel Dark Lord this happens: *For the first few months of his self-imposed exile Kenobi had no idea what had become of Vader after he had left him to his fate on Mustafar, but one day at a cantina Kenobi finally heard that he was alive when news reached him of Vader’s victory at the Battle of Kashyyyk. He was shocked that the remaining Jedi thought they could band together to defeat the Sith Lord. He had hoped that they would go into hiding like he and Yoda did.*
There's many factors but the long and short of it is this: if that .50 an hour is going to break him and his business, then it really isn't doing enough to last anyway.
Far as I know there's nothing to contradict it and Obi Wan later confirms he knew: *"Your father was seduced by the dark side of the Force. He ceased to be Anakin Skywalker and became Darth Vader. When that happened, the good man who was your father was destroyed. So what I told you was true, from a certain point of view."* So I'm going to assume the novels still tell the story.
I think we'd rather they didn't. Just have Isabella kidnap the baby and neither are ever heard from again.
It's probably been said elsewhere but it's not that they didn't know, it's more that they didn't care.
Came here to reccomend this.
Is there confirmation of that somewhere?
That was a year old so I did some googlin'. Last update was September 2016 where its said they're in developmemt and it won't be part of the DCEU. No release date. I wouldn't put much faith in it at this point. And even if it does happen we could still get a series. Flash is in JL and has his own series. Why not? Eh. We'll see. Not holding out much hope either way, though.
You're running a risk anywhere you go. Hurricanes, blizzards, tornadoes, floods, etc, etc. We got earthquakes. Besides, "the big one" would never happen here. San Francisco is far more likely to suffer a catastrophic earthquake than LA ever will be. That aside, earthquakes have happened here before and will happen again. Be prepared, get insurance. Houses are being retrofitted all the time and built better every year. Nothing's perfect but if there's anyplace where property is built to take a beating, it's here. Trust me. I'm a realtor. I've seen every house you can imagine. Ours are the best.
Realtor. Sylmar/Granada Hills
Fun and cool place. I'd highly suggest stopping by when you have the chance.
It's Norfolk. People there ain't right in the head. Norfolk born and raised, fwiw.
Dahell is "Top Secret"? Besides an awesome movie.
"Steffan...*Jack* Steffan!" Cal Worthington.
Speaking as someone who used to work in banking, use the debit card. When it gets compromised (and it will, fact if life in today's world) it's far easier to just cancel/update the card than the bank account.
As someone who has had their insurance costs go up to five times what they were before the ACA, you're welcome. Look, I'm happy for you, I truly am, but don't thank Obama. Thank me and everyone else who is helping pay these bills.
Never said I wanted it repealed. Fixed, maybe. There are good things about it. Not denying people because of a pre-existing condition? That's fair. Hell, my mom might be alive right now if she'd had that. I'm just saying OP's medical expenses aren't without cost. People need to keep that in mind. "Free" ain't free.
Titan is a ship. Riker was promoted to captain.
I live in California.
"It'd be crazy to limit the longevity of a show that has had a fifty year life -- and on -- to stop just because we pissed on all that history and and made some half assed action movies." ftfy
By far Joyce since I lived through that very moment myself. Hits pretty close to home. But Tara's a close second. Besides liking the character her death was just so sudden and meaningless. Everyone else seemed to die in a fight or something but Tara just got shot for no reason. She was such a nice person who never really did anything to anybody and just wanted to help and be loved and she just gets shot through the heart for her trouble. Meaningless. Sudden. Tragic. (I know it wasnt entirely meaningless in the bigger story-arc, I just mean she didnt go out fighting for something. She was an innocent bystander.)
Having no opinion either way really, I do have a couple thoughts; Just 'cause they suck now doesn't mean they always will. Better them than the Raiders. Edit: Downvote all you want but if the L.A. Chargers win the SuperBowl you'll all be celebrating the L.A. team that won the big game.
Well, I'll be damned. I think they finally got it right.
Thank you...if anyone's interestd, I didn't post this with the intent of having anyone donate, that's their own choice, it was posted because of the Superman connection and nothing more.
The belt thing bugs me. Broken up like that it's clear it isn't a belt but some non-functional adornment to the costume. Makes the suit look like a onesie. The full belt is better.
Probably has to be different from the real thing somehow. Legally they aren't allowed to replicate the FBI badges or ID tags exactly.
Here's the thing: There's variables. How old were the "kids" he was looking at? What was going on in the pictures? If we're talking out and out CP, the bad illegal stuff then ok, he's a bad egg. Or are we talking some random 15 year old who posts risque pics on instagram? Technically he's still jacking it to a "kid" but...he's about 15 so, is it that bad? Or is it just a random Target ad with 9 year olds and not real CP? He didn't do anything illegal but it's still fucked up and he knows it. In which case maybe there's the ability to get him help so he doesn't actually do anything terrible. Just saying there's different possible levels of bad as far as what he did and some aren't necessarily that bad. Comparatively. But that's kind of the point, the show makes you question things and think about them and consider all sorts of things you might not otherwise think of. I mean--consider National Anthem. Imagine they start the episode by showing the guy fucking the pig. You immediately assume he's a twisted, terrible person. But then you see the context and all you can do is feel horrible for the guy. And that his wife leaves him at the end, it's even worse. Or Fifteen Million Merits. She goes into porn. She must not be a very decent person. But it was a way out of that terrible life. Or Men Against Fire. He willingly underwent a procedure that made him a murderer of innocent people. But look at the alternative. The show makes you question things. And this episode, because we never actually see or know for sure what Kenny saw or did, it makes me wonder if what he did was truly that terrible or just overblown in his teenage mind or just maybe generally frowned upon but not actually that bad. I know my conscience isn't guilty and I don't believe my comprehension is bad, but I do think I have a capacity to question and desire to know all parts of a story before making a judgment.
$22
I could probably spare couple hundred bucks, see how it pans out. I'll follow up if I decide to go through with it.
Is that actually stated anywhere? I don't recall that. And I assume he's about 15 since he said he doesn't know how to drive. And if he is 19, doesn't that make things more subjective? I mean, really, as an "adult" what then constitutes a "kid"? 16? 15? 12? It was being funny but remember Chris Rock's " No Sex in the Champagne Room" song? It had this line: *If a woman tells you she's 20 and looks 16, she's 12* Point is, 12 or 16 year olds can look and dress deceptively older. So how do we know he wasn't looking at some hooched up 12 year old? Wouldn't that be a "kid" then? I'd make no argument to justify that or say it's "ok" or "right" necessarily but it's far more understandable and forgivable than straight up dark web hard candy CP shit.
Flaked Fried Crazyhead Love Slasher Halt and Catch Fire (i think it's just the first two seasons on there now but they're brilliant)
They did say that people were afraid of Lore. Something like this would make Data seem more "innocent" or child-like, less...smart, I guess. It might help to make people feel more comfortable around him.
There's nothing wrong with this, the only thing is in the process it can look like the other version of the suit where the outfit is a onesie with some ornamental broken up belt-like thing like [the most recent version.](http://www.comicsbeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/Superman-art-6c69f-1000x642.jpg) But this [newest version](https://i.redd.it/d29fm3j0bi9y.jpg) seems as if the belt is *part* of the pants, like maybe the pants are sewn into the belt or attached somehow. In any event it seems like he's wearing pants and a shirt, not a onesie. This newest version of the costume is perfect, I hope they never change it. It's simple and effective, modern yet classic. The colors are right, the style is right, it's perfect. Just leave it alone.
That's one interpretation although it could be nothing at all to do with it. For example, I'm a realtor. I talk to people with kids all the time. Selling them houses, selling their houses, talking up the schools, the benefits of the houses for kids, talking to the kids--"This'll be your room, right? All this room for toys! You like the pool? Mom and Dad will never get to use it, right?"--crap like that. But I don't like kids. Not like that. I mean, I am *not* a kid person. I *hate* kids. I'm a proud cardcarrying member of the child-free club. Just because you're nice to someone doesn't mean you're attracted to them somehow. I have a friend who's a therapist and has worked with abused kids who said his behavior is not indicative of a pedophile. Kenny kneels and looks the girl in the eye, face to face. That's very atypical of a pedophile. Part of their MO is power, control. They'd never put themselves on an equal level with a "victim" or potential victim. He'd also be much more likely to keep the little girl's toy than give it back. people like that are big on trophies. That's all real life and this is a show so maybe those details aren't relative to the story and maybe that scene really is meant to show us exactly what you said. But again, that's one of the great (and often terrible) things about this show--it makes you question and think. (terrible because there's some things we'd just rather not think about.)
You left out young Armenians.
Realtor. Granada Hills. Variable income. $2K mortgage including HOA for a 3 bed 2 bath in a gated community.
I think it's fun for people to come up with new versions of the suit just for artistic reasons. But the suit he wears is iconic for a reason. It's simple but effective. The cape evokes great imagry, stunning visuals, looks great in shots of him flying or hovering over things. It looks bold and regal. The suit doesn't need to be "more modern" or flashier or "sexier." He's Superman, dude. His name and his actions are as badass as he needs to get. Although, I agree the only thing that needed changing was losing the shorts. [This version](https://i.redd.it/d29fm3j0bi9y.jpg) is *perfect.*
I thought Tim Burton was directing that, not J.J. Abrams. And didn't Sandra Bullock turn them down hard and flat for the role of Lois?
Tragic as this is it makes a sad type of sense. I had a cousin who cared for his mother, she was unable to care for herself after a stroke. He od'd her on her meds because he had terminal cancer and couldn't handle the idea of her living out the end in a home of some sort. He died three months after her. I'm not saying any of it's right, but I understand.
Your odds of making it as a musician or anything in the entertainment field are one in infinity. That said, if you're willing to get a real job and let the music thing be a fun side thing, stick it out and L.A. is a great place.
I hate myself for saying this but...they hate him 'cause they ain't him. Everyone says they want to be Batman but do they really? Sure, it'd be fun to be a billionaire playboy but that's not who Batman really is. He's the guy who gets four hours sleep and spends six hours a day working out to stay in shape to dress up in a bulky costume and go get in fights and do detective work the rest of the time. Meanwhile, who doesn't want what Superman has? Massive strength. He doesn't have to work out. Super vision. X Ray vision. Heat vision. he can run faster than almost anyone on earth. He can fly. He's invulnerable. He's a god-like being. Who wouldn't want that? It's more complex than that and there are other issues at play but I honestly believe that's a big part of it.
I know this show is played for laughs but Bruce Wayne having a cousin makes me wonder about something...if he has a cousin, how is he the sole heir to the Wayne fortune? How did Alfred become his guardian? I mean, Thomas and Martha could have stipulated that in the will but if there's blood relations wouldn't they have a right to come forward and contest that will? "Who would be better fit to raise a 9 year old boy, an old butler or family? And on that note, how is that butler fit to administer a fortune worth billions for that child?" I know continuity varies but in at least one version i recall Martha being an only child and Thomas having a dead brother so the only thing that really makes sense is some distant cousin who was so far removed they had no case to try and contest the will. I'd like it if this were the case and it was revealed he changed his name to Wayne to try and piggyback off Bruce's fortune and name.
If I remember right Peters said in the Death Of Superman Lives she was absolutely opposed to it but curiously all aboard come MoS when her name came up. Of course, she was a lot bigger draw back in the 90s. I guess the right money would have brought her around.
Lots of people work on Saturdays dude.
Yeah, it's even more ridiculous that they're down there acting like fools when they should be working.
Yeah, productive. Donate to a charity or commitee, a political candidate you believe in. Some *productive.* Walking down the street yelling flapping a sign isn't going to accomplish a damn thing. ...and downvotes from idiots too cheap to donate to a cause but happy to walk down the street with a sign yelling like a tool.
That was a long time ago, a time of violent revolutions and overthrowing monarchies. This is a bunch of people walking down a street blocking traffic. What if Trump shlows up in downtown L.A.? What then? Do they kill him? Overthrow the government? No. Of course not. They'd yell at him while he laughs at them. Walking down the streets of L.A. carrying a sign and screaming isn't going to change Donald Trump's mind or actions.
....dafuq?
I'm getting downvoted because I have an opinion that doesn't align with the reddit hivemind. And that's fine. I'll take my little downvotes from people on the internet who think they're better than me 'cause they walked down the street yelling while I went to work and helped people find a place to live and improved their lives and secured their futures. It's all cool.
No. Nothing about zestimates is ever accurate.
Irredeemable. Ex Machina Linsner's Dawn...starring Christina Hendricks.
Excellent point. Maybe karmically the guy deserves a beating but people completely opposed to his way of thinking should rise above violence. Decent people should be better.
You might be sarcastic in that remark but you might also be right.
Who said I was apathetic? What if I told you I've worked on five presidential campaigns, numerous campaigns for local candidates (city council, mayor, congress, etc), donated to various charitable causes and have a job that I feel really helps and benefits people? Now maybe I have and maybe I haven't but I don't brag about it. I don't engage in pointless displays of emotion and protest. I do things that matter. That actually make a difference. I don't walk the street carrying a funny sign and act like I'm part of a "movement." I am *not* the one acting superior.
&gt;riots, beatings, destruction, disrespect, and hatred coming from all the "NOT MY PRESIDENT" folks &gt;Hmmmm... could you maybe provide some evidence of your claims? I haven't heard anything about that. Have you not turned on the news? http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-inauguration-protests-idUSKBN1540J7 https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/2017/live-updates/politics/live-coverage-of-trumps-inauguration/violent-protests-erupt-again-downtown/?utm_term=.0a2fab8b0302 http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-38696645 http://www.cnbc.com/2017/01/20/mac-attack-trump-protesters-smash-window-at-mcdonalds-bank-of-america-other-businesses-ahead-of-presidential-swearing-in-dc.html http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/ct-trump-inauguration-protests-20170120-story.html http://www.nbcdfw.com/news/local/Anti-Trump-Protesters-March-in-Dallas-411373505.html http://www.denverite.com/three-people-arrested-womens-march-denver-27636/ http://13wham.com/news/top-stories/peoples-solidarity-rally-held-in-rochester http://www.chicagoist.com/2017/01/20/photos_multiple_arrests_in_massive.php#photo-1 http://katu.com/news/local/portland-protests-large-crowd-begins-to-gather-at-pioneer-courthouse-square http://www.dallasobserver.com/slideshow/oak-cliff-trump-protest-ends-in-arrests-9107441 http://www.ny1.com/nyc/all-boroughs/trump-inauguration/2017/01/20/new-york-city-council-members-arrested-protesting-new-president-outside-trump-tower.html
Nobody's seen Revenge of the Nerds?
I'd like it if it were just a collection of his tweets.
Since day one, man.
Coastal elites like Reagan and Nixon? Or maybe that dude from Hawaii.
Those are all fair points. I may have been joking just a bit but the truth is Nixon, Reagan and Trump really are all coastal elites. Just an entirely different class of them.
Even if such a thing were legal, I'd have to say that's not ok.
Never skip an inspection and always assume the HOA will find a way not to have to pay.
Out of curiosity, why would you think it wouldn't? Most watched sporting event of the year known for the commercials, (what should be) one of the most anticipated movies ever...seems like a perfect match. Or is it just, based off your username, there can be no super bowl this year? Ha ha! ...it's ok, brother. I'm a Cowboys fan. I know the pain.
They went straight from the cashier to one of [these](http://www.coinstar.com/coinstarexchange). Used to work in banking. Saw this all the time.
*“His presence and lack of presence, are big story points…”* I feel like this could end up being like the theatrical cut of BvS. A lot of stuff happens *because* of Superman but not so much *with* Superman.
I'd like to ask a question without being called racist or starting too big a shitstorm, if at all possible. Correct me if I'm wrong but to my understanding, the whole "sanctuary city" deal is based on the idea that if arrested or stopped by the LAPD someone not in the US legally, that is to say--an undocumented or "illegal" alien--will not be held or extradited to the feds for deportation. However, for example, someone is wanted for robbery in Arizona and is stopped for a moving violation here in L.A. then it's very likely the LAPD would detain them pending extradition to Arizona. (I know this doesn't always happen but it also sometimes does.) So my question is, what's the difference? If the Federal Government says they intend to view an undocumented or "illegal" alien as having committed a criminal act then detain and deport them, wouldn't local authorities be obligated to detain someone that fits that category and turn them over to the feds? I'm not advocating anything in way, not interested in an ethical or moral debate, the nationality or ethnicity of the hypothetical undocumented person is not the issue. I'm just asking a question about the legalities.
I think perhaps you could have phrased things differently but I don't think you're wrong. There's probably something to the idea that many of the homeless already suffered from some form of mental illness prior to getting into this predicament. But there are people that end up homeless due to terrible circumstances. I think about my own situation. Thankfully, I've never been that far down. But several years ago I moved out of an apartment I loved. Lived there for almost 20 years. They were tearing the place down, had to go. My mom lived there, too. I paid for her place downstairs from me. But I bought us a house. She was older and had some physical disabilities so I decided it was best for her to live with me, anyway. Long story short, mom died the day we moved into the house. The house was also a disaster. Right after I moved in it started falling apart. Electrical issues, leaky roof, gas leak, cockroach infestation, mice, you name it and that place had it wrong. It cost me a fortune. I also got transferred to a different job at work. One I didn't like and wasn't good at. I got pretty depressed. I missed my old life. I would sit around and think on that old apartment and saying hi to my mom when I got home from work at the job I was good at. That was all gone and there was no way of getting it back. I got even more depressed. I moved on and found my way out of all that. But the homeless? They probably never will. I know how miserable I was, mourning and missing my old life but I still had a job and a roof over my head and knew where my next meal was coming from. They can't say any of that. So yeah, I imagine the misery of simply being homeless compounded by the mourning and missing of their old lives and the total uncertainty of what comes next, of everyday being that way with no way out in sight, I can't even imagine the crippling despair, anxiety and depression that could cause. So yes, I do believe that may well contribute to the mental state of our homeless population. I don't know, the phrasing if your title seems like you may be playing it for laughs but you're not entirely wrong.
Reminded me of [this](http://i238.photobucket.com/albums/ff184/Lucean/Rumble/BatmanVsPredatorBook2-33.jpg).
I'd say there's a difference between choosing one over the other due to pricing or service as opposed to some random moral objection--"I don't like the guy running the company!". I mean, I hate the guy who owns Papa Johns. But if they made good pizza I'd still eat it. They make shitty pizza, that's why I don't eat it. I walked out of Jack Reacher because it was a crappy movie not because Tom Cruise is part of a murderous cult. I drive a Jeep because it suits my needs better than a Prius. You see my point? Free market, pricing, service, there's legit reasons to choose one thing over the other. The boycott of uber is a political witchunt that only hurts people. Just my opinion.
No one who lives in Chatsworth is going to say their address is Los Angeles. You know what I mean, man.
It's also a way to show other agents who come by just how many showings the property has had. Lot of cards, lot of interest.
He may not have thought about it at that moment, but wouldn't it have ended the same way, probably? Mike killed the other guy who tried to handle that list. And he liked him. You think he would have let Walt go after those people?
Do Elliot and Gretchen really know how much a hitman would cost? And when you think about it, they were both pretty much standing in puddles of their own piss trembling like a Chihuahua in an Alaskan winter. They probably would have believed anything he said.
This sound is fairly common in Los Angeles during the months of June to August, peaking in early July. Closer to the source of the sounds you may find incidents of fires, individuals with missing fingers or hands and overall lower property values. Contacting authorities isn't suggested or warranted and if done will result in little or no investigation. There's little to be done except save money, invest wisely and move further away from the source of the sounds. Fireworks. It's fireworks.
I never thought I'd say I want to see a bald tiger but now... [Googled and...welp..](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CgmErGmU8AA51Tz.jpg)
Finding them, you'd just have to check the news sites. Look for murders and see if you can get the address. There's resources and sites out there that will tell you where murders were commited in your area, I think. I actually had a client who specifically wanted a murder house. She would visit famous murder and crime scenes. That was her hobby, man. She ended up finding a place that had been the sight of a murder/suicide. Whatever works for you. As far as disclosing, the rules are different everywhere. I live in L.A. and we won't have to disclose a death if it was over three years ago.
I near shit a brick. Dougie's office--I used to work there! Banks and stuff. Glendale, California. Funny enough, I'll actually be there this week for lunch with some friends and to finalize some paperwork on an escrow.
Leland did tell Coop to find Laura. Got to be something to that.
I find it odd the kid's name is Sonny Jim Jones. An off reference to the Rev. Jim Jones, maybe?
I said this before but i think it's funny that Amanda Seyfried is playing Bobby's daughter. She has a passing resemblance to Sheryl Lee. Her character is kind of like Laura. Seyfried herself played a character in Veronica Mars whose murder is the central theme of the show and she was only ever seen in flashbacks and home videos. It's probably all coincidental but it's a fun coincidence.
Very true. I'd be kind of surprised if she wasn't though.
&gt; Uncle's day at a whorehouse Is that what they call it when Jerry Horne visits One Eyed Jack's?
I think the fingerprints are because Evil Coop is a "dark mirror" of real Cooper. He's his exact opposite, that's why it's flipped. Dougie's arm went dead because he was wearing the Owl ring, the same thing happened to Teresa Banks. Dougie's not a recent creation. He's been around long enough to get a good job, a wife, a kid and a nice house along with a hell of a reputation and knack for getting his ass deep in the shit, it seems. I'm thinking Evil Coop put the ring in the dead body (Major Briggs?) to throw suspicion off himself. He knew things were about to get real and people might be looking for him/Cooper so if they found Dougie instead then they'd figure they found Cooper and stop looking for him.
The image? It was in one of the showtime promos.
Are you looking at list prices right now? Here's the thing: there's no inventory right now. Everything is selling above list with multiple offers. This is also the start of the busiest time of the year. The prices are reflecting that buyer desperation. What's more, remember that most homes don't sell to individuals. They sell to couples or families. Two people making $50K+ can easily afford a mortgage.
When you're talking over a million, yeah the $50K+ is a bit more "+". The average buyer, homes in the $600K-$800K range, two people at ~$50K or so can manage that. I see it all the time.
Unpopular opinion: Vader wasn't redeemed. Anakin Skywalker was never a very good person and kept getting worse. As Anakin he was mean, spiteful, angry, jealous, reckless, predatory and vindictive as well as a murderer. As Darth Vader he was literally responsible for billions of deaths. And we're expected to believe that by the simple act of not letting someone murder his son he's redeemed? Imagine, in WWII, Hitler and Eva Braun have a child. Himmler decides to take control of the Reich in the fading days of the war, murders Eva, goes after Hitler's son and Adolf kills Himmler. Hitler is captured and brought before the court at Nuremberg. When the world is faced with the evidence--countries invades, people tortured, the bodies of six million dead litter the European countryside. Hitler's defense attorney stands up and offers one thing in his defense: "Ladies and gentlemen...he *saved* his son!" Would we say Hitler was redeemed? Well, Vader was worse than that and we assume he is. But why? From the minute he discover's Luke's identity Vader tells him, over and over, that they will rule the galaxy together. He can only mean he intends to kill Palpatine. That's how the Sith work. What happens in the end? He kills Palpatine. He just happened to get himself mortally wounded in the process. He says he's going to kill the Emperor with the intent he and Luke will rule the galaxy together and he does exactly what he said he would. There's no indication whatsoever he was redeemed and saw the error of his ways. In all likelihood, had he not died, he would have made good on his attempt to sway Luke to the Dark Side and rule the galaxy together. As far as I understand Force Ghosts only exist within the Jedi and there's no canon justification for Force Ghosts to exist for the Sith but simply because we don't yet know of such a thing does not mean it doesn't exist. I do not now and never have seen any evidence whatsoever that Darth Vader was ever redeemed in any way and became a good person, not in his life or at his death.
You talking about the movie or the character? I think people who dislike Superman the character find him unrelatable. He's got all the powers and abilities of a god yet he chooses to live a normal life and work a regular job and when he puts on the cape it's not for glory or honor or accolades or wealth--he helps people and does the right thing simply because it's the right thing to do. Sadly, that's all too alien to most people. It's hard to believe one wouldn't use that power for personal gain. It's far easier to want to be a billionaire who puts on a mask and beats the hell out of people because someone once hurt them. I get that. I do. But I choose to relate to the hero. I don't think he's unrelatable. I want to believe that if I woke up tomorrow with Superman's abilities I'd be like him. Like the story says, he will give the people an ideal to strive towards. If people can't see that potential or ideal within themselves, then they can't relate to Superman. And that just leads to ridicule and contempt. So they hate Superman because he's representative of every failing in themselves. I may have the same failings but I strive toward the ideal. As for their problem with MoS the movie? No red undies.
Stick him on 3rd one day, call it an experiment. We're not competing. Now's the time to throw shit at the wall, see what sticks. Him at 3rd probably won't but what's one game, right?
Was I the only one who thought there seemed to be a big age gap between Annie and Norma? Maybe Norma's birth mom died and Annie's mom was Norma's stepmother.
Sonofabitch...I knew there was something familiar about that guy.
He''s playing too well to ride the bench. I'm saying, we're bound to have another game like that 14-1 rout of the Phils or where we get tore up. We put him at 3rd in that game just to see what happens. Nothing to lose there. The reality is he's going to get traded. But right now our 3rd base options aren't ready and if a fluke happens and he can handle 3rd til they are then we keep his bat in the lineup for a while longer. Like I said, what's one game right now?
Sweet Mo's in North Hollywood. Soul Food.
But for what purpose? There were tons of infomercials on overnight back then, that was the only airtime they had. That there was an informercial on at 3 AM wasn't unusual.
Nah, I was (still am) a nightowl. It's almost 3AM now.
No, I remember that but this was a legit infomercial. Wasn't any kind of tie-in related to the movies.
I learned that later, of course.
Much as I love those guys any one of them in that role would have come across as making fun of the mentally disabled. Simple Jack IRL.
&gt; you don't need that many ounces to be.... effective. Does it have the same effect on Klingon anatomy?
I could see that. I believe Coop would definitely take care of them. My girlfriend *loves* Overboard. Fun fact: They're doing a gender-reversed remake starring Anna Farris in the Kurt Russell role.
That story's a hard sell. We'll probably have to see this play out when Cooper gets his memories back. I'd love to see Jane's reaction.
[Dude...](http://i.imgur.com/vQSfFdL.gif)
I was thinking they might be eligable for witness relocation of some sort. Dougie's into some serious crap, mob from the looks if it. Maybe they could hook her up with a new life somewhere.
Kid's last name is "Jones.". I assume he s Dougie's. Dougie could have adopted him, I suppose.
Maybe not those two who came for the money but maybe the people they work for or the people who tried to blow him up. That's not small time stuff there.
They live in Vegas. He just has a year-round tan.
I'm just assuming we blame Skyler for everything.
I don't see the problem. Nothing a handyman with a little paint thinner, some kerosene and a match couldn't fix.
Nah, just found it but I thought it was funny and kind of cool.
If a little ghost girl doesn't let loose an epic vulgarity laced streak of insults, I'm out.
I would give a testicle for a post-Nemesis era prime timeline Trek series. It seems that may never happen. And frankly, that makes me really, really sad. The Trek I grew up with is gone and it looks like it will never come back. I'm not talkign about recaptring the magic of TOs or the gradual beauty of TNG but the way it grew and expanded with DS9 and even VOyager, for all it's flaws, it was still reaching and exploring. Now we get pretty lights and motorcycles and Beastie Boys. (I know it was entertasining to some but not to me.) The perfection of Trek was that it wasn't just the Enterprise and Kirk, it was a whole universe of different worlds and different ships and unlimited potential. And that potential seems to have been wasted. I guess there's always the books but man, I miss Trek.
Know why no one tells jokes about Jim Jones? The punchlines are too long. ......I'll see myself out.
Yeah, I had the same thought.
November 10, 2040: Braves legend Chris McMahon announced his retirement today saying "If I can only manage a 2.00 ERA, come in second in the league in K's I just don't deserve to play anymore." Initially a dark horse bottom of the barrel draft pick, McMahon retires after a 21 year career in the bigs with 12 Cy Young Awards, 6,120 career strikeouts, 15 no-hitters, 5 NL MVP awards, and eight World Series rings. A natural righty McMahon learned to pitch southpaw for the 2022 season after breaking his right hand during an on-field scuffle with the New York Yankees. The incident occurred after Yankees right fielder Bryce Harper watched a fastball sail over the middle of the plate and after the called strike bizarrely accused McMahon of throwing at him. Harper charged the mound and McMahon punched him in the groin. Harper was taken off the field unconscious but McMahon broke his hand when Braves first-baseman Freddy Freeman awarded him with an enthusiastic high-five. Harper would never again step foot on a baseball field. McMahon decided to pitch lefty for the remainder of the season and occasionally thereafter often pitching back-to-back games, one righty and the other lefty. This afforded him the ability to become the only pitcher in MLB history to pitch back-to-back perfect games in a double-header against the Washington Nationals in August 2024. When asked what he plans to do with his retirement he was silent for a moment before suggesting he might run for mayor of Atlanta in at attempt to unseat the vastly unpopular Fredi Gonzalez III.
I'm with you. I hated that picture so much, I didn't like any of what I'd heard about the movie, I was skeptical on the cast--I walked into that theater expecting to come out disgusted and having given up on the idea of ever seeing a good Superman movie. I was completely surprised. I loved the movie, absolutely loved it. But that's still a less than awesome picture.
"Pour some sugar on me" Coffee connection confirmed.
[Bass for sure.](http://i.imgur.com/UofmZdC.jpg)
La Crescenta, Tujunga, Sunland, La Canada all fall into the Crescenta Valley. At least the way I've always heard it. Pasadena started the SGV. It's interesting to see the different take on things, though.
Here's my thing. I moved here 25 years ago, everyone said Glendale is part of the SFV. I work as a realtor, when people tell me they're looking for SGV they've never included Glendale. When people say they're looking for the SFV they've never not included Glendale. Until the lady I talked to today. That's why it threw me for a loop.
Yeah, only reason it bugged me is that I'm a realtor and it was a potential client. Of course if she's going to be that big a pita about something like this she's probably more trouble than I want to deal with.
Ah man. We grew up in the same town. This sucks. :(
I started there and ended up with Josie.
SD
Come on, it wasn't a Barves kind of game. We won!
I don't care for the term "fur-babies" but I get it. Anyone that says a cat or dog can't be on the same level as a child or human family member...well, screw them. My cat died on December 12, 2015. The first thing I thought was "my son is dead." That boy saved my life. Literally. He's the reason I'm alive today and there's no human being in this world about whom that could be said. Anybody that dared say to me he wasn't as important to me as someone's child is to them or that he was *just* a cat...well, no one who knows me would ever say that.
As a Realtor I implore every one of you not to use or trust Zillow. Their information is wildly inaccurate and unreliable. realtor.com is a far better way to search on your own. And you can always contact a realtor and tell them what you're looking for. It's no effort--or obligation--for us to sign anyone up for email alerts that provide you current, accurate, detailed listings as soon as they hit the market.
dem codpieces tho...
She's not unattractive but knowing she does that bird-feeding her kid shit makes me queasy every time I see her.
It leaves a taste in my mouth that shit would flavor but I have to say I agree with you. I loathe the DH but...it's time.
It's great, isn' it? *Suggest Freddie play 3rd*. Everybody: DOWNVOTE!!! YOU'RE AN IDIOT!! NEVER WORK!!! DOWNVOTE DOWNVOTE AAAAHHHH!!!! *Freddie plays 3rd* Everybody:. Yeah, this could work.
No problem. But even for the casual browsing I'd suggest realtor.com or even redfin. Redfin is closer to being right about things but it's still not very reliable. realtor.com pull straight from the MLS that I as a realtor work in. I know if I change or update a listing it might take days for that new info to show up in Zillow. I think if there was anything that complicated most business professionals' lives the way Zillow complicates realtors' lives it would be outlawed. You know, not for nothing, but if you or anyone else is curious or interested in the goings-on in a city realtors can help you out. It's really little effort for us to set people up with an email shows up once a week tells you what sold in an area, what's new, so on. It's an automated email that puts one under no obligation to use that realtor for buying or selling in the future. Doesn't cost us anything and we never sell the email so you don't get spam. Just something to think about, lot of people don't know what we can really offer. Mods, forgive me if that comes close to soliciting, doesn't have to be me, can be any realtor. That's more helpful knowledge that anything else.
Just don't kiss her, I guess?
Wouldn't you rather know, though? Imagine you meet her and get sloppy with her then you find out. No. Some things you need to know ahead of time.
I'm not going to dignify any of this with a response. It's like talking to an anti-vaxxer or flat-earther. Again, if anyone else is here reading this I'll just say as a professional in my field, I implore you not to pay any mind to this person. If anyone has any questions or wishes to have me clarify any particular point please feel free to PM me, I'd be happy to answer any questions you might have.
True but he was far from spry. By the time Picard was captain of the Enterprise there's no certainty Kirk or Scotty would be alive. Spock, maybe but he was also half-human.
No, it's my job to help people. That's the last I'll say to you. Again, if anyone else needs questions answered or anything explained please feel free to PM me.
Leave the terminal, find a ride, exit the airport, turn around and go directly back to the airport. You should maybe make it back just in time for your flight.
I lived near a WB warehouse when TDKR was being filmed. They hauled the camo and Batmobile tumblers down the street past by house. They actually stopped and the guy got out to check the chains and hookups on the flatbed, I just remember standing in my front yard, checking my mail and there's the goddamn batmobile right in front of me. It was pretty cool.
And the picture is also of Christopher Reeve.
I'm 5'11" so I guess it seemed pretty average size to me. haven't seen Batfleck costume in person though. I saw Affleck himself once though and he was tall so I imagine that suit is bulky as hell. I remember standing next to Anne Hathaway's Catwoman outfit and just thinking it was child-sized.
Out of curiosity, what makes you say a closer is the stupidest position in all of sports?
That's a fair point. I do believe closers are misused somewhat these days. It was a better use of their skills when they weren't necessarily called closers and didn't just come in, pitch one inning of 100 mph fastballs and call it a day. Used to be when they came in they pitched two or three innings of good ball.
http://paradiseranch.net/waterpark-for-dogs-cage-free-boarding/
Could you maybe have seen an [albino raccoon?](http://i.imgur.com/RagZyBI.jpg) I'm willing to give you the benefit of the doubt, could be some rich dumbass who got a red panda and thought they could keep it as a pet. Didn't work and they just let it loose. I'm willing to bet this sort of thing happens more frequently than we realize, the animals just don't last very long against coyotes or mountain lions. Even then, weird shit is prone to show up from time to time. I was walking down Pass in Burbank by Alameda once, many years ago, right off the freeway there's that parking garage across from Milt &amp; Edie's? This was maybe 2 or 3 AM, I was heading to that Von's, and in that garage I saw what I'm 100% sure was a black jaguar. Big bastard, I shit you not. Jags have been [spotted in Los Angeles](http://www.cnn.com/2014/08/05/us/los-angeles-mystery-wild-cat/index.html) before and they're starting to [pop up more frequently in the American Southwest.](http://abcnews.go.com/Technology/story?id=98074) Melanism is rare and rarer still to see it in a species that itself is relatively scarce around here but I know what I saw. So, yeah, I'm willing to believe you saw what you saw.
You can absolutely move here with $0. I mean, don't expect that story to end well but...hey, we can never have enough cautionary tales, right?
Yeah, that was exactly what it looked like to me, too.
Nah, she just never got her color back after passing out like that. hastag-nofilter
I used the website, it was easy. Like the other responder said they pick it up same day as your trash. No big.
Shit, son.
&gt; So maybe Cooper will be back since Mr. C kinda died for a second I was sort of expecting a cut to Dougie and he just sits up, wide-eyed and aware, and Coop's back! Yeah, that didn't happen.
&gt; we know because BOB possessed Leland when he was a child in Washington(Pearl Lakes) I've wondered about that...we know Leland *said* that. But he was pretty much full on BOB by then. It wouldn't be impossible for him to lie.
http://twinpeaks.wikia.com/wiki/Episode_10
I saw the frogroach is Laura theory, too and I admit one is as likely as the other but I guess it's easier to believe BOB would be born out of a desert frogroach than to believe Lauara, apparently a good spirit, would start out that way. Either way, I think it's evident now that Leland/BOB was lying when he said he knew a Robertson/BOB when he was a boy at Pearl Lakes. It no longer seems to make sense with what we've seen. &gt;There's a lot of confusion about this stuff. That's an understatement if ever there was one.
&gt; firework show. An officially sanctioned, professionally organized event where the proper precautions were taken. I got no problem with that. It's the asshole with some illegal firework setting that shit off in the street outside my house I take issue with.
Looks well fed so if eh did get out of a house or apt he's probably hungry. Maybe put some food out for him, see if he'll come around. You could get a live trap from the Burbank Animal Shelter for $50 rented, put some tuna in there and see if he gets caught. He's got a collar so maybe there's tags on there or he might be chipped. On the other hand, might just be someone who doesn't care enough to keep their cat indoors. In which case he might as well be a stray so he deserves a better human anyway.
They still might. I'm just not ruling anything out. Especially after last night.
I don't know if he's "dying" exactly, maybe just in the sense that we're all dying. He is 71 years old, after all. Despite being in what seems to be pretty good shape at that age he still has to be well aware of time catching up to him. The average life expectancy for a white male is 76 or 77, if I remember right? Think about how quickly five or six years can go by. I think maybe Lynch understands his time is limited. Even if he lives to be 100 or more at some point he won't be able to make movies anymore. He has to feel the need to get his vision out there, whatever that may be, whatever the reaction to it. He's beyond an age where he feels the need to impress anyone or cater to anyone's ideas of what his work should be. He's also earned a level of respect and success that allows him to indulge in his art without a shit to give. So yeah, he may well be dying in the sense that any 71 year old is dying, same way we all are. And it may be the most freeing, creative thing that's ever happened to him.
Remember when they made a huge deal over their $6 burger for $4 or something? Now the sad, low level Famous Star is like $7 or some shit.
Probably because if you got a bunch of people with anger management issues in a room together you might quickly end up with a Fight Club. In all seriousness though, the point of places like AA and NA is that you really don't give out your identity or name (it's Alcoholic *Anonymous* after all). And you don't hold your tongue. It's straight talk only in there. That's the point. Don't keep anything bottled up. But maybe an anger management type of AA would be beneficial. Not everyone responds well to therapists and therapy.
What part of Sun Valley? Above Glenoaks or below? Above you're probably ok, especially if you're off Sunland in the Shadow Hills area. Below...that's another story.
As a Millennium and Lance fan, I'd kill for more Millennium. But after the XF "Millennium" episode, I think I'd want to kill them if they did this. They're both fine programs but the vibe between the two is very different. They may share the same universe but a crossover isn't the way to go. I'm still hopeful for a Millennium movie. Netflix, anyone?
This is the best answer. He had to get in from outside so you don't want to drop him off too far from where you found him.
I wonder if it was this episode that made Showtime try and contain him. Or if it was the usual studio BS. I like to think when he finally got control back, when Showtime threw up their hands and said, "Fine! It's your show, do whatever you want!" Lynch smiled and immediately started writing this episode. "Whatever I Want, you say?"
Is it about the bunnies???
Can we rename Skid Row as Trump Way?
Probably several someones that, for very good reasons, none of us will ever know about.
There's something in WeHo. I guarantee it. In fact, you probably wouldn't even have to wait til Halloween.
I worked in the call center for A nAtionAly known roadside assistance service for a while. Now, I had some interesting shit go down. The nudist and the dead monkey, without a doubt. But this one was my worst call. Had a guy blew a tire on the fwy. He call us, I send the service request through and he decides to get the ball rolling by getting the spare out and setting aside some things and meanwhile he asks me to conference him in with his father. See, he says he's on the way to meet his old man and if he disconnects from me he probably isn't going to get a signal again. So I call his pops and we're explaining the situation when I hear the most deafening sound I've ever heard. Like every special effect in the entire Transformers movie series played all at once at unspeakable volume. I realize I'm on the phone with just the guy's father now. We're both silent. We both know what had to have happened. The father asks quietly, "What do I do?" My only suggestion was to call the highway patrol. He hung up. Of course, it was a big rig that nailed the guy. So yeah, that was my most memorable call.
Traffic.
You can use jelly...or you can use syrup.
Laura wasn't his only desire. He killed Teresa, he would've killed Ronette and it was implied there were other victims. There may be more to the BOB/Laura relationship than we knew but she wasn't his sole obsession.
I understood the why, for sure. I mean, in theory it was a rational move. But neither of these guys had been very impressive in the last couple years. It was a gamble. It's sort of paying off.
