Dude this is so awesome and hilarious
I think it would be cool if we allowed for scripting inventions to be posted here
I don't like nameplates because I think their useless but the rest are cool
Remnant gets a lot of frame rate issues and I was never a fan of the original map, so I kind of find it not that great. It looks good though
Wally and Jay. I really think we should wait a bit for others
Actually maybe not armor effects
For instance I'm a forger who makes various types of maps and inventions. I show tutorials and maps on my channel MartianMallCopStudios. If you create interesting content in a specialty field people who are interested in that field will be naturally more interested in you
I just feel like nameplates are a waste of resources and not very impactful.
Ya the lack of BR starts gets really annoying for me.
I honestly think your having bad luck I actually constantly get Valhalla and construct whenever I try playing halo 3. I never get guardian or assembly though
Me and 3 other friends went through the entire odst campaign. We got massive frame rate drops every 5 to 10 minutes which kinda sucked but at least it was better than when we tried playing halo 3
I like the hunter zoloman one the best as he's not necessarily a total bad guy. He is trying to make superheroes better so they can save people. I think that would be a very interesting character
Why isn't Nyssa or Katana there?
Same reason as why coop campaign isn't fixed or that we can't save videos for viewing later
I really hope GL stays out of the flash. Don't get confused though, I love GL but I feel that adding him in isn't good for the flash. Its like adding batman into arrow, he would immediately steal the spotlight. I'd much rather him have his own show then be on arrow or flash
I feel that as one of the DC bigs that GL can steal quite a bit of the flash's spotlight. I'd rather see the development of vibe, killer frost, firestorm, and maybe some lesser known characters as I find that they have a bit more freedom with them.
My entire team left in a game in halo reach and it was me verse 4 other people on the enemy team on swordbase. I killed 2 of them so the score was 2-0 then his the rest of the game to get the win occasionally getting a few assassinations in the process
343 wanted to find one of the easiest maps to remake so it wouldn't be hard to put out. They have mainly done fan favorites and easy maps to remake. That is why we also have Warlord.
Halo 3 and halo 2 have the best multiplayer
Warlock is nowhere even close to how good turf and terminal were and people liked those maps more as well. Lockout and stone town were obvious fan favorites and shrine was a good MLG map. Warlord and relic were just the easiest to remake
While I agree with that I know plenty of people who don't agree with that who like GL more than the Flash.
That's the thing the damage is done. Look at Battlefield 4. The game is practically fixed completely but they have little population growth since the game already has the reputation of being broken. Same with MCC. That is why they haven't put many resources towards fixing it. Its not profitable
Your rumors are false
Bullet magnetism in h4 and h2a is a little rrdiculous
I think I can safely say they won't bring reach on to the collection for a while now
Its better than before but still has plenty of issues. If you want to play matchmaking you should be good. Customs are much better now due to the recent update but still have some issues. You still can't save theater clips for later. Coop campaign still doesn't work properly for many people. Etc...
H2a vehicles are like frickin tissue paper
It depends how Xbox live cloud servers are doing that day
Halo 5 is going to have legacy options so in customs you'll be able to use previous halo settings if you please. Halo 5 based off the beta is actually much better than halo 4. Those are some reasons
One that doesn't exist. The characters are so much more interesting when they are not in a super hero team up
Well it says his own Felicity. Meaning hopefully a Felicity like character. So hopefully its Patty Spivot. That would be awesome
Diggle
Has he ever shot at the flash?
He learned that the hard way. Because of him making it so the flash wouldn't exist by giving him childhood trauma. He had to make Barry become the Flash so he could get his speed back
I'd love to see these for arrow season 1 and 2
I'd suggest trying HaloCustoms or Forgehub
There will most likely be weapon skins. I think it will not change the sights on the weapon or how the weapon functuons and hopefully it doesnt
It depends on your connection really. Some people take a few minutes to get into a game, some take a few seconds, and some people can't even get into games.
Oh so its like skirmish from reach with AI thrown in
These aren't customizable loadouts right? I'm pretty sure they are like skirmish in reach where there are preset loadouts that you unlock as the game progresses.
Hopefully we'll also get the falcon
Falcon's pls....
Thank you! someone else who understands that the falcon is the vehicle we need!
I've heard that the pistol is 4 shot headshot
Lol no. It's an aesthetic thing that should have no effect on gameplay
Most that I've heard is that people are mostly cool with it but hope that things like the req system have no effect in arena games
I hope this gets fixed so badly
I actually heard there was going to be more customization
http://m.imgur.com/a/v5vt1 This link might work a bit better
They should also do that with forge maps. Best 3 get implemented into dev maps
Hell yes! There are so many better characters in Halo than chief to play as. Like for instance the Arbiter and Buck ( as main character).
This is a really awesome idea!
The closest thing I've seen to that is that the only animal I've seen access the speedforce in comic was grodd
I'd buy the idea of Oliver not playing judge jury and executioner now but in season one he definitely was. He actively killed people who refused to stop their heinous crimes.
Most of the religious inspired parts of Halo were really in H2 an H3, with the majority in H2. Honestly I don't see many in H4 other than the covenant obeying the didact and stuff
Artistic license?
The beta was 6 months ago but recently people were able to play games of warzone at e3. There has been quite a few changes since the beta so many of us are discussing that.
Hard reset?
I'm pretty sure at the end he fails and gets sucked in. Most likely leads to multiverse
Warzone &gt; Destiny
Well if your referring to the current Arbiter, most likely not. The current Arbiter is crazy tough
H3 one was worse
I mean in h5 the banshee and ghost looked cool. Also the new carbine looks pretty BA as well
I hope not. I hate the mantis personally
The way to balance the mantis is to make it about as strong as a warthog. Hijackable as a small vehicle. Give it an open cockpit and remove the rocket feature. Then give it more speed
Well you have to counteract the change in vehicle health with some speed but it obviously doesn't have to be as fast as a warthog. If it were my way it would have chainguns on both sides. It would be hijackable where you could kick the driver out and take his/her place, I'd remove the stomp ability and give it a thrusterpack, so it can avoid being hijacked if the driver is skillful enough.
The map is really bad. There is very little ways for map control and is just a chaotic clusterfuck. It must be your luck. I rarely get it when in matchmaking.
I'm gonna say Roy due to his experience in the field. I feel that Thea is definitely close though
Honestly I don't give a shit about Olicity or Lauriver. I just want there to be good writing. This season they pretty much failed on that, giving us the mediocre season we were subjected to
1. Multiple textures options in the same canvas on the same objects so contrast will be easier (such as concrete, wood, metal, covenant theme, etc) 2. Consistent textures over a variety of objects so players can create interesting geometry without having issues with textures overlap. 3. Falcon return pls and elephant as a vehicle for use in forge. 4. More scripting map gadgets, need things like elevators, laser bridges, activatable water falls etc. 5. Grass planes of smaller variety. 6. Easier to use terrain pieces (terrain flats are a bitch) 7. Ability to change color of all vehicles. 8. The neutral color stripe thing needs to not be light blue, instead it should mean no detail color at all. .... Also there better be scripting in Halo 5 or else!
I honestly would prefer a green arrow game from them more. The superpowers would kinda feel cheap to me the same way that it did in Saints Row
Maybe the covenant was searching and killing Pod occupants and took the pod as scrap. That's my excuse
I'd have to disagree. I'd say destiny's map designs have been pretty trash. They may look great aesthetically but the layout is trash. The only good map in crucible was the one on Venus with the circular spinning half dishes. Most maps have awful heavy weapon ammo positions and are designed so there are little successful map control points. It just leads to cat and mouse gameplay where people don't even try to control the map.
I'd have to say Reach map design was about hit or miss. Powerhouse was good, countdown was good, but for instance swordbase was awful due to the top of the map being very campable. Also the Invasion maps were fairly good. Spire wasn't as good as boneyard but nonetheless they weren't halfbad. But H4 had the worse maps out of every Halo. Solace was practically a gears of war map. Practically every map on it sucked other than daybreak, skyline, pitfall and Landfall. No emphasis on map control. It was designed for people to run around with their heads cut off, cat and mouse gameplay galore.
Well COD players have the tendency to prefer chaotic twitch shooter style gameplay where players have no need to control the map. So many of their opinion s tend to be on the side that Halo should be more like that kind of design, which ends up being detrimental to gameplay. To say a COD player's opinion doesn't matter is obviously wrong and should always be considered. It should also be noted that many gameplay elements of CoD are very bad for Halo.
Well spring can be considered something that has caused the game to be worse. In H4 it was very bad because having sprint made maps excessively large with ridiculous sightlines due to the movement speed being that high. Balancing sprint in h5 has been a better change as they lowered its top speed making the difference between base speed and sprint much less and making shields not recharge while running. tl:dr Sprint was objectively bad in H4.
Well if I'd go into specifics the paragraph would be a lot longer.
This is a tendency. Just because you don't do it doesn't mean it doesn't happen. The game was already trying to veer the kids from CoD to Halo in Halo 4. Just look at ordinance drops, sprint (how it was done in h4), custom loadouts. Everyone I know who loves CoD like Halo 4s multiplayer despite it clearly being the worst of the series mp-wise. That shows my point that in some situations opinions about other games can effect ones outlook on another even if it is slight.
Actually i told you something was bad and explained why it was. That is known as showing evidence for your claim. Well here is the logic behind why sprint was bad in H4. Due to the increased movement speed it you have to pace your shots for greater distances in order to take out a sprinting target so in H4 the maps all had large pacing to match the new movement speed. This means it created large open spaces, exaggerated sightlines and made movement options fairly linear (meaning that due to the map scaling increase, the movement options you have are too far away therefore you are far more predictable to a foe which natural decreases the dynamics of gameplay). Also due to this we get cat and mouse like gameplay of players preferring to run away and be chased down, which is very similar to CoDs style of gameplay, rather than sticking in the fight or finding an interesting route to flank the opponent.
Definitely the Halo 3 one where he throws down the bubble shield and jumps into the crowd of brutes
Wtf why would someone make fake rumors to debunk their own rumors?
Is that even a question. Arby would destroy those fools
They said they were considering it before but idk. Very few dev maps actually run infection good other than ghost town from h3 so they would need forge maps
So... No falcon.... :(
There is a concept known as risk vs reward for weapon placement, basically don't place a weapon where it is most useful, or make a risk to take towards getting that weapon. For instance don't put a sniper in a sniper tower that has a great view of the map, instead place it at a lower part of your map where it is not as useful. Or if you have a sword put it in a more open part of the map so their is a risk of going to get it.
Sorry but that's a horrible idea. If you have large open spaces in your map never put a sniper as other players will get picked off easy. It will lead to just boring games of whoever grabbed the sniper barely has to fight to keep it as they can just pick people off easy from a distance
The issue is with a shitty launch comes the reputation of the game being bad and therefore less players
Legendary magnum that is like the h1/magnum. Grenade launcher from Halo reach.
I'm pretty sure there's only no split screen co-op and you can still co-op campaign online
I really liked it but I've heard a about quite a few people that didn't find it that great
I definitely would. Reach had some excellent design for its campaign
Couldn't even get an extermination. What a noob ;)
Scrub ;)
Na but in all seriousness this was pretty awesome
Well is she using the company's money or her own personal profit from working at the company?
Thats neutral flag. Not 1 flag
Sadly the defenders would be able to pickup the flag which would not be good
1. H3, 2. H2, 3. ODST, 4. H5 tied with Reach
If you hold the trigger they stick. If you just spam it it won't stick
Yes
I think this should help. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=TyXvj-t2xks
Well I mean Barry could go back in time and kill one of Zoom's ancestors but that would be kinda dark...
I believe killzones override safe zones in h5s forge if I recall right
If your watching the cgi one I'd say endure it. Some of it is really awesome (mainly the stuff with the clone troopers is pretty awesome)
I found that TFA was shown to have the basic formula of a new hope but it how it got to each point was what set it apart
Chewy is really a badass though because in A New Hope he didn't receive a medal like everyone else but he never complained
Can she just not be related to anyone from previous movies? Thats what I hope
I believe they have an actual video disproving his sand bb8 thing with the robot they used for filming actually moving around
^
I like Halo more-so than COD because I find it to have more interesting level design and level art along with its objective gametypes being superb, it has forge which allows me to make alot of awesome stuff, and with forge, playing community maps is alot of the time more interesting to me than a lot of the dev maps
Not that I've seen. Also this could be used for other things anyway still an interesting gadget
Well ya but I thought they fired the Halo array to kill the flood and in the process killed themselves
I disagree with increasing the openness of maps as it will just get frustrating for people getting picked off, but adding more gametypes can't hurt
One way to do it is to weld it to another object after putting all the scripts on it
Hes also doing other changes in the process as well
Forgehub and Halocustoms are excellent sites for community creation and getting people together for lobbies. Those sites are the ones i use
Ya
Na I love Cisco's character and his acting.
I think it's because your thinking of Cisco as a character of the world itself while I would consider him to be kinda like Deadpool in the way that he breaks the 4th wall quite a bit. Hes a character that I consider to be there with you while also interacting with the world he's in. Take that as you will
I use HaloCustoms.com and Forgehub.com to check out community content so that's what I'd recommend
Having toggle crouch off also makes it easier
Have the ball rolling into a explosive barrel to make it explode and take the scripting from there
True pistols make all the BTB maps better
You have to friend the author of the map and then click their profile in the roster to download maps now. People post their maps on HaloCustoms, Forgehub, r/forge, r/forgeinitiative.
If your talking about slide boosting and fast falling, then yes, its a very welcome trick to most people
"This is Fucking bullshit!"
Because plot ;)
Honey badger
Well I can't argue with that
Winter because in Arizona its the only time of year where we practically aren't on fire
This is pretty cool
It's actually not my own map. At the Forgehub YouTube channel we feature maps that we consider best from the community to give the authors of the map credit for their work. The author of this map is xXandrith
Awesome man. How's the H5 default abilities version going?
Please no
r/forge, r/forgeinitiative, forgehub.com, HaloCustoms.com, forge.world.com
Agreed
Ya that was pretty cool
Maybe being ranked has something to do with it. I believe btb is a social playlist and that could be your issue.
2/10 did not blow up a covenant carrier
Self driving cars and drone delivery ( both as the norm)
It was actually the opposite. In Reach multiplayer maps were designed and created for multiplayer then when they were making the campaign they took those maps and just included them. It wasn't the other way around
Both of those were most likely designed for Invasion first. There's plenty of things in the design that makes that clear
Waiting for Sparrow Racing to come back to get on Destiny
Eat Taco Bell or Del Taco. I live in Arizona so we have much better Mexican food for the same price but somehow people will still go to Taco Bell
Outside of a pineapple
I've done it before. If he has the possibility to be assassinated by animation the same damage applies if no animation occurs
That's because it is
Lols
Aliens - Why's there so much weapons?, Wow this guy had a lot of porn!, This twerk dance must have been a ritual of some kind....
I actually disagree. Halo 4 was the worst campaign in the franchise. Halo 5s level design was excellent. The enemies were fun to fight (discluding some Prometheans). I'd put in on par with Reach or Halo 3s campaign. I do find the story a bit lackluster however ( not as much as H4's)
Speedforce
Back when i was in high school Penguin/Pengy. My freshman year I was 230 lbs and it was originally used as an insult. Then I lost 50 lbs while doing football and wrestling and then I just found the name funny and kinda embraced it I guess.
the aesthetic microtransactions people buy in games like weapon camos, and armor and stuff. At least to me that is..
Have a friend join in the game with you and have them place the spawn point
Because duel wielding has been removed from Halo for a reason. The weapon balance when duel wielding is in the game gets worked because they have to nerf the guns individually unless someone has two weapons, but then that gives you a bunch of weapons that end up just being useless. And in H5, the BR has far too much range and high aim assist for it to be the starting weapon, and as we can see in the BTB playlist, it just ruins everything.
There's a map a friend of mine is making which uses the saw, where he's making a map inspired by isolation, but isn't bad
Gaming culture
You are the first person I've ever heard of that has ever liked the Prometheans more than the Covenant... That's surprising even though I find the Prometheans lacking
I find that the lonely prepubescent virgin stereotype who bitch online is caused by vocal minority. Anyone can be a gamer if they enjoy games, and they shouldn't be stereotyped as so.
Well an example of a thing the mind does is that your eyes always see your nose but your mind ignores it,
As a man, Perverts are perverts to me. Gender doesn't make a difference
Nah that has logic.... That would be stupid
If Reddit wrote the script Felicity would slip on a banana peel and die in the first 5 seconds
Very good and well thought out argument. I personally agree especially with the storm rifle argument
I feel that CE had a lot of things I loved (weapon matrix, different melee for different weapons, plasma weapons stunning players movement, interesting map design) but I also recognize the issues with it (unresponsive jumping, somewhat slidy movement, auto pickup objectives, terrible vehicle gameplay, terrible btb maps, pistol needed to take an extra shot to kill since it dipped above the power curve..... Etc...) I feel that it wasn't a perfect game by any means but it was still awesome. H2 and H3 had fantastic vehicle gameplay and interesting vehicle counters. Each game of the original trilogy had things that made them awesome and its very difficult to consider one of them as the best.
"Halo 5 is greater than 3?" Lmao ;) (yes I know that was supposed to be a heart)
Damn your right. I was trying to be a smartass but failed.... :( (looked at it quickly while I was in class)
Common to average Halo player no.. Common to Halo fans on Reddit probably
If you can't explain why something is bad noone will take you serious. If you just say: acting equals bad noone is going to give a shit. But if you say acting = bad because (fill in the blank) people are more inclined to listen. Just keep that in mind
I believe it's good for you if I recall right
Destiny is a game that is designed to keep people playing, whether that be for getting special loot, or special public events, or raids, etc.. If the Destiny team did not continue to update the game people would lose interest since there isn't to much replayability in a lot of the content, which is somewhat by design. (Except for Sparrow Racing, when it was out I couldn't get enough of that shit)
The forge is like 10 times that of reach if that helps
Guillotine/headlong was originally designed for 1 flag ctf, so naturally the heatmap is mostly by red base.
That's because it wasn't really that amazing of an episode. It kinda happens with pilots because they have to establish the plot a bit.
Duck just called it 2.0 for when it gets in matchmaking. I think it's like 1.6 or something last time we played it in customs
Rather than making the back stronger because of BR starts it would be better to not have BR starts
Or we could argue that savage taking over the world is a side effect of RF traveling back in time killing Nora and making Barry become the flash quicker, and since so then Barry meets Oliver who's connection with Merlin has Merlin gather Vandal Savage's ashes, which could lead to Savage taking over the world at that time. Tldr; maybe the RF was from a timeline where Vandal Savage never conquered the planet
Those forge maps currently in btb were the first ever made in this forge. There are some absolutely gorgeous maps I have seen that look even better than the dev maps.
When people say bae
I think I was like 6 or 8
Lols
To be fair Nokyard has a completely reworked version of the map that they will be replacing for Deadlock at some point which is far superior
Alot of the maps currently for Doubles were designed for 4v4s. Alot of issues with ammo counts occurs because of this along with spawning etc... I believe they removed it to bring a more refined experience of doubles later on. (Hopefully with some forge maps designed for 2v2s)
Get Reqt
I'd recommend checking out speed- runners videos because they show some awesome ways to take short cuts through the missions
That plasma caster looks really sweet
Damn that is impressive
I think overgrowth would play much more interestingly with a plasma caster, splinters, and possibly a scattershot.
Shhh..... Halo is dad
They'd have to make Wally a really likeable character for that to happen. And seeing that he's kinda a dick right now I don't see it happening
I completely agree with you
Invite a friend to the game and have them place a spawn point
The point of the Spartan 4's is to show how inferior they are in military to that of Master Chief's group. That was done on purpose.
Breaks a leg. Run at enemies on hands..
I was referring to a focussed splinter meta involving the use of them in area denial and the hallways
Brutes, flood, playable Elites, Invasion, chopper, falcon, pro pipe, less Prometheans, I would love to visit the brute homeworld, .. Etc
Better than the Henry Allen Zoom theories at least
There's a difference between taking away something and not making it yet......
With how janky the sword is in this game I can't wait for infection where kids will be missing constantly
^
Learn to slide boost, and ring jump
Honestly, probably not much at all. The president normally doesn't make radical changes in order to optimize their approval rating ( people don't like change).
American here ^ agreed
This would probably encourage me to actually watch Arrow again
Pls no... Slide boosting is great
:(
Very true
I completely agree. It's such a shame that such a cool skill trick is removed
Possibly no. Maybe RF going back in time cause Vandal's success timeline to occur
Slide boost*
No it would make it 80 times better, where people couldn't just destroy you from across the map constantly, and people could actually use vehicle, without getting shredded instantly
Also not every map needs to have BRs on it
Is their a range comparison?
I rarely downvoted period. I kinda think it's really stupid in general. In my opinion their should only be an upvote and if people don't like something, thats too bad. Tldr; its not a disagree button but that's what people use it for, so it might as well not be there (if a topic isnt relevant or something there are other ways around it)
That's sounds awesome
Halo is dad
Aim assist on h2 BR is less I believe
I was joking. I find the design lackluster personally in that its just flat and open and boring to move on. Also it has a fatal design flaw for 2 flag (if it was for neutral flag it would play much better) but its not actually terrible
^
Cw app allows you to watch the latest episodes for free
No
Well Jay got his speed from a different origin so would that work on him as well?
No Slide boost!!! Why!!!! :(
They both have the same flaws but I would agree with that
WyvernZu has a fantastic Sandtrap remake
One shot... One opportunity.....
Moms spaghetti
Well since he's like Immortal you'd gave to go real far back to do that and killing him would make huge changes to the timeline ( they showed pictures of him by Hitler, etc..)
Flood had issues in that you couldn't customize many of the flood options (like their armor abilities, sprint, weapons etc..) and the default ones were terrible( flood had armor abilities, lunge had absolutely ridiculous range). Regular infection however allowed you to change all those things and the lunge wasn't ridiculous.
Then for the people who like BR starts they have a place for that
Someone please post a gif of Crocker chasing Steven Hawking screaming he did the math where 2 + 2 doesn't equal 5 but 6 in Fairly Odd'Parents
I think while its a cool idea, it covers too much of the screen
I see no issue in it. People can do whatever they want really. I would only consider it wierd if they were like 30+ but even then I really don't care too much about it
Is it gay to suck a nice dick?
Try opening a bunch of bronze first so you get all the crappy stuff out of the way first, then get silvers and you'll starts getting a bunch of better stuff
Isn't that only in the prequels though. I'm pretty sure since the Jedi were almost wiped out that Luke could just make up his own rules
Oh boy....
Shit. Um its in between 2 and 3 for me but Reach and ODST are close
Killing people
Pro tip. Don't waste your money
You're thinking of neutral flag. Where there is 1 flag that both teams try to take. Different gametype. 1 Flag CTF gives the defending team a flag that they have to defend and the attackers have to take that flag. In the original version the teams would swap roles each round for the total of 4 rounds.
Favorite: coliseum, or rig , Least favorite: Fathom (it's soooo boring. It's just a bridge in a box
1. Halo CE introduction to the flood 2. Halo 2 Giving the covenant back their bomb 3. Halo 2 Johnson riding 343 Guilty Spark to get to the platform where you fight Tartarus
Absolutely. It's a better designed weapon in every way.
You can find the authors and book mark them. Drillsite - PA1NTS, Black Friday - Commander Colson, The Crypt - WyvernZu, (map I forget the name of) - Home World Hero, Backwoods - Auxi Klutch and someone else
Yes
Main problem I see is that one of those people has to do Arrow
That would require it to be worse now than it was before. It's better now than before
I think Constantine would be much more similar Stannis than he would to Tommen
Dayuum
I can dig it
Getting hit by a nuke directly
There's a Minecraft server that does that. I forget what it's called but it's really amazing
Because America tends to have more of a focus on live action rather than animation in comparison to Japan. America's best animation tends to be more in movies rather than TV shows
December is the time where the business cycle is at an all time high and it's the holidays. I'd expect most people to be the most busy then than when it is the summer
Joffrey - a kid who is a sadist. High Sparrow - a man who manipulates people using religion as an excuse. To me personally I hate High Sparrow more because he is sane and he doesn't have much of an excuse
Hmm maybe look at other forum competition to see if their is an increase on their side of things. I honestly don't know a specific cause
Any time a family friend has a new baby or something. I just don't care and no I don't want to hold it
From my experience with pallets there's all sorts of different sizes, amount of nails, and amount of wood. I can't really give you a good average either
Everyone freaked out when Pikachu said "pika pika pika, pika Chu!" because we never settled on a rule for that.
Peta just got owned
Yes I have killed the boss on the area and we were both at Dragon Barracks. He hasn't killed the boss there though
Okay thanks
I stand corrected
"sorry"
I'm assuming he's cheap and he doesn't want to spend money on making them look nice
No one honestly.
Game of thrones breaks a lot of the tropes that everyone is used to so it's always surprising. The writing is superb, acting is fantastic, and the depth of the world allows for a lot to happen
This is the best theory I've seen so far
House: Arizona Sigil: The Phoenix Words: Hot as hell (it's 120 degrees Fahrenheit today)
Probably not. At this point it would make more sense for them to either tease Halo 6 or to talk about Halo Wars 2 or both
I think it definitely limits the possibilities for what they can do but I don't know if it will lower the quality or not.
Master Chief possibly
Pizza with burrito toppings is something I've had before and is delicious. Burrito with pizza toppings sounds like a cheap calzone
Definitely Zombies. Zombies most likely won't have projectile weapons. Aliens probably would if they would invade
Netflix
Leg
Milk.
Well what sounds worse "runs over an 8 year old child with car" or "runs over 55 year old man with car" ?
Hey at least i don't get aids. Sneezing it is
Villain. I get to live longer
Rabbit. No one said could bite through glass. Put in glass cage habitat.
I don't know anyone from Jamaica. Sucks for them
Prison
Same
Vomit
Trolls
Weed. If a cop happened to be nearby I'd much rather be caught with weed than with heroine.
Nails because they'll grow baeventually. Wrist could be permanently damaged
Water because squirtle
Free college. That was easy. I can handle beating the shit out of some bully
Billion.
I'd have to choose someone over 40 . I think I'll pass on this one
Firing squad is at least more exciting
I mean squidwards had to deal with for years so I thing I can handle it. Dick nose
Earth bender. I could build all sorts of awesome stuff. Everyone is thinking of fighting capabilities. I don't really plan on fighting anyone unless I have too
I'd say 20 hrs for 60 k unless the job was something that I'm very passionate about.
Since I live in Arizona, if the house was in Arizona I'd say large house. Since most times of the year the heat is too high to stay outside. If I was in another location that could change.
Reincarnation since I get to keep the memories. I technically get to be me forever. With the other option I could die and that's it
Telemarketing could potentially give more money per amount of time spent. Vaginas gives 15 an hour. I guess it depends the amount of hours it takes to get 65 $ for me to solve this question.
Deaf. I really prefer to see
I prefer to see more than to communicate verbally
Alright op, so basically it's "Would you rather be a pedophile or 'be a pedophile'? In other words it's whether someone would rather be seen as a pedophile or actually be one without anyone knowing.
Tell that to the police
There are plenty of forge maps I've seen with better art styles and level designs than developer maps. I doubt forgers would ever get the same graphical fidelity though.
With the question though it depends which drug has the least damaging effects to me.
I live in Arizona and it's generally a lower percent here. The highest percent of fat people is in Mississippi, West Virginia, and Arkansas. They are all around 30 to 35 percent while most states are around 20 percent.
That is also a good point
How is the tone of the movie? Like how humorous or serious is it?
Donde esta las game types
Falcon, large variety of game types at launch, brute shot, brute chopper, firebombs, reach grenade launcher, forge like halo 5 if not better, flood, brutes, removal of focus on Prometheans in campaign and instead on covenant and flood,..... and some new stuff
Totally agree. I hate the direction they brought the forerunners to
Mmmkay
Not before I script your mom
My recommendation is to get to irithyl and free the witch from her cell. She will teach you the black fire pyromancy stuff which is all really good
Most likely not too different
Lmao
No but I believe there's a thing where people in crucifixions would die from suffocating first because they couldn't pull their arms down to breath. (this would obviously be if their feet weren't touching the ground)
You'd probably choke to death first
Hmm idk then good luck trying
Apparently it will start getting really hard to do
No it wasn't necessary
Intelligence....
California
Wait the man can't call rape?
I couldn't tell you 3 women either
Burt Wonderstone. It was terrible
Cereal, cake, pie, glazed donut...
I don't think lock on existed in WW2 either
Dang...
Empty black space with a bunch of dense dust
"mom where the fuck is my chalupa!"
Free gas it is
The US isn't even in the top ten when It comes to percent of obese people. I believe people have already started to change and it's just taking a bit
Probably need big business to do things like add campaigns and other things before serious change
Comcast and EA are some of the ones I can think of
If it was a homeless woman who was attractive I'd take one for the team but idk otherwise
Enlarge
To me it was totally worth the money. It's best when you have friends to play it with though
I think it's more likely that they felt that they couldn't do dark and gritty and more unique things on the big screen because alot of kids watch them and it's a bigger risk, so they thought they would rather do it on Netflix where it gives them more freedom to do what they want
Dark souls has a lot more mystery and ambiguity while the Witcher is more straight forward
Praise the Sun
I wouldn't. Empty canvases allow for much more space and creativity for the forgers without having some obnoxious geometry in view or in the way.
Justice league Lex if I was choosing Lex
Well in dark souls a soul is an item which allows players to upgrade their stats of they have enough of them
Image of a negative meme. Prison would suck, and it also effects your life after it because now a felony is on record. Image of a negative meme just gives me more publicity and I can use it comedically
Damn they are both really funny. I'd do either honestly
That could be problematic. Tony is a sad/angry drunk and he's an alcoholic. That doesn't sound like a fun time to me. But hey free drinks right
Honestly I don't expect very much change. Presidential changes don't really make that much of a significant impact. They don't have as much power as people think they do. They are just a figurehead for people to blame for their problems
You win...... or lose I guess... damn that sucks
If you hear of it by word of mouth by multiple people
Halo 2. Learn to think for yourself. Don't just blindly believe in what others tell you. (Told through the Arbiter's storyline)
Does he have experience writing for games/movies? They are very different than books in writing
If they retconned it and halo 4 yes.
Oh cool, then I'm all for it
^ I have a bunch of change in a jar in my closet. I'm sure I could find all the pennies
Didn't think of that. Bring on the radiation truck
The main skill is say it takes is chaining together Spartan abilities and fighting the aiming system. Alot of the weapons could use tuning though
The shadow kinda confused me as well. It never really shows up again either.
It leaves her out of it. Say he's caught. They go and decide to cut off anyone's head who was associated with the conspiracy. She can claim that she had no clue.
I'd argue that Ramsey isn't pure evil but rather he's a psychopath. He's unable to show empathy for people at all
^
Isn't both of these options what it actually feels like
Both would be useful I'd probably prefer the everyone option though
To me I think that honestly students in high school should all have to go through a gun education course. There are plenty of things the average person needs to know about weapons and educating them on things, like keep the gun on range at all times or never aim it at someone even if it's unloaded are incredibly valuable lessons. I think there should be regulations for those with mental health problems getting guns though because they are the #1 cause of most mass shootings. I still see the gun as a tool and not an abomination. Same as a chainsaw can be used to cut down trees but can also be used to cut down people.
I've never played it but alot of people say Mass Effect 3
Sleeping
Firstly I don't have kittens. If I did, no
Extreme stunts. Like riding a water slide at full speed while hard while a woman's at the bottom ready to go
I don't think he's evil. I think you need to look at it from his perspective. For example - He can't feel empathy for people so he tortured Theon to brainwash him to help take down the GreyJoy forces. In his perspective that's just what he felt he needed to do. He doesn't understand what other people feel.
People are born every day. There will always be more. I kinda don't want the mass genocide to be on my conscience.
Git gud scrub
Since thrust puts your gun down that split second of taking your thumb off the stick doesn't matter too much.
But the question is or. If you chose one you would get the other.
He saw nothing when he died. He wouldn't say in the next life
I just get frustrated at the amount of people that are saying his character is not as good now.
Well no shit
Clearly he's just charging his laptop.
And no Prometheans. Thank you!
Wow this is really a lose lose situation. I'd say mouth because it would be pretty much like throwing up. Both really suck though
Paper cuts
The same reason they would stab each other. They want to kill the other person
I was joking
You'd be surprised. Most of these shooters while cowardly have serious mental health issues. I could see them getting whatever they could to kill people. Along with that black market guns are still very possible to get here. PS.. I personally do not care either way if guns were banned or not.
That would be awesome
I guess maybe Artistic Freedom would be the best reason. Whether we like it or not. Either that or rights issues to the music due to not having the original composers
Those look badass. Honestly most stuff Art style wise from Halo Wars 2 looks better than Halo 5
Man if we could use that on forge maps.... it would be awesome
She's most likely very nervous
Nah man there's a cooldown
I heard human meat tastes like chicken.....
I mean either or would be insanely boring for the viewers.
Can I choose the concert that I go to?
Learn social skills fast
What if it hits multiple people? Is there forced polygamy
Forgehub, Forge Labs, and ZannyVids YouTube channels show a bunch of really cool maps you can take a look at
Its a really interesting concept. It would juxtapose what everyone is used to of the brutes.
Its a really interesting concept. It would juxtapose what everyone is used to of the brutes.
What if it hits them directly at the exact same time?
Nah it was earth 3 Jay duh. I am still right. Mwahahahaha
Hopefully they cross over into Halo 6.
Play with friends so you can coordinate. That is like the number 1 thing that helps me
White features?
Dooms multiplayer problem is the classes and the demons. Overall the mechanics are pretty solid.
Sorry about that. In a different state for my grandfather's funeral. When I get back I'll be able to upload more
You might want to call a suicide hotline.....
Made up movie because it could just be quotes that I would normally say
Wrestling and football in high-school would have been really hard without legs and arms.......
Sansa
I live in Arizona so it is already always 110 so it can't be that different.... ;)
I believe 343 is working on a fix for that, but because infection is based of free for all you won't be able to use a 1 way blocker for it. I'd recommend creating a 1 way based off of elevation change. The player would drop and not be able to jump back up
I believe the point of Game of thrones is that there is no such thing as good and evil. Just people doing shitty things. A lot of Danaerys story makes her seem too "good" to people. Her story tends to feel like filler because it doesn't feel like it's been going anywhere and she's separated from everyone else. Everything about her seems "good" so they are wanting some more character depth from her. In this case making her seem like a "bad guy" would make her more interesting than if she kept doing what she's doing.
I'd describe him more as insane than evil. He's a sadist kid. He needed help not poison
Is the wall confirmed to be magic in the show? I don't think they ever mentioned it.
At least currently I think I just need to get home than kick the team back into shape. I will keep this in consideration though.
I personally like it more than Halo 4 and 5. It's no Halo 2 anniversary art style though.
Other pro tip ( for forgers)- If a box is too heavy to move reasonably, weld it to lighter objects and put it on normal physics.
Any helmet with a visor that doesn't make any sense. Half the helmets don't look like you can look through them.
Maybe freezing yourself makes you look younger... you never know till you try it
Just spawn a new one then click select all.
Same here
I'd say that I'd rather see into the future. Being able to predict things and change them would be fantastic. Unless it's the kinda future which is inevitable where things can't be changed. That wouldn't be as cool
Race Usain bolt. I'm assuming Ronnie Coleman must be a professional wrestler. I could probably get hurt. With racing Usain Bolt I'd lose miserably but I'm not in the hospital.
Nightmares of Anor Lando still haunt me
I completely agree. I just find it kinda funny
I believe most of the news stories show mental health issues being the main issue because the news focuses on the biggest tragedies such as mass shootings. Most individuals that do mass shootings tend to not be sane individuals. General gun murders in the country would be a whole different story though.
Oh I never played the DLC
Because everyone like to simplify things and bring them to extremes. A good example being the debate of whether humans are born good or evil, when the answer is neither.
GAMETYPES!!!!!!!! WHERE ARE YOU???!!!!
Batman is one of the most popular superheroes ever. They can get alot more people into the theater if people hear that Batman is in the movie
Iron Man and Captain America didn't have nearly the amount of name recognition that Batman did when the MCU started developing. The MCU made them popular. I believe they said that Iron Man was going to be in the new Spiderman movie though.
Arguably Tommen is the best king Westoros has had. He outlawed trial by combat (which is less entertaining for viewers) but great for a country's judicial system. He has the highest approval rating of any king. The commoners love him. The only issue is no separation of church and state. Joffrey had a musician's tongue cut out because he liked it. His lack of diplomacy led to an invasion of the King's Landing. Under his rule there was a war between 5 different armies on his lands. Joffrey was much more entertaining but he certainly wasn't a better king. Tommen may have the issue of prosecuting gays but at least people aren't killing eachother
Sam and Arvo. Pure evil.
If they are making that happen, More than likely they discovered that killing Jimmy Olsen was a stupid idea and wanted to retcon it secretly
As someone who's had to deal with programming before. There will always be a need for programmers.
Banning guns in the US will stop mass killing sprees
r/outside and r/wouldyourather are my favorites
Ya. I was playing devil's advocate. I don't buy it either
The extremists doing these crimes don't represent the entire group of Islam. Same as how the Westboro Baptist Church doesn't represent all of Christians.
Hopefully she doesn't and we actually see her lose for once.
Jaws
There are also green screens where the background is blue as well. I believe it's because they wanted a color that stands out and isn't too natural as the background. The green if a green screen is almost always very neon and bright.
^
Are you sure you want to do that? Remember with a console switch you have a whole new set of exclusives you can get and ones you left behind. If halo 5 is the only game you plan on getting the Xbox One for I wouldn't recommend it. Especially if you end up not liking Halo 5, which is very different than previous Halo's. If I were you I'd make sure to do alot of research before deciding if it's worth it to get an Xbox one, and if there are other games you may also like that the Xbox One can use.
Supply and demand ;)
You misspelled Basin. But in all seriousness Optic Prison is one of my favorite 2v2 maps. I'm assuming you just had a bad game on it.
It's very fast paced and requires players to cycle and control multiple points to succeed. Along with this it allows for players to rush and pick up different power up combos to use in unique ways with the Hydra and other weapons they have on the map
Everyone said that when the recon dmr was on the new map. I wouldn't be surprised if we just get that warthog
Either Hunger Games or Zombies. It really depends on what type of Zombies I would have to deal with
If I can move around and mess with stuff, time stop would be awesome.
Yes they have. Spanker rockets, CE Magnum, brute plasma rifle, and H2 BR are a few examples
Yes
Subjective. There are just many opinions that alot of people share.
The souls series has always been an existential crisis in my eyes. Basically we will never know what is after death; so should we choose to find out (die) or keep living life as you know it? (Letting the fire burn out and bringing in an age of dark or keep kindling it). More specifically existentialists believe that there is no purpose for life other than what we want it to be. I believe the point of that phrase would be more about the player doing what they want to do and seeking "true purpose" is what people have been doing for so long when we shouldn't be. I believe that Carpe Diem (live life to the fullest) would be the message here. PS.... I am not a Dark Souls lore expert so I'm sure there I've made some mistakes or am totally wrong.
Technically he was definitely dead...
Genius
Game of thrones
Well obviously she needs help with the crossword puzzle.... I'll just help her with that.
http://www.forgehub.com/threads/an-open-letter-from-forgehub-regarding-the-2v2-contest.152262/
http://www.forgehub.com/threads/an-open-letter-from-forgehub-regarding-the-2v2-contest.152262/
I ship it
I feel the point of that is that he was lucky. That happens many times in war.
Something is telling me that Davos will stop that from happening
Tell that to Rickon and Wun Wun, and all of the soldiers who died
It's 120 degrees outside and my truck has no AC so no
Disagree amount Optic Prison. It's probably one of the best of the 2v2s. Also I think it should be forge maps only. Other than that I agree
*Gruntfall
I like the syllables but just saying Ungoy feels really awkward to say
:( I thought we'd be able to drive it
:(
2 feet taller. being 8 feet tall would be crazy
Thomas Edison
He's definitely a true believer. We just see the both the negative and positive and negative effects if being a "true believer" leads to when they have power.
This comment gave me cancer
Lols
Knives. Imagine being in a close quarters situation with the chainsaw gun. That would bounce off walls and mess you up.
Bear. Assuming both are going to attack me no matter what. On land I could get some rocks or sticks or something. Underwater I'm totally screwed. Can't throw things at the shark, water will make them slower. The open water doesn't have alot of options. At least land does
Baboon. I could throw it against trees and stuff since it's much lighter. The chimpanzee would fuck my shit up
If I can't change the outcome than I really don't care. I guess time just to see how long I have. That would really suck
Jumps in front of car. Gets paralyzed and in a coma til they pull the plug
Depends on the situation. Ex. Turns out one of my loved ones is actually evil and wants to kill 100 million people..
Never lie
Chimpanzees
The Boy in Striped Pajamas
Probably nothing much different than previous presidents. The president doesn't have nearly as much power as people think they do.
Short hair on women
I play Halo now because forge. That's about it.
Sadly I don't think there is a way to make king of the hill in Halo 5. This is Warpath. One territory physically moves around the map. You capture it the same as you would capture strongholds. You don't have to stay in the zone to gain points.
I think I'd do the bread one. I'd have breadkinesis. Also I think I'd feel too bad to cook the eggs when I make breakfast.
How does someone have magnetic pull on specifically bread items only?....
Flight
You win this round
Damn that was really impressive
The battle was further down the hill
I'd describe it more as lust than as love
It is very likely that GRRM layed out every major plot point for D&amp;D. I assume the new books will be very similar.
Kittens because him being president actually won't make much of a difference
I choose life
Option 1 totally wrecks option 2. Totally option 1
I'm agnostic but I lean towards the atheist side of the spectrum. Honestly I see it more as relief than a gap
