Yeah IL2-CLOD with the Team Fusion mods is still kicking. It's hyper realistic.
If I'm understanding how this works, you can use AutoHotKey to do things like this. It's a powerful program for creating scripts to automate things like inputting text, hitting key strokes in sequence with time delays, run programs, etc. that can be bound to any key or key combo. It runs independently of the game on your PC in the background so there should be no EULA issues... it just automates what you would normally do manually. I use it in hyper-realistic games like IL-2: CLOD with the Team Fusion patches to automate tedious complex things like getting ready for take-off. I don't use it in WT but would if manual engine management was worth the trouble to me. Anyway, you should, for example, be able to make a script that runs from a key bind not used by the game, reads data from http://localhost:8111/, copies it into your clipboard, types T, inputs your message, CTRL-V to past in the data and hit ENTER to execute these key commands for you. If reading the http://localhost:8111/ data isn't possible, you could wing it by just assigning something simple that can be done with one hand to output text such as SHIFT-1 = "I need halp! (1,000m alt)", SHIFT-2 = "I need halp! (2,000m alt)", and so on. Hope this helps!
My guess is that their "rules" are just casting a wide net to minimize exploits that they cannot foresee and they'll always say that it's a cheat for things they don't understand. AFAIK, there's no way for the game to detect if you're using an external scripting program as it's not altering the game files anyway. I'd also venture to guess that them scanning your PC for things outside their game without your knowledge and permission would open them up to all sorts of legal problems as well. Maybe someone specifically looking for it might detect a pattern in your chat but that's ridiculously unlikely. Also, automating things like manual engine control would be undetectable on the surface unless, once again, you gave them a match playback file and they were looking for it or you outright told them you were doing it. Promoting it would be the biggest give away so technically the only mistake that J6 made was to post it in their forums in plain sight of their KGB... lol. Ultimately, they can't 'legally' dictate what you can use on your PC outside of their game although it is their game so they can ban who they like for an unlimited number of stupid reasons under their EULA. That's why it's worded the way it is... it's just lazy exploit enforcement. Anyway, I'd say it would be perfectly safe to use scripting programs. Just don't be obvious about it. I personally don't use scripting in WT because there isn't much benefit to it so I'm not really stressing over this. The game is pretty streamlined so it's not like IL-2: CLOD Team Fusion where you have to manipulate a dozen controls just to take off. I'll even admit that their in-game communication system is pretty slick in how it allows players who speak multiple languages to communicate with each other. In the case of J6's script, do people really need you to tell them your alt? You can basically see if teammates are above or below you all the way across the map. So knowing Gaijin's iron fist way of dealing with things, any potential benefits are just not worth the risk IMHO. In the end, you can post game feature requests for stuff like this and who knows... maybe they'll be implemented into the game if the idea is popular enough. I know I'd personally like to see the comm messages expanded so maybe he could try that approach instead. It would also be less work if it's in-game rather than messing with scripting programs anyway.
I do see where you're going with this. It would be easy for instance to create a script that enables manual engine control, close your rads, adjust your prop pitch, max your throttle, etc. so all you have to do is push a button to achieve maximum escape speed. I suppose you could even create a script that with some experimentation makes your plane perform a complex maneuver at its maximum abilities when someone gets on your six. I personally don't see an issue with this though as it's too much work for too little benefit over simply doing it yourself and you'd be constantly trying to hit a moving target with the way Gaijin changes FM's more often than a teenage girl changes clothes. It also still requires that you know how to fly. You do it or a script does it... what's the difference... you still have to know what to do. My issue with this is that Gaijin doesn't have the right to tell you what you can use on your PC while playing their game. What's next, you can't keep plane stats open in Word? You can't listen to music outside their channels? You can't watch YouTube vids of cats while climbing because you're bored? All these things are 3rd party programs that alter the individual's game experience and technically against their EULA. Sorry but fuck that.
I can see how it would be useful and definitely the least minor offense against their "no automation" rules. In the same light, it's only a (admittedly annoying) minor inconvenience to just create some shorthand lingo to relay alt in chat. I also see the point about it being easier for them to ban it all rather than deal with some subjective sliding scale on what can be scripted... hence opening this whole can of worms... and maybe J6 being a bit too butthurt over it. ;) I do have to go back to my original opinion though that Gaijin doesn't have the right to say what programs you can use on your PC (and probably can't detect them anyway) while playing their game as long as it doesn't alter the game itself. They might not like it but tough shit. Scripts won't give you that much of an advantage in this game anyway (or an advantage that others couldn't use) as flying is way too complex and dynamic. It's just not 2 dimensional with a fixed number of possible movements like WoW. All scripting can really do is reduce tedious tasks and improve efficiency a little bit. Outside of that, you have to know how to fly and tell the plane what to do.
Gains and costs of stuff in this game has gone through heavier inflation than the Russian Ruble. RP was easily 2x-4x more, premium plane/account costs 2x less and there's more "things" that cost money than a year ago. However, I dealt with it by just changing my attitude. I generally fly a few planes I like and new ones unlock naturally without going through and spading each one like it's a full time job. I don't get impatient with the grind flying some plane I don't like while constantly feeling like the grass is always greener with a new plane when it usually just ends up in disappointment. You think, "Maybe that premium will up my KDR?" but it usually won't. I learned that a talisman is a much better bang for your buck than premium planes. Sticking with my favorite planes made me a better killer because I took the time to master them instead of whoring planes up the trees. Now I just go back and try the ones that look interesting. And so on. I went from being one of Gaijin's best customers to being the absolute worst because I don't spend a dime on it now. I watch Twitch TV on Sundays and have won a few thousand GE's there, I bought a great graphics card that came with 10,000 GE's, etc. and only spend them when stuff goes on sale so I can for instance talisman two planes for the normal price of one. I play RB/SB so I only need to upgrade one crew per nation. I avoid the money traps like converting gold into crew experience or buying decals that you can unlock anyway. This game can be fun if you just let go of a bunch of frustrating shit. For instance, jet vs prop matchups used to piss me off so I just avoid them now. There's plenty of other fun WW2 planes to fly in the 3.0-5.0'ish BR range. So yeah, I like to grab a beer and just fly some WW2 planes now. If I wanted to worry about grind and money I'd just stay at work. ;)
"Part IV - Your Left Wing!"
Yup, I agreed that prices and grind have increased. I just added that I found ways to make the game fun and cheap since then so it doesn't matter to me so much anymore.
German words are long and say a lot. This says, "Will only destroy pillboxes and tanks with a direct hit... and then it still may not destroy them."
I'm starting to sound like a broken record answering this same question over and over but the long and short of it is to fly planes you like, stay away from situations that piss you off, don't stress over the grind and learn the cheap/free ways for getting stuff. Check my posts for more details if interested. This game can be fun if you just avoid and let a lot of shit go.
Do you have any pics of what vehicle/mod RP costs were a year ago? Maybe that's where the increase happened.
Interesting. Although I think the main point here is that RP gains hit a wall at around 2,000 RP where it doesn't increase at the same rate as it did before a certain number of kills. So 3 kills might get you 1,800 RP but 6 kills won't get you 3,600 RP... so this would have to be confirmed in the that context.
Agreed. So with this in mind, has the RP gain become less linear since last year? Looking at these numbers (and knowing Gaijin for their ninja fixes) this might have been a quick fix to align RP gain rates with the lowered RP costs.
^ This. Tier IV Japan prop vs jet matchups and crazy repair costs were frustrated me to no end... so I just stopped doing it and flying a Hayabusa or Zero in Tier III is crazy fun.
I'd agree with this it weren't for the Yak-3P. That post war plane is ridiculously under-tiered.
I wonder what would happen if you ran local host as a Google site translate page.
The Brit Hellcat seems ok to me as far as control goes. It's my favorite fighter/bomber. It should be faster though.
We've been practicing for over a year. Can we attack already?
Or spade yer Spit in Tier III matches. It's usually a game of spank the yank.
Hah! Post if it works. That would be pretty awesome.
We've been talking about the F6F.
I just wasn't following you. Half the stuff you typed looked like words you made up man... lol.
I'll upvote that. ;)
"Hope is a mistake. If you can't fix what's broken, you will go insane." -Mad Max
Nice! Thanks for the update. How cool is that?
In all chat try asking, "Which one of you little cupcakes wants to putter into the kitchen and make my dinner?". That usually gets a response.
International tree?
Just in case anyone missed the update buried in this thread, Gaijin gave this the green light. - http://forum.warthunder.com/index.php?/topic/244539-cover-me/
I feel like there's a big hole in effective fighters for RB Tier II-III Brits. Sure they fly well but the newer seaplanes and two-seaters are too slow and the 7.7 paint scratchers just aren't hacking it against enemy armor and cannons. It's not a problem against USA on Hokkaido but the British turn-fighters have a hard time against Germany, Japan and Russia around the 4.0 BR range where the enemy have some exceptional planes. Some do like the Mk IX but it was only intended as a stop gap plane IRL and it's interesting to see how it's performance translates that way in the game as well. The Hurricanes can do well but aren't really suited to take multiple enemy on their own without turn-fighters to distract the enemy while they bnz. I wish they'd knock 2 cannons off the Mk Vc to make it a bit faster/nimbler and it'd be a like a Brit Hayabusa. Outside of that, the only glaring matchup issue I can think of is they need to change the Yak-3p's BR to 5.0-ish. to balance out Russia's win rate in Tier III.
What's with the downvotes? This is pretty accurate as far as the win/loss I've seen with Tier III Brits.
Not exactly, that's just trading down 2x cannons for 4x 7.7's. And the Vb Trop is oddly slower. It's not really what I was getting at anyway. Drop 2 cannons off the Vc and you have a lighter, faster and more nimble Tier III Spit with a punch. It's not just some crazy idea of mine either. The Russians got some Spits as part of the Lend-Lease program and the first thing they did was pull the 7.7's because they weren't worth the added weight. They called them paint scratchers... lol.
Just my two cents but if RB bombers wouldn't fly straight into a higher alt enemy like lemmings they might get a different result. I've certainly been guilty of flying bombers on constant suicide runs where I'd just rush in, hit my targets, die and repeat. Then I learned that the very definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over while expecting a different result... so I started thinking about trying different things and how to survive longer to do more damage. I fly Japan a lot so I'll pick on the allies for some examples... For instance, flying Saipan as allies, you can hit your targets on A and gtfo of there before enemy fighters come in, loiter back over ship cover until the ground forces take it over and the enemy numbers have been reduced by our fighters to go back and re-arm for another attack. Or skirt the right side of the map to take out the enemy tank column on B while the furball is on A at the start. Allies in New Guinea, try heading west along the map edge and turn in to attack the carriers after passing the enemy island airfield on your left. And take the time to bomb the carriers properly parallel to the deck and not perpendicular to the ship where it's harder to hit them. You'll usually have time and little to no opposition to do this. Then gtfo of there and egress back the way you came. You might even catch an enemy on the airfield on the way back. Japan knows allies always climb to the South or go straight in low for the landing craft and they have alt and performance advantages so why keep flying right into them? If 3 bombers just go west and do their job right it can be game over for Japan. Sometimes all you need to do is loiter and climb a bit at your spawn and let the fighters clear the skies before heading in... particularly on some German and Russian maps when flying as allies. Let your teammates know this is your plan and they'll enjoy having a mission with a purpose. It helps them to get their game face on. This is more effective than asking for escorts IMHO as it's hard to protect bombers, it keeps fighters from getting the kills they want and the fighters not escorting can get overwhelmed by the enemy's numbers because escort fighters are leaving their teammates short-handed. It's also amazing how many multi-role fighter/bomber pilots never carry bombs on maps where they can make a big difference. As Brits on Hokkaido, a fully loaded Hellcat can single-handedly slow or stop the ground war by bombing/strafing the vehicle columns on the left and also flying in a fighter role to take out enemy bombers which are usually operating in the same area. While it's guns can't take out the tanks, I've noticed that taking out the AAA/trucks makes our ground assets less distracted by them and they focus more on killing the tanks for better effect. And hey, it's kills and points for you. It doesn't take long to help with the ground war and you can then make yourself useful by attacking fighters. Anyway, I'm just saying use predictability to your advantage, keep adding different strategies to your bag of tricks and it can increase your kill and win rates. It's more interesting and less frustrating than hitting a few GT's and then giving the enemy a kill anyway.
I fly the Ki-43-III a lot and will admit I sometimes get Hayabusa guilt from doing so well with it. However, that plane really was that good and it's actually under-performing with the over-heat nerf and flaming like a Zero even though it had rudimentary rubber coated self sealing tanks. The Oscar shot down more allied planes than any other Japanese plane in WW2. I've submitted several bug reports for and against several characteristics with its FM and when I dug into its historical specs... yeah it pretty much turned, rolled and climbed like a dream. So fighting it 1v1 is a nightmare and 2 or more planes need to work together to take away its options. It was more rugged than a Zero but not as fast as the Japanese interceptors so I do agree however that it's top critical speed is a little too high which is how it's able to keep up with faster planes in a dive and can often reach that higher energy state because of its climb rate. Good Oscar pilots know to climb instead of chase and then dive on you when you come back around. (It's not real life where a pilot can run home. WT is more like a cage match where 2 pilots enter and 1 pilot leaves.) I also think they do a little too well at high alt. Barring those two things, I really think the issue is that the P-51 (several US planes actually) need some buffs IMHO.
I've seen it in some war movies/shows like Blackhawk Down and Generation Kill. It's not the weight... it's the heat from the just fired round which usually goes down the soldier's collar and he's like "Ow! Ow! Ow!"... lol.
The Ki-43-III over-heat issues are much worse than most planes even though previous variants didn't have this issue and it was designed to operate in a tropical climate. It's just a blatant dev nerf. I filed a bug report about this but it was rejected as I couldn't find any supporting evidence because since Oscars weren't known for having this issue so it simply wasn't noted... a catch 22. (Also, good luck finding docs for a prototype plane they only made 2 of.) It also doesn't make sense in terms of game balance when a Corsair can WEP infinitely in the same climate. I definitely agree that the whole WEP system needs to be revamped as well. It wasn't on tap like we have it and should only be used in emergencies for a limited amount of time or uses (depending on the system used) as some types could ruin the engine IRL. Pilots probably went from feeling relief for it saving their lives to grief for the hell they'd catch from their mechanics when they got back... lol. And yeah, only a few Ki-43-III prototypes were made but this can be said for a number of planes in its BR range. I think the Yak-3P is more of a scourge to Tier III than the Hayabusa which was a post WW2 plane that never fought anything in its BR range IRL. It also retains energy in a climb better than the Oscar. Finally, the Oscar doesn't fit everyone's flying style so it's not over-used by any means. The cannons are great but it takes a lot discipline to use it's few hundred rounds well unlike spraying and praying with several thousand MG rounds. For whatever their reasons, I see my teammates favoring Zero's and interceptors more than the Ki-43-III. As for me? I'm that murdering bastard that you hate although now I'm on a kick to find allied planes that can consistently defeat it. As far as the P-51 goes, it's heavily documented so it's a pretty easy matter of filing a bug report in the FM section of the WT moderated forums with proof that it's not flying to spec. It's a pain with all the hoops you have to jump through now but worth it in the end. You could also take a crack at lowering the Hayabusa's top critical speed back to 625 kph from the current 650 kph which should put it where it needs to be. I gave up posting bugs shortly after the last major patch because they ninja fixed so many things without reporting them that the Oscar's FM was changing more than a teenage girl changing clothes. Things have settled down a bit since then though so it's probably a good time to start thinking about posting FM bugs again.
Cool. I just figured it couldn't after trying to hit one from the side or front once. With ease? I know they can take out light pillboxes but there's a ridiculously small hit box. Looking forward to trying it though. Thanks.
BFG.
Seen what? A military exercise in Hokkaido? Throw us a bone here OP.
The max crit speed changed again since I last checked it then. Then again, I noticed they laxed out the rip speed on several other planes as well. It seems that whenever they make broad FM changes (even sometimes just to try something unrelated to speed) the Ki-43-III FM often changes drastically. It changed at least a half dozen times in the month after the last big update. I recall one instance not too long ago where the controls would totally freeze at 450 kph. But yeah, like I said before, it's diving a bit too fast. Then again, other planes can dive faster with a more forgiving break apart speed now as well. Also, many planes seem to fly a bit faster than their historical specs in game so it's probably a balance thing. Anyway, I guess this is what happens when they focus on releasing more planes instead of refining the FM's. Lots of bugs slip under their radar with so many planes to test. All you can do is keep posting bug reports in the FM section of their moderated forums.
When driving my car, I mentally pull lead on cars in front of me when we're in a curve. It's pure instinct now.
Even the name is f'd up. It sounds like a medical name for some mysterious part of the vagina.
What no mustang luv? That plane is a secksy bitch.
You can PM someone using the in-game chat. Just type "/" plus first three letters of their name and then the message. So "snozberry" would be "/sno &lt;message&gt;". Apparently we've been able to do this forever. No one knows it though and it's been hard to resist using it to scare people into thinking I'm a mod to stop them from being annoying.
Flair your post so it can be upvoted btw.
Don't hold back Russia. What do you really think? I mean I don't get you sometimes. You're so hard to read.
The tane tictates the tumber of tiny tim tockets tou tan tire.
I have no thoughts on the P/F-80 other than wanting to grind to the next jet up the tree.
Is that font in google translate 'cuz I could barely read that shit. Cool 'toons otherwise. ;)
Nice work. Always like dedicated detailed info posted in this sub.
Shoot the gas!
Do you have any natural resources that make it worth for me to invade you?
I swear to gawd I will pistol whip the next guy that says shenanigans.
My Ki-43-III 3:1 RB KDR disagrees with you sir.
Other than taking away target tracking, RB and SB FM's don't feel any different to me. Head tracking is the only game changer that I can think of with playing find the dot in SB.
Not so much hung up as maybe I'm just old school playing flight sims for so long. Flying without a stick is a downright odd idea to me.
It's weird for me to even think of it that way as I've never flown air sims without a stick.
I honestly never noticed a problem with aiming outside of some sloppy dead zones in the center of some sticks but I typically hold for good deflection shots and avoid straight head-ons or gaijinium reinforced tail shots anyway where this isn't an issue.
But aiming is only a part of the game. Maneuvering to pull lead is another story. Still... I don't have problems aiming and hitting with a stick.
I'm all for finding advantages but don't seem to be doing any worse than mouse jockeys with a stick in 1st person. I'm actually surprised to find that I'm in the minority.
It depends. It makes me wonder how much more control I might have with a stick over a mouse.
I didn't even know it was possible to fly stick with the instructor. I don't recall seeing it in the setup or game options anyway.
It's hard for me to agree with that statement when my kill and win rates are on par or better than what seems to be mostly mouse users.
Once again, I never noticed anything odd that couldn't be attributed to an inexperienced pilot or unspaded plane. Planes generally feel like they have the same advantages and disadvantages across the board based on their FM more than anything else.
I guess maybe it's a kudos for the Gaijin programmers by creating a similar experience using different inputs. It's a good way to bring in casual gamers. Using a stick and rudders can cost more money and be frustrating for new users to learn how to use well.
I honestly can't argue for or against that unless I've tried both. As it stands, I've never noticed being at any kind of a disadvantage and have consistently been a top 100/month kill rate player which should say something. It might even imply that stick flyers have more of an advantage although I'm not entirely sure how. I can see how a mouse might be good for fine aiming but a stick might be better at getting you in position for a shot.
It would explain why I never noticed a difference between flying RB and SB with a stick.
No, that very well could be the case.
Tere's ta tiny tim tuck tin ty teeth.
You could give it to me. I'm wearing mine out. ;)
It's summer so pasty faced pilots climb out of their hole and go outside. Don't worry, they'll get bored of nature and miss shooting at airplanes so they'll come back soon enough.
The 3.0-5.0'ish BR Spits fly great but the 7.7's just aren't hacking it. Their armaments are based on history so the only Brit turn-fighters with a real punch are the Mk Vc and the Mk XVI (which are incidentally what I fly) as who has time to scratch the paint on armored planes and bombers with 7.7's when cannons (with sufficient ammo) are a quick kill and onto the next target.
I have lots of fav planes but atm I'm only in serious committed relationships with the Ki-43-III and Spitfire Mk XVI. I just like oddball multi-role turn-fighters that pack a punch.
He was replying to aikl's comment above (probably as a joke) and not the OP. Not sure what the down-vote circle jerk against people saying they don't want to Gaijin their money is about anyway. It's their choice and understandable IMHO.
OP's talking about buying a premium... so yeah... talking about spending money on the game (or not) is relevant.
If you're gonna try to create your own arbitrary rules and always think they're right... yer gonna have a bad time on the internet.
It is... and only part of the reason why I just can't do 7.7's.
I think several US planes need speed and/or energy retention buffs where that advantage would be more noticeable and therefore utilized more/better. The allies don't have their other real life advantages like superior numbers, longer range, better radar technology, etc. in our simplified level playing field cage match system so they have to be given something good that they're known for. People had high hopes that the BR revamp would help to balance the matchups out but we still have things like WEP on tap allowing Japanese turn-fighters to keep up with US bnz'ers too easily. I mean what can US planes do but run for 5km+ (which effectively takes them out of the fight) until they can create a large enough gap and have enough alt/energy to do their thing? US pilots also have too little room for error with the current FM balance. Dive a little too low and turn a little bit too much to get guns on a twisting turn-fighter and a P-51 can quickly get itself into trouble. Anyway, I don't think it's because they don't know how to bnz. I think they just have a bomber mentality where it's easier to just dive in to try and get a kill or two before being shot down.
Controversial!
Throw the USA a bone, man.
Yup, leading edge slats. Apparently the automatic version would make a loud bang when they deployed and scare the hell out of new pilots flying the plane to its limits for the first time.
Some useful common words when flying Japan include honorabru, emporu and Tennoheika Banzai!!!
+1 for reduce throttle, apply rudder counter to the spin direction, nose down and turn ailerons in direction of the spin once they have some lift. Results will vary by additionally extending flaps, lowering gear and firing guns but those are desperate cheesy methods.
The main reason why I prefer RB over SB is because I hate playing find the dot. However, you know when your view of enemy dots is extended from 6km out to 8km when they've been tagged by another friendly? I think Gaijin is experimenting with expanding that to include seeing enemy dots even farther when they're in sight of your airfield AAA. Outside of that, we need some kind of radar or expanded automated radio reports (not just when they attack ground/sea friendlies but also when they spot an enemy) to make SB more fun.
Brits usually win in Tier III but not so much in Tier II and IV... so like others have said... you have to switch things up if you want to win it as USA or avoid it altogether. You can't really blame US pilots either as the mid-tier Brit planes simply have a better mix of speed and turning for a cage match IMHO. Brits also tend to get more fighters and fighter/bombers on the average while USA gets more purely bombers with a very small area to bomb so they're little better than cannon fodder. As an FYI, if you have a few GE's laying around, grab a US premium Ki-61 and you'll rack up a lot of kills on that map. (Even win it single-handedly.) It can out-run anything that can out-turn it and out-turn anything that can out-run it and its high fire rate 4x .50's with advanced ammo selection are exceptional for its low BR. It's either that or grind through to Tier IV and shred Griffons with Bearcats. Anyway, I don't think it's so much the map as it is the Brit vs Yank matchup. Win or lose, it's just as frustrating for Brits who'd much rather be fighting krauts. (At least I would.) Otherwise, it's technically a good tight map that has a nice combo of air and ground battles with lots of ways to rack up RP. But given the choice, with the current blue on blue matchup, I'd probably be happy to see it just go away as well.
Yeah ppl spend hundreds of moolahs and hours on this game.
It depends.
Decal size limits and charging for flags sure sucked a lot of fun out of personalization. I wish they'd just offer different color rectangles.
Of course no Yak-3P BR uptick to 5's in RB where it should be.
I fucking called this. Last Steam sale they raised prices 35% or more before putting them on sale for 25% or less.
^ This. I paid less than half of what these packs go for now (which also came with more planes, premium account time and/or GE's) just over a year ago. I went from being their best kind of customer to their worst one as I don't spend a dime on this game anymore. I don't need to anyway as I've used premium planes won in events or bought premium/talismans with GE wagers and used them to unlock entire nation fighter trees through Tier IV in a few weeks.
Haha ditto... I even bugged Damon Slye when he tried (and failed) to Kickstart a newer version of RB3D. If some dev would just make a game with a bunch of good WW2 planes separated by year instead of BR and offered some historical maps/battles with WT's ease of play then I'd be all over it. I'd also gladly pay good money for new well put together plane packs instead of slapping on some paint and copy-pasta a tweaked FM for new premium planes like WT does. IDK, maybe the IL2 folks will get a clue but WT has me biased against rusky devs... *sigh*.
Price elasticity? Like with flags now costing 500 GE's each? Hahaha... whatever you say. It's perfectly fair to compare the last Steam sale to this one. It's just another example that shows how their priorities have changed to cash grabs... but everyone already knows that.
They needed to work on the team kill system which they have been finally doing... yet flags are still 500 GE's. People mainly care about the flag thing because it was a great way to personalize planes so Gaijin's lazy fix and obvious cash grab was typical. As far as the price rise thing... yes, they did do it and they did the exact same thing last year. I said they would do it the second someone posted about the Steam sale coming here... and sure enough they did it... haha. You're certainly entitled to your opinion but it's not a popular one mate.
The ki-43-III is one of the very best planes in the entire game.
You mean chem-trails!
Fukin' amateur hour.
These guys are annoying but their 'who cares no one gives a shit about this little game anyway' schtick gave me a chuckle.
Yeah I'm not going to them for any real legal advice.... lol.
Hahaha nice! We needed a good laff around here.
Relevant - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtCOScRuaXk
^ This and just fix the little things that players have been complaining about over and over for months. Like if they changed it so planes didn't disappear when they "J" out on the runway to play peek-a-boo... people would probably hail the devs as gods.
Looks and sounds great but I could only see one class with blasters (no pilots, medics, snipers, etc.) and no one was strafing, rolling or bunny hopping. Also disappointed with the cap of 40 players when it used to be what, 300? I guess all I really want is the original BattleFront with some new paint as that had amazing game-play, balance and variety.
You can't just throw that stuff away!
Need an RB and SB one. Also, alphabetize that shit.
Just once I'd like to spawn my fighter with the bombers.
+1 GGG - "Good Guy Gaijin"
EDIT: My reply became long enough where I felt it was time to address the constant American pilot bashing here with its own post. - http://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/3a84s4/why_i_think_its_time_to_stop_bashing_american/
The US Pacific pilot is badass. Sleeves all rolled up, unbuttoned shirt, worker boots and gloves. You can tell he's a baller.
Gawd I wish Spit 7.7's did more than just scratch the paint.
Thanks! You kind of have to think about WT like a miniature war board game where "America" would definitely be viewed as a shitty faction stats-wise.
I agree in the sense that I think it takes more experience and discipline to do well with a team of pure bnz'er as opposed to flying turn-fighters and the US probably does draw in many new players due to their popularity. Being inexperienced, they really have no idea what they're up against in the game and why the planes don't do as well as their reputations however. So I wouldn't call them "retarded". It's just a noob trap.
Yeah I didn't even get into the broken US plane FM's. The post was already getting too long and those things change a lot.
I was speaking mainly from flying low to mid-tier US planes which is where we usually see the American bashing posts come from. Things definitely change for the US in Tier IV and they get the wins to show for it.
I kind of agree with you... and even upvoted you... but I'm just taking the other side of the circle-jerk for a change. And I'm not just calling BS... I've been trying to understand why it's happening and discovered it's not as simple as noob pilots.
I wrote this in the perspective of who the US fights, everyone was stated in the right context and if you read it again you'll see that no term was used interchangeably. As the other poster already explained, Allied means US/UK/Russia, Axis means Germany/Japan, Rusky means Russia, etc. Also, based on sheer number of guns and rounds... the Brits primary used 7.7's and while 120 cannon rounds may have been sufficient for them IRL... it isn't in the game compared to enemy armament.
It's a total crap shoot with match-making. Sometimes you face the Axis or Russia with or without Brits. My main point was that too many players were boasting how the Yanks can't win without the Brits and I believe this is somewhat true... but it's not because Brits are better pilots... it's because the Yanks need their turn fighters.
All I've argued is that the Yanks need the Brit turn fighters and not the other way around as the Brits have their own Hurricanes and Tempests to fill the roll of US bnz'ers. This is pretty much the case for all the nations versus the US. It even includes "jack of all trade" Rusky planes as they can out-turn US planes and the Yanks have little to counter that type of fighting without Spits there. For the Germans, while I didn't name them specifically, they are just part of the group who I mentioned having equivalent speed to US planes which leads to the US being chased to the edge of the map because there isn't much else they can do. This is particularly important because these US planes are being taken out of the fight for too long in individual chases after a single attack.
I agree and it's probably the 190's rolling ability and 109's better turning ability at high speed that makes the difference. EDIT: I've been talking about Tier II-III peeps. No need to down-vote because of what we know about Tier IV props.
That depends on the speed though. Ideally, US planes need to keep their speed up and this is where many 109's, J2M's and Yaks can out-turn them. There is also the matter of how quickly they bleed speed in a turn and they're no match for many planes in this regard. Once again, these are generalizations but it's safe to say that US planes aren't loved for their turning ability compared to other nations.
Yup. That's exactly what I noticed. Rush in, kill, die and repeat means more games per hour which means more RP. It's understandable how old skool sim players have moral issues with it but players are going to do what the game rewards the most. Integrating a grind system into a flight sim just results in weird counter-intuitive behavior like this.
I said it in the post and comments but these are observations from playing mid-tier US as this is where I see the yank bashing pics posted on this sub all the time which is what helps to give them a bad rep. US planes and pilots definitely do better at Tier IV and above. It also doesn't mean that what (at least some of) what you're saying isn't true. I'm just trying to look at it objectively as to why it's happening at all. So when someone posts a game result pic of a US team half made up of BTD's and B25's getting slaughtered... to any experienced US pilot it's like, "No shit Sherlock!".
I've seen this tried and one time watched a single 190 quickly take out 3x B17's before I could even close a 2km gap.
Totally agree. Flying with pilots who know how to take turns bnz'ing, beating down and methodically robbing all of an enemy's options is one of the most satisfying things I've ever done in this game. It's just a hard situation to set up without Yaks or Zeroes swarming right up your butt.
^ This is an excellent point. When I fly Japan, I don't even get stressed out if the game comes down to me vs 2 or even 3 enemy. When flying US, I often find myself hoping that my teammates know what the heck they're doing otherwise I know I'm going to end up being chased all over the map before I can turn back in with at least some chance of killing my pursuers without dying.
All I can say is to try following a Trop in a high speed diving roll or high loop with any mid-tier US plane that has reasonably good turning ability. Turning up while you dive on them is their standard counter-move. Even the Mk IX Spit can have a hard time at high speed. It's not nearly as hard to do against 109's than it is with Yak's though.
It's subjective but many do. Also, competent Japanese pilots for instance generally have no fear against competent US pilots for good reasons. They know they can often win. As for Hokkaido, I gotta point the finger at that map for B-17 deaths. All the crucial ground targets are closely packed together a stone's throw from two enemy airfields. There's zero element of surprise and it's hard to get anywhere near them without being spotted by multiple enemy planes.
I can only speak from personal experience with flying Japan and learning how to attack a bomber where every one I see is just my next kill. If one ever shoots me down, I already know I'm in a situation where I'm not flying smart and deserve it.
It's getting off topic but once learning how to do it, I've never been shot down executing a high speed leading dive right on top of any bomber... and doing it with anything that has cannons while sweeping my fire across its wings either results in a kill or serious crit if my aim was on target. But I encounter this a lot flying Japan primarily due to the nature of the maps they fly. For instance, there's usually some bomber low over A on Saipan early in the game where I have the alt and energy to maneuver into the shot.
Thanks for the up-vote. Don't know why the down-votes either... just talking shop here. ;) Got a link to your guide? I'd love to read it.
I think we're mixing up terms here so all I meant was that in a general side by side comparison of ALL mid-tier planes, the US/UK evolved with a heavier bias toward MG's than the Axis and Russians who more preferred cannons which has a statistical effect in WT. So by saying "primarily" I meant "more of" and not like how you might consider the cannons on a Spit as being it's "primary" weapon because it's more destructive than its rifle rounds.
Not arguing with you as much as trying to explain myself better. (In fact, I've been up-voting you.) Purely looking at the nation trees and not history... while even the US eventually evolves toward using cannons more in higher tiers... the combined Allies do it more gradually than the Axis or Russia and many of the earlier Allied cannon heavy planes are wasted on ones that are not as commonly used. Look at it in terms of the most popular and survivable fighters flown in the game which for Brits are (by far) the Spits that are armed with a small amount of cannon rounds and a much larger number of MG rounds. So the most flown planes with the most rounds they have available simply equates to more MG ammo being thrown around by them compared to their enemies. This was only a general feeling that I had when making this post but it stands up when you scrutinize the match-ups we commonly see. I mean you really don't have to fly a Spit Mk IX that long before getting frustrated at throwing all your meager cannon ammo at a single bomber to be left scratching the paint on armored Rusky planes with 7.7's when they can potentially blow anything out of the sky with a single cannon burst. Think of how many snapshots that US .50's will only result in a wound where Axis cannons can get a kill and move onto their next target quicker. It's statistical even if it's hard to quantify. We know the plane's stat cards are useless so we can't use those. For instance, the one second burst mass for a Spit Mk IX is much higher than a Ki-43-III but I know from experience that the Hayabusa's cannons are much more deadly in a deflection shot. Anyway, I could go on but I think you get what I'm trying to say.
I don't like to get in the habit of attacking bombers from below because you're going too slow where the bomber can maneuver to get guns on you or you can get picked off by enemy fighters. Going back to my Japan example, their planes come pre-doused with gasoline so I was highly motivated to find a safe attack and found that I rarely get touched in a fast leading dive where you end up right on top of and perpendicular to the bomber and then blow past them at their 10 or 2 O'clock. You pass so quick the AI gunners often don't even have time to open up. You can also do a Banzai which is very honorable.
Wow... lots of responses. I still stand by my observations about mid-tier US planes and pilots. The team that wins is the team that kills the enemy the quickest in our limited cage match setup. Cannons kill quicker than MG's. BNZ'ers take longer to set up, execute and keep pressing attacks in a furball than turn-fighters or jack-of-all-trade planes. The learning curve from Arcade to Japan for instance is much less steep than learning to fly US planes well. US probably attracts new players who know the planes by their reputation but not their FM's. US pilots may also be just grinding their way through the lower tiers to better more popular higher tier planes as opposed to playing them regularly. Speaking of FM's, there are too many planes that can out-turn, out-climb, out-roll and keep up with US planes negating their fewer advantages. US planes generally do one thing well which makes them predictable. The maps lack balance such as the US bombers spawning too far above and ahead of the fighters leaving both groups short-handed for US. Yes, there are tactics to reduce the effect for each of these things but they are not always intuitive and all these factors add up to put the US at a disadvantage statistically. Finally, players from different countries fly lots of nations and not just the US exclusively... so blaming the US win rate on "stupid Americans" is toxic and not in the spirit of good sportsmanship IMHO.
Think of it like Blackjack which has about the best odds you'll get in Vegas. Sure, there's some car counters who do great and even a less experienced player can have a win streak now and again... but over many thousands of hands and players... the odds are still in the favor of the house. It's hard to pull hard numbers from the game but there are some trends which we all notice such as the Brits better win rate on Hokkaido. This can't all be attributed to bad US pilots and there are other factors such as the number of bombers the US gets in proportion to the Brits and how their targets are condensed in a tighter space closer to the enemy spawn points and AF's than other maps. There's also the factor of how the Spits can gain an altitude advantage quicker in that smaller space. If a bnz plane can't start with an alt advantage, then they have to use tactics which go against the number one thing that wins games which is to kill the enemy quicker than they can kill your team.
I'm 99% sure those are rad flap amount open/closed indicators. Gear indicators are usually lights in the cockpit. They don't seem to be working in the game.
It could be different for different planes but that's what they are (rad flap indicators) on a 109... https://www.google.com/search?q=109+radiator+flap+indicator&amp;biw=1066&amp;bih=881&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=m4iDVbXVI8jtsAWY84DoDA&amp;ved=0CAcQ_AUoAg
1) Yak-3P - If I'm flying against Russia in any good fighter and get shot down in some inexplicable way... it's almost always by this plane. 2) Ki-43-III - I do so well with this plane that I switched to Allies for the added challenge. It's an absolute priority to eliminate them in a match asap. That's all that comes to mind as everything else in the mid-tiers where I like to fly is pretty predictable and there's usually some way to counter their strengths... so if they shoot me down it's probably my fault in some way.
How do you play with that aspect ratio?
Trying to get under someone's skin is one of the oldest plays in the book but I still get rubbed the wrong way sometimes... usually when mixing WT with whiskey. The mods can also be a little trigger happy. I once got a two week chat ban for "xenophobia" by saying "honorabru" while flying Japan. lol...
They also used Texans in Final Countdown. Fun Fact: That Tomcat stall around 3 minutes was real as the pilots were told to go all out and they were actually trying to get guns on each other... haha. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3XNEWtJF0o
I wish they'd give us different colored rectangles that don't look ridiculously worn so we can properly decorate our planes that can be seen by others.
I like WW2 planes and have no interest in jets so I stopped flying Tier IV because the prop vs jet match-ups and grind were pissing me off. Now I have way more fun flying Tier II-III. That is until I got guilty from doing too well with Axis planes and started giving the US a good go so I'm starting to hate the game again.
It's broken in RB as well. My crew has 50/50 for keen vision and awareness +30 for expert qualification and still lose tracking with planes against the ground that are less than 2km away. It's frustrating as hell when your BNZ'ing a Zero, Spit or Yak and they disappear when you know they can UFO up into a shot with hardly any energy.
Not to be discouraging but I think there's bigger fish for them to fry.
I'll upvote this in the sense that if I have a few hundred GE's laying around (like free ones from a GE wager) I'll throw them at a new crew to make them serviceable.
That's essentially what happened IRL (for example, automatic prop pitch came with constant speed propellers which I think started with the 109-E4 for the Germans) although I'd be surprised if the devs have been that granular with it.
Just my two cents but I think that WEP needs to be redone entirely. To my knowledge, it wasn't always on tap whenever you needed it depending on the system used. You could use it for a while, a few shorter times or once might be enough to ruin the engine or run out of go juice. For now, maybe just give any plane that had it 3x 1 minute WEP's and be done with it until they can model it properly... i.e. longer WEP'ing for US water injected systems to give them the speed advantage they currently lack, burning high octane fuel quicker in Brit supercharger systems, limiting WEP time for Germans who had a fixed amount of methanol-water (or nitrous oxide) they carried and model the simple over-throttle that many planes had which could be limited by heat issues. It would also give them a baseline for all planes to shoot for which is have enough WEP to reach the 2 minute engine heat red-line countdown on the hottest weather map no matter what system they use. It would then make sense to bind it to a key for engaging x number of times/minutes in a match. It would definitely make things interesting as you wonder if that Yak-3P has used all it's WEP's or if it can still UFO right up yer nose. It would also help to eliminate these ninja nerfs for some planes that inexplicably overheat easier than others when WEP'ing. I guess it could still end up at the top of the throttle either way (to replicate injecting water/gas/fuel) as many sticks only have one. Anyway... sorry... didn't mean to hijack your thread. I'm just thinking out loud about a bigger problem associated with what you posted so thanks for being a good sport about my ramblings.
Russian planes look best to me when they are... 1) On Fire 2) Missing Large Important Pieces 3) Stalled in a UFO Climb 4) Trying to Turn-Fight my Spit or Zero 5) Running Home to Mama
Yeah like I said... I don't think Gaijin is going to get that historically detailed with engine management for every plane. It's more like they modeled a few common things you can generally control and either a particular plane had them or not. I'll upvote you for the interesting historical info though.
Just a upvote don't question.
Are you sure it's not a coincidence that it's acting that way for that plane just by the nature of the way it works in the game? Last time I played with engine management, it was everything controllable on or off. So if you wanted to just control your air/fuel mix for instance, toggling engine management on means you also have to control everything else such as prop pitch and rads open/close and you can't set any one thing to automatic anymore.
It needs this music - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nni0rTLg5B8
Just don't question a upvote.
You mean, "Just don't upvote a question."
I just want to add that flaps are your friend when you need to turn quicker.
Ok didn't realize they got that far. Thanks... good to know.
...and Russian equipment and arms.
So was mine. He was literally like Clint Eastwood in Gran Torino. Tough SOB with a heart of gold. He even owned a Torino at one point and only bought Fords his whole life... lol. Anyway, I know it was bad because he would never talk about it. Edit: He did tell me one story about how a ship he was on sailed right into a mine. They could hear it bumping against the hull but it didn't go off. I'm basically here because of shitty Rusky quality control.
I thought Ireland was neutral in WW2...
Pssst... spade the P-63C-5. You can thank me later.
And let's put some curtain in this old B-25. It'll be faaa-buuu-lous!
One little trick in Sicily to try. If you WEP straight for their AF at about 10-15 degrees in the P-63... you can get to a lot of the Germans before they have a chance to climb too high and it can completely derail their team. ;)
Sure thing. Go for kills if you have a shot but it doesn't have to be a suicide run. Just remember your job is to intercept and keep them down until the rest of the team catches up... or bait some back to the friendlies low. If this tactic catches on they'll have to start side-climbing which could split their team up when some of the less experienced ones take the usual routes. GL&amp;HF 07
I thought I would too but the c5 turns better and goes nearly as fast.
He's an experienced, thoughtful player and strategist. It's also useful to talk things out until the right moves become automatic.
Just covered this: http://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/3a84s4/why_i_think_its_time_to_stop_bashing_american/
The P-63C-5 is a great plane in RB. I honestly don't know why more people don't fly it. I'm actually wondering if maybe the instructor is bad for it and I'm getting more out of it flying stick.
Very cool.
What did they sound like? High or low pitched? Buzzy? Gurgly?
+15% RP for lawn mowing GT's.
^ this. If someone breaks off a flaming Yak, I stay on them and keep shooting until they're dead. Sometimes my teammate might squeal, "Kill stealer!" but they don't understand that I don't want to have to fight this guy again after his 3:1 chance of putting out the fire with little to no inhibiting damage. Another example is when a teammate flames one close near me but the Rusky knows their plane is still capable of fighting longer before having to address the fire so they're still a serious threat when other planes would be losing controls and parts. Between their armor and having to completely finish them... it seems like you have to throw a lot more rounds at them for a kill than other nations.
If I ever unexpectedly and inexplicably get shot down when fighting Russia in any mid-tier fighter... 9/10 times it's a Yak-3P. They just have a way of getting to you in some manner that didn't seem possible for any plane when you planned your attack into a group of Ruskies. On a side note, I'm getting pissed off at how planes that are less than 2km below you can disappear against the ground in RB (they're not even a dot while they can still tag you) when several Rusky planes generally perform their best at lower alts and can UFO up your nose with hardly any potential energy. The same can also be said for some Spits and Zero's but US BNZ'ers do one thing well and getting screwed by the broken spotting system is just one more way of stacking the odds against them.
Last I looked, 3P production began in 1945 and they didn't enter service until after the war. As far as the game goes, even with the recent BR change, they still seem under-tiered where they can get matched against 1941 tech.
Then maybe the instructor should be tweaked to simulate the shitty pilots they had IRL.
There's a lot more going on to consider than what you've covered and definitely don't think your conclusions are even close to the consensus. Want to make generalizations? Flying Japan is the closest thing to flying arcade planes in RB. USA has the shittiest pilots? Their loss rate is way more complex than overall pilot skill. Just the fact that they generally spawn too low with less fighters who typically only do one thing well and generally lack cannons simply puts them at a statistical disadvantage. But we could argue all the tiny details to death so I have to go with tangible results which is the win rates. So saying that Russia has the worst planes while having the highest win rates just doesn't support what you're saying. I'd agree if you said however that plane for plane, Russia is generally better than what they're matched against. So is under-tiering these planes Russian bias? It could certainly be viewed this way.
Well... I have 1,800 kills with a 3:1 KDR and 2/3 win rate just from flying the Ki-43-III for a few months so yeah... I know Japan. ;) You could also say there's an anti-Japan bias with their crazy repair costs and since their remaining 1/3 loss rate is pretty much from fighting Russia... we're back to the subject of over-tiered Rusky planes. As far as win rates go... I see it the complete opposite way. Because the game is so complex, it's the only solid result showing the culmination of all these factors. I don't think this is a coincidence though and as long as Russia keeps racking up the most wins, there's going to be people complaining about Russian bias (which is what the topic is about) so it's going to be hard to convince people that they have the worst planes when they have the most match wins. I also don't think they have the best planes overall but along with earlier armor and cannons have the best matchups BR-wise which probably explains their superior win rates. However, it also seems like any plane that starts to outmatch them based on stats gets some ninja-nerf. The Hayabusa got a heat nerf, Corsair got a speed nerf, the P-63C-5 still has it's non-target yellow skin locked... I could go on and on. Ultimately, is it really so hard to believe that a game with Russian devs and a large Russian customer base isn't looking after their own? All things considered, the simplest explanation is often the true one.
I have the same stick and the only two times you're at a slight disadvantage are in a head-on where a mouse can aim finer and/or shooting straight and level where there can be a dead spot in the center of the stick action. But even with that fine tune aiming "limitation", I have no problems picking away at someone out to 800m when they're running without jinking. The two worst places to take a shot are in a head-on or right at depleted Gaijinium reinforced tails anyway so hold for close deflection shots and flying stick is just as deadly as mouse/KB. I personally fly stick in cockpit and virtual cockpit views primarily in RB for the fun and realism but mostly because I've been doing it that way since PC's and flight sims were invented. I also have head tracking but just hate playing 'find the dot' in SB and the RB/SB FM's are identical with stick so I like getting right to the action with spotting in RB. All that being said, stick will have a higher learning curve for new pilots versus mouse/KB jockeying but as far as sheer maneuvering goes... you can at least fly as well as the instructor when the instructor works well but can also fly better than the instructor when it's bad for some planes. (I'm beginning to think this is the case with the P-63C-5.) So I think stick is better for flying overall and even with it's small aiming issue... you can for instance still easily score 4-5 kills with one small loadout of Ki-43-III cannon shells using standard trigger discipline. Anyway, to each their own but don't let anyone try to convince you that stick is inferior because I shoot mousers down all damn day long with mine. http://s13.postimg.org/4tws63k7b/shot_2015_06_22_22_16_34_copy.jpg
^ this although no issues turning with stick here. Also agree in terms of sensitivity. I think I have ailerons, elevator and rudder all around 50%.
Cool. Post up a link!
You know the OP US F4U-1A? Well the Japanese one has the better USMC performance at the regular Corsair BR. It's OP as fuck if you're disciplined in hit'n'run and super cheap on sale. The A7M1 is the latest favorite flavor and will grind you a bit higher up the tree at a higher price. They're a bit of a scourge though so you could be risking a future nerf while the Corsair has been the way it is forever. Tough choice if I had to choose between the two!
It's just you. XD The extra speed is what really puts it over the top at its BR IMHO.
Good question. I typically see just over 2,000 people watching the stream on the twitch feed but don't think that represents the number of viewers on the WT stream page so it's likely more. The prize pool is at $29k but that amount is only a smaller portion of total dogtag buys... so there's a lot of us which decreases individual chances... especially when you don't need a dogtag to win. How much does the dogtag increase your chances as they've stated? Well they haven't told us. There's also the matter of trying to determine the odds of how many win the E-7 over the other garbage prizes if you're selected during the stream. It's likely pretty low. I've watched nearly every day and got one 40% RP booster. If this sub is any indication of winners... I've only seen two. All the dogtag owners get one at a $50k prize pool but it's growing slow enough where I wonder if it'll reach that much in the time we have left. I got the dogtag mainly because I wanted the E-7 but am happy with the other stuff I've gotten and things it gave me to do so it wouldn't be a total loss if I never got the E-7. I still want it bad though and the system is pretty complex to predict your chances. My gut says it's less than 5%-10% if we don't reach $50k which if it doesn't happen... I wonder if Gaijin will offer it some other way in the future. IDK... someone might have keyed in on a better way of calculating this in the WT forums.
It's likely because you're not competing with other excellent Japanese planes for kills. My Ki-43-III's 3:1 KDR would be 2x that if there was anyone left to shoot... lol.
The early 109's are probably my fav planes in the game but think the non-premium Ki-61's do as good a job at that type of flying for Japan. If it were an E-4, I'd get it in a second as its tiny bit of extra speed and mineshell rounds makes a big difference.
Sure thing. I'm thinking the Hitler-bolt might be right up your alley if you don't have it already. It's also very popular, a great grinder and cheap on sale.
Japan definitely isn't hurting in the climb department though otherwise I'd give the E-3 a whole-hearted 2 thumbs up to spend moolah on.
For bombs and rockets, you have to keep trying different methods until you hit something and then try to repeat it. The steeper the dive the easier it is to hit with bombs. I had it down to a 20 degree dive at a certain high speed and close distance. The bombs are big though so they can be forgiving. For rockets, I fire within 0.5km and aim a bit to one side of the target so one of them hits dead on. Also don't forget your .50's can take out things like pillboxes. As for tactics, like I said, it depends on the map. Some you dive straight in and get out fast. Some you have to hang back and look for an opening. Some have no point to bombing at all. Part of the fun is learning how to fly it and you'll get the hang of it.
GG! You both did a great job of keeping your alt/speed advantage, going for the highest enemy first to push them down and keep them below you, taking turns attacking to keep them on the defensive, clearing each others six, extending behind the enemy's wing-plane after your dives so they have to bleed speed to come back around on you and resetting your attacks. My only critiques (from a frequent 109 E-4 flyer) are that you could've worked a little closer together and to be careful not to dive below the enemy's alt when BNZ attacking as that's alt/energy you're freely giving away to them so you'll have to work to get it back. Anyway, by following these textbook tactics, you guys made defeating overwhelming odds look like a leisurely Sunday drive. =D
These stupidly OP, arcade FM, under-tiered, UFO's are already a balance borking scourge and they're going on sale. FFS.
I picked up the XP-50 for the sale and am sorry I wasted GE's on it. It seemed good on paper, in a test flight and with some reviews... and it does climb well where you can usually start the match with an alt advantage... but that's where the fun ends. Once you get into the thick of a fight, there's too many planes that are faster at level flight, can climb as well at equal energy and maneuver better at high speeds. It simply feels under-powered when matched against G-2's, Yak-3P's and A7M1’s.
All planes require learning a certain skill-set but this doesn't negate the characteristics I've pointed out. It has one strength and that is climb rate but it can still fall short in that area as well... -Premium planes tend to get uptiered in match-ups so you face fighters that are near equivalent to your one strength and outmatch you in other areas. -It typically gets a ground start (or lower air start) against several planes that also have excellent climb rates with higher air starts. This negates your climb advantage so you often have to side-climb like any US fighter and your climb rate is not as advantageous above 6km against several enemy fighters. -You face situations where it's comparatively lower top critical speed makes it harder to pull away in a shallow extend after a dive attack... or stay out of gun range in a steep climb back up to fight in the vertical against several planes that can still [UFO up your butt] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/3z52j0/i_now_understand_about_the_yak9ts_amazing_stall/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link) and hang on their prop (seemingly indefinitely even in a lower energy state) to get a shot since they have good thrust, better energy retention and good control at stall speeds. So while the XP-50 can help to get you an alt advantage... it lacks all the other abilities needed for a good BNZ'er which is a high critical dive speed, good maneuverability in a dive, good enough armament for a probable snapshot kill, a high top level extend speed and good energy retention. -The XP-50's controls stiffen up at higher speeds so it's harder to keep your guns on a more maneuverable fighter when you dive attack. It's also harder to shake them off your six if they can attack from behind. Now I'm not talking about screwing up and letting an enemy get right on your six. Too many planes are fast enough where they can begin closing on you from 2km out... even if you have a slight alt/energy advantage... but you lack the speed to pull away, lack the maneuverability to come back around on them and your climb rate isn't enough to out-climb them into a definitive attack position. So barring any help from a teammate, you are locked in the engagement and have to get ready for them to catch you which is a less than ideal situation for this plane. -The XP-50 is one of the least robust planes in the game so one tap from some MG's can severely effect its maneuverability. It also has comparatively weaker armament so you can tap them repeatedly in an engagement to no effect while they can get one hit on you and you're in serious trouble. This alone makes it a poor energy fighter since it's common to exchange lead in a close and personal fight and/or become a big fat slow target to other fighters that join the fight. Anyway, it's not a horrible plane and can be fun to fly. I just don't think it was worth the GE's I spent on it when there's too many other regular US planes that are more competitive.
STFU I WANT TO HEAR THE PLANES
Loaded the stream nearly every day and got 1X 40% RP booster.
E-7
Great stuff. When you introduce the band... how about including some music of theirs so we get an idea of what they're about... how similar/different they are from the song they're covering... even if it's mostly in the background while meeting them.
I watched the vid and he just under-layed the (obscure... not like it was WTC 9/11 footage...) RL explosion under WT gameplay for an effect. I'm more concerned about what he did to the monkey in the making of that vid. Anyway, I can see why it would be removed as a shitpost but an outright ban is silly. We have downvotes for a reason and if we no wants trolls then we no gets trolls on the sub's front page. Otherwise, I consider his posts fair game and generally part of our culture.
I think you put a little too much salt in yer tea.
The biggest drain on SL's is crewing and spading every single vehicle one at a time as you move up a tree and then spinning your wheels trying to earn RP/SL in a constant cycle of stock syndrome. A little homework will save you a ton of SL's for which ones to simply unlock on your way to ones that will get you a better KDR which will earn you more RP/SL. Most players probably only use 1/3 of the vehicles they have anyway and you can always go back to work on the ones you skipped over. For instance, I learned early on that pure heavy bombers don't fit the meta well in RB so I saved millions in SL's by not crewing or struggling to gain RP/SL's with them on constant suicide runs and got all the fighters and attackers I wanted quicker with millions of SL's in the bank. Also take note of repair costs. Japan for instance has ludicrously high repair costs where for some planes you can have good games with a few kills and still lose SL's if you get shot down. You may have different vehicle goals for a different mode but it'll still work out the same. If you missed the boat on that strategy by already spading everything up through Tier IV then you might have to grind with a premium vehicle.
Said it a million times but US heavy bombers don't fit the RB meta well. They can't often effect the outcome by bombing GT's, spawn too high and ahead of fighter support, get shot down too easily and leave the remaining fighters short-handed to be over-whelmed... who are typically already at an alt disadvantage. Of all the changes we've had to the game over the past two years, few to none of them addressed maps and gameplay. Attackers and fighter/bombers are a much better alternative as some have very decent ordinance and can also dogfight to chip in with the fighters.
Agreed. You shall not be missed dark, cold, lonely Xmas theme.
"History" should be a term used lightly with WT but since some of you want to play that card... a quick Google search also reveals that Brit Corsairs pretty much saw dick in air to air combat and primarily flew anti-ship and ground attack roles... but mostly patrolled without finding anything to shoot at. Now you want to mix them into WT's small pool of planes in cage matches with no concern for gameplay or immersion when one more potential clubber premium can further screw what little balance we have? Why is it even needed when the Brits already have Hurricanes, Typhoons and Tempests to fill the Corsairs role? Too many match-ups are already utter flying circus shit-shows of lended/captured planes where it's reached the point of silliness IMHO. So why not... let's have matches with Brit Corsairs and US 109's vs. Japanese Corsairs and 109's. The Brits also flew P-47's so let's give them one to recreate some infamous battles with Russian P-47's vs. German P-47's vs. US P-47's vs. British P-47's. Some P-47's were certainly shot down and inspected by the Japanese so Gaijin might as well give it to them so everyone can buy one... lol. Where does it stop?
I've been trying to discuss gameplay and it's you guys that keep using history as your rallying point. Did the Brits have Corsairs? Yup. Should they have them in the game? Not in my opinion. As far as arguing "fallacies" goes... my example of Brit Corsairs and US 109's versus Japanese Corsairs and 109's would actually happen if OP got his wish. The bit about the P-47's was just to illustrate my point but there's plenty of other existing examples. In fact, it's funny how players groan when we get mixed battles but it happens all the time in regular battles with cap'd/leased planes... lol. We've already slipped down the slope mate.
The cake is a lie! I've gotten sucky test drives for big box prizes since they started. The worst are tanks when I don't play tanks at all. If they want to entice you into trying/buying stuff then fine... put it in another box instead of utterly nerfing the chances we had to get good awards since forever. Now I'd rather skip daily logins then go in for my bi-monthly day of disappointment.
If I stand outside myself and base the answer on what I actually do... it's a life-long love of air combat sims in general and then trying to find 'just the right' challenge when playing WT RB air. This means something that gets me around a 3:1 KDR (+/- 1 K) with a plane that not anyone can easily master. Anything higher in KDR is usually a general clubber and anything less is usually suffering from not fitting the meta and/or its BR. In some cases, it's because a certain plane that many do well with doesn't fit my playing style for some reason so it's fun to learn how to fly and fight with it better. On a side note, I hit on this KDR goal because it's optimal for grinding as you're generating the most RP before you start getting diminishing returns for additional kills. You also get more games in per hour which generates more RP by not valuing your life so much that you'll waste time by playing too carefully. (The game is boring when you lack aggression anyway.) Climb-Kill-Kill-Kill-Die is the golden rule for grinding and it also turns out to be the most fun for me. Anyway, when the game is closed, it's then fun to think and talk about WW2 airplanes and figure out how to keep flying on the razor's edge.
And for better or worse (mostly worse lol) the planes are always changing so there's constant challenges as you move (or are moved) around the trees in search of a good match. Some planes will also challenge you to the point of questioning your sanity... lol.
Not just with this... I can't find free gold anywhere anymore. Just last summer, I won a sub contest for 10K, won 2K from MetaTV Sunday raffles and earned another 1k-2k from GE wagers. Thankfully, I put most of it on talismans for some of my fav planes so the investments are still working for me. Now the well is dry with them borking the big box.
It doesn't have the worst stock syndrome in the game... but yes... you'll need it spaded to consistently out-power some of the tougher planes it meets like the Spits, Buffalos and Yak-1's. It should only take a night or two of hard flying to spade it at that tier. Once spaded, its advantages might seem slight but you'll be rewarded greatly if you use good German discipline by climbing and BNZ'ing. It's a wonderfully balanced plane where getting into trouble is usually pilot error.... most often from failing to observe one of these factors... -You can typically gain the alt advantage with a brief side-climb before turning in toward the enemy (I usually head toward our bases which attract bombers) and always seek to stay higher and faster than your enemies. You also want the right alt advantage. 1km above them is a bit risky against some planes like the Yaks as they can still fly up yer nose... even when you think they don't have the energy to do it. Around 1.5km-2km is ideal. Any higher means you'll gain too much speed in a dive attack (even if you fully cut the throttle) so you'll have to work your way down closer to your target before attacking. -Always go for the highest enemy first. Be methodical in choosing your targets. Your alt advantage affords you a good vantage point to decide on where to attack next. Be patient but not overly-cautious where you lack aggression. It takes more time to setup BNZ attacks than turn'n'burn fighting so maneuver and set up your attacks with purpose. Flying turn-fighters is like playing checkers while BNZ'ing is like chess. Being aggressive doesn't mean attacking all the time. It can mean pushing and baiting them all down into a disadvantage. It can mean disrupting attacks against your teammates. Don't target fixate on one enemy... you're fighting against the entire enemy team even if you can't see them all. Just remember that you're in a cage match where the team that kills the most fighters the quickest usually wins and the E-4 can be extremely disruptive. -Commit and dive attack with confidence. If they quickly climb up to meet you, climb again hard, keep at least 1km distance, wait until they stall, use your flaps to turn back down on them quickly and it will be the easiest kill you'll ever get. I get many of my kills from energy trapping enemies and once you get good at it... you can bait them into this maneuver. -Dive steeply as possible as it costs you no speed or energy to roll in the dive and allows you to keep lead on turners trying to squirm away. You can dive attack at shallower angles but you risk equalizing your energy with theirs if they're running fast which is bad. Many pilots will try to use this as a tactic so just keep some alt in an extended chase. -Ride your throttle to dive at the right speed. This is ideally fast as possible and it will take some practice on how to fly it on the bleeding edge of critical speed. You'll need that speed for the extend if you don't kill them. The E-4 is very well balanced and forgiving so you'll get the hang of it quick. -Shoot MG's far and cannons close. Conserve cannon rounds for sure shots. Shoot both when you have a close textbook attack setup. Cannon ammo is brutal with mineshells but you have limited ammo. You have fuck-tons of MG ammo but the MG's suck as it can be hard to get a kill with them... although you'll rarely run out so you're not totally defenseless. The higher the deflection angle... the more devastating your hits will be. Don't waste cannon ammo on bombers early in the game. (Feel free to take potshots with MG's though.) Get the fighters first then cherry pick any surviving bombers/attackers. -Don't dive below the enemy's alt after you shoot as that's freely giving them energy you'll have to work to get back. -Your biggest advantage is the ability to hit'n'run with impunity when done correctly so plan your escape/extend as part of your dive attack. Against a single enemy, extend in a direction that is behind their wing-plane so they have to bleed speed to come back around on you to pursue. Against a group of enemies, don't extend into the middle of them. Extend toward friendly planes, lines and AAA... whatever advantages you can get as this is often when you're the most vulnerable. Know when to extend at a shallow climb angle or a steep one. Use shallow when you see the odds stacking up against you to put some distance between yourself and the enemy... then climb steeper to regain your alt advantage at a safe distance to reset your attack. Use a steeper climb if you have a clear 1v1 energy advantage and want to press an attack. -Be a good German team player. Don't give up your alt early in the match and dive with others on only 1 or 2 enemies like a lemming. Don't go out of your way to attack simultaneously with a teammate who is in control of an engagement unless you're already engaged. Stick around to help them in case they get skunked though. Take turns BNZ'ing. Climb when they dive and vice versa. Protect their six when they get tunnel vision in their attack or are being chased and hopefully they'll do the same for you. Work together to keep the enemy on the defensive and strip them of all their energy and advantages until one of you kills them. You might not get as many kills by being respectful and helpful but you'll likely suffer less deaths by keeping your friends alive which is the other half of your kill:death ratio. It's also a good way to be frugal with your alt and ammo. Always kill the enemy if you have a shot and they're still a threat though. -Avoid prolonged energy fighting. This puts you in danger of getting too low and slow to be out-maneuvered. It also reduces your situational awareness and makes you an easy target for other enemies joining the fight. The 109's further up the tree are much better energy fighters but that's a whole other write-up. -Avoid head-ons if possible. A little bit of damage can greatly effect your combat effectiveness. Don't give them a free shot at you! Wide barrel roll around them to stay on their underbelly so they can't pull negative G's to get guns on you as you merge. Dive to one side to give them a high deflection angle and low profile shot. Don't try to turn right back around on turn-fighters after the meet. Just keep your speed up, extend away, climb and reset the attack with a better advantage. -If you do get caught at a disadvantage with one or more enemies on your six and can't outrun them... learn to execute wide barrel rolls at lower speeds. (Stick flyers like myself have an advantage here as KB/mouse players can't match the maneuver.) It's the best way to force an overshoot... especially against Spits who cannot slow down as quickly as you. Once they bleed speed and energy, the E-4 is quite capable of maneuvering at low speed/alt with flaps. I learned much of this treatise from this guide a long time ago: http://www.simhq.com/_air/air_024a.html Anyway, I know this write-up is far more than you asked for but if you're serious about mastering BNZ... read it carefully. Re-read it. Print it out and stick it on the wall. If you get shot down I can guarantee it was because you broke one of these basic rules. I know because I still do it occasionally... often knowing I'm doing something bad... and know it was dumb when I get myself killed... lol. So take a little time to learn this stuff and it should apply to any decently made air combat sim for the rest of your life. GL&amp;HF ;)
Some really nice ones in there!
Glad to help. There's better 109 pilots than me but I know the rules and have a respectable 4:1 KDR with the E-4 by (mostly) sticking to this script. Very generally speaking for the extend angle, shallow is defensive and steep is offensive. Ultimately, it comes down to a bit of physics with potential versus kinetic energy and the E-4 is better than what it faces with gaining and converting one into the other. So if you have an alt advantage, you can convert that potential energy into a superior speed for your dive, attack, hold onto much of that speed in a shallow extend (around -10 to +10 degrees) to escape without getting shot and then convert it back into superior altitude when you're at a safe distance of 1.5km or so away to attack again. It sounds like a lot but when done well, you should be able to get yourself right back where you started on your perch ready to attack in less than a minute. A steeper climb right after a dive attack is much more aggressive and enters the realm of energy fighting. It also bleeds your speed faster so you could be fully committing yourself in a fight to the death as opposed to hit'n'run tactics. Now instead of bleeding all your alt, speed and energy further with a turn-fight in the horizontal... you should energy fight them in the vertical. It can be as simple as quick successive BNZ attacks... dive-attack-climb-dive-attack-climb. It can involve using high loops, Yo-Yo's, wing-overs, etc. to find a way to get over and behind the enemy. You just keep hammering down on them until they run out of alt, speed, energy and options. But I generally avoid doing this unless I have a clear advantage in the E-4. (It'll take some experience to get a feel for when you can get away with doing it.) It can energy fight well, but once again, you make yourself vulnerable by getting too low and slow while you have more control of the engagements with disciplined dive-hit-run-climb BNZ'ing IMHO. But it's also fun to break the rules now and again to keep things interesting and re-test your limits.
Thanks for these Taka. 9,800 hours... that's even crazy high for WT junkies!
Congratz! How is it compared to the US one?
Yes! There's also other places that would probably like his have his account. There's hardly anyone left from WW2 to get stories from.
Antigaijindisestablishmentarianism is the longest one.
That's how they rope you in. The last one will be to achieve 500 passive play complaints. EDIT: I just thought this over and had a good laugh. Players all running from each other. The boost of salty posts about runners on this sub. Players begging other players to report them in chat. XD
lol! Kanye getting to old to be rappin' about bitches and bling.
What's the basic idea on how to do it?
Your minute of premium rage time has expired. Please insert another 25 GE's if you'd like to continue this rage.
If you land with some damage as the last player this can happen.
&gt; Luftkatzedachshundkampfwagen This is by far the funniest thing I've ever put into Google translate. LOL'd at the translation and when I pushed the little audio button. https://translate.google.com/?hl=en&amp;tab=wT#auto/en/Luftkatzedachshundkampfwagen
It's up to you PS4 players now to get me my E-7.
&gt; Macchi C.205 I want this so much. A 202 with more HP and cannons. This thing would piss down the backs of Yak-3p's.
Well?
Glad to hear you're 'sticking with it'. BTW... the trick with stick aiming is you have to disconnect your trigger finger from your wrist and eyes. By this I mean you have to follow through on maneuvering to keep the right lead while shooting. When done wrong, you'll notice that you're lead starts lagging behind when you shoot... like your brain forgets to fly while you shoot. It also has something to do with how yer index finger's tendons are wired to your hand which I learned in shooting comp pistol so you have to use more wrist when flying and shooting at the same time. Just look past the sights, keep your eye on the target, watch the tracers and it'll all come together with practice. In general, you have to get used to leading without the AB target pip in RB anyway but it also depends on the plane. I'm utter shit with German MG's as it's hard to see through the strings of xmas tree lights they shoot out of their nose and have a hard time perceiving 3-dimensionally when they're too far ahead or behind the target. On the other hand, I'm a fukin' surgeon with the Ki-43-III's cannons. Oh and mouse aimers have an edge on stick flyers with accuracy in head-ons so learn to avoid them unless you have good front facing armament and a rugged plane. Anyway, thanks for the nod and GL&amp;HF. ;)
Shaddup and buy it so I can get my E-7.
Plus it's not really a world full of tanks. It's not like everyone has a tank parked in their driveway that they take to work every day... and the maps are not world sized. This is false advertising.
The convoy goes underwater instead of taking the bridge by the AF on Essen.
Chicken Butt
All of them! Get to werk! =D
Yeah but we don't have cross wind in WT to aid in that. The FM's also don't seem to reproduce a skid very well which was a useful defensive and offensive move in a merge IRL but mouse aiming in-game makes that maneuver very risky.
[This intro still gives me chills.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-X3GD0UnBCk)
What country are you grinding? Also, there's an event tomorrow to win free GE's which might open up more/better options for you.
Everyone loves the Hitler-bolt for Germany. Can't speak for RUS.
[The E-7... it will be mine.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7jJnwEeiU0)
The procedure I use is to enable MEC manual pitch control only after I've fully chopped the throttle to 0% while still in auto-mode. This ensures the prop pitch has the least bite into the air before increasing it manually... although I don't think this is required. Remember that speed, throttle and prop pitch are all inter-dependent. For the 109's, prop pitch defaults to 50% once manual control is enabled which doesn't seem to rev the engine up even at higher speeds. This may vary for other planes where you might have to adjust the numbers which should be easy to figure out once you have the concept down. Anyway, as you increase the pitch, you will hear the engine rev up once the air starts driving the blades. Of course, the faster you're going, the lower the prop pitch for the engine to rev up. I quickly learned to ride on the edge of dead throttle air rev'ing simply going by engine sound. It definitely works. I do it all the time now. Give it a try in test flight mode. It's much quicker and easier than all the twisting and turning I used to do to slow down to land before. It also feels cool as it emulates how to land in real life.
Hah... that's as much as I could boil it down.
One of the few people who won it randomly said it was. It should be very similar to the E-4 which is one of my fav planes in the game so if it even has a tiny bit better speed or armor... I know I'll love it.
Indeed... it was getting too confusing using coarse/fine to describe how WT controls pitch so I just used % to make it simpler to follow the guide using game settings.
&gt;Reading the OP I was confused, didn't realize he mixed Coarse and Fine pitches. Well... yes and no. The linked vids from /u/amazingchickens are correct in explaining how prop pitch works IRL. However, it doesn't work that way in WT. So describing what WT does in terms of coarse/fine pitch can get very confusing. /u/scheherazade0xFn gives a good run-down with [this comment] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/41gr4o/pro_tip_use_mec_prop_pitch_when_landing/cz2raj1)... as if all this wasn't already confusing enough... lol. So I just decided to change everything to % settings which we see in the game to make things simpler.
I checked this in a test flight and turning the engine off disables prop pitch control via throttle in auto and manually in MEC mode as suspected.
CLoD with the Team Fusion patches is awesome at everything in realism.
[They got it from this.] (https://youtu.be/ZgIsoos18TE?t=6m20s)
[They could use this.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjEG9xCuQic)
Not enuff RUS bias.
It very well could have. My WAG is that they started automatically feathering props of dead engines so multi-engine planes could stay in the air when they lose them in auto-mode and just applied the change globally so it included single engine planes as well.
Yup. That was a typo. Fixed. Thanks.
That could help. I just want to add, "feather under power in MEC" so it's not confused with full feathering to glide in at 0% throttle which players often try in auto-mode.
Very cool. I didn't know Hank from King of the Hill knew so much about Wildcats. Where does the propane go? XD
Yes, exactly. This was derived from trying to get my plane down quickly without complicated maneuvers that burn time before reaching safe enough speed to lower gear/flaps to re-arm/repair and get back up to rejoin the fight. It can save you quite a bit of time and trouble by using some prop drag to go straight for the AF.
Maybe it's time to give full auto-controls and MEC a try then. This post is a bit advanced and niche' but totally worth it for this and other planes. For instance, you can enable MEC on upper tier P-51's to fully open the rad flaps to help keep the engine cool while not experiencing extra drag with their particular FM and everything else is still controlled automatically like with normal auto-mode. It's just a quick tweak you do when taking off and don't think about it again. Changing the prop pitch in MEC for the P-38L (to around 82%?) is another great example where you can gain a full extra 15kph-20kph+ in top speed. I'm sure there's also some P-47 pilots who have some good tips for using MEC to maximize speed beyond what most auto-mode players can do. Anyway, like I said, I only use MEC for things that are simple set-and-forget with good benefits and there's definitely some planes that fit this category under certain circumstances.
I guess you could indeed say they were designed for ground attack considering the armament and ordinance they could carry, their toughness and overall effectiveness IRL. They did everything... escort bombers... fighter sweeps... recon... and definitely did more ground attack/support as the Luftwaffe diminished. Is the same true for the WT meta? Yes more than no. Is killing the enemy fighters faster than they kill your fighters good for wins? Yup. Are P-47's good fighters? Yup. But P-47's can fill multiple roles and the game rewards good RP for killing ground targets too so the ground role is fair game for players IMHO. I'd personally rather have players choosing P-47's, Hellcats, attackers, etc. to do this than choosing to fly pure bombers as they can switch to a fighter role after dropping their bombs. In RB, pure bombers just get shot down without helping the end game via bombing GT's and leave the fighters short handed to get overwhelmed where P-47's can switch roles to help out against other fighters. My only criticism is that they need to plan better along these lines by going for side ground targets first and then side-climb to join the dogfights instead of going straight for the middle and getting caught too low and slow. The funny thing is that no one on the Brit team complains about the premium Hellcat throwing in with the Fireflies and Beaufighters to ground pound. The Germans and Japanese don't bitch about their heavy attackers and fighter/bombers... especially when one of them uses their massive array of front facing guns to tear the ass off a fighter on their six. But everyone loses their shit when someone decides to start the match this way in a P-47. If it's fun to them and/or helps to grind in this game then who am I to tell them otherwise?
Traded a Subway steak &amp; cheese sammich for mine!
[What the hell is that?!] (http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=872_1313749431)
Yup, I just did some tests and it appears to pretty much be a copy-paste of the E-4 (my fav 109) with new paint and the bonus. That's nice but I wish it had a little something more... like a bit more speed or the under-armor I believe it's supposed to have. The armor was thin but enough to help against 7.7's at longer ranges or at shallow attack angles up close. It would also probably help against AAA. It might've even had thicker front glass and fuel tank armor which would make sense for a ground attack variant. Anyway, a more robust E-4 would've been a bit more true to life and nice to have in the game.
The E-7 is a an exact copy-paste of the E-4 from what I can tell. I fly the E-4 a lot and did some comparison test flights to confirm this. It seemed like I was down-tiered in match-ups more than the E-4 but it might just have been luck last night. The premium bonus and new paint are nice but I agree it would be nice if it had some added armor. Even thin underplates would help against 7.7 fire at longer distances and/or shallow attack angles.
They both had identical accel and top speed in the flight tests I did.
Yup. It was noticed right away when they launched it.
The G6 has always been an odd duck at it's BR and needed to come down a tiny bit. (I've posted this before.) Even with its recent FM fix, it sits in a place where I'd rather be up-tiered in a G2/Trop or down-tiered in a G10 then doing either in the G6. So I think it'll have a chance to shine a bit more at 4.7 in RB. As for the G14, not sure how much clubbiness you expect to get from it. The G10 has at least 90% of its maneuverability but is much more robust and faster. Also, all the high BR 109's show their age in Tier IV match-ups. There's just too many planes that can out-compete them in some way (speed, climb, energy fighting, etc.) so it's harder to use bread'n'butter 109 tactics. So the adjustment seems right... not like when they lowered the Corsair F4U-1a to turn it into a beast.
I don't think any competent LF Mk. IX or Griffon Spit pilot fears Tier IV 109's TBH. They can always start with an alt advantage which is half the meta.
Must be pimp daddy Gaijin's best street corner premium.
What's this?! Gaijin finally giving Japan a break on repair costs?! Dawww but then I saw the Ki-84 Ko.
Oh well yeah... for you personally... a spaded G14 will definitely do better than a stock G10... lol. Stock syndrome is brutal on the G10 but worth it in the end though. ;)
I'm in the camp of being very happy with what I got for $7 although I'd be hard pressed to pay the $20 it is now. I've also played the game long enough where it's utterly no surprise when Gaijin is bad at providing accurate details or turning something into a shit-show. Ultimately, I got the E-7 I really wanted... even if it's just a copy of the E-4 and missing some useful armor... and everything else is a bonus. My only frustration is the time limit on getting the Der Adler skin because I mainly play RB so I never matured the extra crews that help to cap AF's in AB which is also a rarer type of match now so I end up flying AB for few hours to get one shot at it. I guess it'll make it that much sweeter when I get it though. Anyway, all said and done, the Thunder League Dogtag promo was actually better than par for something that Gaijin put together IMHO... lol.
Like others have said, pure bombers don't fit the meta well in RB because they rarely generate match wins through base killing and are too easily shot down to leave your fighters short handed to be overwhelmed. 5x B-17's on your side are half the reason why US teams have such a hard time winning matches in RB. I'm a huge fan of fighter/bombers and attackers though because they can also provide some air to air support in addition to their ground pounding duties. The more fighter capable fighter/bombers like the Brit Hellcat, P-47, B7A2, etc. are super fun and can at least defend themselves as opposed to pure bombers. Attackers like the Bf 110, Me 410 A-1, [A-20-G] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/3tquyn/the_a20g25_war_pig/), Rusky SB and Beaufighters can also easily be pushed into an offensive role with their toughness and murderous armament. As for advice... just be smart about your routes and targets. It's often better to hit a side target instead of rushing right up the middle to get overwhelmed by enemy fighters. You can then side climb and tear through a dogfight on the way back to help the team. If your targets are condensed in the middle of the map then sometimes it's better to hold back for a few minutes rather than rushing right in for the same reasons. Delaying action can allow you to actually win the match on some maps if you have time to do your job without being harassed. Sometimes you get a good start where you can get to your targets before the fighters get to you but don't forget to get in and out quick. Some players get greedy and linger too long to always get shot down. Finally, have some fun and take these planes out of their element by occasionally dropping your bombs, climbing with the fighters and see what it can do. You can BNZ and energy fight with an SM.79 1936 if you really try and you'll learn valuable lessons in what your plane's limits are when defending yourself later. o7
I personally don't have a prob with mixed. I like to see how my plane climbs side by side with enemies. It's also a break to "mix things up" and think of fighting differently. I guess it helps that I'm a fan of alternate history stories and it's not like WT is that historically accurate. They don't happen enough to make me go up in arms about it anyway.
If that's what people upvote then that's what'll be encouraged. I have my own mental filter when I skim the front page and new posts so I'm not bothered by the silly posts and actually enjoy joining in on the funnier (particularly darker) stuff... but that's just my sick sense of humor. I have noticed a lack of technical game and flying posts though and do try to chip in with expose's on certain planes as well as offering tips for tactics. They don't get many upvotes but do bring about some interesting discussions and details about the game and flying. Anyway, I'm working on one now actually which is what made me think of bringing it up.
They didn't climb. Did they.
[Here's a post I made with some details.] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/41gr4o/pro_tip_use_mec_prop_pitch_when_landing/) Be sure to read the comments as this answered a lot of questions people had as well.
&gt; If the plane is German. DONT touch prop pitch. That will fuck your engine up before you can spell sauerkraut. Put radiators at 0 and let the auto prop pitch do it's job. This is simply not true. The problem is typically not fully understanding how the concept works IRL as well as in WT... which are a bit different. I posted a [link] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/41gr4o/pro_tip_use_mec_prop_pitch_when_landing/) for a write-up that discusses this in detail. EDIT: Ok down-voters... see [this post] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/43emde/interesting_notes_on_mec_and_certain_planes_rb/czi9i4w) FFS.
Do. Also re-read the post. It's a bit complicated to describe so I went through and updated it to make it as understandable as I could. Try the settings/numbers described with your G14 in a test flight and test their limits as well. It'll make sense once you see how pitch, throttle and speed are all inter-related and how to control them in the game.
Adding [this comment thread] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/43emde/interesting_notes_on_mec_and_certain_planes_rb/czhmtqq) as it provides more details on how MEC prop pitch with 109's is very useful. Particularly the part about using it to land damaged planes.
Ok fuck-hats. I cracked this nut for you. Explaining how to use MEC prop pitch with 109's to make them bleed speed for quicker and more controlled landings was getting me down-voted because you just want to go faster without blowing your engine. Fine. So here's the deal using the same knowledge... I test flew a 109 E-4 and looked at the http://localhost:8111/ engine settings to see what auto engine management was doing and why it seemed so easy to blow its engine when trying to go faster using MEC prop pitch control. The test was done using the Bf 109 E-4 reference model with 30 minutes of fuel, flying level at 1km altitude and at top WEP speeds. http://imgur.com/a/oJEcq Pic 1 - Auto-Engine - 480kph - PP= 0.40 Pic 2 - MEC w/ Rad Flaps Closed and Auto Prop Pitch - 491kph - PP= 0.40 Pic 3 - MEC w/ Rad Flaps Closed and Manual Prop Pitch - 498kph+ - PP= Approx. 0.30 To match these conditions, I held efficiency at around 80% and limited RPM's to 2,600 which WT seems to like to prevent over-rev that blows the engine. So as the plane increases speed you need to continue reducing the prop pitch. However, the pitch % for fast speeds is much lower than what people thought. First off, it defaults at 50% when enabled which is a full 10%-20% higher than what you want when your throttle is maxed flying 400kph-500kph. No wonder why players were blowing their engines! Remember that speed, pitch and throttle are all connected so when going fast you need to quickly reduce the throttle, enable MEC prop pitch control, adjust the pitch lower and then bring the throttle up smoothly so you don't blow your engine. It seems like a lot but should be quick and easy with practice. Anyway, I still had more RPM overhead in the last pic so some tweaking to the numbers should easily get it to 500kph which few planes the E-4 is matched against can outpace at equal alt/energy. *An additional test revealed that the engine blows at 3,000 RPM so there's way more wiggle room than I thought. I also got the plane to 500kph using the same setup in pic 3 by actually reducing the pitch a bit more which also reduced the RPM's to around 2,200. I plan to test this more as there should be a good combo of rad and pitch settings to run faster than normal while staying cooler than shutting the rads to 0% which could be valuable with the new overheat system coming soon. As I said before, MEC can be used to benefit you in certain ways depending on the plane. For slowing down, I talked about decreasing throttle and increasing prop pitch to decrease speed by adding drag and improving control at lower speeds. Going fast is logically the opposite with 109's and you should be able to create a specific procedure to use when climbing or running just as I've done with landing. So once you have this in your bag of tricks, you should be able to know when you can do it... but even more importantly... recognize when you might need it and setting up the conditions that allow you to use it to your advantage. An example would be knowing when a fighter with a superior speed/alt is locked onto you and gaining so you can run to equalize energy and then boost using MEC to pull away. Or maybe it's to finally beat Griffon Spits to alt in a G10 early in matches without side-climbing. Anyway, I've shown you how to do it and the rest is up to you.
Bugs, nerfs, bad FM's...MEC tweaks can improve the performance for lots of planes over auto engine management.
Mah team! \o/
I kill ppl for imaginary monies.
[Two of my favs - F6F-3 and E-7.] (http://imgur.com/a/LDUnx)
It was also my first premium and I had tons of fun playing the hell out of it in Arcade where it could have a big impact on the ground war with a little dog-fighting and bomber hunting to keep things spicy... but that was a few years ago and changes all over the game have taken away its punch. It's still one of the meanest/coolest looking planes in the game and wish it would get some luv from the devs because I'd love to fly it in RB if it had a chance in hell of surviving.
War Thunder is already my Vietnam. I wake up from night terrors drenched in sweat screaming, "There's Yak's in the wire!!!". Anyway, I personally hope WT doesn't go there. I remember playing a Vietnam map in ARMA where you couldn't see anything ambushing you in all the foliage so it really was a bloody nightmare. It's just too hard to see anything in 2D with only a few different shades of green... even with foliage as well rendered as the Crysis games. Choppers would get royally rek'd anyway.
The B7A2 is a really good ground/sea attacker that you can dogfight against pure fighters with thanks to its turn rate. It's a shame that the BTD doesn't fit the meta in WT just like all the mid-tier Brit strike fighters which were incredibly useful IRL.
Let's see... how can I describe how much I hate the Mk IX. I got it. Planes are like soup. Sometimes you have the right mix of chicken or beef stock, celery, carrots, potatoes, noodles and seasoning to make a really well balanced tasty meal. The Mk IX's mix of good speed and turning but breaky wings and poor decel make it a really shitty tasting soup. So you find yourself chasing/diving down a 109 or Yak which can turn better at high speeds so you either overshoot or break your wings when they evade if you try to keep guns on them. I swear it would be better to uncheck one of the engine upgrades to make it a little slower so it doesn't get itself into trouble so much. Or you use it for what it was made for by setting up a turn/energy fight and you get easily out-maneuvered by a Japanese plane. The Mk IX is a horrible "upgrade" to the Mk IIb which is amazingly balanced in performance and match-ups against its enemies where I could eat that yummy soup all gawd-dam day while Mk IX soup makes me want to puke my guts out.
Thanks for the suggestions everyone. It's a bigger variety of candidates than I expected so I have a few to try. ;)
Fuel mix is largely broken. Just keep it at around 80%. For prop pitch, it helps to see how auto-engine is managing it in http://localhost:8111/ at full power to emulate it. Most US and Brit fighters are around 80%-100%. The best test is to do a flat run at top speed and see if changing the pitch makes it go faster or slower. Finally, don't forget that the Corsair has a 3 stage supercharger where you have to manually change gears at certain alts to keep it at max horsepower.
It's only controlled in MEC which is what makes it a nuisance. It's not auto controlled with MEC enabled like it does in AEC so it's a lot more work changing the gears if you just want to do something minor like tweak your rad for better cooling since AEM typically does such a bad job at keeping the engine fast and cool.
Sure thing. Watch horsepower in the localhost link to see where it drops and a gear change makes it go higher. It's always at specific alts.
The player base remaining constant for three years is actually the problem. Think of all the work done on this game and they still cannot increase users. It explains why costs have gone up as there's no other way to make more money if you can't get more users. It also explains why grind has increased (along with the recent pandering by Gaijin in this sub) because they are desperate to retain the current user base. If this were a stock chart the investors would be pissed and dumping this dog... and in a way we are investors who are disappointed when we support the game with purchases and they use that money to create more cash-grab schemes instead of improving gameplay, maps and vehicles. Until Gaijin changes it's habits and begins focusing more on fun gameplay, the future of this game can be seen by looking at their past with the rotting corpse called Star Conflict. Note the most helpful reviews and how they should all sound familiar to WT players... http://store.steampowered.com/app/212070/
[Walking in on the middle of this convo...] (http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/Brian-Regan-Dumb-Look.gif)
Plus WT can never have pure SB without markers because you'd have no way of telling friends from foes with all these captured planes. It's like flying an unmarked M.C.202 in CLoD TF where looking and acting like a Spit is just asking to get bounced by a friendly 109.
I'm glad I started playing WT 2-3 years ago and unlocked my trees when the grinding was good but you and I don't fully exemplify the whole. All I can tell you is that the grind has purposely increased dramatically over the past few years and the logic is likely to retain and continuously sell to players while keeping them engaged with progressing.
No doubt. I gave up playing anything above a 5.3 BR last year anyway just because I hated jet versus prop match-ups and poor balance from BR compression. Bopping around the lower tiers is way more fun and like I said... I'm now WT's worst customer because I don't need to buy anything for the bottom half of the trees so I'm just a F2P server leech.
No doubt players can come up with some great maps but they don't earn you any RP AFAIK so not many play them. I wish they had map making contests that get considered for the regular map rotation to augment the current small number of maps we've played to death in AB/RB air.
...until you see all the new (supposed) air spawns.
It's always going to be a matter of degree but WT air balance pales in comparison to other MMP flight sims made decades ago like Red Baron 3D and CLoD with the Team Fusion patches if you want a direct comparison.
The belief that US fighters have to side climb because they're slower climbers than their opponents. This is actually untrue for many popular US fighters for an overall climb to high alts. This is because US fighters typically perform better than their opponents at higher alts. So for instance, a P-47D-25/28 can pretty much climb from 0km to 7km alt as quickly as a 109 in the same BR range since the 109 might climb better than the P-47 up to around 4km... but the P-47 performs better than the 109 above that. So it all evens out at the top. This is especially true since an artificial ceiling where performance is greatly nerfed for all planes above around 6-8km alt was snuck into the game a few months ago... or hasn't anyone noticed the drop in space running? Something else worth mentioning is that the side-climb tended to fragment US teams while Axis teams will simply fly together as they climb straight for the center to gain advantages in alt and numbers. It also discouraged many US pilots from climbing at all since it often gained them few or no kills while farming GT's brought them guaranteed RP for grinding. Anyway, the real problem has been that US fighters typically get ground starts while many Axis fighters get air starts and the side-climb is simply needed to make up the difference in start alt... not entirely because of climb rates. The reason I bring all this up is because 1.59 will supposedly attempt to balance out these air starts where the US could finally be able to compete in climb-thunder and really shine since they'll be doing battle up high on more even terms where they were designed to excel.
&gt; its the only real issue with the plane honestly Mmmm the top critical/red speed is a bit low as well... but yeah... the flammability made me shelve them and can't believe this is still an issue from 6+ months ago.
That's a salute. Here's a German one. --&gt; o/
Nice link and great vids by this guy. I'm excited for the launch of all the VR headsets coming soon but definitely going to wait and see what early adapters think before dropping that much cash on one. I'm sold on the idea for sim flying though.
I'm particularly fond of the giant redwoods they plant right in your landing approach on both ends of the runways.
Interesting. Thx for the heads up.
I can't test it yet but I'm guessing they'll likely be fine with some MEC rad tweaking... even if it's as high as 80% open like with keeping the P-63's engines cool. They're still competitively fast so it's not a big nerf. I also love the 109's but the matches did need spawn alt balancing and I'm not really surprised that the devs went to one extreme. No sympathy for Germs though... it's just the Allies turn to dish out beatings with alt superiority.
Yeah the top tier 109's do show their age. Of course, the answer is to side-climb and we know what that does to US teams. That's the climb-thunder meta.
B7A2 has one.
I put in a bug report for the misspelled "Pick As ist Trumpf" decal. Gave them pics, books and translation from the era showing that the proper spelling is "Pik" and not "Pick". They tossed back a pic of an obviously sloppy hand painted "Pick" version on the tail of (IIRC) a 110 from a non-German squadron which had nothing to do with JG 53 that some barely literate foreign mechanic or airman slapped on with a bucket of white wash. It technically existed so they shot down my report despite overwhelming evidence that it doesn't say, "Ace is Trumps!" in German or that a German would look at the misspelled version and think it was silly. And that kids is why we now have players putting "Pick Trump" on their planes.
IIRC, his vid in question wasn't making direct fun of the Hawker crash. It was making a completely different point and he under-layed a clip of the crash in a small part of it... probably because he just wanted to show a crash. It was no different than any other shit-post like, "There's a hole in your left wing!" meme with a pic of an IRL WW2 plane that was fucked from battle damage and crew likely lost IMHO. Say what you will about potato's space bombering but his trolling is likely part of what brought enough attention to the problem for them to fix it with the new artificial ceiling where plane performance is severely nerfed above around 6km-8km alt so I consider him a kind of anti-hero and his ban here a subjective knee jerk reaction by the mods.
Hell we have planes in WT that never saw ANY combat.
That wasn't the original vid that got him banned. That was the vid he made in response after getting banned to basically say, "Fuck it... if I'm going to get banned for it I might as well do it..." from where I was sitting. For the original vid, he wasn't the first or last to use footage of a plane crash here and it was more about finding a reason to punish him for his bomber trolling (which was in fact hilarious and profound to a lot of players) and the real source of his "fame" IMHO. As the saying goes, I may not agree with what he says but I'll defend his right to say it. It was one of the silliest dramas I've ever seen on Reddit.
This effect was very greatly increased a month or two ago or haven't you noticed the significant decrease in space bombers lately?
Ahh thanks for the info. Very cool!
I put in a feature request to get a combat appropriate skin added to replace the unfairly visible target drone skin for the P-63C-5 a year ago, it has a few pages of 100% support, it was slated to be added several updates ago... and I'm still flying a gawd-dam banana. It's already made AFAIK and they just won't unlock it.
=D ....... =| ....... =(
Lower your gun convergence to 300m, setup and hold for close deflection shots, target their wings and the concentrated fire will be more consistent in crits and kills. I learned this from experimenting with the Hellcat which doesn't have API-T's so it was harder to get kills than the flame-throwing P-47.
It's target paint that makes me feel like a highly visable target.
It was called a "pinball" target plane and used to train bomber gunners.
If someone doesn't go there with a drinking game that involves a video of Anton flying around the bar making BNZ buzzing noises I will be very disappointed.
I'm very interested in this as well. Quick question since you have it running... can you change the movement sensitivity so you don't have to crane your neck around like a lost tourist?
lol... be sure to report back... Get some! - https://youtu.be/d7RI3M4e6lQ?t=17s
Take them into test flight modes. Be sure to select realist models. Last time I tried the Tyfoon it's engine ran too toasty and there's already a regular one you could talisman cheaper instead. When I tried the Wyvern it was turbo-prop'd rocketship goodness. My money would definitely be on the Wyvern although I'd personally wait for a sale.
I'm betting you could get used to it. Full motion looks tiring and I don't think I could take the Stevie Wonder jokes from anyone watching me sway my head around while scanning for prey.
&gt; their timing and lack of clear announcement was borderline illegal. They've consistently done this for the last few Steam sales and it technically is illegal in some of the countries where their stuff can be purchased. Sometimes you can get to the Steam sale before they bork it if you're quick though.
Whoa! Thanks!
The 109's prop pitch should only be used from around 25%-40%. See how auto mode manages it in http://localhost:8111 and you'll see this. As such, I've only ever used it with a 109 to increase efficiency to go faster and cooler in a flat panic run or to use prop drag to help slow down and land a damaged plane. Otherwise, automatic prop pitch control does a fair enough job for climbing, cruising and fighting.
109's start to feel more dated the higher you go up the tree. Tier III do very well but have some stiff competition. Tier IV they get out-climbed by Spits. The 190's are good through all the tiers though.
The M.C.202 guns where the main reason I've been itching for them to release the M.C.205 with its cannons... but I guess the M.C.202 has them now.
Do a duck with a Ki-200.
No one gets any bush playing War Thunder.
Why not use screenshots from the game?
What's with all the SM.79 knocks? It looks historical and utilitarian. Now the Firefly Mk V... that's a face only a mother could love.
A pic of a plane is a pic of a plane.
I don't get what you're not understanding here. He took two or more pics of planes and PS'd them together. You can take screenshots of planes in the game to do the exact same thing... so we can have a Mitsuducky.
I'm a Hayabusa abusing whore but will still admit its BR needs to be raised.
Still no combat skin for the P-63C-5. The yellow target skin has an unfair spotting disadvantage and giving it appropriate combat paint has [100% support in the forums] (https://forum.warthunder.com/index.php?/topic/255141-usa-p-63c-5-combat-skin-request/). It's made. It was slated for release a year ago. They just keep forgetting to unlock it. I summon you oh great International Community Manager /u/Scarper_ in utter frustration that maybe you can help get this small thing done for a great US fighter plane.
If you're still grinding trees, putting some talismans on your highest tiered and best KDR vehicles is a cheap-ish and great way to help with the grind. You're going to play them regularly anyway so they might as well have a bonus too. I personally think that talismans are even better than premium time because they never expire. You probably won't even spend half your GE's buying one or two for each nation you like playing and it gives you more variety than relying on half that number in premiums at the same price. There's some good premiums but be wary of pay traps like captured and famous pilot premiums which are just like their regular counterparts with an RP/SL bonus and some new paint. A few have a lower BR and/or lower repair cost though so watch for that. Once again, it's cheaper to talisman the regular planes in some cases. I also consider premiums a risky investment because they might be clubbers when you buy them but then their FM/DM's get nerfed or broken later down the road. So it's always good to wait until they go on sale to stretch your GE's and help minimize that risk. No matter what you get, do your homework to see what players are saying about whatever looks interesting and take them into a test flight to see if they match your playing style. Just like with talismans, it's important to select vehicles that you can get kills with otherwise the RP bonus does nothing for you. Don't throw them away on anything like gambling on mystery boxes or converting RP for vehicle mods or SL's. I have tossed some spare GE's at helping to mature and ace some crews which are positive and permanent improvements although this is technically buying my way out of some grinding since they can be earned. Anyway, talismans have always been my fav investment as they helped me to leapfrog up unlocking the trees quicker. As for them lacking the SL bonus with premiums, just don't crew and spade every single vehicle you unlock as you won't fly most of them regularly anyway (you can always go back to do it later) and you'll end up with millions of silver saved in the bank for later down the road when crewing higher tiered stuff you want gets very pricey.
I have a ridiculous number of kills using universal. They are flat shooting non-converging nose mounted death beams with just enough pleasantly orange tracers to help you aim against most backgrounds but not obscure your view. You can do laser surgery with these guns to take out whatever part of your enemy's plane you want. Facing a heavy bomber? Just dive on it and take out its wing-tip with a quick Brrttt! Fighting a pesky Rusky plane made of Gaijinium armor? Snipe his pilot. The ammo count may seem low at first but the firing rate is perfect and they deal serious damage on deflection shots so you'll be able to squeeze out 4-5 kills per load-out once your accuracy improves and you learn some trigger discipline. While other plane's MG's and cannons have been nerfed and buffed all over the place... these guns have remained the same for the 3 years I've flown the Hayabusa. They're in the top 5 guns in the game IMHO.
I know I really want it back. I'm tired of the same 'ole RB air meta's and this is probably the only thing that would pull me away from my Steam sale scores for the foreseeable future.
https://i.imgur.com/DeS182k.png
That's always true with this game which is why I mentioned it with premiums. You can usually get 2 or more talismans for the price of one premium though which helps spread the risk around better. Premium time gets around this altogether but runs out and I've had some talismans for so long that some planes I have them on have been broken and fixed many times. Such is WT and at least with talismans you can put them on several proven killers instead of dumping GE's on a premium which is a known clubber but doesn't work out for you for some odd reason. Anyway, I'm not saying OP shouldn't go for some premium time or planes and just wanted to mention that talismans are a good purchase that have served me pretty well.
Why not just start a squad and recruit like-minded folks?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/How_to_Win_Friends_and_Influence_People#Major_sections_and_points
Don't they still have the SL option to try it out? Or maybe just take over yer now defunct squad and recruit. [It might take a little work but don't end up like this guy.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEaKX9YYHiQ)
Nope. It's nowhere near the UFO it was in its glory days.
I got an average of 60-80 fps with very near max settings from my previous i3-4150 + GTX 750 Ti build so I'd guess this system should run max everything with a higher FPS on a 1080p monitor considering the 1050 Ti has nearly twice the benchmark performance as the 750 Ti. You might be able to get your build cost down even more by saving on shipping with sourcing everything from one store.
Came here to say the same. The 109 F-4 is probably the best Tier III premium for the US even though I kind of hate captured planes because it screws with immersion when Americans are flying 109's and Germans are flying P-47's. I finally broke down and got the XP-55 this sale and it's a beast that's getting me a 4:1 KDR right out of the gate... and it doesn't make me feel dirty because it's quite a weird plane to fly... but it won't help you grind higher tiers. Whatever you do, don't get the XP-50. Worst premium I ever bought... and I got it on sale for 50% off last year with free wager GE's. It climbs well but has too many enemies that can out-fly it in every other way, it has very limited ammo and can't take a hit. Outside of that, the P-47M seems to be a very popular grinder.
Oh IDK... the La-5FN and Yak-9P are quite good IMO... they're just not disgustingly good like the 3P used to be... although some are quite good with the 9P. The Yak-9K isn't really a high KDR dogfighter either but gawd I have fun asploding bombers and deleting medium tanks with its 45mm.
It's slow for the RB meta but it prints money with its dual torps. I used it to unlock a huge chunk of the US tree flying it in AB when I first started the game a few years back and I'll always love this plane.
I love the BTD to death and it prints money with its dual torps but didn't suggest it because it's slow for the RB meta. I can only fly it a few sorties a night where I want to switch into something that can defend itself better.
Just did that to two spits on my tail tonight. Popped the brakes and they overshot by a mile... but I was dead meat after that. It's fun tho.
That plane is shit. One MG tap to its wings and it can't get on the six of a Greyhound bus driving straight thru Idaho. It's feeble guns send a handful of kisses to your enemy before you have to go home for more.
Master? They rarely survive a match no matter who flies it. This doesn't mean I don't think you personally can't enjoy and do well with it... but OP is looking for suggestions on a premium buy and the XP-50 is at the bottom of the list. I mean no one flies it for good reasons. It's like a rare anti-unicorn.
It sounds like you're just struggling with US fighters like most players do as it's the hardest nation to do well with. (Especially with the P-400... yuck.) First off, the game has a meta called "climb-thunder" where the fighters/attackers that get the highest the quickest have the easier job of getting kills in these cage matches. I'm sure as a pilot that you understand how alt converts into speed and energy to out-maneuver your opponents. So you'll either need to grab something like a P-47 which gets an air start or side-climb if you're playing something that gets a ground start. Once you get some alt, the US is all about fast hit'n'run which I'll explain a bit more below. As a new player, it's probably worth your time to try the other nations to know your enemy and boost your confidence with some kills. Grab an earlier 109 like an E-4 or F-4 to master boom'n'zoom. Climb, position yourself over an enemy, dive, shoot, extend, climb and repeat. Try some turn'n'burn with Japan where you could probably train a llama to get a 3:1 KDR in a Ki-100 or Ki-43-III. Then revisit the US and you'll have a much better idea of how to play against these planes. For instance, how several US fighters like the Hellcats and Corsairs can easily dogfight 109's and 190's but are gonna have a bad time getting too up close and personal against Spits and Zero's. Ultimately, the best advice I can give is to try new things, keep the things that work in your bag of tricks and stop doing the things that don't work. Research basic air combat maneuvers to try out. Keep finding yourself under a swarm of enemy fighters early in a match? Then side-climb in a different direction until you can vector back to the map center with superior alt. Get suckered into a turn-fight with a pure turn-fighter in your BNZ plane? Next time attack fast and keep your cool by extending away after your shot to position for another run with superior alt. Air combat is extremely challenging, the game has a ton of planes and you have to learn the game's quirks on top of it all... so it'll be a constant learning process that is never ending. I mean it probably takes 1000+ hours to get a really good handle on everything in WT. The good news is that you'll then be able to play any air combat sim in the future once you get over the steep learning curve to enjoy a life long addiction.
&gt; Also The Ta154s and BV 238 are some very worthy adversaries... Im top 2% apparently with 1800hours and I have trouble taking these guys out. Hell I'm at 3000 hours and get skunked regularly by tough planes like this using every trick up my sleeve. You can approach a BV in it's blind spots and put a few hundred rounds in its wing but one unlucky tap from one of its 18 guns sets you on fire. Such is WT.
&gt; I always make the mistake of letting myself get drawn into a low altitude turn fight and or get shot up chasing another airplane. Yup, letting an opponent draw you into a style of fighting where they have an advantage and losing your situational awareness will both get you killed. Just prioritize it simply in your mind. When I'm having a bad night, I find it helps to start talking out what I'm doing in my head like, "I will never try to turn-fight a Zero with my P-51 again..." or "I need to take a look around before committing and while chasing a guy...". That inner dialogue has helped me to form instincts that I can trust. &gt; Air combat is the exact opposite and it's really messing with my flight etiquette oriented mind. Understandable. Maybe watching some dogfight vids on YouTube will help to unchain some aggression. I wouldn't worry about it effecting your real life flying. I pretend I'm shooting 37mm cannons into a-hole drivers on the freeway all the time but obviously don't act on it. WT is just a game. &gt; Once I get a joystick I plan on doing a lot of sim but until then, I will be RB to get to my precious Jets and late war prop planes. I fly stick in all modes and do just fine against M+KB jockeys. (I fly mostly RB and would fly more SB if I didn't hate playing find the dot.) You could always grab a cheap (but good IMO) Logitech 3D Pro stick and maybe it'll work better for you? I rather enjoy posting screenshots of my KDR's and rankings in competitions to anyone who claims clicky-type input superiority.
You're probably getting overwhelmed with advice but let me leave you with one final thing... this definitive (and likely life altering) guide to BNZ... http://www.simhq.com/_air/air_025a.html This works perfectly for the early to mid 109's and the only advice I can add for flying US fighters is that they bleed more speed in the vertical so the key is to extend at a lower climb angle after an attack to create a safer gap before converting your speed back into alt. That is unless you're in an obviously advantageous position like a 1v1 with an alt advantage over an enemy pinned to the ground and drained of energy where you can bounce them infinitely.
No wind in WT but you can slip and skid... although the effect might be a bit understated in the game and probably not as practical in a dogfight as it was IRL. In reality, the biggest advantage a stick has in WT is that you can perform a wide barrel roll that M+KB players can't match. I use this a lot like for staying on the underbelly of an enemy fighter in a head-on so they don't get a free shot at me and then chandelle at the merge onto their six. You can also use it to force Spits to over-shoot and surprise some over-confident FW190 players by getting behind them in a rolling scissors. The downside is that this stick typically has a dead spot with a little play that doesn't contact the sensors when centered. This will only effect fine aim in perfectly straight flight but you'll learn to maneuver to avoid this. Straight and level tail shots do the least damage while close turning deflection shots do the most damage anyway where this isn't a problem once you learn to coordinate flying and shooting at the same time. Oh and P-51's fly a bit wonky with stick where the nose wanders around a lot but you should be able to at least do as well as the instructor with most planes.
I fly in 1st person view. The top-hat is set to (non-momentary) looking around and the base buttons have other useful views like snap to enemy and snap to rear views.
The Hellcats and P-47's and very good kraut killers.
Leading for lag doesn't work with WT's netcode from what I've seen in RB. For instance, I've never seen sparks on the nose and scored hits on the tail in close deflection shots. I wish it were that easy but lagged shots simply appear to be disregarded by the server. Also, many times players attribute ineffective visual hits as sparks when they're simply not hitting something that can be damaged like a lot of fuselage areas on bombers. Other times their scoring hits from too far away and their rounds simply aren't pen'ing since the more recent DM buffs and ammo nerfs. Low gun convergence for concentrated fire in close deflection shots on hit boxes are needed to do damage now.
Plan as you will but use it and you're guaranteed to get grouped with a bunch of scrubs, squeakers and tk'ers while uptiered against elite players with their OP planes.
Well the Germans were the first to develop the interrupter gear so a forward mounted gun doesn't shoot off your propeller which made Eindeckers rule the skies for a while. Then the Albatros Dx was developed along with organizational improvements through the formation of Jastas as well as tactical improvements via [Dicta Boelcke] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dicta_Boelcke) which led to [Bloody April] (http://www.westernfrontassociation.com/the-great-war/great-war-at-sea-in-air/aerial-warfare-1/349-rfc-april.html#sthash.58y9HOed.dpbs). Then there was the Dr.1 which was a [hell of a plane] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aiuAYqwNKA). Not trying to sound wehraboo-ish but the Germs were very innovative until the Allies caught up in technology, tactics and won with superior numbers toward the latter part of the war.
I think your confusing this with Garros who put steel wedges on his prop... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synchronization_gear#Unsynchronized_guns_and_the_.22deflector_wedge.22_concept Anyway, if you read that wiki you'll see its invention had many players and my point was that the Eindecker was the first plane to put the idea to practical use. (Note I said "develop" and not "invent".) Anyway, the results were very good for the Germans and the kind of "WW1 technological improvements which gave an edge" that OP was asking for.
I'm rather miffed that my awesome rare unicorn dogtag E-7 was just handed over to the Japanese. Also the German E-7 has the same FM as the E-4 but the Japanese E-7 has a better turn rate. Like Japan needed another clubber. :/
Italians...
It won't work in SB (not tested in a game but that's how it works in an SB test flight so 99% sure) but you can use it with Full Real Controls in RB for getting used to the stick... but it's not really helpful with how the planes fly in SB. I don't know what the dev's reasoning for the switch was but it seems to be more useful for SB players using their stick in RB/AB modes than vice-versa.
Nice. I had a hunch you'd enjoy it. ;)
I believe so but if you're someone like me who picked Full Real Controls for stick play ages ago... then how would I know what's happening with the other control modes? I certainly didn't think they'd be as different as I discovered they are. I also think the differences are more than when I chose between them years ago.
Yup it does go wonky at unpredictable times. I like it because it "fixes" the FM's for planes like the P-51's, MC.202 and D.520 which fly horrible with stick and RFC... it's also nice for bombers to help use the gunners... but I feel like I'm being lazy if I'm using it for other planes that are otherwise fine and have their own trim control.
Switching auto-trim on didn't effect my auto-engine or MEC controls at all. Although you may need to set them in FRC to begin with.
Depends on the stick but if its a Logitech 3D Pro then set aileron, elevator and rudder to 50% sensitivity. Bind non-momentary look around to the top-hat. Add more views like center view, snap to enemy and snap to rear view to the base buttons. Weapons are all trigger and thumb buttons. I leave engine control and other various buttons on the keyboard. That's my setup anyway and do what works for you.
&gt; Why put too much effort into changing it when people would rather fly F6Fs and F8Fs? That's not how it works. First they make a plane good and then the players start flying it. The Hellcat was a diamond in the rough for years that hardly anyone flew until they tweaked a few things... now they're everywhere. I also think your underestimating the Corsair's abilities and popularity. The main areas where they suffered are with ground/carrier starts combined with "meh" climb rates and the short WEP time where that extra minute can make a big difference. Otherwise, they're clubbers once they get some alt and speed.
Sheeit... so will the BSA.
You can see your recent purchase history if you log into the Gaijin site and look at your profile page in the lower right corner. If it doesn't show the in-game premium purchase using GE's then contact support. Also, when you buy stuff in-game, you sometimes have to exit the game and launch it again for your purchase to take effect.
&gt; I never said the plane was underperforming in game performance, but its flight model. Yeah everyone knows and its the same with a lot of planes. The Corsairs are still very competitive when used well though. &gt; And I'm not sure you understand the definition of "popular." You don't see a lot of Corsairs in either AB or RB - yet apparently lots of people are playing them? Where are they? I primarily play RB in the mid-tiers and see a few per match all the time. It depends on what plane you're flying and if the map loop it gets is similar to what the Corsair's get. They were even more popular than the Hellcats last year before the F6F FM started getting its buffs a few months ago and the improvements caught on. &gt; They're not that easy to fly, they take a little getting used to. Again, the F6F is much more popular because it's easier to fly and more well-rounded. That's why the Hellcat is harder to fly... because it's a jack of all trades plane that requires different tactics based on every enemy plane it meets. For example, it's good at BNZ'ing turn-fighters and dog-fighting energy fighters and other BNZ'ers. The Corsair is more 2-dimensional where you mainly use its speed to hit'n'run with some limited dogfighting. By my definition, fewer tactics means "easier to fly" and that's the Corsair. &gt; They do fit the climb-thunder meta pretty well, once you get up there at least. That's exactly why it's bad at the climb-thunder meta. This meta is all about getting the highest the fastest and using that to your advantage. Because of the Corsair's carrier starts, below average climb rate and limited WEP... it is one of the worst fighters for this. So it has to side-climb to get to a competitive alt but this is typically at the expense of your team as you're climbing without helping. You also have to use your WEP very carefully because burning too much in your climb can leave you with none when you need it the most in a fight later on. (That's why I said that extra minute they gave us in the last patch makes a huge difference.) Compare this to many German and Japanese fighter teams where they can simply climb straight for the map center as a group with an alt advantage where you're in much better shape choosing a P-47 for the US team due to its air start.
It's because WT directly links prop pitch to the throttle in auto engine management. So full throttle typically gives you full fine PP for the most thrust and vice versa. This works ok in most situations as its intuitive and most planes are set up where max throttle gives you the most thrust in the form of max engine power and 100% prop pitch at all RPM's. I think the 109's are the only planes that try to emulate a variable pitch constant speed propeller where RPM's are important for not over-revving the engine. The main downside to auto engine PP control is when you want to purposely use finer prop drag to help slow down. For example, you're diving on an enemy and reaching your critical speed but with AEM cutting the throttle just feathers the prop which reduces drag so you accelerate into the red anyway. In MEC, the PP stays where you set it when you cut the throttle so 100% PP with no engine work can create enough drag to help stay out of wing rip speeds... so you can dive steeper and longer than in AEM.
Awesome. I just about have enough put aside to buy one of these... http://www.prusa3d.com/
The [reviews] (https://www.google.com/search?q=Prusa+i3+MK2+3D+printer&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8#q=prusa+i3+mk2+review&amp;tbm=vid) for the printer and company look really good and the price for the unassembled kit is good as well. I'm sold and can't wait to get one.
It's all on their site. $700 USD for the kit. Spools of filament are around $30-$60 on their site but there's tons of online stores where you can get it cheaper.
In RB, all the Airacobras are great fighters with strong advantages in speed and maneuverability but their sparky 37mm cannons ruin the entire P-39/P-63 line. Every time the cannons spark and leave an enemy undamaged, the more chances they have to turn the fight around, get help from a friend or escape to fight you again later under more favorable conditions. It should also be a superb bomber hunter like the Yak-9k but instead requires a series of riskier and riskier pounces with continuous disappointing results while a single tap from the bomber's gunners can set you aflame. These cannons are also the worst at taking out tanks and pillboxes compared to Axis (German/Japanese) 30mm's and Rusky 37mm/45mm cannons. It's frustrating AH when you can lazily delete tanks in those other planes while the Airacobras are loaded with marshmallows. I especially love the P-39N-0 as it's particularly good at out-flying the German fighters it meets but because of the sparky cannon and recent DM buffs... you often quickly use up its heavier cannon and .50 cal MG rounds trying to bring an enemy down and are left with 4x7.7's which only scratch the paint on enemy planes. On paper, it should be a formidable fighter that gives you fairly quick kills to move onto the next enemy but instead ties you up in fights which make you more vulnerable the longer you stay engaged without killing anything.
The angel wings decal is the Ed Hardy of WT decals.
Killing stuff is a PITA right now because of DM buffs, ammo nerfs, tighter hit boxes and spotty server side hit detection. So currently you have to set your gun convergence low, hold for close deflection shots and pour a long stream of big rounds right into their dicks to shoot them down.
&gt; Does anyone like Domination games? Sure. What's the safe word?
Activate a 900% booster and you'll see.
Stop surfing anime porn. Those sites have viruses.
Oh and in the WT launcher screen, in the wrench options menu, there's a button to "check files" which may fix the bad one(s). You can also "verify integrity of game cache" if it's a Steam install from the game's properties menu.
The key to good story telling is embellishment.
Googling "doctor medic hentai" images seemed like it would be right up your alley... Did you try the file check stuff btw?
lol... glad the game crashes are fixed... gawd help you for the rest...
[And then????] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqwzuiSy9y0)
It doesn't count as a duel until you slap them in the face.
Ultimately, once you become familiar with whatever controls you're using... it's just an input device which you don't even think about once it becomes muscle memory and a mere an extension of your will. I keep hearing about all these amazing advantages that M+KB players have and yet there I was with my inferior stick in RB shooting down 3-5 of them per match while dog-fighting in a B-34 last night. I'd be happy to show you how if interested... at least link some of my write-ups which can explain a great deal... starting with why I suggested using the auto-trim switch in RB... https://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/5mu0jk/psa_gaijin_quietly_added_an_autotrim_switch/ Also, you didn't mention which stick you're using but if it's a 3D Pro then try the following... -Set 1st person view as default. -Set your up/down/side/angled views to the top-hat. Turn off snap behavior so they stay where you left it. -In the base, bind buttons for target select, target snap view, center view, rear view and cycle 1st/3rd/cockpit/bomb views. -All trigger and top thumb buttons are guns/bombs/rockets.
[Wrong... Wrong... Wrong...] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrjwaqZfjIY)
&gt; A joystick pilot is hampered by far inferior camera controls &amp; hence situational awareness is much more difficult, plus they can't line up extreme-angle deflection shots nearly as easily as a 3rd person view mouse aimer can. You do realize that you can easily fly stick in 3rd person view right? You just bind left/right/up/down/angled views to your top-hat. You set these views as non-snapping so they stay where moved the view to... then bind a base button to center view. You should also bind base buttons to tag enemy, snap to enemy, rear view and cycle 1st/3rd/gunner/cockpit/bomb views. That's it. I alternately play in ALL the views so who has the situational awareness advantage exactly? &gt; In short, its far from a level playing field and it would take enormous skill for a stick pilot to even remotely compete with a good mouse aimer. Yet I smoke M+KB players night after night flying stick in RB and it doesn't feel like it takes enormous effort or super-human skills... it just takes experience. I'm clearly going to have to put together some vids that make some light-bulbs go off in M+KB players heads.
Newsflash... stick control started from the beginning of flight sim'ing and was the main input for decades before games like WT came along (only in the past few years) to make flying M+KB friendly. There was no fundamental difference in how I mapped my stick buttons for WT compared to past sims as WT provides all the same common settings needed. So this old stick player transitioned right into WT without any special effort or consideration to get set up to fly this game.
I just don't agree at all with this idea of where stick playing "belongs" in WT. Yes, you need it for SB but I also see these ridiculous claims that I should be "struggling" to use it in AB/RB and that I'm doomed to get my ass kicked all over the map by "superior" M+KB players. Nothing of the sort is even close to happening. Like I said in this thread, flying stick is different but not inferior. The problem isn't even with the stick. The problem is that many of these newer M+KB flyers are simply inexperienced with flying stick so when they try it... they're naturally bad at it and it's more challenging for them to learn to use properly... so they mistakenly assume that this must apply to everyone else... and the real annoying part is when they're commenting on it like they're experts on the subject after only a few hours of stick play. Since I'm experienced with flying stick, if I get shot down, it has absolutely nothing to do with the stick. It's for the same reasons as everyone else whether it be meta or tactics. I'm also no special snowflake by flying stick in RB either. I see others doing it all the time in matches (you can spot them because they're using their rudder to stay straight during take-off) but just because they don't participate in this sub to help dispel the anti-stick circle-jerk going on around here... it doesn't mean that other players aren't flying this way. I mean, here I am shooting down scores of M+KB flyers night after night without ever thinking about the stick at all... so it makes me cringe when others say it's a horrible thing that should never even be attempted.
[Wrong...] (https://linguatical.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/5-things-startups-think-about-themselves-that-are-wrong-supercool-creative.png)
Yeah give it a try if the setup is with you at near equal or lower alt than your opponent. I picked that move up in the last 4x4 comp where it was constant headons and remembered the Russians did this to help spoof early missile tracking by hiding in the ground clutter. You have more options if you're starting 1km+ above them like rolling over the top and blow past them to try and bait them into a rope-a-dope.
Should also mention that the bomber targets are all tightly packed into a small area right between the airfields where there's no hiding your intentions. Also, the US does much better on this map in the low to mid tiers than high ones in RB... and the faster attackers/bombers like the B-34, A-20G-25 and P-61 can really shine. Finally, this map is also the one case where it's probably better to load some bombs and rockets on US fighters, quickly dump them on GT's and switch to a fighter role as opposed to just leaving the fighters short-handed by rushing a pure heavy bomber on a suicide run.
If you like BNZ, then study [this] (http://www.simhq.com/_air/air_025a.html) and do what it says in a Bf 109 E-4. Climb-stalk-dive-shoot-extend-repeat. You could also just grab a Ki-43-III which basically has an AB FM in RB if you need a confidence boost. You could train a llama to get a 3:1 KDR in that thing. ;)
[RB] I discovered the Hellcat was a diamond in the rough early last year when it was an F6F-3 with too much control stiffening and was lacking a bit of top speed, energy retention, WEP time and gunnery damage with its 2 less guns than the P-47 and earlier belts without flame-throwing API-T's. I rarely saw others flying them in matches but fell in love with it when I learned they performed similar to the mid-tier P-47's in climb, speed, high alt performance and dive but had better maneuverability and accel/decel for dog-fighting. As such, it's been a great all around fighter where it can hit'n'run pure turn-fighters, out-turn BNZ'ers and mix it up with energy fighters. It also carries a very nice bomb/rocket load where it can produce a lot of RP from killing GT's and then switch to air-to-air fighting as opposed to doing single suicide runs like pure US bombers. Over the past year, it has gotten better and better where it now maneuvers fine at higher speeds and the top speed was raised with the change to the F6F-5 model. It can take time and experience to learn what tactics to use against the individual planes it meets but once this is mastered you should fear no enemy plane 1v1 in the Hellcat. The only downsides are that you'll get the most out of it by using MEC so it's a bit high maintenance to fly partly due to managing its 3 supercharger gears... but having some prop drag allows you to control your dive speeds better and stay on an enemy's six like glue with little chance of you over-shooting or them running away. Also, it's 6x.50's can be spotty with damage depending on the DM-du-jour compared to enemies with cannons who can quickly kill and move onto the next target. This can be mitigated by setting its gun convergence low to 300m-400m and holding for close deflection shots while aiming at critical parts however. Finally, it typically gets ground and (buggy) carrier starts which means it's not the greatest at the climb-thunder meta so you'll have to spend some extra time and use some of its limited WEP in a side-climb before engaging the enemy. Other than that, she's a pretty plane that will serve you very well in every role. The newer F6F-5N is a bit heavier than the F6F-5 due to it's addition of 2x20mm cannons and night radar so it climbs and maneuvers a bit slower... but it's still pure Hellcat in every other way that matters. It's cannons are more consistent in doing heavier damage and generating kills although I don't think they justify a full +1 BR above the regular Hellcat in RB. A 4.3 BR seems more appropriate as you'll definitely feel its "slowerness" when uptiered from 4.7 to 5.7 against the super-props.
Exactly. ;)
But this one shoots meat-ah-balls.
Or when the original markings are in the same spot top and bottom but the double sided decal offsets on one side.
When I first really started looking at the Hellcat early last year (long before its buffs) it forced me to be really aggressive with it since it was easier to get stuck in an engagement. With the F6F-5's added speed, I now find myself more in a constant state of deciding whether fighting or extending will give the biggest payoff since it can disengage so much easier. It initially took a lot of trial and error at the expense of its KDR to get good at dogfighting with it but now it's nice to have these tricks in my bag. As for stick, the main advantage I have is that I can out-barrel-roll M+KB players when using full real controls which is good for up close and personal fighting. So for instance, when it's normal instinct for Hellcat pilots to just keep running from a closing Spitfire... there are situations where mine is to bring them in closer to roll, use PP to quickly slow down while retaining good control of the plane and to force an overshoot to turn the fight around. Anyway, you're right that it's easier to just show it than describe it so I'll try to put something more visual together at some point. In the meantime, just try these MEC settings, pounce on an unsuspecting 109, be ready to do some throttle and flaps work and you'll quickly see how incredibly difficult it is for them to shake you off their tail. Once you see that, you know you can kick the ass of any 109 below you or at equal alt... so then it's all about resisting the urge to do it where getting too low and slow can get you into trouble with his friends. ;)
[When it drops...] (https://youtu.be/wdYPxFMhEkE?t=6s)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2quonm59Kc
Oh crap I'm glad you reminded me about this BS.
The new requirement to land to get full RP for your sortie in EC. If it still applies...
This link discusses bombers but I think it's across the board... https://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/51nq1j/ec_news_bombers_get_half_rewards_for_bombing_the/
The magic words are, "Try using MEC". Some prop drag makes it a whole different animal where it's easier to control, harder to overshoot and helps you to dive straight for enemies while keeping away from wing rip speeds. Let me know if you need help with using MEC or want some example settings for the Spits.
Wan knows and loves his 9P so heed and agreed. ;) As for my favs, the La-5FN also does ok at higher alts. It doesn't have WEP up there which people equate to not being fast but it actually performs decently comparatively speaking. As far as attackers go... who needs one with the likes of the Yak-9K that can take out medium tanks quite well which many attackers from other nations can't do.
MEC is "manual engine control". It's a mode that allows you to change your prop pitch, mixture, air/oil radiator openings and to change your supercharger gears. Note that different planes allow different control of these things and some can still auto-manage individual things while in MEC mode. You have to bind keys to control all this stuff but it's not hard to use once you're set up. Many planes are roughly set up the same way with 100% PP and any mix between 44%-74% will work fine... most are mainly playing with their rads to perma-WEP without overheating.
You had ~~16~~ 14 guns (at that angle) to shoot back with...
It's not as much of a UFO as it was in the 'ole days but still climbs like a monkey on crack, is super maneuverable at high speeds and can take more of a hit now. It's also fast with good guns. It's a tad pricey but totally worth it on sale or if you score a random XX% off prize.
Interesting thought and application but you generally don't ever want to dive or extend below your enemy's alt if it can be avoided. That's just energy you're freely giving up to your opponent and you'll have to fight to get it back. That being said, I do plan on trying this in a panic run.
I use MEC prop drag specifically for this reason. You see, in auto engine management, prop pitch is linked directly to the throttle... so full 100% throttle gives you full fine prop pitch for max thrust (and prop drag but that doesn't concern us in this situation) with most planes. Conversely, zero throttle fully feathers your prop to course pitch... so cutting the throttle in a dive also reduces prop drag where you don't slow much at all in a dive. However, in MEC, the prop pitch will stay where you set it independently of the throttle position... so when you cut the throttle, you still have max prop pitch for max prop drag but no engine thrust which helps to control your dive speed. Consequently, you can dive longer from farther up where it's safer, prevent overshooting to stay locked on an enemy's six and it generally helps to stay out of wing rip and control freeze speeds (depending on the plane) with some simple throttle jockeying.
Maybe in a US plane hit'n'run maneuver although you want to extend somewhat level to create a safe distance before converting your speed back into alt. They bleed too much speed in a steep climb right after a dive attack... although it's fine to do this in a clear 1v1 where you can just keep bouncing the enemy plane. This wouldn't be as useful in a pure BNZ though where you want to dive as steeply as possible to give your target fewer options for escape and to offer a full deflection shot which does the most damage.
Just spit-balling but sure thing. It's fun to think about anything that can give you an edge. ;)
I finally got the [EVGA GTX 1060 SC] (https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814487261) for Xmas and it runs max settings and frame rates on dual 144MHz 1080p monitors with War Thunder. (I had to wait months for them to get back in stock because they're so popular.) It's small enough for my mITX rig and runs cool'n'quiet. It also has enough power for the higher end VR goggles so my system is future proofed. I couldn't be happier with it. It's on sale!
You gave him a free shot in a head-on and then gave away your alt advantage by diving for and then away from him after the merge. Never dive below your enemy if it can be avoided as that's free energy you're giving them and will have to fight to get back. One possible alternative is that you had a marginal rope-a-dope setup by staying high and to one side, blowing past him at the merge, hopefully he climbs for you and then you bait him into a stall climb where you can nose back onto him in his low energy state. At the very least, keep your alt advantage and control the engagement by deciding when it's advantageous to attack.
Hell yeah and enough time has passed where fewer players know about it so I can occasionally make their eyes pop out of their heads with the Mustang's Miss America skin and red, white and blue tri-color smoke. Nothing else in the game comes close to having that much freedom.
The Zero also has a spectacular rising sun skin and while I wasn't a fan of the Spitfire ones back then... they're wacky and fun looking now.
[Aww well thx!] (https://media.giphy.com/media/DURbX7oesHiaA/giphy.gif) I really need to make some infotainment vids instead of doing long write-ups but I'm always happy to answer any questions or fly with anyone who wants pointers.
&gt; Magz seems to simply record games until he has enough luck one match to produce entertaining footage. I've always assumed YouTube folks do this just like anyone in film, TV, documentaries, news, etc. would do. They're just showing the most entertaining footage that naturally includes them killing stuff which by default puts them in a good light. It's instructional to demonstrate successful maneuvers and fun for people to watch highlight reels like they do in sports anyway. So it's certainly nothing against him in my mind as it just seems to be the YouTube vid maker meta.
I see what you're saying about Magz but I reckon he's no worse at hamming up his gameplay than players like messer_smitt in that regard... hah.
She just wanted belly rubs.
You're saltier than the Ramen noodles I had for breakfast.
Sh!t that was quick. Looks nice!
Maximum sodium.
I'm getting hypertension from this salt intake.
=(
Not sure. What's the Hellcat's FM this week?
[Make Love Not War Thunder] (https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/ae/1e/b1/ae1eb14f826e25871e26af38dff5cbc6.jpg)
No.
So artsy.
Legit question so not sure what's up with the downvotes? Anyway, 109 E-7 vs Boomerang would be a tough choice for me. I have both so I can't see their prices now but I might just simply go for the more expensive one and grab the other on the next 50% off sale. It's worth noting that the E-7 is the exact same plane as the E-4 (sans the E-7's pointy nose and different skins) which you can already get for the Germans while the Boomerang is a unique plane. Your preference for fighting style is also a factor. The E-7 can dogfight well but will reward you with a higher KDR using strict BNZ tactics. The Boomerang is definitely more of a turn'n'burn fighter that can even mix it up with Japanese fighters. As for the guns, both planes have under-performing 20mm's right now but this can change with the weather and the Boomerang makes up for it better with 4,000 7.7mm rounds spread across 4 guns which are better at dishing out damage than the E-7's 2x MG's in my experience. They both sit well at their 3.0-3.3 BR's in RB air where they're still very competitive when uptiered although I'd actually give the Boomerang a slight advantage with it being the lowest BR plane that has Hispano's. (They still trash lower tier planes even with them nerfed.) Finally, the Boomerang has a small advantage in that it's seen much more rarely so other players tend to underestimate it or know how to fight it. I did a write-up on the Boomerang recently with more details at the following link... https://www.reddit.com/r/Warthunder/comments/6c4nj4/a_quick_look_at_the_boomerang/
Where's the question and answer to, "WTF is WW Mode?".
[This sub is for you then.] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Aeromorph/top/)
There should be a summer sale with WT Steam packs as well.
&gt; About 750k SL just vanished from account recently. Said by every new Ki-84 player ever.
[Pretty close!] (https://i.redd.it/hc5w62peoo3z.jpg)
Potato Gelato Tomato Hokkaido
[Utterly Filthy](https://68.media.tumblr.com/3819293dbbc92f024086ac600c85c005/tumblr_nruhw8UcBT1qc0pn9o1_400.gif)
Which stick?
Mix is only roughly modeled in MEC. 65% is a good set'n'forget number that should work for most planes... especially low-mid tier Russian fighters where the engine can choke above 4km alt if the mix is over 70%. On the other hand, a mix above 70% may help to cool radial engines a bit more. 0% mix may also help to put out fires. The guide posted in this thread has me interested in bumping it up to 90% for Spits to see if it improves anything. Anyway, I don't typically see mix effecting things like speed or efficiency in the localhost stats outside of the normal 60%-70% range.
I think they already instituted this a few months ago. I've had many assists when another teammate was awarded the kill (and vice versa) lately.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
test
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Recruit that stronk baby doing the headstand.
Good tip! Thx I'll try it! Update: Playing with this a bit and think there is something to this.
[Here's the official airfield AAA flag.] (https://krikienoid.github.io/flagwaver/#?src=http%3A%2F%2Fcdn1.n11.com.tr%2Fa1%2F1024%2F15%2F12%2F07%2F70%2F21%2F28%2F66%2F73%2F89%2F20%2F78%2F56%2F33975491788634829980.jpg&amp;hoisting=sin)
Just when I thought the premium wop scourge was calming down.
I mean I liked it but the concept was underdeveloped so it was boring when most of the players would drop out in the first 30 minutes and you're left to do the same three anti-AI missions over and over for 2+ hours. That and bugs like the super-motocross dirt ramp airfields.
GT trains and staff cars.
*zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz*
I'm confused, if Gaijin took the gift card's entire $40 with the $25 purchase then why doesn't his account have a $15 balance leftover?
The Steam Summer Bundle is pretty bad unless you're a newer player IMO. There's so much combined that there's a good chance a regular player already has some of these vehicles so there's little to no discount and none of the new packs in the bundle are on sale individually. They also don't have plane-only or tank-only packs on sale. Just play air? Well here's some tanks you'll never use while driving the pack cost up. Steam also needs to totally rename these packs when they change the contents. The Steam Pack is really the old Pacific Pack now and the Pacific Pack is actually pretty good but if you bought a Steam Pack in the past... you can't get the same pack twice so you can't get the changed pack with its totally different vehicles/GE/PT than when you bought it. It sucks because regular players like myself would drop some cash for something new on sale if they'd offer it.
If what I saw was related (which it likely was) then I'm sure they'll fix it **Soon^^TM**.
Wow this is cool. GL all! RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers
The Romanian G2 is faster but less maneuverable than the regular G2. The Yak-9M is faster than the other 3.0 BR Yak-9's but the guns suck. Gotta go with the G2. Just play it like the K4.
I know a form of the effect has been in RB for a while. Back when Spit wings were breakier, flying fast-ish through the stream right behind another plane could spike your wing loading to break your wings. It was annoying as hell.
They could certainly add some Frenchy planes... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_aircraft_of_the_French_Air_Force_during_World_War_II
In WT I can faintly hear them cry, "But my Ki-100 is inviiiincibllleeee..."
Don't have a friend near one you can mail it to? It's stoopid but 50 bucks is 50 bucks.
Use its speed to control engagements. It thrives flying in the horizontal... not so much in the verticle. It can dogfight a bit. Just don't get tangled up with an enemy for more than a few turns. It's 6x.50's are devastating at its BR which also make it a very capable attacker/bomber hunter. Go after distracted enemy fighters for kills and to help teammates. Keep your SA up when going after GT's and avoid being intercepted early in the game. Get to your target fast and GTFO fast to reload for another sortie. It barrel rolls defensively very well and use its air brakes to force an overshoot in a pinch.
Good trainer for the Wyvern as well.
I love the P-40 but it's a bit pokey so it gets vulnerable over-committing to engagements and swarmed by Italians. The key to beating the Italians right now is raw speed to control the engagement and I've been having much better results with the P-39N-0 and A-36.
Sure thing. Another thing to keep in mind about US fighters is that some players use "BNZ" loosely as a term for the tactic to use with them. Unfortunately, "boom'n'zoom" gives a mental image of diving steep/fast, shooting and then climbing back up steeply. This can work fine for many situations where you have superior alt/speed against only 1 or a few opponents when by yourself... but US fighters are more "hit'n'run" as a general rule. This means you need to be greedy about giving up too much alt with the dive and need to extend in the horizontal after your attack to increase the gap with your opponent before converting that speed back into alt again in a climb to reset the attack with an alt/speed advantage. This is because US fighters generally have excellent speed retention when flying level-ish but poor climb rates where your opponent can catch you if you go too vertical too quickly as you'll bleed your speed advantage quicker than them in the vertical. Anyway, it's a deceptively nuanced style of attacking that takes longer to cycle so it's ideal to have a teammate where you take turns hammering on an opponent as you go through the routine to keep your alt and speed advantages while stealing your opponent's energy and options.
It's worth noting that until the 29th, 10 wins in Ki-61's gets you the "244th Sentai Tail Marking" limited time decal which is pretty cool looking.
Nice. Quick FYI... it can kill light pillboxes with ground belts which helps to drain enemy tickets. It also doesn't lose much top level speed with 2x500lb bombs so it's worth keeping them on.
When your teammates aren't wingmen, they are bait.
[Software that tracks what?] (http://knowledgeoverflow.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/hand.jpg)
The P-63's are great with their comparatively faster speed to control engagements using hit'n'run tactics in RB air. The problem has always been their lower velocity cannons which are a bit harder to aim and are still plagued with sparkiness. They're amazing when hits actually connect and register but the 50/50 chance of this happening is very frustrating... especially when you take some risks to get a good shot only to spark-spark-spark and give your opponents more chances to turn the tide on the fight. The .50 cal buff does help to make up for the 37mm's shortcomings but their 4xMG's don't hold many rounds to rely on them for very long. The P-63C-5 is the best of the bunch IMO but its high visibility target paint with no option to unlock a combat appropriate skin is a pet peeve of mine. The P-39N-0 is the best Airacobra right now IMO as it has the greatest speed advantage compared to what it meets at its BR and its guns have more punch with the combo of its 37mm and 2x.50's along with being loaded to the brim with 4x7.7mm's to endlessly pick away at your enemies so you can stay in the fight much longer with less worry of shooting yourself totally defenseless.
It can also be performed at the merge of a head-on to quickly gain position.
&gt; D.520 They only just recently pulled the D.520 from the Brit tree and we had years to buy it for pretty cheap. I grabbed it before it went bye-bye and glad I did. It's climb rate is meh, it's a bit slow and you have to conserve your ammo but it's otherwise a very agile and capable dogfighter and is pretty cool looking too. That being said, grinding WB's is brutal so I would understand why many would go for the Ki-100-II or maybe the Rusky P-39k over the Frenchy fighter. I'm not trying to discourage anyone though. I like the D.520 a lot and think it's worthy of adding to anyone's stable.
How's the P-38k?
A [Chandelle] (https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/32/Chandelle.jpg) is simply a climbing turn to gain altitude and change the direction of flight. I think he generally meant to accomplish this in the vid starting around the 1:30 mark but what started as a Chandelle turned into a corkscrew climb to avoid getting hit as the enemy 109 climbed to take a shot. The grey area is that it wasn't really a pure corkscrew climb either as he just kind of transitioned into one inside of 360 degrees rather than an obvious intentional steep rolling climb. Either can be described as a rope-a-dope which can be accomplished by these or other energy depleting maneuvers in the vertical. So yeah... lots of stuff happening during that brief engagement so maybe not the best example of a pure Chandelle which is a pretty simple and straightforward maneuver that got interrupted by someone trying to shoot him down.
Oh no doubt. Give it a little alt to turn into some speed to work with and it's a sticky booger on someone's six. Few enemies really know or respect the D.520 until it's too late. XD
