Why? Buffalo already had Shady and FredEx. Off-field issues aside there is no need for him in Buffalo. Now a cast off CB, OG, QB sure but not another RB.
So... about that suicide pact.
What about Darcy? I can't think of a team with two assistant GM's.
Perhaps OWA is disabled in an attempt to prevent email leaking out of the LAN.
That's great. Do you know of a version that also works for scheduled tasks?
Yes. I should have been more clear. That way you can find any tasks and services running as a user.
I have a three bombers of Southern Tier creme brulee stout that I would gladly trade.
That was a really good question OP. Follow up to /u/vTSE assuming there is over-subscription leading to some core contention (2x4vCPU, 2x2vCPU, 4x1vCPU) would the same statement be true? Would the 2x4vCPU systems be split up between pCPU or could you have contention on one PCPU with 8vCPU trying to access 6pCPU, while the other 8(2x2vCPU + 4x1vCPU) try to access 6pCPU?
While Bern's is good I dont find it any more special than one of the better steakhouses you can get in any other city. That's not to say it is not good. But if I were visiting in Tampa i would look for a Tampa thing to do. If were were in the mid-west then you can say steak.
I mean 4 vCPU (two VMs), 2 vCPU (two VMs), 1 vCPU (four VMs). That way I am putting 16 vCPU in 12 pCPU.
I thought that was Rollins at first.
So he is basically Morn IRL.
5.56 will fix any PC. :)
Pm me.
Just like Clarkson, eh?
Dont forget Risto.
Just rolled in. I picked up milk.
/u/dredding is not the manager or anything else. Before gaspars was the place on friday it was dunderbacks, however it moved to gaspars to be more central for people. Heck the first one i went to was 6 people.
&gt; giant sink holes Buffalo calls them potholes on the highway. Fuck you 198!
I was nice meeting you as well. I hope to see you again soon.
http://www.salon.com/2014/04/11/6_most_absurd_things_the_christian_right_has_blamed_on_gays_partner/
There is also /r/tampajobs which is fairly active. I personally think you are a bit low on the floor of 45k. 55-70k sounds a bit closer, however housing in tampa has gone up quickly so look at the total cost of living.
Chris Gratton
So basically Adam Oates?
I would not disagree the Thornton was more dominant. I guess my point was how many people think of Oates as an elite dominant player. For the most part time has forgotten him for the casual fan and I think the same will be true of Jumbo Joe; Loved in SJ and remembered by players of the era but no more. Having said that Oates is in the HoF, so there is that.
If it doesn't break NDA can you give me a rough break down of what you purchased?
How much raw storage?
a two for one special of Bickell and Oduya. We get the rights to the latter by taking the former.
A six pack of Kane's choice and future considerations if Oduya signs.
Done on the condition Kaner drinks it all before the next sabres game.
You know I'm down.
Sr systems, what does that mean? LAMP stack, cisco, WIMP, as always more details are always good.
Speaking of which I have two 4 Day Passes including the Friday Masquerade ball. I spent 190 for them. If anyone wants to buy them let me know.
https://imgflip.com/i/mq0le
We could set up a slip 'n slide on the hill.
That's OK, I'm a Sabres fan living in Tampa. How do you feel about prospects and picks for your riot gear? I miss the lack of fun smack talk between towns in the playoffs.
I was thinking a good dog, your awesome pizza, goose island, etc...
Done! That's a perfect example.
While it may have a skyline they are still working on the snow thing.
McDavid is a better player but there is something very fitting about Buffalo getting a US born player with a chip on his shoulder who works hard, perhaps drinks a bit too much, he is just so Buffalo.
Ooh... that looks neat.
Shot glass works for me.
How do you feel about cigars?
I thought about that but I dont see how a cuban could be shipped up. Having said that Cubans are the bomb.
He didn't want to live in a world where subreddits are banned.
Channeling their inner Corey Perry to be a dick. I hope you publicly shamed the user.
It will be great to see you for an extended period. Are you bringing the Missus?
I can either do beer or cigars. I'm trying to keep it under $20 that way people don't flake. Let me know how you like your cigars or style of beer.
Well that's a given. :) If you ship it down I'll post a video/pic of a bunch of bolts fans doing a shot.
For the cost of that I could probably ship an actual cuban to make it and have them take the ingredients as carry on. Which while awesome would be wholly impractical.
&gt; 3-4 years. We still use dell 755 for a lot of users desktop when the are using TS, RemoteApp or other server side apps 90% of the time. Those boxes are 7+ years old.
Thank the gods we dont have that. All we have is cigars and strippers.
As a counter to your job I have two main reps i go through. One I inherited and one found me. I love them both and send about 250k through each. Neither call me more than once a month (5-10 Min) and I have gone quarters with out actually talking to them. One is a local VAR the other a national chain (rot13 PQJ). Neither of them sell me anything, what the do is offer purching opportunities to help me alleviate pain points at my company. Frankly they may know my company better than I do. They both are perfect *partners*. Conversely, I get cold called all the time and none of them have closed.
What is the Sales response to "I'm interested but not this quarter/year call me back in six months"?
I love it.
&gt; How much money are you losing by not handling this now?" My response to that is typically $0. I dont want you to know my internal number and leverage that for later.
&gt; two guys Guy and a woman WFIW. Heck my PQJ guy has not sold me anything in months and he still took me to 3 sporting games and a dinner. We talked business 75% of the time. From that he knows I'm spending probably 200k on storage and 150k of VoIP this year. However like I said, he rarely calls me to sell. Only to touch base and keep his pipeline working. I wish every rep was like that.
&gt; T&amp;E case Travel and expense?
He didnt even go to Buffalo first. You traded him to the Islanders for a 4th rounder.
They got brought over when we hired a new director.
Yea, problem is the goals would roll into both nets with that line, a questionable D and no goalie as of yet.
9 F and 6 D. Three lines is the future. /s
If you have carpet I've found that baking soda sprinkled on the carpet 15-20 before vacuuming help remove many of the smells.
Sound good. There you go Detroit (four 2nd rounders and two 3rds) I know you are going to pick some Scandinavian I've never head of who turns out to be an all star. Actually now that I think about it that might be a fair trade. I doubt it happens but the value according to charts is actually right. It's also a heck of a way to start a rebuild. http://donttellmeaboutheart.blogspot.com/2014/11/nhl-draft-pick-value-chart.html
33 overall but not 16.
Fred Jackson. Good RB who gets supplanted time and time again yet still would be a starter on half the teams, which I believe the *the* definition of the Dalton line.
Nor do we need to worry about cap hit for the next two years. Not a lot of teams can absorb $8Mil/yr.
Dont forget 900k+ of that can get buried in the AHL if need be. For a 500k cap hit he could, if need be, mentoring the kids in the last year.
It would mean Buffalo gets the best draft pick.
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=amazon+glacier+encryption Q: Is my data encrypted? Yes, all data in the service will be encrypted on the server side. Amazon Glacier handles key management and key protection for you. Amazon Glacier uses one of the strongest block ciphers available, 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-256). 256-bit is the largest key size defined for AES. Customers wishing to manage their own keys can encrypt data prior to uploading it. http://aws.amazon.com/glacier/faqs/ Having said that, since they manage the keys you could make the argument that is not as secure as it could be.
So what is Toronto trading Kessel for and how will it help the Leafs win the cup...
You're trying to get all the NPR strippers to come over aren't you. I see your ulter motives.
Just pulled in.
It was nice meeting you and your wife who apparently moved under table via magic.
Well you could measure once and cut twice. Either way there will always be three actions.
Close enough is good enough for me!
ITT tech = trashcan
Rehire Nonis. Otherwise i think the leafs have done a good enough job on their own.
I edited an HP option in as well if you could ballpark that.
Where did you pull those photos from? I'd love to see some old aerial photos to see Tampa's growth.
Well there goes my weekend.
Awesome!
And to think our cheap ass team let him walk for money. While I like Eric Wood that was not close to a fair deal. SMH
Lord knows we have enough practice with booing his father.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves now.
&gt; "lol no one hacks" I had the same thought for a while. My response was always that "perhaps the player is just better than you." then I watched a few games as spectator. You see someone move to where their target will be in 3 seconds which is not possible if the target is on the other side of a wall. 30 degree tuns for a perfect headshot while the sniper is running, etc... Funny thing is if they turned the amount of improbability down a bit to just help a little as compared to a lot I dont think you would get anyone complaining as noone would know. One of there days I should probably get a paid copy of LMAO and test it out to see exactly how it works. OTOH I'm not 15 and have a life outside.
My first thought was Risto plus the Buffalo first. Too high a price on the Buffalo side and probably not enough for Oil fans.
If you are referring to my second paragraph I meant more in the hook Wireshark and IDA pro up and see what it actually does.
I doubt it. TM seems really happy with a 1/2 punch of Eichel/Samson. Also the trade of Kane makes no sense in that context.
I'm thinking the top of the Riv.
Wait, Buffalo has a 1st string QB?
EKane is 24, you dont get him to build a core around 20-24 year olds (EKane, Samson, Grigs, Ennis, Risto, etc...) just to move a 20 year old for an 18 year old in a position that will take longer to develop (Hanifin) or is not as good relative to the core (Strome/Marmer) in two years.
I swear pyro is the most thankless job next to medic. You spend the whole game spy checking so nobody get back-stabbed and your team is like "W+M1 pyro!!"
We really need a Larry Robinson award for best defensive D-man.
In south Buffalo those dogs are solid 8s.
So Boston now has 13, 14 and 15.
I read that as "to get (attack) (Ryan) Miller"
Wait he got shadowbanned? How did i miss this?
Yes.
/u/trollabot kenfury
Its not that he cant skate, its that his shot suppression is in the bottom 5% of the league.
Oh God, you are giving me Tim and Sid flashbacks. You monster!
I didn't see the word smuggling anywhere in /u/Drop_The_puck post. Don't get your jump to conclusions mat out yet. EDIT: frankly after what happened years ago in regards to another hockey board, defamation lawsuits, and a certain GM that reminds me of a hedgehog I'd keep my mouth shut until facts come out.
July and August
NHL contracted players on one way deals do count against the cap. However the first 900k or so of a players contact does not count against the cap. So in this case it is a wash, in Mike Richards case LA still had a multi-million cap hit.
I cant even.
He was in a bench clearing brawl in the KHL. Vityaz vs Avangard
You are one of the lucky 10,000 today. Seriously, It's pretty good.
Let's also not forget who never shows up to the whole North Tampa Cabal/meetup
A bit cool, so we are taking the Florida table.
Well it was Knight.
How about a 3 way? I havent seen one of those in a while. Buff --&gt; TBL, Harmonic --&gt; WPG, Drouin --&gt; NYI DO IT! Note: this probably will not reflect actual value.
Funny, I thought you could only get that at the nightclubs in Montreal.
Yea, it was more to keep the wild ride going.
Can we get some JR or Milbury impressions?
Well Halak and Stewart got you Miller and Ott.
&gt; Harmonic Auto-correct and I have a love/hate relationship.
Because we have a league that does it best to enforce a culture of conformist, milquetoast people who dont celebrate.
&gt; The kind of applicant I want to hire does not ask open, fluffy questions like this. &gt; &gt; The kind of applicant I want to hire has already researched broad, open topics like this, and already knows the generalized answer. &gt; &gt; The kind of applicant I want to hire asks specific, detailed questions - and provides a reference or hint to where they base their current half-assumption to what the answer might be. Amen Brother!
Plus, Tampa is generally regarded as having some of the top talent in the Single Mothers of America Foundation.
I would argue you are poorer for not having that experience in life, but to each their own.
I'm guessing you had your shoes licked right in front of Steak-Out? He was famous for that corner. Imagine my surprise when i moved to Tampa and found we had one as well. Do you remember Starchild who sold stuff in front of the UU church on Ferry?
I just arrived with cow-orker in tow.
The most serious parody album. If you look at who is playing the instruments it's a who's who of nashville.
It close but i think they will need to add a conditional mid round pick for the value to be right.
Or Ralph Wilson. IIRC he was the only one who refused to let the Brown leave.
What does that say that the two closest teams as well as AFL orignals (Steelers and Bills) didn't want them to move. Plus Raiders abstained
After the shitshow that was the WPG thread I'm glad to have a nice thread.
if the NHL wanted to increase scoring, they could also start calling any one of the 50+ interferences in the neutral zone as well as the "finishing the check" BS this league has decided is acceptable.
&gt; I was instructed to demote the existing VMs, remove them from the domain, power them off, then bring up the new DCs using the same hostname and IP as the VM being replaced. Why?! Build new DCs, let them co-exist, Promote new DC, move roles over if you have any (DNS, DHCP, etc..) demote the old DC, power off old DC. There should be a few days between each of those steps as well as verification nothing broke.
Unless you have a win2k enviroment there are no PDC/BDC, however it is used as short hand by many a greybeard for FSMO roles.
For years the Hackers on Planet Earth used a very similar setup for all of their core routing. IIRC it was mainly because BSD would not fall over on one of the more hostile environments on the earth.
I you are going to do Miller, you might as well look at the 5th rd pick we got him with and where that pick came from. The Mogilny tree is amazing.
In case anyone stumbles on this thread, to get tr_walkway to work you must enter in the console sv_cheats 1 sv_allow_point_servercommand always *before* you open tr_walkway otherwise there will be no bots.
Powerjack cant remove sappers.
If so i certainly don't remember nor approve of it.
There's dozens of us, dozens.
It looks like the next bout is February 27th.
I knew the Caps were having a good year but 33-7-3 is impressive.
I add about a teaspoon of A1 steaksauce and about a tablespoon of bread crumbs as an eat able binder. To each their own.
Yea, all they do is win.
Confirmed drunk advice.
http://imgur.com/knzIP4b
Young, top pairing LHD to work with Risto for the next 5 years.
What took you so long? I started hours ago.
Brigading by a bunch of groups including the "younger" podcasters, Sportsnet personalities, reddit, and anyone who enjoys sticking their thumb in the stodgy NHL. A lot of people got behind it.
Or Mike Modino
Wosh!
I've taken that train 3 times in the last two year and it is packed. Doubly so once you consider the hours that it travels at. I would think a thrice a day train would be a boon.
SD only but still better than nothing. Thanks
short answer not really http://schizophreniabulletin.oxfordjournals.org/content/36/1/26.full
I'd be happy for a Bills game that matters in December.
This season was over after the KC game.
&gt; The phrase I hate using the most is "power event". "Multiple and simultaneous backhoe events"
Yes. I have my personal account, with a roaming profile, email, IM, etc... This is a regular user with no special rights I have a separate kenfury-admin account that holds domain admin. This account has no userland access, no email, no SMB share, etc... This account is only for admin tasks.
Ouch.
That is all I have wanted. Keep the 4k, I'll watch 2560x1440 @ 60fps all day.
It's really split. There are a lot of Yankee fans but there are a bunch of anti-yankee fans (BoSox/Mets) then depending who has the parent rights to our AAA team and who is hot some fans of them (Indians or Jays). Mostly though it's just apathy.
He can get RoR money just not RoR term. I dont think many teams would complain about a 6.5, 5.5, 4 on a three year deal. However contracts cant backdive like that anymore. Instead it has to look like a 5.5, 5.5, 5.0
Dangle will be out of a bunch of material.
Boooo!
I'm guessing Tommy Salo is #1.
I dont know about that. While the Habs may have all the cups much like the Yankees, I've always thought the Leafs were they Yankees/Cowboys of the NHL.
&gt; Until I learn otherwise I'm going to assume they're spammers trying to get their hands on clean IP addresses. Yes that is correct
Are the leafs going to stay down in Florida for the next few days to get some golf practice in?
Drunken pirates. It's gasparilla this weekend which is a bunch of pirate themed drinking and partying outside.
Watch the replay behind the TBL icing line. I thought it was an elbow at first but the replay shows a fery different picture
The ASG was the swan song of DiPietro's career. I still remember something along the lines of "I busted my knee". He was never the same after.
third-ed. Is there a mechanism for a 30 day ban for first time offenders as compared to a permaban?
I think Bettman just had a stroke
Another option of things you can do is take the #20 bus (or a cab) up to the top of Elmwood and walk from Buffalo State college/Art Gallery south for about two or three miles toward the arena, There are quite a number of cafes, shops, and bars. You can do it as quickly as about an hour or it can take an entire afternoon or evening depending on your pace. it also has the benefit of a variable pricing you could literally spend as little as $2 each for bus fare.
I left the start time open. Historically we said 1pm and some people showed up a bit early to help setup while others did not roll in until 3 or 4. Thoughts about what I should edit starting time to?
I'll bring some citronella candles to help a bit.
Those are not so hot anymore.
I've been to some pretty hard partying multiday events in weather just as hot as Florida and the only real issues we typically see is people not hydrating enough. Barring opiates/coke it's really hard to OD. It is really easy to be need a few liters of saline.
Exactly. The number of times I've gone to a festival and carried extra water with me and given it to people saying "you look hot, remember to hydrate" and you can see the thought process go "oh yea, water i should have that" is amazing. The other real issue is that by the time you are dangerously dehydrated you are not thirsty nor sweating.
I'm not mad you posted this, I'm mad you beat me to it.
Come to the meetup and find /u/Elkanor
Oh boy. Thats going to be a fun/dangerous 16 hours.
See this is the kind of out-of the box thinking /r/tampa needs.
Are you bringing water balloons?
I'm also always down for a game.
I would love if the tf2maps.net servers somehow could get into the official beta rotation. Instead we have 100 valve servers sitting empty with either MM, MvM, passtime running.
I'd rather you build up your tele to Level 2 so I dont have to walk than have your gun up to Lv 3. "Sentrys get kills, Dispensers save lives, Teleporters win games"
I'm not into victim blaming (much) but how freaking stupid do these guys have to be? Show a little situational awareness.
Nothing good happens After 2 A.M. would be a starter. I'd also follow that with don't go north of Palm.
Thats right boyo get those pucks in deep, go hard into the dirty areas, and keep your stick ready. Now I'm not saying a russian cant do it they just dont like it like a good old Ontariu'h boy.
Coming? It's already here. Have you been on 56 lately?
I came here to post "Shut up Harrington you cock" thank you for doing my work for me.
I still miss Bob Cole and Harry Neale.
I sugguested a simple change not to long ago, cut down half an inch or so on the cheater and make the glove look like a glove as compared to a Jai Alai glove. http://imgur.com/1aEnYKI EDIT: I love it 4 responses, three of them saying one of the suggestions is fine and another is a bad idea. The fourth says its where we are going. So we are no closer to a consensus.
yea, it was a lazy line on the thumb, the line should have been about half an inch further out.
I'm not suggesting just chopping off the tip, you would also shallow the pocket. I was playing with my glove at home and you can do it. Think of the difference between a baseball catchers mitt, vs a fielders glove.
Would you be willing to go back to stick technology in the 90s if it meant that goalie pads would also go down? Baseball allows only wooden bats, hockey could ban one piece composite stick if they really wanted to.
I figure I should be there around 9 or so.
Also if anyone wants a distraction there is wrestling next door if you are into that type of thing
Who are you again?
And you know it wont be framed as a hate crime.
I met Gordie once and had the privilege of shaking his hand. This was twenty years ago and i was a teenager. His hands were like cinder blocks both in sheer size and hardness. I've never seen hands like that.
The hacker in me loves the 2600:: is a telecom
Perhaps i have not had my coffee yet but its unclear if you are moving out and looking for a new place or if you are looking for another tenant.
More importantly for $3 you can buy a key from steam. Then go to scrap.ft sell the key for 19 ref, you can then trade the 19 ref for 171 scrap metal which will get you pretty much all the basic weapons you would want, a backpack expander and perhaps even a taunt or a few basic cosmetics.
Are you coming out to global reddit meetup day next weekend at Al Lopez park? There should be about 10-15 engineers there and an equal number of programmers. Bring a few cards, talk to people, even if no one there can get you a job, somebody knows somebody. Tampa is pretty small.
That joke is too hot to handle.
2nd and a 3rd coming back to the Blackhawks.
2nd and a 3rd coming back to the Blackhawks.
No kidding, we've missed you.
Paging /u/Elkanor. Elkanor to the white courtesy phone.
Sabres list http://i.imgur.com/rvo1tq8.png Note I only protected 6 of 7 forwards as I think they are going to get a UFA over the summer who they will want to protect.
Yea! always great to make new friends.
Nah, we're really nice. I moved down here knowing nobody and now I have 20 or so of my closest friends. Bonus we are surprisingly well adjusted.
Same here. Blue = userland Orange = trunks Red = crossover Yellow = servers White = not ethernet purple = drac and kvm green = VoIP EDIT: forgot to add Pink = POTS
Pyros are crazy W+M1 with no skills and will happily die to burn everyone. It's not 100% true, I use M2 sometimes.
Perfect. Thanks
The big meetup is next week.
I think the real question is "are you actually showing up tonight?"
Is your roomie still in post cup afterglow?
I agree however there is something to be said for the zealotry of Winn.
It's a testament to her skills that I hated her so much.
So much this. When I started my current job there were no enterprise dracs and when things when sideways I had to drive to get on site. So much pain. After I layed out the costs vs additional downtime (not much ROI on my convenience so that was not a compelling argument) we moved to enterprise dracs. Now in the rare occourance where a server goes down we can power cycle or KVM into it from anywhere. So many man hours saved.
Who has over 10M in free space next year, and is not operating under a self imposed cap? TOR BUF FLA ? BOS ARZ ? NJD CAR
Dont you have an internal cap lower than the actual cap?
Buffalo, a LHD to pair with Risto preferably under 25, although we are open to an aging vet.
How many do you want for a Ryan McDonagh?
Dont forget dumping Pomminville.
Honestly you need to see it through. Dump Chara for picks (you should have done that last year) probably Seidenberg as well. If you dont you will end up holding the bag on aging vets like NYR and VAN.
Best thing the Canucks can do is move the twins for picks/prospects and burn it to the ground.
Oh, I forgot about the whole not paying him part.
Congrats on the new place BTW.
The monk was awesome
It's not just you I'm seeing it as well. It's also only this sub as far as I can see. WTF
Me as well. Been divorced, I know that story.
If Chychrun is there at 8, Buffalo says thank you. Same with Juolevi.
I think they are nuts to offer 12M. Let him go somewhere else and be their cap problem. Only exception is if it a two years deal but that makes no sense in other ways.
Ennis was in Jr he has been a winger in the NHL. Gigs or Samson is going to probably slide to winger as well
Yes however, one of Girgensons or Reinhart is probably go to move to wing. I'm hoping Girgs as I think his game translates to NHL winger better.
Nick Deslaures. At least he is not Tanner Glass.
Bishop?
Free diarrhea tonight!
Until it is confirmed by Bobby Mac it's not true.
Nine Eleven is good but for me, nothing beats Mammoser's Hot dry wings.
I sure as hope not. Personally I hope it's just TM fucking with TOR and DET.
Tim Murray
8OA is too expensive for Fowler IMHO. His advanced stats are really not that good.
Im shocked to find gambling going on in this establishment
No, Souix, No.
Bettman on stage at 4:20. How perfect.
Only Vegas, league of 31.
A few words to our fans in French "TaBarnak"
"Fuck you, you shit!" ?
No teams relocating. Sure thing Gary. You would never use leverage.
Do you know how to play shiny hockey?
To wrap this up. Fuck you Bettman you cock.
Would it really be fair to the new kid to start them in the central? Thats like starting Mike Tyson Punch out vs Mr. Sandman
I've taken an Lyft several times from Ybor around that time. You should be good.
I've had trouble catching one in Wesley Chapel around that area. It's pretty hit and miss.
I'm pretty sure my flair once was "Bringing down property values in Wesley Chapel" or "De-gentrifying Pasco" so you may be on to something.
Does anyone have name tags? If so can you bring them?
I cant wait to have a reason to properly hate Toronto again.
Plus Domi/Ray https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTch9TfexJE
If Ennis was not coming off a concussion it would be a very good starting point. But Ennis is hurt and I dont know if ANH wants to gamble on what might be damaged goods.
Thats some expert level trolling there
How long until the Toronto media starts the crucifixion ?
Whoa. That means EDM had to take pool party and not a D right?
The oil phone must be ringing off the hook.
4 forwards and 1 defenseman is the new meta.
Fuck.
VAN has needed a new GM for a while now.
I dont want to get off Bettman's wild ride.
TM looks a bit stressed
Wow. Not a D. They could not pass up nylander though.
Shh...
The season is a lot more fun when your team wins cups.
Its best if we dont discuss his age.
&gt; Hey, I don't know anyone going All the more reason to come and meet some new people. &gt; What time should I get there and is there anything that we need? I'm going to be there around noon to setup. Most people roll in around 1. Feel free to bring anything you want. Ice and charcoal are always handy, as is a game.
&gt; Never Have I Ever Yes please
I remember watching Beach in the WHL and thinking he looked like a can't miss guy.
Well he does laudertun.
The Avs. Which would have been hilarious.
&gt; Other violent crimes also increased, with the exception of fondling, which decreased slightly by 0.5 percent. I did my part this year to keep the numbers up. I dont know about the rest of you slackers.
Oh yea, because our GM would never say that. The only reason I doubt it is GMTM is because Murray would not be "One GM' he would sign his name.
Considering he was pretty much what a lot of Jets fans said he was I dont think so.
Thats not the damn point. Sooner or later the democratic party need to acknowledge (and pander) to it left wing and not always run to the center. They lost in 2000 because, among other reasons, they let Nader run on the left flank. If the republican was anyone other than trump they would be in the same danger with a Jill Stein type draining Sanders supporters from the left wing.
&gt; Yeah, I'm foolishly giving them the benefit of the doubt that it isn't still a line of business critical application... Oh you sweet summer child
Not true. Moulson can be exposed.
Ha jokes on you. I'm still fresh meat. /sob
If Cactus Canyon is released does that mean we could see some of the "beta" maps released? Sunshine, Alloy, sulfur, corrode, would be nice.
That's a shame I wish some of those maps got more game play. They are fun but until they get more support than a sparsely populated tf2maps server they will not get enough traction.
SSD master race
I was planning on backing up and restoring my sprays. It was more thinking of the old windows DLL hell or SxS issues. I've been playing on the same machine since end of the line and didnt know if there was value in being proactive with neato coming out.
thanks!
I could sue you 100k for making me feel bad. it doesnt mean it will hold up in court.
So what you are saying is that you could be a Sabres fan and keep your existing hatreds.
Fine Add in Barrie for Gally to the trade.
Sure you do. Nov 11th, Nov 12th, and Feb 6th.
Ottawa for an aging Anderson?
Yes, dont go. It's terrible and expensive. You would hate it.
Agreed. Its expensive, boring and not at all interesting. Plus the bugs last year, and the mud the year before. You would hate it.
Im 38 and feel the same way. Then i met a great group who play both comp and pubs, have skill but are not platinum. Most importantly we have fun, we laugh, and we enjoy the game. No anger or hate.
I know it feels disgusting, but /u/tpiddles121 is right.
Buffalo 14 checking in
This Samsonov is pretty good, eh?
That or methford.
I think many of us are watching WJC tonight.
Great thing is that we could use this in the sabres thread as well
That's an awfully weak cross check
So refs, you know all those penalties you call? Could you take about 20% off.
So say we all
Doesn't matter, still watching the game.
Great job by Roy to drag that pack just enough to change the angle and keep it away from the defenseman
And Montreal strippers
A fool and his gold will soon be parted. We (usa) got this
I actually prefer Jr for the poor defensive play
My heart..
Two min left in a tied championship game. Nothing is getting called
Welcome to junior hockey
neck gaurd to stop another Zhednek/Malarchuk
Well about that...
It was nice knowing you
You could really see it the last five to six minutes OT
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/UNrwVejAI-M/hqdefault.jpg
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/UNrwVejAI-M/hqdefault.jpg
100% agreed. I loved the hit but concussions are serious and long term health is a serious thing. I wish nothing but the best for Laine
Why not both?
&gt; Also, a friend was surprised that keeping their drinking water unfrozen ended up being a problem that needed to be addressed. To say nothing of the propane. We had to build a fire around the tanks to keep them from freezing. Let me tell you propane on a fire got some looks at first. Pro-tip; if white Dragon noodle bar is there enjoy the soup. If tottenkitten is there make friends as they burn right. Wind shelter is a real thing
I actually like Kamp Kevin
We have a rule that specifies; IF the email contains SSN (via regex) AND the connection is (not secure) ENCRYPT or use secure 3rd party gateway ELSE (do nothing)
oh my sweet summer child, those cakes sure do look tasty don't they?
The joke can die when this team stops being a joke a delivers a cake with out razors (playoffs). I've been through wide right, I've been through music city miracle. It's embarrassing
&gt; earned my degree in Florida Gun Laws from Reddit University. It is my understanding that the 'Bama fans could have confronted the guy about the scam and then shot him dead out of fear for their lives thanks to the Stand Your Ground stuff. Tampa resident here. The above is true.
If this team had a blue line they might not suck
Also a bills/bucs fan. We sure do love suffering
spam
Leftist anarchism through direct Action. If you drew a venn diagram they would have most of OWS in them and overlap with some of the black bloc.
And sysadmins are building maintainers and equipment suppliers.
I thought it was out, then I saw the replay. What a catch!
That's a hard no
Just sprains and pulled muscles.
...is fucked
If gretzky could be traded...
They will continue to break the law, that's their point
For SoCal it's low. But it's a job and gets more experience, there is nothing to say you cant move on in two years with some solid "wins" under your belt.
Well shit. You know me and poor decisions, on my way
Thank you for the citation.
One person said I hope he stubs his toe going to bed tonight, everyone else seems to be happy that he is doing well. We hate the pats but wish Hogan well.
I'm really glad for him.
three areas Ybor - walkable, in your price range, a bit rough sometimes SoHo - walkable, probably a bit high in the price, safe Seminole Heights - fairly walkable depending on the area, in your price range. I can't speak to St Pete
See SoHo
They are not illegals, they have alternate citizenship.
Can you get anything in Hyde Park/SoHo for less than 1300?
Sniper snipin' bro. Hold my spitter
How do you think Arizona feels?
That's how I do it. Don't forget to punch a police horse as is tradition.
https://twitter.com/Register_com/status/825036934443630595 Resolved
But those are the best states
FWIW I know there people that have started their immigration papers. All have their post graduate diploma and make six figures. There is a real brain drain from the US to Canada
Doing God's work
At about 4:30 yakety sax started playing in my head
We need defensive help badly.
Shop Gointa and Gorges. Pick up a young non expansion elgible top pairing LHD (Fleury, Pouliot) to play with Risto but that's unrealistic.
He was a positional sound defense man who lost a step and struggles to keep up. it doesnt help the Disco Dan keeps wanting to play him against tough QoC when he really should be a 5/6.
How about one Josh Gorges?
In response to /u/BarefootDogTrainer From a possession and shot point of view, it tells us a lot of what we already know. Larsson, Gio and Foligno did a lot of work where it started in their own zone against good players. They got out shot. Gorges and Risto has the same problem but not quite as bad. Grant played few minutes, and when he did play it was against the other teams worse players. He still sucked. Des played a little more than Grant but he still played against bad players. Des also sucked. Baptiste played even easier minutes that Grant and Des. Still no good from there either. Falk and Fedun played in the offensive zone against bad players but did well with "easy minutes". Bogo, RoR and Okposo played against good players and did well. Eich also played against good players but did not do as well.
Service guarantees citizanship, would you like to know more?
But yours was.
Building a strong AHL team that is aligned with the system the Pro team play tends to help.
As much as I love the idea of Botts as Sabres GM, the idea if him fixing the shitshow in Rochester makes me so much happier.
FWIW, it much easier to do on the left coast, or the northeast where the governor has your back. As elections have shown Florida is very swingy
4 Count 1.92Tb Read intensive SSD for Dell compellent SC-220/SC4020 6Gb/12Gb SAS 2.5 HDD in tray for SFF arrays? Probably part HUSMR1619ASS200, but might show up as 01NFN7
Not quite what you are talking about but I came close to one today. Exchange has been having backpressue issues for about six months but it was deemed acceptable as people did not notice a 20 min delay in mail. I've argued my case for months but it was not considered a priority. Drives too small, plus CPU and RAM bound. In short a cluster fuck. Yesterday the shit hit the fan with three or four hours delay of mail. We have a meeting to determine root cause in which I explain the issue for the tenth time. However this time there are new stakeholders (Directors/VP of Non-IT business units) who are interested in remediation plans as it directly impacted their work. It started out as why I did not see this coming and what can we do to fix this. I spend 5 minutes going through my email to find the proposal I sent out months ago that was denied by the same person who asked me why I did not see this coming. It has all of the resources needed, compatibility matrices, failover plans, and change control proposals. Instant approval from the business as I had all of my ducks 100% in a row months ago.
I yam what I yam and that's all what I yam. Also when did I become Boopsie?
Dont forget Lyle "Cornelius" Odelien
I thought of it but I have to deal with this person for two more years. If I throw them under the bus publicly I gain nothing except an enemy. People who need to know he sucks already know, no reason to air that laundry in public to other departments as it undermines my position.
I have a VAR who handles that storage array but they are slow. I assume it ducks things up if I get you involved?
Can we call it the cheektavegas accords?
only 1 Ref
Gateway to the Caribbean
Nashville is loud and lit
Brass bonanza on the organ!
App is crashing for many
Don't forget drinking.
Why were Kessel and Kunitz the last two back? Where were the D?
I can.
Hence the nickname Husqvarna Phil
Shouldn't you be in the_donald?
I swear to god Steward, do you know what the queers are doing to the soil?
I thought that was the Habs
&gt; Jesus where did all the Irish people come from!! 2 years here and I don't think I've met this many here! As long as we dont let the Scots in the Irish can stay.
I hate Philly, but I respect your fan bases passion and knowledge of the game.
Competition committee can suck a bag of dicks
What are the odd PITT turns in a bunch of sore losers and we start see I g a bunch of 10 min misconduct?
I LOVE IT
Edging until the series is over
Wait, I thought it was millionaire mac and cheese last year
I'm sure the mac and cheese is just as good though
First two rows of upperbowl, off the corner where my team shoots twice.
&gt; because I thought it was always the network to blame. Sysadmin blames the network, network blames firewall, firewall blames code, coders blame the sysadmin. It's the circle of life. Also everyone blames storage.
Because they dont understand it, therefore it must be to blame. Same reason systems blames networking. "Systems look fine, must be storage or the network" without really doing anything other than looking at SCOM/Nagios
Do you know how hard it is to fly to the Sun? It's easier to fly to Jupiter then the Sun, than it is to fly the Sun directly.
Our D is trash other than Risto and McCabe as a good 3/4.
calvin de haan
That's Winnipeg
Stop! Stop! He's already dead.
Agreed, I picked up a DD6300 with 34Tb for about 40k including 3yr warranty. I am currently getting 24x data compression/dedupe. Plus DDBoost is a wonderful thing.
Hanifin for Sam Reinhart makes so much sense.
If you have physical access pretty much every box is comprised
Don't forget the upper middle class has a bunch of deductions that the poor do not, mortgage interest deduction, college education deduction, deferred taxes on 401k, etc...
Not just the student gets deductions. For example I pay my son's tuition, that's a write off for me and my bracket. IIRC that 3k straight rebate, now add in the 10k in mortgage interest, and another 5k in 401k. I have successfully dodge about 20k in taxes on a 30k tax bill on my income. This is a real world example that is my tax bill.
I do not pay taxes on the 5k I put into the 401k. I will when I take it out but at a much lower rate. I pay $50 through HR block to do my taxes. I add $100 every bi-weekly check and had a return around 10k this year.
Even a AA player is an elite player.
Waiting for the Kane for Kane deal
A is the lowest level where players make the equivalent of minimum wage and are playing at that level for love of the game or no other skills. AAA players are top tier prospects or vets on their way out. AAA are the first to get called up to MLB. AAA players make a solid wage or 250k+ yr. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minor_League_Baseball
Serious question, why? I thought it was a straight line item deduction for the first couple of grand.
I've been there. Think of every 25 year old party person, but now they have money and zero fucks. It's a cross between a Jimmy Buffet show, swingers, and Sodom and Gomorrah. The landing will out party any frat.
Quick question is their pricing based on call volume or number of users? I have a ton of users that are accustomed to having a fax DID even if they only use it once a year.
Thanks!
I'd rather play (remember it is a game) with someone who is OK and not a dick than someone is slightly better and a cancerous personality. Also attitude does affect your gameplay as well, sometimes you need to let go a bit, get in the zone and things start coming to you. That's a life lesson.
Trying to make Hot Chicken for the first time. Wish me luck
Look at Kessel working the boards. Great shift. Someone get him a hot dog as a reward
Ahh... So now it's slow whistle time I see
93 Doug Gilmour bad
And a wife beater and Nazi apologest
I don't know what you are talking about. Now if you excuse me I'm off to drink heavily for the rest of the night
Some people just want to watch the world burn
Matta has not looked good this series
Again the league taking the excitement out of a moment.
Nashville had their first and last goals taken away by the refs.
And 0 goals.
Party in the cottages
Any idea of how much salary retained?
Should have been.
I'd rather do it in two steps to be sure. Transfer FSMO, then wait a day, then decommission
I just found out yesterday we opened an office in LA when users called because they could not access our internal apps. Sales turned up an entire office including ordering switches, internet access and asking for 5 additional PCs for the San Diego office and then driving them up to LA. There will be meeting about that today both for going way outside of compliance as well as lying to me.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_privilege
But we need it for $program to work. - Vendor fucking you
Aristocratic Deep south.
Appropriate responses to Sessions documents. == "aw hell no"
Why can you not discuss the reason for the Termination?
An expert demonstration in "how to run the clock out and ramble"
Blank stare from Sessions, "I dont recall."
The internet never forgets
80Gb thin for VMs with almost all data on a separate drive. About 25% of the machines are "exceptions" and get pushed to 120. Physical get 240/256Gb SSD.
I'm 40 and I know some of my questions are stupid. That's OK though. Through stupid questions we gain understanding.
Carry less stuff? How much do you need? Wallet, phone, and smokes if you smoke.
Good point on keys. I tend to have two separate rings, my daily carry (house, car, work) and the big key chain (shed, safe, backup keys for friends, desk, etc...) I forgot about the second ring. Also things like gerber and toner go in my briefcase so I did not count that either.
I bet you I could do it with Irbe
Agreed. Everything before Joshua Tree is varying levels of good, everything after varying levels of bad.
Just hope for no dead wife.
Stove = lukewarm
I'm pretty sure EKane9 would be dead from too much partying the next day.
Whether we want Moulson or Ennis to get taken. We actually would be OK with both.
Headline: Weber for Suban Flair: Yannick Weber for Malcolm Subban
Drury for Reinprecht for Ballard?
Full on off-season Shit posting is here
Ekane9 + a 2nd for a legit top pairing LHD.
Which Nylander?
Also Vegas could flip Neal/Jarnkrok for way more than 29th overall
My self as well. Fuck
It was nice knowing you Dotchin
Ennis over Carrier? Carrier has a future as a very good grinder with nice advanced stats, Ennis is a shell of what he used to be.
I'm surprised Dotchin got exposed
True but he is great 3/415th liner who has good analytics and is cost controlled for a long time
Id rather have an effective 3rd liner in Carrier than an ineffective 2nd liner in Ennis.
Sometimes the jokes write themselves. You have one of my fuzzy blue balls. Could I have my balls back?
Buffalo in the 80s?
Do you know how the internet runs on computer code? - Yes I manage and run the stuff the code runs on.
Ekane9
Restore FSMO?
Swingier than a squirrel nut zipper show
I was expecting Ossoff up by at least 60-40 on early voting with a slow narrowing to 51/52 - 48/49. Not looking good for the D
Typically first
Ahh. TIL
As Marek said, its a party at the beginning but at the end of the night you have to pay the bill. Seabrook took a deal that won you three cups, now is the time to pay the bill on those three cups.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601 We have standards
I would love to see a behind the scenes camera crew documenting all the calls in the last 72 hours put out in about a year
So about the same as normal? :)
Why did we protect Ennis over Carrier?
Not allowed to trade back to original team
So no one got slapped on the pee-pee?
Two weeks in and I already have irrational disdain for Botts
something something, wheel, snipe and moms
WPG and CBJ are unimpressed..
Lehner is a capable goalie, loss of Carrier, at this point no real moves to fix the blueline.
Sweet Jesus Engelland is jacked
Maybe Patrick or Liljegren. I think everyone could use a season of marinating.
Sooner or later this team will have to draft a defenseman
Depending on the condition but that's a horrible overpayment for STL
That worked out so well for the Oil.
Just what buffalo needs, more skill based centers.
When your top centers are Holzinger, Plante, and Peca (who I love as a 2/3C) it's a pretty bad team.
Yes hobo
watch he gets 10 as a bank surface from Crosby
Clearly 8 years at league minimum because of endorsements.
Having gone through this previously there really should be a large stick labeled "do not edit default domain policy" If anyone touches default domain policy that's a paddlin'
If your systems use dynamic disks I think you have much larger problems than Malware
25% black, 25% Hispanic, 5% Asian, 5% Native, and 40% White could be a thing. AKA a plurality
They are a hack and have a tenancy to break in spectacular ways with no warning. They are a warning sign that people did things in a way to "just make it work now!". For me it's a red flag that IT either does not know what they are doing, is under-budgeted, or does not control their own infrastructure.
Thats exactly what I was thinking. Back in the mid 2000s Othello/MLK was a neighborhood just like that. I dont know if Link Light Rail changed that.
Pyro update on the Pyro holiday (4th of July) ?
Fireworks and PYROtechnics
