Can't they do something useful, like target those assholes with the really loud vehicles?
The Button would have died in April had not CPR been performed on its scurvy arse, and multiple times at that: Damn button had more lives than Black Beard's cat. Nice to be a green though, even if all I do is lurk, smurk and occasionally service the [Blue Turk.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iPHmjHnbuE) Cheers and all hail [Eris](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discordianism) and the Emerald Council.
Refreshing to see a young person with great skin who hasn't ruined it with permanent tats. I understand that it's a generational thing, but for most of my life the tattoo has been the visual mark of stupid, so it is hard to get past the prejudice concerning tattoos.
Needs some green ones.
Yes, that is why I qualified my statement with the "...of my life..." phrase.
Oh, I don't hate them at all. I seem to spend a fair amount of time looking at them and admire much of the art involved. That said, it is the "permanent" attribute which makes them a really bad idea for most people. When tattoos can be written one day and otherwise changed/erased the next, I'll get one put on my middle finger as a show and tell device. :)
Ah, learned something new today, thanks all!
I too have been using this mod heavily the past month or so and it really changes the game in interesting ways. For instance, as long as you stay away from Helgen and don't choose one of the alternate lives which start the main quest, then there is no main quest -- no dragon born, no dragons, no Miraak cultists from Solstheim trying to kill you for no good reason (dragon born envy, wtf!) The most interesting of the half-dozen alternate lives I've tried was the "Left for Dead" life which had my character wake up on the far side of Solstheim over by the Dwarven ruins, with nothing but miner clothes and boots. At least she had boots. No weapons. With some careful movement and some swimming, I made it to Raven Rock, went to where the guard captain fights the ash spawn, looted the gear off the dead guard, helped kill off the remaining ash spawn and thus had the best gear of any start yet: Full bone mold gear with elven sword and bow/arrows. This mod is really valuable and well done. When used in conjunction with Familiar Faces (sorry, can't link to nexusmods, they are down or something) it is even better yet. When used with a follower mod like AFT or EFF, it makes previous characters of yours available as followers. I didn't think too much about this until I actually tried it. All my frustrations (well, most of them -- voice acting limitations are really annoying) with followers made by other people went away when I could use my own previous characters as followers.
Yet my path was the exact opposite: Started with Slackware in 1996, now I'm so f-in' lazy the closest I get to real work is installing Openbox on Ubuntu -- and that's for my working account. My regular surf-da-web account is pure Ubuntu.
Yeah, I can relate to that: Can't do computing of a serious nature on anything other than a modern UNIX. Even though I did get my Solaris Admin cert many years ago, I was always trying to make it look like my Linux boxen -- putting Windowmaker and gnu tools on it, creating a frankenix. Now it's just Linux -- Ubuntu linux for now. Your post reminds me of why I started with Linux in the first place: I had been a hardcore Atari ST user and finally acknowledged to myself that it was time to move into the PC world and so I bought a new, screamin' 266 MHz PC from some company that advertised in **Computer Shopper.** It came with Windows 95, the version that first had a program called Internet Explorer built directly into the OS. What crap@#! Stupid thing would crash and take the entire file system with it. After completely re-installing and rebuilding *three times* in the period of a month, I went down to Powell's in Portland and got a copy of Sam's Slackware Linux, about which I had seen a very short news blurb about in the back of **Computer Shopper.** I just needed an OS that worked and wasn't always stealing my time due to its poor quality. Even back then Linux was very stable, enough to get work done without always having to worry it was going to cannibalize itself. Yeah, I'm an old fart. Wrote my first computer program in 1968, a couple of years before the birth of C and the Unix OS. I had relatives in both the computer and math fields and so got an early introduction. Did programmable calculators in the 70's and most of the little home computers in the early 80's, including PCs at work. Started home computing in 1985 with the Atari ST machines -- loved those machines, but I ramble.
Kate Rides A [Vomit Comet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reduced_gravity_aircraft) So, did she or didn't she?
Anyone know what type of contact lenses she used for this photo?
Old...and still funny.
Exactly my problem with Hillary: She talks one line and walks another. She's just a professional politician who is willing to say anything to make her goals happen. I don't see that she is any different than most of these Republicans, and I'd no more vote for her than I would for Mitt Romney.
"I hope one day I'm this happy" Having a two digit I.Q. (like the dog) really does help in that regard. You too can experience this phenom by ingesting a six-pack of beer really fast, and, for a short while, you will be very happy. If you want to adjust your life and lifestyle to this level permanently, quickly drink a half gallon of vodka or ride a motorcycle very, very fast without a helmet: If you don't die from either of these behaviors, you will probably be in two digit I.Q. nirvana for the rest of your life. Cheers!
Potentially. *nod*
That's so cute!
[Jarndyce v Jarndyce](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jarndyce_v_Jarndyce) A fictional example, but [the author](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Dickens) was known for basing his fictions on observations in RL.
Sure it's okay, it's your computer -- but you will probably regret it in some morning before too long -- or maybe late at night when really tired and make a big mistake at the command line. And then there are *all* the security problems if you use the internet and/or work in an office. Better to use sudo or something similar.
Context is everything. When programming, start at zero; when helping the SO do shopping, start at one.
Indeed, accuracy in language is useful to more than just the philosophers and lawyers, while lack of accuracy is useful mostly to politicians -- and lawyers.
Yeah, I hate shopping too ( 'cept for Amazon and Newegg) but I do like to eat when my stomach make that menacing growl.
Umm, lack of a magnetic field around the planet allowed the sun's solar wind to blow off any and all gases very early in the planet's timeline, resulting in the lack of chemical conditions necessary for the development of life, which we are going to great lengths to prove true? Oh.
Games which are almost great but because they can't be modded, remain mediocre. AC: Black Flag, I point to you.
“The President’s healthcare law is a disaster..." from the article, quoting *Americans for Prosperity.* As a progressive Democrat, I agree: We need to get all the middlemen profit takers out of the health care loop by going to the single payer model which has proven so successful in so many other countries around the world.
You are trying to argue rationally with ignorance-based belief which is irrational.
&gt;Google complains about people running adblocker but don't bother to vet the ads being submitted to their service. This is the point that crosses my mind *every* time I see some site complaining about users running adblock. Until the advertising industry takes responsibility for what they are shoving out to people's computers/phones, users are only practicing good self-protection by running adblockers and noscript-like programs. Edit: Yikes, this is an old posting. Sorry.
GTA V?
It's called a Republican [hissy fit](http://english.stackexchange.com/questions/40603/what-is-the-origin-of-hissy-fit) and it's all the rage now.
"it is inconceivable that Republicans would anoint the least popular governor of the least successful state to carry their banner into the 2016 election..." Well, having Sarah Palin nominated as VP on the ticket suggests it is not only conceivable, it is well within the realm of the very possible, which goes a long way towards explaining why Jindal won't shut up with the national politics and do his current job like a responsible adult.
Run, Bernie, run!
"...Hillary is one of the most hated people to the Republicans." She's not all that popular with a large segment of Democrats either, which is the real problem for the party: Hillary as nominee and candidate means a potentially much lower voter turnout.
More proof from Clintonian behavior that what they say and what they do don't match. Like Bobby Jindal, Hillary could change her name to Ima Demagogue and save everyone the trouble of trying to figure out her game.
That's an entertaining way to make it make sense. Now if we can get him to jump off a mesa somewhere in New Mexico....
So much for the conservative in "Conservative." These GOP people are so dense they don't even know the meaning of their own core terms. Perhaps it's time to start calling them what they really are, "Reactionary Old People, Evangelical" or ROPE.
Welcome to Bee-utiful Idaho! Hope you like it here and stay for a good long time.
Maybe so, but it is a nice dream.
Shit, man, I'm a poor person but I'd gladly scrape up a benjamin to donate to this cause. Edit: Spelling.
Looks like a young Scully with green hair. Am I wrong?
No, he means that when the going gets tough, the tough eat their own bootstraps on their way up the economic ladder to 1% nirvana.
Kittens taste terrible, dude.
Cake.
Happy cake day!
Perhaps Americans have come to value integrity over the superficial attributes so commonly exploited by professional politicians? It's about time if true.
“Bernie is there on the issues. That’s what matters to a lot of people.” Warren quote from the fine article. This is the very essence of why Mr. Sanders appeals to so many. It is supported by his professional integrity as demonstrated by his actions and behavior over the years. Mr. Sanders is the type of candidate that America needs and observant Americans know this to be true. I think it would be great if Ms. Warren were to demonstrate support for his candidacy.
&gt;The fact that this has never been a reality during my lifetime is pretty damn sad. Agreed, and the same is true for my lifetime beginning in the mid-1950s. History suggests this simple, ugly fact has been true for most of United States history.
It's a long way to the election, so I agree with your "But as things stand now..." sentiment in theory, but I have to have some hope: Hillary is a poor choice for any progressive Dem.
Hell, I did that with my Sager; didn't like what the manufacturer was shipping so just got the 750GB spinner and then purchased SSDs later.
Interest paid on a thousand dollars over 20 years: 1.12 lol
I beat up on the gunners to outfit all my settlement folks with clothing, armor and weapons. They are just raiders with better gear, don't cha know.
My wild-assed guess is marketing, but like I said....
Maybe so, but the arrival of the Pascal-based GPUs should have some measurable effect and if you've seen 4k and 1080 side-by-side, then you know just how much of a motivator this will be for the hard-core gamer crowd -- will be very hard to resist.
On the face of it, because it is a violation of the concept of [the invisible hand;](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Invisible_hand) actually, because the source of the money behind contemporary economic theory and practice is oil, and these dogs serve their masters.
If Hillary is a progressive, I'm a Martian.
I have done this since Morrowind, which trained me so good: Leaving junk laying around on the ground was a recipe for CTD and so the best way to deal with it was the infamous "waste basket" or using a corpse as a garbage container -- when the corpse gets recycled by the program, the garbage goes with it. I still do this as regards corpses as garbage containers and am loathe to leave things just laying around on the ground. When in possession of many things I need to keep, I'll just use the container nearest the fast travel entry point to the area (or the entry door) and make a couple of trips to ferry everything back to the current home base. Edit: Spelling, grammar.
I carry a number of legendary weapons: Snotty Sally Snipes -- combat rifle, .308 recoil, rigged as sniper rifle. Bitchy Brenda -- .44 magnum, with comfort grips, bull barrel and illuminated circle sight. Harlequin Henriette -- combat rifle, .308 recoil, with long barrel and illuminated circle sight. Harlequin Helga -- combat rifle, .45, now in storage. (The Harlequin theme is so, well, [harlequin](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=harlequin+girl) because they never fail to give me what I want from them.) Terrible Tammy -- sub-machine gun with explosive rounds and max mods: It is a terror! Lucky Lucy -- long barreled, double-barrel shotgun with illuminated circle sight. There are a few others, but these are the main weapons and the naming theme should be obvious.
Only music I hear is from a jukebox or a radio in settlements: I turn down the game's background music completely -- I like to be able to hear threats before I see them. I'm assuming it's just a personal preference type of thing in that I've never been able to stand having music constantly playing in the background whether RL or GL -- it drives me crazy and is the worst distraction ever, regardless the quality of the music.
Psycho-jet is my ticket to an easier kill for those times when the issue is in doubt. Oh yeah -- a combat shotgun or high-cycle automatic weapon helps too.
But it was Clinton's policy decisions which directly caused the later income losses: He made short-term decisions which he promoted as great at the time, but really hurt down the road (NAFTA, repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act) unless you were a banker or international corporatist. The Clintons are [DINOs.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democrat_In_Name_Only)
The woman [flip-flops](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flip-flop_%28politics%29) so much and so fast and so often that is has become grossly apparent that she is willing to say and do *anything* to become president, which also makes it apparent that she is interested in the job only for her own self-interest, not the nations. Hillary is a bucket-list candidate and she should be shunned completely.
VR flashin' in the pan again: If it is alive and thriving two years from now I'll consider it, but until then it's just the same hype-train as the last time around.
It's not lack of courage: She is outright *owned* by those people.
Funny looking, but tasty!
Or have a radio station like the one in GTA IV where you could just play the music you wanted to hear.
What I suspect really happened is that they used the same team to do both development-time QA/debug *and* pre-release beta-time QA/debug. In short, their people doing the QA/Debug work became too familiar with the product as it was being developed and then could not see the bark on the tree because their heads were buried into the heartwood. There are loads of bugs, glitches and oversights in this game which constantly have me shouting, "Did they even bother to check their work?" Well of course they did, they just didn't check it properly, hence all the bugs, glitches and oversights. Still a good game, but it really needs a [buttload](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/buttload#See_also) of fixing.
And that is my only real complaint about this game (other than all the bugs, glitches and oversights:) It is *not* an RPG and any playthrough is going to be about the same as the last one, quest-wise and character-building-wise, so what's the point of doing another playthrough? I'm still on my first one because of my focus on settlement building (still haven't visited Nick at his office) and won't do another. I find myself actually wanting to get back to Skyrim, which doesn't make any sense until I acknowledge to myself that it's the mods that I put on Skyrim which flesh it out and make it a real RPG: The core game itself was underwhelming at best. Can the modders save Fallout 4? Time will tell. The core mechanics are there for supporting a good RPG, but if Bethesda hard-coded too much at the engine level, then even the modders won't be able to fix it, RPG-wise.
Yes, the Morrowind approach versus current approach. It's really too bad but I understand the quandary the gaming houses find themselves in: It's either money or quality and never the twain shall meet. Bethesda is really most fortunate in having the attention of a huge hord of modders who will adopt and work their games; Bethesda is really most wise in making and keeping this possible.
This is a statement in a headline from **FOX** OMFG! Too much hypocrisy in one place: Duck and cover!
Gee, all the smart people are for a mixed economy instead of replicating nineteenth century England in twenty-first century North America, go figure.
There is nothing wrong with being lazy as long as you're smart about it.
I find it especially annoying that for all my effort in building up defenses and equipping my settlers they still get their butts kicked by any four raiders with leather armor and pipe guns *if I don't help with defense.* When I do show up to help, I rarely even get a chance to pop off a round before the settlers have wiped the ground with their bloody corpses. This is a stupid thing, Bethesda. Otherwise, I have enjoyed the settlement building aspect of the game very much but it needs some serious fixing.
Goodbye Hillary, glad to see you go.
That's because Hillary only wants to put her mouth where her bankster-funded pollsters say it should be, everything else be damned.
Only "cringe-worthy" to those with no historical understanding of the area and the players.
The entire party has become Agnew's "nattering nabobs of negativism" because talk is cheap and ideas require goals: Windbag politicians are always in great supply and more money for billionaires doesn't sell well.
So, am I the only person on the planet who is hoping that after this election we don't hear anything from a Clinton for a very, very long time?
"the goal of Democrats ... is being made more difficult every second the Clinton campaign continues to distort the facts on Bernie Sanders's strong record against gun violence and attack a core progressive idea like universal healthcare." -- from the article Hillary is in this for Hillary, don't make the mistake of assuming she is otherwise motivated.
I love my *quiet* backlit keyboard on my Sager. Granted, keyboards on laptops used to be really crappy, but this one is really sweet. Never doing that klickity clackity again.
Cruel...but effective: I'm going to try it, thanks!
My territory, bitch!
Another study might show that jumping off a high building is about the same risk as drinking alcohol. Seriously, that stuff is outright poison and people who consume it need to be overly cautious in how and when they use it.
&gt;I hope the good guys can get the party apparatus out of DWS's hands. This would need to be a first priority: The DNC is polluted.
There will be a reckoning....
They have better technique, but some just call it a toss up.
They're not crazy, they're stupid: There is the difference.
One can only hope.
Have to give Trump credit: He's the only person running from the right who is proven more than a professional pandering politician. The G.O.P. needs to rework their offerings to the public if they expect Americans to buy into their products.
Like Hillary, no one cares: Go away.
"You might not know it, but the Democratic Party is in the middle of an internecine battle that potentially dwarfs that of conservatives." -- from the article You might not know it, but trying so very hard to make your spin attempts set the conversation really doesn't work very well. I remember when the WSJ was quality; Murdock has turned it into trash.
This would be great. As it is, I'm having to try and remember them by their equipment when I'm working on equipping and assigning settlers and it is a pain in the neurons.
My thoughts too after reading the list. I'm excited for this one.
I'll take inbetween for 500, Alex!
I do something similar with my vendor people, you know, the ones who man the shops: I put them in civvy clothing (ex-military, sorry) while all the others look like gunners. When I need more clothing, I either pull from inventory (I keep all those clothing items found in suitcases,) buy from the clothing shops at the settlements, or go beat up on the gunners for more gear.
&gt;I've probably spent a good 20% of my play time running back and forth to sanctuary... I've moved my homebase twice: Once to Murkwater, then to County Crossing. Both times the move was made primarily to help me by being closer to the area of the map I was working hardest. County Crossing is probably my final main base since it is more central to the map. Skyrim has a mod which adjusts the fast travel times to more accurately reflect travel times. I don't know why Bethesda didn't fix that upfront in Fallout 4: The Skyrim mod was heavily downloaded and fixed a real sore point for a lot of players.
&gt;can't remember the name but it's on the coast Warwick Homestead probably. Good luck!
In 1997? [Walnut Creek](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walnut_Creek_CDROM) Slackware CDs was my update source for whole updates, but my first Slackware CD came in the back of a Sam's Slackware Linux book. Was a 1.something kernel if I remember right, but 2.0 had been released since the CD was manufactured? I forget, long time ago now. I had just purchased a new PC a month or so previous which came with Windows 95, the version that first included Internet Exploder, or Exploiter, whatever. Anyway, that version of Win95 had a really nasty habit of crashing -- and taking the entire file system with it. After reinstalling Win95 three (3) times in one month, I went down to Powell's in Portland and bought a copy of Sam's Slackware Linux which had this free Unix I had recently read about in Computer Shopper (a huge, heavy magazine packed with computer-related ads and articles.) Having studied unix in the 1980s (I finally got my Sun Admin cert in 2000 or so) I replaced that trashy Windows and had a decent computer OS on my new PC. I've had a bad attitude towards Microsoft ever since and they have been consistent enough to reinforce this on a very regular basis. Edit: The PC was a 266 MHz Pentium II.
"New processors...won't be supported in old Windows." Linux supports new processors, old processors, odd and funky processors, probably old calculators and Atari computers from the 1980s. Don't be frustrated, be flexible: Linux!
Almost?
Cruz would stab him in the back at the very first opportunity: No one who has worked with or around this guy wants to continue to do so.
No, you don't want someone who waits to make a decision based on what the morning polls show.
Five pounds of paper!
&gt;Libertarians want less taxes and smaller government, Social Democrats want higher taxes and larger government. Your dichotomy is too simplistic: [Libertarian Socialism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libertarian_socialism)
&gt;No, my dichotomy is accurate. I did not say it was incorrect, I said it was too simplistic.
Because they are: Rich America versus Poor America.
I'll leave those to be dealt with by the gods, who are in the same category.
Bonus nipple.
Hillary? More like hands-in-pockets on Wall Street.
You choose wisely.
Settler: Don't eat the radishes. SS: What radishes? Settler: Ah ha! This is what radishes would do to you if there were radishes, so...don't eat the radishes. SS: ??? Must be Tuesday.
People who lie repeatedly and are caught doing so loose all [credibility,](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/credibility) even if they are professional politicians like Hillary Clinton.
My motherboard has two slots for msata drives, both filled. The bay for the regular HD sits empty.
I have one of those, named it *Terrible Tammy* and yes, it does make a mess of things.
Bought one of these: [Commodore VIC-20](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commodore_VIC-20) Before that it was all on programmable calculators. Things got better in the mid-1980s with the Atari ST and Commodore Amiga machines.
&gt;Hillary Clinton "laughs off" everything she doesn't want to talk about Google search: "Hillary Clinton laughed off" About 7,020,000 results (0.34 seconds) I think you might be right.
Yeah, but she's a *cute* chick.
Right-wing nutters in their nutshells: Willful, socially-induced paranoid schizophrenics quivering and shaking in their own collectively-built thought traps. It would be pathetic if they weren't so fucking dangerous.
Hydrogen and oxygen of course, sheesh.
&gt;Forbes and others haven't figured out how intrusive their normal ads can be. You misunderstand: They truly don't care because that is not their metric. Eyeballs and dollars are what they care about and if you and yours get trashed in the process, well, it's not their problem.
True, but seriously, how many people are we talking about in this hypothetical scenario -- one in a million? More like one in ten million. Most drive-by victims don't know where it came from and by the time they figure out they have a problem they don't care about the whens, wheres and whys, they just want a working computer again and before they know it, whump, they're hit again. For a bunch like Forbes, it's just such a minor cost of doing business they can't even be bothered to care. You want to see some serious action on this problem, get *everyone* running adblockers and script blockers and all this ad-based bullshit will be gone, along with trash sites of the type Forbes seems to like to operate.
I understand what you're meaning to say, but you need to check your usage/definition of [misnomer.](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/misnomer) From the link: "Misnomer is not a fancy, more elevated word for mistake. Nor is it a synonym for misstatement, misconception, or misunderstanding. As the word's Latin etymon nōmināre (‘to name’) tells us, a misnomer is a special kind of mistake: a wrong name."
&gt;Will speech fees come back to haunt Clinton? They already have -- and will continue to do so until she is just a bad memory.
The guy is a box of lies who doesn't even bother *to try* and hide it because he knows the tea party base is just that dumb.
I'll believe this *after* it happens, not because Tom Delay mouthed some words.
&gt;...explaining what she'd do to work with Republicans, Clinton offered something of a heads up to the congressional majority: "I'm gonna be just givin' 'em all bear hugs." We already know that, Hillary, that is our problem with you.
Thanks for carrying all that weight, Bernie.
If you want a stable planet with a sustainable economy and a healthy ecology, then you *must* attain balance of population, and the *only known way* is to provide all with the means to have food, water, shelter and a reasonable chance to see their offspring survive. Once this is done, human populations fall on their own. This cannot be achieved if most of the wealth of the world is sitting in one half of the northern hemisphere, or in the U.S. and Europe, or in the banks of the one percent. So what do you want? A chance at a healthy planet *or* a rich U.S. surrounded by tens of billions of hungry third-world peasants starving in polluted poverty as they destroy the ability of the planet to support complex life forms. You can't have both, so choose. Oh, if you don't choose, you get the second by default. Do you see where this is going yet?
Yes, but innocence is highly overrated.
What a beautiful example of the breed: [Australian Shepherd](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_Shepherd)
I'm thinking it belongs in the FTW category (Fuckin' Thespian Wankers) instead of the WTF grouping.
Plus it's easier to hit the doob once or twice, eh?
Especially in Michigan.
Tools.
Even worse is being a Vietnam vet and remembering how the public reacted to military in uniform in public places then *versus* the "thank you for your service" universal praise of now: It's a full dose of [cognitive dissonance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_dissonance) every time.
More likely Hillary jumped under a bus because she suspected bankers might be there waiting to give her a quarter-million dollar speaker fees.
The Free from Rational Thought Project would be more apt as regards a name for this drivel.
"...this house has been a beacon of hope where progressive values have been protected..." -- Hillary campaign brochure quote as reported in the article Actually, progressives hope she looses quickly and goes away long time.
&gt;Why do liberals support this? Because they bought this [pig in a poke](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig_in_a_poke) on advice from their leadership who suggested that change equals progress. Well, the evidence is in and no, change does not necessarily equal progress: The ACA is a slightly modified Republican plan from years past and it is inadequate to the needs of the populace. And still the Democrat party leadership insists on lipsticking this pig whilst trotting it around the place, praising its beauty when the porker really needs to be on a plate.
And that is my only concern about Mr. Sanders, for whom I will probably vote: Is he indeed fighting this war...or the last one?
I want a President of the United States, not a President of the World.
Better yet, donate for additional gasoline.
&gt;The dem party in general is very old. Which explains why the Dems have evolved into the party of "Republican Lite" these past few years. It's time to move the old farts out of the way, but the only force capable of doing this is smart, energetic young people. As an old fart myself, I'm loving it when I see young people excited and working the game.
Don't need it, don't want it, can't afford it, can't abide it. Americans need to ask themselves if they really want four or more years of non-stop graft and scandal as Clinton does what Clintons do best: The Clinton Shuffle, aka [Influence Peddling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Influence_peddling) but with [themselves and their political clout as the product.](http://harpers.org/blog/2015/11/shaky-foundations/)
"Like, with ye olde cloth?"
George Bush and Dick Cheney put an end to "let's follow the example of the U.S.A" as concerns world politics.
Eatin' crow.
Trees always win and everyone knows it, and yet, some have to try: The [Mark of the Bark](https://www.arborday.org/trees/whattree/) is irresistible to some bikers.
Obama has done nothing to "ruin this country" like the right-wingers jabber on about. Just ignore them, they do it to whip up their base of support who have an estimated mean [I.Q. of eighty-two.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IQ_classification) The only thing I really have a visceral reaction to as concerns President Obama's actions in office concern the initial and follow-up actions relating to the Wall Street "malfunction" that was passed off to him by George Bush, and, as much as I'd like to berate Mr. Obama, the truth of such a situation is that you fix what have, not what you wish you had, and so I'm really not sure he or anyone else could have done much different. Overall, I think he has done a really good job, especially considering that for most of his tenure he has had to deal with the most irritatingly incompetent Congress in the history of the U.S. I do admit I would be much happier if a very large number of banksters were rotting away for life in little cold, damp prison cells, but I'm content to save that goal for another day.
I don't think Mr. Sanders minds if his policies "benefit the rich" as long as everyone else benefits as well. He doesn't strike me as an "eat the rich" kind of guy in that he's not out to hurt them, but to see some balance achieved in our society.
Maybe because this is the establishment panicking and looking for what they consider a viable exit from The Hillary, hence no Birdie.
Da dankyest!
Leeloo kills Korbin slowly, but with gusto, after finally realizing he just uses her as a cum bucket. She gets herself a girlfriend who she soon after kills quickly, but with gusto, when realizing that no-penis-but-all-the-same-'tude isn't such a good deal. Fucks the president and kills him accidentally, but with gusto, when she finds out that a big black man with a tiny dick isn't all that much fun (but he was still, "a great guy!") Decides to become a nun but kills the convent's dog intentionally, but with gusto, to keep him from barking. Roll credits.
No, she didn't lie: [Elizabeth Warren Is Part Native American](http://www.motherjones.com/mojo/2012/05/elizabeth-warren-is-part-native-american) Many, if not most, people from that area (Central and Eastern Oklahoma) have some native American blood and thus family history, including myself. I don't identify as Native American and look like a white guy, but the genealogy is solid. Same thing with her. I think the difference is that I was advised by my grandmother never to talk about it because nothing good ever will come of it, so just let it go. Apparently E. Warren received different advice.
&gt; Gaming Journalism Is A Joke Yeah, so what's your point?
Apparently the cat isn't either.
Looks more like A Cat and its Girl, but it could be a personal perception thing.
Well that's a true nightmare commute.
I was indirectly advising co-workers as early as 2001 that there were problems with the housing market heating up like it was, reminding them that a house is truly only worth what someone else is willing *and able* to pay for it, but they all got caught up in the escalating values of their homes.
No where good.
Give us a sample of the jokes they tell: How can we know otherwise?
They are focusing on their main subjects: Themselves.
Make sure you have a good mouse pad to go with it, yo: Crappy mouse pad cripples a good mouse!
Hey, just like at the zoo! Does he throw his spunk too?
[Sager laptops](http://www.sagernotebook.com/15-Laptops/) have good engineering and quality components. They tend to be re-branded Clevo machines out of Taiwan but don't let that fool you, they are very well engineered inside and out and built with quality components. Note that you spend more for less when it comes to laptops: They cost more money and have less capability. Some people don't have a lot of choice in the matter. I can't sit at a regular desk, so a laptop on a lapdesk is my only option. I could build up a reclining work station, but it would cost way more than a good gaming laptop on a lapdesk and would probably be less comfortable. I'd say don't try to build your own laptop unless you're a master machinist who also has a background in industrial/electrical/electronic design and engineering *and* you're willing to spend five to six figures worth of bucks doing it, but would you listen? Edit: XoticPC carries the Sager line of laptops. That's where I get mine since 2006 (first Sager machine.)
Morrowind, Oblivion, Skyrim all remastered into one contiguous set, united by an umbrella storyline which gives the player time travel capability to manipulate the pasts of these places to effect the present, and presumably the main story line, of the umbrella. Ouch, that's one *tall* order, but if anyone could do it....
Beans, man, beans -- and onions, of course.
That is some prefectly fine /r/Jenni_Gregg right there. FTFY
Don't be judgemental; a place the size of reddit is bound to have at least a [few proud analists.](https://www.reddit.com/r/shittyadviceanimals)
I'm thinking she had to dry out her panties after that incident.
Oopsie: Fudging on warship specifications in service of rationalisms is expensively foolish. I would say it's a hard lesson but, since the people who made the decisions aren't the people who owned the money or suffered the consequences, no lessons were learned and the errors will be repeated.
I know cats and it's far more likely that the cute kitty wants to warm its ass -- any other attention is just a bonus.
More than all that, her endorsement of Clinton gives the lie to everything she, E. Warren, has said and done these past years: In one move, she's tossed it all and switched to the dark side. What a shame.
You grossly underestimate the poisonous influence of those small fringe groups. They are mostly to blame for the Libertarians being on and staying on the margins since the 1970s. The fringe crazies in the Greens are doing the same thing to them, hence some of the stupidities that have been found in their platform even recently. A political movement must put together a platform that has enough broad appeal to the public to attract substantial following and support and if it can't, taking in wackies for a small increase in numbers is a sure sign they are indeed marginal and will remain so for a long time. Bernie has the best chance running as an independent in this election, just look at the numbers: The voters dislike Clinton more than they dislike Trump, and they dislike him a lot. This election year, The Year of Really Bad Choices, is brought to us by two dying political parties which don't represent anyone but themselves, hence their exceptionally poor candidates. One really good candidate running outside these two dysfunctional political parties could do great things, especially with Mr. Sanders numbers.
This won't work if the political parties are allowed to continue making the rules concerning who can vote and for whom they can vote, when votes count and when they are counted, who counts and who doesn't count the votes, et cetera, et cetera, ad nauseum, ad infinitum. This "reform" is no reform at all; stop letting the political parties run elections -- think foxes and hen houses.
Look, up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane, it's a CIA dro **BAM!**
I wear a beard but keep it trimmed very short and off my neck (that itches like crazy and looks like crap, IMHO.) How do I know it's a UNIX beard? Because I say it's a UNIX beard: I'm an old UNIX guy and it's my beard, therefore UNIX beard. Q.E.D.
"...a party of grifters." Says the Hillary Clinton shill. Give us a fuckin' break, Krugman. Here's [a good definition](http://www.dictionary.com/browse/hypocrite) for you to ponder.
Bah, ignore the critics. Skyrim SE is a great idea and would be a benefit to all those who still like Skyrim time. I suspect that most of these people complaining don't understand the benefits such a remaster would deliver. As a person who plays both FO4 and Skyrim a lot, I have to say the stability of FO4 is fantastic compared with any previous Bethesda game: I've had exactly one (1) CTD in FO4 before they released the first patch and none since (I play with a stock game, no mods, Bethesda patches only.) Skyrim crashes multiple times daily, usually after two or so hours of play. This is on the same hardware. FO4 is beautiful and feature-ful out of the box; Skyrim requires a butt-load of mods to get to that point. While I've been a programmer since forever, I've never bothered to learn to do game modding on the Bethesda TES games that I've enjoyed, but I think I may have to soon.
Ford as a clumsy doofus; Nixon as a corrupt nutter; left-wingers as economically clueless labor strike lovers; hippies as doper leftovers; Russians as non-religious religious fanatics; Chinese as happy-in-the-stone-age relics; U.S. military types as dazed and confused losers (there was some truth in this one;) hot pink hot pants on hotties.
"...and we are not going to allow it." Thank you.
Taste good, Tigger, want some more? Here it is...!
Soon!
Some might call that a skirt.
Only one? Jeez.
I knew a person who raised rabbits for food back in the late 1970s, said it wasn't worth the expense and hassle.
Look out Rocky! Boris has a sling shot and Natasha has a kettle!
It will require much higher resolution with a wrap around field of view which provides full top and side perpheral view for the human eye, and that's just the visual side. Audio is much closer now than vids are. Another aspect of the sensory experience which hasn't been talked about much is the skin sensors. Look around and you'll find references to [TENS units](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transcutaneous_electrical_nerve_stimulation) being modded which should be interesting for everything from shooters to sex play. It will get there eventually, but this time around on the VR hype train is just about as bad as the last one: Some clowns thinking they can make some big bucks by conning the crowd. Guess they did get some bucks out of [Freaky Facebook Zuckerberg,](https://tctechcrunch2011.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/11232118_10102175618819241_7572979522374295442_n.jpg) aka, the Suckerberg.
Awesome!
Damn, that one doesn't mess around with the huffing and puffing, just goes for the gusto! Probably pretty scary for folks within eye and ear range; having been within 50 or so miles of Mount St. Helens when it popped, I can relate.
"...the Federal Reserve said..." now there's a fount of credibility, especially on finance topics. Oy vey, most clowns have *some* self-respect, but not *these* clowns.
Double-barrelled shotgun works great against those things in FO4. RL, not so much 'cause overkill. Use a rolled up newspaper or folded magazine and **WHACK!**
Well, all's well that ends well: A live hungry spider is a good thing, outside. Cheers.
Alternate title: Judge needs a new profession, can't cope with current profession.
Yore won wyse mon.
Hillary has all of them, depending on who's asking and when -- and where and why. And then I actually looked at the chart, doh.
It's bland until you mod it up, then it's the best thing available, IMO. Others say Witcher 3 but I haven't played that game since the serious reviews say it isn't an RPG at all and if it's not an RPG, then it has little to no replay mojo so not worth the price of admission. FO4 is another one which has crap replay-ability because you're always going to be the same character in the same situation with only very minor differences. Truth be told, Skyrim is on the very edge of being in the same boat as these others and it's only the modders which have saved the game from the same crappy fate. Really, Morrowind was the best ever at allowing the gamer to roll out a completely new, interesting character which changed how you, the gamer, had to approach the open world. Vanilla Skyrim is a great example of what happens when the developer dumbs down the character creation process so nine-year old gamers don't have to think about what they are doing. For example, Sofie, the ten-year old street urchin in Windhelm, hits exactly as hard as the biggest, meanest Nord available in the game, I shit you not: Your badass fighter hits like a little girl. Why? Because Bethesda decided to make it that way to keep the character creation process as simple as possible, the down side being that it's pointless to attempt to do anything different a second time around. There are mods available which fix this problem somewhat, but not completely. Which is all to say that there really are no good choices for RPG gamers and probably won't be until the people who really want one build an open source engine and an open world than isn't controlled by a for-profit company.
I use a mod called Live Another Life (at least I think that's what it's called, I'd have to look) which probably does the same thing, let's you start a game other than through Helgen. As long as I stay away from Helgen, no dragons or main quest are toggled on. Great mod! I use it in conjunction with the Dead is Dead mod: When a character dies, time to re-roll and start again. I can't overstate how very much this has changed the nature of my approach to a game. It's another great one for changing up the basic game.
The United States is in political crisis, having a two party system that doesn't bother to try and represent the majority of the populace but yet insists on having control of the government because only wealth matters. We're going to end up in a civil war if we're not really careful resolving this problem of lack of representation but with a representative form of government. I don't remember ever seeing any main stream media talking about this, do you?
So, is it Hillary the Clueless or Hillary the Shameless?
"Can we sent this video to Warren ?" She already endorsed Clinton, what more do you want?
I don't understand where the bored lion fits in this equation, can someone ELI-not-Japanese?
I told everyone who would listen back in 1971 that [Carlos Santana](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlos_Santana) would eventually take over the Universe, but no one would listen. Now look what's happening.
One cannot properly critique any one particular chip crunch without first knowing with what chip the crunch was generated. Perfection of chip crunch not established due to lack of information.
Perfection of chip crunch established. Congratulations on a worthy chip crunch of galatic, nay, even *universal,* proportions!
No.
I used to do exactly the same thing, starting with the phrase, "I don't do windows!" Linux installs clean and stays clean for years and years; Microsoft is trashed in days and failing in weeks. Microsoft knows this, hence the push to Windows10 for everyone -- or else! They're trying to take control of the software away from your ignorant parents and siblings, thinking that if they control it then it will be better. It won't be better. Microsoft's OS flaws are built in too deep and tied in too closely with their "features" to ever provide a stable, secure operating environment on an open network. Used to. Now I tell them to get a young person to do it; I'm busy being old.
No she can't.
The Ruger Mini-14 is actually the better rifle of the two, IMO. Having owned both types, the Mini-14 will shoot forever without jamming, the AR-15 type I owned never could make it to 150 rounds before jamming and requiring a good cleaning. M-16 action is crap for long-term, rugged reliability -- not something you want to have to deal with in a great many situations.
Puri! *hug* Oy, I just hugged a turd. What did I do *this* time. Inquiring minds are always stumbling about, wondering just what in the hell is going on....
I too use Windows 10 as a gaming platform for Skyrim and FO4 and a few older games. That doesn't mean I use it for anything else though. When I'm done gaming, I reboot before the machine is connected to the net. And I *do not* do tech support for Microsoft products for anyone, anytime, *ever.*
**PRIZES?@%#!** Did you know that a captured ship is called a [prize?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prize_of_war) I'm thinking you do know this and you're hoping to get that white elephant of a honkin' big boat into someone else's pocket instead of yours, eh? Well, it just might work fella! See you there.
No, but if you are rich enough you can travel/move to where the water is clean and the poor people are kept away with fences and guns.
Nor this one! (I don't own an axe, but if I did....)
He is the founder of Canonical, the Ubuntu Linux company of people. [Mark Shuttleworth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Shuttleworth)
After the attack, a great many residents had new kitchen rugs.
Oh, oh...I know this one: It's Beaver and Buttweed! So, do I win or is this prize thing more involved? Edit: No gerfa on the front page of /r/shittyadviceanimals -- for shame! Oops, forgot to hit the edit button first.
Yeah, that makes sense. I do something similar using a cli utility called mirdir.
Get dat gurl a sammich, stat!
Now it's working -- it's magic, man, magic!
Anti-art art is arty, but only those with the will to shower will know the truth of it all.
Just so you know, I've reported you for successfully creating a non-text meme posting. You may have broken the universe and so should be rewarded or at least acknowledged. If my reporting actually gets you kicked off the sub, well, shit happens -- suck it up.
Is this the magic masturbation nurse here to help me milk my prostate? She looks so clinical with those ultra-brite white teeth and smock -- and that anal hook hanging around her neck, gaaa! Scary, mon, scary! I'm worried that she won't spank me with that clipboard. Bet she's wearing a blazing blue micro-mini skirt under that clean smock. No wedding ring makes me nervous: Will she try to manipulate me into a relationship when I'm under her thrall? Hot, helpful women make me anxious.
Was Max Planck correct in assessing his [Planck length?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planck_length) We may never know the *exact* answer and so the question becomes: Was Max Planck correct in assessing his approximate Planck Length? It is important, you know.
"...nothing in economics is settled science." Truth. Modern economics is more related to traditional belief-based religion than science.
And there is the satisfaction found in not knowing, in being able to simply say, "I do not know," which is often found in conjunction with the "...and I don't give a fuck!" attitude but that is something completely different and not a requirement or even an expectation (but is often found to be an affectation, oddly enough.)
So my brother and I were standing in my mom's apartment one day having a conversation when on the television a giraffe reached out with its tongue for a leaf and my mom blurted out, "Look at that tongue!" We quietly looked at her in astonishment as she realized what she had done, grimaced a bit and went back to watching her show. We never did talk about that episode, which I suspect was intentional on both our parts. Edit: Not fiction, true story.
I would have gone with "juice" but I suppose that's a personal preference thing.
[Too Rollin' Stoned](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OT21jl9Afbc) might be a better match for this sub, but then that's just my subjective interpretation.
Thanks! Waited to renew my subscription until today so my cake day and renewal day would be the same. Seems my doing so may have pissed off some automated bot within reddit earlier this month but too f-in' bad. Damn bots bein' pushy 'n' shit, wtf.
Maybe she *wants* to get her taco soggy wet and all salty 'n shit. You really should ask before making such assumptions about a woman's preferences for soggy versus non-soggy tacos: It's the PC thing to do.
I hate it when that happens, but the upside is that you know for sure there *is* someone even older and uglier than you are. Such knowledge always brings me a tiny bit of comfort. A very tiny bit, but still....
Yeah, but tomorrow is Friday so cheer up. Looking forward is almost always a better choice unless you're on a fast moving bike and that cinder brick wall is getting much closer really quic....
Pretty sure not, at least as concerns damage from a generic hit: Bethesda didn't figure in physical attributes like strength, agility, etc. for Skyrim and so a hit is a hit, whether from a little girl or from a big, beefy nord warrior. Arm length (or distance from target) may be a factor for actually being able to make a hit, dodge, etc. with a melee weapon. There is a mod for SE which lets you adjust this to be more realistic, making those annoying "guy hit me from ten feet away -- with a mace!" events not happen any more. This also makes melee much more chaotic since you really have to be in on them to make the hit. Dodge also benefits from this mod, since it's easier to move out of range of a melee attack. [Realistic Melee Range](http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/3378/?tab=1&amp;navtag=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nexusmods.com%2Fskyrimspecialedition%2Fajax%2Fmoddescription%2F%3Fid%3D3378%26preview%3D&amp;pUp=1)
One can also argue that it also allows bad actors like Goldman Sachs and ilk to manipulate situations to their own benefit and the detriment to everyone else. Putting a complete ban on opacity for players in complex situations would be wise, and should include governments.
Because their self-serving interpretation of human behavior for individuals and for groups does not mesh with reality: Libertarian thought and policies as concerns human behavior are wishful thinking, in contradiction to the Objectivist philosophy of Ayn Rand (whom Libertarians love to quote even though she loathed them.) Libertarians are clowns who make the mistake of taking themselves and their clownish bullshit much too seriously.
Since November-ish, 1996. Edit: Woo, Twenty Year Club!
There is probably a mod for that....
Probably means long loading times between areas when you go through a door. Some systems have this worse than others.
Easier to digest too. Plus fibre. Less expensive. Easier and less dangerous to cook. Mix with other ingredients to get a balanced protein and you are good to go!
CES 2017 starts tomorrow, so my guess is we will find out shortly. I'm in the market for a new Sager this Spring (my current is three years old this past December!) Edit: Sager just posted their additions of the i7-7700k CPUs on their website. Have a delay until Jan. 16 if you order one.
Morthal area to get poison mixin's then continue on to Fulgunthur for that Gaulder amulet fragment (+30 to health) which I have successfully done at level one (1) in the recent past, and that was without a companion/follower person (my bunny hoppin' ass was really lucky, just don't let the guy hit you too many times with that sword.) Be sure to take a lot of restore health potions with you if you try this (Blue Mountain Flower and Swamp Fungal Pod make a good one and these ingredients are easy to get in large amounts.)
I paint them pink or white just to make them stand out in a fight so I'm not shooting my own bots. Didn't occur to me it could be a punishment....
I had used yellow at first but too many of the robot raiders are colored yellow too, so went to pink and white, but I did try the yellow first and for the same reason you mention (prefer yellow autos in RL too.)
Break on through, baby!
Cheer up! It will be the end of April before you know it; of course, we may not have a change in this weather pattern until then.
Squished by a tire transmogrifies them from squirrel phase to frisbee phase. I know for a fact, this is true. Rather crappy frisbees, but still....
And the question becomes: Does she use glue or tape?
Not on Steam yet, as of 5:20 a.m. on 1/10/17. Hope this isn't fake news....
Don't tax people, tax pools of wealth. If people keep their wealth active in the economy in a productive manner, this is usually a good thing. If people are taking wealth out of the economy to hoard it, to intentionally harm governments or societies, or to "grow it" by only making wealth on wealth, then tax it away or otherwise destroy it.
No, it would not. Unions are a symptom of the failure of government to ensure that everyone has a place at the table. Unions were an attempt to evade corrupt or otherwise ineffective government in an attempt to gain economic justice, a balance in the finances of the life of a nation. Worker unions now have less effective power than ever because it is almost universally accepted that governments -- being made up of people -- naturally serve those in the populace who have the most resources (money and power) with little, if any, pretense otherwise. The nature of work is changing as well which also greatly undercuts the power of worker unions and this is going to accelerate greatly in the near future. What would work instead of worker unions is **consumer unions** who can bring their collective power to bear against corporations and companies which are viewed as harmful or otherwise detrimental to a society or societies. This collective power is potentially very, very powerful and practically in place due to the internet, but it has yet to be used effectively against a corporation on a world-wide scale. When a few large corporations have been effectively destroyed by such actions on the part of the world populace, corporate behaviors will change quickly. The real trick is to monitor the movement and behavior of those people who own and operate such corporations. They use a great many legal tricks available in the Western, first-world countries in order to be evasive as targets. Identify and track these people and watch for individual and corporate legal tricks which obfuscate ownership and money trails. Identify rogue banks and bankers and end them; much work has recently been done on this step and it is a very important one. Not all of capitalism is bad. At the lower levels of societies it is beneficial to most everyone. The problem is that it doesn't scale well because governments are people too -- who can be had for a price. This is only beneficial to the bad actors in the short-term but capitalists are notorious short-term thinkers. TL;DR - No, they won't. Work to create consumer unions to destroy corporations which deserve to be destroyed according to their behaviors.
You forgot the crashiness; much crashiness!
April is a definite improvement, at least in the looks department. Mjoll always makes me shudder when first looking at her. I should get a mod....
I have been seeing this trope trotted out ever-so-blithely more frequently of late, but have yet to see anyone offer up supporting data. Indeed, all the data I've been seeing concerning the last forty years in the U.S. is exactly the opposite and the only way the numbers can be bent to support this claim of "increasing standard of living for average Americans" is to do some averaging tricks with vague numbers like the GDP where the lopsidedness of income wealth can be whisked away in a faux blending of numbers. Point me to some substantial data supporting this claim; I'm calling bullshit on your assertion.
Oh, that's nice. My Mjoll doesn't look anything like that. Mine is the stock one.
"This would indicate..." absolutely nothing. Polling in the U.S. is so very broken that it's become nothing more than a bad joke, yet another way to lie with statistics: I too can pick and choose from a select group to get any answer I want, it's not very hard to do. If you want to believe this hogwash, that is your choice but don't pretend to others that such tripe has significance beyond your own wishful thinking. Edit: But I do thank you for your considerate reply.
I saw one trotting up 13th street in the North End a few years ago (2007-ish) about 4 a.m. I've seen a few around since, mostly very late or very early.
On the bright side, you're only losing a console, not a PC. I jest, I jest -- tell her to buy her own damn console.
No, silly, that's Pedofox!
Rettuce reaf this subject arone because rarration is raughabre.
So the "conservatives" aren't conservative at all, just a bunch of posing [shysters](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/shyster) who are only in for their own short term gain. Gee, who ever would have guessed this to be true.
A more in-depth article at Science Daily: [Graphene's sleeping superconductivity awakens](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2017/01/170119084619.htm) A most interesting quote from the above: "It remains unclear what type of superconductivity the team activated, but their results strongly indicate that it is the elusive "p-wave" form. If so, the study could transform the ongoing debate about whether this mysterious type of superconductivity exists, and -- if so -- what exactly it is."
I don't know that I enjoy it so much as view it as the main pillar of my settlement defenses. I arm them, armor them up and build a couple of gun towers for support and viola, done. Best thing about the settlers is that they swarm like angry bees on attackers. If they have grenades, it's like an artillery barrage. They be bad!
No. I actually gave up on the generic game until mods became available to fix just a metric shitton of bugs and annoyances. Bethesda games are best played a year after release and after a month of modding.
[Here.](https://www.tcl.tk/man/tcl/TclCmd/binary.htm)
Yes. Give them one grenade each. Make sure you tell them to equip the grenade (the "t" key for the PC version) along with their rifle or pistol since they can have both equipped at the same time. Seems grenades are like ammo for settlers; if they have the one equipped, then they have unlimited uses of that one grenade. There is a mod that changes this usage if you don't like it or want more realism. I try to mix it up among a settlement with some having frags and others having molotovs. You can use the other types too if you like.
You're welcome. Happy gaming!
I looked around for just that specific bit of info and I can't find it, so I'm assuming that it's a typical liquid nitrogen-type cold-as-hell experiment but again, that's just an assumption on my part. That information is probably in the scientist's original paper. Interesting stuff all the same.
Hasn't happened yet, but it is a possibility.
Thank you for this!
There it is: Proof positive that the man and his minions are [facists.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fascism)
Dynamic skybox is dynamic, dramatic and downright benefits from a couple of good mods to fix the stars which are not so good in vanilla.
That's the mashed-potato gun. No, it doesn't shoot mashed potatoes, silly: The target looks like hot mashed potatoes when the fight is over.
Well, the Japanese weren't the only ones. There was a particular U.S. Admiral who, during [one of the initial battles in Iron Bottom Strait](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naval_Battle_of_Guadalcanal#First_Naval_Battle_of_Guadalcanal.2C_13_November) (WWII, Guadalcanal) didn't use the radar fire control on his ships because he either didn't know how or didn't trust the technology. A lot of American sailors died that night.
Or one can simply "de-contextualize," focus only on the math (particularly the increasing sums part) and forget all about the messy human stuff. The best part of this approach is that one can assign wealth values as one likes.
Mr. Trump was elected to act as an executive in an operating capacity, to presumably operate the government. Using the executive office to, in effect, shut down those government operations that a *political party* (not a part of United States governance as per our Constitution) is not happy with is, well, an abuse of the office, to put it politely. Unfortunately, only the Senate can really do anything about it and so we know how this will play out: Those clowns sold their butts to the highest bidder long ago.
I raze Sanctuary to the ground which makes it easier to build useful things there: None of my characters have any level of affinity for trash.
If you work with a companion, covering doesn't buy foes much additional time to breathe so it really doesn't matter. If you're at all unsure what I mean, study up on some [military tactics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_tactics) and show those baddies who's da boss! Lot's of good links on that page
I agree. "Cod piece" (my girl's nickname for him) is the most upbeat, happy companion of them all. Piper is pretty upbeat and happy too, even if somewhat annoying at times.
[Fallout:New Vegas](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fallout:_New_Vegas) is a really good game as well. When you get bored and yet still have the hunger for similar gaming, it's a good choice.
But aren't those parks to be auctioned off to the business people so they can ["become productive."](http://www.takepart.com/article/2016/11/18/trump-public-lands-national-monuments-and-environment/) If so, perhaps it's best that the public learn about it sooner rather than later: Republicans have been chomping at the proverbial bit since forever as concerns turning national assets into personal, individual wealth.
It's been confusing from the beginning of the game: Why does it look like the war happened last month instead of two hundred years previously? Someone didn't think things through....
&gt; ..one group dispersing the "truth" But that's what all religionists everywhere want, as long as it is *their* religion.
I've just recently (yesterday) finally replaced all my human provisioners with assaultrons built with storage armor options. Benefits are that they walk faster than the humans (granted, this is a meaningless thing other than the alleviation of a personal gripe) and they free up humans from a dangerous task so the humans can tend gourds and melons (not sure about the benefit gain on this one) and the assaultrons dual wield with a weapon on each arm. This actually took me a couple of days of rl game play to track down and do the builds and swaps, but it was something I wanted to do. The reason I put so much attention into my provisioners (humans assigned early in the game get all the best weapons and armor) is that as my character does the walking around the commonwealth thing, any fight will automatically draw in a nearby provisioner if they are in range. I will often walk with them between settlements when there is a known trouble spot nearby or if I know I'm going to stir up some shit on the way and want an assist. Having armed and armored provisioners can be a very useful thing in a number of different ways.
Too much makeup detracts from her natural beauty as well. Not very appealing.
Over a month Skyrim free now, but only because I'm waiting for SKSSE by playing Fallout 4. March or April will bring a new computer and a new round of Skyrim adventuring.
Wouldn't it be more accurate to call them "timing crystals?" There is a difference between time (change as measured over distance) and timing (frequency of change as measured over distance.) It may seem like a little thing but they really are different things.
This whole anti-Mexico thing is so stupid. A better solution to this "problem" would be to find a way to merge Mexico into the U.S. whilst keeping their culture alive and healthy. Win/win solutions are best.
Can't be gone soon enough.
Yeah, a talking dog with a modern Jersey accent. Still, a nice dog. Have to wonder who was smokin' what at Bethesda when they decided a Jersey accent was a good fit.
No, I turn off radios ASAP. It's not that the songs are bad -- most are really good to great songs -- but one can only hear them so many times before they start to grate on the eardrums. Same reason I turn off background game music after I've heard it once or twice -- sound gets old fast when it doesn't inform in the context of the game. This is also why NPCs can be so annoying when repeating the same few things over and over again. After the first few times, nothing is really added to the game by the sound and it becomes a distraction, then an annoying distraction, and finally just an annoyance. Bethesda or some modder would do good to come up with a way to just turn off any particular NPC's mouth. Sounds that don't grate? Birds and wind in Skyrim are done well, both by Bethesda and modders. Water is good with mods. FO4 has some areas that do well with environmental sounds (Sanctuary in parts has good bird sound) and some areas that just over do the sound (metal grating sounds downtown, etc.)
No, but you will get some disk space back which is usually a good thing. Edit: I have seen a weird thing, but it was a Windows 10 thing whereby Windows would lose track of the time and date for some strange, unknown reason, which would cause both Fallout 4 and Skyrim SE to not be able to load the last save game correctly. The fix being to get Windows 10 to get the correct time again, usually by letting Windows 10 access the internet and get updates. This time-problem thing with Windows 10 has not happened for a few months now so I'm assuming (and hoping) they finally got it fixed.
No one can begin to answer your question until you say what platform and, if you're on a PC, what version of the game you're playing.
Try this first: Fast travel to another city and see if a follower shows up? Edit: Read the first couple of replies [on this page](https://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/191475-the-elder-scrolls-v-skyrim-special-edition/74714834?page=1) and see if they don't fix your problem.
One to redefine the word, half a million to scream, "Yea!" whilst writing papers in support.
It's only Marcie and Jun Long who piss me off at Sanctuary. I deal with it by making them wear blue batting helmets and do gourd duty out in the North Forty -- forever!
I am a vet and I love the VA! Granted, this is totally anecdotal support for your statement, but still....
Abusing the poor, helpless bot. Please tell me you don't kick puppies and make two year old girls eat strawberries for dinner....
I blame the pizza. Not the pizza cat, just the pizza -- the one I had for dinner. I don't think that pig was completely dead when they threw him on the pie...
You didn't answer my question, cat bot thingy person....
I've seen plenty of fat cats. Are you sure that fact is correct? I'm suspecting it's in error....
See? Fat cats.
That's a mammalian thing, true? Edit: Damn bot.
TIL that [civet poop coffee](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kopi_Luwak) is a real thing. And I thought that other universe was weird....
[Black Ivory Coffee](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Ivory_coffee) comes from elephant dung, which comes from the asian elephant's ass, which itself comes from an asian elephant's ass, which came from an asian elephant's ass...where this ends nobody knows.
I lived in Portland, Oregon for 25 years -- **I've seen some shit, man!** Still doesn't beat NYC, I know.
Kinda wet, kinda weird on the Western side; Kinda dry, kinda conservative on the Eastern side. Definite split personality action going on there.
Isn't that rich: Hillary R. Clinton calling someone else ["deplorable."](https://www.google.com/search?client=ubuntu&amp;channel=fs&amp;q=deplorable+definition&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8)
Bot's gotta 'tude today. Find a puppy in your litter box, did ya?
A different take on, "Here, have a fishy stick."
I think it has been obvious from the start of this administration that these people are not interested in leadership and governing, they are in it for the plunder -- they're pirates.
Hillary is trashing everything and everyone (except her royal self) in an attempt to stay relevant, but that ship has sailed. It's only the msm that keeps her in the news in the mistaken belief that anyone cares about what happens to her; other than her going to prison, she's just bad news.
[Read this page](http://forum.notebookreview.com/threads/unable-to-remove-keyboard-on-sager-np7358-clevo-w350ss.752115/) for your answers. Google is your friend.
Only proven way to get and hold a republican/conservative/rich human's attention is to hit them in the wallet/spreadsheet so hard they shit their proverbial pants. If you want them to yield, you have to do it again and again and again until they bleed from the eyes from crying so much.
What material did you use? Some type of wood, maybe?
Wow, congratulations on making a true shit post.
More like, "makes you look like *a* shit" but that is just a personal preference thing -- either one works!
Golden, as in Golden Turd Award material!
I have days like that....
Cheesed.
Hah! This is better than most modern Hollywood movies!
Because they are willfully stupid and think their beliefs have more weight than objective reality. There is nothing you can do about those people except to identify them and keep them out of politics. If you have politicians pandering to those types of people then you need to get new politicians.
Did you look at your Windows 10 network configuration first? Check the NIC card status Device Manager first. This link will help: [Having Connectivity Issues in Windows 10? Try These Fixes!](http://www.tomshardware.com/faq/id-2751316/connectivity-issues-windows-fixes.html)
Always check/verifiy hardware first after checking Device Manager: If it says it's working, give it the benefit of the doubt and check your hardware. You should know that a common ending to a tech support call is something like, "Bad Muffy, bad!" Click. Silly users would rather spend two hours on the phone than spend sixty seconds getting on their hands and knees and verifying that the cable is whole from one end to the other. Amazing.
Understood. Bypass the QNAP with an ethernet cable directly from the NIC to the the closest connection you have to your ISPs service, usually their router or one you own which hooks into your phone or cable line. Again, this is part of the verifying hardware part of the deal. Once you have done this, force Windows to restart networking or reboot, whichever is easiest for you. The idea is to make Windows and the NIC go through the DHCP process with the router. See if you can get online.
So you have: Verified the direct cable from the laptop to the router is good; Turned off the laptop; Rebooted the router (forces DHCP with the ISPs server); Then rebooted your laptop (forces DHCP with the router); Checked for internet access; if no, check Device Manager (again.) I know this seems like a pain in the ass, but you have to verify hardware first before software or you can waste days chasing a problem that doesn't even exist.
Okay. Your router should have a web-based interface that you can access when all is working. You want to see if you can get to it or at least ping the router. Open your browser of choice and in the URL line enter: http://192.168.0.1 **or* http://192.168.0.10 *or* one of the other common local addresses. Your router documentation will have the specific one, but those two above are the most common. Alternately, you can do a [ping test.](https://iihelp.iinet.net.au/How_to_run_a_ping_test) Browser is faster for what we are doing here, which is just verifying that your Windows 10/NIC is seeing/talking with the router. **NOTE** Forgot to say, but you must disable the wireless to check these things with the NIC or Windows will just use whatever connection it has that works.
127.0.0.1 is just your computer talking to itself and isn't useful for checking your NIC. Try the router addresses: 192.168.0.1 192.168.0.10 You want to see if you can access the router. Here is where you really need your ISPs info about your router and what that address is because there are a number of them an ISP can use. I say ISP but I mean the router as configured, usually by the ISP but sometimes by the user. If you've changed this number then you know what it is. Also, the address 203.0.178.191 is probably not the router, but a name server or something else. We just want the router and so don't worry about stuff on the other side of the router yet.
**If your Windows 10/NIC can talk to the router,** but you still can't get on the internet, then it's one of two things: ~ An ISP issue: Pay your bill, check for outages in your area, etc. ~ A Windows 10 configuration issue, probably involving the basics like gateway address, Nameserver addresses, etc. **If your Windows 10/NIC cannot talk to the router,** then: First, try a different port in the back of the router (they do burn out.) Do the ping test; if successful, use the browser to connect to the router to verify. Second, try a different cable (they do break or get flakey and need to be replaced, but this is kinda rare -- usually they either work or they don't. If the cable is old and hasn't been manipulated in a while they can become brittle -- copper wire -- but again,this is pretty rare.) Do the ping test; if successful, use the browser to connect to the router to verify. Third: If you get to this point and still can't connect, you can now start checking software configs. Let me know what happens.
All I can say is...Thanks Millennials!
Here, [check this list.](https://www.reddit.com/r/POLITIC/comments/4idg2e/a_compilation_of_wrongdoings_by_hillary_clinton/) If you still don't understand, it's only because you don't want to understand.
Wow, that Bjork video is strange....
[Just guylie things.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpVIIjSlqP4)
Not that I'm being judgemental, mind you, but when you bait right-wingers like that you're going to attract flying tomatoes. I know there are those types of folks who like to put themselves on the firing line for the sake of entertainment and such and I appreciate their efforts, but seriously, don't complain about having to wipe tomato off your face after such behavior.
You no know how eat noodle, yankee panty clown!
"...can't stand Clinton." Truer words were never written. This constant rehash is just the msm and their owners slinging Clinton crap at walls hoping something, somewhere, somehow will stick and they can rationalize running her yet again. [We know who and what Hillary R. Clinton is and we are not interested.](https://www.reddit.com/r/POLITIC/comments/4idg2e/a_compilation_of_wrongdoings_by_hillary_clinton/)
Your second image link is messed up; it points to the same image as the first one.
All the talk from the GOP/Conservatives these past eight years suggests they think the only good government is a dead government: Why should they make any attempt to make it work when what they really want is to destroy it?
If you allow [Saint Shaun's Special](http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/16404/?) then yes, yes I am.
Why? It's 250 gold for just some chatting. That's a significant amount of gold at level one....
Patch it like /u/brey_wyert suggests or you will be sorry. Minimum should be the Unofficial Patch available on the Nexus for Skyrim SE.
Take away weasel words and logical fallacies and the GOP is reduced to, "tax breaks for billionaires; abuse the freedom of people not billionaires (and their toadies); drown government in a bathtub."
It's a common thing: Dark bottom with a light top.
If a dollar sign hat hat hat now appears then you should know you're on the wrong side of the glass. Edit: Yup, there it is. Oh, dear.
I don't want to be poled, but thanks for asking.
I've been looking for information on this but can't find it. Point me in the right direction, please? Thanks.
Negative interest rates enforced and collected by banks on large accumulations of wealth which are stagnant -- anywhere inside the orbit of Pluto.
Yeah, no kidding: Brothers-in-arms and behaviors.
Mirelurks must taste like lobster because of all the lobster traps and floats -- at least that's what my mind rationalizes. Killing lots of mirelurks always makes me think of dinner....
I doubt McConnell, Ryan, et al have any problem throwing Trump under the bus once he crosses whatever their imaginary line is. In fact, it won't take much effort at all to make themselves look good in the process if they time it right.
It's not about the guns; they are just a tool. It's about the power over others, turning the energy and time of their lives to one's favor, and both are equally abhorrent in this regard, as are all belief-based religions.
Well, for starters, it helps if you're smarter than the screen door....
Yeah, would have to be under a dome or some such thing.
Florida? Edit: Oh.
You're welcome.
Yes, [Alpine Linux is an OS.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alpine_Linux) It is not a cow. It is not a pig. Thanks [Dr. Seuss!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dr._Seuss)
Wow, someone actually beat /u/jaimmster at something -- and it was me! I'd like to thank &lt;insert thirty minute, eye- and ear-numbing speech here&gt; Yeah! *&lt;Hops around like a little kid.&gt;* I'd like to thank /u/FruitKnuist for the great prize &lt;insert thirty minute, eye- and ear-numbing speech here&gt; Yeah! *&lt;Passes out on the floor from exhaustion&gt;*
What was the result of the ping to 127.0.0.1 with the wireless disabled? Need to see it.
"Trump has swapped out serious ideas for a jobs program with a scheme to turn over public infrastructure assets to private interests, which would be able to extract profits under the flimsiest of supervision." -- from the article Standard operating procedure for Republicans, so no surprises here. That the infrastructure item of concern is the air traffic control system should make anyone with half a brain shudder in fear.
Okay. Tells us that the networking stack for Windows is working at a basic level. Find where Windows 10 gives you the networking information on your NIC card and find these things: netmask: default gateway: IP address: MAC address: You also want to see if it's set to automatically configure (DHCP) or is being set manually.
Business people don't think that far ahead: Five quarters out is about the best you can ever expect from them.
It should be specific to your wired NIC card/chip, which is to say there will be separate items for your wifi. Look in Device Manager for your NIC card and one of the tabs should have these items listed on it.
Show it here.
You missed putting in the Default Gateway, need to see it.
There is your problem. Your NIC is not configured for access to the router. [This page will help you do it.](http://www.dummies.com/programming/networking/configuring-network-connections-windows-10/) Don't let the "dummies" thing bother you, it just means they are trying extra hard to make it simple. In a nutshell, you want the NIC to automatically connect and configure with the router. Your QNAP thingy may require something different. If you're having problems then you need to acknowledge you're at the beginning of a learning curve and just start reading and learning until you can do it yourself, or, get someone locally who can do it for you. This is not something I'm going to do over the internet with someone who doesn't understand the basics of networking, sorry. Good luck!
Submission: [Too Happy Pepper](http://i.imgur.com/KFupAeG.jpg) [Dominance &amp; Submission](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpKJUa6IoBs)
Humor is a good thing.
As usual as business.
Says the person who masturbates far too often.
"I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country." -- Thomas Jefferson Oops. Seems our Founding Fathers really screwed up when they made sure that the monied men would always have the upper hand. They really should have included hard checks against wealth as a form of power instead of just the treason-related charges, but since they were the wealthy of their time, they made the mistake of assuming that future wealthy folks would be as enlightened and reasonable as they: They were wrong.
I would try it.
Edgy smedgy -- it's rock and roll! From the 1970s. Now get off my lawn.
I've never punched a screen, but many a mouse has become airborne.
But, but...those are beer cans.
Economics is a social science, not a hard science like math or chemistry, and since words like "sociopathic", "paranoid" and "malevolent" are words used by the social sciences, it does make sense that they are used in this context.
Yeah, I have a couple of Sager laptops which both have Windows 10 and Ubuntu 16.4. I do the separate drives thing and use the BIOS selector to pick which one to use at boot. The only problem I have -- and it's a really annoying problem -- is that Windows 10 doesn't know how to keep time properly and so I have to set the hardware clock to local time instead of world time or my save files in Windows get all messed up, which is an issue for the games I play (the only thing Windows gets used for, btw.) Pain in the ass. Microsoft is so stupid and slow to catch up to the real world, and when they do finally decide to do the standard, it'll take them a decade to finally get it right.
No they should not. "Social" anything does nothing but draw flies after decades of abuse by the right-wingers and their rich-man funders, but it's hard to argue against "progress" unless you're a modern version of a [Ludditte](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luddite) or one of the paid shill/astroturfers the rich people are funding these days. The worse things get, the better progress sounds.
Would if I could but I can't so I won't.
Nice one! Your mom has good taste.
Strollin' down main street in Lexington, whistling Dixie....
Thanks, good to know.
...and materials science. His shoe soles on that non-skid decking contributed greatly to his faceplant.
Most likely Stephen is twelve.
&gt; ...paarthunax survived by disguising himself as a guar... That might be worth paying to see -- figuratively speaking, of course.
Seriously, something like SKSE should be built in to the actual release, somewhat like the [Creation Kit.](https://en.uesp.net/wiki/Skyrim:Steam_Workshop)
From the link above: "...Morroblivion is a fully playable, working game world. Quests, NPCs, creatures, items, and graphical features all have been painstakingly converted, upgraded and/or created by hand to bring a true-to-the-original experience that takes advantage of many of Oblivion's advanced features."
My perception is that most people in this sub are [omni-sexuals](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pansexuality) and so it doesn't really matter. Except for the lolz -- lolz *always* matter!
Where's the joke? I don't get it.
I think she is Lebanese, but I could be wrong -- she might be Israeli. But was *the food* good?
“He needs to be fired. He needs to be taken out of that job...If you’re not going to be honest during your confirmation hearing, then you ought to be gone.” -- E. Warren, from the article Well, she does make a good point: If the guy can't even be honest one time at the very beginning of his tenure, why should -- or could -- anyone trust him to be honest thereafter?
Freezer cake forever is my guess. Cake cook has mad-modeller paint brush/airbrush skills.
What airbrush you using?
Ah, thanks. Been shopping/researching airbrushes this past week and the process has left me grumpy -- and looking at Iwata as the bare minimum for a decent airbrush.
Someone finally figured out that letting them call that crap "Mexican food" is a real crime.
A sexy meme? This is too vague: I knew a girl once who was really into warm asphalt...try making a quality meme out of that, will ya.
Contest submission: [Sexy Asphalt](http://i.imgur.com/6mAKKkN.jpg) Related: [Sexy Asphalt, the Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XJWAXLHU5U)
[The Sexy Asphalt video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XJWAXLHU5U)
&gt; The market is simply too narrow for a massive project like Elder Scrolls to be supported entirely by VR players... Not only that, but the true problem with VR is the HID command interface, and what we have available now (keyboards, mice, game controllers) is no where near adequate for quality VR immersion. Most people intuitively know this and are thus avoiding this round of the VR hype-train.
Speech! Speech! Spinach! Spinoza! Oh, er, got carried away, sorry. Ahem.
You're a fruit! But you get an E+ for enthusiasm.
...and that part too.
The commute will kill ya -- and forget about savings (and food) after that fuel bill.
Just taking her brain a second to figure out what is happening, probably due to unfamiliar surroundings.
Bethesda made Skyrim to make as much use of RAM as possible, to the point of not limiting it in a lot of places. This lets them squeeze out the last bit of performance from limited RAM on 32-bit systems. The downside is that when the game runs out of RAM to call and use, you get a CTD. It's a trade off, that's all. It's something you have to put up with if you run 32-bit Skyrim. Want more stability? Use Special Edition on a 64-bit machine and get more RAM. The tradeoff is that SKSE isn't yet available and some mods are thus not available. The upside concerning mods is that a great many that required SKSE in Oldrim have been reworked for Skyrim SE and are available, just without the SkyUI configure feature (most use the old book-configure routine, which works just fine.) So stop beating your head on the table, it's not your fault.
Running out of RAM. You can watch your RAM usage. I just got used to it with Oldrim and made sure I saved frequently. Reboot on CTD to get clean RAM (Windows does horrible memory management) and you're good to go for another hour or so....
You're welcome, hope it helps.
Oddly enough, most of the famous traitors in U.S. history did it for the money and favors and could not have cared less about ideology.
Feeling a bit literal today, are we? I looked them up, listened to "I am sexy" on utube and...that was strange.
It's the logic of the times, dontchaknow.
Maybe not in 3D, but in 4D it's big $$$!
Does Trump win a prize or something? Obama never even got close to this score.
But true carnivores don't like pudding...oh, this is one of those gay innuendo things again, huh?
Covfefe is trendier even if really vague.
You old people are so cute!
&gt;...one of the truly great people... Trump's main problem is that he thinks with his mouth.
Don't bother trying to burst his bubble because it is clear acrylic -- and very thick.
What a shit site. Here's [a better link](http://abc13.com/entertainment/coroner-carrie-fisher-died-of-sleep-apnea-other-factors/2109450/) that actually works and has information.
My Commonwealth is green with living trees and lots of grasses: The war was *two hundred years* previous to game date.
That could work, but the people who live in that neighborhood will not like it at all after that first experience; insane traffic for hours before and after, monsterous levels of air pollution from all the vehicles *and* the fireworks. Very nasty business. Move it to Gowen Field and call it good.
You forgot the /s
I really don't know if they've ever done the fireworks show there once, but I kinda doubt they'd be able to do it twice -- in the same generation anyway.
Well, if your dog can sniff out hot-to-trot twat then perhaps he earns his treats.
&gt; Dónde está la maldita biblioteca En el culo - con huevos, por supuesto.
How about you tell us your: RAM amount; your CPU; your video chip/card?
&gt; the game crashed after about 1 hour of gaming. Skyrim has the memory limitations of a 32-bit game and when it hits those limits, you get a CTD -- usually takes about an hour or so, depending on your mod weight (how much additional RAM your mods are using.) Cut back on the mods and you might get a few more minutes, might not -- depends on where you go, the textures loaded, script loads, etc. Research via Google for Skyrim memory problems/limitations and you'll find oodles and oodles of information, a couple of fixes and the final solution: You can either put up with the CTDs and play Oldrim, or use Special Edition and have the trade-off of a smaller selection of mods (for now.) Some say those tricks to extend memory access for Oldrim work, some say it's crap. I personally don't know either way, I just accepted the limitation and saved more frequently and rebooted on CTD, then moved to Special Edition when it came out. Hope this helps.
If you walk up to his sacrophagus platform quickly, stop at the top and wait for him to pop the top and climb out, you can put a paralysis arrow into him. He will still warp, but when he re-appears he will be paralyzed and wounded. Hit him again before he can move with another paralysis arrow; rinse and repeat until he is dead. Also, the real guy doesn't have that purple-ish glow around the edges of his image, so you can make him out fairly easily.
"The Articles of Confederation failed because they did not give Congress and the national government enough power." [Source](https://www.enotes.com/homework-help/why-did-articles-confederation-fail-216807) It's a very simple explanation meant for grade school kids. I remember from school that the big idea pushed in classroom instruction was that the states basically choked commerce to death with border taxes.
Pretty sure that piano guy is gay, but no one really knows for sure....
A night at the club with a dose of MDMA is a better fit. Note that I am not a doctor although I play one on the internets -- for a fee.
As a person who went to five different grade schools and three different high schools, all I can say is Fack you Kritios.
I'll be your friend, but only on the internets -- for a fee.
Ah, so sitting in a bladder somewhere, waiting to be disposed of? I hate it when I have to pay to pee.
Don't say "fee" twice in rapid succession: The French dog bites!
You need to see this if you haven't already: [Everyday I'm Drinking](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrU1hZxSEXQ)
Er, no. In related news, I hit the Ten Year Club on Reddit this week (if I remember correctly.)
How can you tell? Inquiring minds wanna know so they don't miss out on the action.
This was true for most newspapers back in the day as well. Only a few of the big city newspapers ever did much in the way of world-class journalism. Local papers might do some questioning of local politicians and the dog-catcher scandal, but rarely anything more. My point being that not much has changed as regards journalism.
Well, you caught your error so your guy credentials are safe.
Yes, they are very well engineered. I've only ever owned the top tier machines but they've always been easy to disassemble for cleaning and adding/swapping components. You can usually find instructions or videos on the 'tube for doing those things.
I won? Again? With Sexy Asphalt, which actually beat out Puri's Sexy Piano Guy (no innuendo intended.) Man, I gotta go get a lottery ticket. I'd like to thank &lt;insert thirty minute, eye- and ear-numbing speech here&gt; Sweet! &lt;Hops around like a little kid hopped up on sugar.&gt; I'd like to thank /u/FruitKnuist for the great prize &lt;insert thirty minute, eye- and ear-numbing speech here&gt; Shiney! &lt;Passes out on the floor from exhaustion; snores like a drunk pig.&gt; Now pardon me while my head swells up and I am full of myself for at least thirty seconds (no innuendo intended.)
I think Puri is meme-challenged. He'll recover, eventually.
Oops, sorry, simple misspelling.
oKay!
Submission: [Pooping Heron](http://i.imgur.com/D5GCRqS.jpg) Example: See front page of SAA
Dank je.
Ah, the ol' emergency-potato-in-the-pants technique. I always forget about that one.
I don't know about that, but I do know that organized labor is dying a natural death due to automation. The transition is gaining speed over time and it is inevitable. This fixation with the old patterns is what is fundamentally wrong with progressives: Going back to what worked a century ago isn't going to address the problems we face now. Better that progressives go to fundamentals like defining societal values to be achieved and engineering new methods to get there instead of insisting that society as a whole wear old, ill-fitting shoes. So, for example, instead of betting the farm on labor unions, look to basic income fixes along with population growth controls. Labor unions might still play a small part, but that will diminish over time. As concerns the Democrats and labor in the 1970s, labor unions screwed themselves for a generation with the over-bearing strikes of the 1970s. Personally, I think labor unions in the U.S. chose the wrong path when they decided that striking was the best way to deal with ownership/wealth sharing problems: They should have gone the collective buyout and ownership-by-worker methods of dealing with the crony capitalists -- the world would be a different place now.
&gt;...an age of abundance...The conclusion is that all businesses will change..." Or an age of artificial scarcity, jerry-rigged by bad law written by toady politicians for their crony capitalist bosses, which is what we are seeing more and more of these days. Can't have it both ways, Eric, and dual legal systems -- one for the upper class and one for everyone else -- isn't going to last very long at all and will be anything but stable.
It is a wilful lack and so not a lack at all. It is the pretense of wilful ignorance by someone who knows the facts otherwise but takes this grandstanding stance for political expediency.
Yeah, it's your ass's fault I won this past week, so thanks!
Modding or not, be sure to get the main patch: [Unofficial Skyrim Special Edition Patch.](http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/266/?) From the fine website link, " - Hundreds of gameplay, quest, NPC, object, item, text and placement bugs fixed." Not having this patch will result in you going crazy. You were warned.
You must be new to Bethesda games.
Plows? There is no plowing. Guy is a rude asshole to be sure, but there is no *plowing.*
&gt; ...most mods don't work with it This is misleading. Most of the most used and useful mods have already been ported over and don't even require SKSE.
[Coconut](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tbgv8PkO9eo)
I think I just killed that bot. I'm not sure if I should be sad, mad or glad.
That clip doesn't work out of context, at least for me. Brutal and bloody usually takes some preparation, kinda like lube, ya know?
[Avocado](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcQ76f2C548)
Well, as a Baby Boomer myself, I have to admit there is some *small* bit of truth to that, but it's not *all* boomers who are guilty.
And an evil grin...with a boot on Lil' Nell's belly as she's tied to the tracks in front of the incoming train. Add an evil laugh and the offer to Lil' Nell of future favors rendered in exchange for life and freedom and you have someone else completely -- but it's the thought that counts, eh? Now pardon me as I twirl my top hat onto my head, kick the dog and exit stage left.
&gt; ...I'm having difficulty understand why... You are getting Morrowind out of context in time. When it was released, it was the premier experience for first-person RPG adventuring on the PC; nothing else had such an immersive experience for RPG players. Add to this the classical-literature-worthy storyline and it was something great. Because you are getting into it after having consumed Oblivion and Skyrim, it is familiar and somewhat bland in comparison. If you had been new to it upon original release, it would have been a different experience.
Reminds me of poor people who support Trump.
You are partially correct, but it's population growth control in all respects that has to be addressed, not just immigration.
This article is a libertarian orgasmic delight: If granny can't pull her weight then she can die in the street. "If you’re going to cut that much money out, it’s going to be coming from older people and people with disabilities” says this quote from the article.
&gt; ...not an honest examination of reality." So who gets to define "honest" in this context: Is it two "eminent political scientists" who base their thinking about democracy based on an economic theorist's thinking about democracy? This article doesn't take you down a rabbit hole so much as it gives you a tour of the rat warren that is U.S. representative democracy. "You mention the problem of elites, and that really is a key dilemma in your analysis. It’s not so much about greater mass participation, which doesn’t necessarily make things better, as it is about getting elites to not rig the system in their favor." -- from the article This is worth reading, but keep your thinking cap on and working.
Did you like the kit for fit and detail? Looks good here, but finished art hides warts.
Do a search on Amazon for "race car decals" (without the quotes) and you'll be in decal Heaven.
put the word model in your search string and voila!
TES6
Really? Wow -- [Crash to Desktop.](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=ctd)
Well, I wouldn't say that or agree that it's true but it's more likely than not it is a drunk who stumbled into the water on the way home from the tavern or pub or whatever they call them here.
Airbrushed or rattle canned?
Leeches? Leeching is what the one percent do best so of course that is their solution.
STOP
It's a fruit joke; you should be happy!
The shitty is strong with this one.
You should hold out for the required tab indentation.
**STOP CALLING THEM CONSERVATIVES!** There is nothing conservative about them; that part of the GOP was marked for exclusion in the 1960s and has been almost completely chased out of the party. What they truly are is right-wing reactionaries who are only interested in the money they can get out of the U.S. for themselves and their billionaire funders. If you really need to call them something, define them by what they want (their values) as defined by the actions they choose and call them what they are: [reactionary](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reactionary) [crony](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crony_capitalism) [capitalist rentiers,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rentier_capitalism) or crony capitalists as short form. **STOP CALLING THEM CONSERVATIVES!** By doing so you only help to legitimize their positions and action. Real conservatism actually has some social value when exercised properly, but what these people want and do has value only for themselves and their big money men.
I have days like that....
Seems I remember a photo where she reminds me of Elvira.
Oregon would be more than happy to sell them all they can smoke -- or cook, boil, saute, fry, etc.
&gt; CNN is having a horrible week CNN is horrible FTFY
I up voted this but don't read anything into that -- I up vote everything.
Isn't that particular plague considered endemic to the Southwest of the U.S.? If so, it's not really a case of, "Again."
Kit or scratch build?
I got into Unix in the mid-1980s and so later in the mid-1990s when I heard about this newish thing called Linux -- and was sick of Win95 crashes on my first brand new IBM/Intel PC -- I installed Linux from a Sam's Slackware Linux CD from a book purchased at Powell's in Portland (1.something but immediately upgraded to the fancy/dancy new 2.something over the internet on a home DSL line which was friggin' expensive, let me tell ya) and only ever again used Windows for gaming. *GASP* Ran Slackware up to 2009 or so, then moved to Ubuntu. Fuck Microsoft and their crappy attitudes and even crappier software. No, I don't grow a beard on my neck or wear suspenders. I wrote my first program in 1967, two years before I learned to type. I don't have a lawn for you to get off of but the thought remains all the same. If you're lucky then some day you'll be old with an attitude too. Good luck with that.
Yes.
PM2.5 is just another way to say ["diesel."](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2017/05/170526084541.htm)
Keep trying with the intent to go a little longer each time. Eventually you will realize that those withdrawal effects only last seventy-two hours or so; everything beyond that is just behavior modification (do something else when the occasional urge hits, which passes in less than a minute.) The only thing that pisses me off about having quit smoking is realizing how easy it was: After the first three days it gets much, much easier.
Now *that* is rope burn.
True, but for most city folks in the U.S.A., those diesel trucks are the primary source of their intake of PM2.5 unless they are directly downwind of a coal-fired generation plant, which is more and more unlikely.
Okay, so how would you rate the danger of diesel in regards to the PM2.5 threat?
Interesting. Thanks for the thoughtful reply, it was most informative and useful.
Too cute!
I think the machine won that round.
Quality cake has quality -- the sign says so so it must be true!
Now look what you just did to my pretty, pretty bubble.
Ah, the ol' Amsterdam Banana-Roofie Pudding Delight. That would explain a lot....
Markarth is the easiest, just walk right in, talk to the Mage doing the excavation and you're on and in.
Mostly Another Giant Asshole -- who drives a Prius? The cognitive dissonance resonates strongly from this one.
Yes we are. Good philosophy you have there. Get it from Reddit?
I use a reusable plastic bottle which folds down when empty and can fit in a pocket or a purse. Get a few of these and you can have both the convenience *and* not make a lot of trash. You can find them on Amazon easy enough.
