Okay, benefit of the doubt on one front, maybe it's the first time the guy's seen that. But still, he thought it was funny enough to spend $4 on a super-upvote? Come on!
*Unjerk* My computer's not even strong enough for the second one, and I'm genuinely disappointed about this because I liked the first one and I've heard 2 and 3 are infinitely better. *Rejerk* CAN'T UPVOTE ENOUGH!
General life tip, if someone can't be bothered to write "you" their arguments probably aren't worth listening to.
Regardless of what he calls himself, Bernie Sanders isn't a socialist either. And even if he was, socialism ≠ evil. And even then, Hillary's winning.
Question; has /r/European always been a neo-Nazi shithole, or was it taken over at some point?
Good, Teletubbies was creepy as shit!
And this is what happens when TiA is your favourite subreddit.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure this guy has no idea how movie production works, pretty sure they're pretty big on firearm safety. Especially since Brandon Lee died.
Oh. Well that's silly, Spain.
Uh... what's the point this is trying to make? Real men wear jeans?
Just like they've dominated hockey! ^(23/30 NHL teams are American and yet the players are half Canadian with significant Swedish, Finnish, Russian, Czech and Slovak minorities)
I vote for Dracule Mihawk
&gt; mainly because she was there back when it was first-wave. ***DAMN***, Christina Hoff Sommers is old.
Oh, good, I've already tagged everyone in that thread as an idiot! I should really come up with more creative tags...
Rich coming from a guy who spent his career desperately trying to be br00tal as fuqq in a transparent attempt to get teenagers who fall for edgy bullshit to listen to his music. You are the Shadow the Hedgehog of metal! Slipknot is my favourite punching bag.
Fun fact; this guy's a TRPer.
If it's any consolation, [Randy Savage made a rap album.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUPxEUdI4HE)
Dude, false balance is real deception. I think they're a bunch of idiots and have no hesitation in saying so, and this does not contradict my beliefs in any meaningful way. Besides which, nobody's censoring them by calling them idiots.
It's theft about as much as a person from Toronto heading to Buffalo to buy something. Which is to say not at all.
And I *don't* care about Jenner. I'm supportive of transfolk 'n all, and I do wish people weren't being dicks to her, but... a gold medal 17 years before I was born representing a country I don't live in in a sport I don't watch. Not really something I'm too excited about.
Seriously, biggest factor in cancer survival is catching it early. Senators GM Bryan Murray was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer that had spread to his lungs and liver last November, doctors think he may have had cancer for ten years beforehand, and at that point treatment can only prolong his life, it *will* kill him. (And on the other end of the spectrum, Leafs forward Phil Kessel was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2006, was declared cancer free ***five days later*** and only wound up missing eleven games)
... Pokemon and Yu Gi Oh, masterpieces. No, I cannot abide. Nothing 4kids touches is a masterpiece.
Again; I am not a communist. I don't think it can be implemented well. I just don't have a problem with people who are and do.
Oh, fuck off, this kind of empty slacktivist "support" is worse than indifference.
Gotta imagine there's a fair number of military personnel that loathe how the right use them to make idiotic "points" against left wing ideas.
&gt; Except the people that get sued for not going along with the EVENT. When gay marriage is deemed a civil right I guarantee, within the first year, a preacher will be sued for denying to perform a gay marriage ***and that my friend is the end goal.*** N-no, I don't want the ability to get married *just* so I can sue some random church for not going along with it. You're stupid. ^(Of course I've already got that chucklefuck tagged as "gay marriage will lead to child marriage," so that's not news to me)
Rally drivers don't have to deal with pack racing. I've played enough racing sims to know that going 180+ miles an hour with two other cars within 6 inches of you is *hard*.
Also a good thing [this dude](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBHXQ4OjeK8) wasn't the co-driver.
... Thank you so much.
Could just cheat yourself some extra funds with the debug console.
3 wars? Heh? Iraq and Afghanistan are over, and I'm not sure the bombing campaign against ISIS counts as a war.
&gt; The Comical Conservative Is this what passes for humour in Republican circles?
I didn't realize Dream Theater and Steve Vai are guitar techniques.
&gt; Recently I saw this shit when I was in grade 9. *That was 7 years ago.* [And Snopes calls bullshit anyway.](http://www.snopes.com/politics/soapbox/schoolrules.asp)
Sorta like seeing each other occasionally but not really intending it to be a long-term sort of thing.
Well, he said *for* 40 years, not 40 years ago. But that's still bullshit, jazz didn't really take off until the 20s, so I guess in this guy's universe Elvis didn't real.
&gt;&gt; And considering Orwell was a massive socialist &gt; Massive? This is overstatement. "Orwell was a socialist" wouldn't look this silly. Here's a couple Orwell quotes! &gt; Every line of serious work that I have written since 1936 has been written, directly or indirectly, against totalitarianism and for democratic Socialism, as I understand it - &gt; the only régime which, in the long run, will dare to permit freedom of speech is a Socialist régime.
Well this title is misleading as fuck. Anyway, people who constantly whine about political correctness are way more annoying than political correctness itself could ever be.
&gt; It's ridiculous to say "Obama is too conservative" when he's definitely more left than the vast majority of those currently in the government. Well then the entire government is ***WAY*** too conservative!
University student for now. Not really sure what direction I want to go with after that. I'd like to get in film criticism in some form, but I'm not sure how viable that is. Other than that, I've got a cocktail of psychological disorders that sorta force me to not think about these things too hard.
&gt; Bill Maher attempts to be witty I like that phrasing.
Right, I'm spreading lies about 9/11 to protect George Bush and Dick Cheney, whom I've described in the past as war criminals and human rights violators.
I wouldn't exactly put George III in the same category as Hitler, Pol Pot and Stalin...
Even only children?
I can't wait.
Lying to us by doing exactly what they said they were going to do and cracking down on harassment.
So Zoe Quinn is so powerful she has control over who E3 invites, but GG is winning. Cool.
Yeah, it's particularly bad whenever muslims or women come up. I could say that about the defaults in general, really.
Bit of everything, but mostly metal. Particularly of the symphonic, power and prog varieties.
I haven't really been able to design a good interplanetary craft yet, so... any tips for that? (Also, think already know the answer to this one, but is it silly of me to not like warping a whole year for the window?)
Congratulations!
Seriously, the original plan according to teh biebl was Adam and a bunch of animals, so by that logic we should all be zoophiles...
There are a lot of logical ways to invalidate these kinds of arguments.
You ever notice how these people, without fail, don't point to a single instance of SRS brigading a post? I mean one of the rules over there is you should put the comment karma at time of posting in the title, and people who are paying attention (i.e. not these jokers) will probably notice nearly every comment winds up with *more* after the fact.
Points for not saying 1984, I guess.
Oh, god, I hope that doesn't hurt Brad Bird's career too badly.
Skarka's Law. "On internet messageboards, there is no subject so vile or indefensible that someone won't post positively/in defense of it."
And this is why internet petitions are joke. &gt; 27 supporters I'm surprised. ^(And I can't tell if I'm being sarcastic or not)
GG and /r/conspiracy have officially merged.
&gt; I don't go out of my way to lash out at people or things Bullshit.
Man, I am sick of people treating BohRap like it's god's gift to music. Like what's it do that's supposed to impress me. Oh, and it was written by one guy, big whoop, so was nearly every song Nightwish has ever released.
Let's play "do I recognize any of these names?" * I'm guessing that's a different Steve Martin * Oh, hey, I watch Turbine Divinity Probably low because most of the people I watch are either prønz artists or photographers/suiters.
Fuck TERFs, too.
This is the first person I've ever come across who knows more than one Survivor song.
Not at all. Much as I wish I could draw, I still have a hard time with Dogbert.
I know tremendously biased political charts are a common theme here, but they're not usually *this* blatant about it.
Guy knows Israel is bigger on gay rights than some Democrat states, right?
Well, I've said in the past kinks are kinda weird by definition, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. I don't quite remember the originator, but one of my favourite quotes is "normal people are just people you don't know very well."
HATE IS IN THE TITLE.
Well that was quite the upset.
Yeah, I think if you're getting called a creep or a freak, it's not because you're acting like a romantic gentleman.
A career 7.3 PPG player is calling LeBron average. Cooooooooooooooooooool. (Seriously, there are 6th men these days better than half the starters in 1995)
Yeah, you're not gonna impress me with the depth of your musical knowledge if the most obscure band you can name is *Radiohead.*
&gt; before the music industry sucked musicians dry When the hell was that? The 1920s?
&gt; its a good thing theyre so utterly ineffectual &gt; they dont have any power whatsoever, they just share an ideology with very very childish and spiteful people that do The self-awareness is real.
&gt; The top comment on /r/lgbt asks how to shame the author into unemployment thus proving the article's point. ... There's two comments and neither of them are upvoted.
1. The US didn't "win" the cold war. NOBODY won the cold war. 2. Gorrell, how many of those things did you *personally* do? I'm guessing zero.
So close...
In the 60s I'd be arrested for loving another dude, so no thanks.
I'm also 22, and I don't remember a goddamn thing about the 90s.
Not sure it's more of us as much as it is we're more open about it.
1. Kool-Aid is spelled with a 'k'. Because poor literacy is kewl. 2. How is a Kraft product communist?!
&gt; You know what we get? Respect. Aaaaaaand that's about as far as I got.
[Featuring even more cheesy BS power metal than usual!](http://i.imgur.com/BPj0c09.jpg) And also a The Clash album I don't remember listening to!
Since OP didn't explain; that is a picture of Harley Race, there was no King of the Ring tournament in 1992, Dusty Rhodes never won a WWF or ECW championship and he is not in the NCAA hall of fame. He was a pretty cool guy, though.
I know, I'm just being pedantic.
Kashmir? A song with more nonsensical lyrics than BohRap? That's your example of good lyrics? Srslorz?
I don't think it's because you're a conservative as much as it is because you say things like "gays are some of the most intolerant, divisive, shallow, petty people on earth."
MMA happened?
"Masterpiece."
Add spiders to the list of things KiA doesn't understand.
Promise?
If this guy's been married 20 years, I'm a [zoroark](http://cdn.bulbagarden.net/upload/a/a6/571Zoroark.png). I mean my god, he couldn't be more full of shit if he was an actual, literal turd.
Uh, hey, moron, *we've already been paying you for that shit*. Apple products aren't free in other countries, y'know.
Because... it doesn't fail 97% of the time?
Nice to see KiA welcoming literal white supremacists again.
Dude, what did weasels ever do to you to deserve being associated with GG?
&gt; Same old leftist policies of the past So we agree that Hillary is a moderate conservative. Good to know.
And conservative preachers NEVER go for blatant cash grabs.
Bonus Yosoff trying desperately to convince a PolSci student that fascism is a left-wing political ideology!
&gt; Now SJW's have become death, the destroyer's of liberty I have a feeling he doesn't know a damn thing about the context of that quote.
Okay then. Well, at least I knew rugby and ARF were up there.
&gt; This is how it **always** begins. First you stop something that almost everyone agrees that is distasteful. Then you stop those who defended the freedom of speech. Next something slightly less universally distasteful and those who defend free speech again.. And that loop repeats until only ideas approved by those in power are accepted. I can't think of a single tyrannical government that ever came to power like that. They tend to be more hostile takeover-ish. What history book are you smoking?
The pilot had to leave the plane.
Einstein never said that!
The US supported Pol Pot and continued to protect the former regime long after communist Vietnam overthrew them, because somehow they concluded one of the most tyrannical dictators in the history of the world is preferable to a communist. Don't you fucking talk to me about how generous you were during the Cold War.
Are you fucking kidding me? I understand there's some moral grey areas involved here, but to call the deaths of hundreds of thousands of civilians a "gift" is just disgusting.
Right, that wouldn't have martyred him at all.
Seriously, when he talked about censorship, he was talking about *corporate* censorship, y'know, bogus copyright claims on negative reviews and stuff. He wasn't talking about giving a platform to say fat people are subhuman.
If Lacuna Coil is any indication, we've been in the "now" period for quite a while...
Yes, I totally hate white people. -White person.
More people die from gunshot wounds in the states EVERY DAY than were killed in the CH massacre.
&gt; Operation Moses: We need your help to lead the ***third exodus*** to 8chan And this is why nobody takes you seriously except yourselves.
Yeah, I know, I've been saying for a while people who constantly complain about political correctness are way more annoying than the idea itself ever could be. I've also been saying for a while that there needs to be a word for that sort of thing. Stupid English language...
***MINIMUM*** wage. Besides which, I'm pretty sure fry cooks don't get 5 figures in benefits.
Oh no, not modern-day Germany and Sweden. The horror.
I have never seen somebody seriously use "I don't understand this, so it must be wrong" as an argument before. This guy... must be a really dedicated troll. I don't want to believe there are people who are actually that stupid.
Sleep is so conformist.
[Bloop.](http://i.imgur.com/ZLBVf2T.jpg) I don't remember listening to anything on that Killswitch Engage album. Otherwise, *The Scarecrow*'s been most of what I've listened to lately. I love Avantasia.
&gt; This segment illustrates perfectly how much figures like Anita Sarkeesian and Brianna Wu have poisoned the well in the debate regarding feminism. I... don't think you know what poisoning the well is. Tip; it's exactly what *you're* doing.
And if there's one thing the confederate flag doesn't represent, it's potentially violent crazy racists.
A war over their right to enslave human beings, for that matter.
Who the fuck is Charles CW Cooke?
Well, this is what happens when you're a reactionary shithead in denial.
Yeah, they had a falling out because Jordan Owen doesn't think Roosh V is as cool as Davis Aurini does. Seriously.
Okay, I seem to be in a minority of this subreddit who's never been anything but happy with the current overtime rules, but... 3v3 overtime just seems silly.
What is with the confederate flag hysteria lately? I mean, don't get me wrong, fuck everything that flag represents, but... why the sudden wave of interest?
&gt; I laugh hardest at jokes that are at my demographics expense I find that very, *very* hard to believe.
Oh, man, I just realized; the r/Cons must be freaking out like nobody's business right now. I should check out ShitRConservativeSays.
Question; whose ass did he pull that definition of "racist" out of? Because it sure as *fuck* isn't a commonly accepted definition.
So what, Apple should be *forced* to condone the confederate flag because free speech?
It's true. I'd love to make some sausages right now, but I'm too busy with all the ~~games~~ Paradox DLC I got during the Steam Sale.
Is he implying games today don't have good music? Because... that's a weird way to say that. ^(It's also factually wrong)
Pictured; Grand Theft Auto V.
Man, they must have one of the worst mod teams on the website. Maybe not *the* worst, but...
If pedophiles and unashamed racists are the only people willing to speak out in your defence, you are fucked up.
&gt; Not sure what connotations this holds for you, but that ended up being one of the huge underlying currents of gamergate. Really strong theme of, "I don't agree with your political views at all, but I still think you have the right to free speech, and we need to work together or we'll both lose that right". Well that's a straight lie.
Seriously, there's precedent. They gonna call Loving v Virginia overreaching too?
PUNCTUATION, MOTHERFUCKER! DO YOU SPEAK IT?!
Wait, they seriously called their subbreddit UKIPparty? ***WHAT DO THEY THINK THE P STANDS FOR?!***
You know what, I'm gonna tag every idiot in that thread and see how many show up next time I look at KiA.
&gt; the internet has given a particularly vitriolic group of people a voice. &gt; these people care nothing of facts, of reality, they care only to wreck and destroy the dreams of others, to jump on the nearest bandwagon and thrust their pitchforks towards any who dont fear them &gt; when to world finally does say enough is enough, when these people start causing so much havoc that they can no longer be brushed aside, the backlash will be substantial - there are already many victims who are more than motivated to take action Is he completely sure he's not talking about GamerGate?
Because using sexist insults is a great idea when trying to argue someone else is racist...
The most overrated song of all time strikes again!
Dude, I'd be ecstatic if there were a gay president. However, it's not Barack Obama.
I was not aware the United States is Orthodox Christianity's "own country." I would've guessed Russia. Maybe Greece. Anyway, Time, I am disappoint.
I'm sorry, how is outlawing religion the last step before a theocracy?
Don't think I've ever heard someone describe Republicans as "Democrat lite," especially just after calling Democrats radical socialists.
Because LGBT people never went to war in defence of their right to own other human beings. MORON!
So... is St. Jude's Christian Academy just a sign, or is the building invisible, or is it actually a confusingly named park, or...
So lemme get this straight: Jews, a historically fairly progressive demographic, support same-sex marriage, a progressive idea. CON SPEAR A SEA!
&gt; *Saxaphone* &gt; *Saxaphone* &gt; *Saxaphone* &gt; Tequila. *Tequila*, **1958** Deep.
He said he was bullied, and apparently that was a *good* thing.
Urgh, I hate that "the rich just add their taxes to their products" argument. If they thought they could make more money by charging more, they'd already be doing it!
Yeah, I actually thought the Leafs did a good job for once, maybe I can stop being embarrassed by them and actually represent my hometown here.
And this is why privatized health care is stupid.
The one where rape victims are forced to marry their rapists and can't get a divorce as long as he lives?
Ah, yes, that cornerstone of the confederacy, PENNSYLVANIA. Historic rivals of the proud Upper Canadians in Saskatchewan.
Pedophilia apologists, or as I like to call them, pedopologists.
/r/whyarewedoingthis
Well this seems like a lovely guy.
Pretty sure I've only ever heard people say that when it's part of a course code.
Oh, good, /r/forwardsfromgrandma is now *predicting* arCon shitposts instead of borrowing them.
Never understood why the US is so damn proud of that, Canada separated diplomatically perfectly fine.
Not to mention that you aren't going to know someone's chromosomal count just by looking at them.
Hey, remember that time Rush Limbaugh promised to move to Costa Rica if Obamacare passed? Lol, that was pretty funny.
This is more /r/EnoughLibertarianSpam territory, but whatevar.
I assure you, I have not thought anything that comes out of that man's mouth.
&gt; Anti-racists need racists in order to justify their own hatred and totalitarianism. [+18] ... Fuck every single person in that subreddit.
&gt; it's only recently started happening No, it's definitely been around for a while.
Scalia? *Clicks* Called it! ^(Fuck you, Reagan.)
The. Combined. EU. Armies. Outnumber. The. American. Military. For. Fuck's. Sake!
I always find it a bit odd how reactionary some metalheads can be. Y'know, like their ideal society wouldn't think of 'em as a bunch of filthy satanists for listening to anything with an electric guitar. I guess that's the thing with reactionaries, they never consider the possibility that they'd be oppressed in their fantasy scenarios.
&gt; I love this country for the principals and foundations it was built on Like the oppression of black people. And is he burning a KFC bucket? Yeah, you keep telling yourself you aren't racist.
Because military size is apparently an economic statistic. DemPeepsRepKorea must be doing a lot better than we give them credit for.
I don't understand how people can come across a concept like freedom of religion and not realize it exists primarily to protect religious minorities.
At sports events? I've definitely seen sports events in England play the anthem before games.
Wait a goddamn- they're being lead by Cliven Bundy's son?!
I'm really hoping Uber somehow leads to the death of independent contractor loopholes. Aside, what is it with left-leaning journalist outlets and stupidly right-leaning comments?
"GTFO my subreddit." Me.
Uh... what about the Ottoturks? It was kinda the longest-lasting single-dynasty empire in human history.
GGers doing something hypocritical? Surely you jest.
People only ever bother making the distinction in an attempt to dodge moral implications of wanting to have sex with minors by being pedantic about the terminology, so excuse me for not really caring.
How is it moral to stand by as the "dregs" die of starvation and exposure to the elements? To say nothing of the idiocy in calling rich people the best of society just because they're rich. &gt; The accepted reasoning behind why I should have to support unskilled, unintelligent, and ***less evolved*** people, Oh, my mistake, he's not a libertarian, he's a *nazi.*
I'm not okay with the government having thousands of nuclear weapons either!
Funny, I know plenty of male feminists who don't feel like their sexuality is being demonized. Straight ones, even. Maybe it's because they can see a picture of a woman doing something without talking about how it makes their dick feel.
Despite not fighting in over a year. Who runs these things?!
I was watching a Thunder game where he and Reggie Miller (I think?) were just spending the entire first half talking about how the Thunder can't succeed because Durant and Westbrook aren't team-oriented enough. And I do mean the entire first half. It was almost kinda hilarious how little they cared about anything else.
&gt; Not like I worked two levels above Area 51 You... mean... the... sky? He knows Area 51 is a plot of land with an aircraft testing facility on it, right?
More conspiracy-oriented racist idiots seem to believe Jews are plotting to take over Europe by filling it with muslims. No, I don't know how that translates to Jewish takeover.
What the fuck qualifies Ben Carson to run the FDA?
Conveniently forgetting the "well-regulated militia" bit as usual.
I'm gonna submit Ministry of Lost Souls by Dream Theater.
You mean fraud?
Not pictured: dogs or automatic weapons.
[Snopes says no.](http://www.snopes.com/mass-shootings-obama/)
I love Botchamania, but sometimes I just gotta *cringe* at how dangerous those mistakes can be. Guys getting dropped on their necks and whatnot.
I refuse to believe self-identified hardcore gamers were ever happy about video games.
Either Roosh is extremely gullible, or he thinks his audience is. I haven't decided which.
I wouldn't be quite so thankful, it's the loud ones that go on shooting sprees.
It got defaulted and now it's full of the same people who use /r/videos and /r/worldnews.
... If anyone thinks this is a remotely good idea, please, for the love of God, never vote.
Can we put a rule in regarding posts on the moral implications of the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings? It's not a topic of historical *fact* as much as it is what-ifs and opinions.
Okay. Israel needs to be less jingoistic about their foreign policy, especially concerning Palestine. OH MAN IM SUCH A REBEL.
Because Republicans *never* sell themselves out for political donations.
&gt; Flood nation with muslims and illegals Sounds like you don't need much assistance with the "division along racial lines" thing. &gt; Depose separate, smaller regimes for eventual unified muslim super state Uh... where are you getting the idea that this is something anywhere remotely close to happening? And did you just imply ISIS is a plot to *delay* US military action in the middle east?!
Blaming it on the muslims is a nice change of pace, but it's not any less stupid.
But when have pesky things like reality ever matters to Republican Facebook memes?
Yes, half of the US are going to suddenly turn into Alex Jones fans. Plausible.
Do any of these people know what autism actually is, or is it just redditors trying to sound like 4channers?
*Again*, I've never seen anything past "hey, maybe don't use this as an excuse to demonize muslims you xenophobic fucks" on this topic, where are all the feminists saying nothing happened?
I wanna see a wrestler win with some completely stupid move one of these days just to throw everyone off.
I agree with a lot of what you're saying, but I wouldn't say fear and hate are as inseparable as you make them sound. Like, I can be a very angry person at times (certainly a lot more than I'd like to be), and I find that's usually motivated more by frustration than fear. Like, if I say I hate Republicans, it's not because I'm afraid of them, it's because they say and do a lot of things I would call wrong and I can't do a damn thing to stop it.
Not even, man, first world problems are at least relatable minor annoyances.
It genuinely pisses me off when small-town people say city dwellers are out of touch. Like, no, statistically you're the ones who are out of touch. The New York and LA metropolitan areas alone represent more than 15% of the US!
Congratulations on being less funny than the sitcom you're celebrating the cancellation of!
In fairness, it looks like more than 8 years' difference.
Yeah, fuck people trying to get away from terrorism!
/r/conspiracy: now so out there that they think actual hoaxes were legit.
&gt; Fought without America's support Grandma, the US military is not one of these right-wing militia groups.
Of course 28danslater is a mod, is there a nuclear wasteland of a subreddit he *doesn't* moderate?
... Fuck this website.
The guy who invented air conditioning. Or indoor heating, take your pick.
Man, I cannot remember another wrestler who won me over as instantly as Dalton Castle.
I do like the rise of -ghazi to describe un-scandals, though. Ballghazi, for example.
And concerningly, another 84 people have taken it.
I love how the subreddit says "You are loved" just before the white nationalist propaganda submitted by the users.
Grandma, deleting phone conversations isn't what Nixon resigned over.
I'd just like to point out both countries bordering the US have universal health care.
[Because there was no awful yet inexplicably popular music before the internet.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/f7/Disco_duck.jpg)
They're one of the worst examples of bands with "fans" who only know two or three songs be them.
Much as I'd like to agree, Donald Trump is still the Republican frontrunner.
No, Jesus Montero's name does not offend me. ^(His .223 batting average offends me.)
Are you arguing gay sex is physically impossible? Because I can assure you it isn't.
RONALD REAGAN A FUCKIN JABRONI, BARACK OBAMA IRON SHEIK CLASS!
Wat
Well, he *is* an /r/european user.
"Art"
I'm gonna be the first to leave a comment not arguing about whether or not this should be NSFW and say that this reminds me there's a similar thing in Toronto I should check out some time! Although they're having some venue issues for the time being.
**The Russian Ark** (Alexander Sokurov, 2002): I really don't know what to say about this other than it was possibly the most boring film I have ever seen. The whole thing is in one take (legitimately one take, not long takes w/ hidden edits like Birdman), but it really doesn't have much else going for it. Really just felt like a tour of the hermitage masquerading as a movie.
"Srsly, guys, I'm reeeeeeally gonna do it this time!"
Probably.
What universe are you living in where a 34 point win isn't a blowout?
Because it's not like anyone transcribes them or anything.
In my defence, the part he quoted didn't mention anything about that.
&gt; This shit happens all the time, refugee or otherwise. It's not a refugee problem, it's a human nature problem. [-36] The downvotes were amazingly predictable, but no less disappointing for it.
I mean, you *can* be empowering with those things, but a lot of people have trouble differentiating between that and fanservice.
I think you said most of what I wanted to better than I can. I did want to add that I feel like *The Martian* was more interested in the *how* of its events than the what or the why, if that makes any sense. Like, it doesn't try to make you curious about whether or not Mark Watney is going to survive, it wants you to be curious about *how* he's going to do it.
Internet petitions are such a fucking joke...
Oh, I still can't believe I was ever subscribed to that asshole.
Can you imagine being this infuriated by the mere existence of muslims in the US? God, that must be a miserable existence.
Also, an insult is not the same thing as an ad hominem. I'm not saying you're wrong *because* you're stupid, I'm saying you're wrong *and* stupid.
I don't think Jeff Foxworthy is capable of firing up the internet.
So worst player in the league now, is... possibly Reggie Bullock, 86 minutes has led him to 6 points, an effective FG% of .079, and an efficiency rating of -3.5. Or it could be Emmanuel Mudiay, who has -2.1 win shares, worst in the league by a whole 1.4, as well as a league-worst VORP of -0.8. Or it could be Tony Wroten, who is last in box +/- among players with 140+ minutes at -12.5.
Oh no, evolution!
So what, poor people are gonna vote for politicians that don't even *pretend* to give a shit about them?
You can put porn on Twitter?
Seriously, the fact that *that's* the part of their history they've decided to make a symbol of southern pride is astonishing, it's like if people decided to adopt the swastika as a generic symbol of German pride.
And the people posting these sorts of things are the people who oppose any attempts at upscaling welfare. Funny how they only give a shit about those issues when it "justifies" their reactionary world view.
What the fuck?! I... best team in the conference isn't good enough?! You made the finals last year and you're en route to another likely appearance and you fire your coach, has that ***ever*** happened before?! In any sport?! Meanwhile, Brett Brown is still in charge of the 76ers despite having the two worst losing streaks in NBA history during his tenure!
They're (probably) taking a shot at TNA.
His follow-up comments are even worse.
Inciting violence against a ~~person~~ ball of hatred, backwards morality and greed who's been dead since 1982?
God, I am so sick of theses Nietzsche wannabes insisting their reactionary word views that primarily revolve around fear and hatred have no basis in emotion. &gt; You sound like a real douchbag. You're in a white nationalist subreddit, of course he does!
&gt; and we have people setting up 'prayer marathons' to create the 'last hope remaining against the abuse of children' That's rich coming from the Catholic Church...
Hmm, potential discussion about the living conditions on native reserves? Better make it about da white ppl!
By this logic *all* government employees are slaves. Slaves who get paid, can leave their jobs at any time they want and willingly took their jobs in the first place.
There's a bit of a difference between piracy and detaining a military ship that accidentally invaded your coast for less than a full day. Which, by the way, is pretty obvious proof that "apologizing and appeasing" *worked*.
&gt; I'm honored that people can be so incredibly stupid as to take offense about something with a clear line of reasoning. ... You and I have very different ideas of what constitutes a clear line of reasoning.
I have seen some of them literally celebrate Anders Breivik, so I can't disagree.
What the fuck does any of that have to do with refusing to learn the basics of other religions?
And if cheese comes from milk, how is there still milk?!
Because he stomps on the freedoms of people radical conservatives don't like.
Jesus fucking Christ, I can't remember the last time I've applied my "Racist POS" tag to so many people in one thread.
Fair point.
I feel like EU4's sub is the least bad of them, the biggest circlejerks being Ulm, border gore, destroying the Ottoblobs and AI weirdness, but you still get some pretty cringey posts sometimes.
It's hard to out-radical little miss "killing for money is fine but unionizing is evil."
It's more implications from Atlas Shrugged, one of the quote-unquote "sympathetic" executives claims to have murdered a competitor in cold blood and the book treats it like he was entirely justified in doing so.
Elgin's Canadian.
And is Canadian.
Well, since nobody else has, I'll go ahead and throw Roderick Strong into the conversation.
And Eric Young, thinking about it.
Has imgur been really unreliable for anyone else lately?
&gt; juedo supremacist jew supremacy Is that the Jewish equivalent of cacausin supremacist white supremacy?
I should start watching Noah's Daily Show (now with 90% more South Africa jokes!)
I can't really judge other people's porn habits.
***Leviathan*** (2012): Last week I said Russian Ark was probably the most boring film I'd ever seen. It did not take long for something to dethrone it. Oh my sweet Jesus, you wanna talk about nothing of interest happening in a film. It's *literally* 87 minutes of footage from a fishing boat without a single line of narration, dialogue, subtitles, intertitles, any form of communication beyond the visuals. First 20 minutes or so you can't even really see anything either, since it's at night without any proper external lighting. At times the camera dips in and out of the water so much it's like Chinese water torture, a lot of the shots get really claustrophobic, it's hard to really tell what's going on a lot of the time, and there's about five minutes of a static shot of the boat's captain sitting silently at a table with the audio from a TV show in the background. NOTHING HAPPENS. And I can't say it was to make any kind of a point, since once of the directors said they were *trying* to make it as apolitical as possible. Sure, I can appreciate it on a technical level, but about 40 minutes in I was just internally yelling "***END ALREADY! JESUS CHRIST, END!***" And of course, it didn't for another 47 minutes. In conclusion, would not recommend. ***Ring*** (1998): J-horror's a bit slow for my taste, but I thought it was a decent movie. Like the premise, like how the story was told. Can't really comment on the acting too much since I don't speak Japanese, though.
Illegally searched, killed in a firefight or convicted as a cop-killer. Tough choice...
Damn you, typos!
I'd say cringier, at least Occupy Democrats isn't calling Donald Trump a secret Kenyan Muslim.
I'm probably going to watch it until it becomes obvious that it's going to be a Panthers blowout.
On the bright side, maybe this means they'll finally shut up about Ahmad Muhammad.
Modders. Get on it.
And can I just say the two of us have ***VERY*** similar names!
USE PUNCTUATION!
HHH had no business winning and Roman reentering the match was amazingly predictable, but I thought it was okay aside from that. I particularly liked R-Truth thinking it was a ladder match for some reason. And Kofi chilling on Big E for a while. And Miz deciding to join commentary until Lesnar and the Wyatt family were out. Ambrose/Owens was totally match of the night, though.
I think finishers in general were pretty protected before the Monday Night Wars. These days you'll probably find a lot of midcarders who never get theirs kicked out of because bookers like to save that for big matches.
&gt; What about fertilizer? It is used in making bombs. Should we ban that, too? If people want to kill, they will kill, regardless of what the law says. 1, most murders are heat-of-the-moment sorts of things. It's kinda hard to bomb someone as a crime of passion. 2, if there *was* an epidemic of people making fertilizer bombs, you bet your ass there'd be tougher regulations on fertilizer!
Does autism even mean anything to these morons any more?
And reports are coming in that this was a false alarm. How much you wanna bet they're gonna say "they" pulled the plug because /r/conspiracy caught on or some shit like that?
The Republican senate wants to give Barack Obama more power? I'll believe in Spider-Man before that.
Jesus Christ, the only thing snow says about temperature is that it's below freezing! If it's normally -20, you can still have a whiteout blizzard at -2 and say it's warmer than usual!
I miss good spoof movies.
It became a popular catch-all insult with white nationalists recently. And then it caught on with brogressive idiots, funny how that worked.
Now I'm admittedly only a social democrat, but I'm pretty sure socialists don't go around thinking about how much capitalism sucks at all times.
And Marshall Law is, like, my worst Tekken character!
Early MMA proved pretty definitively that grapplers who can't strike usually have an advantage over strikers who can't grapple, so I give judo all 4.
Well, yeah, but... uh...
Or c) both.
&gt; So, 60% of German women still want to be raped and 60% of German men want their women raped?? You people are committing cultural suicide... 3 different accounts posted that exact comment. Edit; never mind, it's 4.
Because Republicans hate Obama and love the flag, therefore Obama lovers must hate the flag.
&gt; Makes video exposing planned parenthood's human organ trafficking If by that you mean "maliciously and deliberately misrepresents planned parenthood's donations to organ research to the point of slander."
Two decent responses. &gt; Me too; not enough fat 5'10'' guys. - &gt; Time for me to get incredibly outraged at your hashtag and spend the next month shitposting in /r/advicesanimals about it
Okay, that might be a *little* hyperbolic, but...
[Nope.](http://www.dw.com/en/report-refugees-have-not-increased-crime-rate-in-germany/a-18848890)
Nice to see conspiracy theorists blaming someone besides the jews for once.
Meanwhile, the US government supported Pol Pot's attempts to retake Cambodia after he was ousted.
Meanwhile, I only have to drive five hours and suddenly everything is French.
They have a lot of talent, and they'll take risks with their programming, but the people running it are a bunch of idiots.
Okay, Deadpool vs Magneto. I think Magneto wins that one, Deadpool's weapons are metal, and while you can't kill Deadpool, you can certainly bury him under a mountain of steel. Although that said, there doesn't seem to be a lot of metal in Equestria...
If he'd said that in 1950 he'd be on to something, but 2016? Nope.
According to this thread, I may be the most cynical 20-something in the world. Also, sure is a lot of right-wing assholes in here.
Even better, he refuses to buy it because they've included *more* options.
Speaking of, I keep trying to get the achievement for having orangists in power and a province in China, but I'm having a lot of trouble actually forming the Netherlands. Anyone have advice?
Meanwhile, the Republican candidate for president has on multiple occasions retweeted Mussolini quotes.
I have actually seen some of them giddy about the (non-existent) possibility.
That American tipping bullshit happens because waiters make below minimum wage on the assumption that they get tips. It's stupid, but there is a reason for it.
Eh, he was definitely a cocky prick during his career, but you listen to him after he retired and you get the sense it was mostly just promotion. Still, I do have to admire his commitment to civil rights and Vietnam opposition.
I don't think it did.
Huh, I wonder what it says about me. &gt; You are: female &gt; Your hobbies and interests: guns Well, aside from those two major errors, seems pretty accurate. ^(Holy shit I use this website a lot on Mondays.)
Well, I'm sure they'd love to hear that Sarkar is a Bengali *hindu* surname. Plus he was born in West Bengal, which is 70% Hindu.
&gt; I'm asking if anyone has ever met someone who's gay who was also on the autism spectrum? ✋
"Germany is an international laughing stock," says the country in danger of electing Donald Trump.
&gt; Granted of course that it's your podium Which Reddit is not.
There's a nice contrast between them criticizing this as pandering and supporting a candidate who doesn't do anything *besides* pander.
I don't even really read theory, I mostly just talk to other feminists. Still, I can tell you there is practically nothing feminist about these people.
&gt; What is Anarcho-Capitalism? &gt;It is a political philosophy. It's also called Libertarianism or Libertarian anarchism Libertarian. Anarchism. I GIVE UP!
&gt; Besides danas actions aren't a reflection of the sport or the UFC Dana White is the president of the company, EVERYTHING HE DOES is a reflection of UFC.
Not sure that would work with the cap, already have the league's highest payroll, and they'd be picking up another $10m (2 for Bosh, 8 for Paul).
I think it's more the negative feedback loop of "nobody votes third party, because they can't win, because nobody votes third party."
Hey, didn't that load of BS start because Zoe Quinn's ex accused her of cheating on him for good reviews that don't exist?
Yeah, fuck modern shipmen for... having families?
Yeah, go watch Goodfellas and get back to me on that.
I wouldn't be surprised if Hetfield is a Trump supporter.
Yeah, I mean, for all the jokes about 5000, Kimbo looked dreadful in that fight too. He tested positive for steroids afterwards, I wouldn't be surprised if it's complications from that.
I chat with kinky fuckers on a regular basis. Many of them are feminists. I myself meet both criteria. Trust me when I say they don't want a goddamn thing to do with these misogynist asswipes either.
Jesus Christ, I am so sick of hearing about those fucking emails. It's a bigger non-scandal than Benghazi.
Yeah, no, I've been to a lot of cities in the US, and the only significant difference between most of them is architecture.
I see no indication that any of these men support Donald Trump.
The brackets are a *thing?* I thought we were just putting them in the CSS because it looks silly.
Ali would DESTROY Kimbo Slice. MMA, boxing, kickboxing, doesn't matter.
Eh, most people who complain about Reagan aren't under the impression that there were no problems before 1980.
And bonus /pol/ white supremacist meme in the replies.
And what makes him think the British care what some racist American prick has to say?
Conspiracy theorists drinking beer instead of water would explain a lot.
[This poll](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/11/17/in-nations-with-significant-muslim-populations-much-disdain-for-isis/) says Malaysian Buddhists and Nigerian Christians like ISIS about as much as muslims do.
And I'm once again forced to question why I continue to use a website more sympathetic to pedophiles than transgender people.
&gt; I'm sick of the social media dogpile era. He says while part of a "movement" whose only notable achievements are dogpiling people on social media.
/r/heycarl?
I can blame stupid people for it.
Or he's a gigantic idiot. That's also a possibility. I'd even say a probability.
Because white people never riot. Especially not over silly things like hockey results or pumpkin festivals.
A real president who has never held any form of political office and has more business failures than successes. And is this insinuating Trump does things *besides* run his mouth?
Also claiming that Target has lost $10b over the bathroom thing. Considering the only other sources I'm seeing for this are WingNutsDaily and other assorted hard-right ~~news~~ websites, I'm assuming this is horseshit.
Wait, people are giving him crap for not playing through a concussion? DID YOU PEOPLE MISS ALL OF THE SHIT THE NHL AND NFL GOT FOR NOT TAKING CONCUSSIONS SERIOUSLY?!
Ugh, the fucking mobile website won't load the gallery slash gifs and won't let me actually follow the link. LET ME USE THE DESKTOP SITE YOU ASSHOLES!
&gt; Trans people in UK could face rape charges if they don't reveal gender history Which is about as ridiculous as presenting rape charges if you fail to disclose cosmetic surgery. Fuck right-wing politics.
I hope this means Finn can finally move up and get involved with the whole not-Bullet-Club thing.
IIRC WWE introduced a policy at some point that one team breaking up two pins would get a shoot DQ. Which is idiotic, it makes matches worse and fans don't even think it's a rule.
By the time-honoured practice of "pulling things out of your ass"
Furthermore, cultural marxism is *also* not a thing.
Which is why more people voted for her.
Seriously, the whole phenomenon is, as one RawStory writer put it, "re-heated neo-Nazism that’s thinly papered over by a love of role-playing games and anime porn."
And now I really want to see a movie where Samantha Bee, John Oliver, Lewis Black and Jon Stewart defeat the Nazis with the power of snark.
Yeah, it seems the concept of systemic bias is so foreign to them they think feminists are talking about some illuminati-esque secret society plotting to keep women down when they mention patriarchy .
You're right, I was oversimplifying things. Also, I get the sense that Ben Garrison wants the worst of both worlds.
Yeah, as I keep saying, the more you have to tell people you're a supah-rational robot who only believes in facts and logic and anyone who disagrees with you is overemotional, the less inclined I am to believe you.
Must be easy to win arguments when all you have to do is say anyone who disagrees with you is being cheated on by their wife. Especially if they don't have a wife.
I think it's more ridiculous that some people think this is a free speech issue. Predictable, yes, but still ridiculous. I mean, as someone with a bit of a *thing* on that front I'm not exactly liking the move (though being gay and massively into BDSM I imagine my reasoning is quite a bit different), but for the love of St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Reddit, your attachment to this is ridiculous.
Muhammad Ali refused to fight in a war he objected to on moral grounds, and accepted the consequences for it. This is more than I can say about most warhawk Republicans.
I watch MMA. If you don't include submissions or strikes, I can count the number of wrestling moves I *would* see in a legit fight on one hand.
Production difficulties, bad trailer, (insert person known for making bad movies) is involved, adaptation of a tween novel, talking animals in a live-action movie, Dumpuary, horror movie that starts with unlikeable jackasses partying, trailer uses name recognition of the *producer* for advertising, etc.
Man, do you realize how insane society would sound if they treated all crimes the way they treat rape?
TIL the Clintons were in charge of the American Red Cross at some point.
HOW DO THEY KEEP GETTING MORE OUT OF TOUCH WITH REALITY?!
&gt; Comment Karma: -30 Go away, troll.
IIRC they already had a potential buyer. It's in Alexa's global top 1,000, it's not gonna disappear just like that. Wikipedia has a list of companies that have filed Chapter 11, a lot of them are still around. Some are stronger than ever.
It must take an unfathomable level of ignorance to genuinely believe white men are the most or only hated demographic in America. I mean, I don't know if you've noticed, but the Republican party's presumptive nominee is building his ENTIRE FUCKING CAMPAIGN on hatred of people who aren't white men.
&gt; Keep in mind I'm not advocating for people to do this right now, it's merely my own personal belief, so it's within the lines of what's allowed to be posted here. OH, WELL I GUESS THAT MAKES IT OKAY.
&gt; Keep in mind I'm not advocating for people to do this right now, it's merely my own personal belief, so it's within the lines of what's allowed to be posted here OH WELL I GUESS THAT MAKES IT OKAY.
Sure is nice of the fascist scum to pretend they care about us when it gives them an excuse to hate Muslims. Though it seems Geller is more committed to the "hate muslims" part than the "pretend to care about us" part.
Well then I guess it's a good thing all potential murderers loudly announce their intentions before drawing.
I can't even figure out what this is trying to say.
OH, YEAH, BECAUSE THERE WERE NO SIGNIFICANT CHANGES TO FUCKING AIRPORT SECURITY FOLLOWING 9/11.
International soccer is a much more valid reason to riot than the existence of brown people.
Yeah, that's the point of gun-free zones.
Then I guess Timothy McVeigh would justify a violent hatred of all right-wingers.
... Yes, amending the law in order to not let suspected terrorists buy guns does make sense.
Except for the armed off-duty cop. Oops.
The difference being that one of them was under investigation as a suspected terrorist and the other didn't follow government employees' convoluted email rules (which i'd be surprised if anyone in congress is following).
Apparently if I want people to just accept that I have Asperger's, I'm a sociopath.
They've consistently displayed outright contempt for site rules for months, but the chickenshit admins still don't want to do anything about it.
I'm weirdly kinda happy with him potentially leaving. Opens up a fair bit of cap space, and the entire playoffs he had me going "OH MY GOD ENOUGH WITH THE CONTESTED MID-RABGE JUMPERS!" Plus he's a defensive liability on a team that's already kinda bad at defence.
Man, even by low-effort furry sex joke standards, this is awful.
Still, quoting Kurt Cobain quoting Neil Young is silly.
European admits to and is proud of being filled to the brim with racists and fascists.
I mean, if your country's education system is so nonexistent that you have a 63% illiteracy rate, ***OF FUCKING COURSE*** you're going to do badly on IQ tests!
Well, apparently Trump supporters can't recognize an obvious circlejerk post. Strange, considering how many of those they make.
Is the implication here that we're committing mass suicide in order to pass gun legislation?
I believe he made a 911 call during the attack saying he did it for ISIS. Of course, this doesn't mean he was actually affiliated with them.
The difference being it's kinda hard to pull off a mass shooting IF YOU DON'T HAVE THE ABILITY TO SHOOT PEOPLE.
One of my highest rated posts is pointing out that this pun doesn't work in text.
Something something camels and rich people.
*Attempted* poacher, please.
I have yet to see a single bit of evidence saying that minimum wage has any negative effect on unemployment.
I don't even get this argument. Even ignoring the beyond-questionable idea that corruption is somehow worse than overt racism. You wanna argue Hillary is corrupt? Fine. I probably won't agree she's any more corrupt than the average American politician, but you can make that argument. Meanwhile, Donald Trump has been sued over 3,500 times, including an ongoing $50m fraud lawsuit that could turn criminal. He also appears to do business with mafia families, threatens legal action at the drop of a hat, has been investigated for tax fraud over 100 times, and tells demonstrable lies more frequently than the New York Yankees play baseball.
Is the black market's supply of meth stolen from legal owners?
I got; * Possibility manipu- yes * Meta time manipu- very yes * Organic shield construction I am literally a god with those powers.
What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What.
Conspiracy theorists have said this for basically every high-profile shooting since Sandy Hook. The fact that the gun laws haven't change yet doesn't seem to phase them.
Also, this is at most a quarter true.
&gt; /r/ the_donald is one of the major hubs of Trump on the Internet, the other being /pol/, and /pol/ isn't the best place to have yourself be represented Your subreddit doesn't give people the best impression of Trump supporters either. It's an *accurate* impression, but not a good one. Also, dat OP. "I'm not attracted to my sister, I just constantly think about raping people I don't know!"
&gt; You know damn well that you're liberal/left because you think it means being associated with the behaviour of a "good person" Well, that really set the tone for how grounded in reality the rest of that was going to be.
Also see The_Donald.
&gt; Istanbul's governor had banned gay, lesbian and transgender individuals from holding two annual parades this year, both Sunday's seventh Trans Pride March and a broader LGBT pride parade on June 26. ***His office cited security concerns as the basis for the ban.*** Oh, fuck off, Erdogan lackeys.
To be entirely fair, Turkey hates Erdogan too.
Generally you want something on the bottom to stop it from getting stuck there, but I doubt the list of people who could get a 24" toy more than halfway in is very long.
Varejao gets a ring anyway!
Maybe *you* might want to look at 3rd world Christian countries. You seem to have a very Eurocentric impression of Christianity. Oh, and even if he did kill 50, one Muslim doesn't offset the thousands and thousands of hate crimes committed by non-Muslims in the US over the years.
Also, his university is gonna teach you how to be a real estate tycoon like him.
It's like a police state where random civilians are the police! What's not to love?!
You're right, they should both be illegal.
Yeah, book elitism kinda pisses me off. I prefer audio and visual media to the written word, how is that in any way a reflection of my intelligence, and more importantly, why do you care?
5 stars! A+! 4 stars!
Hey, remember that time Kane kidnapped Lita, got her pregnant, forced her to marry him because he won a match against Matt Hardy and then accidentally caused her to have a miscarriage? Lol, that was a pretty funny joke. Is what I'm sure Lita was thinking when they became friends five months later.
They're quirky black dudes and one of them has a trombone.
I'd advise against it, there's nothing more cringeworthy than a bad movie that's *aware* it's a bad movie.
Oh, it wouldn't be a Buzzfeed "article" without a gif that has no reason to be a gif. [Seriously, are you kidding me with this?](http://66.media.tumblr.com/97f73c8f86c723e9e380aacb99c9189f/tumblr_niyh2jd26o1t55xupo1_400.gif)
On a similar note, fuck Uber.
Go ahead, get it classified as a mental disorder. Since discrimination on the grounds of mental health is illegal at the federal level, you'll be *forced* to accommodate them.
I'm guessing this is one of those "we have a giant military because we defend Europe" idiots.
&gt; No parliament/democracy Uh... even if staying in the EU somehow meant the UK wouldn't retain its own government, EU representatives are still elected. &gt; Divided into regions How the hell is staying in the EU going to balkanize the UK? And considering Scotland, N. Ireland and Wales are all overwhelmingly in the "remain" camp, why would leaving make them *less* likely to separate? &gt; NHS will be privatized by TTIP How the fuck is a trade agreement going to mean you can't have nationalized health services? &gt; No more royal family 1) Again, how the fuck? B) So? They don't really do anything, we just keep them around because they're nice. &gt; Turkey Oh no, not Turkey! Think of the vegetarians! (And they're probably not joining as long as Erdogan is in charge) &gt; EU army How the fuck, etc.
Just like the radical christians in the Lord's Resistance Army and the IRA!
Okay, but I meant, like, instantly.
Now if only we could figure out why all those bones are coming out of that door...
This is not a question.
Neither of those things are true.
Yeah, admins are spineless chickenshits.
You're humiliating yourself, Scott.
So... I heard the referendum isn't legally binding, and given the "leave" camp was pretty much the UKIP's baby, what are the odds parliament says "no, we're not doing that, it's stupid"?
Why? NAFTA sucks.
Yeah, it's one of the reasons I kinda support mandatory voting. Political apathy kills progress. (Political ignorance too, but the ignorant are already voting)
Oh, anti-intellectualism. You piss me off so much.
You think that's bad, the number of people in Gibraltar who voted leave aren't even 4 digits.
You know what this gimmick needs? Fruit baskets.
London leaving would be interesting. Aren't too many independent city-states left these days, pretty much just Monaco and Singapore.
Michigan did a pilot for this recently. Tested 303 welfare recipients for drugs. ***ZERO FAILURES.*** Oh, and let's talk about Missouri's program. $1.35m, 39,000 tests, 48 positives. Welfare pays about $25/day on average, so over the course of a year, that'll save you approximately -$870,000.
At least there are racists who are conservatives. If someone is simultaneously a communist and a liberal, they clearly don't understand what either of those things are.
It's a bunch of paranoid idiots ranting about "SJWs" under the pretence of caring about video games.
He's wrong, but I wish he wasn't.
Srsly, I have social anxiety issues, how the fuck is that strength?
Certainly not like Fox News is (sadly) America's fourth-most-watched TV network or anything. [Source.](http://www.tvinsider.com/article/62572/most-watched-tv-networks-2015/) Edit; sorry, that was regular Fox, Fox *News* is 10th. Which is still miles ahead of CNN (31) and MSNBC (38).
*She's* obsessed with *you*? Fuck off.
I guarantee you people who make "lol Asians got tiny dicks" jokes are not the sort of people who look at many dicks.
People have issues with people wearing nazi outfits in public? FUCKING SJEWS!
Despite Republican fearmongering, refugees are screened quite thoroughly. And to my knowledge, there have been zero terrorist incidents involving Syrian refugees. Which makes sense, if terrorists *really* wanted to get to the US, it'd be easier to just get a student or travel visa.
Not the ammosexuals who want to make sure suspected terrorists can get something that can kill 30 people in 10 seconds. Not the Republicans who constantly vote against our rights. Not the people using us as a tool to spread hatred of another minority.
Unfortunately, he's more of a black Murray Rothbard.
Sure, he was up front about his hatred of teh Jooz, but to say he was honest about ~~every~~ anything else is silly.
That's a little extreme. Can't we just settle on severing his internet connection?
Nobody really likes Trevor Noah as TDS host.
I thought the point was more to point out the stupidity of Trumpkinhead criticizing Cruz for going by Ted instead of Rafael.
Uh... yes, they've been Muslim since the sixteenth century, it's the largest Muslim-majority country on the planet. Are you confusing them with India?
&gt; But if you're going to call both libertarianism and communism crazy you can't, in the same sentence, say "but I'm not going to explain why" And why the hell not?
Maybe I'm just hanging out on the wrong websites, then.
Goddamnit, there are zero emojis that accurately capture the look on my face right now.
Wat.
Yeah, *she's* the asshole here. Not the guy who just committed an act of animal cruelty.
Ben "/u/ColeYote is getting tired of this joke" Garrison.
Deporting people to a war zone is a human rights violation. Not that the sort of people who suggest these sorts of thing care.
"Like worshipping the rich."
I've seen a few people who insist on calling them that. In 2016.
Every gun owner is a law-abiding gun owner until they commit a crime. Oh, and nice ablism. Odds the appropriately named Comically Incorrect people actually care about mental health?
Oh, fuck off, people who confuse Matt Stone and Trey Parker for legitimate philosophers.
&gt; Usually I'll comment on how people throw around the red piller accusation too much It's literally posted in TRP.
Please, sir, tell me; what can I do to accelerate the death of the redneck?
Because apparently only the people in power are capable of producing propaganda. Not like the Leave campaign had bullshit about how much money the UK gives to the EU written on the side of its bus or anything.
Maybe he thinks feminists are the reason there's no women in combat roles? I mean, I know that's the opposite of reality, but knowing MGTOWs...
Yes, the only country. That's why the war was able to go on for 2 years before they joined. Winston Churchill? Never heard of him.
Woah, hey, I'm no fan of what they're doing either, but that's jumping to conclusions a little.
&gt; +6 Admins. Fucking do something.
Oh, you poor 99% majority.
And it's not even the first time he's come out as pro-torture. Fuck him and fuck every single piece of shit who supports him.
Have they gotten over calling LizWar a traitor already?
Christ, NDGT is a pretentious tool.
As far as I'm aware, most other western countries don't even have a pledge of allegiance. Certainly don't in Canada, unless "Let's Go [hockey team]" counts.
I'm guessing/hoping this was made as a joke.
Admins: TrueCels very openly and very blatantly promotes rape and violence against women. FUCKING BAN THEM ALREADY YOU USELESS CHICKENSHITS!
So what do you propose, antagonizing Muslims, abandoning the ideals of peace, equality, tolerance and democracy that set us apart from the turrists and being suspicious of everything? WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK TERRORISTS WANT YOU TO DO?!
&gt; Democrats aren't talking about destroying the 2nd amendment. I am.
