At least they didn't include an application.
Try the stock barrel and back? or a wider diameter freak insert?
The first picture appears to be of a dragonboat team. :)
Then it's a bit high. Counter offer with $400.
- Paisley - Polka dot - Vomit
Mine is a 14.4kbps modem handshake.
They're "free-range"!!!
Slippery Slope
MicroSD slot? Really??
I saw the reply before it was deleted. Their answer was that they could "mostly" cover it, but needing $22k isn't really "mostly" to me. $22k is like asking for a car.
The Oscar Meyer wiener song.
I'm curious about the opposite. For example, how does LuthorCorp stay in business? Wouldn't the association with Lex Luthor be a PR nightmare?
This is the best answer.
The same things that cause me to not believe there's a Kali, Zeus, Odin, Shiva, or any other gods; lack of evidence.
If you're being overtaken on the right, you're probably in the wrong lane. Remember, there are signs that remind people that "Slow Traffic Keep Right".
Just tell people you have no belief in the supernatural.
The sky will shoot back, but has terrible aim.
Well the whole reason for "safe and sane" was due to the number of injuries seen in emergency rooms due mostly to stupid people.
You'll have to replace the plug at least, but you might be able to fix the socket. Turn off power at the breaker box. Then remove the socket from the wall and see if you can somehow dig out or push out the broken piece.
Being grossed out by how your food gets from farm to table is a 1st world problem. Before the advent of centralized slaughterhouses in the meat industry, we weren't so detached from the process. And even so, Europeans don't have these kinds of qualms about meat.
Cake day to the face!
Why didn't the person ordering this simply say, "No pickles or mustard"?
If you could identify it, it wouldn't be a UFO!
Except when they get it wrong. That seems like a reason.
/r/kaylarynn, Normally requests should be made by users that meet the karma requirement, but I'll let this pass for now. You should provide her username if you expect people to chat with her though.
PlexPy doesn't track people streaming from your CloudSync (if you have it shared) or people on devices (such as Android) that don't use the default Plex player. However it will list people syncing to their own devices. Edit: I guess someone didn't want to know PlexPy's limitations. Basically it has the same limitations that PMS for monitoring activity.
If they are American citizens, they can go to the American embassy to get help.
Right. It just means you should pre-transcode with Handbrake from your pc first.
True. DLNA would work.
Above all else, there's no good way to tell someone they're wrong about a deeply held belief.
No, that era's Gatchaman was a science ninja team.
The post title isn't funny.
Doesn't it depend on the reason for flooding? For example, a lot of contracts claim no liability for "Acts of God". But if you're talking about a backed up drain, it still depends on the cause. If it's a kid flushing a toy or someone flushing their feminine hygiene products, the landlord won't be held responsible.
What's a "reno"? Did you mean remodel? And can't they make a claim on the neighbor's insurance?
Rounding up to 500 miles and assuming an average of 30mpg, we're looking at just under 17 gallons of gas. According to AAA, today's national average is $1.99/gal. So that'd be just under $34 for 17gal. Assuming California's price for gas of $2.879 today, that's just under $50 for the same amount of gas.
And it's in your own name now? Or is your ex on the hook for it?
Are you running the install with admin rights?
You're a bit shy of the 300 combined karma requirement for posting. As such, this post will be removed. If you manage to bring it up, you may repost your request.
Crowdfunding for R&amp;D has been around a lot longer than you think. Technically, every telethon you've seen for Jerry's kids is a crowdfunding effort to find a cure for muscular dystrophy.
I don't think anyone who listens to super-loud music can tell the difference once you go deaf.
You'd think there would be some mention of punishment in the afterlife at least.
What if that's not your default start page in RiF?
It seems that the first thing that you need to learn about Reddit is that each sub has their own ways of doing things. In this case, it appears you've never gotten around to reading the rules for this sub, which are found in the sidebar under "General Rules" which go [**here**](https://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/wiki/rules). It's not about kindness. It's about trust. As someone who once donated several times to people who've abused my trust, the burden is on you to earn it, and not simply expect it. * You have a new account. * Most of your posts have been repeatedly removed reposts asking for help for your friend. * You clearly don't contribute to the general conversation on Reddit. * And you've seemed to be able to find this non-default sub just fine, despite being a "new user". Basically, lots of red flags. Can't you understand why the rules exist to address trust issues for those of us who have been burned before?
In America, it's not uncommon for students to be employed while going to college. That would seem like the best route for you, as many donors would probably look at your academic history in a less-than-favorable light, given that you've quit and "lost passion" for school before.
Oh! Nevermind. I keep forgetting it uses the same software as the Cubox-i, of which there is an image for OMV available!
None of the questions seem like harassment. Looks like people just want to get to the bottom of the problem.
If anything, contact the high school and see if there's an alumni group you can ask.
OP deleted their account...
You might want to X-post to /r/AskReddit too.
Technically, you don't need the app to watch on an Android device. An HTML5 compliant browser is really all you need.
There needs a "well duh" sign, right below it.
Why's that? There would be a larger pool of redditors to ask.
Check out /r/vandwellers for advice on living out of your vehicle. Also, call 211 to find out what other resources are available in your area.
Don't domesticated bunnies eventually die too?
** Technically, the amount is the average savings. Some families will save less, and some more. Not EVERY family saves the same amount.
1 French fried sock.
I'm kind of ambivalent. On the one hand, people are offering something in exchange for help. But on the other, it just seems like a more desperate form of spam. I don't know where the line is between advertising and asking for help in those cases.
I'm not in a position to help you with nothing. Perhaps one of our other fantastic users can!
If you think you'll be forced to relocate soon, you could sell off your furniture. That puts money in your pockets, and makes moving easier.
Your local utility might offer the program that helps replace your a/c unit. They subsidize swapping out old inefficient units with new energy efficient ones. There's an income requirement, so call them and see if you qualify.
Go to court and have his wages garnished. Once that's in the state's database, the employer also gets the report on garnishment based on his SSN. My friend's ex ended up getting let go from a couple of jobs because the businesses had moral requirements. For one, the Disney company doesn't put up with that sort of employee. Child support is an obligation, not a right on his part. I had a friend go through the process herself, and it took several hearings to get it done. Her ex was a dick, so the threat of jail had to be used to finally force him to pay up.
I have both the first gen Fire Stick and 2nd gen Chromcast, and they both seem to run about the same. Buffering issues can be a symptom of wireless issues and should be eliminated as a source of your problem first.
I I'll tell you later.
The whole point of the post was to find some way to avoid those specific things because OP's girlfriend can't handle that specific kind of scene.
Isn't this outright spam?
1. Yusha Reideen - This was one of the first anime I watched regularly as a kid. If you're too young to have seen this, it was probably the first to feature a giant robot that transformed broadcast in the U.S. 2. Bakamonogatari 3. Macross 4. Yamato 2199 - Remake of the original Yamato. 5. Mach-A-Go-Go aka Speed Racer.
Infinity. Movie adaption of Richard P. Feynmann's autobiography.
So what exactly is your skillset? Not sure how someone will be able to make any suggestions outside of retail without that info.
Hmm. Seems similar to what one of my friends does. And she works from home doing this too. Head office is on the east coast, while she works from the west coast. PM me a link to your actual resume, and I'll see if they're hiring. The other possibility is to get some project work with a staffing agency like Robert Half Technologies. Check out www.rht.com when you have time.
Yeah, with your SEO experience, they might have something.
For when you want to smell like chlorine and humidity?
So, music for a commercial? Does it need words, or music only?
Not sure why I'd vouch for someone I don't know in real life.
Doesn't the kind of visa you have make a difference? I'm not sure what kind of employment you're allowed to get on a student visa.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfMcxmOBmpk
Along with the other suggestions, your school should have a job placement office that can help.
If you can prove his dogs did this, you can also try small claims court to recoup damages.
But a Fitbit? A jewelry organizer? And a giftcard to Sephora? These aren't necessities.
Invent a time machine or redo your work. You can't get data back from hardware no longer in your possession.
Buy kids meals to collect the toys.
Doesn't your school have a housing office you can talk to? You say that government housing doesn't agree with you, but beggars can't always be choosers.
I'm running this myself with OMV. Installed plugins for Transmission and SMB, but SFTP is also available. I installed the Open VPN client from the command line too.
One of the obvious things would be to use your education to get a better job. What did you get a degree in, since you went for the education?
Did I misread that you're going to university now?
As a client, it should work ok if you're using DLNA instead of Plex on the back end.
Does your university offer housing, like in dormitories?
And you can't get financial aid to help with that?
Hm. Ok. I don't know how they do things there, but here in the US, educational costs are often covered by grants and scholarships, loans, and part time work. Most benefactors would like to make sure you've exhausted these options, as well as knowing how well you are performing in school. What you're asking for is unlikely to happen in the short term, so it's worth the effort to take steps now to qualify for grants and scholarships and any other aid you can get for the next and future terms and get a job to save up until you can get in to a dorm or off-campus housing.
You might have already checked with these folks, but just in case... http://students.mq.edu.au/support/health_and_wellbeing/welfare_service/ It says they can help with financial issues. Otherwise, asking the internet to help support you until graduation is a tough sell because of its open ended nature.
Do you have a regular account? Not sure I'd want to support a "drive-by" account just created today.
The Bosnia field there has helicopter fuselages, yes.
Have you tried selling those on Craigslist, so that someone local to you could pay you in person for your sunglasses?
Actually, HDMI to VGA. Also keep in mind, audio needs to be broken out of the HDMI connection too, else you'd just only have a picture.
Loma Linda School of Dentistry?
Fucking kids...
Removed. Account doesn't meet karma requirement.
&gt; Unemployment won't even help them (unassumingly due to their credit history but idk). Credit worthiness has no impact on receiving unemployment benefits. They're usually denied if the applicant hasn't worked for very long, worked under the table for cash, or with just cause. At this point, selling as much of their possessions for cash would be the quickest short term solution, but merely buys enough time to to get to the next month. The upside of selling everything for cash is that it makes moving out easier.
Clinical trials for drugs can have risks. For example, early stage drug trials are often done to determine if they're dangerous to humans and in what dosages. But not all medical research is pharmacology. For example, a sleep study would be pretty harmless. So it depends. If they're testing something that you're not comfortable in taking those risks, then obviously you should avoid it. Finally, if you happen to be a healthy female, selling your eggs can make several thousands of dollars. But they often have a lot of stipulations in who they'll accept.
The $160 appears to be for the visit. You'll see another dollar amount on the invoice for the estimated price of repairs.
Is your machine running hot? Turn it off and let it cool down for a while, then restart it.
How are you going to get a loan with no job?
It would probably be best to have that as an Amazon wishlist item for someone to purchase for you.
For the amount of money you're looking for, a lot of people would hesitate simply because this doesn't appear to be an established charity. If this is something you're planning on doing on an ongoing basis, I would suggest you look into registering with your state as a non-profit. Not only does this help make you look more reputable, but it also helps that people would be able to receive a tax break for their donations.
Given the choice, at the moment I would get an ODROID XU4. It has GB ethernet and USB3.0, which I find more useful than SATA2 simply because I can keep adding drives. http://www.hardkernel.com/main/products/prdt_info.php?g_code=G143452239825&amp;tab_idx=1 Something to think about if you're building a NAS. If you're willing to spend 2x that price, the ECS Liva-X mini pc is a bit more capable. http://smile.amazon.com/ECS-Elitegroup-LIVA-X-2GB-32GB/dp/B00SAYE162/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1453924330&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=liva+x+2gb+32gb+mini+pc
I want to move my Plex media files (totalling over 7TB spread over 3 external drives) over to a NAS eventually. Since the BananaPi only has one SATA port, USB3 is the next best option for me. :)
It just depends on your budget. Obviously the more capable the machine, the more it'll cost.
Sounds like the PSU was part of a USB-to-SATA kit. :)
Check your local area for dentistry schools. They're always looking for patients, and are much more affordable.
That's awesome...
This account doesn't meet the karma requirement for making requests.
These are the requesting rules: https://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/wiki/rules
Have you told them that you want to move out?
The odd thing about it was that this account never even commented on that other post. For reference: https://np.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/42vibu/how_do_i_22f_leave_my_abusive_boyfriend27m/
Then the first thing I'd recommend is getting a PO box or box at a retail postal service, and have your mail sent there. Food stamps, bank account statements, everything. Next, is to find a friend who'll let you stay with them while you find a better job. Keep the one you have until you have something better. Pay your friend a token amount of rent for helping you out. Save up until you can find afford your own place, or rent a place with a friend. But don't do this too quickly! There are better things to spend money on that's of greater benefit in the long run, like college.
What if she tosses an accordion?
Or lime Jello.
Okay, so how many have you read? :-D
Realistically, no one is going to offer you a job that you can work remotely from home. You have no work history to show how well you can work unsupervised. Is there a reason why it has to be a job that's done remote? Because I'm pretty sure you can hire someone in India for cheaper than what people would get paid here given your skillset.
Which costs more? Repair or replacement?
If you're a healthy female, you can donate your eggs.
But you don't have to completely pay off a credit card.
Do you have a baby registry somewhere? People often prefer that instead of giving cash.
Removed. No 3rd party requests as it goes against our requirement for active Reddit users only.
Ask for a raise...
Reboot, and try again. Some updates have dependencies that don't register until you reboot.
Isn't this just marketing?
What kind of crazy person tries to catch up and pass a truck doing that??
http://i.imgur.com/sJOcpqm.jpg
1901 is like the Club 33 for DCA. The entrance is next door to Carthay.
Driving in to oncoming traffic is a good job?
From what I was told, it was limited to corporate, not individual Club 33 memberships.
As you don't meet the comment karma requirements, this request is now removed. https://www.reddit.com/r/Need/about/rules/
There's nothing personal about proof. That's the beauty of it.
Hurrah for cafeteria Christianity, where every lay-person is an expert at knowing what's supposed still be valid!
Of course there are crazy atheists! But we recognize their motivation isn't because of some twisted interpretation of some religion. Actually.. I guess you could also show crazy people who think their actions are blamed on government conspiracies, aliens, chemtrails, and the like... But none of those are relevant to whether or not your deity exists.
If this is all true, I would have publicized this church's bad behavior in at least the local media.
There's a redditor that does it in fancy script. Get them to do that for you...
You have no location provided. Might be useful if someone local to you can help. You have no method of money transfer listed. Something like PayPal where someone could send money. Add these to your post so readers have some idea of how to help. :)
What skillset can you provide that someone from Greece can't? After all, Greece has one of the highest rates of unemployment in Europe already.
You're dodging the question. If you're not providing anything that can't be sourced locally, the same money you're asking for can go further if it wasn't being used to send you there.
You know, you can find volunteers in Greece too. They don't need to import more foreigners.
Okay, this is going to be a little long, but bear with me. Greece is still in a financial crisis. By taking away the opportunity for Greeks to find paid work helping refugees, you actually have a negative impact on the local economy. Paying people for their work isn't some sort of evil thing. It's a bigger picture than what you're thinking of. Right now, Greece can't really afford to help the refugees, considering their national debt is so high that they've cut so many government services resulting in the loss of even more jobs. Sending a foreigner in to work for free not only deprives the country of a paid job, but also the taxes on their income and on their purchases. Importing volunteers results in a lot of wasted overhead. You have to house them, feed them, translate for them. You also have to deal with volunteers differently, because you can't always expect them to do the hard ugly jobs for free, like dealing with sanitation issues, or volunteers that quit because they just don't want to do it for whatever reason. At least paid employees have some incentive to do the work. Volunteers also get no workplace protection. They're not employees, after all. And in this case, OP is only volunteering for 4 weeks, when the need goes beyond that. I get that people like OP want to be helpful, but unless you've got something that they really need, like for example, a fluency in Arabic, a medical specialty, or some other useful skill, then you're just unskilled manual labor which they already have lots of. It's just an inefficient use of resources to send people like that. Good intentions are not enough.
Have you talked to a bank about a loan, or hit up a payday loan place? Those would be pretty immediate that you could do yourself.
If you're asking for material help (money or goods), you don't meet the comment karma requirements at this time. So this post is going to be removed. However, I suggest you make a new post, looking for maybe some free game to play online or other free ways to distract yourself.
Electrically speaking, the outlets you're speaking of are still American standard 120v/60Hz (more or less). They probably have higher amperage capabilities for the equipment you've described, but are usually fine for common consumer electronics, as they simply won't draw that much current. The anecdote you mention is probably because the guest had a cheap-ass charger that was unable to regulate power adequately.
Technically, bankruptcy doesn't get employers out of paying their employees first before other creditors, unless the employer has no assets left. However, it does mean that until they liquidate their assets, you might be waiting a while. :-/ If you don't mind, could you please let us know what area you live in, so that folks can help you find public assistance as well?
X-box is pretty much a HTPC now. With Windows Core, the same code can run on most platforms now, whereas before, the codebase up until the Xbox One was different enough force separate developer groups.
It's always "essentially" been a PC, however even up to the current models, the video chipsets were standardized as part of the mainboard, and not off any sort of expandable bus.
I still don't see anything wrong with what you did. You were a gentleman.
Hate it. It was like watching a video game cut scene.
Can't beat Dole Whip + Malibu rum...
If we were going by movies no one has ever seen, then Splash Mountain could go because Song of the South is too racist to re-release.
While a lot of the ones I know have iPhones, they aren't in the majority in my circles.
So they sent you a copy of the original invoice/bill? A lot of collections agencies will buy debt but don't have the documentation to back it up. If the old apartment complex can't verify, and the collections agency can't provide an invoice or bill, then tell the collector they have no legal grounds to pursue. It seems like the old apartment complex won't care enough to provide a copy simply because there's nothing in it for them. That old debt has already been sold to an agency, so the apartments won't see anything that the agency collects.
Good old OC...
Will your employer help with your internet and phone bill?
They're not allowed at our practice and race locations in Long Beach.
I want to see if it crashed now... Damn you OP!
Fun Fact: Chihuahuas were once used for food too. http://www.thedogplace.org/breeds/chihuahua/history.asp
People have chickens and pigs as pets. Your pet is just someone else's food.
The fire marshal will simply tell Disney to start turning people away when they're at capacity. But odds are, you won't need to worry about it with the SoCal pass because those all those really busy days would likely get blocked out for you anyway.
Because?
Helpful tip to avoid the reflection: Put the camera all the way up to the window glass.
Can't bank the curves?
"Free-range" = off-the-street?
Random question. Why did you sign up for a class like that knowing you didn't have a camera for it? Are you an art major of some sort, and this was a required class?
Left4Dead 2, and an old version of Command and Conquer
Ah, okay. Usually a course description would mention details like that...
There used to be gators in Buena Park though...
A child is going to be way more expensive than a pool in the long run. Until you increase your income, child-free is the way to go...
I'm running C&amp;C 3: Kane's Wrath
Does the UK have a standard certification for service dogs? I can see a lot of people abusing such laws just to bring a pet.
Ir spotlight would help blind the cameras...
As I remember, they accept other tests too, such as the SAT.
This would be better served in /r/AskReddit, wouldn't it?
Once in a while it stops responding to my pen or touches, but if I swipe the screen from the left to bring up the running programs, and then back to Chrome, it works fine again.
Since it's not expandable, get the most RAM and SSD capacity you can afford.
They race at night? That's pretty cool!
How about Mile Square Park in Fountain Valley? http://ocparks.com/parks/mile/
Is this one of those cases where the part is cheap but the labor is expensive?
Booze and fatty snack foods apparently...
Why did you stay with him even two years?
I hope it wasn't a picture of Bob Jones University...
You'll never be able to make everyone happy. You can piss off the Israelis, the Arabs, the sub-faction of Arabs, the Palestinians, the Kurds, the whey... Someone is always going to grumpy.
That sucks that people would steal a little kid's bike... :-/
I can't tell what exactly you're asking for. The site asks for my email address to enter a contest, but I don't see how that's supposed to help you. Edit: Oh I see. It's a referral link.
I think Stein's;Gate or Boku dake ga Inai Machi would work with American audiences. Relatively complex story lines with likable characters.
Care to share your take then? Downvotes, really? What? People just are lazier than me? Reminds me of Monty Python's Argument Clinic, where the guy you're paying for to argue simply says "No, it's not!" That's disingenuous.
Bridges of Madison County...
It really is the adapter. I had to get an active one to get it working with the dock.
1v7 and you're worried about not hurting them too badly? Usually in that kind of situation, you need to hurt people enough so they don't come back at you again. But you could have walked away at the start, I suppose. I realize that's often much more difficult depending on your mindset at the time. And walking away is often no guarantee that they'll leave you alone.
Venice Beach has a lot of quirky shops and eateries to check out.
Don't forget, there's the SD Zoo AND the SD Wild Animal Park!
Medieval Times in Buena Park
What kind of power supply are you using?
PM me your paypal address, please. The only reason I'm doing this is because if you don't pay it back, I can sic Emily after you... :)
5V 3A should be more than fine for a Cubox. Reimage the SD card yet?
That guard cat works better than a lot of dogs I've seen.
I bow to your fecal fortitude...
I suppose there's one way to find out...
The GFM has a picture. https://www.gofundme.com/36jtpcg
Pig out and watch TV all day, preferably cooking shows...
If you can dodge a plate, you can dodge a chore... :-D
What's wrong with it? dead motherboard? dead keyboard?
What model number is that Macbook?
Yeah, that doesn't really do me any good when looking for replacement parts.
I have the remote. It's really tiny! And is only a remote trigger, so you can't remotely change settings like you can with the GoPro remote for comparison. I've been looking at stabilizers myself. It seems that the smaller handheld ones could be used if you could disconnect the handle and attach to a monopod instead. For example, this one, if the handle could be removed off the bottom of the ball joint, would be ideal to attach to a monopod. http://a.co/iH7zRQb
&gt; A10502 Sorry.. I don't see any of those boards in my usual suppliers. :-/
When something is synced, it's transcoded so that no additional processing is required on the fly. The resulting sync file has the subtitles merged into it, so changing the subtitle playback options won't do anything at that point. Edit: you have to disable the subtitles before syncing if you want to get rid of them, either on an individual basis for each episode, or globally in the server language settings.
Isn't this something you'd clarify with HR?
A pillowcase filled with crystal kitty litter will help to reduce the inside humidity. P.S. - Don't get stopped in Texas with this. http://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/01/09/texas_man_loses_job_and_jailed_after_cops_confuse_cat_litter_for_meth/
The problem with salt is that it can corrode things. It's bad because as you jostle the bag, it can break down into dust which can make it's way out.
Autopilot + no insurance = Expensive lesson. Do insurance companies even cover accidents involving the use of the Autopilot feature?
If I was building a NAS, I wouldn't use a RasPi. The USB and network controllers use the same bus, so your performance lags either way. I built mine with a Banana PI that has SATA and GB Ethernet. But if you're going to stick with the RasPi, use drives that have their own power supplies, as the RasPi's USB ports can't supply enough power to run some of the larger capacity external drives. RasPi is also restricted to USB2.x, so if you find USB2 drives at a lower cost, go with those. I'd also recommend you take a look at OpenMediaVault for the Pi. It supports many of the things you're looking for with a nice GUI front end so that you won't need to learn a lot of *nix to get it going.
Or just use a clothespin...
Why didn't you set up mail forwarding when you moved? https://moversguide.usps.com/icoa/home/icoa-main-flow.do?execution=e1s1&amp;_flowId=icoa-main-flow&amp;referral=MG84
Is the parents' property part of the service address listed for the account? If so, then you should be fine. If you're talking about using your parents' account info to connect to the Xvinity hotspots, then the location doesn't really matter. You just have to be considered part of your parents' household.
The KKK considers themselves Christian.
Also Robert Half Technologies, rht.com online
Imagine if he tried cannonballing into it first...
While traffic does go through the VPN servers, it's only a pipe, and isn't stored there.
Happens all the time, to ensure business continuity. Basically if the mail admin is smart, they make the old name/address an alias of the new account, and any outbound email would use the new account name and address. As it's a work account, the old email of the former employee is property of the company anyway. Outside of that, people need to keep that in mind when using a company email for personal correspondence.
&gt; It's just so slick and convenient to touch the door handle to lock/unlock Wait. It locks that way too?? I never knew that!!!
TIL... Thanks! I'll have to do that for now on!
"Sorry about the shart..."
I don't think the Pi supports 128...
Why would a first responder ever check a wallet before rendering aid anyway? Also, why would an employer ever knowingly want to hire someone who has a DNR? That just seems bad from a liability perspective.
That's how most decent people think too.
Doesn't this happen in pretty much any MMORPG? :)
I don't even remember if it went past the queue for Star Tours...
So this is what I uploaded. :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJwOGN71okY
Do you feel lucky, punk?
All I can say is that the food at Aladdin's Oasis isn't very good. The reserved seating for the parade was around the Partners statue on Main Street when we went.
Does the shelter have a web page?
Is there a Planned Parenthood office in your area?
Basically the Pi doesn't have a composite input, so in most cases you'd be using a composite-to-USB converter. However, this being said, the Pi's USB isn't fast enough. A network attached camera would be better, as the encoding is done on the camera, and then the Pi could just be a NAS for storing those videos. But the Pi isn't a great NAS depending on how much data is being transferred, again due to the USB limitations.
Riding with the lights on makes you want to keep your hands inside the car...
I wish Tesla sponsored it instead.
Removed. Insufficient Comment Karma.
It can also be created by compression, so technically that satisfies your question.
Are you talking about the rivet-like things? I ended up using industrial Velcro in long strips to keep them in place, and just the hook side, not the loop side.
Insufficient comment karma. Please try again later when you've reached 300.
Just saw this post. You shouldn't need any motors to keep the pendulum moving. Just a magnet, like the one at Griffith Observatory, and some metal at the center will keep the pendulum going. http://griffithobservatory.org/exhibits/centralrotunda_foucaultpendulum.html
So, something to make running a bramble worthwhile?
Still a lot of unused space in there. :)
Personally, I'm annoyed that a standard 1.0l Nalgene bottle won't fit..
Local gas companies can often help with repairs on gas heaters. Have you checked with them yet?
Easy. You send in you return really early.
I don't think any service would hold a package for an "unlimited time"...
Make a request in /r/redditrequest to become top mod.
No trusted friends in the US to ship to?
Gotcha. Look into some of the assistance programs which can often pay for the replacement, if you meet their income requirements. For example, http://efficiencyunited.com/residential/michigan-gas-utilities/energy-efficiency-assistance-program
Maybe another reader will know of some opportunities for you in the area. Also, be sure to check out local networking/professional groups, because they're great sources for info on who might be hiring.
I'm surprised this didn't make the news. Instead we get video of people's backyards about hail...
Freedom of speech doesn't come with freedom of consequence.
Give them FOIA requests for any records they have of yourself. :)
While we have no particular rule about sharing your own personal info, we generally recommend that you make your paypal address available upon request privately.
https://www.youtube.com/user/Ultradip Mostly for myself. Don't really care about views or subscribers. 🙂
It's flammable.
I don't want it to be a real pen, because I'll lose it with every other pen I've misplaced. Keeping the stylus just a stylus means I won't walk off with it under the false intention of bringing it back to my Surface after I write something.
I used to be a couchsurfing host before I rented out my spare bedroom. Anyway, I wish the team was going to be in your local race, but it's just not big enough. :-/
There's an actual human skull in Pirates of the Caribbean.
A high school civics textbook.
Depends on the muffin top...
/u/licklekitteh , Why was this deleted? I kinda want to know, because our usual process would have us ban the account from here.
That makes sense. Thanks!
*waives
I won't ban you, but just pay attention to the rules next time, ok? :)
So why are you spending money at restaurants when cooking meals at home is much cheaper? Anyone can tell you eating out isn't cheap. And going somewhere with table service always is much more expensive. Taking it out on other people doesn't generate any sympathy for you.
What about insurance, maintenance, and gas?
Not sure why such a low karma account would be a credible validation...
Yeah, I hope they get enough support to go into regular production!
Removed. This type of request falls under "non-necessity".
Don't forget software updates eat away at data too.
It's the summer! Go get a part time job, or mow some lawns or something.
I think your fiance just needs to find someone rich to marry if that's all you think she cares about.
I think you misunderstand what Reddit is. Reddit is a community. It's built on the relationships and communications between users. A low karma user often simply indicates they're simply a lurker, a wallflower, with not a whole lot of intent to interact. Trust is also built on those interactions. And the lack thereof often means there's no vested interest in the community, but rather the intent to get what they can out of it without much in return. In many cases, there have been examples of people selling their accounts to others. You'll often see high karma accounts with little actual history. While it could be true that they've simply grew it by participating in private subs, that's still not enough to address the skepticism. But yeah, I've been following them around for 3 years downvoting everything you have. /s
Darnit... Archive.IS is having issues archiving this.
As a start, sell your Xbox. Nobody is going to trust their money with a gambling addict.
Dude, at least set up a password on those!
My cat went through the same thing. The vet can flush your cat's kidneys on a recurring basis, but it won't get better. Basically, nobody is going to take in a cat in that condition because it's too expensive to keep up.
It's much easier to color the hair the same existing color.
Did you not take a look at the pictures on the Adafruit site for this? Not sure how you ended up with the display mounted wrong like that...
Why didn't they just make them face each other?
If you're in LA, definitely check out the Hollywood Escape Hotel! :)
Donald Trump ChiaHead
When I set mine up, I used whatever documentation out there for the RasPi.
Technically, you could put a phone number on a lot of key chains that allow personalization.
Technically, you can't use GoFundMe either, because as a minor, you can't legally enter into financial agreements like that.
Work on your cardio!
It's a little late to do something about changing your test results, isn't it?
I wonder how expensive that ooops was...
Math is one thing.. Italian.. well...
Apple doesn't have a Smart TV. They make a Roku form factor box called Apple TV, but not an actual TV.
Looks like they have shared it.
Triangle blocks...
What area do you live in? Depending on the jurisdiction, you might be able to file for an expungement (you can't buy a pardon) yourself instead of paying for a lawyer to do it. There are usually conditions though, so you might want to consult with the local legal aid society for info. If you're trying to find work, knowing your skill set would be helpful.
&gt; The SUV proceeded to roll backward into the water, trailer in tow. Uhhh.. that's a weird looking "backward".
Well he's getting nearer to death every day.
Attitude, most likely. Without comparing yourself to others, what have you done so far in your life?
Fat people.
Right, from Claremont through to Rialto. 27 miles total.
Try OpenMediaVault. It works well for people not too familiar with Linux. However, like it's been said before, the RasPi isn't actually that great for a NAS, because it's USB and network share the same bus which limits the transfer rates for both.
There's a group out there that did a Christmas-in-july event, which is what you probably saw.
I have a skybox on mine. Your gas mileage takes a 3 to 6 mpg hit depending on how you drive. As you get closer to 75 mph, it's much worse. Aside from that, you don't really notice unless there's a strong cross wind.
Never take legal advice from a cop.
My only concern would be with the shutdowns, especially without an on/off switch on the Pi.
Why are people this dumb...?
Why are they wasting time and money making games that not enough people can play to be profitable anyway?
Evil Genius!
If your insurance is refusing repairs, then they likely offered you the cash value for it instead, did they not?
In a lot of places, part time isn't enough for your own apartment. Have you looked at renting a room?
Yes, but the amounts vary. It's rare that people ask for a first and last plus a deposit tho'.
That's just really weird. How did you hit the sign? Just curious...
I had a black cat. This would never differentiate between her and other black cats...
Free cat!
Since there's no sidewalk, which would normally be public, there's probably some easement law stating that pedestrians are allowed to walk along the property.
Really nice car + really nice house = classy Really nice car + shitty house = trashy
"ex student"? Did you graduate? or did you drop out?
What's wrong with their parking here?
Also consider getting a part time job that has more hours than tutoring. Your campus should have an office with local listings of employers looking for potential employees from the student body. I was able to work through college, and was able to apply some of that experience towards credit for a couple of required classes.
Are you in any of the Disney subreddits? A lot of CMs are in those, and could probably help you with finding a place to live.
This kind of stuff is what drives people to Linux. With all the anti-piracy regulation being foisted especially in the Windows market, I wouldn't be surprised if this doesn't spread to other anti-malware apps.
OpenVPN, by itself, is not a solution if you have nothing to connect to, such as PIA. The install for OpenVPN would allow you to set up a server of your own that you could connect to from outside your network, but that's all.
Costco, because I'm ~~cheap~~frugal...
Why not take a PE class at school? Or check to see if your school has a workout room you can use?
How long will you be there? Because people are more likely to help with long term efforts over voluntourism.
Poor scammer...
Transcoding isn't available on ARM, except I think for the Nvidia Shield. I don't think it's a bottlenecking problem on the PI itself if it works fine for OP at home, since bandwidth isn't a problem at home. But it would be a networking bottleneck instead going DSL since it's so freaking slow outbound of their home. For other servers, Plex should transcode to a lower quality or Optimize media for the lower bandwidth available.
I'm on Reddit with PIA just fine too. Which servers are you using?
Also, disable GPS...
The signup page says 30 day trial...
I was expecting a Maxtor....
Wtf?!
Is that bad? Downtown Fullerton has a pretty decent nightlife compared to Irvine.
What you're asking for is what, exactly? Are you asking for people to fund your kids? Because that's not really going to happen. It's just not sustainable for 18 years and not our obligation. I see in the post and in your comments a misplaced sense of blame. It's not just the obvious problem with not-keeping-it-in-your-pants, but the lack of financial planning. Go to /r/personalfinance. Make a post there asking how you can catch up. Don't hit people for money over there, because then you'll just get your post removed/locked/banned. Yes, there will be some assholes like us that point out your mistakes, but you need to find a sustainable way to move forward, so own up to your problems and listen with the intent to learn.
You're asking people to pay for your expenses so that you can pay your child support simply **makes you the middleman**. So let's be clear about this: **YOU *ARE* ASKING PEOPLE TO SUPPORT YOUR KIDS.** It's one thing to be honest about that, but nobody's not time for your delusion otherwise.
First off, I have to give you props that you're even asking for help. A lot of people don't even do that. I know it's hard. I know it feels like you're getting beat down by people who don't even know you. Spending time with your kids is a luxury. It really is. But what your kids need is a dad that has his own shit together in order to do that first. From our point of view, even starting with the title of this post, you're pissing people off because not only were you not accepting responsibility for the circumstances you're in, but you're expecting other people to bail you out as you're telling people to fuck off. I truly wish you luck, however at this time, I am unwilling to contribute because of that attitude.
What I want from you? Nothing. But what you want for yourself is important. You already know your job situation sucks. Of all the things you've spent time writing about, not a single iota is dedicated to how you're going to address that. What are you doing to get a better paying job that doesn't require overtime? Because ultimately that's your only real sustainable solution.
At this point, you have to evaluate your options. Do you have any idea how much you need to be making annually in order to cover everything? Once you have that number, then you can look at what you can do that pays that much. If it turns out that nobody pays enough, then you need to evaluate what it'll take to get a better paying job; like do you need certification, training, or education? If that's the case, talk to people in the field that you're interested and find out what they did to get in to those jobs. You may be able to get scholarships and grants for a medical related field, which would adjust your income and child support requirements accordingly. I'm sorry to say this isn't a quick fix. It's easy to say, but hard to actually do, however it would work out better for everyone in the long run once you're in a stable, well-paying career.
Dumb question. What's the fee for? Why are you that much in arrears? If you had been paid up at the time, dropping out shouldn't have caused that, I think...?
Check out /r/scholarships ?
Instead of specifying that you were looking for schools, you specifically asked for race. If you want a jewish experience, go to NY or LA where there are larger clusters of them. But the thing that you fail to grasp is that the reason why these particular schools are successful is socio-economic. When comparing college acceptance rates along socio-economic lines, race, culture, and religion aren't really factor. Wealthy neighborhoods have better schools. Occasionally you'll find a magnet school in a "bad" neighborhood that does well, but those are extremely diverse. So, good luck finding something within your price range, mostly white, with a good school.
You're making an assumption based on race. That's pretty much the definition of racist. "White neighborhoods are the 3rd best" when really, the racial makeup of the neighborhood shouldn't make a difference. Otherwise by your reasoning, schools in Kentucky should be churning out a lot of college grads compared to California where Caucasians are no longer the majority.
You just had to say that...
Good thing archive.is has a snapshot of the original post!
Mine works. Just takes a while for results to show up sometimes for me since I have so many trackers configured.
It's a region of Southern California east of LA made up of San Bernardino and Riverside counties.
Then I'd suggest something along the lines of a Patreon, like Yandere Dev does. He does weekly-ish progress reports on how his game is coming along showing that stuff is being accomplished. Right now, it seems you've got nothing to show so people have no idea about you or your ability to complete, which I think is the biggest obstacle. Can you throw together a demo for potential donors?
What's your VPN connecting to?
Sorry about your friend. That must suck tremendously.
This is what happens when you don't bolt down a safe.
Depends on if they're petty enough to have you towed.
How much media are you planning on bringing? You could just get a RasPi Zero W and set it up as a PirateBox with DLNA.
You could build a Tiny House yourself though, and you'd simply pay as you build. https://morningchores.com/tiny-house-plans/
I get that people have a valid point saying that there's no real benefit to submerging it, however we should realize that the Pi isn't exactly great for a lot of other things we do with it either! (looking at you, shared USB/Ethernet bus...) So, yeah. Try it out! Have fun! Learn something!
Legal standing. Or in other words, does this actually affect you personally?
+++ATH
Haven't seen a roof rack like that before...
Well, you can turn down a paintball marker to make it slower. You just need to make sure someone has a chrono to test it just in case.
/r/scholarships is a good resource.
/r/scholarships
This seems more like a homework question than an actual construction question.
Work smarter, not harder!
Frogs don't live in the ocean...
I'm pretty sure he's an incel.
They just need to make Flynn's Arcade permanent...
You'd have to isolate and identify where the rattling is coming from. The bars themselves won't rattle if you have them secured tightly. I have a Yakima Skybox, and even though I have those clamps tightened there's still a little play. So I use some of that waffle-like rubber shelf liner wrapped around the aerobar where each of the clamps go to make a more secure attachment, plus it reduces vibration slightly.
Does the movie play in a web browser? Because the Visio app is pretty much web based.
Ask /r/bikewrench about what's wrong and how to fix it maybe?
That area that we generally call the Middle East (excluding Egypt and Libya) is also known as Asia Minor.
*predate
Finished, as in graduated?
Truck nuts. Rolling coal. Harvest crusade bumper stickers.
There's often a lead time between application and approval. You can't be too early to do research. ☺️
Basically it creates vibration out of the motor rotation.
/r/gofundme and /r/charity are removes by mods or the spam filter, not deletes by OP, if that makes a difference.
This crosses all cultures...
What if it was pizza-related?
Holy crap, Youtube's autotranslate is terrible...
If your dad really wants you there, he should be helping you pay for it.
If you have a 3d printer yourself, you could offer to print stuff for people online or work for a printing service if there's one in your area.
Removed per OP request.
Removed per OP request.
Because a purpose built gaming rig seems overkill for the stupid games.
You should submit the terrible photo anyway.
Gotcha! Thanks!
Saw that this was removed. Not sure why, as the action isn't listed in the moderation log. I've gone ahead and approved this.
I don't think most people run Kodi in the DMZ of their router.
So did you get the sub?
You have to wait 90 days before requesting after receiving a pizza. Also, you're lucky we didn't notice the super late thanks post. Normally we'd ban people if they don't post a thanks within 24-48 hours.
Tweet dick pics at North Korea and Iran. Maybe Russia too.
Left 4 Dead is great because you're also being supported by bots.
You could upload to Imgur, then include the link to it.
You might get more interest if you were to link the book. Requests for money are not allowed.
"Ka-chow!"
There are some that are HDMI connected and use USB for the touch input.
Well, there's the possibility that someone out there has this book and doesn't need it. So at least a mention of the title and edition would be helpful. ISBN number too, if you have that.
A quick search of Amazon for "hdmi usb touch screen" comes up with several results.
$confirm
Food_Pantry isn't for that kind of food delivery. It's meant for getting stuff you can make at home. Please put together a list of food items into an Amazon wish list for people to send to you, and make a new post linking to it. Also if you want something to eat tonight, post to /r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza.
Whatever they can't take by plane will need to be shipped. If it just fits in boxes, you could have them mailed or sent UPS or something. The pets will need to be checked in as baggage in crates, and whatever else as a carry-on.
When you're at In-N-Out at midnight, it's really nice to have the option.
So were you able to do that? A picture is a necessary part of the thanks post.
You don't meet the account requirements.
The best time is before the old one dies and spoils all your food.
Have you tried your luck with /r/techsupport yet?
Also check out /r/food_pantry. Share an Amazon wishlist of non-perishable foods for people to gift you.
&gt; I'm not a grill. I think most people aren't grills either.
Girl parts
Any of the Bridget Jones movies.
Gas
We have a 90 day activity rule that you don't meet. &gt; Have regular and productive reddit participation in the past 90 days (requesting, entering giveaways, self-promotion, low effort comments etc does not count)
/u/Molly_B and I both also mod /r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza. The reason that post got pulled was due to the sub's 90 day activity rule. ~~I hope this doesn't mean that everyone who doesn't qualify in that sub starts to come here. But for now, I'll leave this up.~~ Nevermind. Looks like we're pulling posts for people requesting pizza here.
$confirm OP can't follow instructions.. :-/
The actions covered up were unethical, but not illegal though. Does that make a difference?
But the BananaPi Pro still has something most SBCs don't: Actual SATA.
That cycle has always been like that though. Why didn't you leave sooner?
You're going to eventually get a lot of pissed off customers though...
You may want to post this to /r/Insurance as well.
$closed
Did you get a picture of the pizza?
Did you get a picture of the pizza?
$fulfilled by /u/kenzie31801 with $1000000000000 gift card
$fulfilled by /u/malleablebeing $12 carryout pizza
$closed
$closed
Didn't you get a pizza about 2 months ago?
$confirm
You've received 2 pizzas already. You must give before making another request.
OP received pizza only 2 months ago already. And failed to make a thanks post.
Exactly how does someone prove they're missing money? I mean, you can't logically prove a negative.
Just so you know, your posts and comments are automatically being removed because you run afoul of this rule: &gt;Have regular and productive reddit participation in the past 90 days (requesting, entering giveaways, self-promotion, low effort comments etc does not count) According to your public overview, your last activity (post/comment) was more than 2 years ago.
You're showing -100 comment karma. Likely, it's more negative than that because Reddit hides the actual at that point. That's probably the issue, because you're not shadowbanned. Just extremely unpopular, I guess.
Edit: Nevermind. I skipped over "VPN *HOST*", not client. ~~Here are instructions on how to set up a PI for that. Basically, you'd be making the PI the gateway for your network.~~ ~~https://www.novaspirit.com/2017/06/22/raspberry-pi-vpn-router-w-pia/~~ ~~These instructions worked for my Solid-Run Hummingboard and BananaPi Pro as well, but not for my Tinkerboard. I was trying out those three SBCs because they support GbE.~~ ~~While a RasPi is probably adequate, the Ethernet and USB share the same bus which reduces performance. Also, the Solid-Run Hummingboard suffers a similar issue doing only a max of 450Mb instead of 1Gb.~~ ~~So once you have your VPN gateway set up as the edge device, your Pi-Hole would be next and would be configured to use the VPN gateway as it's gateway upstream, and then doling out DHCP settings to the downstream devices instead of the way you have it drawn.~~
What happens when the value of the collateral is worth less than the loan? What rights does a lender have in that case? Because if this drags on, depreciation on the phone may make it worthless.
Technically, being a Christian doesn't make anyone a more moral person. If that were the case, they wouldn't be in the news so often for infidelity and pedophilia.
If you already have a sub for Netflix, you're already supporting them, for better or worse.
Percentage of prison populations.
For comparison, atheists made up 0.07% of the prison population according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons in 2013. Sure, atheists are far worse simply because they were more effective.
You only got a pizza 5 days ago. Give other people a chance by waiting 90 days please.
California is like this too.
It's not that the quality of the show went down, but they lost their audience when they went on hiatus.
Because you'd have to pretty much use the card right away to abide by our rules for the [Thanks] messages, asking specifically for a gift card is against the rules.
Removed. You must wait 7 days before posting another unfulfilled request, and wait 90 days after posting a fulfilled request or receiving pizza in an offer.
We have this account flagged as an alt of /u/moocow232 and /u/noobchooser
Well, there have been a lot of weather-related delays. Yours could just be one of those.
I didn't realize it could do that! Does the image need to have a header to distinguish that it's a 360?
We require a minimum account age of 90 days. You're only a bit more than 2 months at the moment.
Just have the drone deliver explosives. Melting an avalanche sounds like a great way to wash everything away in a flood, even if it was actually possible.
Have you tried???? :-D
Basically karma is gained whenever you leave comments or make new posts. The initial karma you get is 1 per post and 1 per comment. These can also gain or lose karma depending on how popular they are. Please note, we're looking specifically for comment karma and not combined karma. If you look at your own account overview, it should tell you what you have. If you're looking at the new overview, it only shows combined karma. You need to look up the legacy overview to see the separate values.
Everyone will always make sure to remind you how dumb you are.
That's a bit *too* random for my sub... X-D
Removed. This goes against our ban on advertising.
Negative means you gift more than get. Or in the mods' cases, it just means they're mods.
Some VPN providers take gift cards.
Apparently not.
I'll close the request.
The current account was banned about an hour ago. The alt was also autobanned for deleting a while ago.
We don't allow monetary requests here. Try /r/Assistance
Well, we also discovered another alt that was used for last month that also received stuff as well. https://www.reddit.com/r/Food_Pantry/comments/7k8qtr/request_basic_food_and_essentials_to_last_me/ I wouldn't feel so annoyed if people were simply upfront about their needs, but this person has used multiple accounts to get stuff from the same groups.
A cafe is what it says.
Does it matter either way with how it's named?
Ah.. You're right!
Talk to your co-workers, and see if they have a couch you can sleep on for a while?
Okay, you've received twice. Haven't updated the bot. And no pictures. That's quite enough.
$fulfilled by /u/Totally_Not_Jealous $20 Delivery
Weird. I don't really see anything wrong with your syntax, but keep in mind that user names are case sensitive.
$fulfilled by /u/kirstenlives
Is that why the App Center/3rd Party/All is coming up with nothing?
Neither picture link seems to work... Lol
Quite frankly, you shouldn't be making requests or taking up anyone's offer if you're unable to fulfill the requirements. The whole reason for photos is to ensure that people aren't selling off their gift cards/codes.
Yay!
While that's true, I've been banning people for doing just that.
There are always going to be people who want stuff for free, like yourself, but keeping people around who want to be appreciated and not simply taken for granted for their kindness is much more difficult. Once you abuse someone's generosity, they'll never come back to do it again. So we focus on trying to make sure that doesn't happen. It's the reason why we're not a need-based sub, and just for fun. People who think they're entitled to free pizza are the ones who really bring the place down. What are you going to do when nobody wants to give any more?
As a mod, I'm the gatekeeper. My job is to specifically make sure rules are maintained in order so that the givers don't have to be the bad guys. :)
Why does Zero Two remind me of Dagashi's Hotoru?
Technically, you may only request pizzas not codes or gift cards. How the benefactor chooses to fulfill your request is up to them.
/r/mamaneedsstarbucks received pizza only 17 days ago. She needs to wait 90 days after receiving a pizza before requesting again. https://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/comments/7pjx63/thanks_my_daughters_birthday_is_much_better/
Seems like a sub-specific bot for /r/garlicoin
It looks a lot like a powered glider...
https://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/wiki/howto_verification
You have to reply to the bot's comment.
Please either attach a picture to this post or contact the mods for photo assistance within 24 hours or you may be subject to a ban.
This falls under our general advertising ban, and has been removed.
Please attach a photo as required within 24 hours. https://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/wiki/howto_verification
Did you click on the link in the comment?
Thanks for the pic! :)
The goal was/is to extend the trail to San Bernardino for a total of 27 miles, actually.
Not sure where the malicious compliance is in this one though. It's not as if the driver was told to park there.
My experience was from about 10 years ago. I'm glad things have changed. :)
Since it's only USB 2.1, your network connection is going to be slow even using AC 5GHz.
Please be sure to include a picture of the pizza received as required in the link here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza/wiki/howto_verification
I used to work directly for number 250 on the Forbes 500 richest list. They got rich by founding one of the biggest chipset makers for wireless.
Your heart.
There better be a single player campaign.
Don't forget to include a photo within 24 hours, please! &gt; Edit or comment with a verification photo if you didn't include one already. The purpose is to know that nothing fishy went down (like a recipient selling/trading a gift card, or someone building fake history to score pizza later)
Awesome! Thanks!
$fullfilled by /u/VSO6
