Wrong on so many levels. Sure, create an economic incentive so a market is held afloat, yadda yadda... but these are coral dwelling fish. You have to actually dive to catch or snag them on a barb. That kind of activity is dangerous to the coral area, possibly as much of the lionfish is itself. It's replacing one top predator with another, because those diving spear fisherman certainly dont' stop with lion fish. Also, it's probably not going to reduce the population, once the fish has a foot hold in an area.... it's nearly impossible to remove them.
Yeah, there is always some place more expensive.
I'm sure somebody has already mentioned this, but check out the IRS tax brackets. I'm not even sure what I'm about to write is true and honest, it could be a myth for all I know. However, from my past personal experience (read uninformed assumptions) I had accepted a higher paying job at another place that was wonderful. But it seemed I was actually earning less money. I was not sure how that could be at the time. It seemed I was paying more in tax, and perhaps in my insurance program (slightly). Indeed, I had transitioned into a higher tax bracket and the amount of more money I was earning was cancelled out by the increase in tax. Again, this might be complete BS, but it's something that I remember happening at the time, but other factors like inflation and whatever also cause the cost of living to increase. So it could be I was just spending more on everyday minor things, and only noticed after changing jobs. Anyways, that is also a good point. Take into account the rate of inflation and whatever cost-of-living metrics migth be available for your area. Cost of living is variable that seems different for people in different places, so look into that. Anyway, try to findout the difference in the cost of living when you started that existing cube surfing job, and then project what you need to improve or sustain what you had when you started there. Also combine that with the federal tax bracket stuff. After that, you can factor in thing like insurance, and you can get a rough idea of what your monthly take-home would be. It's a hard problem, and frankly most people just take the leap without calculations and see how things play out afterward.
I've got ITIL foundation, and it's great! I'd say it was more a philosophical cert than anything else, and it worked for me. It changed my mind on how to do things, and formed me into a better tech worker.
I used to do that, but it doesn't work. The problem seems to be that the Synology Operating System lives on or otherwise depends on... the storage volume instead of of to the side in separate storage (E.G. nvram, emmc, etc). So anytime the OS has to log an event, such as NTP, or dynamic DNS, or whatever other conveniences... it has to spin up the storage. Hopefully future devices separate the storage from the OS completely.
I always name my bash scripts: script.bash. Always name my ksh scripts: script.ksh And if there is ever any ambiguity, I've seen people even puth shell versioning info in the file name. * script.bash4 * script.ksh93 And only the posixly compliant scripts, which is a brain damaged standard IMHO, would ever be named .sh Do you really shell script to the posix standard? IF not, stop calling your scripts .sh
That number is impressive! Good for them! Achieving such a great amount of wealth is admirable. Especially via legal ways, regardless if the legality is morally aligned with the spirit of the law, or even if the spirit of the law is deluded in this day and age of multinational corporations. Tax havens are pretty cool things, and my only wish is they were more accessible to average citizens. After all it's practically our civic duty to pay the least amount of tax legally possible in whatever locality. I don't complain about other people doing a great job on their yearly tax filing, maximizing their tax returns, just the same as I don't criticize corporations for effectively doing the same thing. There is the issues of wealth inequality, which is a worthy issue that merits discussion. However it's difficult when people polarize on the issues, because the extreme polar ends of each position is too radical, and always the rational middle ground is left empty. Presently the problem is not solvable, at least not in an acceptable way. Multinational corporations always have the threat to pull their roots and HQ elsewhere. It's a gambit that keeps the government in check, raise taxes too much and POOF they're gone, and their tax revenues go with them. Similar to large multinational banks. The banks are too big to fail, and that is sustained because if we force the banks smaller, well there is always another multinational big bank principally based in another place that does not have to reduce size, and will then dominate the market. It's all classic game theory.
Yeah, there are also lightning deals on stolen canon lens from that lens shop the other day. (joking)
yep, I could. That, or an eMMC. Which is basically the same thing as an SD card except soldered onto the pcb and slightly faster. I'm pretty sure there is some off to the side nvram for storing factory reset data. That way the system can be recovered if all the drivers are pulled and replaced, etc. But it mostly does initial setup, and lays down the OS on the storage volume.
&gt; but I keep at it because I believe I'd be alone for a long time without her and am, frankly, afraid of that. It doesn't help that she's also told me much the same.. that I would be alone without her. That raised a red flag for me. I'd let her know in no uncertain terms that she is replaceable. If she really loves you, then she would let you go peacefully. The money is not an issues in this discussion, and you should tell her to continue working and supporting herself.
great!
&gt; DHCPv6 also wasn't an afterthought for IPv6 or a hold over from IPv4. Yes it was. Don't try to re-write history to align your bias or prejudices.
&gt; The thing is a few times my mother has tried to access my bank account or make passes at me like I owe her for raising me and putting a roof over my head etc. etc. That is a huge red flag. Here is the thing, you are going down the road of being secretive, and that is not a wise move. However, if still depend on your mother and/or father for anything... shelter, food, tuition, bail money, just whatever.... then you could perhaps justify being secretive. The first thing is to get a PO box for your mail, or even a commercial main-drop (ups store, etc). Then setup new bank accounts pointing to the personal mail box. Nobody is ever going to see any paper statements, or bulk advertising, or whatever might be sent by the banks or their agents. This is the critical first step. So when you setup a bank account, get one of the online accounts, and setup paperless statements. Now that mail-drop should in theory be mostly empty, which is a good thing. Because even if somebody attempted to change your address, your statements are safe. Change all your online passwords, and do it immediately. This is a tough suggestion, but it seems you are in an environment where some of your family might have no problem using your account and passwords. Simply change them ALL, and make them all be different from one another. The best advice here is to use a password management app. They usually have strong encryption, and a master password to protect all the rest. Setup new email addresses, but keep your main email. Just setup new email address on any of the free services. Have your banks use these new emails for any online corospondance. When you check these alternate emails, be very careful not to leave any traces. Don't let your browser cache the login details. You don't want a situation where somebody snooping yoru computer might stumble upon the strange lookign login details. For that matter, dont' let anybody use yoru computer, or cell phone, EVER! Those are your personal things. But if that is an issue... then if you do all the above, your devices should look clean to anybody snooping, though that shit should be discouraged as a matter of default policy. If you ever are in a position to loan somebody a bit of money, always always assume the money is gone forever once you hand it over. So always have in your wallet just enough money that you're fine to lose. When you do give money, always make a huge deal of it, be dramatic, and persistent about pay back. Always remind the people you loan that they owe you. This feed-=back loop will reinforce your resolve to be paid back, and it discourages repeated loan requests because it's such a huge drama to deal with you. If anybody ever fails to pay back, then simply stop communicating with that person, and possibly get revenge. I would also advise you to take collateral for any loan, but remember you only ever loan small amounts... but take expensive items for collateral. Let it be known you will pawn that shit. Always get this kind of thing in writing, collateral or not.... take receipts and make petty contracts. But the best thing of all is not to loan any money, I just want to convey the wrong ways and the right ways to make personal loans. You are not made of money, and you should never flaunt your relative wealth. But the problem is you will soon be held back by these people, and you need to move on. I know some of them are family and I'm guessing some friends too. You really shouldn't have to hide anything. And you shouldn't have to feel guilty for having some small measure of success. It is what it is, and that's a fact, so it goes.
That is not even close to being all of the bars or restaurants. Looks like the first page of many
Great stuff, thanks!
unless bob1 was using screen, and root took control of that session.
My understanding is the baby males are taken away to become veal, as they add little productivity to the farm, and would suck away valuable milk while their sale is a profit. The baby females are kept on the farm to eventually become productive, so those cows with female babies are allowed to feed. So it's more of a 50/50 split.
Yeah, it's really based on acyclic graphs theory, which have very graduated set of maths describing them. Once it was boiled down to a math problem it was easy to optimize. Also to be clear, git uses hashes (non-indexed data structures), and hashes of files (checksums). The beauty of acyclic graphs is they can only go forward or back, so perfect for complex sets to rev forward or back in time.
VMware works on Fedora, but the agents might need an update for 23. I'd say go with KVM or XEN instead so you have the 100% free/open virtualization solution that is just as good (if not better). 4k is really intensive on the current generation of GPU's, so you would need at least two of whatever GPU you're into. Currently Nvidia has good proprietary and open drivers for you to choose, but I'd urge you to go with the open drivers, they work very well. Yes, of course you can do raid-1 mirroring, the setup program will guide your through the setup. Fedora is a very up-to-date distro, things happen in Fedora first, and updates are by an objective measure happening very soon after upstream release. That said, the distro is very stable because of a good set of policies for packagers.
I've heard this is material from the lens barrel coming off inside. So a defect worthy of an exchange. Any new lens should be 100% perfect.
That would be raid 15, which is silly. Raid 10 would be faster without parity bits.
A script I wrote to do exactly this, but it also permutated the MAC addr, so good luck... If the badguy is using my script the mac addr is meaningless. Better to get on the switch and trace the ports leading to dhcp server, and then find out which is the source port.
I dunno... kinda split on this issue. On the one hand it's basic human decency to provide bathroom breaks at any time during work. But.... paying for that time seems unfair to the employer.... I say that because I've had to wait to use a toilet 15 or 20 minutes as to two available in my work place were taken by two individuals who were seen leaving the toilet stall with their tablets. Basically sitting on the shitter, reading the internet, having a break. So just pointing out that this system is gamed by morally deficient people. But putting that aside, telemarketing companies operate by login/logout of the phone.... a timer in the phone is the clock-in/out mechanism. So as the employee is login, and in the ready state... they are paid. So when you step away from the desk, you sign out... So it makes perfect sense to not pay for those times away from the desk. So long as the employee can do that at any time, at will, for any reasons..... bathroom or not. That seems perfectly fair, and I personally feel the labor dept is wrong in their rules. But it's not too bad, the telemarketing industry will simply invent a new phone status of bathroom-break instead of singout.
bingo
The HP chromebook with TEgra K1 has been discontinued, so you might find it for a good price. The howto wiki I wrote to get FEdora working should work the same for that laptop, so long as the right DTB for tegra124-nyan-blaze is used.
Gnome developers work on the Fedora implementation, and apparently they like the theme we have. PErsonally, I don't dislike the default at all, and quite frankly the ability to install other themes is available for anybody who wishes something different.
No, You were correct... "Right to Work" might sound strange to folks in those states, because they are low on oppressive union. Of course you have the right to work, or not work... it's your choice, not your Union's choice.
The repo meta data is signed every time the repo is changed. EVERY TIME! To expand on thei meta data, we are talking about xml files that have the sha256sum of every package in the repo. We don't want those files to be hacked, no altering the sha256sum information to something incorrect. So it's imperative we sign the metadata! I'm not sure I understand all the other bullet points. But Regarding the last one, the mirrors. We have the master copy of the repo which is ONLY made available to the top tier or mirrors with they very fast internet connection. Fedora does make a repo available to the public, but we have an arbitrarily slow connection speed there on purpose to encourage folks to use a mirror. So then there is a 2nd tier of mirrors, they also have very fast internet connections. but they don't get the distribution early like the top tier mirrors get. When a new release happens, we let the 1st top tier mirrors get the bits ahead of schedule, we use something called bit flipping to make sure nobody gets the bits. Once the flood gates open the other mirrors down the way get their copies quickly, and then the users.
This has nothing to do with Linux.
Not within ChromeOS. Fedora runs directly on the hardware. Hi, I wrote that wiki page. Thanks.
Yeah, we have a big mass rebuild thanks to the new GCC6 being added to the distro. A mass rebuild is nice though.
yeah, I was planning to use stainless wirebrush actually. Or maybe those fancy layered padded diamond pads. for sure not a standard grinding wheel. I'm hoping to get the Lodge pan rehabilitated
use play store to install Prey. Then see if you can somehow get that to work. I'm pretty sure Prey can unlock a device remotely.
I've talked to people about it, and was told nspawn was really just a test harness for systemd testing of things, but it was useful so it stayed round. This is highly paraphrased, so grains of salt or even totally wrong.
No I don't get this. ChromeOS is software, Chromebook is hardware. Fedora certainly does not run in ChromeOS, however there is context here... because Crouton, a Ubuntu spin, does indeed run from within ChromeOS (a fulyl graphical chroot inside a chrome browser tab). So I definitely get it, but I'm not sure you're fully informed. Hopefully this helps you get the implication or entailment.
Huh?
I'm afraid your so-called point is a bit ambiguous. You certainly went off on your perceived relationship of software versus hardware naming schemes. If your point was about something else, then perhaps you should have ranted about that instead.
What does this leave in terms of legal purchase &amp; ownership? In what circumstances would a ~~gun~~ riffle be able to legally have a detachable magazine? Lever action repeaters, and/or bolt action?
From what I hear, this place promotes legal gun ownership and stuff like that... comments like that just fuel the rhetoric of those who seek to repress legal gun owners.
Actually I read a statistic that claims there are more people from California now living in Austin that Texans. I have no idea if that is true or not, but I wouldn't be surprised if it were actually true, or even slightly inacurate....
&gt; A proposed bill in New York aims to require that all smartphones sold in the state can be decrypted or unlocked by law enforcement. The bill, currently in the senate's committee stage, must pass through both New York's state senate and assembly in order to become law. The first paragraph of that website posed in OP is totally wrong! The law does not require that law enforcement be able to decrypt a smart phone. The law is all about the smartphone manufacture, or OS provider, being able to decrypt the smartphone at the precise moment of sale or lease. Also the law seems to require manufactures or OS providers to tell consumers that encrypting the smart phone is a violation of terms and conditions (this is probably unconstitutional, because it amounts to compelled speech). There is no language in the proposed law that has anything to do with law enforcement issues. The law itself is structured under the premise of consumer protection, which is strange, because ironically weakening end-to-end encryption hurts consumers. The only language in the proposed law that has any dealing with law enforcement is related to who exclusively can enforce the proposed law if it should take effect, and that is state and local prosecutors. Although the implication seems clear enough, just wanted to clear this gross miss-characterization of the proposed law.
Good on you for sharing the lead, even though you didn't take it.
So apparently open carry has always been legal, so long as justifiable... I've seen a guy walk into a bank with bags of money, openly holster his hand gun. He was not any kind of armored vehicle driver, just a cowboy type looking guy. Nobody panicked, he made his deposit of a large sum, and left. I asked my teller about that, she said it's common actually for people who carry over 10k cash, some exemption in the law.
I was coming here to say exactly this, thanks! Actually disagree with the federal laws on discrimination, because they violate one of the founding rights of America which was the freedom of association. But I get it, if we have unregulated free association, we have the kind of discrimination that we don't see today... the truly repressive kind. Oh well.
So I've installed Fedora on a Asus gaming laptop, it worked just fine. I have seen some laptops recently with inoperable touchpads, but those were fixed in a recent 4.4 kernel.
Agreed. Lets not let software snobs ruin computer research.
So the unetboot part seems legitimate, but I thought Android was a free license, meaning people are free to take and modify without posting sources? There might be an attribution clause, but not anything about sources.
The terms of the GPL2 do not mandate the sources have to accompany the binary, or that they go together in the same way. The sources for unetboot could be provided on punch cards distributed via fax machines. Yes some people have tried doing that kind of thing before, jerks. Anyhow... Android is not under the GPL, save for things like the Linux kernel.
It's available in rawhide, or you can build a mainline kernel. I'll ask around internally to see who is using that laptop. I know a few folks in the project using that one because it has a lot of memory (good for VMs). I suspect the touchpad thing might have been fixed in a recent 4.3 kernel (back ported).
Hi /u/jasonMSN Does Azure have any future plans to host Aarch64/32 guests?
I agree with you, I'd rather have mandatory vaccination, and that is the end-goal I want to see in my lifetime. I think Texas can follow California in enacting tough rules from people who refuse to vaccinate. Basically no public school, or state accredited day-care facility can accept non-vaccinated children. It's very similar to what I proposed above. But you're correct in observing how the non-vaccinated are present in society, and there is nothing that can be done about that. But wrong about mandatory vaccinations, that cannot be forced either... people can go totally off the grid and avoid vaccinations if they choose. I doubt it will ever come down to sheriffs serving non-vaccination warrants to parents, I don't want to live in a place like that. For now I'd rather allow people to not vaccinate, but that would have more disincentives that weight against their conscience objections. Refusing to vaccinate would be a scarlet letter of the modern age.
Yeah, hopefully.
Weird. Why not portion out reasonable sized pieces of ham placed in freezer bags, then unfreeze them one at a time? Would improve quality, and food safety. Kinda no brainer really.
Depends on your opinion of "Free" and the bootloader.
Seems weird to install any app that is so into app permissions as the facebook app. I never did install it because I was so scared about it lookign at my address book. That is one thing I would like to avoid any app getting access.
So Googling around I found an [FDA page that lists a few emulsifying agents](http://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfcfr/CFRSearch.cfm?fr=133.179) &gt; (e) The emulsifying agents prescribed in paragraph (a) of this section are one or any mixture of two or more of the following: Monosodium phosphate, disodium phosphate, dipotassium phosphate, trisodium phosphate, sodium metaphosphate (sodium hexametaphosphate), sodium acid pyrophosphate, tetrasodium pyrophosphate, sodium aluminum phosphate, sodium citrate, potassium citrate, calcium citrate, sodium tartrate, and sodium potassium tartrate, in such quantity that the weight of the solids of such emulsifying agent is not more than 3 percent of the weight of the pasteurized process cheese spread. Has anybody here worked with any of those, and can contrast/compare the results of them? (I dont' think all of them are relevant to sauce making)
They use kernelci lately. Most of the higher maintainers have a beefy box they use to build/test every single staged push request. Automation then looks over those build logs for build warnings, and of course any build errors. IT would be unwise to dispatch a pull request to the Linus tree with obvious warnings or build failures. He does occasional audit the pulls from his top maintainers, who are supposed to be doing their part to audit the code given to them, which is a mad-house of nauseating mail-list patch reviews.
I wonder if there is any kinda of content protection scheme having false positive in the HDCP bitstream..... What kind of display are you using?
So I applaud your sensitivity to the roommate, however.... It's entirely reasonable to cook food in the kitchen, and unless your cooking is very intensely aromatic of exotic or unusual spices... then you're not being unreasonable. So it's not really about your cooking. Sometimes young people are not used to living with others not part of their own family, and have boundary issues they express in really passive aggressive ways. It can be very petty sometimes, including: one roommate eat another's private food stock from pantry/refrigerator, leaving a mess in kitchen or common areas, music/noise levels, unwanted guests, etc... You have to be accommodating, and expect a certain level of reasonable accommodation yourself. The first thing is you need to make sure your are being an excellent roommate, by respecting the other roommate, but this all falls into reasonable things and does require effort. Make sure you clean after yourself, that you are not loud or disruptive in the mornings or evenings, and that you don't the other roommates food without permission. If you are an excellent roommate then you stand on the high ground, and when you do reasonable things that receive a complaint... you can simply say "I'm sorry you feel that way".
it would become shitty as soon as one attempts cutting the cake. Would require laserbeems to cut properly.
hehe... I don't know about you but Mac'n'Gouda sounds really interesting. Id' eat it.
Thanks, I've removed this post. Clearly vote manipulating.
Fake, so not actually WTF... just makes me say "fake".
See rule #10 (removed)
I always carry bear spray when I ride, for ... you know... bear attacks..... wink, nudge, nod... The spray goes straight some 20 or 30 feet ... perfect for going in ~~somebody's open window~~ a bear's face, from far away.
See rule #5
This is not Linux related, not even tangentially.
See rule #1
See rule #1
If you have some negative perception to a word that correctly describes what is technically happening, and imply that it' usage in speech is some kind of mementic insult, as if it's not being correctly applied... Well... that is you in isolation. Call it whatever else you want, but it's a mandantory chain of trust based on x509 certs, and it prevents Fedora packages that bring extensions. There are ways we might be able to cope with the problem, but it would involve exposing signing keys in the Fedora build root, and that is really ugly. We talked about it today in the weekly fedora-releng meeting. Still pondering our way forward.
The tweek tool app is the way to configure session startup apps in Gnome. If you have something starting by other means, well... you have to close that hole yourself, as it's obviously not a standard config.
See rule #1
How is this even remotely Linux related? (removed)
Civil debts? Where did the OP ever mention that? I read about bench warrants, and other criminal warrants... but did not see any civil debt? Did you infer something that specifically written?
Yeah, but if he was still being a jerk about it... Id' have called the cops too, what else is there to do... but you're right. The article made seem that she went straight for the nuclear option, which only escalated the issue.
There are churches all over town, you cannot walk a mile without running into some church. Go to any one of them, I'm sure they will not refuse your money..... err... donations.
Yeah, and what is interesting is the context of the worst case is actually good, because Texas is in the process of resetting the way it measures performance, to something higher/harder. So if prior years were ranked very highly, then we change our own reporting standards... well of course the new bad rank was last years great rank. Context really matters.
That is probably part of it. Another aspect is genuinely safety related. But honestly it's more about protecting from law suites. For example, If a user enhances his vehicle software, then goes on to cause a fatal accident... the automaker could be sued for allowing the users to make dangerous programming changes. So, following that line of reasoning, the only way to openup the software would be to have street legal software. Meaning the automakers would have to pass rigorous software safety standards, like we have crash tests today, and a safety certification would be issues for any given release of the software. Naturally mechanics could enhance the software, but would have to pass the rigorous safety certification process to install into a street legal vehicle. This is probably the worst case scenario, and actually what will more likely happen is a bit of field serviceable things in software, changing parameters, etc... like we have today.
Interesting, but sadly my brain instantly thought about the recent Microsoft/Redhat deal where the official C# implementation would be ported to Linux for cloud stuff.
No, that's not what I wrote, and did not remotely suggest or imply that. The child has nothing to do with anything here, it's between the mother and father. The mother owns the phone, and delegated the device to her child. So from the mother's perspective the phone is stolen. That is a situation for the police. and that is what I would have done if I were the mother. From that perspective that it's insane the father prevailed in criminal court, but other circumstances we considered and apparently were relevant enough to weight the judge or jury's decision.
nope.
Or like that time people said "fuck Digg" ??
Not sure the current employer can compel a departing employee to disclose the next employer, if any.
Do whatever it takes to survive. You're living check to check now, so make the money last. Apply for food stamps right away. Be completely transparent with your friend family regarding your income, and give the whatever they feel is fair to them. You completely depend on these people, so make sure to be excellent to them, and around them. Start saving money right away with next pay check. Get your mail forwarded to new address, and consider renting a mail box at the post office. Get a free checking account.
My favorite part is the starship looks very similar to a Gabriel's trumpet. That is an interesting shape that is finite and yet not, it has a needle that goes asymptotically to zero but not quite ever getting there, so paradoxically finite surface, infinite volume. Anyways, it's subtle little things like that which make SG Atlantis really great.
This was heavily reported, and removed for rule violation. Just wanted to say thanks /r/programming readers, your reports are valuable.
&gt; ~Went meatless. Look it's not that hard. It is so much less expensive.... Look, this is /r/PeresonalFinance and not /r/rant_about_veganism, and to be quite frank this is why nobody likes vegans except other vegans. We here are interested about how to save money, and you said that on the first breath. Nothing more was required, or desired. Your opinion on nutrition is irrelevant to the point you are making about not eating meat saves money. BTW - Thank you for the tips. I especially appreciate how you call around to lower your debt obligations by simply asking.
Uh... I guess that might be a thing, but it's still weird. I mean, green soy beans (edamame) have more protein than steak. Doesn't everyone know that!
This is why we need to setup a V6 tunnel brokerage between folks with native V6 and those without. A short of onion router that does the V6 tunneling. But the ideas has a lot of challenging problems, such as bandwidth, and security. In my mind it would only work for folks in the same region, to comply with Netflix rules, but really it could end up being a huge distributed V6 VPN. The idea is most to take away the idea of blocking by V6 prefix, least Netflix block all V6
You should know the admin account, you presumably setup this device. You will lose data if you reset. Consider using your own network equipment instead to replicate your old env.
I'd rather read an actual news paper, and by that I mean real paper not the website. At least those ads I can gloss over, ignore or enjoy, and not be tracked across the internet via cookies. But then again, probably better to go elsewhere and not contribute to this type of thinking.
Hi /u/loganabbott Thanks for taking steps to restore Source Forge to something credible. At some point I seem to remember a lot of projects moving off SF as the "upstream" to somewhere else. Now Github is the popular upstream, and SF might still have a mirrored repo. What ideas do you have to invert that situation and have new projects land on SourceForge?
This is a problem with sci-fi in general. Firstly the world of sci-fi is broadly defined as many different things to different types of people. We got the Space opera types, the space marine types, the fantasy types, the cerebral types, retro steam machine types, alien invasion types, and it just goes on and on.... I'd say Dark Matter is a spaceship opera. So the same category as Trek, Firefly, Lexx, Battle Star Galactica, etc... As far as ratings go, I'd put it on par with Firefly, and that is a high mark. Well see how it goes, and I'm hopeful because unlike Firefly Dark Matter won a second season. That said one of the reasons FireFly is so good is it went out on top with only one season, it's a paradox of sorts.
Well firstly, you need to be polite but firm with your management staff. When this kind of thing happens, you must call it out, and politely request compensation or reasonable explanation. You might want to get in the habit of signing and dating your time sheets, then making photo copies, or snapping a picture with your phone. This sends a subtle message to managers your keeping records. The bottom line is you did the work, you have a wage, so you should expect to be paid for time served. IF you were working a contract that goes by some other terms, then that is different.
oh yeah, like selinux.... lol
Whoa, that is a much better picture all around, thanks! Those bulbs look really cool, are they the vintage style bulbs you can pay a little extra? I've seen something like those at my area big box home store, and always wanted to try them. Looks like a nice warm light, but does it throw off a harsh shadows or anything bean into your eyes, and do they dim?
Awesome! Can you make a video of this thing in action?
If a gym membership can be strongly correlated to persons with lower risk of healthcare expense, then sure... it's worth looking into.
I'm always amused by news about some Broadway musical. These things are nice to know about, but they are pretty much irrelevant to anybody outside of NY. Not being a hater, just saying... and good for them for being so successful, had to throw that in there.
https://www.sixflags.com/hurricaneharborla/store/tube-rentals
https://www.sixflags.com/hurricaneharborla/store/tube-rentals
Huh... last time I tried that program it was not very good, but it seems decent now
You're welcome, and I'm really glad it was not the IPv6. I think there is a setting some place to control the journal database size, so that it rotates/archives more or less aggressively. Good luck!
I have a question, why doesn't the space station make the cargo pods modular, and build out an ever grown branch of cargo pods to enlarge the station? It seems to me it would just be a few 6-way couplers, and perhaps some neck segments to space the couplers apart on two sides to make it happen. The couplers could be sent up with every cargo mission, and the neck segments too on alternating missions.
Um... I guess you could go into research in some related field. NLP is pretty hot right now, and that does not exactly have to involve doing code.
Stay classy Germany. Thinly veiled nationalism, slightly more overt religious supremacy &amp; bigotry, with a dash of racism. Or at least that is how it appears to me, especially given the context that it was an all womens/girls water exercise class. As if that matters at all, or perhaps the burqini would be permissible in the presence of men which only exposes the moral relativism of the German officials. To me this is like banning a particular hair style, or like banning leather jackets.... so long as the hair style is predominant of a minority group
Just go into the boot menu, and select the factory reset options, or wipe the device from there.
Both your proposed options sounds really idealistic. Before I go any farther with my suggestion, see this recent video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVEuPmVAb8o Now that you've watched and absorbed that message.... It sounds like you have a passion for music, but that didn't work out, and you've identified that. Good start! Don't give up on music, it can be a fine hobby, and who knows you might make some decent material when your not under pressure to do so. Anyways, you should exit the tattoo artist thing gracefully, finish any appointments, and move forward. That is a fine profession, and you can maybe do some tattoo stuff while pursuing your studies, but don't let that lifestyle distract you, and you know what I'm talking about! I'd say you might just close the chapter completely; Move to a new city, start school with a modest workload you can handle, live as frugally as you can handle but not too much, and most of all you won't be distracted by those people you leave behind. I'll be frank with you, the reason I suggest you move is because of your windfall inheritance is like winning the lottery, and sometimes it's better to just not let anybody know, and for you I think you might consider riding off into the sunset. Your young enough to do it, you have the means to support yourself, so get out of that scene your in. Keep long distance touch with some of the better friends, and maybe come back to visit one in a while, but move your home base far away, out of state preferably. BTW - you you already had some school, or experience running a business, I'd say go for that... but you don't, and most new business fail. We don't want you to fail, so go to school, save as much money as you can.... invest the money you won't need, like 400k can go into a mix of investment vehicles, you live on the remaining 100k, and work on the side.
I think Microsoft is tired of feeding Steam, and their own App store is a joke, or so I'm told. (I'm a Linux PC user &amp; Sony console gamer) This is yet another reason Valve needs to push their SteamOS hard on OEM's and hardware vendors. If they can produce a laptop that does games, and incidentally does productivity apps or whatever a young person would need for school.... they could own! And, that would be ironic considering the founder of Valve is left Microsoft employment to start Valve.
What is your setup for moving the camera during the times lapse? I'm trying to get into doing that myself, and I'm going with a DIY stepper motor on a piece of extruded aluminum track. Your camera motions are so tangential, and I want to get a clue how your setup those shots. I mostly only do time lapse, and I really respect your work. Keep going, amazing!
I guess different strokes for different folks. I know people who are very active on Linkedin, and I've never ever understood the appeal. Always chalk it up to something I simply don't get, but 25 Billion seems ludicrous.
I'm somewhat skeptical, yet cautiously optimistic. Food scientists have been going two different directions on grains, mostly in the direction oh high yield grains, but there has always been the folks cultivating for nutritional value. So I'm a bit skeptical that bakers are suddenly driving innovation in grain science. They might be pushing the industry towards this topic, but they are certainly not innovating. But anyways, milling grain closer to the consumers is totally awesome! I've always wanted to build my own DIY grain mill, they are not that hard really. And yeah, one would always have to adapt the recipe because this is not industrial baking anymore.
That is pretty cool. The kind I'm hoping to one day DIY build is similar to this: https://www.amazon.com/Komo-25-KOMOCLASSIC-KoMo-Classic-Grain/dp/B00GH11O7E The price is outrageous for maybe $50 in materials, and that is why people build their own.
Meh... I use Linux on my desktop, don't have these kind of issue. Sorry bro!
Pay off the car loan. It's a myth that a larger down payment helps when mortgaging a home. Of course a large down payment does help a lot, but the very best thing for a mortgage is to aggressively pay down the principle. Especially in the early part of the loan life cycle, because the more you reduce the interest, it sort of compounds (in a good way) over the rest of the loan, reducing your monthly interest, and shortening the life of the loan. So pay off the car note, and have extra cash on hand each monthly cycle that you can use toward your principle. Before you know it your extra payments will substantially catch up to what ever extra you put in the down payment, and then some!
I always get pink and purple cables. Pink because they are never get stolen, and it's a great colour for denoting certain kinds of traffic.
Well this somewhat suggests some bias or prejudice to a type of diet, and that is kinda shitty. So actually the diet I'm on has a huge cost, which is high protein with low carbohydrate. This is no FAD diet, as by now the ideas and concepts established by Dr. Atkins are accepted medical facts. Starvation diets are nice and all, if your into suffering, and they do have the nice effect of saving money due to less consumption. But they are probably less effective than low-carb diets, which cost a lot more. But regardless, I don't want to get into a spat about diet philosophy. I'd like to also mention that besides costing more for a high-protein diet, a more normal diet that is highly nutritious seems to cost more. Or rather I've always noticed that economically challenged individuals seem to have fewer healthy food choices at affordable prices. For example a Dollar menu item costs less than other healthier choices. Inexpensive frozen entries pack calories, but not very healthy, etc... So one can choose to eat less to save money, but in my opinion eating well, and striving to eat well with as little expense necessary is the key goal, and that is not always cheap.
Yes exactly, make the cost of doing business fall to the officer requesting the medical procedure. I can see charging the costs to the individual being search only if they are found guilty of a crime directly related to the medical search. So if a lady has a kilo of coke up her vag, charge her for the procedure, but anybody found innocent costs the government. It will cut down retaliation is there is a prohibitive cost.
Hehe.. if you're contemplating Gaussian topologies while eating pizza, well... you're doing it wrong.
gee, at this point everyone on my psn friend list has not login for the past year.
I went from droboFS to Synology 1813+ Switched to Synology because Drobo does not have a webui to manage the NAS, they have their desktop application that does not support Linux, and I'm a Linux user. Was even a Drobo apps developer at one point, and I like how Drobo work from that perspective. However, Drobo developer forums policies are too restrictive and moderated. Synology has more apps, and a healthy developer ecosystem. As far as ease of use goes, they are both really simpleso. for Drobo so long as you are windows or Mac user willing install their app. I will say one thing about the Synology webui has been the target of hackers and used to get a lot of people hacked who were dumb enough to have their NAS directly on the internet. Regardless i'd never go back to Drobo ever again.
I personally think having my NAS anywhere near the internet is a really bad idea, but there are so many services you can enjoy by doing so. For example, synology has a dropbox type mobile app, that only works when the synology is able to be reached over the internet. So a bunch of people did exactly that, but it exposed the synology management webui to the internet also, and so it goes... some people had their synology infected with crypto lockers, and whatever. But don't get all scared about that, those days are mostly over now, and Synology has learned how to do security. I've also heard good things about Qnap, and I'm strongly considering to get one of those next. But actually I might just go with TruNAS to get ZFS.
I'm not saying the government employee be held personally billable, but more like how any corporation handles expense reports. Make that one employee more involved and accountable for his spending choices on behalf of the government. Corporations never authorize invalid expenses, so if a retaliatory expense is unjustified then I'm all for the government employee being left with the bill. For example, a corporation might pay for travel, lodging, food, but not cigarettes, hookers, and porno movies. It's like that
Of course morality is relative. Honestly, only an idiot could ever think differently. For example, one believes stealing is wrong, but finds herself out of work, no money, hungry, starving, and decides to steal food to survive. Suddenly the morals are put aside to not go hungry. Another example is somebody who believes obeying laws is essential, yet commonly violates minor traffic laws like going any amount of speed over the speed limit, etc.
Well they do have layers of escalating procedures. For example, dogs can snif a person, and if the handler does it right the dog will alert on legitimate situations, thusly causing a legitimate search.
Bolivia needs more hay, to feed the donkeys, which labor the bails of cocaine from the fields to the port of call. .... nevermind, they do need more chickens.
I'm sorry you learned of this situation the way you did. Look, given what you wrote about HR pushing back hard on advancing your pay higher, I suspect it's time to consider other prospects. From the company point of view it's totally rational of them to push back on existing employees pay. Just accept that they look out for their own self-interests just like you do your own. Sometimes the market rate for new hires does go up, while current employees pay rate is still less, and that is sorta optimal for the employer, just accept that, it's true. Now I'm just trying to play devils advocate a bit here, but nothing is false, so that said.... you need to keep your best interests to your core, and if knowing your replacement earns more than you bothers you, well question why that is, understand your self and what makes you feel the way you do, and be rational. If it makes you feel bad, and you can say why then your best move is to stop the cause of the bad feelings. So leave, or confront the company about it, or both. There are so many jobs out there, that it's not worth it to have a company making you upset.
Yeah, I'd say let the fool have it. If you can monitor failed logins, just shuttle them off to the boss. Spew them right on out to the boss. That is totally something I would do for a boss, across the whole enterprise.
Really? Context does matter. Food ingredient disclosure label requirements are a health regulation set by the FDA, not laws... not exactly. But anyways, to compare apples to apples.... the ingredients for hardware is called the "Bill of Material", and that is much different than a schematic which you might called the recipe. But anyways, just like Apple argued it would be compelled speech to be forced to write code to unlock the iphone, being forced to publish schematics is no different (in my opinion). But the subtlety here is that source code, and machine code are legally protected forms of speech as established in a handful of Federal courts. So then are schematics also considered speech? Yes, in my opinion they are, and it's plainly obvious and reasonable.
Well you have defined you position on the topic, but have you considered the perspective of your employer? What if you were them, would you cut the hours or pay for summer work, is that even a reasonable thing to do? Assuming that there is actually less total work load, then yes.... cutting your hours might be doable, or if the total work is the same but less intensive, then a pay cut might be the option. These two scenarios seem testable, and measurable. So the rational here can easily be challenged at face value. However, it's also just as likely they simply want to get away paying you less for an arbitrary reasons, and see if that sticks.
Pro tip, shitty steel is also easily sharpened. There is certainly hardness levels in steel, but most knives don't go anywhere near the hardness of say tool grade steel. But besides that expensive blades dull about the same as shitty blades in most circumstances. Proper sharpening should be done regularly regardless of perceived blade quality, so it makes no difference to use expensive knives. There are a lot of good reasons to invest in great knives, but sharpness is not one of them. It's easily debunked given straightforward rational arguments.
So the power wall is lithium polymer type thing, so it won't last forever. Probably replace in 7 or 8 years, and that really depends on climate. The warmer, the faster they degrade. So customers will be replacing expensive batteries on their powerwall ever so often. Now pair that with renting solar panels, and related equipment. Tesla gets to have huge wholesale buying leverage, rent the panels at slightly bellow retail pricing, and ultimately get to keep them. Then consider the very long time frames in which consumers need to recoup investment in panels to begin with, and the selling point is to avoid that and just burn the money! I'm pretty sure I don't have the full picture here, but it's seeming like a scheme is starting to take shape.
good idea
And doubly fair these devices are supposed to be rapid life developer tools, so a short life seems consistent. Most avid Nexus users I know update every year, but some folks like to skip a year. These are not long live products, but still this does seem a bit ironic considering how Google treats 3rd party mobile devices, forcing them to apply updates for longer lengths of time. But again, to be fair some phones never got any updates support one they went out the door.
To be fair, it's hard to properly manage a downstream repo. For example when we do that in Fedora's EPEL for upstream RHEL packages. Sometimes things change locations, or names change. It's much simpler to just say f*ckit and have a crappy repo than to do the work.
Ah! Crumb porn!
Yeah, thanks for the report!
You win!
Thanks! But still, the different is minimal... but you have great info on the discharge cycles, so thanks again. A bunch of 18650 cells is expensive, well.. at retail cost they are, not at giga-factory costs
Well I agree with you on that, Apple is being a big giant "turd" for sure.
I think you grasp the nuance of this subject. Providing the bill of materials is one thing, a reasonable thing. Providing a schematic is another all together. This is comparable to forcing food labels to provide ingredients for consumer protection reason, but not recipes for vendor protection reasons..
We really need to start sending them with titanium wheels, or magnesium alloy, or whatever light yet sturdy material. This just makes me sad!
I think you fundamentally don't understand what first world means.
Dominic Giampaolo worked on BeFS at Be Inc, and before that XFS at SGI. He knows a thing or two about file systems. On the other hand the ZFS developer, like all of them, seem to have some kind of holier than thou attitude. Especially in terms of check-sums, which is probably ZFS's best worst feature.
There really shouldn't need to be one.
I have played through twice now. Probably going to hit it a 3rd time, but not sure. (going for trophies) I keep playing it because I actually like the game, even though I agree it's story does not exactly trump it's game play. On my 2nd play through I attempted the trophy to not set off any alerts/alarms, and I am pretty sure that happened, but didn't get the trophy, which seems to be a common problem. Anyways, its fun for me... You can level-up your avatar to suite your play style, and the game changes depending how you play.
Too bad about losing that mobile device in the process.
This is why I stopped using the playstation store entirely. Had a few online purchases early on, but so many reports of people losing their huge investment in game purchases online... it's so much better to only ever by the disc version. Who cares about online friends, or whatever, and trophies are cool. But trophies can be regained, or disregarded, ultimately it's all about playing the game.
Just sell it, and be done. The fact you even have to ask a community of gamer if you should play these great games is weird.... so you should just sell out, that is who you are.
Spot on. People respond to incentives, and I'm not sure why this reality is commonly ignored by people. I have only once heard somebody say "I'm not emotionally stable enough to have firearm in my house", and it was actually one of my ex-girlfriends. She was at least self aware of her crazy side to know that she shouldn't have firearms in the house. I totally respect that, but not everyone is self aware.
Maybe you should strace the git clone process to findout? strace -o strace.log -f -s 2048 git clone https://github.com/FireAntJoe/C.git Maybe that will show you where the slowness went. Good luck.
Oh this was pure gold!
oh cool! Well I stand corrected, thanks!
Well I'm glad it works better now, but a pity we didn't get to solve. Wonder if it was a coincidence it speed up on the strace invocation, or if somehow strace influenced the faster execution. Could only speculate it would be some library loading drama, address space randomization, audit daemon, selinux, or whatever. Your guess is as good as mine.
Wow, less than $10 on Amazon. Hehe... picked it up, and always regretted not seeing at the theater. Now I'll get to watch it in my home theater, but pity not in 3d. meh
I got it, and it's pretty ok glass
In the case of Apple they have problems with people buying a bunch of 64GB &amp; 128GB devices, then swap the memory parts, and attempt to get a refund on the 128GB (now only having 64GB). Or something along those lines.... Anyhow, the so-called geniuses at the Apple store are trained to identify those forms of fraud. Clearly a device that has been opened is likely to warrant further investigation.
I happen to own a set of Irwin groove locks, and they are great, but I've also heard the Knipex cobras are better. They both do the locking thing, so meh... I've always used a Lennox hand saw for drywall, but holy cow after getting my Dewalt oscillating tool ... dry wall is a snap! Also good for making holes in old-work boxes. So how do you like the Milwaukee insulated drivers? I am asking because those are on my list, and I'm leaning toward Wera Kraftform Insulated, mostly because other folks I know swear by them. But they are expensive, and not USA made.
This is entirely off topic, but related. For any of you young folks making babies, and you have the idea that your children are a sort of safety net for your elderly retirement years.... I won't judge you, but here is one tip that might help. Have many children, at least three, but more like 5 or more. The chances that one of them will be around to help in any significant way increases, and the ability of the group to distribute financial aid also goes up.
So apparently the HDR software was blacklisting via a license server API call, and directly in the code. The license server is understandable licensing stuff, except when a legitimate paying customer is blacklisted. At that point the company should provide a pro-rated refund to cover the remaining time left on the license. But going into the code is really uncool, but in some ways makes it easier to fix.... Once can just hex edit the binary and change the call-sign string, or use a debugger to change in-memory locations. Folks should probably just use open source software instead.
Cringe worthy. USB-PD all the way.
fyi $ ll /etc/ssl/certs/ca-bundle.crt lrwxrwxrwx. 1 root root 49 Oct 4 13:25 /etc/ssl/certs/ca-bundle.crt -&gt; /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem So it's a link to a link
it would be kinda nice if the fstab were made into a database, sqlite, berkley db, or whatever... it would be a good point to run sanity checks, but wait.... never mind, I just had flashbacks of having to run MAKE on NIS yp files... yucks!
How about the courage to include full size Ethernet port.
Close. The correct way is: cat /etc/system-release Because system-release is always guaranteed to exist on systemd distros, other release files are not.
Wait, this is a different topic kinda. Solar via roof tops is pretty weak solar, and putting energy back on the grid is more an exception than norm. Besides, it's considered more robust to store that energy onsite in power walls, or spinning up a kinetic flywheel to save the potential energy for off-hours. This is especially true for energy plans where time of day changes price per watt, so the energy is stored and spent those hours it cost more. Look at the data on roof top solar, the output efficiency is flat the entire day and spikes two hours for peak perpendicular solar panel aliment with the sun. Roof top solar is really cool, but it DOES kinda suck compared to solar panels that track the sun via motorized mounts. All of those suck compared to molten sodium, commercial solar, which are starting to emerge in many places out west. These do not have the net-metering issues. Seriously, don't get obsessed on rooftop solar, it's nice... but kinda lame.
Nevermind, I found that the extension does indeed achieve the desired result, had I only looked at the extension settings before posting. bah!
It sounds like it might be indexing.
How was it? It's straight up old school burger joint.
Pretty easy, usually the new partition will begin at the same location as the old was. As far as the end position goes, it only matters that it doesn't fall short of the original. Being the same size exactly, or larger, works. This really isn't as challenging as many people seem to think... it's trivial.
You could load the firmware onto a usb stick, and perform a local install.
What are the latest substation innovations these days? These days I'm a Linux software engineer, used to be an electrician out of high school, but have a strong arm-chair electrical engineering hobby... lately all I think about are how to prevent arc faults in sub-stations. So I'd love to see what an actual designer might have to say, if your willing to share?
That is good news! I'm glad your out of the woods on that.
Agreed. As somebody who has a very well equipped home kitchen, and who constantly experiments with new foods.... I am totally able to eat cheap buffets, to fine french, or whatever.... Inspiration comes from all places, and it's a mistake to close down ones mind to things, especially something so basic as food.
I feel your pain. Now imagine it can get even worse, you could be working from home 100%. Think of that lonely cubicle multiplied by 10x. At least you can track down your boss lady for an in person face to face, working at home.... your best chances are to get a video conference when her time permits. Another situation could be that you work in a different city from your boss lady, so you might work in an office with other people, you don't work for any of them, and they don't work with you. My advice, find a way to make the best of the situation. Take up a "work hobby" in the spare 10% of time. Perhaps study for some topic you find really interesting, ideally something for the next leap in your career.
This is a good thing for defendants of patent trolls, but it's also bad for legitimate patent enforcement by universities or smaller research facilities. A balance must be found, hopefully this judge factors in good faith pursuits.
Front facing stereo speakers.
Oh I'm sure Google knows what's up. They are secretive these days, remember the huge delay on 7.0 roll-out... it was pushing out to a few devices and suddenly the release halts. Not a peep out of Google, while they fixed whatever it was. Considering they have a a large number of devices heading home for RMA, I'm sure they can simply take a good sample to reproduce the issue, then instrument the Android OS to better introspect the issue.
Yeah, and a gfci sub-panel too (joke)
Ah, hence the adapter... because most phones with usb-c have nfc. Time to upgrade.
MinnowBoard for sure.
I think this kind of blanket statement is dangerous, generalizing broadly according to financial bias &amp; prejudices.
[According to this part diagram](http://servicenet.dewalt.com/Products/Detail?isId=true&amp;productNumber=DW703&amp;selectedType=7204#) You part is number #88, and no longer available. [Looking over the part from the DW713 it does look very similar](http://servicenet.dewalt.com/Products/GetDocument?docName=EA023390.tif&amp;docPath=http%3A%2F%2Fdocuments.dewalt.com%2Fdocuments%2FEnglish%2FExploded%2520Art%2FEA023390.png&amp;productId=5453&amp;productType=16408&amp;documentId=35675), so it's worth a try.
I'd like a physical jumper on the mainboard to enable DCI, and perhaps even software interlock in firmware.
replace the control board, done.
Yeah, your not truly free unless you have the freedom to exclude others. (sarcasm)
It's good that you're going for walks, not sending nasty emails. I started off just like you, single sysadmin, and salaried.... sounds like you might be hourly considering you need to get approved for overtime, which in your case might be a good thing. Because actually you want to avoid overtime for very basic reasons, people NEED time off, period. Also the employer wants to reduce over-time, and employer doesn't want to lose the sole remaining technology person. When the stress level increases, take a break. Literally get up from what you're doing, and just walk away for a bit. I say this because I sense you're younger, and prone to frustration, so just release the pressure, and come back to whatever it was you were doing, and resume. This takes practice, trust me, and it can seem awkward when it happens as the result of end-user interaction, but it must be done. Anyways, back to over-time, simply don't do it, and it's not the end of the world if some work has to wait to get finished. At this point that is unavoidable, and you have to embrace the fact you're in a no-win situation. In StarTrek this is called the "kobiashi maru", and the Starfleet captain simply has to deal with the bad situation, and find the best outcome. That is you right now. The best outcome is to have weekends off, and let the work pile up. that work is never going to reduce, it's only going to grow, and you are one person. So let nature take it's course, do the BEST you can DO, never seem to be idle.... go from one task to the next, and close out tickets or whatever. Tracking your work is critical here, so you can demonstrate to your management that your productivity is peaked. This will come in handy for that conversation with management, they like to have metrics to make decisions. That is how management works, it's data driven, so it's your responsibility to generate the data they need to do their job. That might seem cold and psychopathic, but that is the situation we all face in the IT world. Anyways, if you absolutely must perform some kind of critical off-hour work, then yes schedule over-time, but don't ask for permission. Just do the needful, and only the needful. This comes down to defining what "critical work" means to you, and your department. Not just critical stuff, you have to define the importance of every task, and prioritize. Spend more time doing that, planning your work, and plotting how your time is spent. In other words pay more focus on your work flow than the work itself. Because you are the sole-sysadmin you pretty much get unilateral decision power here, so be reasonable when these choices are later questioned. This comes to the next point, do everything out in the open, and professional, because when the backlog of work begins to complain, you WILL be scrutinized, and you need to be squeaky clean in terms of work ethics and work flows. Trust me when you implement these ideas, your frustration just fizzles away. Consider that people working in a fast food restaurant have the same exact problems you have. They have to provide great customer service, but they have to make the best situation. Sometimes they get slammed with work, and customers have delays in what is otherwise fast service. service desk and sysadmin work are not very different from fast food industry if you think about it. Your providing a service to customers, and you really have to be polite and courteous despite the challenges. Your managers are probably not very experienced managers, they are in a university so they probably don't have industry experience, and believe me managing people like yourself (like most IT people in general) is not exactly easy. So that that into perspective, they are inexperienced, and IT folks are not easy to manage. So when your day ends, leave. When your weekend comes, do something for yourself, and forget about work. When Monday comes, be refreshed and ready to kick ass. You will be way more productive if you have these boundaries set, and probably management will eventually be forced to hire another employee to help you. Mean while you will gain valuable experience that you can apply to your next IT job. Good luck
This article talks about the plaintif attorny, how he won the Case against Gawker. Techdirt is not comparable to Gawker, a vile clickbate tabloid. Techdirt has it's ups and downs, but pretty much always stayed legitimate... morally and ethicly speaking, unlike Gawker. So just because some high profile lawyer that easily won the Gawker case, the story is not the same. The roles are reversed, but still defamation of character can be a serious case. Good luck to them!
You example sucks. But you're not wrong. This is a classic example of a Kafka trap. http://esr.ibiblio.org/?p=2122
We don't sign packages that were not build internally, nor tested by our small army of QA engineers, PERIOD THE END.
These machines were the ultimate in steam punk. Or perhaps there is another more appropriate term, how about skookum-punk or chooch-punk? Anyways, I always thought it was really impressive how math functions can be simple machine operations.
Show it to the other guys in your crew, they might appreciate the perspective.
those where the good days. We were actually making traction into Apple mac users because we have desktop rotating cubes, and wobbly window effects, and all of that stuff.
You say that now, but not when gnome3 first released.
In civilization (the game) these are called puppet states, at satellites.
Have a stash of water bottles, flash light(s), whistles, hand held ham radio (optional), blankets, protein bars, first aid kit, small backup batteries to charge mobile device. Stuff like that, you want to have a small compact bag of things to have in case you experience a tornado. In the worst case your home collapses around you, and you're alive.... just survive on your kit until emergency crews can dig you out, but it might be a while.
Mandarin's are not know to be that way, they tend to eat PODs, and if your lucky sometimes they eat fish meal pellets or flakes.
This seems like cheating.
It might YLOD, but you can maintain the unit by blowing it out once in a while. If you feel proactive you can do the thermal paste.
cleaning the dust out is a regular chore, or rather labor of love..
All good, and sry if I came across strong.... just wanted to set the record straight. So if you find a spin you like, i'd encourage you to help out. Managing a Fedora spin boils down to tweaking an Anaconda kickstart file. Check it out: [https://pagure.io/fedora-kickstarts](https://pagure.io/fedora-kickstarts)
A few years ago I was working as a sysadmin mostly working on RHEL servers, so I got my RHCE, and really wasn't satisfied. I knew Fedora was the upstream distro for RHEL, and figured I'd have a competitive edge in the marketplace if I knew more about Fedora. So I started scoping out the Fedora documentation, using Fedora in lab experiments instead of RHEL. So I came for selfish reasons, to advance my career as a sysadmin, but got sucked into the Fedora community. My primary interest was working on ARM computers, so I spent a lot of time helping out in #fedora-arm on IRC (Freenode). Eventually I decided to meet the folks in real life, so I attended a Fedora tech conference. Fast forward a bit.... One thing led to another, before I knew it I was granted all kinds of project privileges, and offered a job at Red Hat. The Job was like a dream come true, as a Linux sysadmin I sorta idolized a Red Hat, and here I was being offered a job! I had "made it", sorta speak.... In Fedora I am one of the few folks who is lucky enough to push updated packages to the yum repos, so that means I get to GPG sign everything (which is the ultimate level of trust in the community). Mind you, I have a really terrible case of impostor syndrome, so to this day I don't feel worthy of any of this. Sry if that was long winded, but that is the story. Thanks for taking an interest.
That is great news! I'm glad your experimenting. Now that you have a working image, you might look at their build configs, and modify to your own taste.
I also find it no coincidence that the general trend of premature shutdown started around the time quick charging became a thing. Remember that this issue also happened on the Nexus 6, but not as widely reported, and that was not as popular a device. Let's not forget the exploding Samsung phones too, which could be a victim of the charging circuitry too.
It was reported 64 times! That might be the most reports I've ever seen, for any subreddit, and that includes things like /r/WTF
The property tax on that mall is still valued at 11 Million at least, if not more, much much more potentially.
I've always used keepassX to keep my passwords, and regularly save the encrypted database online. Works for me, but in the pass companies would have a password management system. I don't think keeping clear-text credentials is ever a good idea, so maybe send an encrypted datafile to the vault .
Explain how it would be a hate crime? I've seen folk try to argue a simple assault is a hate crime because an assailant utters the racially derogatory words..... but that is a very weak argument. Because when throwing out insults, it's common practice to use racial slurs not for hate crime purposes, but for insult purposes, and there is a distinction.
Sure they do... just look at them... Plenty of information. 9 blades means different bokeh, smoother more pleasing. Florine coating means less smears and lens contamination. The blue refractive on the two lens groups means less chromatic abortion. The thread diameter informs what kind of polarize or haze filters are be used, and informs you that the lens is wider, taking in more light. I mean really, just look at all that info, very informative.
Yes.....Which is actually also related to heat in the lipo, which is affected by charging, which is fast charging, which causes more heat. See the correlation?
Agreed, it's weird how everyone went from pretty much hating this guy as an ambulance chaser, to suddenly liking him out of pity, to NOW going back to regarding him as before. Yah humanity!
Criminally under used? Says who..... it's used quite a bit really by anybody who bothers to buy that spice. Honestly, most spices are "criminally" under used, because most folks only use salt &amp; black pepper. So it's no more or less than any other herb/spice.
I think this deserves more points. Because 1440 wide screens are really nice, and share many of the same features of the 4k UHD panels
Nouveau works great! I am able to play all the games on Steam that I have for Linux, with one exception (Goat simulator). There is no reason to use proprietary driver anymore as Nouveau does well enough
Yeah, it seems really irresponsible to weaken an already weak mortgage insurance program. It was a quarter of a percent, so it wasn't even that much for individuals really, but when taken collectively it could be many 10's or 100's of millions for a program that apparently was 1.7 Billion in the red.
do this elready, but now instead i perceive how much food i could buy when im old retired
I totally used those forums for a while, mostly back in the days when I was new to the Fedora community. So it serves a purpose for sure, and not sure it even overlaps with Reddit.
As far as ARMv7 parts go, I'd say Cortext A-15/17 chips are still pretty good. An Aarch64 would be preferable, but for embedded stuff the A-17 RK3288 is perfectly fine.
Having bit a jogger... more likely they will be terminated.
Eeeeeew.... I don't run Windows for anything, not even games. There are plenty of 3D games that work natively on Linux. Look everyone, /UselessBread runs Windows.... and has admitted so in /r/LinuxMasterRace Warm up the ovens ya'll we have a windows user to roast.
Exactly. Also, would be nice to have for EVERYONE.
I think there are a lot more issues with TPP than what you wrote, but you wrote well, and it's appreciated. Scratching only the surface........
Pff....Everyone knows disconnect fees are a scam, and everyone would appreciate some relief in that area, especially armed forces.
Awesome! Looking good. Those tops are popping! And that crumb is really decent too. The only thing I like about bread makers, and this is conceptually (I've never once used one), would be the timer so bread is ready in the morning breakfast or evening return to home.
What is not so evident, at least to folks not in photography, is the camera is moving away from the subject. As the lens moves away the photographer has to frame the image just so the subject fills out the same. Also the light parameters change, but I won't go into that. It's a really neat experiment for any year-2 photography student.
That really isn't true.
Self-awareness is hard. realizing one feels the way they do, and understanding why one feels that way... that is apparently hard for most people.
Chili, it has no beans. Also, chili.... it's not made like a variation of Spaghetti sauce (bolognese), but with chili powder &amp; cumin.... It's not even tomato based.... it's literally a puree of south western chile peppers over meat. That's it.
YUM is dead. All the cool kids use DNF now.
So you will soon findout that there are so many compressors with Dayton pump heads, combined with dozens of motors, combined with a number of different tanks..... The permutations are endless.
ha! fair enough
Perhaps the in-laws and your family can enter into an LLC, so it becomes a single party entity. This might also factor into their apparent ideas of dynastic wealth &amp; inheritance, but read the tax code on such things. However, with such a small sum of money, that kind of hassle (forming a family LLC) could be avoided.
Any moron can sign up for "UPS My Choice", and imperativly specify how your package is delivered. I'm fucking retarded, and I do this while licking the windows on my short bus ride to tard school. I'm pretty sure OP can figure this out.
I used to hate gnome3, but it's usable now recently with 3.22 + extensions. Namely Dash-to-dock extension. There are some features from dash-to-dock I'd like ported to dash-to-panel, like the ability to hover mouse over the panel, so the wheel scroll takes you to another workspace.
Yeah! I've seen that video, and love it! EDIT: you should post this to the /r/skookum sub-reddit
Clinical lab caffeine is a crystalline powder.
I stopped uploading when yahoo tool over.
just slice them into bits, then add to a sauce pan that has been already warmed with olive oil. Add fresh garlic to the pan, and salt to taste. Let that cook a while, then mash it down with a masher, and allow to cool. Once the contents are only warm, then you can blend them with a blender or immersion blender, but the stand blender is better. Returned the puree to the sauce pan, and cook down to the desired viscosity. Add any fresh herbs, it's up to you and your flavor preferences. I add basil to mine. That's it, yummy basic tomato sauce anybody can make.
&gt; , A Supreme Court judge has already done an override on this law until it is properly put in court for hearing next month. Which Supreme court judge was that?
That is how it should work. Two passwords, ideally they are different. One to unlock the storage volumes, another totally separate for user logins. A proper setup would never combined the two, ever.. As for the boot issue, is not into rescue mode, but you will have to locate the online instructions to unlock the LUKS encryption from terminal.
Well the fiber might fan out from the DC, but coalesces into a trunk later down path, or neat another inter-nic. Sadly in this day dual redundancy is not enough, it has to be quad redundant or get the fuck off.
Well it could be matriarchal so long as only the women have the magical power. But then again, the magical power to continue the species has a down side, the power of choice. Also, if a woman had the magical power to change the gender of their off spring, then why not create entirely new genders or species? Couldn't the men have the magical power to produce dead sperm, a sort of magical male birth control? I'm not sure magic is even needed here, perhaps some super trans-human bio-tech where the women have the biotics to filter out XY sperm in favor of XX, or to delay pregnancy by hormone abortion, or even embryonic growth delay. I'm a bit fan of the idea that sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. So just go with things that are reasonably and technically doable.
Windows has a command line: net user /add Jane * Just like that, it's done. I used to work for Microsoft, but I work at Red Hat now. Honestly the supposed Linux Maser race is amusing for me, many lulz to be had. ;-)
Hum... there is a lawsuit in store here if that turns out to be provably true. It would be great, actually, if something like that would happen. But... unfortunately to select a refuge over an equally qualified local would be job discrimination, if it were to be statistically shown it happens more than the random control.
Actually in modern times illegal immigrants fill the same space indentured servants did in history. I know it can be challenging to ignore the moral or ethical topics that surround slavery, but from a workforce perspective the functional roles are the same.
Not sure about unethical, but discriminatory... sure. Certainly one is not free unless they are free to discriminate. Freedom of association was perhaps one of the best worst ~~ideas~~ laws ever.
This probably should never have happened, and it's not entirely your fault. * Their backups don't exist, because apparently nobody had the forethought to test the restoration of data from backups. * Why a junior developer can access production database is beyond me, but that suggest the probably company has bigger problems. I wouldn't worry about the legal threats, it's just the CTO waxing their shallow ego. You were following instruction, but the thing is even if you were to make mistakes, and mistakes were made, it's not your fault the IT operations failed to repel the junior developer's first day. * You should never have had access to production env. I realize the CTO has to fire you, because you started this sequence of events. Your the agent-zero in the pandemic, however... it's multiple things conspiring to cause this situation, and you would not have been capable of this damage had you been in a proper setup. You need to return the laptop, ASAP, like yesterday. Do not access that laptop anymore, just power it down.
So performance is fine. However, problems with most Ryzen boards involve the PCI bus, namely how they work with virtualization. The Ryzen cpu SoC will expose some high speed lanes, but the chipset on the main board will not expose them.
Not sure if superstitious, or super paranoid.... but I always forced the junior sysadmins to "pre-boot" the server before any maintenance activity. So when they install patches, reboot the system first... before doing anything else. PRetty much anytime there would have been a reboot anyways, go ahead and pre-reboot it first.... just to eliminate any drama with the system not coming back online, it's not the patching fault.... it would have happened anyways, so not my guys/gals fault. This has saved my folks ass so many times, and yet... 95% of the time a pre-boot does nothing, but then that one time it does catch a problem, it's golden. Compare this to anybody that has patched a system that didn't come back online, and it's clearly not the patching fault, having to NOT deal with that is totally worth the policy.
Agree +1
You can easily appeal this situation, it's not hard. This is a very common tactic by former employers. You can simply appeal the outcome, and there will be a hearing. If you have any termination documents, make copies and be prepared to share them, otherwise you will be going under oath.
The idea is not to ban the other blockers, but to control the ad blocking narrative from ring-zero so to speak. Google will define what is on or off topic for ad blocking, or so that is how the thinking goes. We shall see.
So the best thing to do is DOCUMENT everything out the wazoo! The idea here is you can provide facts to other people, as much useful information as possible, but YOU CANNOT THINK FOR THEM. Once information has been provided in writing, never repeat the information when asked. Simply cite the existing source of information provided to them, but be useful about that... provide detailed reference to what was provided them. Turn these into canned replies if you have to, maybe even document in your knowledge base a template for responding to or handling the repeat incidence of things. Also, don't deal with email, that is to say... read and react to email, but use a ticketing system to formally document your interactions. this is how you stay sane in an environment like that. You stay consistent, and always be super friendly and helpful.
I would avoid user home dirs. Those areas might be subject to weird permissions, and process namespace. for that reason most modern distro's put user mounts in /run/media/user/**, but for this you might as well put it under /mnt/**
She was giving legal advise to somebody else, to not comply with a legal investigation. However, her client was under no obligation to comply with the police investigation, and that was the jist of the incident. One does not need to stand in the hall ways of a court house and be photographed by police investigators, and yet the police don't need to ask permission to take photos of people, much less demand they pose for stills. The reasoning is just beyond the pale.
haha... /r/WTF has a solid track record of banning witch-hunting, tar'n'feather campaigns, or invocations of the internet hate machine. Fuck anybody that does that, seriously.
A friend of mine used to have a kind of vibrating tool, sorta like a tattoo gun actually, that would make indention on the surface of an item, so that you can write down something, or make any kind of marking. We would tag our property with it, whatever custom markings, and then take photos of that result for backup. Anyways, in this day and age I would probably opt for an RFID and put that some where inside the chassis. That way you can detect the property in near proximity.
""" The effect may be considerable in a few centuries. """ It took a few decades.
Makes sense we find these in the periphery of the origin area. The fossil record is so corrupted from eons of contamination by hominids.
Wow!
omg I didn't notice until you, jerk (and I'm joking)... pointed that out... thanks for nothing, pervert.
That was my fav part too.
was this via poachers? The foot seems too well cut , but i've no idea
this is probably off topic /u/a_redditor
I've seen some shit in /r/electricians But this is beyond conventional shit.
Do the math.
Looks like Cyanobacteria to me, which can be green or red even. It could be algae of the slim type.
I've never taken down production, not once. Also, I know several people that never once took down production. These people are not unicorns, it's quite natural that some people don't fuck-up, and do not have the lame excuse that it's natural to fuck-up production. It's like trying to convey the idea that everyone walks off a cliff and dies once. Indeed, many do that.... where many more do not. Stop saying this stuff.
You need to become an emancipated minor. Forget the university, but keep that idea in your mind, it's still doable. Just understand that the university experience does not necessarily gain you what you might want in life compared to a highly motivated high school diploma holder. I won't bore you with my success story, except to say that is what happened to me. Anyways, the point is to have multiple paths forward in life, and try not to limit your options with firm plans. Okay, so you can become emancipated, and that will have implications. Firstly you are an adult in the eyes of the school system, and things like banks. You still cannot buy tobacco, but you shouldn't' be anyways... too expensive to have vices. Go ahead and get a job now. Find a friend or two who after you graduate HS you can be room-mates. Because it's expensive to pay for rent when you're starting out. Filing a police report is tough, but it has to be done. Doesn't mean you stop loving your mom, or anything like that. The two concepts are separate, and try to treat it that way. You're doing what any rational person would do, actually what any rational person must do in my opinion. So don't worry about that too much. PF has plenty of established ways to deal with this situation, so follow that path.
The code there just says the repo metadata is out of date, and that the repo needs to be refreshed to have updated metadata. To avoid that one can run: dnf makecache or simply throw away the cache, and run an update: dnf clean all dnf update Alternatively there are schemes to put dnf make cache into a crontab or systemd timer unit.
Why are you asking here, essentially having Reddit do your research for you? #lazy
It depends. Does upholding your principles have any value, monetary or otherwise? Fuck cable channel bundles, and fuck commercials. To me the time saved not watching commercials is well worth any expense for streaming services. I've never understood why people pay for cable programming when it's like paying for advertising. The whole premise of cable TV way back in the olden 1980s was commercial free, it didn't last long but that was the idea.
I suppose a CA compliant ar-15 is better than none, well.... except fuck CA, that has to be said. But really, I'm so happy the outcome was active, better than passive despite the mixed victory.
But but.... has it not been looked the other way for some long while now? By previous USA regime presidents, no? Yes, I believe so... Qatar has been repressed in their Arab spring by USA weapons, it was never an issue there.
It would be nice if somebody would implement a lite version of Raid6, which simply uses XOR for both parity calculations, instead of Galois field algebra for the diagonal parity &amp; XOR for the lateral parity. Hmm... Come to think about the failure modes, I suppose the fast XOR could be used in favor of Galois for single disk failures, but it might be faster to opportunistically recompute the Galois at the cost of increased read IO which puts the array under more stress. Obviously for two disk failure modes the algebra must be computed. Still... thinking about the code &amp; hardware I cannot see Galois being fast, or rather not as cheap as XOR which can be implemented as integer register and computed single cycle. Anyways, I'm sure there is some good reason to use the algebra instead of XOR, but it's not immediately obvious to me, but I'm not a Ph.D computer scientist, so it goes..... I'm sure the code today is as optimal as it can be, reduced to the simplest set of instructions available on whatever architecture. That being said, not all ISAs are created equal, some probably go faster or slower for the math things. For very large data set this can become significant.
I do not believe it's fundamental or necessary to use a different parity type, but it's probably more robust. For example Netapp's Raid DP sheme uses double XOR parity, and I believe one parity block is striped, the 2nd is stored on dedicated disk similar to raid4. Now then, on your example calculation you could calculate P2 thusly: D3: 10001 P1: 00011 P2: 10010 Or, one could simple store P1 twice on different stripes or different disks... which is naive, probably a bad idea, but is what I would advocate for speed. Also, I'm not a qualified expert on this topic. Given that I'm employed by Redhat, I have stared at the Linux kernel code for various raid types, but I'm not an authority on the subject. However, I have stayed at a Holiday Inn Express...
It's not clear to me why it's fundamental. I'm afraid your argument is not entirely persuasive, but I beg your pardon... At the same time, I'm not sure my argument effectively persuasive too. Specifically the parity data type should not matter. It is just parity. The field theory is just one possible implementation.
But say those things while engaged in hand to hand combat, and it becomes 'hate crime' hand to hand combat with enhanced penalty points. I guess the freedom of speech doesn't apply when engaged in hand to hand combat.
But historically Redhat stock has always done well during economic &amp; market decline.
Yeah, dash oppo charge is neat, but it's not standard, and actually turns me of the one plus 5, well that and it doesn't support my network carrier, so it goes.
Do you by any chance have your user identity tied to a kerberos principle that was not credentialed by that point in time?
There is an NDA so anybody that could have told you, simply cannot tell you for that reason. Best advice I can give is to look over the bullet points, and setup lab environments in a VM to explore each topic.
uh... youtube comment section works, use it bro!
That is fucking hilarious! Golf cart chop shop! Hahaha... this is like some cady shack 2017 shit right there! OMG hilarious.
Thanks for your opinion. I'd like to invite you to contribute to the fedora spin kickstarts repo, to make even more meaningful change.
Can we get this list verified?
Nope! Fuck that job....
I don't seem to recall Microsoft "blocking Netscape", or rather perhaps that is some warped version of simply not bundling a 3rd party browser along with Windows 95? Was Microsoft compelled to bundle arbitrary 3rd party software with it's operating system, and where does that end? It's a rhetorical question so don't feel obliged to respond. It was a different era, and there was no defined software ecosystem. I might be biased, because I actually worked at MS at that time, but strangely I moved on to Be Inc (BeOS), and felt MS's anti competitive tactics first hand by how the Windows operating system was bundled on oem PC hardware , so I've felt it from both sides, and have a unique perspective. Now, being employed by Red hat, the two companies are partners, so full circle. Anyhow, I'd love to see what the alternative is to this feature, perhaps the simple lack of the shopping suggestion feature, and a dedicated portal? What then, will said portal be unable to deliver target results based on search history, or not be allowed to implement a search feature within that scope? Where does it end? This is just the EU milking money, with no solution and in my opinion no harm. I believe it was Spain or France that (a few years ago) implemented some kind of nationalistic protection laws on news hyperlinks, and Google called the bluff. Which BTW is both a tragic irony or poetic justice (aka classic Shakespearean dichotomy). Pretty much Google opted to exit that market, and the market collapsed. So the EU member states have wised up their extortion at the Union level, which again is a good move for them
I will never forget that one time the Airraine exploded, it might have been one of the first launches. Was a major set back, and was apparently some software unit conversion glitch (they always are). At this point it's a pretty solid delivery system for heavy loads, but very expensive.
use shred instead
From a very high level .... say 50k feet above.... so to speak... these wage changes make no sense unless the bottom wage earners have a period of time where their wage is in parity with your wage. That is to say increasing the bottom wage has a tickle-up effect. So it might make more sense to find another job right away. The best way to get a raise is to find a new job.
One could enhance the reciprocating saw blade to cut from both directions. So swing forward, then back for extra damage.
Great answer. Texas BBQ is not a delicacy, it's a common form of food. Folks in New England area might find BBQ exotic, just like they once precievied chili. Don't get me started on beans.
&gt; Applications running in virtual machines will see a higher hit, although Red Hat hasn't quantified what that hit will be yet. I'm not sure who is saying that ? Because the reverse would be true, bare metal system would see an impact, virtual machines probably not. So the impact is on bare metal kernel &amp; hypervisors. User-land really doesn't see much impact at all, but I'll let the benchmarks speak for themselves. I believe certain syscalls probably see a 1000% performance penalty, so those can slow down a benchmark and drag down the results depending how much that call is utilized in the program. This is an exaggeration to make a point, so don't quote me on 1000%. disclaimer: these remarks are my own, and not my employer
I hate to be pendantic, but got a source for that quote? Just paste the url. Thanks in advance, much appreciated.
Yeah, it's disappointing Intel wasn't able (or unwilling) to notify all the OS providers. There was a big concern about the information leaking early, which actually happened. So perhaps Intel was justified in limiting access?
Well.... my take on the landfill thing is it doesn't matter if you unload everything at once, or you dispose of things in a steady stream over time. You may have to meter your consumption, and thus your output. One of the issues I've seen is folks obtain these things, but there really is no place for them to go... so they become clutter. Other times they just slowly accumulate and the effect is not noticing the clut grow over time. Apparel can be recycled, but do not allow the recycling to become imperative, because then it's just a device hoarders use to protect their stash. I would say make an exception this time.
Try to reinstall that one broken kernel, but obviously from the previously booted kernel. Also, consider using the free and open nvidia drivers so your kernel isn't tainted. Also, let this serve as a prime example of why NOT to use the proprietary kernel tainting drivers.
Not sure openbsd was relevant to Intel, unlike FreeBSD which has a relevancy in the PS4 and Apple. I'm not trying to disparage OpenBSD, it's wonderful and I'm sure the devs are trust worthy, and certainly able to sign the non disclosure agreement.
The person who implemented the proof of concept was using an Apple laptop, so not Linux. But there were some commits to Linux, and they were NOT indicative of any security issue at all. So it's unlikely story, probably to cover up somebody leaked the info early. Also it would have taken a long time to implement and get it working. For example the security researchers who discovered the problem have only been able to get it working once, and not again (supposedly). So it was leaked very early, and that is why these are not shared so widly. Because people talk, and want to share secrets.
The same argument can be made for templeOS.
Here is a challenge... go clean out your junk drawer in the kitchen. We all have a junk drawer, but for cluttered people it's not the same.... go clean it out. By the way, CONGRATULATIONS on cleaning out what you have so far, and I mean that! I love reading what you have shared so far.
And, apparently.... given how the Linux community failed to secure the issue at hand, I'm still unconvinced how the BSD community would have handled it any better? Still I'm pretty sure the leak happened due to insider knowledge.
I recently visited Brno, Czechia... and the food was nothing like what is served in those West gas stations. And, from what I can tell the food in those gas stations is more pan central-European deserts (nothing specific to Czechia). Then again, serving authentic beef goulash probably isn't practical for a highway pit-stop.
I would urge caution. Never underestimate the engineering capabilities of rednecks and meth heads.
Did the HOA unilaterally change the rules? A few things: * The report claims the notices about the garages were posted on or nearby the garage, not a letter in the mail, much less certified mail. Though I do believe it's probably fine to post notices to front doors and other entrances, ultimately before arbitration or court it would fault for lack of proof of delivery. * The report use the words "effective immediately" when describing the new rule. Which given the lack of information makes me wonder if the HOA administrator changed the rules unilaterally, or via the community process. It seems unlikely the community would have voted for this change, and this would be the first time I've heard of an HOA with the power to modify the covenants unilaterally. If anybody can find the HOA covenants, I'd love to read them. Please feel free to link to them bellow this comment.
Ever look at old maps? Regardless, those Tx cz restaurants &amp; bakeries are a joke. Goulash was just one example. I asked about kolaches when I first visited CZ, and they all though they were Austrian or German (with specificity to pigs in blanket). I've no idea, but I live in TX, and visit CZ for business quite a bit. I'm also a big fan of them culturally, [They make good guns](http://cz-usa.com/) , [good tools](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wera_Tools#Corporate_structure), and they have gorgeous women!
I really hope the show included PKD's emotional social confluence device thingy, and because it's been a while I don't remember what it was called in the book. I can see why it was removed from the movie(s), but in a more protracted story I think it would make sense to include. Especially if's it's black mirror'esque.
Come on /u/SkyLukewalker .... have you been to the Czech republic, do you have any first hand experience with their food? Or are you going to stand by wikipedia, and your perception of Texas bakeries?
I'm're pretty sure he suggested shorting the DEA.
&gt; Richard Yu, the CEO of Huawei’s consumer products division, Ho Lee Fuk, how many CEO's does this statement imply the company to have?
Actually, India owes a lot to Mexico in a culinary sense. Modern Indian cuisine uses a lot of spices (in particular chile peppers) that were brought to the region from the Americas by dutch merchant ships back in the 17 or 18 century. Back then those spices in particular were of high value because they were more exotic than what the Arab spices traders offered. As an anecdote, when I throw parties, I tend to make Tex-Mex cuisine because I know my Indian friends will appreciate the flavor profile. And, don't even get me started on naan bread Vs tortilla Vs pita. Also, I've many vegan and vegetarian friends, so a taco party works well when dealing with a mix of herbivore, omnivore, and carnivore people. Anyhoo... I've seen folks use basmati or jasmine rice for sushi, but the trick is to crush the rice a bit, and maybe add some gluten of some kind.... say rice powder.
Congratulations!
Definitely not /r/WTF worthy. Agree on the crappy design. Source: I created /r/WTF
I kinda regret getting my family the Nintendo switch. * The game cartridges are small, and I'm worried they will get lost. * The idiotic controller scheme with the "A" button to the right. I realize now this is some legacy from SNES, but it's truly wrong... and needs to be fixed in the platform options. * The parental controls are insufficient, it places a limitation on the whole console, not any particular user. I understand why, and it's leads to my next point. * The user management is too primitive, anybody can switch to any other user on the console. What we need is authenticated users, and super-users. So I can then apply console management choices to specific users, who cannot break out of the confines. Also, I'd like to narrowly limit what games are available to what users. For example, Doom is fine for myself, but not my young children. There are many other aspects of the device that I just love. * The Nvidia aarch64 processor. For my day job I was paid to bring-up Linux on the aarch64 platform, so it's very likely some of my contributions are running in that console. * The NS is pretty much a re-branded Nvidia shield, which is an excellent kit, probably better than NS, but the game library for Nintendo is great. * The use of usb-c and I cannot emphasize enough why this is so awesome. * The use of USB-PD (power delivery) is standard, and Qualcomm can pretty much go fuck themselves with their non-standard Quick-charge IP. But anyhoo... I'm so delighted Nintendo is doing well financially, because competition is good.
I used to have a beard down to my nipples, and I'd have to agree here. The hair can get damaged from excessive grooming, however the washing is less for the hair and more for the skin bellow.
There is a boat load of open source tools for hardware development. Kicad is the tip.
And, people who currently have a job are more likely to be accepted for a new job.
https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Changes
I'd say to you go straight to Openshift.
The boot firmware is probably correct.
Except the way mortgages are setup, in the beginning the portion that goes to principles is very little, and as time goes the portion gradually increases. So that principle is a lie! Most lenders want an upfront 20% payment into the principle, mostly to defend themselves against the borrower (potential) foreclosure. The price they tend to sell foreclosed homes is supposedly right around ~20% less. So even the down payment is a lie! The only way to come out on top is to save a bunch of money, and make a large principle payment in the very early stages of the loan, say the first payment. It will knock years off the loan immediately, and save much more over the life of the loan. In some extreme case it might even be better to take a higher interest rate in exchange for 0% down loan, but then take the money one would have spent on the 20% down payment, and apply that to the first mortgage payment. The math checks out, but it's unorthodox at best, and serves mostly to demonstrate how stacked the system is against the borrower. My advice for the OP, play around with loan calculators, study amortization charts. Figure out how to make your own charts in a spread sheet, then figure out how to add extra principle per month, etc... It might be better to rent.
Meh.... I think Nintendo has a plan, which involves the Nintendo switch not achieving market dominance, or as it runs out being dominant... and the falling out of dominance. So in other words, sell them high now while the selling is good. But in all seriousness, Nintendo does kind of have a pattern of this happening, so it goes.....
Meh. The advertisers want humans to review the videos, and that will only happen when the set of eligible videos goes down. The idea that the large channels cause this is wrong, totally wrong...... and that is why it doesn't make sense to you OP. The small channels are destroying Youtube in terms of abusing the monetisation, say for example re-uploading somebody else's content for advertising rev, or whatever shit like that to earn their $1 for the month..... because reality check: small channels were not making that much anyways. And, as to the current set of big channels most of them got big before Youtube monetization..... or came over from another platform where they were big, and brought their fans with them.
yes, but only in the minds of snowflakes in safe spaces.
FYI - Modern day satanism is effectively a humanist movement. But here's the thing, it's kinda got some adversarial aspects with modern day Christianity, and in so uses some aspects of old world devil worship. Mostly images, and what not. For example, the stuff about erecting a statue of Satan next to the ten-commandments in Oklahoma capital grounds. Or passing out satanic ~~comic books~~ graphic novels in schools, along with the Jews and Christians who have their materials present. It's all tame, and harmless humanism using satanism for shock value. So I dunno... I see blurry lines.
I can tell she had you sheltered, so here is how I would handle it. Either-or steal your documents back, or request new copies. Then go to one of the free online tax preparation websites, and teach yourself how to do taxes. Mind you, she probably will claim you as a dependent. Also, it's critical you obtain your SSN, birth certificates, and all other personal items. Next, obtain a new bank account, or take total control of your personal account. You're an adult now, and nobody should be up in your bank, even you're Mom. Anyway, the ideas here is you have the personal documents to start a new bank account. That way you avoid confrontation, and you can stay routing your private financial transactions to there. There is absolutely no reason to tolerate a helicopter parent. Simply and summarily turn off the visibility into everything. For examples, I'd get your own personal mobile phone so she cannot monitor your phone records, etc. Purchase a cheap mail drop service, and pickup your snail mail in person, etc. You have to be like a secret agent or some shit like that.
They will have to fork that package, and maintain it now forever.
Well, it's unfeasible. So much spaghetti of complexity with hardware variants or whatever. It really does expose flaws in microcode packages, who knows....
Pictures please? I've got to see this to believe it.
I also select based on internal components. :-) But you're right, the key action is paramount. I just wonder if there is some oem factory in the P.R.C producing many similar controller boards, licence/sold under different brand names.... as is done with many other kinds of products.
So long as OEL maintains a small set of forks, it should be fine. Just like centos does, or any other down steam distro, the forks make it their unique distro. I kinda suspect Oracle, being a hardware vendor itself, decided this software way was easier than the firmware way (for their own hardware). Which is an interesting implication, but just my opinion. Oh and btw, all of this is my opinion, and not my employers. I work for the upstream distro. 😉
&gt; we as a society aren't going to just let people who can't afford health care die on the street. I get that argument, but it's always seemed overly simplistic and theoretical, and ignores the crux of the issue: We as a society don't take the Hippocratic oath, that is for doctors, not tax payers. And, what is the problem preventing an ill person from going bankrupt to deal with their healthcare debt, or failure to secure insurance? (Its a rhetorical question)
I'll answer anyway. Chapter 7 bankrupty is commonly used to discharge medical debt. It's one of the most common reasons people seek bankruptcies. And, avoiding the consequences of bankruptcy is one of the most common reasons people secure medical insurance. These days medical insurance is precieved differently, thanks to preventative maintenance.... Err treatment. Consider that auto insurance does not cover oil changes, or tire rotation.... But medical insurance does those kind of things, yearly dental &amp; physical exam. Anyhoo.... It's not the public job to insure other people against their debt.
He is reality for you. Nobody posses the right to NOT be offended.
So I platinum'ed all the previous Infamous games. They are good games.
You cannot do it here. Please.
well it's kinda funny... it happens all the time. Also, and being totally honest... very little morality here, embrace the nihilism
Sounds good. The answer is of course length trumps complexity. But, as I've advocated simplicity trumps complexity too, because we need to remember the secret. As you press with your own research, other issue may become apparent. I envy you, because I fondly remember enjoying doing this kind of research, many eureka moments.
utter BS. In nature pain is the ultimate stimuli, and just because we have highly developed emotionally complex brains changes none of that. Creatures want to avoid pain, be that mental anguish or physical pain, and of course creatures seek pleasure &amp; rewards. For example, the child walks behind the donkey and the animal kicks. The child will probably avoid walking behind that animal again, or at least be on guard. This was pain stimuli that results in behavior improvements. With that same donkey, it knows that it will be rewarded for doing it's farm work, it' gets to finally eat the carrot that's been dangling. That is stimuli too.... perhaps the animal has hunger pangs and the food is the way to extinguish that situation, or perhaps that food is very pleasurable to eat. I mean this is all so very basic, the mind boggles people have persuaded themselves otherwise.
Oh nice. I was actually wondering about that, and indeed! [Here is the direct link](https://play.google.com/music/m/Isfklfgojssk36y2arr3wrui4ja?t=Command_Line_Heroes)
&gt; And this set back vaccination efforts in that region by decades. One has to wonder if that variable was part of the strategic calculus.
Well if the allegations prevail in court, then the democratic chair should be fired. It sounds like the republicans used some kind of handwriting analysis on the petitions, and took a very literal or narrow interpretation of law. I'm not sure what the implication is, were some of the signatures forged... by a party deputy or some kind of secretarial type? Was this a rubber stamp, which is also common? What I'm saying here is if this all comes out true, it's really bad. It would be negligent incompetence by the party chair. However, this can really backfire on the republicans badly if they lose in court.
Yeah that is hilarious in context! EDIT: context == POTUS appears to be overweight. Not that I would fat shame POTUS or Oprah.
Okay, I'll take the bait. What is immoral here? Elections are serious business, in a political sense. I'm neither republican nor democrat, but from what I read it looks like serious democratic incompetence at the highest levels, and the rebuttal seems weak. Along the lines of "republicans cannot win at the ballot so ...." or whatever lame excuse for not following the letter of the law. I don't know, but I would hope the democratic party would hold the republican party to the same exact standard, and call out any and every election mistake made, and I'm sure there are plenty. But still, what exactly is immoral? And, if you don't get what I just wrote, calling the republicans immoral here means in the future the democrats would then be immoral for doing the same.
This seems entirely too reasonable, and therefore probably won't happen. Just saying.
I cam here to read about DART, but I stopped because it was obsessing on the topic of bums asking for money. Anybody got a TL;DR?
I was amused at this: &gt; rights to associate That so-called right has been weakened to the point it doesn't matter, because that was the same right that foundation to the freedom to discriminate. I wouldn't mention it, but yeah... got your point.
Hey gang, Here is the passage of law cited in the lawsuit: http://www.statutes.legis.state.tx.us/Docs/EL/htm/EL.145.htm#145.035 and I believe this section is relevant: http://www.statutes.legis.state.tx.us/Docs/EL/htm/EL.145.htm#145.037 EDIT: this was also cited in the lawsuit: http://www.statutes.legis.state.tx.us/Docs/EL/htm/EL.172.htm#172.117
The spaghetti of microcode
Damn, looks nice but sure was over the top.
Nice. I'm super happy for you. You have a zone of happiness, and that is great stuff.
For PoE I have always advocated segmenting off that portion of network from the main stuff, so that means go for a managed switch with few PoE ports. That way you can at least still power a few things like remote dumb switches or APs. But for PoE sip phones, or video cameras... get something with more power per port.
Haha, yeah.. I troll both sides. While you're rolling those eyes, care to explain the immorality thing?
I think some of what you wrote rings true, but wow... &gt; There are no legitimate use cases for the blockchain that require such a huge amount of processing power. Oh please... the cryptographicly verifiable chains of validity most certainly have a legitimate purpose.
Huh... yeah, that sorta checks out when put that way.
Yeah, not clicking on that Breibart link.
Everyone has their price.
yeah, always figured Stockholm syndrome as my guess there, but what do we know about their private affairs? Either way it's just "eww"
Well, that is a good point. The fact the republicans have been able to review the signatures entails those things are available for review. Can you find those Republican signatures please? So we can see them and talk about the proof. The signatures of the democrat chair and the alleged "unidentified individual" are attached to the lawsuit, starting on page 25: https://www.scribd.com/document/369735651/Plaintiffs-Amended-Petition-and-Appendix-2-0#from_embed Starting at about page 46, the signatures change dramatically. Not a rubber stamp, but somebody else's handwriting entirely. I'm no hand writing expert, but those writings are clearly from somebody else. So I would love to see the same thing from the Republicans, because honestly that would be awesome!
Yep, agree on the part about properly terminating the STP. Also agree in principle about the twists, and the extra shielding of those individual twisted pairs is to avoid attenuation from itself, especially on long lengths. But the main issue is usually where the cables come together at the distribution point. A number of these attenuating cables are more likely to interfere with each other. Especially at the terminal points right next to each other, they can be very noisy things from a radio interference perspective. When I see pictures of sysadmins so proud and accomplished about their huge trunks of category-N cables in neatly tie-wrapped bundles, I kinda cringe inside. That is literally the worst case scenario from an interference perspective, and likely reduces performance. I've seen folks in my employers network labs use shrink wrap shielding to bolster the ends.
Did you see?
If you look at the lawsuit, it's pretty damming. It has in the appendix all the signatures she allegedly wrote, and it looks like different people wrote them. Not a rubber stamp, but a different signature, and clearly different from the form she wrote the elect/nominate herself. Perhaps she changed her signature mid-month or something, and then again.... Because it's that inconsistent. It's Soo bad if think the notary might be at risk of jail. FYI, I was a notary at one point and this would be my nightmare, election fraud.
Also metal roofing has a very nice effect of transporting heat from the hot side of the roof to the shaded side. It dissipates heat better, instead of absorbing the majority of solar heat.
I'm with you. I can think of very few rare persons in the tech industry that prefers an open collaborative workspace.
&gt; we democrats do need to hold ourselves to a higher standard, that we need to be accountable to ourselves. Yeah, because **the democrats do a pretty good job of undermining democracy on their own**. The incompetence of the party chair is a pretty damming example. Of course any potentially illegitimate ballots should be challenged in court, with the jeopardy of forfeiting the nominations. This is not an attack on Democracy, this is democracy. The law is pretty clear [1] the county chair has to sign them, full stop. In other parts of the law there are ways for other people to sign them, so for example if the party chair was on active militarily duty, a state chair or deputy chair may intervene. [1] http://www.statutes.legis.state.tx.us/Docs/EL/htm/EL.145.htm#145.037 &gt; Sec. 145.037. CERTIFICATION OF REPLACEMENT NOMINEE FOR PLACEMENT ON BALLOT. (a) For the name of a replacement nominee to be placed on the general election ballot, **the chair of the executive committee making the replacement nomination must certify in writing** the nominee's name for placement on the ballot as provided by this section. &gt; &gt; (b) **The certification must be signed and acknowledged by the chair.** &gt; &gt; (c) In addition to the name of the replacement nominee, the certification must include: &gt; &gt; (1) the replacement nominee's residence address and mailing address, if different from the residence address; &gt; &gt; (2) the name of the original nominee; &gt; &gt; (3) the office sought, including any place number or other distinguishing number; &gt; &gt; (4) the cause of the vacancy; &gt; &gt; (5) an identification of the executive committee making the replacement nomination; and &gt; &gt; (6) the date of the replacement nomination. &gt; &gt; (d) The chair must deliver the certification to: &gt; &gt; (1) the secretary of state, for a statewide or district office; or &gt; &gt; (2) the authority responsible for having the official ballot prepared, for a county or precinct office. &gt; &gt; (e) The certification must be delivered not later than 5 p.m. of the 71st day before election day. &gt; &gt; (f) A certification of a replacement nominee that is delivered by mail is considered to be delivered at the time of its receipt by the appropriate authority. &gt; &gt; (g) A replacement nominee's name may not be certified if, before delivering the certification, the certifying authority learns that the replacement nominee's name is to be omitted from the ballot under Section 145.035.
The devil is in the details.
This whole issue of being offended at things, and perceiving that there should be some kind of public safe space from undesirable words..... the mind boggles. There is no god given (or otherwise) inalienable right to NOT BE OFFENDED.
Indeed.
The instructions per seconds is an interesting metric, but really that needs to be sha512 hashes per second, and for that I'd be generous enough to provide a maximum secret length of say 100 characters, obeying my rule of only lower case characters from the ASCII set. I'd also be generous by assuming the adversary has the sha512 hash in hand for pure cryptographic analysis. So at this point one can do fast dictionary attacks and attack the hash itself. As an aside, there are researchers now precomputing common phrases, just like all the words dictionaries were before. For the sake of simplicity assume there adversary has the hash salt too.
What an idiot, it's a cross post.
Yeah those are old. These days they are made in Mansfield, TX.
I totally agree. My N6p is back to awesome again, after replacing my battery a week or so ago. When this new battery starts to fail, I'll probably replace it again, even after I replace the phone in October (when security updates stop), because I'll use it as a wifi-only phablet, or use a rom.
I met a person at a tech convention, we were drinking alcohol provided free by the event. So he got to speaking about how he got tired of his sysadmin job, and secured a new sysadmin job. So the new job was remote, and provided a laptop with mobile wifi hotspot. He delayed quitting his first job, and did both at the same time. In his words, solutions he implemented in one would almost directly work for the 2nd. So it made rational sense to maintain both jobs at the same time. I was very impressed when he showed me a picture of himself with his used Ferrari he bought with the excess income. Anyways, he eventually quick the original job, and moved to yet another tech job, finally quitting the 1st employer. He would bring his 2nd employers laptop and wifi hotspot and set them down in the cubicle. When questioned about that, he lied and said that was his personal equipment, and does not connect them to the company network, and then showed off the wifi hotspot. Apparently this false statement not only worked, it was impressive to the 3rd employer so much they very much liked his "considerate" and ethical work posture. LoL! Anyways, he eventually secured remote work at the 3rd company which made things so much easier. He would talk about how he was at a Starbucks with both laptops out on the table having back to back conference calls with both companies. He said he worked a lot, was a hard worker, but eventually his wife decided to file for divorce with custody of the children. According to him he was able to hire much better (I.E. more expensive) lawyers, who persuaded the judge that because he earned so much more that he would be more fit to provide for the children, and succeeded with that line of argument. FYI, his then former wife was also very successful financially (high end consultant or something), at least in the past, but stopped working prior to the divorce to because of the financial Independence he provided. Anyways, I'm sure it's totally unethical to work two jobs at the same time, but just saying..... if you can do it.... might seriously consider DOING IT.
Your statement is totally false. Employment contracts may forbid working elsewhere concurrently, but not consecutively. This is why people have a day job and a night job.
Again, you seem to have a misconception of 'full time'. That is a legal term that states use as lable for people who work more than part time, which is a certain number of hours per week, say 30. So if my side gigs is 30 or 40 hours, what is the different, according to you? It's a rhetorical question. The difference in worked hours is irrelevant. Which is why employment contracts stipulate terms of non complete, or interference with working hours. Full time status is irrelevant.
Are you hourly? You seem to come at this from that mind set. Just curious, I'm not sure how somebody can hold so many misconceptions unless they haven't worked much beyond wage.... In essence not having much experience. No offence intended, you seem to know some words, but partially understand their definitions.
Sorry for the long rant.... There are several angles here: * 7nm is near the end of the line for silicon, so Nvidia has to engineer their products to scale horizontally, instead of depending on vertical (downward) scale. Both AMD and Intel have demonstrated new "glue" technologies, like Infinity fabric, or Intel's EBIM. * [PCI-e v4 is coming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PCI_Express#History_and_revisions) and it's going to change the GPU market in a number of ways. * * 300 watt power delivery means no more external power cables for the GPU card, it all comes from the PCI bus. The implication is both AMD and Nvidia will want to make their next gen GPU on a smaller 7nm ~ 3nm process node to ensure they stay under the 300 Watts. * * Double the speed of PCI-e v3, which improves everything. And, PCI-e v5 will double V4, and this will be approaching the current speed of DDR4. The implications are so broad I cannot list them all here, but it's a big issue over shadowing the next year or so... when PCI-e v4 is introduced (later this year?) it will overnight obsolete everything that came before. Nvidia cannot get this wrong, and should delay new products until v4 happens. * The minor players: Intel, ARM, Imagination, Qualcomm, etc.. Nvidia needs to be watching the minor players, especially Intel. The collaboration between Intel and AMD was the metaphorical shot across Nvidia bow. The message was Intel and AMD (not friends) are willing to come together to work against Nvidia, their mutual enemy. Intel &amp; AMD want to dethrone Nvidia in the laptop space, and they will take a page from ARM's playbook by coming up through the bottom with low-end low-power parts. Also as ARM scales-up from mobile to laptop/desktop grade computing, their Integrated (Mali) GPU will be "Good-Enough". Also Qualcomm Adreno has potential to rise-up the same way. I wouldn't be surprised if we seen these integrated GPU's transition to discrete GPU's in the next few years.... especially given how Microsoft, Apple, and Google are starting to embrace ARM for the CPU in laptops. So from my perspective there is about to be an end to Nvidia's dominance due to the ever escalating "tick tock" pattern. They will not be able to introduce mid-range cards at launch, then get away with over clocking for so-called high-end kits. Same goes for AMD, honestly... They have been in the position of having to over-clock their VEGA parts at launch just to maintain bellow parity with Nvidia. I suspect Nvidia knows AMD is going to jump straight to 7nm with Vega, no architecture changes, which will mostly improve power consumption, and some speed increase. All Nvidia has to do for that is pretty much the same, but that's what they have been doing the past two years. AMD seems like it will introduce Navi along with PCI-e v4, which will have a situation of targeting the low-end but with the higher speed of PCI-e v4 will seem like a really high-end GPU. Everyone complains that Vega consumes too much power, Navi will be the solution.... and even if that turns out to not be true...the consumer will perceive this to be true because 300 watt power-delivery over PCI means no external wires.
&gt; And I think the other red handled ones are special editions. Probably "red bull" special edition? Also, these are Pozidrive, not Philips. :-p
Because apparently he wants a nice high UV sun tan. Seriously, high voltage electrical arc's produce seriously hazardous UV that is invisible to the eye, yet blinding, and skin cancer causing. Please never be that guy.
The template system is terrible. ## for template macros is aweful. I agree with the above that it's rather trivial to manage tftp/pxe config files with kickstart.
As far as I know Gitlab used to be hosted on Azure, but has moved (or is moving) to Google cloud. This was back in April 2018 or whatever, so not that long ago. Here, I found something on Google search: https://venturebeat.com/2018/04/06/why-and-how-gitlab-abandoned-microsoft-azure-for-google-cloud/
I swear it seems like the ps3 has way more games, even considering it's a last gen console. I guess the PS2 also had a lot of games, perhaps even more than the PS3 does at the same relative late stage. Anyways, I still have un-opened games in the plastic shrink wrap... Heavy rain, being one I've never got around to... and now Detroit human is out... meh... there is never enough time.
Yeah, most people haven't read Freud's literature to appreciate the terminology. So it goes, say somebody is anal is insulting at a potty mouth level instead of a obsessive tendencies level.
I'm surprised the old hwaddr stopped working, but I suppose that's the price of progress.
Because Reddit depends on ipv4 blacklisting it's therefore impossible to go dual stack because ipv6 essential defeats the whole concept. It's that simple, and inversely &amp; proportionally pathetic that the 6th largest site online made such a terrible design decision. So it goes...
They already whitelist known nats.
So to be crystal clear, the system works well. You don't see a lot of spam on Reddit because it works so well. But yeah it's fundamentally broken in terms of modern internet.
Texan checking in. While I'm somewhat skeptical of the claim of Sweden being so warm in the summer time, I totally think men in skirts is awesome. If anything because arbitrary rules like dress code is stupid. But I'm sure if I can wear long pants all year round in blistering hot Texas, the swedes can to, and much more tolerable. It's not about the heat, it's the principle of discriminatory dress code.
Anyway you can post your Linux kernel boot output? The 'dmesg' output since bootup. It would show which cores were initialized. Also the output of /proc/cmdline if available.
The classic "tragedy of the commons"! So in a way we need YT to continue what it's doing, to keep Vimeo good. Do you remember when Facebook was like Vimeo, and Myspace was like YT. It doesn't take much for the great transition to start happening, mostly all it needs is for YT to become very very bad.
I think containers are a bit too weighted on the DEV side of Devops. It's a nice technology to rapidly develop, but it's not exactly fabulous for the OPs side. For example container security is a nightmare for OPs when DEVs can bundle any insecure library they want into a container. For that reason (and many others) I think it needs to be exactly backwards, OpsDev... Operations needs to provide the container frame work, and the devs have a somewhat easier life because of the accelerated workflow. But never do the devs get to shovel their crap warez into production.
I cannot find any type G fused plug with lamp (after the fuse). But I did find plenty of plug assemblies, and wire diagrams.... so you could just make them.
Replace battery. It's not that difficult, well... I say that in hind sight, but if you watch multiple howto videos, and read on the topic, you will know all the pitfalls ahead of time. It's so much cheaper than replacing, not very difficult (if you do research first), and the satisfaction of a fully restored phone is tremendous.
Here you go: Here is Python3 $ repoquery --whatrequires python3 2&gt;/dev/null | fpaste Uploading (132.4KiB)... https://paste.fedoraproject.org/paste/Nr7P60nOnqRnxiwF4NaRZw And for Python2 $ repoquery --whatrequires python2 2&gt;/dev/null | fpaste Uploading (166.3KiB)... https://paste.fedoraproject.org/paste/rWu1qzY194W1RgBRaMJCoQ You can get a much fuller list by adding `--recursive` to those cmdlines. Cheers!
Wow, it's in the low 30's here in Dallas TX, but Sweden is at a much higher latitude. Very strange to see that high of a temperature. Honestly my assumption was Sweden only reached a comfortable 25 at most. Sry, I stand corrected.
Ask them. If you are at a university, nated, and that ip is blocked.... In the past all it took was an email to the admins to get that is white listed. Same for large corporations, etc.... Was mostly an issue maybe 10 years ago when things were first getting started.
Seems like a fire hazard, or biohazard. All it takes is one person with Ebola or whatever to sneeze.... I'm exaggerating, but you get the idea.
And the mashed potatoes, make you want to twerk.
The exaggeration was Ebola. That is blood born, but influenza is airborne.... But less dramatic.
Don't worry, FreeSync is most likely to become THE STANDARD adaptive sync. Most likely regular TV's will support FreeSync because gaming consoles. Xbox got it working over HDMI, and the rumor is PS4 will too, eventually. For the PC G-Sync will probably become a premium item, because it cost more, and in theory can do more.... it's based on an FPGA, so it's potentially more flexible &amp; capable.... but since it's so expensive there is a huge pressure against it.
Yep, exactly. I'm not holding my breath for carbon nanotubes. At this point only a few crude molecules have been demonstrated to behave like a transistor, but there will never be any kind of Lithography process where nanotubes chips can be printed en mass. Nanotubes chips would be more like growing crystals in a controlled way. Slow, and bespoke. More likely is silicon and carbon tubes combine, replacing or augmenting the gallium bits. Who knows....
So your iphone didn't have battery problems? Yeah right.... you simply cannot avoid the fundamental issues with lithium polymer batteries by choosing Hauwei or Foxcon. On the software side Apple has admitted to slowing down their phones to avoid battery problems. Are you really going to keep an iphone for 6 years, seems unlikely. The battery will die, and before that happens the phone will be so slow because of software throttling. It sounds nice on paper, but is unrealistic. Can Google do better with long term support, yes absolutely, three years is about the time most phones fall out of service, but some folks do run a phone marathon.
Take it apart again, reseat all the connectors. Before final assembly connect the battery charger to test if happy. If no luck, maybe install old battery... But only if it was not damaged in the removal.
So, tenkeyless is common for inexpensive laptops. Including the number pad would increase cost. It's simply not in the design dna
That is an interesting hack, i may try that, but really units of measure should not be tired to any locality.
Thanks... you write the truth. things that were already established, but thanks.
I suspect it's still larger than the violin between my fingers.
And what justifications exist for having anybody full-time versus contract? Before you answer, keep in mind the labor laws are adversarial towards large employers, so for them it's perfectly rational to prefer all the advantages of hiring contractors over the disadvantages of hiring full time... So the question then is: what qualities of a full time worker justify themselves over a contractor despite the consequences of hiring full-time?
And that bamboo ladder is dope.
Lies.
He wants to ban your ar-15. Go look at his Twitter.
Reminder, this is Texas.
Do equate firearms with sex toys? You wrote toy's, so just wondering. Are you a pervert? If yes then perhaps you are the kind of person Beto would discriminate against with guns. Just saying.
Good luck with that.
For the audience, lxc is the precusor to docker, and lxd is nonsense created by canonical. They both implement containers, but one is nonsense. You get to decide.
Intel can do 32 core too, if they use their emib technology to glue like AMD infinity fabric. When they start doing that they will probably have an advantage due to their single thread dominance. The 10nm thing is really bad for Intel. Billions lost on the 10nm node that will be written off as they will be forced to abandon 10nm and got straight to 7nm extreme ultraviolet lithography. Intel would be better off if they contacted with tsmc at this point, seriously.
Well written sir.
I would setup DHCP reservations for everything that way you know what's what.
Have you tried using any other desktop environment besides gnome?
When I upgraded to Fedora 28, I had graphics issues. But everything just worked in xfce. You might also try gnome in xorg, instead of Wayland. They problem with gnome is the main thread of execution is overwhelmed, and cannot cope with rendering the screen. It's better in xorg, or using a different desktop environment.
He maybe lives there or knows somebody there. Cops cannot search all the dwellings. So clean get away
Cocaine is a crazy drug. But who says she got hooked on coke as a result of Weinstein? Perhaps because she was a Coke whore, she was 'just his type' ?
Not sure why this is being down voted. I guess people don't know about Coke whores, but even Coke whores can be raped.
&gt; What happens when you edit one of those files? The reflinks are block level reverse mappings. So the edited blocks will not dedupe, but the rest of the file will. So if you were to change the first character of the file, it would only change that corresponding block. I believe the default XFS block size is 4kib, so a small edit would enlarge the reported filesystem usage by that amount (4kib).
I agree with you. I think Intel has made some terrible acquisition choices, and other bad choices. For example killing the StrongARM mobile processor which could have been valuable in the age of smart phones. At this point I think Intel moving into memory and graphics makes sense.. They want to diversify their portfolio ahead of the 3nm limitations of silicon semiconductors. Because, once the industry hits 3nm there is not much more innovation left to achieve. Might see some new instructions OPs added here or there, but no more improvements from node shrink. So they need to diversify right now, urgently, ahead of the industry wide stagnation. Also with PCI-e v4 and v5 standards about to come to the consumer market, now is a good time to jump into peripherals.
It might take decades to replace silicon chips, because other materials exist now, but they are not feasible. For example graphine nanotube molecules can be setup to operate like a transistor. But nobody has demonstrated functional logic gates. The main problem is we can print silicon chips en mass with lithography, but other materials is more like growing crystals.... very slow and error prone. So you're right, 3d stacking with probably happen, and also interconnect fabrics. But with stacking there is heat dissipation concerns, so my bet is on fabrics. Intel has emib, AMD has infinity fabric, and Nvidia has nv-link. It safe to say that if these companies are not working on a fabric technology right now, they might not be viable next decade.
Waiting for peak Wang.
I read somewhere that the people who put this together are looking to make another 5x more powerful. Basically the same computer scaled out.
I guess just give that the IP of your printer, and be done.
The cross play thing is a security issue. The PS4 is a security sandbox, this supposedly keeps PSN free from cheaters, or other unfair advantages like PC gamers using keyboards and mice. Obviously it's also a walled garden, and closed ecosystem for Sony financially. It makes sense to me from many perspectives why this happens. Epic should do the right thing here with account links.
It's an easy DIY fix. There are videos online HOWTO. The parts are reasonably priced.
I think you are correct. The largest obstacle for nation wide legalization is old people. The generation that grew up watching things like "Reefer madness" will never accept recreational marijuana. The thing is old people are always the largest voting block of any election, it's just one of those weird realities in American. All we have to do is wait for the old people to die, and they lose their majority.
Wellness is the term. One can workaholic and achieve wellness. It's possible, but don't confuse what I'm saying with agreement. My personal sentiment is to balance life and work..... Like stop working at 4pm, walk out the door, and do whatever. But I also empathize with workaholics, partly because I work at home doing open source. Any time I'm at my computer, I'm working, and my hobby became a career. That what it's like for workaholics, work is fun, or at least doesn't suck. There is a certain passion, or whatever. Sometimes people have health issues, and it's easy to blame work, but that's a cop out, and application of personal bias.
The code. It's the root working directory for git server.
It was good until now. Have a down vote.
You either need a static route, or a default route.
You can do it, but plan accordingly. And do let us know when you obtain that RHCA. :-)
Jesus might have died on the cross, but he was not a messiah, and his death does nothing to anyone. It's just a bed time story for children. That being said, being Christianity, just like any other so-called religion, is a choice. But I'm not so sure about homosexuals, they say they are born that way, but I'm sure some people choose to be gay, just like some people choose to be conservative or liberal.
Bs.. If a family of four burgel a bank, and get caught, the adults go to adult jail, and the children go with child protective services, or whatever. It's the same exact thing at the border.
Go to the public library, and establish a new email address. Actually setup two emails on different platforms, say gmail and hotmail. You are going to use these email address temporarily, or maybe permanently, but at least until you have a grip on your security. Next, start changing your passwords on all the websites you have a login, and ideally associate those websites with your new email address. Each website must have a separate complex password, so you need to write these down. At first use a pen &amp; paper, but once you get established on gmail you should probably use from free gdrive storage to keep an encrypted file with the passwords. Use Keepass or any of the secure password wallets available online. Anyways, the idea here is to systematically go through all your internet accounts, reset all the passwords, and ideally point them to the new email account. Finally, go to the compromised email account and change the password, AND change the backup email safety thing to your other 2nd email account. Stop using the laptop. Go buy a cheap chromebook, they are super secure FYI, and continue to use the library computers if needed. Next, go to the laptop, and backup your important files to an external usb thumb drive. I'm afraid to say you have no choice but to reformat that laptop computer with a fresh install of your Operating system. I'd recommend switching to Linux, but that's entirely your choice. Same with your phone, backup as much as you can to your free gdrive storage, or a usb thumb drive. Then factory reset the phone. Most importantly, make sure to change the google chrome sync password, and have that be seperate password from your gmail. Also Google has a feature in gmail to see the IP network address from where accessed. If your SO is accessing you will see the pattern emerge in the log file. Also, since you will now be using a new email address you can limit the false positives by only accessing the compromised account from one location.
IF you are connecting via IPv6, then you probably already have a /64 prefix from your ISP. Just use that, and be done. The IP stack won't use the stateless IP's for thing outside local lan, but if so some reason your actually using the synology as a router, then you might want to disable that slac feature.
Fuck you, bad bot.
My only wish is for Saphire Nitro+ to have 3x Display Ports, instead of only 2x (plus 2 hdmi). Because I run a triple display setup, and it triggers my OCD to have any of them on HDMI, because adaptive sync. Please note, I 'm not complaining, it's just an OCD thing... and I'd probably have to use their other Vega 64 product... the "limited edition" or whatever, which does have 3x DP's but only has one fan, and looks like AMD's reference board. (actually I believe Sapphire is the board partner that makes AMD reference boards). Somebody said the 2x HDMI is for VR head-sets, specifically having the VR mirrored on a spectator display. Meh... http://www.sapphiretech.com/productdetial.asp?pid=617BA1E5-736C-4CB6-AB55-58FEA42938D5&amp;lang=eng and http://www.sapphiretech.com/productdetial.asp?pid=B679632D-4931-4156-9DB5-0EFC5453C6D5&amp;lang=eng
Same exact situation here, many 1440 displays but the one on HDMI is 1080, but that is not on AMD graphics (it's my laptop). I was hoping the AMD would graphics would be different. What card are you using?
&gt; ASUS MG279Q Nice! I was looking at reviews of your display, and it's pretty sweet looking. Bummer about the 1080p Doesn't your Sapphire card have three Display Ports, and one HDMI? Looking at this picture it seem like three: http://us.dl.sapphiretech.com/archive/gm/PDimg/Sapphire_201728181011.jpg How is that card btw? And Wow, that water cooler is baller!
This cracks me up way more that it probably should.
YES! Oh god yes, and hell yes, and yes yes! I've never been a fan of this so-called "feature" where the preferences are accessible from the top bar. Presumably this feature was a rip-off of Apple osX. The idea is not without some merit, if all software obeyed this design pattern it would be not so bad, but still not good. For example, I use a triple display setup, so it's really annoying to have an application open in my far right display, but have to move my mouse all the way to the far left display to access the preferences in the top bar. This is a big giant anti-pattern if there ever was one. To make it worse, only a handful of Gnome3 apps follow this pattern, so even knowing where to go for the preferences is mysterious sometimes. I suppose it would suck a lot less if the top bar spanned over multiple displays, so the app menu would go to the display where the app was running. But I suspect that causes other problems. It's good to see Gnome identifying the less ideal features, and snipping them out.
looks great, but did you trim it? I don't see any difference, but it might be the lighting
File a BZ against libinput. Consider running `sudo libinput debug-events` as you tap the mouse pad, and this will help the troubleshooting.
Hi there. I'll try to help. First try this command to verify your dnf files are valid. rpm -Vv dnf-yum python3-dnf dnf-conf This will have the underlying RPM command verify the installed DNF package is happy. However this might not be a complete view of the DNF install. To get a list of all the DNF packages installed you would need to run `rpm -qa | grep dnf` and optionally add some of those package names to the above verification step. I only provided a few for example. So if any of the above DNF files are not happy, you might have to re-install DNF. You can try this, with my example assuming Fedora 28, but please modify where appropriate: rpm -ivh https://mirrors.kernel.org/fedora/releases/28/Everything/x86_64/os/Packages/d/dnf-2.7.5-12.fc28.noarch.rpm \ https://mirrors.kernel.org/fedora/releases/28/Everything/x86_64/os/Packages/d/dnf-conf-2.7.5-12.fc28.noarch.rpm \ https://mirrors.kernel.org/fedora/releases/28/Everything/x86_64/os/Packages/d/dnf-yum-2.7.5-12.fc28.noarch.rpm \ https://mirrors.kernel.org/fedora/releases/28/Everything/x86_64/os/Packages/p/python3-dnf-2.7.5-12.fc28.noarch.rpm You can directly install any DNF/YUM package you want with RPM. Probably I've left out some important package, I don't know... but I hope the example gives you the knowledge of what to do.
Exactly. I'm not sure why Gnome felt the need to rip-off the design patterns of Apple OS-X, which is the only place I can think of where the app menu is in the top bar. And, I don't believe Apple does the same thing for mobile platforms, so it goes...
legally mandated omnipresence
I just bought the 65W version Hades Canyon NUC, and the similar Samsung 970 (not pro version). Yeah I recently heard NVE drives can get hot, and that impacts performance or life-span of the part. My NUC is still on the way shipping, so I'll be watching this thread. I can say I got the lower power version specifically to avoid excess heat. But given the location of the M.2 slot I'm not sure how feasible a heat spreader would be.
Sounds like a personal problem with that other coworker. I'd simply mention this to your boss, so he can "handle" the situation properly. That is to say, good managers defend their good employees, but they have to know when they are being given tasks in a round-about way. That coworker could have asked your manager to solicit you the task or whatever. If that coworker is talking and complain about you, especially to the boss... that person is not your friend, so be defensive. My advice is to be totally pleasant to work with and super nice. Also be very transparent and honest....
&gt; I'm waiting for Linux support so I'm not buying the NUC for at least another 2 months. I'm in the same boat, but I just so happen to be a Redhat employee, and I work on Linux full time. (note: these remarks are of my own, not the employer) Anyways...In the past I've worked on a lot of embedded Small Board Computers, mostly ARM boards, so I'm pretty comfortable pushing forward Linux support on hardware like this. The interesting part will be getting mesa working, the kernel parts are mostly done. I might solicit help from a few of the folks in our graphics team involved with amdgpu support. I've already heard reports of people getting the this CPU working, but those were laptops. When I get mine in, I'll take a look via my thermal camera to get an idea of the heat.
The jokes write themselves.
I think 4.18 is the starting point, yeah. Nothing is ever perfect at launch so we'll see how it goes. I'll be on Fedora 28 with a custom kernel from Linus kernel-next tree, out maybe one of the AMDGPU specific trees. I think a lot of people are waiting actually, for the same reason you are. It's really amusing hardware
I see your a qualitive person, where I'm more quantitative. I'm hoping it can drive 3x 1440p displays for my triple display setup. I got it for all the video ports. Supposedly it can run 3x 4k displays at once.
wow! Even has the 40v yard tools
Naw PapaJohns is not bad at all.
Great write up!
Medical marijuana is nice and all. But the real issue is recreational. Baby steps folks, you will eventually get there.
I'd say do it correctly or GTFO. Had a handsome a nice pair of sentimental cutters, that she proceeds to destroy.... And destroy again in the botched repair. I dunno, I'd be disappointed mixed with bewildered. I guess her heart is in the right place, but too many lapse of judgement. Also, this is why I don't loan out my tools.
Yeah, exactly. I'm an old crusty sys-admin by now, doing Unix since the mid-90's. I was at one time the president of my local area Unix sys-admin user group. A lot of the good ones I have known over years would eventually write their own init system for the lulz. Back in the early 2000's there were a number of folks doing init research and development. If it wasn't terrible ad-hoc dependency graphs (or the lack there of), it was terrible &amp; inconsistent shell scripting in the init-scripts. Of particular note was when FreeBSD implemented RCng (with dependency graphs) several years before systemd, or when Darwin came along with ini files, and most of the other ideas that inspired systemd. Even Solaris, arguably the best Unix around transitioned to SMF. That being said, I've seen a large number of mediocre to low-level old-timer sys-admins who avidly hate systemd seemingly for no other reason than they cannot be bothered to learn it. On the flip side of that, some of the most intelligent people I know avidly hate systemd for legitimate reasons. So when I encounter a systemd hater, I like to spend time to listen to them to findout if they are an idiot or a genius.
What happened to pensions? Were pensions an entitlement or a benefit? In either case, what did unions have to do with pensions? What about IRA's?
how did you run the `dd`? I always do it something like so: dd if=fedora-xx.iso of=/dev/sdX bs=4M conv=fsync oflag=direct This should avoid caches, and only finish when it's done. The most important feature is the 4miB block size because usb drives controlers usually operate in that size. If you still have problem try to boot into a terminal mode to see if that finishes, then it might be a graphics thing.
What graphics hardware do you have? Let's see if we can find any existing bugs with that hardware.
Which Intel integrated graphics, got the details?
Nice side burns. Wish I hadn't kept mine trimmed at the beginning of my full growth. You looks like a man-lion, it's awesome.
So presumably you are dealing with the other driver's insurance. You don't have to do that, you can simply sue the other driver in small claims court. But I'm no lawyer, so your miles may vary. Do your research. Or, keep calling the insurance, and ask to speak to somebody higher up. Do this to the point of absurdity, but be calm and reasonable. You have to be persuasive after all. The thing you have to understand is the insurance company will drag this out long time, that is their game, so you have top decide soon if you are the type to get justice even if it sours your own soul.
If memory serves, the hard part for udev was firmware loading order. Or rather some needed to load before, during, or after the kernel module that 'depends' on them. The kernel folks didn't want to change to rules of loading to accommodate userspace, and thus it became challenging for udev to deterministically load firmware n the right order with respect to module loading. This topic was covered pretty well on lkml, go check it out. As far as Redhat goes, it probably pays the salary of more core developers of open source projects than any other single company. I've never worked anywhere with so many smart people. And, people are people.
Shot (with a taser) for not complying with police orders.
It takes a few years for these things to shake out. I think v4 &amp; v5 will coexist, and at some years from now v3 will phase out, leavign v4 &amp; v5. Anyways.... I'm aware of Cadence peddling v4 NVMe over fabric (ip, fc, ib), and when v5 comes around it will be close to existing DDR4 speeds, so that will certainly change things. The dawn of the age of memory centrist computing is upon us.
Fast network cards, and storage controllers.
I'd go ahead and get the heat gun, and a spare set of replacement covers for bottom chin plastic, and upper camera glass. Just take it apart, and put back together at best, and at worst replace the battery.
Excellent tip
Huh? WTF! No, the op goes to small claims court in the area where the OP lives. Western Digital would have to send a company representative to the court, not a lawyer, rather a manager type employee because lawyers are not allowed in small claims court. It's unlikely WD would show, resulting in default judgement.
I have the Hades canyon, and run Fedora 29. I use the TB3 and DP to drive three 1440 displays at 75Hz. It works fine.
Doesn't matter the location, thieve are everywhere.
jails. Paper of note: http://phk.freebsd.dk/pubs/sane2000-jail.pdf Sun took this, and extended to something called zones &amp; containers. In regards to SMF, at the time (back in the late 1990s early 2000s) it was fashionable for sysadmins, and system developers to play around with the init system, and there were many papers published on the topic. When Apple created Darwin, it was a chance for the FreeBSD developers (who they recruited) to implement a dependency graph approach to init, instead of the lexical scoping/collation of the shell. There was a lot of this kind of thing happening, so it's hard to point fingers as to where systemD came from. But it's always amusing to see Linux people try to accuse the systemd developers of straying away from the traditional Unix KISS protocol, when the developers of Unix have done exactly that.
I still say Czech republic, because Czechia is a) not used by any actual Czech people that I know, and I know many. And, b) is confusing because it sound very similar to another place called Chechnya.
This is why I have switched to the three finger salute.... one for the pink, two for the stink. But sometimes I'll use the fisting sign, where I simulate how I fist-fucked them last night.... so much more symbolic than the middle finger-bang gesture.
As with most tech companies, once they get bought... the mojo evaporates.
&gt; Eventually these companies in India/Malaysia will wise up that they're doing all the work and someone else is taking a substantial wodge of cash. They are doing this already. These are the companies principally owned by Indian owners, but have firms in over seas markets, where they subsidize the work visas for Indians who are effectively indentured servants.
The mechanical keyboard is an original 🍒 cherry mx (silent black) g80 keyboard, modified with tall pbt keycaps. The four orange keys are custom vi arrow keys mapped to hjkl. The real keyboard, lol, is a Novation bass station II. I've been doing research into daws, and Linux audio in general. I normally use Ardour + jack, but recently I upgraded to Harrison Mixbus (commercial version of Ardour) as it was on ridiculously cheap Black Friday sale recently, like 80% off. But I probably like Bitwig the most, but cannot afford the $300 price right now. I've also tried Reaper recently, which is very inexpensive, and still haven't formed an opinion yet. It's workflow is not as smooth, but seem very capable. Anyways, I'm probably going to package all these DAWs on flatfub soon, that's the "research" part ... I'm no musician. There are a ton of virtual synths, and other fun plugins, in the repos. You don't need a controller really.
The keyboard remark was a joke, the real keyboard was the synth.... Keyboard... Lol. I should have used the sarcastic symbol /s The mechanical keyboard is this: https://www.cherryamericas.com/cherry-g80-3000.html
They certainly do have that config. https://shop.easymountlcd.com/EZM-Deluxe-Hex-Monitor-Mount-Free-Standing-up-to-28-002-0023-002-0023.htm I used to run adjustable monitor arms, but I'll never go back once trying this type of Ridgid mount. The only disadvantage is the larger base plate, or smaller base that goes through the wood grommet. My current set uses c clamps like yours does, because the lower weight
The cherry silent black switches; They are rare to find, I'm not sure why, only a few pre-built keyboard seem to have them, or one can make their own from parts. yes, they are the most quiet, ridiculous quiet for a mechanical keyboard, it's almost unnerving to use at first. But I do many video conferencing, and quietly type not bothering my co-workers on the other side. Yep, actually I did similar with Bitwig Deb, it's just a tarbal, easy to extract...... And easy to make flatpak. 😎 Bitwigs has multiple display mode, FYI... Which is very nice for setups like yours.
probably, yes. Do you have a soldering iron, or any aversion to replacing that part?
Of course, those older machines were built well, and can be disassembled and put back together. I'm sure there is a video in YouTube where a guy did something similar. Like moved the big table separately.
That seems reasonable, but when the usb is not present, the firmware should slide to the next bootable drive. Can you say for sure that is actually happening?
Are you processing arbitrarily small amount of data?
Oh nice ad hominem, and you didn't explain how there is no security hole. You might say I lack knowledge, but you seem to only demonstrate multiple fallacies. I wrote this because it's true.
Did you miss the part about perfect end to end encryption?
And it could simply be fused to fail fast. I see no big deal here.
Oh crap, wish I could help. I literally just googled for 7580x1440 wall paper, and it came up.
Totally, sure... Give me about an hour or so to respond.... I'm currently on mobile.
Oh, welp.. sry, my bad.. Here, let me just upload that for you: https://imgur.com/giHXbQz
Yeah, fundamentally this is corporate warfare... which in the mega scale might resemble actual warfare, but the meaning does usually imply or entail subterfuge, intrigue, lies within lies, cloak &amp; dagger, etc.. So yeah, declaring war would kinda sucks, because the corporation didn't have to declare war to get the corporate office. seems like a straight forward imbalance.
