Pretty good argument. Especially when your ex-teammates are killing people and letting the air out of footballs. Much harsher crimes.
Because it's WDAZ and everyone working there is 22.
That's because she was a lesbian so they always flirted with the fact that she was a dude.
Yes that is very much in line with the whole meta theme.
It's the complainers who never leave Reddit. They've seen it all. Twice.
Frankly, our world needs more of this. Kids need to know they're wrong. There's too much acceptance of inaccuracy amongst today's youth, all for the sake of not hurting their feelings.
*Outta the way ewe!
Bullshit. I call bullshit on your nonsensical karma grab.
Honestly though, having read the book, this is a great casting. I read it before they announced that there was going to be a movie and the entire time, I thought of Donald Glover for that role. The nerdy cool guy who just kind of hangs out in the background and then comes up with THE plan.
Thanks! But don't you have any other technology than VHS?
For your first movie-theater experience ... you choose ... poorly.
I like dinosaurs AND Chris Pratt!!!
Uh, did they give Watney a wife and kid?
Bean plays a NASA nerd back on earth.
This movie needs to be a hard R to keep its humor
Anything that uses the term "post-(insert overarching noun here) society" is hackneyed. But this one actually makes decent points.
It's ok. You're good shit for posting. I'm just playin.
You're in high school, aren't you?
Be David Caruso in "Jade."
A lot of the same people complaining about censorship on Reddit are the same people who don't want to hear what a Republican has to say or what people who don't wholeheartedly agree with them on any issue have to say.
Because women are stupider then men.
Too Asian...
Read the story and do research before posting a comment people. This "story" is a column written for Slate by an environmental activist. The law that Wyoming passed had nothing to do with taking pictures. It had everything to do with "scientists" trespassing on private land -- a huge problem in the state -- in order to do research on public lands. That's it. Is it a poorly written law? Of course. But will you be persecuted for taking a photo of Yellowstone. No. So please, take things with a grain of salt when you read them on the Internet and do more background research than making sweeping judgements and decisions based on one biased column. P.S. I find it funny how everyone on the left is pro-government expansion until it infringes on THEIR freedom. Maybe they will soon get what their cousins on the right have been screaming about for centuries. Less government = best government.
That's a terrible comparison to make for so many reasons.
He should be the ESPN Arthur Ashe Courage Award winner. ... Oh wait...
This was the 90s. These were "bad guys" in the 90s.
Ok....
Hollywood liberals love a man who wants to take all their money away and redistribute it to everyone else. Sounds about right.
Good to know that this mother fucker has a place in this world. We're such a progressive society. How amazing we are.
Actually, it's the First Amendment protecting both of you. The confederate wannabes and the Yankee dandies.
Love how we're getting downvotes for speaking truths that people don't like to hear.
Uh yeah, it's called war for a reason, albeit a war of arms races and spy games. If the U.S. would not have flexed superior might, you may not be here. Think about this.
Should have had a picture of Dean Pelton and Chang.
Brett Dalton, if you didn't close the deal, you're dead to me.
Wrong. It's out now because it's privately owned and the landowner got tired of people being on his land without his permission.
Patterson Lake's Crooked Crane Trail is about to get a huge revamp too, so that'll be nice.
Bernie Sanders supporters? Haaaave you met Reddit?
AWESOME-O!!!
Gotta love Vox's dig at Fox News in there. Everybody was reporting on that when it happened. Fox just got there first while the other networks were busy stroking Obama's dick.
Clearly you've never been to Chicago.
I know a girl from college who is in one of those Blue Cross Blue Shield "take the stairs" commercials. They're so cheesy, yet surprisingly well done.
That seemed like a lot of work for a gif.
Jesus.
Girls who want to watch dudes with abs run around slaying stuff? Sounds normal.
At the time, the CGI was solid. It's all we had man!!! But yes, I remember going to MKA the day after Thanksgiving with my dad while my mom shopped. I was disappointed but not as much as I'm sure he was.
Why does every pretend to hate Grown-Ups? Those movies grossed like $500 million combined.
At this point, it really couldn't hurt.
Well you'd want to change your name too if it sounded like an adorable dog breed.
First thing I thought was "and this is why we can't ever wholly get rid of petroleum-based vehicles." Electric fire truck? Dead.
I love chicks that wear that brand of bikini. The boob coverers (scientific term) look like little eyes that I am forced to stare at.
Remember when dogs couldn't see TVs?
Can I mention how great it is that Redditors refer to tips as such. And not fucking "hacks." I don't think there's a thing I hate more on earth than the usage of that word.
I really liked FGL. And then I saw them in concert. It was a good performance but you could tell they were high and maybe drunk.
No. Fucking change. They're why aliens won't make contact with us.
Man or woman?
Run.
FDR didn't get us into a war until thousands of Americans died first. Same as GWB.
Well, considering most of the characters were created by Jewish white guys....
How about the Native Americans, Syrians, Finnish and Australians? Where are their directors? Where are their superheroes? See how far the rabbit hole goes?
Bacon hung dong in Wild Things too. For Matt Dillon and no one else. ... The 90s were a strange time.
Difference: Trump's wife's plastic surgery was paid for with earned money.
Boom's over dude. Everyone went home except the C-squad strippers, the heroin addicts and the Africans. Keep in mind you get all those things in Fargo too. But it has a JC Penney in an actual mall.
He wakes up every morning and makes the decision to wear that fucking earring.
Yet he functions like Simple Jack.
I used to play video games until I was about 28. That's when life took over. Wife, kids, hyperactive dog, job with way more responsibilities, more time needed to care for my physical appearance and well-being now that I'm past my prime. It all adds up. And while at the end of the day, I'd love to play Madden for 3 hours, what the hell am I gaining from it? Is finishing Star Wars Battlefront going to make me a better person? I also feel that games have become too expensive and force you to be far too engrossed in them to enjoy them. It's why I always tended to buy sports games. I didn't have to spend 5 hours playing them to accomplish something. I am afraid that I'm going to have kids that beg me for video games and that they're going to become loads in high school like I was if I give them whatever new gaming system we have by them. And worst of all, I'm going to want to play it too. I want my kids to experience nature, get good grades and exceed at life.
And then you learned he had a bigger dick then you?
So those are the players we AREN'T getting. Because when has a mock draft ever been totally correct?
You're getting downvoted for telling Reddit idiots the truth about their most recent deity. Sorry.
Sorry to hear you have trouble kissing someone. And your friend was actually probably a little weirded out that you didn't kiss him but you sucked his cock. No matter. You seem to be OK overall. You just need to see a therapist and get past this hurdle and you'll be right as rain.
They did. It's called free agency. It didn't help.
He revealed their closely guarded secret.
Went through this recently during a water line break. Get hands dirty fixing something after the water has been turned off. Better go wash my hands.
Winnick is dynamite and near perfect for the role (she's a real-life martial artist and looks the part). But she would be 40 by the time the movie comes out. Doubt Marvel pulls that trigger.
We've had oil since the 50s. We also produce a lot of the food people eat every day. North Dakota: Being quietly useful and not taking any credit for it since 1889.
Durum is pasta dipshit.
They're republicans. As long as it's working, they see no need to meddle or learn specifics of how something works. They prefer to leave the tech stuff to the tech guys and focus on bigger issues.
https://imgflip.com/gif/djjrg
I don't either. But thing is, Coogler earned his stripes. He got this off skill. Not solely because of his skin color.
Design me one then and let's have some fun.
Clearly you don't understand the concept of humor or movie references. Which is normal for this site, I guess.
Most Are
How did you do the ads?
Margaret Phelps... ahemmmm, I mean Jed York... will never let that happen.
But they didn't do it for Russian studio.
You can't disturb the Sanders Reddit hivemind. The mods are too powerful.
I'm I the only one who sees a Hydra influence here?
^This man knows what he's talking about. It's true. How many good pass rushers do you see dangled as trade bait? Ever?
As a North Dakotan, I watch all these snowdiving gifs and videos, then I wonder how they handled their hypothermia and/or frostbite.
Well they had to get Lewis Black in there somehow.
I'm a republican and these guys can go get fucked by Obama's small black dick.
I like Johnny Galecki as an actor but man does he look like he'd be a tool in person.
And then the Qatari government sues FIFA over all the stadiums they built and can't use. Oh well, I suppose they wouldn't really be used after 2022 anyway.
"We can't just leave him like that."
What do you? Census? Vacuum salesman? Nomad Prostitute?
That's the gag.
I'd say he's the best party rocking tight end the league has ever seen. http://www.sportingnews.com/nfl-news/4644012-rob-gronkowski-las-vegas-birthday-celebration-gronk-cake-smash-new-england-patriots
It don't. He country will be better off if we're not trying to elect a socialist who wants to tax the hell out of everyone and destroy the upper class. Because when no one has incentive to succeed, no one shall succeed. That and Congress would keep every single stupid idea Bernie has from every becoming reality. A president is not a king, despite what you children have grown up thinking thanks to Bush and Obama.
How do you have cows with calves and not have a warming room in your barn/shed?!?! You know how many calves' lives that saves?
Is Blake Jenner the dude sticking his dick in her in those tasteful pornography photographs she has floating around?
This effort failed. Wonder why?
Try 80s
South Dakota takes its wrestling seriously. But also with a side of humor.
The 90s were pretty kind to the gays. I'm not sure what you're talking about with that reference.
Paris.
Sounds like a r/RickandMorty/ moment.
Chick, who at 14 was already a stunner, basically threw herself at me for months and I didn't act on it like a stupid 14-year-old.
A study came out that these images were exaggerated. http://www.thedickinsonpress.com/energy/gas/3763656-study-shows-bakken-natural-gas-flare-satellite-images-arent-accurate
Sometimes I wish people worried about more than shit like this.
At least 2. Wentz put a quick pass on an open bubble screen in his hands and he flat dropped it.
Jodie Foster, is that you?
No one got your joke. #zombieland
I prefer to think Danny Cordray is still out there making deals for a paper company.
She should be. It made her insanely wealthy and it's not like she's getting any meaty roles these days.
That sounds like a season of a Entourage.
But when that shit came out, everybody loved it. It was the biggest movie of the year.
Edge of Tomorrow wasn't his fault. It was the title. Awesome movie. He's good in it. Terrible marketing. "Live. Die. Repeat." would have been such a great and unique title for a movie. But some focus group assholes and the studio cunts who believe in them thought differently.
I just remember how Resse screwed Paul Walker and then they become colored. As in not grayscale.
Now we know Zach Snyder's handle. Or at least some WB studio lackey's handle.
Marrying the woman I'm married to and not making a move on one of my good friends who still looks at me like she wants to have my babies.
Did the same at 15 on a flight that was less than half full. Came back to my seat and my parents were like "are you OK?" They thought I got sick. Apparently my face was also very flush.
Well it was on a tennis court....
They had a nanny cam and watch your video to this day, I guarantee it.
Seth MacFarlane doing this surprises no one.
I'm just happy we're finally giving Dragan a chance. Someone got to Earl and told him "Don't leave the #4 pick on the bench when you're terrible. Just play him. Who cares?" Turns out he's decent when allowed to touch a basketball.
Groot?
Exactly. You don't just go to the Black Hills to see Mount Rushmore. You go to Deadwood, Sturgis, the Caves, Wall Drug, Keystone, Custer State Park, Badlands National Park and all the other touristy crap they have now. Even Rapid City's downtown is pretty cool. Mount Rushmore is the thing you go there for. Everything else is what you remember.
Should have never gave up that Lakers pick. Ever.
Straight up for Jimmy Butler then?
Say "fifth consecutive year". It's much more accurate.
Stay at Teddy's in Watford. It's fairly new and has a bar/lounge that rivals one in any major city.
That's what they are actually living in there. Do you think there are buildings there? No. it's on a river bottom.
Spoiler: If she wants to fuck him, she's going to fuck him.
.... Rated PG-13.
Upvoted for referring to Boulder as hoighty-toighty. Truer statements are rare.
Roscoe being Roscoe.
She's made of at least 4 percent lab-manufactured materials.
I won't take credit for this because I saw it somewhere else, but it's too good not to repeat .... Seems like a good fit. He already has experience losing to Wisconsin.
"Small but cozy. Adequate service. Expected more but still satisfied." 5/10
It's always good when lawmakers understand, um, law.
You have a smart father.
Are you me?
Hardaway, Kidd, Googs, Majerle, Barkley, Nash and Stoudemire.
Everyone is bitching about the customer here. But as a server, you have to read your customer as well. Are they old fashioned? Call him sir and call her ma'am. Are they young and hip? Be casual as hell with them and they'll appreciate it.
You should like an actual GM. Who do you work for?
Negan's group in The Walking Dead has free healthcare. The doctor doesn't get paid either.
No matter what the media or the liberal agenda-driving Internet folks try and tell you, the vast majority of Americans find transgenders very, very taboo.
Was he, um, preparing?
Hard or Soft?
So basically Mac from It's Always Sunny?
He actually masturbated with Gerald while naked in a hot tub during a meteor shower party.
How about you donate money to the actual clinics there are there. Not one that'll be gone in a few months.
Post this on r/Minneapolis and watch the karma roll in.
They ain't killing shit. They're peacocking. And we all know peacocks can't fly.
The way they've been talking lately, it appears farmers aren't on the table for these folks. Which is ironic because the more they bitch about them, the greater the chance food won't be on the table for them either.
Until they set the village on fire.
I'm convinced we could get Watson at No. 34 overall.
Jesus Christ, put us all on Mountain time like we're supposed to be then. The sun doesn't come up in Bismarck until like 8:30 am in the fall and winter and the sun doesn't set til like 10 pm in summer.
"Deeply ashamed" huh? So like Black Lives Matter folks? Or maybe you're talking about the millions upon millions of people who dropped out of the workforce. Ooooh no, it's the family of Chris Stevens.
Reagan won 49 states for a reason.
Yeah, The National Anthem sucked me right into this show and started a binge.
The cast has me afraid for Valarian.
I think we wait until the second or third round and get someone like the Wyoming QB. Someone who can develop under a veteran while we suck for a couple years and rebuild.
Cheeky fucker.
I love the western script from the 80s. It is very much a part of AZ culture and I like what you did in making that western script a little more modern. I actually like the modernized 80s version better than the modernized 90s version.
PG is basically Grant Hill but not at the same time.
Custom on the spot? I did not know that. Next time I'm in state, that gets added to my list of stops.
Well yeah. People forget that 15 years ago, big men were in school for 2-4 years. They were only one and done's if they were outstanding. So these guys are coming into the league as men who had a chance to develop in a minor league. Now they are boys who have yet to develop coming into a league that expects them to be good by the time they should actually be rookies. And the problem is, their talent level has actually not gotten that much better. They are just a little more athletic. They don't know how to shoot better. They sure as hell don't know how to play in the post better. But they sure can dunk better. Like that really wins championships.
I'm a Trump supporter and I try to remind my fellow Trump people as often as possible that once upon a time Monica's blue dress was considered "fake news."
This is good schadenfreude.
I stupidly bought Guardians without the digital copy. If anyone has an extra they'd like to share, I'd be very appreciative.
I like the gross overgeneralization in the headline.
I think they're both Hufflepuff.
Maybe just play the regular season and don't get fancy about it.
Actually this is Steve Buscemi as a young man. http://m.imgur.com/gallery/VAeA885
Yeah i know. He will likely rise. But you never know.
There's no wrong way to do it right on r/the_donald. You're welcome to join anytime.
Please explain how so then. If you can tell me how stupid I am, then fucking correct me.
Cuz she's a cute bisexual who is fucking her way to the top.
It's not awesome that I look out the office into the dark at 9 am like some Alaskan.
How dare you question Point Break with Cars and Minorities?
It's ok. It knows not what it does. It was raised in an era of narcissistic values and lack of respect. Edit: Why all the downvotes? Surely it's not because I referred to OP by a specific gender. I know how you children dislike science and enjoy idiotic niceties.
If that person is the same age as me (male, early 30s), I hope I never interact with them because they clearly don't understand the significance of that day. That day changed the world and set us on the course we are currently on. I was a senior in high school. It was the scariest day of my life up to that point -- particularly because we were all are of draft age and had no idea what the future held for us. Thank god it didn't end up that way, but i will forever try and educate people who throw around 9/11 as a joke that it was an incredibly serious and devastating event.
Dude is getting downvoted for facts. You people are idiots.
"Against their will" is total bullshit. Yeah, a few went against their wishes but most signed up and were ready to do what they were told to in service of their country. And here's another thing: many men signed up before being drafted because they wanted to fight. They wanted to be a part of it. Remember that Pearl Harbor had a HUGE impact on the US psyche in those days. Thousands of sailors ambushed and killed. (Also men who weren't drafted.) It was a different time in which service to your country meant something. Now, people are praised for their YouTube videos whole military members are looked down upon. It's a sad time really.
Yeah. Tony Robbins cursed him with his giant jaw.
This actually happened to me once. Was a girl who had a kid. She didn't date anyone because she had a great job and tried to balance her kid too. She literally had no time for a boyfriend. We talked a lot and hooked up a couple times but ended up going out separate ways when I realized she would always choose her kid and job over me. We are still friends. But I've moved on and have a family while she remains single and seems to go through that whole song and dance with other guys a couple times a year.
You must live north of The Wall.
Actually we are one of the most energy-friendly states. Want to drill an oil well? OK. Want to put up a wind farm? Just get the landowners' to go along with it and you're all good. Want to mine coal? Sure why not. Get it while you can.
Yeah I'm a Trump supporter and even as a hobby photographer I looked at this and went, "Huh, this is odd." It's unique. That's all I can say about it.
Starring Glenn from Walking Dead. As long as he is healed from that head injury suffered on set.
I don't think the Obamas had poor family values. Just a selfish dad.
Now that's a fucking mic drop on this election.
Someone please balance this out with some Rob Schneider.
Two actors in the same play that just had an audience member walk on the stage and get the standing ovation they never got.
I kinda want to downvote your comment just to keep you from hitting 5 stars.... is that a meaningful reaction?
You mean some actors are actually working this weekend and not marching in a protest? Good for these guys.
I was just kinda being saucy because it seems like most of our "heroes" from Marvel movies were busy protesting this past week. However, I feel like a lot of them don't realize or care that millions of us who watch their films (and buy tickets to their movies, their action figures, etc.) voted for the people they don't like, and we don't want them telling us how stupid we are. It's beyond insulting. I love many of them as actors but I feel like they're so insulated from their fans that they don't understand why so many of us don't care to see them out there doing that, and are seriously considering not watching their films anymore because of it.
Soros isn't even Black Mirror level. He's a straight-up Bond villain.
I worked for a newspaper, there's no money in charging you to buy a newspaper. And also, they do kinda do that. It's part of why the Sunday paper costs more. Because it costs more to mail with all the ads.
So glad this actor is out of office.
The amount of personality the NBA had in the 80s was actually really great. You had a great chance of watching two guys punch each other and then shake hands at the end of the game and do the same thing the next time they played. Also, much better fundamentals.
You act like he hasn't ...
You mean Meme War II? That begins in late 2019.
.... the smell though ....
Can't stand this.
Not much to do here in winter bud. Try us in the summer when it's not so ... white.
It takes quite a bit to get impeached, let alone removed from office. You have to remember that Obama said shitty things about his political opponents. He just wasn't so blunt about it. He said it with a lot more finesse.
The last sexist we had in office was Bill Clinton and all you fools act like he is just some chill old man. HE JIZZED ON AN INTERN'S DRESS AFTER SHE SUCKED HIM OFF UNDER THE DESK IN THE OVAL OFFICE.
It's amazing how bias Black Mirror fans are. Especially after 8 years of a fascist administration that marginalized everyone by race and sexual orientation, and then told them they were making their lives better by that. All the while neglecting to admit that it just basically reinvented segregation.
So basically whoever we voted for in November, we were getting one of the Lizard People?
If you think Bernie was going to beat Trump, you clearly don't understand that the Midwest doesn't like Communism.
We just need to find a QB and he doesn't need to come in the first round. Remember that.
Yeah people forget Brady grew up a 49ers fan.
So I once looked up who she was dating. That Patriot made me ashamed of what I have done so far in my life. In summary: She's so hot she basically dates Captain America.
I thought I heard a while back that he was actually a closet conservative. Must be a Ted Cruz fan.
Steelers we're very low energy.
Maybe they should bring back Trump. I mean, they did help get him elected.
Can't make fun of Ted Kopita?
Western North Dakotan here. South Dakota Mines is legit as it gets. They are basically the MIT of the Midwest.
"Conservatives enjoy one of my products? Let's kill it."
Tom Brady needs to win the Super Bowl, retire and run for her seat. Landslide for a true Pede.
Yeah. Basically.
Just like his old friend Bill Clinton.
No he didn't. That's an incredible lie and a 50,000-foot view of what really happened. https://www.cato.org/publications/commentary/no-bill-clinton-didnt-balance-budget http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2012/feb/6/clinton-gingrich-and-the-balanced-budget-myth/
I have actually studied the JFK presidency and this is what I tell people: Just because he got killed doesn't mean he was a great president. He could have been but he had a lot of problems as well. He had more than one affair too. Marilyn was just his highest profile affair. And yes, I am a Trump supporter. I did pick a side. Your argument is invalid. And when you call a person 12 on the Internet, it's pretty clear you're close to that age.
I man enough to say I stand corrected.
Where are you from fellow North Dakotan?
I've said it before and I'll say it again: Greatest Lesbian Love Story of our Time.
They already knew where they were going years before Obama put the kibosh on it.
Minot was anhydrous ammonia.
Can we get some high school coaches in there to help Earl Watson call inbounds plays in the final seconds? That was the worst inbounds play with 12 seconds left I've ever seen. Edit: Wiggins is legit. That shot was clutch.
You got your wish.
Your men's basketball coach is a tactical genius too.
Oldie but a goodie.
How could you understand him with all the cocks in his mouth?
I'm predicting this will be the lowest-rated oscars in years.
Grumpy Old Men In That Pussy
I would have stood up, said "this class is racist against white people and you should all be ashamed," and marched directly to the administration office to file a complaint. Beat these fuckers at their own games. That's what they would do to you in the reverse situation.
Beat me to it.
Oh there was plenty of PC young Padawan. But not at these levels.
I am a r/the_donald member and have an English degree. The number of spelling and grammar errors on that subreddit aren't any greater or less than the rest of Reddit. Also, you guys are really reaching and it's getting sad.
"Snowflakes" don't used intelligence and logic. We are what the masses refer to as "based."
This is what you do: Have multiple conservatives make written complaints. Then you identify one based journalists -- trust me, they're out there, only hiding in plain site -- and you tell them to make an open records request for the complaints on the diversity class.
This is just plain old racism.
Well he's be a pretty bad businessman if he didn't have business connections in the non-banned countries. They are good trade partners.
I wish I had $40 million to pay unloved losers without lives to sit on Reddit message boards all day and downvote posts. Think about that for a minute and realize we have reached this point as a society. It's disgusting.
Do you want to start a Civil War? Because this is how you start a Civil War Obama!
What EPL club do you support and why?
Horribly inaccurate. The other lady was a republican. Tim Kaine is not a Republican. Not. At. All.
And in Texas no less. For a pussyhat, that woman sure has some balls.
Yeah, and we have those now. Hint: They don't work either.
When I joined Reddit a few years ago, I learned very fast that my conservative opinions had no place on r/politics.
Oil is here to stay as long as there are humans on this planet who need cars, trucks and tractors. And it's the last one people often forget about. You can make all the cars and trucks you want that run on electricity or some alternate form of energy. But tractors need POWER. And right now, nothing else can give them that power they need aside from internal combustion engines.
Sounds like he didn't lose anything but an entitled little child who calls his father and his president fascists, but goes as far as to ostracize those who think differently than him to a point where their opinions are no longer admitted in his presence. Ironic, isn't it? Long story short: If you're willing to sacrifice family over political beliefs, you shouldn't be allowed the fortune of being part of a family. You, sir, are the problem with this country. Someone thinks differently than you and you can't handle it to the point where you completely sever ties with that person -- in this case your father for Christ sake. Get over yourself. Stop putting so much stock into your country and world leaders. I've met some of them and they're not the glorious lifesaving (or life-destroying) world changers your hold them up to be. And they're absolutely not people to lose your family over.
I was just going to recommend Epic too.
Imagine Dragons - Believer. One of he oddest song choices I've heard in a while but it did grab my attention.
I can see your hair is trying to escape. Probably because it realized that it stands a better chance at survival without you.
D2 is FAR superior to Juco. I used to be a sports reporter and saw many Juco guys flame out fast at the D2, D3 and NAIA level because the organization and game-planing at the four-year level was just so much more superior and intense than it was at junior college, where they were there to basically play ball, get Cs and play organized street ball. Often, the talent couldn't translate to the more organized system.
The Ravens are just trolling us 49ers folk now.
Looks like the sky highway from Back to the Future Part II.
North Dakotan here. Ours are going away from the Indian Chief to simple one of the entire state. It looks terrible and the old Indians are upset about it.
Except, you know, he was fired and didn't say anything that will end up causing Trump to be removed from office. It's all political posturing and an attempt by Comey to save his legacy and make millions on a book deal. Edit: I loved being showered in the downvotes of morons who can't contribute to the debate other than to shout down my political views. You keep doing that. Meanwhile, my side will keep fixing our country piece by piece.
Yeah, he really named that Jaden Smith look.
You just made me realize that both guys who played Johnny Storm now belong to the MCU.
Drive anywhere but ND sometime. We have great roads. Seriously, go to Montana.
Tim Duncan will just swim off the calories.
Explain?
Yep. That's a trend dating back to the late 80s. Nothing new.
Yeah, until the baby starts choking. Then it's "parenting done dumb."
I would say it's incompetency. It's more "I don't give a fuck." But really, our economy is on the rise, joblessness is falling, we are on the cusp of being energy independent and we have a generation of kids coming up who seem more willing to work than play for the first time in 75 years.
Are you sure this guy isn't some fictional character made up for a movie? Does he also have a tragic backstory from his teen years that we're going to lead about toward the end of the second act?
I still like to think the reason Obama kept using ISIL instead of ISIS is because he was an Archer fan and he wasn't going to let some middle eastern scumbags ruin one of his shows.
I understand that these are smart kids and all, but how about allowing them to come to school with an open mind and heart instead of stuffing agenda disguised as "learning about the human experience" down their throats before they even get in their door? They're going to get enough of that in their general studies courses before they get down to the real business of taking courses that are going to allow them to grow into productive members of our society. Plus, the fact that any university wants students to read a set of books -- two fiction and one hypothesis -- before entering the university only tells me they don't trust that the kids will come in knowledgeable and willing to learn.
North Dakotan here: These boys goin' fishin'. Can't go hunting until at least September. There are rules.
Alex Smith.
Well yeah, because they're all just big-boned wide receivers.
I like how that guy blamed Ken for a role he played in the movie. And not the parents of the children who are letting their kids watch the hangover at age 9.
Um, Google "Antifa".
Looks like Myles Morales.
We have inherited many of these from my parents. They are made so much better than the Tupperware today.
Looking back, he sort of looks like a Guardians of the Galaxy character.
I'm a 49ers fan. He needs to go play in the CFL on the eastern side of Canada where his socialist communist liberal attitude will be appreciated.
Trust the Process.
Took my kids to the zoo. Saw a wallaby. Asked if his name was Rocko. They said no. I sighed. My kids looked at me confused.
The Golden Arcs!
That's a man baby!
I want these kids to go live in the 70s, 80s and even early 90s so they can see what Communism really is/was.
Or "I want this guy to give me his seed. So I'll give him free food, because that's the way to a man's heart."
That's the face of someone who spent a lot of money on nothing.
Or "women" who just happen to have a penis.
I appreciate the plural.
No one at ESPN cares about the irrelevant Phoenix Suns. They care only about the irrelevant LA Lakers and irrelevant Philadelphia 76ers. One makes sense because every douchebag Lakers fan I have ever met is also a douchebag ESPN apologist, so ESPN is just making good business decisions.
I was hoping for Thornwell or Bell.
I don't know about everyone else, but I look forward to the Clippers being a long-term lottery team again. Then Phoenix and the Lakers get better and the Pacific Division is soon back to what it should be.
That puppy is now a Wolf.
They have been in and out for the past 17 years. They are also a rare case of drafting well actually turning into titles.
Not a one of those white dudes made it.
If you like chicken and waffle fries, it's a lovely slice of heaven on earth.
There's definitely more Native Americans than Redskins fans. I'm not for changing the nickname, but a smart lawyer would argue that. Source: Lived my whole life in the Midwest.
I disagree with the majority of people on this board. I think if the guy is good enough, he's going to get draft in a matter what. If it goes out to early, gets drafted and there is a bust, he's labeled the past forever and a team got screwed out of millions of dollars. If he sticks around and he makes it, good for him. If he sticks around and he fails to get drafted, too bad so sad. Nobody owes anyone anything in this world. Especially a multimillion dollar NBA contract.
Now I know why Steve Young had a lot of concussions. He was playing without a helmet!!! Seriously though, this is very cool.
A hall of famer who has never been further than his conference title game and is perpetually on a losing team.
No it isn't fucked up. There's an encyclopedia of failed NBA players at every age entrance. If you're not good enough, you're not good enough. Sooner or later, someone is going to figure that out. And if you don't get paid in the process, then I'm happy about it because the odds thereby increase that someone who deserves to get paid should.
God you're right. I didn't even recognize Heinrich in his Steve Harvey Halloween costume.
He's not a handsome boy. That's for sure.
U/herbreastsaredun thank you for the support and the wonderful username.
Skal is a bum.
Yeah we had a team that legitimately could have made the eastern conference finals and didn't make the playoffs in the west. It was surreal.
He's white. He had long hair. He sweated a lot.
Freeform is a bastion of liberal ideals and beliefs that is thrust upon our youth like propaganda.
NBA Inside Stuff was a great morning wrapup to TNBC too.
So you're saying people are tired of the homosexual agenda being pushed down their throats like a veiny, throbbing penis?
That's Brick from The Middle.
Fuckin Free Willy man. That kid peaked so young. So did the whale really.
He's a skinnier, more athletic Jon Bender. He'll start for a while, play alright and finish an uneventful career leaving people wondering why they thought he was such a promising prospect in the first place. He'll never be an All-Star and he's not going to be part of some young squad that takes the Kings to the next level. He was barely good enough to play for Kentucky. I don't think you guys see how often this happens in the NBA. The media builds a guy up, he plays OK in college and then gets drafted high on his potential. Then he has a few good games, just enough to establish hope that he'll be very good to great one day. Then eventually that day never comes and you're left with a player, who by his mid-20s has shown he came out of school too early and skated by on athleticism and "upside" instead of actual skill. Meanwhile, others are passing him by. Sure some team will take him in. Probably a perpetual cellar dweller or a contender who'll have him come off the bench. And that's not what you want of a lottery pick.
He fell because scouts and GMs saw that he wasn't quite ready yet.
Because an alpha male like Hank and an alpha female like Peggy procreated a beta boy in Bobby? Happens every day. Star athletes and smart people have klutzes and dumbasses all the time.
Peggy was not an alpha in the beauty sense but in the physical sense. I mean, dem feet. ... And pretty sure the "Butch" Hill mantle was meant for sports trophies that obviously never materialized. And ever said I was an alpha, but I'm sure as shit not a Beta Bobby.
I don't know. That'd be pretty gay.
Millions of moms ages 26-49 who bombarded the first one on OnDemand services.
This looks surprisingly great.
Oh yeah Mike? But do they play defense?
Something tells me Uncle Drew would not have liked that deal.
I loved Hated in the Nation because it’s a better film than half the stuff that’s released by Hollywood. If you’d have given them a $50 million budget to make that film, it would have sparked a lot of conversation.
You’re not the only one who thinks that. I hate to say it, but so many of their players had no personality. They also focused too much on Winston.
Immortals like Keanu don’t share this fear.
Ok, but then you’re still left with the other at 4. I say all this with the belief that neither is going to light the world on fire right away and will both struggle mightily if they go to Cleveland.
Which hot girl was the most disappointed that she wasn’t really the “hottest”?
I hope the actual photographer of this one gets royalties every time it’s posted on Reddit.
Which was put in place as a barrier against groupthink ruling a nation. Unlike on Reddit where groupthink rules and mods are gods.
Well, yeah, a lot of them did have a little Harvey in them.
Miss this guy.
It’s because he curses so much that it’s funnier and easier to muffle him rather then bleep him.
Yeah mom, we know.
Yeah. That’s not even one section of land.
Even $9 corn from a few years back wouldn’t generate that.
I talked to Dan Savage once. The only ass he was up was his own.
The fact that they got good-looking corn to grow there surprises me.
Monsanto’s not telling farmers what they can and can’t do with their crops though. And all the farmer would have had to do is say, “Sure, I’ll plant you a section of corn for the movie. That’ll be $1 million. Then you can do whatever you want with it.”
Doubtful. It wasn’t sweet corn. That corn was likely used for livestock feed or harvested for ethanol use.
Because he filmed in Canada.
But this still doesn’t explain why combines were out in a GREEN cornfield and why the corn was GREEN in what appeared to be fall. They couldn’t have shifted filming around a few months and filmed the farm scenes when the corn was ripe? Or at least had the appearance of being ripe? I’m not saying it had to be dry, but green corn? Come on.
I was 6 years old when this happened. I cried. I legitimately wept because we lost and I thought Montana — my favorite player whose jersey I had just got for Christmas — was going to die. Even at 6, I was invested in this team.
Well in season one, Steve was the aggressor and Jonathon was kinda repressed. That’s where I was going.
It’d be fun to start a night of drinking by getting into that pickup blaring “I SMELL T-R-O-U-B-L-E!!!!”
I was joking kiddo. Just pointing out she’s probably not dating Arnie Jr.
Don’t lie. We all know she has a girlfriend.
That’s a good way to describe it. It’s also the narrative the “Swamp” is latching onto until it can find real dirt they can use against Trump. Obviously they can’t.
That’s my karaoke go-to. And I’m very white.
Friends In Low Places could easily make that list.
These people do know that the inside of the vagina is pink no matter what race you are, right?
We have Chris Pratt, Carson Wentz and Tom Brady. We’re winning.
He should have said “... immigrants from shithole countries who will come and feed off the American teet while reproducing generations of progeny in poverty or borderline poverty whole voting Democrat and perpetuating the cycle.” But that would have been too on the nose.
As if no president ever used a swear word in front of other politicians. Soooo shocking. /s
Yeah I’m in my 30s. My mom is 70. We’re convinced she would have tried to be an Instagram star if she was in our generation or younger.
MS-13 sure thinks we’re not a shithole.
What’s funny is Winston didn’t even compare to Jimmy, Wentz and Brady this year.
I remember this. This is from back when Super Bowls were traditionally bad games because the NFC was so damn superior.
Annnnd he got arrested. Shit.
I live in North Dakota so I don’t get to see many Suns games on TV, but damn this is some bad basketball. The Rockets too. Just choppy play, poor shooting, and general laziness.
Unless you lived in North Dakota like me. Then you MAYBE had a Native American friend. But pretty much we were all just white.
It literally means a city that has changed it laws to harbors illegal immigrants, whether or not their only crime is simply coming here illegally once or coming here illegally multiple times after already getting deported for various crimes. Sometimes the later even discharge guns that end up killing Americans and get to walk away. They really are a heck of a place.
I worked in media for several years long before they and all the rest of our country went batshit insane. We were NEVER allowed to source people anonymously, because libel laws are rough if you’re wrong and someone decides to come after you for it. Especially someone in a position or power. The best way to source something is to hear it for yourself. If you didn’t and it’s something juicy or as ridiculous as the “shithole” comment, then make sure you source it from the highest sources of trust. Congressional aides are not the highest sources of trust. You may think media is agenda-driven (and many are) but you Congressional aides and staffers are among the worst. They’re young, insanely driven to climb politically and their lives are committed to their Congressman or Senator. They will do or say anything for you to print what they want. Exaggerating and twisting facts are part of this. I never trusted a staffer with printable details until I heard it from their boss.
The left can have Priyanka Chopra. We will take Neetu Chandak.
A daily newspaper that prided itself in the fact that we didn’t want to publish anonymous sources. And no, they are not a “key facet of investigative journalism.” If you have sources that won’t go on the record, that’s fine. But then you make them point you to documents, emails, pictures, anything that will prove what they are saying. If your only way of proving something is an anonymous source with no evidence to back up what they’re saying, then you simply don’t have a source. I wrote some pretty major stories at one point in my career. But the stuff that I sourced and printed only scratched the surface of what I was told had happened. The problem was I couldn’t PROVE most of the stuff that I was being told because there were no witnesses, no documents, no emails. Nothing. It was all hearsay and rumor. The stories still ended up being huge in our community and state, but would have been devastating to many people had 100% of what I was being told proven. And yes, I will admit I wish it was all true because of how huge it would have been. I concluded at the end that some of it probably happened but most of it was indeed rumor and hearsay. And I wasn’t going to risk my career to print rumor and hearsay in a story that was already very big. I wanted it to be completely sourced and accurate. The problem is the media today are in such a rush to make Trump look like an idiot, they will run with anything from any source without taking the literal minutes it would take to fact check and source it. I worked with people who were like that and the sad thing is some of them moved up fast because they made waves with the public. I hate to say this, but media is a failing industry with much less talent than it has ever had in human history. And sadly our society is what pays the price on the end.
It’s like any business. Some years you can make a good deal of money and some years you lose your ass.
Because a bunch of Redditors think they know everything about everything. Why would farming be any different?
Billionaire!?!? You obviously know nothing about farming, ranching or anything related to it.
You don’t really know farmers, do you? If they’re spending the winter months on the couch, they’re not really farming.
That man is country strong.
It seems as if you blew up a narrative. 🎼Crickets.🎼
Is this Constantine’s NYC residence?
The people upvoting this are about as dumb as that character is on Schitt’s Creek.
Is that Adam Driver?
You are in the realm where Obama is akin to God. It is known as Reddit.
Yeah you’re not going to get a decent place for less than $200K in Dickinson.
She just HAD to get political.
I thought you meant Minnesota Duluth for a minute.
You’re a Bulldog! Lucky bastard. I was a Dragon for a brief time.
I like it better now that I think they’re all actually cookies of real people.
Still lucky.
No. It’s just an opposite opinion of yours. God forbid someone has that, right?
No middle class? Where the fuck do you get this nonsense?
Yeah. Hiring Laqua was one of the best moves that university has made in the past 20 years. I was there with Micheli. Great guy. But as a coach he was just not the best, especially since I was there when the NSIC was on the rise and right before the NCC expansion. If we could ever get some more funding for football, I think, at least geographically, we’re set up to compete with anyone in D2. You can recruit all of ND, most of Minnesota (including the Cities), some of Wisconsin and all the way to Sioux Falls. But they need money to do that. And they just don’t have it.
Source: I work in agriculture and farm on the side. Corporate farms don’t produce a majority of grain commodities. That’s just basic fact. Hogs, cattle and poultry are abundant in the corporate farming world, but not commodity production. North Dakota, where I live, doesn’t even allow corporate farming. It’s illegal here. It is the national leader in spring wheat and durum production, top five in soybeans and top 10 in corn. We also regularly lead the nation in the production of dry and pinto beans, canola, oil sunflowers, lentils, etc. None of which are produced on family farms. Major production of crops on corporate farms in other states generally go to feed livestock and produce ethanol.
I don’t agree that it’s vanishing. Vanishing implies abruptly disappearing. You also don’t seem to want to take into calculation the stats that go beyond what the NPR article is regurgitating.
Ditto times infinity.
Well he’s talking about giving black people jobs. Clearly he’s a racist.
If that’s not code language, I’m not sure what is.
God we need to wear those more often. Once a week is all I ask.
Never go to 12up. They’re terrible.
Jonah Hill rocking that Brad Pitt apocalypse look.
I wanna see your scripts then genius.
He reposted.
Is Hank Jr. part of the deal?
Steelheart. It seemed right up my alley and I heard great things about Sanderson. I got through a couple hours and I was like, “Well this is just silly.”
World War Z got me hooked on audiobooks. Unfortunately not all audiobooks are that good.
THANK YOU!!! Top Gun is Navy but people who make jokes and references to the movie probably either haven’t seen it aside from clips, are quoting Archer, or don’t understand the difference.
Gotta make it to $1 trillion somehow.
As a North Dakotan, you should know that you basically just gave all of the Bakken oil and natural gas in North Dakota and Montana to Canada, thereby costing America trillions of dollars in revenue.
Well, maybe I’m wrong? Is the northern border on the 49th parallel?
Im in my early 30s so I’ve seen/remember only two. My brother is a Broncos fan, so that was especially fun. SB 29 was never really in doubt. We knew going in we were going to destroy the Chargers. That team that season was one where very teams in NFL history could have taken us out.
Yeah, if Barkley is around and we pass on him after we win the coin flip with the Raiders, and they get him, we’re going to regret that.
Neither one will be there, so what does it matter?
So how much of that $170 billion is going to go into China to shut down their coal-fired power plants and replace them with hydro or green energy that actually works?
Nazi is a deviation of an acronym for the German National Socialists party. So tell me again which side wanted to vote socialist in the last election so badly that they ran an actual socialist for the presidency? Hint: it wasn’t the Republicans. Edit: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazism
If we ever have to put together a team to save the world, something tells me this guy is going to be on that team.
Yeah, I haven’t met a Coloradan in my life who doesn’t own at least one piece of Colorado apparel with the state flag on it.
Pushing what? FACTS? God forbid we let those get in the way of your keyboard war.
If my wife and I go to Canada and squat there for 2 years without changing our citizenship and then she has a baby born in Canada, my baby is still an American. Why should the US be any different?
Nick managed the last game. He controlled this one.
There’s a word for all that you know....
Logan GOTGV2 WW Spider-Man Reboot Part Duex. Thor 3 Justice League: WTF?
Ahh yes, before someone from his party whispered in his ear, “Hey dumbass, that’s our base.”
If I were him, whatever my Super Bowl earnings end up being, I would invest it back in my new team in the form of a team party or dinner or event of some sort during training camp. Can you imagine how big that would be in the eyes of both rookies and veterans?
Someone watched Spaceballs recently.
In the past 10 years, I worked my way up from making $26,000 a year to around $80,000 total. The difference is I no longer live in a shitty apartment but in a nice suburban home and have an upgraded ride. I am able to play a little bit (we took three decent trips this year) and can sometimes buy “toys”. But we still try to keep it tight because ..... The other difference in the 10 years is I’m now married to a stay-at-home and have kids so things still get pretty tight at times. We don’t do daycare because it’s not worth it and her being with the kids is better for their development. So, long story short, if I was single and making $80,000 a year, life would be much different than it is now. So if you’re single and make good money, HAVE FUN. Because one day it won’t be your money. It will be OUR money.
True. Some dads don’t even acknowledge the fact that they’re dad’s.
The 80s were actually a time of economic certainty for most. The economy thrived in the 80s. This is evidenced by malls and frivolous spending.
OK then, so what about all of these commercials that were in no way political? /s https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/arts-and-entertainment/wp/2017/02/06/the-five-most-political-super-bowl-commercials/?utm_term=.414ffa053577
Rejected because the NFL didn't want to admit it fucked up.
Ok much Batfleck too.
Come to North Dakota. It has to be either 50 below wind chill or whiteout conditions for us to even closing school. Even the wind chill thing doesn’t matter much. It has to be nasty along with those temps to be considered a closure day.
Good picture of Hill Valley.
I like how the one at the bottom is Hel.
What kind of dog is that?
People with guns also protect people. We call them cops and concealed carry licensees.
Because in the US, you can take away all the guns you want but people who want to do harm via gun are still going to find a way to illegally obtain one. Just like they currently do. Also, people have to think about how many of those guns in America are rifles or shotguns used by hunters. I live in North Dakota. Most people here own multiple guns. Why? Because you hunt pheasants with shotguns and deer with rifles. You also hunt with family. So during hunting season, a family of four will easily use eight or more guns because that’s just how it works. No one is killing each other with those guns.
You are just all over the place, aren’t you?
GMOs have their perks. Tasty, delicious perks.
I’m still waiting for RE-PET to be a thing because I love my dog, but there’s one or two tendencies I’d love to genetically engineer out of him when I clone him.
This is the only plot line that should matter.
As a 30-something white guy, I can attest that the dead last is where the 30-something white guy would be picked in a pick up game with a bunch of hyper athletic black dudes.
Justin Hartley played Arthur Curry in the Aquaman pilot that never got picked up. And it was fairly good. It was better than a lot of pilots I had ever seen, and was going to star Lou Diamond Phillips and Ving Rhames as his dad and mentor, respectively. It’d be great for a guy like Hartley, who has paid his dues, to get a shot like Green Lantern. Sterling K. Brown is also a great choice for John Stewart.
North Dakotan here. The feeling is this: Most people in the state are Vikings fans, especially over in the Eastern side, and they’re pissed about how the Philly fans acted during the championship game. One of our biggest media guys (whose sister is a US senator) went to the game as a fan and wrote a column about how he got headbutted. Plus, Wentz is hurt and from what I’ve heard, a lot of people don’t really want to see them win without him. They feel like it negates all that he accomplished this season, and they genuinely feel bad for him.
University of North Dakota is WAY too big. NDSU rules the state in football, especially in the west. Message me for more details. I’d be happy to help and tell you my background as to why I’m a good source.
Salute Your Shorts by a mile. But young Christine Taylor in Hey Dude was glorious.
I think a lot of the old men around here enjoyed it.
Original Bond too. Before he got all broody and sad.
You know what would be a better idea? Firing McDonough and hiring someone who strives for more than mediocrity. While we’re at it, Sarver can sell the team to someone with a wallet who actually cares.
Shouldn’t matter. 12 best players regardless of record. Klay Thompson is the fourth-wheel on a stacked team. The writer is correct when he says he can just sit in the corner and wait for a kickout.
I kinda hate to say it, but yeah. There’s no blue bloods that high in the lottery this year so the chance for the level of rigging we saw last year is limited.
BPA. Regardless of position. We need all the help we can get and we can’t bank on winning the free agent lottery.
Well, maybe hockey. But not much else actually.
Shhhh!!! Don’t spoil the anti-US police narrative they speed from so many dark holes on Reddit.
I called their hotline. Those guys didn’t know shit. Any ideas what it might be?
Oh my god. This is what I’m dealing with. Someone who thinks the country who created the greatest and most powerful free market in the history of mankind, not to mention the one who dictates world trade on a daily basis, creates financial oppression. Give me a break. If you think this is a race issue, just say it. Because that’s what you are making it sound like.
Look at all the Clippers fans who think Sweet Lou deserves this more than Booker.
We could barely get All-Stars when we were winning 55-60 games a year a decade ago. Why should we expect to now?
Dennis Eckersley does not look good. But I’m glad he found a new hobby.
Sounds good. I suppose I wouldn’t want to shut off the breaker when it’s pulsing like that. Just when it’s at normal. I may try that today and I’ll definitely call our electric cooperative tomorrow and see if I can get somebody out here. Thank you for the information!
The free market had propped up literally billions of people. Look what happened to China once they started taking down the walls of Communism and started trading with everyone. Literally EVERYTHING is made in China and their middle class is consistently growing. America’s free markets allow anyone with a will and a way to move their lives forward. The people who believe they’re financially oppressed either don’t have the skill or the will to pull themselves out of whatever rut they’re in. I mean, if you want to be a socialist or a full-blown communist, that’s your prerogative. Just know that in the history of society, neither one has never worked. There has to be class levels in order for a society to move forward. If everyone has everything, there is no innovation. There is no drive. Failure breeds success. That’s just inherent in the human spirit. But hey, if you think cops mediating for one day during a photoshoot is going to change the world, then so be it.
This was the day I became a 49ers fan.
I’m in North Dakota. This is accurate and describes my neighborhood pretty well. Not 4 bathrooms, but 2-3. All houses are less than 10 years old. There’s no multi-family housing or low-income housing in the general vicinity. We’re in a great school district. No home here in my neighborhood is more than $400,000. And those that are in that range are about 3,500 sq. ft. with a bunch of amenities. Oh and I almost forgot the low taxes. And while we’re not by a major city, our city has pretty much everything you need, and we don’t have to put up with bad traffic, areas with high crime rates, or poor school districts. If I want to go anywhere, it takes around 10-20 minutes. If I want to go to a big city, I spend a little money and visit. I don’t need an IKEA down the street and I’d rather drive my Ford pickup and park it in my 3-car garage than live in some overpriced major city just so I can see a few more museums and eat some more exotic food.
I’m not really sure what else you’d call them in the grand scheme. It’s not really pop.
I know a guy from the Bahamas who used to be an Olympic-level sprinter. In his prime he was 6-2, 215 pounds. If he’d have grown up in Florida instead of Nassau, he’d have probably played in the NFL.
They did. It happened in the 90s. The guy on the right would have fit right in with Biggie.
Apparently you’ve never been to the rodeo. This is nothing, even though they don’t use swords when they ride there.
Sometimes I think Ken M is just whoever wrote Chris Pratt’s Andy character from Parks and Recreation.
A sharp, tingling pain on the left side of his back jolted Eric Morris awake. "Ah shit!" he groaned softly as he fought the urge to open his eyes. Not again. Not today.
We haven't made the playoffs for seven years. https://www.basketball-reference.com/teams/PHO/ We have had two .500 seasons in those seven years, one of which we missed the playoffs and probably would have been bounced 4-0 in the first round anyway. The other was a strike season. If you don't make the playoffs for seven straight years after only missing it three times in the previous 21 years (!!!), then you aren't exactly building anything because you're constantly tearing down something that isn't working and rebuilding. McDonough needs to go. Period. It was a good run. He had his shot. Now it's time for someone else to try and get Sarver to open up his checkbook. I have been a Suns fan since 1989. The past three years have been the worst-run years during my time as a fan. Even when we were bad for a couple years in the 1990s and 2000s, two of those weren't even that bad. Other than that, you just assumed we were going to make the playoffs. Now, as the Western Conference has gotten better, we have franchise leadership that seem content to suck for several years in order to build a team that may or may not be respectable and make the playoffs consistently. But they also aren't aggressive in free agency or the trade market. They're so invested in guys who have not proven anything. Why? Invest in Booker. That's it. Everyone else should be considered tradeable. Maybe keep TJ Warren, who I think could be part of a Big 3 if we were able to somehow get a superstar. But we have to strive for more, and right now McDonough seems like he doesn't know how to do that. He says he'll be aggressive, but he hasn't proven that so far in his career.
They hate Trump and anyone who dares associate with him because they grew up believing their guy, the guy who came before him, had no flaws. He was never meaningfully lampooned by entertainment media. He was never meaningfully questioned by establishment media. He was treated as a god king who we, the people, should blessed to have as a dear leader.
Well, maybe 20-25 years ago.
The third kid was like “He can’t possibly hit me too.”
Stop it Kathleen. We’re not buying it.
This can’t be real, approved Marvel Marketing. Paul Rudd’s ass isn’t showing.
How so? The term cognitive dissonance means inconsistency of thought. My thoughts on this subject are pretty damn consistent. My view is that all forms of media used kid gloves with the Obamas and with the Trumps, they’re bringing tanks and cannons. There’s no denying it. We have 10 years of proof. I worked in multiple forms of media for more than a decade and I know how these people live in bubbles through which they don’t see the real world. They believe they see the world through eyes of real people they interview, but they’re really looking through a lense that mostly contains their personal views on any particular subjects, big or small, which is then relayed in that same sense to the public. Most media in this country are under 35. Most think they can change the world with a few thousand punches of a keyboard. Most quit after a few years. The ones that do last are the ones who didn’t have the ability to do anything else. Ok, so on to Trump. Trump may be an idiot when he speaks sometimes but it’s hard to deny what he’s doing is working. The country is doing pretty darn well. I live in Middle America and I can tell you his programs are helping. His policies are working. People are creating jobs. Businesses are adding positions. The only positions that are being cut are in the government. And that’s a good thing! The smaller the government, the better off the people. In the geopolitical realm, the world has again started to treat us like the beast to be feared that we are. Even when Trump missteps slightly, things have found a way of working out. Everyone panicked about the soybean tariffs. And then prices bounced back in about a month. No one wrote about that though. He wants to take SNAP out of the Farm Bill, which is a smart idea. Make it it’s own separate bill and force Congress to stop making these one-stop-shop bills to appease everyone. I could go on and on, but back to my point. It’s getting late. Basically you are just using the term “cognitive dissonance” because you heard it somewhere once. You think because I disagree with you and believe Trump is doing a good job, therefore I must be stupid, or as you believe, cognitively dissonant. Well, hate to tell you this partner but, as stated above, my thoughts on this subject have been consistent for years. Long before Trump came into the political realm and they’ll exist long after he’s gone. Have a nice evening.
Also it should be noted that Area 51 is in Nevada, about 3 hours north of Vegas. Roswell is deep into New Mexico.
Roswell was just the crash site. The bodies, ship and remaining pieces were moved elsewhere quickly thereafter. Most people believe they were taken to Area 51 in Nevada, but that may have been a huge misdirect.
Actually I subscribe more to the population control conspiracy theory. That our top government officials know that there exists easy ways to cure most diseases, but it’s more efficient for the planet if we continue to let people die of whatever natural causes afflict them instead of curing them.
Probably don’t tell her that.
Because Michael Bay knows his secrets. He knows all of our secrets.
Well ....... States rights &gt; Your feelings.
The Rock could be their captain, who is revealed at the end of the movie to be the biggest nerd of them all, and it’s revealed by him showing up at Comic-Con in full cosplay as he helps save the day. Edit: Phone autocorrected “nerd” to “need”.
Liked this. I wish you would have created a title card though.
Who knows what kind of shit happened to him as a child actor.
That’s just a perfect song too.
I second this. Carter gets knocked on his size, but he can flat play the game and we need an older rookie who can step in and help lead the second unit. At least we’d know what we are getting. The guy will be 23 when the season starts and we’d be off taking a 23-year-old college senior who knows what he’s doing at the 31st pick than a 19-year-old with second-tier prospect who is still learning the game.
I honestly like this kneeling thing. It helps us determine who would be the first to surrender to invading forces from another country.
Jesus. I never realized that may be a River Phoenix reference until today.
Tell Hollywood to start infusing some decent storytelling outside of superhero movies and fans will gravitate toward those films.
She knows the score and she took full advantage of it.
You’ve never read about Ted, have you?
Especially when they come begging for food and power from the former red states.
Yeah, this “only hope” is basically the left’s plan to stay in power forever.
That’s because you have too many soy girls who don’t drink enough real milk.
Well, the winters are long here. And so are we.
You should meet his dad. The first time I shook his hand, he almost broke mine. The guy looks like he could still walk on a field at middle linebacker.
The left has cultural power, which is far stronger than any political power, because it controls the entertainment industry and the media.
I’d love to hear from some midwestern Canadian farmers about their thoughts on Trudeau.
Wrong. Trudeau should definitely be in the Judas position.
For the life of me, I can’t understand why she isn’t just EVERYWHERE right now. She’s one of Hollywood’s most attractive actresses and it’s not like she’s a bad actress. Comparatively, she’s pretty damn good. I hope the movie she’s filming isn’t some throwaway and it help launches her a little bit more.
What do you plan to major in and what’s your budget? Where would you be coming from? Minot State is comparatively cheaper than NDSU and UND, but depending on how you slice it, not nearly as fun. But (and it’s a huge but), Minot kinda sucks. It has a lot of amenities because it is one of the only “bigger” cities in the state and has the university, the Air Force Base and is only an hour away from the Canadian border. It’s not a TERRIBLE town. It hosts the State Fair, has a nice zoo and has some decent places to eat. But when I decided on colleges about 20 years ago, I crossed it off my list quickly despite it being only three hours away. MSU does have a couple majors you can’t get at other ND universities and it offers some reciprocity deals. If you’re an athlete, you’re also likely going to get some scholarship money of some kind. It all depends on who you are or what you’re into, I guess. Let me know and I may be able to help point you in a good direction. Going to school in ND isn’t terrible. It’s cheap and the economy is great here so, with the right major, you may be able to walk out and right into a career.
I have installed memory before. It’s just expensive.
Because they all believe the US should just freely give away product for nothing and pay out the ass for their products in return because we are the world’s only superpower. So, by their logic, we owe it to the world to get fucked in the ass.
I laughed audibly through that whole thing. When’s the last time someone referred to an American President as the “alpha” in any conversation? Feels good.
Well if we did that, we may have had a few more #1’s than this one.
Now all I want to see is a steel raccoon anus.
No, I have long said that with Obama, we elected an actor and got one who played the role of president while other people — particularly those abroad — told him what to do.
Shoulda let him die.
