you get more shards for doing electric one.
Will it fill the crater so people stop bitching about it?
You have to press enter twice for reddit to recognize a new paragraph.
Not only is it already a joke to level, that is a horrible argument. Quality of life changes are good to attravt newer players.
U wish you could shitpost on this level
Then you are arrogant about it also because to people not already maxed it is a giant accomplishment
So when he gets #1, everyone will know about it then? His aim style is very distinct, he won't hide if he plans on being competitive again. Doesn't seem very believable, imo.
I'd say kuu01 if anybody.
oh ok you're not being serious and are trolling for downvotes, gotcha
account trading is a thing that happens, so that doesn't mean anything.
not really even reading your posts anymore br0
so mad lol
Who is the dead T3 god next to Saradomin? Never seen that name before
what the fuck are these sliders
&gt;Undead Corporation YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS BRB edit: first try rip https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgRlQKKrC-A&amp;feature=youtu.be
nah im just slow as shit, anyone who is capable of streaming 224 wouldnt have any issue
overmapping doesnt mean its mapped to be hard, so those people are stupid.
Not sure if seri.... Ohhhhhhhhhhhh
My first thought was Seinfeld, but Friends is perfect too.
Honest question, but as I assume you are a vegan by choice, would something like the OP really bother you that much? It seems like such a tiny thing to me, but I'm also not vegan.
I guess that makes more sense, but I feel like it was still alright. We killed the faceless ones because they're faceless ones, so thats obvious, but even others like Hagara kinda fit in, since shes in the tower, should could just collapse it while we fought or something I guess?
Read their username friend
How is it. A meme comment dumbass
Maybe its been a long ass time. Dont remember lol
The combo is slightly different for each person, the 3rd rune i think.
Did you even read the article? The second paragraph mentions the 5th.
some people really need a good kick in the balls to stop being such immature cunts
Calm down dumbass LOL
Don't knock what works.
Except this is actually what is supposed to be done.
Just means hes hard on himself. Like me, only he actually has them :(
Wasnt c score like 99.18 acc? This is pretty close to that.
Ya too bad complaining wont make it stop :(
Ah
It can just become a valid alternative pronunciation due to apparently a large amount of people using it. Languages change.
So how exactly did he cheat in this one? Relax hack or something?
Pm goulet or god of pride and ask them for an invite.
I don't get it.
"Art"
Has to be some glitch
No, you fuck off with your shit. Not everybody has seen everything you cunt.
This isn't /r/funny nigger.
Peppy didnt say "do this and get unbanned". He said "do this and i will personally review your case", meaning you will have a chance.
Hefin course every time there's a vos
Is tuska wp (75) better than T50 power armor? Assuming boots/chest/legs, for general slayer. (Ironman lols)
Because somewhere along the line it got warped into just meaning "play at disadvantage always"
why is 10.3 on there but not 9.67 ???
No he's not, and if you think he is, you're one of the retards.
Yesssss &lt;3 if you haven't seen it before you gotta watch IOSYS - Usatei 2011 on youtube.
Even if this was a raid, rules 1&amp;2 faggot
Yes.
Yeah, he is clearly from Robonia.
Which is how it will be, is it not? In any case, 120 will likely be far less than 104m like other skills are since they said the exp curve will be different.
Until they get another place to go.
Yeah that's what i said..
You can't avoid getting hit, you will still take damage. He just doesn't spec you. My tips are to turn off auto retal, turn off ability queuing, and to use thr priority of: wild magic &gt; combust &gt; dragon breath &gt; sonic blast &gt; chain &gt; tuskas wrath. Pray mage and augury if you dont have SS.
debatable. cookiezi was incredible but we shouldn't pretend like people aren't going to get better than he was as time goes on.
xilver is cool guy but why are we supposed to care about his name changes
Suddenly Dende!
Actually quite a few notable scientists have said time travel is impossible. Of course they could be wrong though.
Eh, not everybody would have seen it otherwise.
That was how many years ago? And there wasn't really ever a need for it to begin with. It should be different if they implement it now.
Lol no. It may be bad but that is a gross overreaction.
A bot performs multistep complex actions. An autoclicker just clicks. Reread my post. They are *similar*. But not the same.
which I can do, but that acc is stupid. I'm talking about the slider+stream fuckery that happens twice, at the beginning and then end. i just stream through it and fc, as long as you follow it right it works but lower acc
Ironman
You can't compare this game with tf2 so extensively. Tf2 has been out for what, 10 years? Overwatch isn't even in beta yet.
What is that and why should i care
You're fucking retarded
How many stabs was this, and how many do you need for all titles?
Go ahead and add me ingame, (soulg senpai) 2160ish total on my ironman. I dont know much about f2p but i can help you out when you upgrade to members :)
Been suggested before, still support
Wtf is this item even
But that would work out for the company wouldn't it? They'd get far more than the cost of the treatment.
I don't mean that they did it, sorry my wording was a bit off. But we know about it, and have the means to stop it right now to get a jump start on fixing it, but they just outright refuse to accept that they are causing problems.
No idea who that is. But, with a name like that, I already know he's not kind to black people.
Confirmed, I can do it too.
A permanent buff that nearly anyone could get, if anything it would give more incentive to do some quests. I don't see a problem with it.
So he was on the opposing side? If so, that guy can fuck off.
Not really, because all girls are different.
Add me in game if you wanna chat, dont have anything specific to add off what others have said though. Ign: soulg senpai
eh, not really. they could easily do it, but they didn't on the good plays. everything that nero did after the star is what should be impressive.
Any kind of perfect ___ is impossible for society.
Yeah that was my thought. How the fuck would i notice this?
This is a joke right
or just press "L" (assuming you havent binded over it)
I think he meant tumblr* There is very little outright misogyny outside of places designed for it, I've noticed, and especially little here on AskReddit.. And it's not like I don't pay attention.
Spoiler: not all feminists are the same.
&gt; If you have a problem with the fact that I'm not speeding enough, which prevents you from being even more reckless than me, tough shit. i love you right now
"I can't refute that statement so I'll just vaguely insult him"
The drivers were absolutely worse in Europe when I was there. Please take your shitty assumptions elsewhere.
You should be an adult and realize that just because you think something is good doesn't mean they will. And for the record i do support this change.
I agree. But the people like the one I responded to really aren't helping anyone.
Which keeps the blood shards valuable, but the only good drop from rune dragons works the same way.
They could at least allow ironman accounts to do this.
Makes sense, support
Why? It is a legitimate account system in the game. That's like saying osrs shouldn't get updates.
makes sense since her last account had nothing in the name that implied it was Jenny. I mean, this one doesn't either, but way more than broetchan or whatever it was
how is someone "forced" to cursor dance? that defeats the definition of it
That man is the kind of person I want to be.
I assumed the giant had dentures, or something.
i drag so no
Pussy is a powerful tool to control broken men.
Kudos, lot of those stupid women around here. I would have been way less tactful but I don't think my current boss would even fire me over it.
Well, as an ironman, I would have to make 900 flatpacks first. Pretty sure that would take a few hours, not even counting cutting logs.
All women are different.
+1
No, i was saying your argument is flawed. I want to be rewarded for doing work. I cant just buy a bunch of flatpacks, therefore, a reward for doing it would be nice. I can however think of one reason why this is a bad thing to give to ironman only, and its a big one, that i didnt think about until after my original post.
Dont even care. Its fucking retarded and 90% of the people here are complete entitled children.
I think it drops more often on hard mode? But dont quote me on that.
Some guy got two of them within 20 kills
Well obviously everyone is different, but I've broken 2k plays in a single day. Dont force yourself to play more than you find enjoyable.
It could also be a foreign celebrity. As an american 99% of the british posts about their celebrities fly right over my head.
Supposedly kuradal tells him that he should be the one assigning her tasks. 99 slayer master inc?!
With magic or praying to the empty lord zaros, how else? Also Tenryuu is best girl
Basically just open the doors around thr starter room, then reset.
Guy murders girlfriend while shes naked in her apartment, posts picture to 4chan, runs, womans kid comes and finds body, calls police, guy geys caught. He also said to 4chan that he'd suicide by police if they caught him but he chickened out.
Because it is wasting space on the front page. If you actually want to see 5 posts about elyaoru then you need mental help
Yeah thats more or less what I figured. I might mage them once i get attuned crystal otherwise looks like I'll block. Thanks :)
ok; it's fucking stupid and pointless and nobody cares
implying people dont blindly upvote anything having to do with top 50 players
Too busy looking at the mermaid up front.
English is clearly not his first language
never heard that word before ever
Wait, really? Why didn't I know about that?
Chiming in to say wildstar failed because it was released before it was ready, not because it was too hard.
why block elves? lol
QoL updates aren't going to be useful to 100% of players.
I'm sure they will fix it.
Some games absolutely do take physical endurance, though most do not. Top level SC2 does, as it is a very high rate of keypresses over dozens of minutes with no breaks. Not the hardest thing, but it will tire you out if you do it long enough. I agree with your other points though.
Damn, for some reason that just feels crazy to me.
A lot of the people "confirming it" are friends with him on skype and would have been in contact with him this whole time. also, this: http://ask.fm/OSUKamui/answer/127965219933 That's why I mentioned the aim, it could be from lack of practice.
yeah it'ls possible but then that begs the question, why? he never did it before
See my other post about his friends that would have been talking to him who say that it wasnt that good. I don't think its him, but of course i have no way to know for sure. And no, the playing is absolutely not enough proof, people can hack on stream.
Elysion already asked. But yes, *don't donate*.
It has always been fine as long as it wasn't used to be a retard.
Fanboys
Hey, you mean there is actual variety instead of cookiezi every post?
because im being rational which isn't fun
the point you
it means it went over your head
Im insulted you think i care about the opinions of you mindless fucks
is that why nothing else he is saying makes any sense?
why do i even try arguing with you people im sorry for being reasonable and going HEY NOW HE IS ACTING WEIRD IT MIGHT NOT BE HIM GUIZ i wish it wasnt so all of you dumbfucks wasted the money you threw at him (if the link worked for that, didn't really look into any of this)
stop proving me right then, subreddit
the irony being you are ignoring my counter argument to all of those arguments, which would require paying attention to them.
beast map, yes pls
So like... legacy only but also ironman? You'd be completely unable to do bosses, otherwise i guess it would work.
Yep
You're the first person I've seen say that celestials arent efficient. Not saying you're wrong about it, just commenting.
It comes down to whether you want speed or cost effectiveness. Armor will be likely be faster, but blacksmith cheaper. Though you can just do an hour test to see which gives more xp
As a fellow delivery driver, if you aren't tipping him in gold you're doing it wrong.
because other things in rs are much harder right
Best weapon was always tradeable, except the long time where it wasn't.
when was chaotic rapier tradeable
it took me 7 months to appeal when i was banned you're either stupid or ignorant
It wasn't really anything special, he just said it instead of beating around the bush, talking about ways to lower racism.
&gt; no one would really be surprised i'm sorry but I chuckled at this. half of the entire community would have basically found out that their life was a lie.
this please. i like seeing them as much as the next person but not when it is literally the only content.
i don't specifically believe it isn't him, but I don't believe it is him. probably won't make any sense but basically can just say im 50/50... but the fact is that he has yet to give ACTUAL PROOF. and no, gameplay with no webcam is not proof and never will be.
I usually FC that stream, but I was hyperventilating after the jumps lmao
yo man mute your mic if you're gonna record a replay haha
eh, maybe a little bit.
What the fuck does ableist even mean. Are they trying to say that they are offending by the other person ha ing a boyfriend?
Ye fucked that stream hard lol
He said he would review the case. Where the fuck did you get the idea that peppy was trading the video for the unban?
Im in bed and comfy. Its dimension tripper mapped by silynn
No, people are just living through his success because they don't have anything of their own to contribute.
You're a fucking retard
Welcome to osugame lol
When someone else says something rational its ok, but not when i do. This place is great.
Well, I'm pretty glad that he has a cam and proved it's him, but at all the downs kids on osugame? Nah, just feel sorry for them (you).
The entire point was that there was no cam. He has one now.
im not mad though, he's just a fucking retard. you've never said that calmly?
Wow, I'm not sure if you're actually that ignorant or purposefully ignoring everything just to have a response. But yeah, I'm done with you too so hf sucking his dick.
Levelling is really shitty, but the server is basically 99% functional. And it is almost undoubtedly him, clearly. It would be some kind of master troll for it to end up being a fake. EDIT: im on horde if you do get it.
i'm 99% sure index could match that score.
that list isn't even full updated. i see a couple scores that hvick beat.
nifty
what the actual fuck are you even on about?
yeah, if he tried hard enough. he couldn't do it as easily as c but i think he can do it.
No, no I fucking don't understand any part of your previous comment because not only is it factually wrong, but it shows an enormous bias towards players you like, as opposed to the rules of the game that makes the comments on this subreddit such a glorious cancer pit. &gt;When it's Cookiezi, peppy takes action in an instance. But when it's Reimu, peppy doesn't give a fuck. Cookiezi is literally the most popular and famous player to ever play osu, and likely will remain that into the future. Peppy had to have known about it nearly instantly, and thus wanted to get whatever it is he wanted to say out because obviously people are going to spam him with stupid shit. Not only that, but the only way your sentence would have made the slightest bit of sense is if Cookiezi was *immediately* unbanned. He's still stuck in appeal hell right now, and speaking of which, let's talk about that. Appealing in osu is not fast for anybody (ignoring shit like adamqs because i don't know what happened). It took me seven fucking months to get unbanned, and I only cheated a few random scores with nothing after the fact. I waited patiently, appealed correctly, waited *more*, and got given my second (and final) chance. This is the story for 99% of banned players, why should these two be given any special treatment, especially with how much of a clusterfuck they caused? Reimu is still banned. Not becasue peppy is a dick, not because of any other bullshit you want to spew becaSUe "I REALLY LIKE REIMU SO HE SHOULD BE UNBANNED", but becasue both players **royally** *fucked up their whole shit*. First of all, they cheated to get banned, which is incredibly childish and stupid. Second of all, they multi'd after the fact (Reimu and his buddy Shizuru famously did it without even trying to hide it, showing even more of their immaturity, and C had Burstlimit, and possibly others that weren't made public). So, they have a shit ton to make up for. Reimu clearly is apologetic and is willing to work to get it back, thus his videos that apparently humiliated him, for some stupid ass reason, but just like EVERY OTHER PLAYER, he has to WAIT for a decision. As far as anybody knows, Cookiezi just appeared and emailed support saying "yo bitches i want back". That would never work. I'm tired of typing. [tl;dr](http://i.imgur.com/qquz5PL.png)
&gt;I doubt he was spammed with stupid shit See the people that spammed him on twitter begging him to unban reimu, and then insulting him when he said no. &gt;No it does make sense because it's the opposite, peppy was trying to make up more reasons to keep him banned. LOL &gt;They cheated on purpose because Peppy refused to ban/delete their accounts by request, one of them (Cookeizi) got mad about that and started sending harsh emails. Does that make it right in your insane backwards world? As for the second part; let's say you have a job. You quit that job, and then bombard the boss of said job with "harsh e-mails". Then you later decide you want to work there again. What would happen? &gt;Please don't write so retarded. And peppy is actually a dick if he ignores him completely, not because he's following his policy. "i can't counter this point at all, let's just call peppy a dick" &gt;Niko got an instant "No unban for you, because you multi'd". He waited less than one hours. Compare that to 7 months :') ya that's true, too bad im not on support and can't say anything about it. Oh, hey! Neither are you, for all we know he could have had a support ticket open awaiting an unban, and then that reply came after he multi'd. &gt;Source? No. It was on mentioned on reddit either yesterday or the day before that cookiezi sent very rude emails to support, so I am extrapolating a propable occurence because everybody should know by now that C is very arrogant. Meh indeed
I won't even try to argue anymore. All you care about is that you hate peppy, and while I hate him too, at least I'm not going to let it control my judgement. Also: &gt;since I haven't reached your level of autism Best way to get anybody to completely disregard everything you say. Well, in real life anyway, not on reddit where the loudest person is the most correct, regardless of how stupid they are.
*tin foil hat*
I dunno, I always feel like I'll be able to convince them how stupid they sound to everyone else, but it's obviously never gonna happen.
not even slightly comparable maps.
same reason they got banned
Going to guess its something you would know if you heard it.
But reimu is speshul!1
It is, dummy.
The sad thing is i cant tell if the first sentence is sarcasm or not.
Hey cool, that thing i've been saying for a few days.
map pls
thx, and guess i didnt notice it :l
This subreddit will promptly forget in a few days.
&gt;osugame Yep
I love being right Cya on the bottom
Ppv2 is really bad in this regard. Plenty of hard maps nobody gives a shit about because low pp
&gt;this map is autistic "I cant read it, therefore it sucks"
Fuck fl Needs to give the same score bonus has hidden ffs
heh, funny joke.
no he didn't, stop grasping for straws.
the morons woke up and saw my post
its an extreme form of metal, but it is still metal.
Me too. It actually looks pretty fun.
But i like deathstreams..
Map: ora Song:dadada
rip everything, then
Ever see the pictures of the green frog man, in various emotional states? That's pepe.
Yeah, I downloaded it a while ago but it had no other option but to use a Facebook login, which I don't have.
Er, i think so. The "feels good man" frog, and yeah he does.
...maybe hes on rs3?
You're not being persecuted, you're just an annoying asshole.
posts like this are pretty much exactly why peppy despises us
Yeah, shit sucks. *hug*
No idea what he meant, but the guy (Ibn) was wrong, in that humans didn't evolve from monkeys, but share a common ancestor.
This is one of the big reasons im trying to learn a second language, honestly. But i have nobody to speak it with...
Man, good on Leibowitz for showing empathy.
The one where the nuke went off?
Theres no reason to point that out because its blatantly obvious...... sigh
Oh look, this thread again.
I am :^)
Because relax is far easier than playing normally
Well yeah, that sucked, but unlike most other politicians he actually turned around and showed clear remorse and was apologetic. And hell, I didn't realize it was an innocuous flag originally, so I can't even blame them. I would be freaked out too if I saw an ISIL flag here.
hmm what happened on june 22?
to someone oblivious to the community, the why is irrelevant.
i gave support a list
good thing it doesnt matter how you feel about it
what does that even mean tho
TIL
reimu has a chance if he tries really hard i think, but it won't be soon
Definitely, but I was comparing it to hvick.
it's pretty strange how like 2 months ago people hailed reimu as the god under cookiezi, and now i guess he's not anymore?
quality
well he is certainly proving everyone who said that he couldn't wrong, wow such an incredible underdog story
I never said anything about you specifically but the subreddit as a whole. jesus.
Spoilers! /s
They need to upsate living wyverns with a unique drop. Like elder logs.
Nice
I see you too play runescape
Poor contrast when the screenshot was taken
Man what kind of noob dies at araxxor
double codex chance too for us ironman folk, imo...
that's what i figured. not really an exploit, but breaking the spirit of the game.
do people really care that much about a crap wiki nobody uses
does this actually affect/improve gameplay or is it just a thing pretty much just started learning to hover and it fucking blows
streaming is just singletapping with two fingers at a 1/2 offset
read the second part of that sentence where i say exactly what it is champ.
"almost unrecognizable" he looks the fucking same
I dont know how "kek" originated, but it was from starcraft, i think related to zerg rush. In world of warcraft (made by the same company as starcraft), the playerbase is split up into two factions, who can not communicate due to an imposed language barrier. when members of the horde say "lol", members of the alliance see "kek", an obvious homage. When alliance say lol, horde see "bur".
Ironman get nothing from wilderness kills.
if you want to be fair lets talk about the massive tantrum throwing going on where everyone is blowing this lightyears beyond proportion
ok but how is this related to rs
what world do you live in when constantly admitting to making a mistake and showing that they are trying to find a good solution isn't 'accounting for mistake' grow the fuck up or quit playing
&gt; Smithing: Rune Ceremonial swords? That's saying nothing about double artisans or brawlers. do you know how ehp works
i *hate you*
Slayer helm does not work on reaper
Do it if you want but it is scarily inefficient
Dbane is only good if you have to use a crossbow, and i dont think you need to if you have asc. Basically just for ironman using chaotics or rcb.
Any idea what it would be with leg pet but sup ovl and pernix?
Just making sure
I think its overkill too but seriously fuck apple and their overpriced garbage
So is rots
They are
Won't name the creator but he used a lot (not all i dont think) of cml code to make irontrack, specifically for rs3 ironman. The creator of cml didnt like that and had a cnd (i think?) Filed against irontrack, then immediately added ironman stats to his website, except much more annoying to use, imo.
Specifcially the term is telling them to remember not to speak any russian. In case some people are still confused.
thats a meme i havent seen in quite a while
Generally its through bloated leeches /stranger plants.
yes this sub totally needs more mindless p2w bitching
I made an ironman with no prior eoc experience and now im maxed. Its really not that hard.
Your second sentence is the key. It would give them nothing so no reason to bother.
People are upset that they have to do something now that they got their welfare comp caped.
Cant wait to try it out
You act like *all* of them are like this...
That looks *very* much like the triple charms buff ticket from Familiarsation.
pretty sure he's early thirties now?
Since a lot of that was back when xp rates were much lower, thats actually really good.
nothing in osrs is hard, just time consuming.
Im pretty sure that slayer on osrs isnt much more than that even now.
Too bad slayer wasnt in RSC
Its good for high enrage araxxor, not like it makes it worth doing anyway.
no he really didn't. people are just butthurt that their god was insulted by suggesting that he has limits, and then acting all high and mighty when he was able to overcome the limits months later as if he never had them to begin with. you know, because mindless fervor and all that
no? why would they?
airuts drop them a lot
that sound quality destroyed my eardrums
Bloods, you can use them for magic in the abyss if you want and you'd get 99 faster.
They probably wont be. Turkey's government is supporting ISIS, who do not want people leaving the middle east.
im not circlejerking shit, it's just the truth. and that's why i said government, not the country as a whole.
You must have been one smart baby to be speaking right after birth!
That doesnt even begin to approach the scale of a galaxy.
I dunno man, its fantasy for a reason. Not to mention that stormtroopers are apparently kidnapped from a young age and brainwashed relentlessly, Finn could easily be the first to just say fuck it and actually attempt a revolt. As for the detection, i dont know i just enjoyed the movie.
it's *supposed* to be *just enough* to live on and now it isn't and people are ignoring how huge of a problem this is
&gt; how awful everything was. new is now the same as bad i mean everyone has their own tastes but that is just such a stupid argument
you just know that nobody would give a shit if someone made a drink just for women in this format
i know better than to argue with osrs fanatics, have fun with meme island buddy
He has stated he doesnt want his money, and wants nothing to do with him anymore.
42-&gt;36 seconds in only 2 seconds
nice you got a moderate amount of xp in a fast skill with a promotional event designed to be nice for new players
they have already stated that he will not train invention. he was going to, but they had to cut it to make the deadline. and they arent going to change his name.
pretty sure he meant hundreds of thousands of people
I need backstory...
Lol that is so not worth it
Thats hilarious
For one, there are americans imprisoned there.
nowhere near this amount, ignore the salt
this happened how many months ago? and how much xp did he gain from it? may as well just grow the hell up, and get training agility.
i agree. there are only so many color combinations, and the blue on invention cape is clearly darker.
there is a difference between a bug and an extremely poorly thought out, but intended, method. kalgerions, and what i was referring to as a whole, is the latter.
not really, because he wasn't (and isn't) fighting/trying to get it nerfed so other people could use it too. he was lucky enough to be able to do it when it was enabled, which is different.
lasagne*
dedication
Hes not going for pets so i doubt he would show that, and i especially doubt he has penny but i dont know really.
So what? You expect them to ban him now for something that happened over a year ago? That would be completely ridiculous
Can no longer do any form of skilling while on harmony pillars, they are effectively useless now
Maybe darklight swords fron dod?
A big part of it is memorization. Know where you need to go for each key, etc. Also puzzles, as you said you're working on them. The best dps setup is ranged, with a mage swap for bosses. Since you're new at dg, i would recommend only doing smalls at least until you get elite tasks done for the extra gatestone. Make sure you use your ring classes, you can have a primary class, secondary class (reduced bonuses but still helps) and a quickswitch. Set your ring to desperado, and sniper secondary while using ranged. Beyond that, practice. Small &gt; medium if you do smalls more than twice as fast as mediums (medium gives 50% extra xp, so figure out times). You can add me ingame for any ironman questions as i see you post here a lot, rsn: soulg senpai
As ironman do not ever do c1. If you dont care about skilling xp then just do c6 every floor.
Whoa wtf
Option 2 is the fastest
Wiki lists best method for each brawler, as well as alternative methods based on xp gaines
If you are crafting, then its basically entirely different strategy altogether. You shouldnt neglect fishing/cooking, the experience will add up and it gives you more money for crafting in the end. You probably wont find a blood necklace until you can do hard mode, but if you do happen upon one then go ahead and use it in your 4th bind. The ring setup for crafting is main desperado, secondary gatherer, quickswitch on artisan. The dg scroll for crafting isnt needed. I can watch the vid later, at work right now but im not a master of dg so i dont see how much i could help apart from saying to be sure to use surge and stall adrenaline when you can (devotion works if you have no target)
The friends list was simply an example showing that the engine isnt currently built for it, not itself a reason.
I enjoy them, they arent supposed to be done in one try.
Well thats simply a matter of opinion, you cant always have everybody have fun with something. I enjoy the challenge a lot, even if its frustrating at times.
Mutant fingers
To be fair he probably puts more effort into farming 500 pp plays than the other people.
Scientology is almost as bad as Saudi Arabia.
Probably nothing
Ill take it if you dont want it.
I used his guides to have an idea and then made my own strategy based off them. Anybody that tries to copy a guide without their own effort is dumb tbh
Wrong person
Just use lrc for afk mining with superheat form. Dung mining isnt viable or worthwhile.
Ah, okay. that is sad. I only remembered im4eversmart because he basically made every quest guide back then.
The middle pic looks like they combined snoop with guy fieri
No matter how acclaimed an artist is, there will still be a fair amount of people who dont like them. I hate rap and hiphop, and kanye is no exception. In fact the only artist i can listen to is eminem, and only ~5 songs anyway.
Dont tread on him
entirely because of circlesize and od
this would certainly make you good at streaming probably
of course, 99% of people dont spend that long playing per day though
you wont get 700pp without essentially mastering at least one aspect of the game
Whether or not that influence is good, now thats another matter.
CANT STUMP THE #TRUMP
Since when is a subjective opinion the same thing as a fact
Ironm**a**n Ftfy
Stop worrying about what other people are doing. When will you people understand that this game would have *nowhere near* the amount of content it has right now if it wasnt for mtx. NXT wouldn't be coming, probably a much shitter skill, shitty bosses, the list goes on. Less than 1% of the playerbase even cares about competitive xp gains, and its a stupid idea to cater to the 1%.
Nothing about the teaser gives anyone any sort of competitive edge.
Retro *model*, not retro cape.
Because some people dont like the new cape style. Its purely cosmetic.
Because its the max level in the skill and you need to reach that to ne considered a completionist. Seriously, stop whining about lost comp cape and earn it back.
I laughed at hoj
I feel like your graph isnt accurate for 120, they would have said 90m if it was 89m. Either way, nice work, interesting to see how accurate it is.
Not at all what I said but argueing with someone like you is a waste of time.
yes you can, it is similar to prayer in that the usual xp/hr is available at lvl 1
&gt; they do nothing but make money im pretty jealous that she makes hundreds of millions of dollars for doing shit all
eli5 the nemesis system?
Nah i didnt connect the pets being her locks of hair. I thought he was cutting peoples hair and they became minianas, or something.
A lot of ironman waste hours camping warpriest as starter armor
They didnt do that though. At least they didnt announce they were doing that. They said they were changing it to be *more like* the traditional curve. Not the curve itself.
Grats!
Pretty sure it was already announced for febuary or march
I think its funny now that i understand it.
People do it on imps and shit. At 83 slayer it is even more of a waste of time because there are better alternatives for both armor and money.
Runespan is more efficient to burn bonus xp.
Im always amazed at the retarded shit people complain about
Happens to me a lot, fucking annoying. No idea what is the cause.
Basically she became braindead, but her body was still alive in a vegetative state. Millions of people fought against pulling life support because they dont understand what braindead means.
Only if theres an ironman ladder as well; RSN: Soulg Senpai
t50 power armor is better than warpriest. warpriest is only good if you're hybridding something (dks, kiln, tds) in single combat scenarios it is crap
was bearable 2 years ago m8 m8
ur mum gets worse every day
there are also waaaaaaaaaay more than 100 people with one
His dg came from lamps, jot, nemi forest, and tuska
too bad most of them have combat requirements and you have to unlock them by doing actual dungeoneering which he can't do
It has literally 0 gameplay effect but its just nice to have, stop being a baby
We aren't
except it isn't even the same thing so it still makes 0 sense
I guess, though i didnt bother looking at his profile
Also mac and cheese in america
Accumulators and urns stack, don't know about skillchompas.
Is there something wrong with self promoting?
I mean... would you really want to live like that anyway?
#101 ironman, dungeoneering op.
yep, the people that can buy a shit ton of scythes will get it first.
do you even know what game this is? time = difficulty
i can also 100% guarentee that all but *maybe* 1-2 peopel are doing it horribly wrong
i thought this would be a combat oriented skill, not a bankstanding skill
How are ironman possibly supposed to train this skill? Everyone was planning on just siphoning xp from weapons, but apart from how it gives pitiful xp, the siphons are *one time use*. It took me an hour and a half just to make my first one, and im out of materials for already.
panic sell handcannons
i think it's unfair but im ironman so it doestn affect me im more upset that the only good training method is hard as shit for us
it has to be faaaaaaaar higher
Jar of light
put it on my armor because i thought i would be camping ganos where that perk would be irrelevant anyway then i did bm and forgot it was there
this was the first 1hr of the skill when nobody realized how shit it would be.....
I'd rather reaugment it later then waste my energy now when levelling it is less than worthless. But I am ironman so maybe mains dont care.
Supposedly the perks from level 99+ are actually very good, or are supposed to be. Anyway, I have no idea, but I'm not about to waste energy to kill ganoes for invention.
17 actually
ironmen are just forced to do white knight. it sucks but it's still doable.
BUY STOCKS
Nice
its not really special treatment if that's the only possble way to get enough, imo.
quality post
Same way mains train the skill now? Level items and break them down.
this was a long time ago
Thanks Mod Joe, the transparency is very nice and helps a lot with planning ahead. That being said, do you have any current plans to adjust Gizmo/Perk xp any more, or are you going to keep it as it is now for the forseeable future?
le me is apparently a massive douchebag, [this](http://puu.sh/mMx6q/897f02cc4b.jpg) was posted on HLF day of the gizmo nerf
i never said that this sub wasn't full of awful people, did i?
It also has a very low success rate. Its just a last ditch effort essentially.
How do those work with bank presets, say if im fletching logs or something like that?
\#reddit
Rs3 ironman has a lot of variability. It is vastly different from how mains play while still retaining a lot of good qualities. Osrs ironman is a zulrah camp fest, but im sure theres some more bright stuff to it, i just dont know what.
Im pretty neutral on the subject but there is no way this would take a significant amount of time to code. I do think its neat though.
If you were to restart, I would strongly suggest giving Ironman mode a try. It gives a lot more depth to the game, and certain goals become very very satisfying! :)
Yeah that is very very unlucky.
Correct. Its still a very annoying issue but people are blowing it way out of proportion.
Well... you know where you are right?
But how many papaya seeds
Then dont buy them instead of bitching
We found MH-370
You can get close to 1k crimsons an hour if you use the triple charm buff at waterfiends. Even without its still up to 500
Yeah, i havent even gotten out of s1 but hold the door cant be a spoiler. So its his name origin or something, big deal.
Generally immortality just means you cant die naturally, but can still be killed? Is Apocalypse just unkillable too?
Ah, that makes sense, thanks for the explanation! :)
Yes
200 kc and only boots :( gz on pet though!
Im surprised bailamos didn't ddos everyone there.
Calling /u/Dreyri
Efficiency wasnt even a thing back then. N0valyfe aside everybody just kinda played the game, with the top people going specifically towards gaining xp. Not trying to take either side of the argument, but it really was different back then.
Basically ironman dream right here. Thats 200m gp in flakes if you alch them. Congrats on 120!
Can you post the exact amount of ganos killed + exact amount of final flakes for me? :3
Play as much as you're able, but don't burn yourself out or continue if you really want to stop. Breaks are fine and help a lot with being mentally willing. Be prepared for your mindset to change. I still remember how i started looking at everything differently with each 99 i got. But mainly, *just do it*.
Dont listen to the people saying that youll be kicked for missing a raid. If you can make 80% of the raids over a long span, most guilds would be happy to have you. As long as you notify ahead of time if you will be late or miss raid, it will be fine. Remember that it is still a hobby, but they are relying on you being there. They are not obligated to go out of their way for you.
Engineers used to be able to make exploding sheep as items.
Yeah sometimes i go full dumdum idk
Of course it isnt. But i am not going to continue being polite to someone who is so consistently being confrontational and agressive to everyone who replies to him.
What a useless and unnecessary post
Japan actually has the culture of doing that, USA is just forced into it because we need our paychecks to survive.
But the majority love them, is the point.
The guy you're replying to is a repeat and massive troll, just fyi.
exactly, was on mobile at work. no worries though.
Alright, cool.
The rarest boss pet in the game, off one of the hardest bosses.
My girlfriend didnt have that problem, though I did explain a ton of stuff to her anyway because she was interested. They definitely didnt go into as much explanation as they could have, but i think it still works out rather well.
Support
If you are doing solo dung, never do c1. Do c6 smalls the entire way for pure dg xp, dont do mediums until you are very comfortable with keying and moving around the dungeon effectively.
Like what?
Dozens of billions by this point.
Did you update your drivers and everything else they suggested you do upon first opening NXT? If not, you can still use the old client until the issues are resolved, but you'd probably get better results posting a legitimate bug thread as opposed to being incredibly passive agressive on reddit.
I get that its funny, but we should be trying to help and encourage new players.
Well yes, and then you equip sheild for the one herb patch. Lol
And that is going to be a huge detriment to the progression of the game as far as I can tell. People voting no on everything so they dont have to work for their stupid capes.
People dont want skills raised to 120 because they feel entitled to not have to work for their comp capes.
i never said i was against it, just that that was a poor argument also bank presets were a qol addition that also was game changing
nice strawman bro
I mean, that is a massive deal for ironman accounts. I'm basically forced to do 200m slayer before the rework happens to not lose out on hundreds of mills of gp.
To /r/AskScience!
By that exact argument Battlefield 1 is a descriptive title. Its just too open to incorrect interpretation to work out, so it sounds fucking stupid.
I would fucking love it if I got 100 viewers.
Assuming slayer monsters still drop rune, it is devastating to long term gp as well as prayer and summoning xp. But if they add new items at a similar alch value, then it depends. Even going from 30k to 20k is a massive amount of lost gp so I am getting as much slayer done as I can until then.
So Howe is the Scottie Pippen of hockey, in a way? I didnt know who he was but I did know Gretzky.
Ah, alright that makes more sense. Still though, I've never really heard him mentioned and I don't live near any hockey hot spots. I dont really hear Gretzky mentioned either, I just know him from those original Playstation games as well as reddit.
&gt; 400k + xp/hr you mean 750k?
ironman
/r/marijuanaenthusiasts
Nor is it an excuse to ignore useful QoL updates.
....japanese Specifically it says "midnight killer"
Exact same spot as you. Ive played all the difficult idle games and no key :c
Thats true, but it makes the gold lost from the nerf that much more impactful.
Old one is destroyed. I'm not really a fan, but that's just how it is.
Yes, exactly, and I don't like that.
He also plays Blackhand in Warcraft.
Some people are into extreme pain during sex. If something like this was 100% consented to by both parties, then there is no issue.
What other flips are there?
To be fair we also have more people than most other countries.
1b is absolutely not worth $1000 at this point in the game i'd be surprised if it was much more than $100, if that
Crusader's Black (White) Warhorse. Flag horse represent! EDIT; Apparently my rarest mount is actually Ruthless Twilight Drake. But I like my flag horse better :)
You're giving people far too little credit. Thousands of americans care about issues like this, just because they are the minority doesnt mean they dont exist.
I dont know the amount, but its at minimum that much. It could very well be millions. But thats not really the point. Generalising is stupid.
Does KFC still have it?!
Women are the ones who give birth, thus each one is a potential way to increase the population, whereas men can spread their seed far and wide so its less useful to have as many. Evolutionary traits are a bitch.
Im sure you technically could..
The english are still european...
So I was wrong? Thanks for clearing it up.
So basically passive aggressive compliments?
Yeah...
So I played the game a couple years ago, and while I enjoyed it a lot I absolutely hated having to do the FATE spam to level up, especially on secondary jobs. How different is levelling now? Does it take the same amount of time, or is it much longer/shorter?
I keep forgetting your "fanny" is different from USA "fanny". Your way is much more fun.
You should get at least 300 in your professions to unlock the profession world quests.
Funnily enough i know someone on eonar horde who bought it. Ill ask them who they bought it from if you are willing to drop 250k for it
Yeah, regardless of what he did he still deserves some sort of trial be held for the driver (awful wording but i couldnt make it much better). Even if the guy is acquitted, better than nothing.
No, cutting edge is removed.
Im appalled by how they took everything about her character then threw it away to make her a dreadlord Garrosh.
I'm a guy and trying to fall asleep is hellish... I routinely lay there alone for 4+ hours :(
These kids are better at skating than i ever was after almost 5 years....
Im not really seeing how any of that is any reason to not make them trim reqs.
The capes are designed to be difficult to get, and prestigious for the wearers. They are currently neither.
Sure, but thats still ignoring the fact that its called COMPLETIONIST cape for a reason. Something like Warden title should be a trim req, along with Final Boss for that matter (not IFB because of vitalis).
Yeah its from the late 90s/early 2000s. Id definitely give it a solid try but no need to force yourself into it.
Damn, yeah its old. Its definitely a good one though.
Yeah, its a special one for myself and a lot of people because it was played a lot on an evening cartoon block in our childhood. I cant say whether it holds up or not, but it certainly gives me fond memories.
