I lie down in bed and put on a nature documentary with Netflix on my laptop (with the screen dimmed). It's not that I find nature boring, it's that I find David Attenborough's voice soothing and it puts me to sleep after a while.
recovery was good.
Go bills!
I listened to Phenomenal last night and then I turned on The Real Slim Shady and Without Me today. His new stuff just has no flow to it. I don't feel like I can rap along with his new stuff without feeling like I have a speech impediment. He has so much technical ability but he just can't seem to put it together magically like he used to do.
I know. However sometimes it can be confusing on how to do that because I think it's changed a few times and there are multiple ways (with multiple results) to do it.
Lightning pulled a Blues and let up at the end. Hopefully they will now know to not count Chicago out. Ever.
Man, am I the only one who thinks it's sexy?
You're not the only one. I can't stand them.
I don't care what the lines are--well I do, but for the sake of my point--they just need to stay the same for the majority of the season. Players get accustomed to their linemates' playstyles and therefore have better synergy and therefore score more goals... which I think is the Blues biggest issue. Winning games 1-0 is terrible. Not only for the fans watching, but you'll never win a cup with 4 goals in the final series.
This is a big one for me, too. It's unsettling, really.
I hate how sue-happy some people are and how politically correct everything is becoming. At my university, a statue of a priest was removed because it ["The statue of De Smet depicts a history of colonialism, imperialism, racism and of Christian and white supremacy"](http://www.thecollegefix.com/post/22609/) Shit like that just pisses me off. The fact that a minority is upset about something and they whine enough to get what the want, making a majority pissed off.
God's Bathroom Floor
Yeah, I laughed though and it was a 10 second gif. I'd rather watch this gif once than watch a video about some guy announcing a replay system that was uploaded 2 years ago.
I don't see how it brings down the quality of the community. I like it better than the video of Nick Allen announcing the replay system that was uploaded two years ago, and I liked it better than some of the cosplays and fan art I happen to click on. I laughed at this 10 second gif that absolutely has no negative effect on the subreddit.
person with the most fuck ups at the end of the year (or semester so two people have the opportunity to be crowned king fuck up) has to buy everyone else like a 12 of beer.
How did you get a bid?
Navy or brown is always good.
Well the people who have control over that are the people commenting. The comments are filled with people complaining, they could easily downvote it and I'd never have seen this post. However, I'm assuming it is going to be a rare, but, genuinely funny, occurrence.
Unfortunately for him, they'll probably just jerk him off and take his sperm to artificially inseminate horses.
...hey man, it's true!
So HARD to Read **with** the FUNKY ***lettering***.
I love bologna. I had two bologna and cheese sandwiches today... :(
everyone's just trying to make a living I guess.
SCREEEEEEEE!!!!
See, my parents *didn't* force me to play sports, and I got to choose which I played. However, I wish my dad had forced me to play hockey. I learned (after it was passed the time where I could start playing) that my dad was drafted (or something similar) to the NHL. He wound up not being able to play or go farther in his career because he has a heart condition and the teams saw it as a liability. I feel that if he had forced me to play and coached me the whole way, I'd be pretty good and possibly--just maybe--been drafted to the NHL.
it all comes with time and practice. you'll get it man. :)
You're a good parent.
That's very interesting. Unfortunately, unless you are a Kappa Alpha, you will never know the meaning of the symbols. I would try contacting the man you purchased it from, and if you get no response, contact their national office and let them know about it. I'm sure they would be willing to give you money for it and be very gracious.
nice pun
haha, I meant what subject exactly. I went to their posts and saw something about Thailand. I'm just curious :)
Love this song. Also love the Eminem ["freestyle"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-OntMOpgqRo) to this beat along with Beamer Benz or Bentley beat
I didn't see it.
I think the first one is thinking too hard. I don't think vaporeon and all them evolved into Suicune, Entee, and Raiku, but I think the three pokemon that perished *were* the legendary dogs themselves, and Ho-Oh resurrected them because they are unique.
Thanks! I figured it was the wrong place but I also figured I might as well try!
Did you ask him to watch the game with you?
Have you been to Saint Louis? Jim is great, but so is Charles Glenn!
You know what they say about big hands...
Fuck you.
Just don't suck and you'll fine somewhere you'll fit in and be accepted.
I feel bad because he's been here his whole career. I feel like he'd play for us for free. That being said, he has 800+ games with only 181 pts. He is average at best, and is only getting older. We have Bortuzzo, Lindbohm, and Michalek that are "ours" and we didn't play in the postseason. I think we'll be alright.
Send him this way.
LOL
I've been on newegg for the past hour or so. I guess I'm just not up to speed with what's the best graphics card and everything. Also, is windows 8 that bad? I'd kind of want Windows 7 but I've never really had any problems with Windows 8 when I've used it.
Thanks! I think I'm going to be wanting to spend around $600 max. However, I'd definitely be willing to spend a little more if it changes my experience exponentially. I've truly only ever played League of Legends on my computer because it's all it can handle. I'd love to blow cash on Steam just to try some other games but I can't really because my current computer wouldn't be able to handle it.
Cool, thanks! Like I said somewhere in here, I don't think it's that bad. I just remember seeing a lot of hate at some point.
The only thing that cost the Lightning this game was the first mishap.
Thanks!
Did you take into account Karma's passive when calculating DPS?
So the one in the OP is the better build?
Awesome, thanks man :)
I love strategy games though. I think for the price I might have to try it out.
Saint Louis?
He scored a goal you or I could have scored. Not anything huge. He was pretty abysmal this series. That was his only goal. And he had what? 3 points?
I'm agreeing with you, man. Yeah he's a good player, but it's a bit of a stretch to say he's gonna go down as one of the best in the game when he hardly did anything for his team in the final series.
Lol what?
Most of what I've seen it's fine. But right now all the assholes and bandwagon fans are coming out of the woodwork to spew their "haha we won and you didn't" shit at everyone who hates the Blackhawks. Congrats Blackhawks, you won, and your team deserves it, but (some of) you all as fans do not. There are bad fans everywhere, but it seems that Chicago has the worst.
You could have, too. With that beautiful pass and a wide open net, anyone with hands and eyes could put that in the net.
I am not denying his skills as a player, he is great. But to go down "one of the best" is truly *to me* an exaggeration at this point in his career. I do appreciate the consistent downvotes though. One of the really good players, yes, but "the best"... not yet. Hossa, however, is remarkable.
Why?
Not jealous. I'm not denying his skills, he's a good skater with great hands. I'm just saying it's too early in his career to say, "man he's gonna be one of the best!"
He's one of the best in the game right now. But looking at a list of the all time greats and comparing him to that is just stupid. (In my opinion). And apparently my opinion is very unpopular here. I suppose my flair doesn't help.
that ruins the fun!
How is you and your dad's relationship?
Have you ever told "John" sorry or thanked the guy that said that to you? Even though he was a dick, you seem to be appreciative of it. I mean, I would be too and I am happy that you have made/are making progress.
Awesome job! Can't wait for a Sun Goddess Karma one :)
what ping do you play on?
I've never seen it.
As a fan, I hope we trade Oshie. He really hasn't produced in the playoffs.
I'd like to see Oshie, Backes, and Berglund for McDavid
In his career of 443 games, he has 310 points (regular season). In his 30 career playoff games, he has 9 and a +/- of -12. At least some of our other players' names are said by the announcers in the playoffs. It was like he was a ghost this year.
Huskies are hard to train and love to be outside. Make sure you walk your dog a lot so he's not as energetic and satanic.
They have a bot that autobans people who POST in subreddits that are deemed "hateful". Their mods are all SJW type people. It's really sad, honestly.
What is this Berglund documentary hahah. Seems so ridiculous.
I enjoyed it. But the close up shots and dramatic slow motion of him walking was a little weird.
I enjoyed it. But the close up shots and dramatic slow motion of him walking was a little weird.
Perhaps Yoda knew where Luke would land and built a shitty little hut right around there. The Force, man.
Unfortunately I don't think it works against some teams. Perhaps it's why we constantly have trouble against the Wild and other teams.
What tools?
Did Larry David open the gate for him at the beginning?
Hopefully we get to see those sweet pads!
I think it's extra funny because Chicken Fil A is anti-gay and she's lesbian.
I don't understand that call. How else was he supposed to fall?
Weak call by the ref. Gunnarson wasn't even holding the stick. It was under his arm. Could've been a possible hooking if someone else saw it. Elliot had the save but it took a bad trickle down his pads. Hopefully we score 2 in the third.
We're not!! And we're never in front of the net to screen. It's like everyone wants to sit around the edge and play passing games. It's ridiculous.
The Blues are the worst best team in the League. So inconsistent. We're so good on paper. I'm beginning to believe it's coaching. I don't know what else it could be.
It wasn't much of one.
I am sick to my stomach.
I am sick to my stomach. Blues have been tough to watch lately.
I agree.
/r/titleporn
I know it's a witty comment, but I think this post was inspired by the comments on [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/3zqkhm/im_still_going_home/) post
Girls like it sometimes.
You look like the geed you're pretending not to be.
I'm a straight male. You're attractive but to me, it looks like you do your eyebrows. If not, it's strangely impressive that you have a pretty magnificent beard and decent brows.
If you are creating the lobby and are just playing with friends, make sure you unclick "ranked game".
I see your Star Ocean collection, but fail to see the Star Ocean for PS2 (Till the End of Time). I only ask because I remember buying it because it looked cool and looked like Phantasy Star, but I ended up hating it. Are the other Star Ocean games good?
It wasn't when I started, but it's where I got to experience end-game content in one of the top guilds on a server. It was awesome, too, because I met so many cool people in my journey to it. The expansion seemed super long because I played almost every day and improved every day. The day I hit level 80 I raided OS with a pug and got tier gloves. I started as a ret paladin, but through raiding Naxx with a guild, I accumulated holy gear. One time I asked if I could heal instead of DPS and loved it. I then progressed through guilds/raids with holy and I kept getting better. I eventually applied to one of the top guilds on the server and I had a trial and did well. I got in and stuck with that guild until the end of the expansion. Unfortunately, the guild disbanded before cata (people transferred, quit, etc.) and I kind of stopped playing. I lost the lust I once had for the game. WoW's awesome because this picture made me relive my experience in WoTLK again through typing this comment. It is unfortunate I will likely never have the same experience playing WoW again.
I hate to say this, but I hope we lose tonight and tomorrow so we make a change.
Shatty+Berglund for Stamkos+Drouin? That would make me very happy.
Well shit lol
Good for Tarasenko. The blues don't stand up for each other enough.
Hitchcock is a fucking *idiot*. No Fabbri in OT? He's a quick, skill player.
Looks like the only time the Blues can be consistent is OT losses.
Yes, but who knows what alien civilization is millenia ahead of us?
I said this last night, but I hope we lose again so some changes are made.
I'm talking about Hitch.
Still doesn't mean he should have to pay $5k more a year because people are poorer than him.
I don't know if this has been said before, but in Episode VI as Yoda is dying, he tells Luke, "the force runs strong in your family. You must pass on what you have learned." I think that definitely means Rey is his daughter. I also know it isn't part of the topic of discussion, but I didn't know where else to post it. Or it could mean Luke has a son or daughter on his little vacant planet.
That's what I meant. Of course she isn't a master, unless Ben was her padawan at some point lol.
I've hated seeing these graphs because the blues have just been dropping like an anchor.
That I know. But why people care I don't understand.
Because it's taking a negative outlook on life. So many people come to Reddit and say how they're so suicidal and have no friends. Maybe if they start looking at life more positively their whole perspective could change. I appreciate the downvotes.
I hate how I always come to comments on reddit and people are always like "fake and gay". It gets old that people constantly doubt shit.
Fake it 'til you make it.
I had a dream Shattenkirk was traded for Drouin last night.... ):
Watch some of the top videos on here.
I think it looks good.
My mom always told me to not fall into peer pressure, so I won't. Yea it's a sport, but it's just not my cup of tea.
I like it.
Oshie was a good name to have for people to cheer for when they've never heard of the Blues, really. Now we have Tarasenko and I believe Tarasenko is way more exciting to watch. Brouwer is also doing wonders for us. I think Oshie needed a good change of scenery and I am happy for him. I am also happy we have Brouwer.
Maybe the fact that acid+heat was added can be a hint. Think acid-catalyzed dehydration of 4 to react with 2-methylbutanal.
Why?
Yes it makes it ok. Have you never played hockey competitively before? Hockey isn't meant for pussies. Tootoo will be alright. Maybe in an ethical sense it's not right to hit someone when they're down. But it's hockey baby.
I figured. I either must have missed something in the movie that foreshadowed it or it was just poorly placed and should have been omitted.
I said it a week or so ago, but I used to *hate* Berglund. He was lazy and never used his size to his advantage. Seeing him play on TV and seeing him live on Tuesday has almost completely changed my opinion. He looks like a new player and it is refreshing to see him play like he deserves the money we're paying him. I hope he keeps doing well and I have a feeling tonight will be another night for that. LGB
Hahahahah that is awesome. What a perfect way to shit on the Kroenke.
That Kroenke sucks chant and ceremonial puck drop was awesome. Great way for Saint Louis to shit on Kroenke.
I didn't notice it until I read the comments.
Just because someone uses the word "faggot" and "fruitcake" doesn't make them homophobic. Like someone else mentioned, he was probably just trying to connect with these guys in an immature way. I call my friends faggots when they're being faggots, but because I think they're gay. [Source of that joke in case I triggered you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fcja4WFFzDw) Lighten up. Also, the proper word to use would be "worst" cop.
Well if he had written them the ticket they'd be paying a lot more than $30 for an unregistered vehicle. These guys got off easy.
Your first comment is doing exactly what you just said I was doing... lol. I didn't realize I was dealing with a SJW general right now.
I like how the body is detailed yet you see very minimal strokes. It's cool how you have a lot of detail in seemingly few strokes.
Yes, I am labeling you because you are being hilariously triggered by words on a screen. You were offended and hurt because a cop called someone who isn't you "a fruitcake". I don't know what you mean by "you think you are right." though. I don't know if I ever claimed to be right about anything. My first comment was trying to help you see how the cop probably isn't homophobic in the dictionary sense, but was just using a colloquial version of the word faggot. I also corrected your usage of "worse cop", so I guess in that sense I *am* right. Then you said my comment indicated a bias, which I'm not even sure what you mean by that. What I take away from that is that you read my comment and didn't like the way it was worded, so you choose to disagree with it not because of the content, but because the words aren't spoon fed to you by your mommy. In a sense, you are also being hypocritical because you seem upset that I labeled you. You labeled the cop as a corrupt homophobe, if the cop were as sensitive as you, he might be offended and would call you out for labeling him. I hope your popcorn was good, though. I went to a movie a while back and they put white cheddar stuff on the popcorn without asking and it kind of ruined the whole popcorn for me.
Definitely. Have a good night!
A huge cock.
Ha. You're not gonna get in. You should join a fraternity that has people whose values align with your own, not because it has "a sick house" and you want to be in it. You sound like you suck huge cock and I hope you don't get a bid for the sake of Sig Tau at Pitt. You are trying so hard that I think you are a troll.
If this happens, Doug Armstrong needs to go. He has yet to make a good trade. (Though I do really like the Brouwer trade)
You ask for advice but you say, "I am the cream of the crop for pledges and will be offered to rush whatever frat I want." Sounds like you don't need any advice. Also, you *can* rush any fraternity you want, I think you meant "will be offered a bid from..." but, only time will tell that. You're a senior in high school man, stop wearing your sperries so tight and maybe your blood will flow normally and you can think like a PNM and not a fucking boner.
Berglund has too much money in him, too. But you have opened my eyes to something I haven't really realized. However, I think he hasn't been outstanding and a trade like the one mentioned would be horrendous.
Holy shit
I am not a woodworker and I am subbed here because I like to appreciate what people can do with wood. I, like you, stared at the pictures and marveled at the beauty of this work.
I was at that game! So awesome. Thanks for reminding me.
You. I like you. That'd be awesome for Oshie to play the Blues in the cup. Would be emotional to win or lose for sure.
Can I be a GM for the Blues?
What does this even mean????????
you're comparing the eminem ja rule beef to meek drake? I hope you're exaggerating with it. Eminem/Ja Rule beef was just lyrical murder. Meek still makes bangers and still has fans. Hip-hop beef isn't the same as it used to be.
hahahaha man I don't know why you have negative points on this. I don't laugh out loud on many posts on reddit but this made me laugh out loud.
Highkey hope the 50/Meek beef keeps going and somehow Eminem is mentioned and Eminem makes a diss track.
"You're done. Ja Ruled." I was assuming you were talking about the diss tracks Eminem released about their beef and how Ja Rule's career was done. [Hailie's Revenge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmXTYu5Qvq0) [Hail Mary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auk_ZkZ2WNY)
52% is a lot.
That's what buckaroobanzai meant to say from his crazy SJW jargon?
What did you think about this post was offensive? Maybe that will help me understand what you were trying to say.
We just play with water in cups and drink on our own accord. There are better games to get drunk with.
I think the statement implies that the penguins should be winning, but the blues are playing better than expected. Thus indicating bias. Though I could be just thinking too hard haha. Fuck NBC
What happened?
Why do you think that?
It's likely because he's from, like you said, a black neighborhood where he has been surrounded by that his whole life. They all probably know him and let him use the word without being like "wtf" Assuming all these folks are poor, it is likely that they realize that he is struggling along with them and isn't some racist white guy, so they accept him in their "community" and they use the same colloquial terms and shit. I hope that makes a little sense.
Not that I don't love you, but where has berix been?
That makes sense. Assuming you get it right is way riskier than assuming you get it wrong. However, in this case I feel that there is no better choice of a decision, because either way she wins and gets to move on. With an equal chance of either advancing with $1 or $11998.
I like the one of the black guy the best. great contrast of colors.
You might be thinking that you're about to cum and that's fucking you up. When I get close (when it starts to feel *reaallll* good) I just pull out, eat her out for a while, then resume. If the girl likes being eaten out, it doesn't matter how long you aren't fucking her, because she's still getting oral and I imagine it feels great. Then you fuck her again and she's ecstatic. Then you cum on her stomach and then you clean it up and go to bed.
Sometimes I cum and then say "sorry"
"Official" and "according to researchers" seem contradictory.
pics?
FSMW
Probably watching TV
Kind of like that Vincent Mortgage commercial
ΔG°’=-RTln(K/H+)= ΔG°+RTln(H+) ΔG°’ is when activities and concentrations and such are held constant.
i've never seen it.
Is it not possible to find a physical dealer?
Your IR is weird. Perhaps the background was off.
what case did you open that from?
It is nearly impossible for the bullet to ricochet because he is shooting directly at it with intent to penetrate. Since the bullet does not penetrate, it basically smashes into itself.
I'd rather keep up Rattie than Paajarvi tbh
Rattie gets to the dirty areas of the ice. We need that.
So the flow of air isn't changing? It's a constant flow and the way they move changes how high they are?
I agree. But that was never part of the question hehe.
anything $100 or under please!
Get the first bit of paint out with a paper towel, then have a jar of mineral spirits that you dip the brush in. The spirits break up the oil and pigment so it comes off pretty easily. You will get better. Also, you might have noticed how easily some colors change when mixing. If you use the brush to mix, grab colors with a good swoop as to not contaminate the rest of it and it should cut down on cleaning time. Mixing with a palette knife can also help at not getting too much paint lodged in a brush.
Very nice. Oil? How long did it take?
If you aren't lgs92 in this thread, you are shadowbanned. It is wrong to think of either of van Der Waals forces as "bonds"; they are more like interactions. I like to think of all the intermolecular forces as a rating system. Some molecules can hydrogen bond, some have dipoles, and some have van Der Waals forces. That being said, van Der Waals forces arise when a molecule does not have any electrostatic activity. Molecules do not like to touch each other, so van Der Waals forces ensure that they do not. I am not sure you quite what you mean by polar bond, as it really isn't an intermolecular force. It is just a way to categorize a bond. For example, H-O is a polar bond because the O is very electronegative and pulls electron density away from hydrogen. C-H is not a polar bond because there isn't really any major difference in electronegativity to have a considerable effect. That being said, if you take two CH3 molecules and put them around each other, they will still interact when close enough (van Der Waals) because there *is* electric activity, just not enough to make the bond polar. I hope that helps.
That's what I was trying to get across by saying how I thought of the intermolecular forces as a rating system. How you "start" with van der waals and go up to different types of intermolecular forces (H bonds, dipoles, etc). I was kind of crunched for time and meant to come back later to this but it seems other people have hit the nail on the head better than I tried to articulate it.
Someone said buy Organic Chemistry as a second language by Klein, this is good advice. This book saved me for Orgo I. He repeats that "you will be good at orgo if you understand the mechanisms" and he is right. The beginning (at least for me) or orgo 2 is about carbocation stability (dies-alder, 1,2 + 1,4 products for conjugated alkenes, etc). It's hard to get the answer by memorization. Each problem will get easier and easier as you notice similarities between reactions. Mechanisms suck (when you start) but after a while you will be thankful when you start understanding and appreciating the honest beauty of organic chemistry Also, if you prefer math based classes, I hope you have taken Analytical Chemistry or are planning to take it. It's pretty "mathy" and is one of my favorite Chemistrys.
That is untrue. I know a lot of people who do not want to vote for Bernie Sanders.
This is like trying to prove that God is real. You can't prove he is and can't prove he isn't. We will forever be left in skepticism.
NBC *loves* to suck Chicago's cock.
Lol.
relevant username.
that karma change is HUGE. Honestly.
I would agree.
It's not as bad as it looks. We can get financial aid from the government and deferment. We also pay less in taxes. I'd say after you pay off your loans, we are better off. Just paying them off sucks.
Just getting older.
Insult to the animal? Not like you can plant it and grow more elephants.
I appreciate you.
I'm an American that is indifferent about football. I, however, *loooove* me some hockey.
"YEA BUT WE NEED PEOPLE TODAY"
I didn't assume you said I was, I was just saying haha. And are you crazy?????????
Just because something is more popular doesn't mean we should get rid of hockey. Lots of people (like me) find Hockey extremely entertaining. I personally think Basketball is boring.
Or just a family with like minded goals that the country likes.
I don't disagree.
I came to the comments hoping someone would have some easy remedy to prevent the jizz-stain *after* you got toothpaste on your shirt. i.e. a special way to clean it up.
Saint Louis vs Chicago &gt;:)
It looks good in the third pic. Maybe try a bun.
What was the difference in your values? There are a *lot* of factors that can result in error. What class was this?
Elliot has been playing amazing, but hopefully Allen is alright.
AWESOME.
You fiend!
hahahahahah
That's not even a good one lol. She has like zero acne.
Awesome! I know what I'll be doing in my summer free time.
It's a unique non-uniqueness.
He says "and so am I" in the video around 25:40. In response to her being synesthetic. Pretty good source.
Can you link me to some similar songs?
Keller is a local kid, too. Would be neat.
Can you post a picture when it's no longer swollen?
I'd love Grey Goo! You're awesome.
If she and Trump debate, then the TV media will *have* to report it, because we all know Trump is going to bring all this crap up.
:(
How do you get it so wet? I've always wanted to paint something in this style.
It's in quotes.
I think he said he was gonna do a BBQ outside but guess not [b/c of the rain] You're moving... moving uses boxes. Moving in the rain=wet boxes. Box is colloquial for vagina. Wet box=wet pussy. I think it's a quality joke hahaha
You should be like "OMG I finally got your joke!" I'm a guy and that'd make me laugh.
Really like this. By the thumbnail I thought it'd be really detailed, but I was pleasantly surprised by it's painterly look. Awesome job. A lot of detail with so few brushstrokes.
That's what I thought it was. Maybe add some brownish grey.
Bud Select is good I don't know what everyone is talking about
Thank you! It isn't finished yet. I am hoping to add more blue to the green in the sky so it's not green. Also to make the sky more orange than yellowy-orange--it was hard because this was all wet on wet. I was thinking of adding a small boat--or something--in the distance. I'm happy you feel the bottom half needs something, too.
Well she was Secretary of State and was *allegedly* being idiotic with her email. I think this is more reasonable. If she has nothing to hide then it isn't a big deal, right?
Now you're just being silly.
Worked on it a bit today. Here's an update: http://imgur.com/U2uBDXE Gonna let it dry a lot more before I work on it again so I can get the sky bluer and the oranges oranger.
That's awesome man! So cool of Craig to come out and play. He gained a fan today.
Imagination
Thanks! I have been looking at pictures, but just to do exactly what you're saying. I was going to do more of that when it was dry because you can see the left half of the sky is kind of green because I erased the orange with blue. So the yellow in the orange made it a little green. I have to wait for it to dry to make it bluer and then I'll try to put some dark edges/areas in the orange cloud. Like in [this](https://bonexpose.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Contact-Us.jpg) Then I'll also add more stuff in the water (colors) because it'll be dry and I can scumble it.
Yeah I've wanted to try acrylics but I have a bunch of oil paint so I might as well use it until I run out haha.
Do you use the acrylics you mentioned to me or do you use normal acrylics?
I like it but the only issue I have with it is the right arm (her left). My eyes immediately went there and I have a hard time looking away from it. There's a lot of contrast in colors there, so the eyes tend to look there.
Don't lie to me
Follow-up tip: If you time manage well enough, you *can* go to every party while keeping a decent GPA.
Why not just do TBC and WoTLK esque movies. In that order. Ending with Arthas' demise on the Frozen Throne.
How long did this take?
Wow. What was the process like?
Hahah he is so happy
Or he just won the Stanley Cup. He was the right player for Toronto at the wrong time.
General Chemistry doesn't need Calc 1 or 2. Chemistry majors, however, we are required to take up to Calc 2 and also Physics I and II.
RIP
He's been good on features lately. No problem is dope.
I thought polls didn't mean anything when it came to Bernie Sanders?
Thank you for taking Magnus Pajaarvi off our hands.
I know! I hope it's an actual possibility. Though I don't know how true it could be because we just re-signed Jaskin.
Wow. Only 2 months? Oil or acrylic?
Pizza's truest form should not require an acquired taste.
Because it was in a comment section of a video and people like to steal videos from comments and post them for their own karma.
I agree. They're making so much money like this.
He sure as hell isn't being protected!
Holy fuck it's Kevin from AOTS. Literally watched a clip from AOTS last night from the first time in so many years, and now here he is... weird how that works.
No AC in the dorm?
I love you.
I don't get why +/- is a bad stat. If you have a team with all + players, chances are you win a lot of games.
Corona tastes like feet!
They're weirdly hard to draw.
Let's hope it's Blues Stars &gt;:)
Let's hope it's Blues Stars &gt;:)
Pestello will probably paint the walls rainbow and remove all pieces of art so everyone feels included.
I agree. If you did that and varied the placement of the flowers more, it would be a much better painting. The rest of it is nice, though.
Also all of their big names are getting old or are Brad Marchand.
I got ranger boots way back when and sold them for 2 mil. Bought an infinity hat and something else. A few weeks later they rose to 20 something mil and I was heartbroken.
Like.
It did not affect me personally so it really isn't a huge deal to me. It sucks people died but it's not a major thing in my life. You should not be grieving like you lost brothers/sisters because you didn't. It's ok :)
What a peculiar channel! I like that man.
God fuck that call!
You could do what another commenter suggested and maybe make the neck a little thinner. Might be easier than painting the whole head over.
Comment
Yeah! Gross!!
I don't think so.
No, that's Pavelski. Idiot.
I want almost nothing from Boston. Sorry.
Can we post it tomorrow again for the NHL draft?
Ok wise guy. ^^^^:)
I like it. I wasn't sure how I liked the canvas showing through the different areas of paint, but I really like this.
hahahah Puljujarvi looked so confused.
hahahah ohh WOW!
Kunin seems like a huge douche hahah.
I figured it wouldn't work. My friend asked me if it would work instead of KOC(CH3)3 because the answer key in the book says "Or any strong base". I said it wouldn't work, but my only reasoning being that I'd never seen it done before and have only seen NaH for making ylides and acetylides and such. Thank you.
Hm. I've just never seen NaH used in a textbook/cannot find it being used anywhere online. As I said somewhere else, I know it can be used for ylide and acetylide formation, but I just never figured it for e2.
This is great.
It's an orangey yellow. Perhaps add a violet to dull it a bit and make it look more distant. Also, less detail is more for something in the distance. But I agree that it is challenging to get this effect in a painting!
I've always gone the "wrong" way. 1v1 me fight pit
Does sign language have rhyming?
Do you recommend making my flesh tones out of the primary colors then instead of yellow ochre and alizarin crimson and white? As in, make an orange, dull it with blue, and add white and such? I figure I can fix the shapes of the eyes with more shading and detail. I know the whites of the eyes aren't supposed to be white, and I need to fix that--you can see I have a ways to go haha. I know I do not have the talent to make it look amazingly photorealistic, but I just want it to look decent enough to hang in a college apartment and have people appreciate it and know it looks like my roommates and me. I hope fixing the eyes and hairs can help with that. Also you're right, some of the skin is weirdly colored and I need to fix that, too. Thank you!
Thanks! And yeah, the guy on the right's eyes are pretty wonky. It's just weird painting it because they are not perfectly level in the reference. Would you suggest me just painting over his eyes with a fleshy color and starting that over? Then maybe I can get the darkness of his eye wells a bit more correct? Also, do you think it would be unwise to switch to the yellow ochre, burnt sienna, and ivory black after doing my first layers with yellow ochre and alizarin? I also like your suggestion of a mirror.
Thank you very much. Do you have any recommendations of colors to use? I feel like at this point it should be more up to me--but I obviously have a lot to learn for portraits. The other stuff I've painted have been paintings where there are a lot of colors that mix together and I can blend it so it looks fine. This, obviously, is more sensitive--and I very much appreciate all your help. For the guy in the bottom row on the right (really rosy cheeks) how will I get the cheeks that red without it looking like a clown or really pink?
Yeah, also it's strange because the head is kind of tilted up, so it's a strange perspective. That one's me, so hopefully I can get my own portrait good enough to my own liking haha... I feel that one will be the toughest.
We saw that you can only get a 35th overall for a damn good goalie. So maybe 30th overall for Bishop.
Evgeni Malkin and the rest of the Blackhawks will be there to take us out in the first round next year.
No Petro for you.
I see you're a Hawks fan but I'd love you if you did a Tarasenko or Parayko.
Mists is not on par with TBC
Nice. Love the sky and love the stark contrast in the water with that greyish blue.
I don't blame Shatty. Edmonton is a cold, desolate place to live for years.
Only time I thought it was appropriate was in HP7 when Mrs. Weasley killed Bellatrix.
How was it watching it on TV? I was there and it was unreal. I just hope it transferred to TV.
He had 6 in 13 last year as a bottom liner. That's producing to me.
I liked him. Gets to the dirty areas of the ice and wasn't given much of a chance.
Wow. Can't even pick one team. I'm a Blues fan... FUCK THE HAWKS
By that logic we should stop doing the national anthem and saluting veterans at games, too.
I say we let Shatty go if he's asking for too much and try to sign an UFA. Maybe Radulov. And what are we gonna do with Berglund? I'm ok with keeping him if we pay him less.
Every time we play the Stars I hate them more and more
Fuck yeah buddy. I'm painting a picture of #thekiss
I've played all the expansions. In this one, I leveled to 110, got my first legendary in the same day and can easily get more and more gear with mythics. You're right--this expansion it is so easy to get gear.
Yes, but I raided in Wrath and never got Pandora's Plea from Mimiron, Royal Scepter from LK, AND I was in a guild where we ran HToC 10 man Tribute to Insanity NINE times--guess who the person who never got the mount was? Yeah. Me. And it's not like I only raided Ulduar and ICC once; I've had my fair share of RNG. It's always been in the game and should never go away. It's what keeps the game relatively fair.
If she's allergic to guides.. maybe you're not! http://www.icy-veins.com/wow/affliction-warlock-pve-dps-rotation-cooldowns-abilities Make sure she is itemizing correctly. Rotations are easy--especially in legion.
They tweeted it
I know. I'm not liking our goaltending situation either. I like Hutton though.
I like the bottom one.
Loved that
Yeah.. we should have like a 1A/1B tandem, shake things up a bit with something new.
I hope he keeps his intensity when the rest of the team does. Seems Berglund is always hot when the rest of the team is cold. I'm loving his play this year too, though.
Yeah. It is a shame the man who gave this speech killed himself less than 3 years after giving it. I recommend the full, 20 minute speech. It's got a lot more substance than just the day-to-day bit.
I agree. Allen has shown time and time again that he has the skill to be a good, solid number 1 goaltender. Right now, it's just mental. He's the new #1, he just had a kid, and he's playing a few bad games. It's a snowball right now and the snow needs to melt and freeze into ice. A wall of ice. He needs a good game--maybe two or three--but just some good stints, and he'll be back to form.
Why do you have George Washington as a devil? He's as badass as Teddy.
Put in Brodeur
God damn I miss and love Backes. Wish I could shake his hand.
http://www.nationalreview.com/article/437883/hillarys-america-secret-history-democratic-party-dinesh-dsouza-clinton-foundation There are plenty of other articles, but this one is pretty good.
How does being a bigot help anything, though?
And she typed it... so I don't even know.
That goals against stat is really crazy. We're 75% of the way to last year's total and we have 50% of the season remaining. Yikes.
It's not even a politics subreddit. It's so sad.
Am I missing some joke?
Like of something in real life? Wow. Looks just like the game.
My brother probably doesn't use reddit but posted this link on Facebook today. He's been doing a lot of wood burning art lately and he started a store. Not a whole lot right now but I am sure he would appreciate people just even looking! [Sticksntwigz](https://www.etsy.com/shop/Sticksntwigz?ref=l2-shopheader-name)
I'd say that the people I know well enough to know their political affiliation is filled equally with Republican and Democrat idiots. I just think it's almost hypocritical to call "republicans" out for being racist/xenophobic/etc. while saying that all republicans are that. I am a Republican and am not racist, xenophobic, homophobic, or almost any other "phobic" you can think of--heck, I'm even pro-choice. I hate when people resort to just blaming the other side of the coin, when in reality, the coins are all in the same pocket.
Fuck it. You're right. #Clinton2020
Thanks. It's gotten so bad that at my campus (that is terribly liberal and has hosted awfully disruptive protests in the past few years where people who don't even go to school here would camp out and hang flags upside-down) that the day after Trump was elected, there was a thing held at the middle of campus where a microphone was set up so people could speak their mind. Mostly everyone was speaking against Trump and how bad it will be--and how the people who voted for him are homophobic, xenophobic, etc. All of this reminded me of a high school teacher who would tell us a story each Friday and end class with, "Stand up for what you believe in." and the class would respond, "even if you're standing alone." I listened for forty minutes and only heard things that were of different diction, but not of meaning. I waited my turn for the microphone and started with a, "I'm not a homophobe... etc, and I voted for Trump." I told them that it helps nobody to sit in an echo chamber and hear what they want to hear. Some people got a bit hostile but afterwards people came up to me and shook my hand saying that what I did took some courage. I just grow tired of the ever-increasing hiveminded mindset that some people get into (this subreddit, and even The_Donald). I appreciate your compliment and will continue to try and keep a level head when I am faced with situations. I will continue to stand tall, even if I am alone; and I hope you do the same.
I agree with sobervisionary. It's such a relatable poem, and I like how it's short--just like how a thought about the sound of something so simple would be. I think the one thing that could be different is the title. I feel like with a poem so short, a short, yet descriptive title, could be a cherry on top.
I really like how each line gets short as the poem comes to its end. I am not sure if you were going for it, but I also like how you didn't add periods to the end even though it may have been tempting. What do you mean by "I am a lawyer, not an outlaw?"
Awesome. I wish you luck.
Yes. Find a fraternity at your campus that meshes well with you. Whoever says fraternities are bullshit never was in one. Fraternities are groups of guys that you will have friendships for the rest of your life with. My advice to you is to rush all of the fraternities on your campus, and by that I mean just visit/talk to them all during rush week and see which fits you the best. Also, don't worry about grades--chances are you'll find someone in your fraternity with your same major and they can tutor you and tell you which professors to take. Finally, be yourself, there's a fraternity for everyone.
Race doesn't have anything to do with it, lol
Glenn McCoy! My mom went to school with him. Nice guy.
If you'd like to know my inspiration I'll tell you, but I appreciate your feedback a lot. I have been struggling with this poem a bit so thank you.
Unless he does really well--which he very well could.
Yes. We are playing well!
From an [article](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-epa-ban-media-blackout-social-media-grants-contracts-latest-a7544276.html) linked in the posted article, "This may be a little wider than some previous administrations, but it’s very similar to what others have done." So apparently this is nothing out of the ordinary...
I hope they do keep him in check and I hope President Trump will stick to his promise/plan of limiting terms of Congressmen, which in turn will eventually make Congress younger/give it fresher minds. He's done a good job at doing what he said he was going to do so far. I voted for Trump but I am studying to be a Chemist. To be honest, the thing I dislike the most about Trump are his views on science. Thankfully though, he can only cut federal money on science, which may cause private companies to get more contracts and thus increase the demand for scientists.
I decided to remove the last line because after some thought through the criticism and realized it didn't really add a whole lot. The "bothering" and "guest" line are about the lint doesn't bother me when I don't notice it, but it's not like I leave it in there once I realize it!
I don't see anything in the article that proves he still has his phone... do any of you read the article?
I've since removed the predator and prey line. I'd never considered capitalizing But. But, I did put a stanza break between line 4 and 5, as another reader suggested. And I removed the "and" before "there is no use for your fur" Thanks for your reading and critique, I'm glad you think it's funny and unique.
That makes sense. I'm excited to see him play.
I agree with what the others have said. This poem is almost hard to read because the reader doesn't know where to stop or to keep going. The images you are conveying are very cohesive with your title, and I like that. Play around with different capitalization of your beginning words, and maybe add a stanza break if you think it could make sense. Even expand on an image you have to. Soon enough, this will be an easy and pleasant read. It's pleasant now, just not as easy. Update me if you edit it. :)
They're also complete dicks to one of their kids. They will lay two eggs and whichever hatches first they will feed and take care of. If the second egg hatches and nothing happens to their first-born, they will let the second chick starve.
Fuck that. I'd have dropped.
Won't this force agencies to review old regulations and scrap them if they want to make a new regulation? Sounds like it will to me.
Fight looks it'd be terrible for demo locks.
How is NH? I won't be raiding for a while unfortunately
I wonder what thread count the sheets are
I figured that. But, in a court of law, can someone be punished before they have time to submit an appeal?
I figured. But, in a court of law, can someone be punished before they have time to submit an appeal?
And what do you do now?
Ok but why do you care
I prefer papa Johns over papa murphys. But I like Domino's better if I don't get their disgusting garlic crust.
$30 for a pizza is ridiculous, unless it's a Giordanos pizza
I got them all and my last two were the blue jackets and the flyers.
Everybody but my own team's fans suck
What a gross looking wiener.
I like: Withdrawing from TPP. Signing an [order](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-trump-executive-orders-20170228-story.html) that aims to recruit more women in STEM fields. His view on States' rights and their ability to decide on things like abortion, gay marriage rights (he even [supports](https://www.washingtonpost.com/video/national/trump-says-he-will-protect-lgbt-communities/2016/07/22/c845e608-4fc1-11e6-bf27-405106836f96_video.html) the gays! [which I also support]), etc. 5 year lobbying ban. Open to idea of marijuana legalization (probably would be a state thing though). His intolerance of the media. Things I don't like: view on environment, his seeming lack of professionalism at times (tweets, etc) .
She knows. She sold it at a yard sale and was just happy to get rid of it. I think she paid less than $5 for it originally
I pity you.
You don't think the US has been an oligarchy already??
It's not like vox is any more reputable. There's hardly any news you can read without a grain of salt anymore.
&gt;"Did the President at any time ask you to stop the investigation into Russia" "Not to my understanding, no" So there's your evidence for no obstruction of justice.
Or it's something that people can easily misconstrue lol
You don't know the Trump campaign didn't. How do you know the Hilary campaign didn't? I'm being serious.
How does nobody understand that the media is full of liars and liberal propaganda?
It could be. Nobody knows what it means other than Comey.
That's fine. Just because something is classified doesn't mean it is negative towards Trump, though. It just means that it's something the public doesn't need to know; and we the public don't need to know for a variety of reasons. Speculating does no good.
Who is this and what happened?
Hmm, good point. Perhaps the question is neither NF nor F.
Yes
I'm high as fuck and thought it was just me. But no, this is just so weird lol
Oh shit haha maybe.
You can blame the refs for the early whistle all you want... but NSH couldn't score on the PP..
They used to call it.
I do remember little bear! And franklin!
Coming from a non-fan, basketball is painful to watch.
Nah, I like watching sports and I like college basketball, but I just can't get into the NBA.
Refs have too much control. I hate how teams get so many timeouts. I hate how travel has 3 steps instead of 2. I hate how players will shoot while being guarded then intentionally hit their arm into the defender to draw a foul. I think it's silly how just a little touch *after* a shot has gone off is a foul. I hate how there are two teams that are so far-and-above the other teams that it's unfair. I mean GS lost *one* game in the playoffs and 15 in the entire regular season. It's ridiculous. I also hated how Steph Curry was celebrating while *on* the court *with* the ball in his hands. Poor sportsmanship.
I originally tried it with some stadium brats because I love tatar sauce and was out of fish and needed something to try it on. I added some sweet+spicy BBQ sauce and BAM, it was amazing. You *can* go overboard with the tartar sauce, though, so be wary.
It is!! You need to try it. With some Sweet+Spicy BBQ sauce, the tartar sauce pairs well.
Analytical chemistry intern for a company that helps feed over 2 billion people. Wake up at 6am and get home at around 5, 530. Drink beer and fuck sluts on the weekend. Rinse repeat and I'm having a good time.
Where at? I've got a friend at Pfizer who has to look at journals in her free time too. I'd fucking hate that. In my free time I do homework for a class I'm taking and look at porn gifs on my phone
Maybe they realized you probably weren't playing baseball with congressmen.
It'd take a lot I think... he's a great player and then they'd have to play against him constantly
Wow thanks!!
Wait what? Context?
EDMUNDSON, JASKIN/BARBASHEV, BOTH OUR FIRSTS, FOR NYLANDER.
I believe so because of something she posted on FB saying how she can't wait to live in the WH for the next four years.
Can you explain to me? I haven't played RS in a while
But I don't get why it matters if you hit the "rare" drop table, if one of the items you get aren't worth anything. I guess maybe to see how often you're getting close to the rare item you want
Jaskin
I feel like analytical will always be in demand.
I think transgender bathrooms in public schools are different than in a store or something, though. Teenagers are idiots and it could cause a lot of problems in a bunch of school.
What is wrong with the Blues?
Go to the game with him :-)
HEY! There's nothing wrong with Lannex.
Out of all the times I've done coke, the closest thing to a mirror I've done it off is a glass table. What's the deal with mirrors? Maybe an easy check to see that there's no residue?
I'm a big fan of a key bump in the bathroom stall too, though.
Wow. Huge gap from when we play Chicago. October (1), March (1), April (2). Kind of unfortunate. Also, 3 games vs Vegas!
The cocaine was made from the small hands of little Colombian boys. Extracted using sulfuric acid and sodium hydroxide. You care about some MacDonalds grease from your fingers on your keys getting in ya nose?
Am I the only one around here who thinks Stastny is that guy? I mean, Hitch hardly ever played him with Tarasenko, and once Yeo started to do it, he got hurt. I'd like to see a *full* season with 17-26-91 to see what magic happens.
27 is Petro though
74 pts in 82 GP in 2016-17 and 77 pts in 80 GP in 2015-16. Hardly a slump I'd say.
I didn't watch all your guys' games so I can't speak to that, but I understand. Streakiness is tough, but he still had more cumulative points than a lot of players in the NHL. Tough day for you guys I'd say :(
Why are people so high on this guy if he only was drafted 22?
But keep in mind we already had a first this year
Why is this bad for PIT? Just wait until you see 75 on the ice for you.
Maybe we will sign him again next year :-)
You'll love him. I'm envious
We keep it if top 10??? That's not bad at all
Ah ok. I don't foresee us having a top 10 pick anyway.
Thanks
Interviews like this make me love Trump more each time.
The media is accusing President Trump for serious crimes.
I think both are gay.
I am at work. I am commenting to watch later. Thank you.
Nice blanket statement, lol.
I disagree with you.
I don't believe the president is a predator, nor are the troops dying for nothing. I think calling the people "resisting" the true patriots is a bit hyperbolic and naïve. Also, the entire blanket generalization of republicans.
:-)
How is this on the front page of /r/politics?????????????? This is ridiculous lol.
Method validations! Woo!!!
Really? I think he's a bit old.
"President compliments woman and says she does a good job at her job" More at 11
Beating your boss in tennis every week.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m55RtBUyKcA
So then if everyone who's a possibility to sign is making millions of dollars, the extra 150k doesn't matter, does it?
I don't have any stats, but let's work through this together. Let's say you're studying finance at a decent school getting decent grades. You apply for internships your junior year, *maybe* your sophomore year and you work in the summer for Edward Jones or some sort of firm. You make connections and your resume is built up and you have something to take to an interview. Instead of when the interviewer asks you, "what do you know about the trading and sales of bonds?" and you respond with, "well, I know from in school that.... *BUT I WOULD BE REALLY INTERESTED TO WORK WITH THEM*..." you can say, "Yeah, I learned about them in school, and then I learned from my experience with ___ for __ months, that they're actually more like ___ and I really actually enjoy working with bonds and found a real knack for it." You can apply that to any business degree. Science degrees, too. Hell, maybe even a communications degree. But with Women + Gender's studies or African American Studies... what the hell do you think you can *DO* for a job with that? Why would any employer hire somebody who has zero experience with anything that this future employee may do? Sure, you can train someone with that degree to do anything someone with a business degree can (I think degrees are kind of just formalities and you learn the most from experience) do, but why would an employer risk it? I'm sure there are stats out there on this... but that's just using some common sense and experience to apply to this "feeling" I have.
Ah of course! Also, I have a wiener! :-)
Remove him for what? He didn't say anything bad about this woman, just stated that, "She was bleeding from a face lift." When is stating a fact considered bad?
Idk man, nothing beats a Ralph Lauren soft cotton polo.
Neat
I always go with the grass starters. I have a bulbasaur tattoo on my foot!
Cool.
I like this story.
Right?? When I buy a losing lottery ticket from the clerk, I don't go back to them expecting them to give me money.
Why???
Holy SHIT
The Blues have the best seats in the house!!
Schenn and Tarasenko have the same amount of points? Wtf?
Yea my girlfriend is 4'11 and I'd love for her ass to look like hers lol. At least for a day or so.
They made $45 from me when I went there in October and the Blues lost in OT.
Reminds me of [this](https://twitter.com/bigracks/status/930664984870379521/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&amp;ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.complex.com%2Fmusic%2F2017%2F11%2Ftravis-scott-meme)
Sounds similar to my girlfriend.
Women don't make any sense. She'll get over it. Sometimes you just have to show them instead of tell them.
I think it’s less of an argument of “positive impact” versus detriment. Poorer, less educated immigrants are more likely to cause harm to our country than better it. We have enough problems with our own poor and uneducated folk. Why do we want more of them?
I agree. But anybody can *say* they will work hard and bring success to the country. Not everybody will *do* it. We have an immigration process already, I thought?
I never said I hated immigrants. I just don’t think it should be as easy as crossing a border to get into the United States. Everybody wants to come here, why should we not want the “best”? Yea we should allow people like our ancestors to come... but there needs to be some sort of application process to select those who aren’t going to feed off the “system” and find those who are really out there to be the best American they can.
!redditgarlic
Yes it’s very good. Their pizza is the bomb. Really good when drunk. Probably the best when drunk.
They do. But it tastes wayyyyy better drunk.
What happened to sorting by new on the app???
I liked the reddit app until they fixed things that weren’t broken.
"The extraction of caffeine from chocolate products was based on the procedure described by Kreiser and Martin. A clean-up step was added before injection into the chromatograph. Samples of chocolate bars(0.60 g) and chocolate powders (1.0 g) were weighed into test tubes equipped with Teflon-lined screw caps. The fat was extracted by shaking twice with 30 ml portions of petroleum ether and centrifuging at 470.0g for 10 min. The residual solvent was evaporated by placing the test tubes in a warm water bath. To the residue, water (30 ml) and saturated basic acetate solution (5 ml) were added, and this was followed by centrifugation at 1057.5g for 5 min.NaHCO3was added to the supernatant and the centrifugation was repeated. To the supernatant, 0.1MHCl was added. The solution was then diluted to volume with water into a 100 ml volumetric flask, mixed and injected into a liquid chromatograph" From [HPLC determination of caffeine in tea, chocolateproducts and carbonated beverages](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/\(SICI\)1097-0010\(199910\)79:13%3C1861::AID-JSFA448%3E3.0.CO;2-Y/abstract)
I have a bunch of friends that went abroad, stayed with a host family, and went out a lot and their family didn’t care.
I don’t get why people are surprised when someone is selling reps as real on a reps discord and then when they get a rep instead of a real????
Startbar in stl
I think he’s actually doing it
Better title: it’s the thot that counts
I hope Schwartz helps the Blues turn up the offense again after the all-star break. Blues are too slow and will not do well in the playoffs with the current way we are playing. Goaltending is not the issue--it is goal*scoring*.
I guess it’s nice to have but I don’t think it’ll change anything too much
I don't see the point because when you turn and look you stop sprinting anyway. The biggest pain is holding shift because it makes your pinky hurt. W is no problem. Also, it's not like you're playing WoW where you run so much. This game is a lot of stopping and looting and shooting and whatnot. Whatever makes the people who wanted it happy though, I guess!!
When I hold it down and have been playing for a while, yea!
Like somebody else said, look for industry internships. They help build a resume and you will get a great letter or recommendation from your manager for when you apply to graduate schools. You seem like you have a lot of experience in the lab... so that + good LoR can really offset a good GPA. An above average GRE score will, too.
Yes it's that picture. God... so creepy. Solved!
If you like explaining things and learning about reactions and talking about your research, you should finish graduate school and try to become a professor.
My brother has that degree and works for the government now.
What do you mean? I’m out of the loop
There are. Just restart or something. I mean just build lol
"ASMR" hahahah
Yea. Kanye's album is just... Kanye. Kind of just noise. Introspective noise, but just meh (for me). Yikes is a great song though.
I agree with OP. It's just production-heavy, classic Kanye. Only amazing song is Yikes. The album, however, is very introspective and I think that is what the point of the album is. And I respect it for that.
It's just a combination of a stereotypical Cudi song and a stereotypical MBDTF Kanye song. I like it, but it's nothing super special (to me)
I can feel that.
Pretty much every local Blues game starts at like 7:10, 7:15.
Yea. Kanye is all about production value and how his words "sound" rather than the words in them. (not true for all his songs tho)
Saving for later. Thanks.
My guess is the storm has this deal where depending on what circle it is, it does 1+(1*x) dmg depending on how far along the game was. And I guess the damage was at 7.5 and since it can’t do 7.5, it did 7, 8, 7, 8...
Looks like something from video game art. Nice!
This is like when an English teacher goes in too deep about why curtains are blue.
Why isn’t it? Generally curious.
Why would she lie like that? And why do you assume she’d lie like that?
I don’t not believe the victim, but I also believe Riff Raff. That’s why rape is so hard to convict after the fact. If we’re being honest, this will probably be swept under the rug and forgotten about in a few weeks.
Can a show about a zombie apocalypse actually be good for *nine* seasons?
True. But since it's about *nothing* it can be about *everything*.
Cattlecall. I guess they didn’t say that women can’t be sexist, but they said that saying, “dumbass men” isn’t sexist.
How is dumbass men (when referring to a group of people) not sexist? Why say "men"? Why not just, "dumbass idiots"?
I just think people should be nicer to one another!
VGK just aren't playing as a unit...
He plays with better players.
Can I see it please
I’ve always been saying “next year”. (I’m a blues fan) :(
Them winning brings me the least pain. I had the Bruins but changed it once they lost,
