how about that the scar is the gun in the image? im guessing a tiny % knew that
or you rethink what he wrote
You can't replay missions though. This method is a leak.
well you get extra points if you get a kill with it. so if you're trying to win it can be an interesting choice between more points/favored weapon.
ehhh kind of semantics i guess. currently without this method, you can play it once on a specific map. with this method that valve didn't make public you can do it whenever you want on a variety of them. I don't really care whether it's a leak or not. Glad OP posted though it's kinda fun and I'd like to be able to mess with it more than just the one time.
Hey man I don't come around here as much as I used to but I've seen your analysis recently and it's excellent. Very little opinion, lots of concrete facts organized in a narrative. Great contributions.
They've already been doing this for at least 2 years+. It has always been in their catalogs. For select ssds/ram it lists a price when bought in a combo. It just doesn't advertise it elsewhere. I got that combo when I put my PC together a long while ago.
i bet the same way! I've even made some money off some luck (opened a tf2 hat with a free key long ago and sold for $100). When I'm watching a game I've bet on, you've never seen someone care so much about .08 before!
I think I'm just really trying to figure out a way to continue to see her and not get hurt lol... Initially my emotions were in check. Maybe not so much anymore... I think you've brought me to the same crux that I got to typing all of that out. Thanks.
nah that's not true. it's the silencer + tighter spread
I will never use it because of the stance on adblock. I respect the choice but I and many others aren't interested in it for this reason.
Very true, but analysis and betting strategy are two different things. It's a good thing that so many people play "pick-the-winner" for guys like you and me though.
omg...
lol when should one be trying to scam someone? he's a scared kid -- pathetic by your account -- and yet he's still got you all riled up. I'd much rather see someone who makes a mistake correct it, even if not by their own initiative, rather than leave the deed unexamined. There's a chance he learned something.
I actually agree completely. I think the issue is that there are just a limited number of niches for pistols. They aren't weak, just situational. The only thing to buff on them would be armor pen. And if you make them viable against armor I think you have to make it swappable with 5-7/tec-9 because they would just be redundant. Lack of armor pen is actually what gives it a unique place.
Ya agreed. It deserves its own slot soley based off the fact that it fulfills a unique niche compared to all the other pistols. The guns it swaps with are for entirely different use cases and you should have to pick which one is available to you before the game.
bad odds = good odds!
considering how much money valve is raking in off micro-transactions, and how micro-transactions directly fund a much bigger prize pool in their other competitive e-sports game, I think it's a very fair point regardless of olof being the one to make it. at the very least you have to wonder why there isn't a specific micro-transaction used to fund majors. Is The International Valve run? in contrast to the solely 3rd party valve-endorsed CSGO majors?
I like that. Leaves the judgement out. Opinion-less. I used to follow more closely and think, at least by my standards, I got pretty good at figuring real odds. It was all from watching a ton and seeing how teams fared against eachother. Beyond that and the random technical detail (a team is very good/bad at a map, stand-in, etc.) I think people buy into "noisey" details too much and it skews lounge odds. It's like "Hey - here is all of the relevant information organized in one place for you to make a judgement on." That being said, I guess you're right that it isn't very substantial *analysis* but I find it much more useful than someone giving their opinion based off facts (or not) that they don't flesh out in their post. I frankly put very low value in other people's opinions on real odds (I think most people suck at it), but I do appreciate someone who can summarize the relevant facts.
What about a site that serves as some sort of betting "hub?" I imagine a front page with the most bet on active match playing, lounge match odds with links, a section for analysis (or links/scraping /r/csgobetting), chat, links of current bettable matches, etc. some sort of betting "hangout." right now the place you bet is different than the place you watch which is different than the place you talk about it. i wonder if you can bring it all together to clarify, im not talking about a betting service - the idea is to link to csgolounge and use that userbase, not try to carve your own niche alongside them. that's probably a terrible idea.
Ya I have no illusion that they are tier 1 teams. It's just primarily what I watch (just works out time-wise) so I don't really consider that people might think I'm talking absolutely. Anyways, I've found most people over-exaggerate the skill difference between the top tier 1 NA teams and the bottom ones. The underdog wins more than *expected* and everyone screams "wow never betting NA again, so inconsistent" when in reality they are just overrating the top teams. You're definitely right to think most all NA games are risky, but that's a good thing depending on your betting strategy.
no he wasn't. someone contacts you with a threat then you block them.
i've been gn 4 for several weeks as well. won about 60% of those games and I'm top of the leader board almost every game. A handful of those have been with friends above my rank where I have also done well. Not a complaint - just echoing that mg has a fairly substantial barrier to get into. I've been surprised at about every win for 2 weeks that I haven't ranked up lol
to play with friends. not saying you're wrong mind you
as far as he knows that just puts him in an uncomfortable situation. there is no telling if that would actually have negative consequences for someone.
not to mention powering on/off your components is probably going to wear them out quicker than leaving it on most of the time, particularly mechanical hard drives. This is *reaaaaally* nitpicking but if we're looking minimal impact things you'd need to consider that. In reality it won't really make a real difference whether you turn it off or leave it on.
I mean I completely agree. No significant difference. But if you're going to over-analyze at least be thorough about it!
this is nice to read man. happy for you. compared to my relationship with alcohol (which has terminated) my tobacco relationship has been working quite well lol. That is comparatively, mind you. It's such a big expense and, while generally acclimated, I can at times really feel the effects it has on my body. The more I've come to smoke the less I enjoy each cigarette.
taste/sensation is the first thing that comes to mind. although this is a bit more of just what you're used to probably. Also, the mech mods that you manually drip liquid onto require substantially more setup than pulling out a cig and lighting it. I refer to those because, of what I've used, they produce vapor most similar to cig smoke. I'm probably being too defeatist though. There is probably a balance out their of throat-hit feel and ease-of-use.
trying to switch from cigs to vaping. pick me!
Ya I hear that. I've learned that instead of waiting for motivation to come I just gotta take some action lol. I've waited a long time for motivation to come in different aspects in my life. Long enough to realize it's never going to and I just have to do something lol
meh idk man. I guess it depends on how you look at it. I had a little over $3 when katowice stickers went on sale for .25. Just sold all 15 for around $13. I know that's more than 50%, but if you can double your money every couple months that's a pretty fat steam wallet after a year.
if you're serious just go to GA. your excuse for not going is weak and just doesnt even make sense
Can you elaborate? Like you set odds then you determine how risky it is? Because I feel like risk is just a factor in the real odds. Either way, I agree with OP but: &gt; If you are good with your analysis and you believe your odds are accurate, you bet against any disparity. I think it's a little foolish to treat personal odds as highly accurate. No matter how informed you are, you can never be sure your odds are accurate. That's fine if you account for it. Give yourself a margin for error. Don't bet if you think odds are off 5% or less. Then, I think what maybe you are getting at, have a base bet and scale that according to how confident you are in your odds and how far off csgl odds are from them. off by 10% and you are confident? bet your base. Off by 20% and you are extremely confident in your odds? Bet a maximum of 3x your base (which should be a small percentage of total inventory - 10% or something). Somewhere in the middle bet 2x base. But betting when there is *any* disparity is overzealous imo. I get the concept and respect it -- not enough people do if you ask me -- but we need to account for our inability to know if we want to bet by EV.
Not for everyone.
lol this fly's in the face of EV betting though because you're not interested in comparing real odds to lounge odds. if that 80% overdog is more like a 90% overdog, that's a great bet.
"wish me luck" the nerve of that guy. he's not my *real* dad.
it fills a cheap niche which I think will always make it relatively popular. in terms of price I don't necessarily think this means it will really be *high*... but I'd imagine it will have quite a bit of demand.
what resolution/settings though? 800 x 600 everything low? at 1366X768 with an i7 2760qm and a k2000m @ low/medium settings I average about 100.
I thought it was going to be 2 pics. First pic: GTA 25%-75% off! Oh boy GTA V must be 25% off! Second pic: GTA V: 0% off
would you potentially be interested in a swap for my ft? mine is .3 float, i see yours is .25.
frankly i suspected this. I think the "no no no walls dont work now because valve broke them" sentiment was a bit naive, even if true. Still quite possibly a workaround. but how do you know?
lol i know you're joking, but if they are distinguished from players for valves purposes, then someone can write software that ignores them for their purposes based off that distinction
These posts make me sick. Read it. Is it good to you? Can't tell? Then don't take a side.
Thanks man. I'll look into libraries. I have the A+ on my radar. I'm currently unemployed though so I didn't want to add the extra expense (considering finding something non-IT so I could get certs + experience, contacts, etc.). I actually decided to put windows server 2012 r2 in a virtual machine to tinker around with active directory after seeing it mentioned so much. Haven't gotten it all setup yet, but it's kind of confirmation in itself that this is probably a good venture for me lol (quite directionless for a long time, recently felt IT was the right direction).
also, do you mean vmware player? not VMplayer - can't find that. Also vmware player isn't free and I was just using virtualbox.
actually you are right - it is free
source?
can you help me pinpoint which shorts these are?
I think (good) case-hardened AK's will be much more resistant to the market getting saturated with new AK's compared to items. It's just a unique niche. Besides the noise you cite (operations, majors, valve market changes, etc.), I think they will only rise.
it's kind of hard to tell if the model's boots are worn or if they're just suede
That's why it's a great label. Calling it all Scandinavian doesn't mean there is little difference within the region. The contrast is with realms outside Scandinavia. Talking about Asian fashion doesn't mean all Asian countries have the same fashion, it's just juxtaposing that entire situation with the West. But you can still be offended if you want to.
hmmm... cologne is how long away? like a month or less? id probably wait until then, assuming it's still a popular betting item (not a max bet). If it's going to drop again a bit then it doesn't give you much time for it to rise between now and then. but is it really that popular of a betting item anymore?
definitely worth checking out. especially since you wont find it for cheaper (assuming HM is as cheap as it gets over there too...). Found [these swimtrunks](http://www.hm.com/us/product/31206?article=31206-A#article=31206-A) in store a few weeks ago after seeing they were sold out online.
something versatile I guess. grey, navy, olive, khaki
fine. i would go with some that end right above the knee. Longer looks dumb on everyone and I'd steer away from anything shorter. I think right above the knee looks better on your body type plus shorter would probably just add to your apprehension.
my chippewa Apaches cut into my shins initially, but only for a few days then everything was fine. cant comment on the other question though
nah that's the real hook. the idea is just an excuse
http://www.reddit.com/r/goodyearwelt/ the fine people here would surely recommend coconut oil.
Well I can't say that I know for a fact that there are no exceptions. And there is nothing wrong with being tall and skinny, but if it's something you want to change I think it can be done. Measuring weight from 1 day to the next isn't very useful - there is just so much variance. You have to look at it by the week. At a 500 caloric surplus you should gain 1 pound per week. I know for myself I will binge but eat less meals. It seems like I eat a lot to myself and even others, but in reality the number of calories is going to be less than someone who eats 3-4 high calorie meals a day with several high calorie snacks. Frankly, I'm just lazy, cheap, and heavily sedate my appetite with coffee and cigarettes.
if you look closely at the y, you'll see ^^that ^^pussy ^^is ^^dripping
This really intrigued me. Looks like a set is going for $250+ on ebay.
i've heard good things about next level's t-shirts on amazon for the price-point. http://www.nextlevelapparel.com/Prod-24-1-27-2/fitted-short-sleeve-v.htm
Yup basically this. Time and patience. If you don't take this approach starting out you're going to end up getting a lot of stuff that doesn't fit well and you don't like that much anyways. The "I have an X$ budget give me a shopping list" posts baffle me - they're destined to still have an unsatisfying wardrobe and they'll have spent a lot on it.
I had good luck with this at a local credit union. I had zero credit to my name. Initially when I set up my account I talked to some associate about a credit card and they advised I'd need to start with a secure card. I didn't opt into it at the time. A couple months ago, and after ~6 months of using the bank, I went in to apply for a credit card and talked to the branch manager. I talked to him about wanting to build credit and asked what my options were. He set me up with a regular card, not a secured card. Establish a relationship with a local bank and approach it, as you are here, as a responsible financial move. If you go in with that attitude (instead of "i need more money") then they will probably be happy to help you by escalating your case beyond the automated channels.
"hey dad I got you a present."
sorry man i have to leave you on that one. it's either anything i can scrounge up straight to my face until I can't find my face anymore or nothing. Thankfully the past several years it has been nothing.
which one is lil b?
a post here reports mirage is dropping again for non-operation pass holders. http://www.hltv.org/forum/807497-operation-bloodhound-drops however I can't find any other sources confirming this, least of all from valve. anyone know? there have definitely been more listings for this item but that doesn't necessarily mean more are out there... could just be more people wanting to get rid of them.
learn to hem!
meaning after that game is over there is a short ban on joining games? that makes sense. No reason to lock you out of the game. Especially when you consider Valve wants to cater to a large audience. The low end of the spec spectrum is a significant portion of it's users and that's whose really hurt here.
Counter-strike players always have and always will complain about hit-reg. Regardless of the state of the game people will be dissatisfied with hit-reg. It's sad because it trivializes some very *real* problems with hit-reg. But in reality, even if those were fixed, we'd still hear it till the end of CS.
That's because people treat their odds as if they're true. You're right - our analysis will fail. Give yourself a 5-10% gap and your *chances* (it's still not a guarantee) of profitability should increase significantly. Also, betting for who you think will win is not inherently at odds with betting for expected value (or "betting the odds"). You can do both. It just means to bet on the favored team when they are less favored on lounge than they should be. In addition, the overpay system in csgolounge throws a wrench in all of this, technically. I think it's the best strategy for profitability but it also requires a substantial bankroll.
Lunatik and Method are very much in the same class and have been for quite some time now. Just both very firmly in t2 NA. If odds are 60/40 or wider I'm betting underdog.
http://files.gamebanana.com/img/ss/guis/547511e09048d.jpg
i can't see why
who banned them? do the same people have authority over tempo?
swag is 2nd highest paid in NA, just saying
ya... CLG has proven they're capable of dipping really low. and it's bo1. They're definitely a heavy favorite but I would say more like 85%. Wouldn't even think about betting on CLG. Might as well place a tiny bet on winout or just skip.
ya, there have been several little market crashes in recent history. tournaments, valve market changes, cases, the new operation, etc. and the redline has not recovered from any of them.
I would put this at 60/40. *Maybe* 65/35 c9 at most. @25% a bet on LG is fantastic. Let's not over-complicate this. C9 is the best team in NA and LG is one of the next best. This argument about map advantage on inferno is just distracting. Noise. Both teams have played well on Inferno. LG has a good chance. Let's see how the odds move.
ya it's quite outdated, but it does a lot of interesting things with the data
how does this stuff get taxed?
meh, she probably gets a lot of attention. how else could we expect her to behave?
There is no NA argument. He's talking about the top tier teams in NA. Why would we start the tier list at 2? It's pretty useless to talk about NA teams in comparison to EU when 90% of the NA teams never play anyone outside of NA, and for the ones that do, it's just a couple times out of the year. The EU scene just isn't relevant to NA teams -- this shouldn't be so controversial.
What? I didn't talk about him once.
caster is so fucking pissed at him. love it
exactly
ahh that's an interesting sub. is there any guide around detailing how to min/max this thing? i imagine it takes some time to figure out the best way to go about it.
G2 and F3 are both kind of sporadic. At their average I don't think they are very far off (but a definite nod to flipside - probably 60/40). F3 is high tier 2 g2 is mid tier 2 and both are very inconsistent, wouldn't you say? 70/30 seems off, given that. I'd put it at 65/35 based solely off the previous games but there is no guarantee how these teams show up. It's 70/30 right now and might fall lower for G2. If it does I think I'm going to bet on G2, otherwise skip.
&gt;I know there isn't a "safe" game, but for example Affinty vs Liquid was pretty safe to me, but Liquid vs Cloud9 was not safe at all. No reason to bet big. Great reason to bet big on liquid lol. I mean it was 77-23 right? that's just insane. I think in general if you have respect for expected value and bet NA most of your bets there are going to be on the underdog. I think one of the best ways to become a more profitable bettor is to break the "bet on winner" mentality. If you skip a lot and wait for games with crazy-wrong odds then you can make a lot of profit.
Well I hope you bet on G2. F3 have a pretty poor payout vs. the risk IMO.
pants?
last season inferno was definitely liquid's best map. not sure if that's changed or if people are just forgetting. overall i agree though. I think liquid has a better chance to win but not by a lot. 55/45 or so
It wasn't very close. Not a total stomp but they took a lead and kept it. Exact same matchup. C9 is definitely the favorite but odds for them are pretty shit right now. I feel like LG is the smarter bet. I'm hoping they drop further in light of the fact that C9 beat them convincingly on the same damn map.
the odds definitely are skewed by liquids recent performance. Not to say that should be totally ignored but it doesn't give enough credit to the full picture (liquid and CLG being very close).
which is exactly why it's misleading http://www.reddit.com/r/csgobetting/comments/3ae3jn/upset_ratio_per_match_odds_and_more/csbt2uc
&gt;After being denied a visitor’s visa, he joined Team Dragon Knights as a substitute to obtain an athlete’s visa. I had no clue people in esports could get athlete's visas. Also, can someone clarify whether or not they will be moving to NA?
Adren did a nice one yesterday against C9. Hadn't seen it before. On Cache, Adren was defusing bomb at default on A site. T came out of main and Adren, while staying on bomb, looked towards squeaky and dropped his pistol. Turned out not to phase nothing (I think it was). But nothing was too far so Adren did end up getting the defuse by a split second.
Throw a negev , pistol it into his face, and declare yourself the one true dunklord.
I love how it didn't work but he still got him *with a random jumping glock hs.* God it was so fast. I would have been so frustrated lol
this ones old at this point lol
damn hearth's never take a break. can't believe people will still sleep with them in their homes.
he wondered why they still had odds in the 70's. meaning he thinks they should be at minimum 80, or more, right?
a true hero
im just surprised this isn't the consensus
that's just about the opposite of what he wrote though. do you know how easy it is to win 80%+ of your bets? It's very easy for your average bettor. But how profitable is it?
lmao Nih FF loss because they have to play in ESEA.
then i guess im talking out of my ass on that point. i thought LG had more experience on it. guess nih is 1-1 (all lat month) and lum is 2-1 (2 last month 1 this month).
so you're confirming that you *won't* be banning nuke?
a couple things i noticed. i tried to create an account (and obviously get stopped on the screen saying i dont have a subscription). 1. i think you should have 2 field for entering your PW on the registration page just so people dont fuck it up 2. the fb/twitter/g+ links on the "you do not have a subscription!" page don't work edit: seems the links dont work on the main page either. maybe you dont have it set up yet
that was my assessment as well. i imagine they garnered a lot of high underdog bets. although not THAT many, obviously, as they only have 27% odds.
this map is fucking rape
ya. i was hoping theyd lose pistol and liquid could keep the momentum going. 0-5 c9 as T is a fantastic start for c9
ya he's been quite dominant this tourney.
meh. they are really hot right now. we've seen it before. at their best they are just as good as anyone in NA. C9 is consistently better though. unless this becomes their new normal. i dont expect that though
elige vs brasil
elige vs brasil I'm with you though. I think odds are so skewed because people thought it would be C9 and people really overvalue C9. I mean they are definitely the best team in NA but when Liquid, KeyD or LG are playing well they aren't big favorites.
wow what a crazy last half of OT. KeyD somehow manages to lose the 1st two CT rounds with some huge missed opportunities, have to force 3rd round and somehow win lol takeaway from this tournament: c9 is not as untouchable as many think. the tops teams in NA are pretty close. This has been a misconception for a long time IMO.
"Who is on this random-ass team that is somehow the overdog against Tstorm?" Oh.......
ya wtf? they were right up there with the top NA teams. Sucks to see it turn out like this. Nihilum doing worse, flowsick worse, PC worse... hiko you fucking broke it :(
Ya it's hard to gauge the effect of a stand-in. I think most of their problems have been from a lack of coordination. That move certainly doesn't help but I'm not very familiar with him. Might be different if he's a really strong fragger. Sounds like he's not a significant improvement from what people are saying though.
I think it's definitely a good bet. This game looks like a straight coin flip to me. However, stop ragebetting!
Hell of a last T round for Affnity! 9-6 Affnity, moving to CT side.
i mean it's not the best duo, but i would take that over xp3 and storm anyday
good call. just don't
no, it is the opposite actually. their policy is to not help if you've disabled email confirmation. the idea is that you've agreed to trade without the advised precautions so. still a very scammy thing to say lol
I really hate 2560 x 1080... it just feels so wrong! This is a sweet setup though!
but what were the odds on those games? 4 out of 22 could be profitable.
apparently Dig ["is out of the running for a spot at the finals"](http://www.reddit.com/r/csgobetting/comments/3anipa/virtuspro_vs_dignitas_bo1_22062015_1900_cest/csehjtx) but VP isn't. This guy is just saying they can't make it to the ESEA lan right?
well the better the seed the easier your path is. for example if you have 8 teams and you're the 1 seed your first match will be against the 8 seed. Or if there are any 'byes' then the top seeds get them.
how would that even matter? If the issue was dos then surely playing on the same connection would yield the same result right?
they beat the teams they should beat by a good margin, and played TSM very close. I'd say their history on overpass has definitely been impressive, albeit a small sample.
i guess it depends on how you think of tiers... but c9, liquid, lg, keyd, and even clg, ele, nih are all generally recognized as t1 in NA.
i just bought 1 of each (only had enough for that amount anyways). The popular teams definitely tended to have a higher price. fnatic, vp, and tsm as they established themselves. red was popular too. envy was on the low end, penta, etc. I think for a lack of popularity and especially the color scheme (although TSM is very dull - but org has strong following and they played extremely well).
if mirage isn't banned, what do you think odds are?
dude that last point is really important. odds are prone to be off with a lot of 'noise' and 'hype.' also, get the lounge odds out of your head. After simply watching a ton of games (and betting with mixed results) I started looking at hltv for matches then writing down my odds. When it got close to game start I would compare my odds to lounge and verify there weren't any stand-ins or other crazy factors then place bets accordingly.
i used to be the same way. that was when i first started and got into it. can't necessarily account for why (maybe the novelty just wore off) but the urge has subsided considerably. makes it much easier to discern what is a good bet if you're not set on betting from the outset.
slight map adv to lg on mirage right? and just comparing the two teams, I'd put LG as the favorite by 5-10%
Ya they were very effective on Mirage. I haven't been following as closely but I've heard people say LG is easily the best NA team on Mirage. Which is why I say "slight." Because I do know it was one of CLG's strongest maps at one time.
who was hades playing for again?
2 years? At what point in the history of CS have people not been complaining about hit reg?
http://csgolounge.com/api/matches http://csgolounge.com/api/matches_stats
this is kind of off topic but I was thinking about a project that would include putting csgolounge live/past matches into a database. i saved the csgolounge.com/api/matches as a .csv but I open it in excel and it's all on 1 line -_- I imagine turning it into a .csv would be a lot more workable than making some sort of sraper, right? I understand that's usually what you do if there is not API... I have no idea what I'm doing... lol
nah i bet med/big on affnity. this will definitely be a tease
the show must go on! just bring in 5 stand-ins -ESEA
Ya I asked myself "WHY!?!" But i suppose the idea is to make it an event the players really want to go to. It's an interesting idea, but playing outside would probably be distracting and nobody wants to deal with these sorts of technical difficulties.
shhhhhhhhhhhhh edit: wow RIP odds.
and toy using xbox controller. i mean he does pretty well considering but still edit: oh nevermind I thought you were referring to the 5-9 main team
'shame' 'shame' 'shame'
Two T3 NA teams fight it out on a T4 platform. Will we ever get to see the match? Check back in in 2 hours to find out!
it's awful cant get it working in livestreamer. anyone else have luck with that?
its good for me now. try reloading again
5 minutes of looking at ESEA led me to believe it was probably 60/40 nexus. bloominator is solid but both toy and drone are better. beyond that they are pretty comparable. T1 NA is criticized for being puggy. Do you think teamplay in T3 NA is going to out-weigh skill? then RIP ODDS
Nihilum definitely tends to play to their opponents level. Except when their opponent is good.
on Nihilum? um... sure...
this tampermonkey script adds rosters and maps (i think pulling from here) and provides reddit hltv links. it's super useful http://naf.fi/code/loungemaps.user.js someone here made it and posted it a while ago. the link takes you to the tampermonkey script
lol wow look at this sway
EXITING B DONT SHOOT
It's as good as C9 has ever been and Envyus is struggling, so I'm with you. I think the odds reflect the sentiment that there is a huge gap between tier1 NA and tier1 EU--which there is--but this is probably one of the narrower points in that gap. I'm excited to see it! Sucks this doesn't happen more often. Not enough of a sample size to see how c9 stacks up against Europe.
well someone has to! envyus certainly isn't inspiring anyone
uhhh there is a strong contingent that thinks dignitas is the favorite. 55-60% real odds, which is 25-30% off lounge. Whereas the real chance of c9 winning (whatever it is) is not off by 25-30%. No way they have 45-50% chance. So what I'm getting at is Dig is the better bet all around - more likely to win *and* better expected value.
c9 1st bans mirage every single time for i dont know how long. envy would be smart to not ban it. They can assume c9 will, and if they dont, good for Envy (unless C9 has something up their sleeves. possible but probably not).
i wish we had a larger sample size.
he clearly said 'brain dead fukers'
I don't understand why. There must be a reason. They do it with Dota with great success. Why not CS:GO? Actually, I wonder if it's because pro CS was already very well established. Having to invest in Dota vs. having an already thriving pro CS scene that is thoroughly supported by 3rd party orgs.
I think the first question is why does Dota get a compendium. Did Valve take an active part in growing Dota as an esport? The international is a Valve event, right? I mean in CS:GO we have Valve-sponsored events but no straight-up Valve hosted event. My point is the pro CS scene has been quite mature for a long time, whereas I imagine Valve's investment in the Dota was to get it off the ground and running in full gear right away.
I don't even know how much of it is hype. He's just way more popular than your average NA pro. I never hear him talked about as if he's an exceptional player. No one ever mentions him in conversations about best awpers or IGL's in NA. What's left? Do people really not find him worthy of a spot on a T1 NA team? What idea of Adren is overhyped? That's he's average?
ptr at 6.4.... PTR = Guardian?
e) see shroud with AK (2.4) g) some NA AWPers are also useless with their AWP. see Xp3
http://www.reddit.com/r/csgobetting/comments/2xkd8r/csglscript_showing_the_maps_played_and_rosters/
i feel like most problems come from a place where you are urged to bet. just a general urge to bet. "I want to bet on this game what do?" Bad idea... ideally I think you should really only bet when you see good value. If you're not saying "holy crap those are great odds!" then you probably shouldn't bet. I mean, odds don't have to be off by a huge amount necessarily, but you should definitely be as certain as possible that a team's chances are undervalued by some significant margin. I guess the extreme example is a few weeks ago when c9/liquid was at 75/25. I literally did a double take. It was jarring lol. That's a good sign to bet. Focus your attention down to a single scene and 1 or 2 tiers. For you t1 and t2 EU probably. Another good tip that has helped me is to ignore csgl odds and reddit for a while then make your own odds. Write them down. Odds on csgl are usually consistent with the general consensus here. If you read the comments here, it will justify the csgl odds and cloud your judgment. Verifying lineup and concrete match details is obviously advisable though. It is 100% possible to bet with $5. Split those bets up big time though buddy. I would split that up into .5 and .25 skins. Bet .25 for an ICB and up to $1 for a HUGE bet (for the "holy shit these odds are 100% extremely wrong" bets only). Forget about those 70%+ over-dogs, though (just not worth it for the inconsistent payout at that bet value).
depends on who you ask!
Give them more credit man. They laid an egg on inferno and lost some crucial, winnable rounds on cache. They shouldn't be happy about losing 2-1 to Envyus because they very conceivably could have won.
I have mixed feelings. On the one hand they did show up and be competitive and that's NOT something they've reliably done in the past. But on the other, they completely gave away an entire map and lost some very winnable rounds on cache. TBH I don't think C9 or NA fans should be happy about the performance. They very conceivably could have won the series. Start expecting more.
So long as a close loss is considered a success, there is no huge step forward. Listen, I'm happy C9 showed up and was competitive. That's something we've rarely seen from them internationally in the past. But they made a lot of mistakes they very reasonably could have avoided. I'm disappointed in them for not winning because they very conceivably could have.
i have a friend IRL that hates jokes too
oh my bad, misunderstood your tone. I'm glad they bounced back but that whole map was just an embarrassment.
dude... what? i don't even see the 2nd guy he kills with the awp. where?
not if i do first
is there a good resource for researching these AUS teams?
That's exactly how democracy works.
i dont know who streamline is now, or if they are even a team atm. vox is the old streamline. i mention it because "new lineup" is really vague. if you want to look at the current vox's history, check out streamline's.
he blew some shots too. i dont think there is a manner in which he didn't play poorly lol
i think dig or envy will win
you forgot a couple tsm's
"c9 can be happy. 16-13 good result." They fucking LOST. They demonstrated they are good enough to compete, pretty much shit the bed on T, and lost a close game. You guys if you like c9 and NA this is an insult. Get out of this idea that C9 is handicapped. C9 and c9 fans should not be happy with a 16-13 result where they lost 8-9 consecutive T rounds.
&gt;Saying you like a team is an insult? Your Eastern European reading comprehension is showing.
&gt; I'm from Canada oh god even worse
will they extend this if it goes to 3 maps? just so ripe for an underdog bet right now
im surprised by that because i think id put it at a 40-45% change for MS. But you might be right. from 5,000 to 7,000 bets (when Envy us still had a chance to finish the series) it went from 25%-&gt;30%.
Are people not watching the games? These odds are fukked. Almost the same as the previous match which was clearly off.
i'm sorry. you are not the chosen one.
&gt; And I'm not calling out that guys analysis. The 96% is clearly significantly higher than the combined odds of the games he's bet on -- but the point stands that winrate alone doesn't indicate profitability.
I personally think it's more likely to rise *a bit* than fall. But I would definitely offload them at least a month before the next major (soon). You want to get rid of them before more drop. But if you're going to trade for a knife then I would do it now because you can probably find some cheap knives that are still on the tail-end of the operation crash.
all 3 people could see him. he didnt panic and tried to figure out a way to get all of them. he didn't do it but it was basically impossible. he's actually been fragging well on train too.
shouldn't you have rearranged those to make one a max bet for overpay?
well this way shahzam doesn't have to lead the crusade against esea (he can go back - important for his livelihood) and the info is still out there.
well, kind of sounds like you'd be ok with putting a hit on him. quite frankly I think the shame tactics we use with people who commit sex offenses keeps these people in a sick place where sexual offense is more likely to occur in the future and preserves the trauma for victims. It's worse for everyone.
&gt;Mouz could've lost to VP handily but VP misplayed a lot in some of the important rounds Dude... what? For anyone who didn't watch: Mouse started D2 9-1 and finished the half 11-4 only to go on and lose the map in OT. They were up on Mirage 11-4 and only managed to win 16-13. They started train on *T side* and went up 8-2, ended the half at 8-7 and finally won in 2 OT's. Literally every game was Mouse going up big and VP clawing back into the game. It's the exact reverse of what you say.
WILD CARD
lol wow. I was just saying how the dead weight on elevate probably isn't going anywhere (xp3, storm). RIP Elevate. Tstorm also just got a LOT better. I think Roca is near the top 5 NA rifler's. He's just been rotting on eLevate recently (also - a total chodebag).
uhhh adding two "aimers" is a huge improvement for tstorm
942
storm and daps on the same team... help me...
are you saying they're the 4th best team?
was referring to weapon case 1
allu looking overwhelmed... just chaining multiple misses on hittable shots. edit: as soon as i say this he makes me look like a fool lol. he's doing better on ct side.
celebrate for me. recently chrome forced some sync with my google account and steam considered the browser a new device (activating steam-guard so a 7 day trade ban). I had the match page cached on this machine. I saw the great odds with 5 minutes left and ran up to my laptop. Opened the match and bets were closed. Ran back downstairs, placed a bet on the cached page, then had to run back upstairs and accept on my laptop before the lounge extension automatically tried to accept which would have voided the trade. That's my little story. It was a big win for me lmao. Now that I think of it I could have just accepted on my desktop from the steam client though... lol
i just love how everyone else on envyus has the logo and NBK is just spodermanning
well it's dog protection, for bettors at least. they can still get dogged but since it's all 5 it will either result in a ff or reschedule so you wont lose your skins. however, i dont think the original comment was referring to this. just saying.
wow I'm switching immediately then
just asked fl0m on stream. said he's not. but he did confirm that he's going to tell his friend to come over to play gamecube but it will actually be an intervention. so if you're his friend, be careful. It would probably be wise to set up a reverse-counter intervention.
So you think mouse's chance to beat virtus pro increased about 15% to ~35% between the first and second matchup? Also for reference, the combined csgl odds on overdogs was 74.83% (25.167 underdog). The actual winrate was 75%. I think that's a better method for looking at this but it's still a really small sample size. You can just have no confidence in it's accuracy. Doing this for all of CSGL matches every, the overdog's combined win rate is 1.5% less than combined lounge odds.
i edited my comment significantly... took me a while. had to learn some math lol. kind of says something completely different now (namely odds of winning bo3 based off single map win %).
They don't match well though. I mean, the numbers do, but he compares the wrong ones. Historical win% on *1 map* vs. odds of winning 2 out of 3 maps. Take VP vs. Mouz (first game). Historically, VP has won 81% of maps against mouz. So (based off OP's odd generation method) their chance of winning 2 out of 3 maps is: (.81*.81)+(.81*.19*.81)+(.19*.81*.81) =.91 Look at that example and consider how those other odds really look based off this method. They predict gfinity overdogs to win at a much higher rate than observed (75% -- 9 out of 12) or even what csgl predicts (74.83% average overdog odds). I also don't think it's statistically significant though. I agree 100% recent performance is really important, but there just isn't enough of it to determine what real odds are based off those results.
what was the complication? server side or is a player getting dogged or something?
i saw those rounds to end the half... not sure why you didn't, but they did indeed play them. warmup now
ok thank you. was just trying to gauge if there was anything wrong with TSM for their coming matches.
tsm.
WTF? this stream...
ugh gotta hate that uneven .3 ill get rid of it for you
this game is so over lol. wow
You will regret your bets often if you're using other people's judgment. If you play the odds, you need to be confident about them. If you're just listening to what other people say and then it doesn't turn out how they said then you're immediately going to regret it.. By my estimation TSM was a good value. I'm disappointed they have lost this game so poorly but I don't regret the bet based off all of the information I had prior to the game.
you also have estimate real odds well. you can "play the odds" poorly and lose money.
nope. i forget where he came from but i had the same question. that guy you're thinking of is actually 'denis'
2 out of 3. the 2 wins were this month (both overtime) with the loss coming a couple of months ago. not much to go off but thought id add some details.
I don't really feel like the 16-13 scoreline is worth mentioning - it was 2 months ago. Just browsing through CSGO match history, I feel like Titan's performance over the last month on cobble is definitely more impressive than Navi. Like you say, overall, Navi is the better team but it seems like that may be evened out a bit based on the map.
Was definitely thinking about a Titan bet because I think these teams are in very similar form atm, but Titan really has not been inspiring on cache. Over the past week they have lost 2-16 to Dig in the series deciding map, beat SK only 16-13 (not bad but definitely not good) and lost to NIP 16-8. However, about 2 weeks ago, they beat fnatic 19-15. I guess I would put VP as a small favorite atm. 58-42 maybe.
alright guys, bringing you the important info. Our skin savior Rob-whiz's pc specs: &gt;**OS:** Windows XP &gt;**CPU:** Intel Core 2 &gt;**Memory:** 2.0GB &gt;**Hard Drive**: 180GB Maxtor &gt;**Video Card:** NVIDIA 6800 Ultra &gt;**Sound Card:** Killer NIC &gt;**Headphones:** Razer Piranha &gt;**Monitor:** 19" Samsung CRT &gt;**Mouse:** Razer Lachesis &gt;**Mousepad:** Razer Mantis Speed &gt;**Keyboard:** Razer Tarantula Game Settings: &gt;**Config:** Yes &gt;**Windows Sensitivity:** 4th notch &gt;**In-game Sensitivity:** 2 &gt;**Extra Info:** 1600 dpi, no drive &gt;**In-game Resolution:** 800x600 [All in Noble](https://d1fj4sro0cm5nu.cloudfront.net/global/images/users/130734.1434470253.jpg) And be sure to check into [Hey it's Wade's stream](http://www.twitch.tv/heyitswade) before the match to confirm whether or not Toy will be playing and if he's transitioned from the xbox controller yet. EDIT: Xbox controller confirmed
prepare for ripe Navi odds later today boys
because OP's a proud American - it's almost the 4th of July man. Show some spirit.
you will on underdogs. I make lots of bets in that range and over the last month particularly, I've gotten the *exact* amount almost every time. But of course on bigger and bigger overdogs you're likely going to get less and less (and nothing, as you say).
ehhhh. both teams are shaky atm but VP does have the cache advantage I think. Either way I'll bet titan or skip -- I feel like this one is 58-60% for VP
agreed. titan is playing well today which means *something* but I think odds tend to read too much into this. Overall Navi is definitely the stronger team still. Seeing as odds are now 55/45 titan I will place a bet on Navi if they hold. Hopefully titan shows up strong against VP -- not only because I bet on them but because it should shift odds more lol edit: just saw Guardian is out (and that would explain odd shift more than titans performance). probably skipping.
wait a few more minutes, they pushed bet closing back.
the idea is to retake instead of standing in site where a bunch of t's can run around the corner with tec 9's in your face. tec-9 take on A with smokes to close off the site from car/highway is really common and effective. Envyus did it over and over again on Gfinity and reliably won those rounds even when the team new it was coming (as was the case with VP/titan here). Titan should have had someone car. But other than that it's honestly a really hard proposition. It's a really strong strat even when teams know it's coming. If T's are disciplined and hide you still have to take those close quarter engagements. Having someone to flank A main is also really important.
yes - exactly
No, it was 15-18% when I looked. I estimated their odds were ~20% and like to leave a 5% margin of error to account for the fact that I can't really know real odds so I skipped. But still, I feel like if F3 gets below a certain threshold I should just place *something* on them, regardless of the circumstance.
Solely based off recent performance I think it would be Fnatic then Envy.
good call!
aizy skins aizy life
ya that guy must have missed 5 or 6 shots from close range on a standing target when 1 would have killed him
Dig is playing like a T1 team lately but your point still stands.
For reference, if an event has a 60% chance of happening, the chance that it happens twice in 3 tries is 64.6%, so that's consistent with your bo1 chance.
damn. better evidence using much fewer words. thanks for sharing. max n relax
Definitely high tier 2 NA. No clue globally. not really even worth considering since they aren't going to play anyone outside NA.
it's a rare drop, is it not?
lol what? god i have been out of this game too long. s1mple to liquid is just outrageous
don't undermine the severity of rape by calling that rape
why do you think it's important to note that pheonix is rising because of investors?
do the asian countries play dota through steam though? the fps scene has a much more narrow market globally, although im not sure those dota figures count those players. if so, CSGO has pretty much no chance to reach that
There is no indication that CSGO, or FPS in general can penetrate the Asian market. In fact, history tells us the opposite is almost certain. And you can't just make up for not appealing to the largest market for games. In 2010 icefrog states &gt;I can only give estimates based on getdota.com usage, because I can't track ingame downloads or fansites or downloads from China. It is roughly estimated (based on the statistics from popular Chinese sites) that the Chinese DotA audience is about 40-50% of the worldwide audience. Not counting China, the playerbase is estimated to be somewhere between 7-11 million. I expect the audience to grow even more in the not too distant future. [source](http://www.playdota.com/forums/blog.php?b=892) If that 30 million figure includes china and asia at large, there is no friggin way CSGO can grow that big without appealing to China. I don't mean to say csgo can't grow, just that it has to tap into the same vein as dota, which seems highly unlikely, if it is to approach the same overall player base.
It always has a "them" feel. Like, 'hey people who don't actually care about this stuff -- look at what's happening.' they need to actually be a part of the scene for anyone to take them seriously. I know it's good for the growth of the ~~sport~~ (oh god... figuratively, i guess), but quite frankly, I think ESPN is garbage and dont want them having anything to do with CS.
&gt;If you need a good blowjob, *or have not gotten one yet* this is your chance! [~~F~~Angel4M] edit: wow strikethrough's on f's really dont work well
If you can't be like an ant without ego we will nuke you until you change your mind.
I think you're tip-toeing around a question I've asked a few times. What is life? What qualifies something as being alive? Most people have given a curt answer, or really vague ideas but didn't grasp that they didn't exactly understand either. Some biological definitions I've found: &gt;The quality that distinguishes a vital and functional being from a non-living or dead body or purely chemical matter. Well, that isn't really a definition at all. It identifies it as a 'quality.' What isn't a quality? And of course it's 'vital.' What is life's specific quality? &gt;The state of a material complex or individual characterized by the capacity to perform certain functional activities including metabolism, growth, and reproduction. That is only slight less vague. Life is 'the capacity to perform certain functional activities.' Then they give a few examples of these qualities. What are the other qualities? Is it possible there is something that exists with these qualities but isn't alive? Or something that could exist?
i mean, they are selling at the rate of envyus and at the same price. all of those stickers have performed poorly, just a few a little less so. kinguin isn't even particularly bad, it's just not good... like 75% of those team stickers.
lol... christmas?
i wouldn't buy in (if you are going to) until the (presumably close) operation. It was $2.5 yesterday night, 2.9 this morning, now back to 2.5. I think it clearly wont dip to or even around 1.00, but it's been relatively stable if not declining. I don't see it going up more soon. And if it does I bet it crashes hard from there.
They were discontinued. They are being over-hyped a bit, sure, and of course they wont reach their formerly insane prices, but the removal of the leaderboard doesn't mean they should be less than a buck, or even around a buck. Assuming there is no crash soon, I think we'll see them settle around 2-2.25 in the next week or so and rise from there.
I really wouldn't say it was unpredictable, just that it wasn't predicted. At least here. I mean I hope people can see why they rose in hindsight.
investors. and people who are really using them. i definitely think it's inflated by investors atm but still, people do actually use them and each time they do there are less and less.
i've used bluestacks. it's not terrible, but there are serious functionality issues with lots of apps and it OFTEN prompts you to download apps. It's annoying and takes up a lot of space if you aren't diligent about deleting them. As far as I know it's the best one out there, though. Perhaps this droid4x is better.
lol also has a larger player base
Riot has that shit running SMOOV. There are good and bad things about the lol/csgo scene, but running like clockwork does wonders for the overall product. I much prefer playing and watching csgo but in some ways the esport is less mature. Not pro csgo, the scene, the community, etc., but the *product.*
nope, you're not. i don't get the need to get it on ESPN. streaming online is the superior platform and ESPN is hemorrhaging viewers... viewers that won't care about esports unless they do already. plus espn is just a regular tmz trash circus.
ya I don't get what people want from ESPN.
Actually, the 3rd person perspective is pretty helpful for someone who knows nothing of the game. You'd have no spatial awareness watching csgo for the first time. Or 2nd. Or 3rd..... you have to know the maps. I think the pace of the game is more enjoyable and probably easier to grasp. And you are right, conceptually it is simpler. I just mean to say that I wouldn't call it intuitive for the random onlooker.
i never thought about 'parents,' specifically, but I do wonder if there is a desire for validation from those who are outside of the scene.
I'm sure you can find one with that attitude.
I like my anytime fitness. Switched about a month ago. It's much smaller (1 squat/bench) and the equipment isn't quite as nice but you can't beat 5 mins from home and very light usage. Occasionally I'm the only person using weights, and once the only person in the gym at all.
strongly agree. In fact it is the best at what it is. A budget controller, not just a controller.
still have any moto e's?
I'd consider selling before impending crashes (operation, major, etc.) so sure, maybe. Other than that they're only bound to go up over time.
which might mean now. i mean no one knows when the next operation is but it's got to be due soon. you'd think...
It's subtle. Not so subtle if you live there a long time though. But they kind of treat you like you're a child if you go there. The thing is - you are like a child. Forget the language barrier, the expected social behavior is completely unintuitive for someone that doesn't grow up there. In many ways, they are right in their racist ways. I don't agree with children being bullied because they're 50% 'not-japanese,' however, aand things of that nature.
no one is even willing to consider that this is a positive thing. which doesn't mean every aspect is positive.
is it just me or is reddit getting redder?
When you mandate that you have to serve everyone, you don't bring bigotry into the public eye. That doesn't reform people. They are still there -- resentful and begrudgingly complying. You're burying it. If we didn't make such mandates those people might go find a hole to live in together away from the rest of us.
it's true if he's right
then how do we know they exist?
That's actually Chris Christie's reddit account though.
say that to a room of those women....
Yup. Xenophobia is the term. Xenophobia is bad. For some circles being Xenophobic includes saying 'no' to immigration and deeming some cultural influences worse for societies than others. Not only worse, but straight up dangerous. The far left has expanded the category. They are making more xenophobes by defining it so liberally. And everyone agrees Xenophobia is bad, right?
can you give me an example? this doesn't really resonate with me. I mean I understand black/white thinking but haven't seen it glaringly inSJW shit, but I also don't read any of it.
that just seems negligent
I've been to Japan and never heard a term that summed up that idea... it's just not a talking point here (at least as an explicit phrase). Social cohesion. Why not? Even if it's low you could talk in terms of it increasing. Really interested in reading this, thanks.
No I think it's nice. Especially if I look confused. Maybe I looked confused and I didn't know?
thanks bud
well they have been rising ahead of the other teams as well as they've become more prominent. agree that it's risky though
Each new package devalues the more recent packages a bit though. Sure there is some unique demand for older packages, but it will still take a hit. katowice 2015 STILL isn't close to it's peak from July. I think they are going to tip over and start going down at some point. The old ones will probably always have some unique demand though.
where did you get all the info? I don't know where to find the complete history of an item, it all seems to be limited.
I actually think there is a chance they don't bring back cobble and the rest of the vanilla ones, and introduce 3 new ones with gods/chop/sun.
how do you monetize this?
Nice promotion. I hope it works out for you. Although I guess it's probably in the interest of users not to split between services. Everyone using one service makes the cashout process much better. Good luck.
I feel like the picture background makes it way too busy. a flat color or broad, undetailed design might be easier to look at imo.
When you said "side income" I thought you meant you monetize the data you pull (or what you do with the data you pull, rather). Anyways, cool project.
He's not saying they shouldn't exist he's saying this video is not the essence of advertising.
I think you've got to be more specific. Hopefully you don't want your daughter learning she needs special protection because of her sex.
I really hope the average Joe investor isn't better at investing than a professional. Im not sure that's a significant finding.
Well, you are blatantly discriminating against weight. But people seem to forget discrimination isn't inherently bad. It makes perfect sense in this situation, although I wouldn't want this to be the ONLY model.
Why can we not recognize that it's economical, ethical, and discriminatory? I mean it's crazy to argue it's not discriminatory - that's the whole crux of it. Discrimination isn't inherently bad it's just been co-opted to exclusively talk about malicious forms.
how to join? the spreadsheet link is a dead end. you can get to his main group but the trade link is dead. Also, he has groups for each month but it stops in december.
It is discrimination. Whether or not it keeps you safe is besides the point - which is that discrimination can be total neutral or even positive yet we only talk about it as a negative.
no
&gt;It isn't discrimination that heavier people require more alcohol (and thus costs) to achieve getting drunk That's not a decision, it's biological. You are linking discrimination with unfairness. They are not necessarily the same thing.
When they crash. Buy high sell low.
The decision to charge more for someone who weighs more, and for good reason IMO, is not biological. None of the gender/race nonsense is necessary to sort out whether or not it's discriminatory. The word has been demonized. That's my point. I think I already said it quite clearly: "Discrimination isn't inherently bad."
&gt; Just yesterday i read a piece about how the proper way to invest in oil right now is to hand pick stocks and stay away from ETF's/index/mutual funds. Reason? Because in ETFs/Index/Mutual s you pick the good and the bad which limits your gains. Literally every single source of actual data on investing is that hand picking stocks is a sure way to lose money... Well this makes sense if you want to place a bet purely on the price of oil. Why wouldn't you want a stock that's value is very closely tied to the price of oil if you were buying because you thought it would rise sharply? I'm new to this too so tell me if I'm missing something, but individual stocks are risky because they're volatile. Both ways.
I don't see how you'd lose money if the market is just dropping straight down from here on out though.
is that an assumption or an observation?
way too risky.
People are doing incredible things with twitter, like measuring the epicenter of earthquakes and generating shake maps in real time which aid in response and ... aid. It's an incredibly powerful tool that isn't going anywhere and people are just starting to figure out how to use the data. I'm not saying this will inevitably result in rising stock prices, but it's like they're sitting on top of a gold mine with no entrance.
Compare that to me. I invested *right* before the great recession. I'm up 83%. Obviously I benefited from the great bull run, but I had the experience of putting my money in and watching it immediately dwindle to shit. There probably isn't going to be a similar run in 2 years but there probably isn't going to be a similar drop either. Or maybe there will be. I don't know, but I do know this timing that has you discouraged and it's just NOISE, assuming you are otherwise confident in your investments.
&gt;Perhaps, if you're a beginner, you'll follow this book and avoid the pain and losses. The principles are easy enough to understand. In fact, if you want to save the price of the book, simply go to Vanguard, pick your retirement date, buy a "Target Retirement" fund for that date, and you're done. That's pretty much what the book tells you to do. From an Amazon review... is that fair? It said more than that - about how you'd need the book to understand why. But is that the 'boglehead' way?
&gt; "In the short run, the market is like a voting machine--tallying up which firms are popular and unpopular. But in the long run, the market is like a weighing machine--assessing the substance of a company." I JUST read the opening to "A Random Walk Down Wall Street," where Malkiel characterizes the firm foundation theory and the castle in the sky theory. Basically the two examples from your Graham quote. I haven't read past these characterizations so I don't want to say Malkiel is incomplete, but this quote really brings it into context for me. I thought, "hey, both of these theory's seem right but they can't BOTH be right at the same time."
They'll sink into the ocean first. Seriously though, I would expect Japan to become more closed off rather than more open in light of economic difficulties. Hell, this is what happens on a micro level. You go under economically, and you just don't exist to society anymore. It's the Japanese way...
&gt;Oh, this isn't about Trailer Park Boys... Nope, powerpuff girls.
This isn't really a good argument. I mean you might be right that Austrian economics is worthless but that's not evident because a lot of people think it. That's not logical, but it is ironic, considering this is a forum where that principal is a fundamental (consensus =/= truth).
it only goes back to 1997? that's always the earliest date for me
&gt;"tech company" somehow makes it more valuable than a "auto" company A tech company that fundamentally revolutionizes energy use. Potentially. That's the appeal. I'm not suggesting anything about Tesla, but it's not simply people valuing tech &gt; auto.
I imagine a 2008 type crash would see some rise. In fact the current value probably has a lot to do with it already.
What does that have to do with price? As irrelevant as they are now you can readily trade them for over $350.
I thought the dart was really high performance for it's class? Or is it like a $50 1200 Watt PSU?
ok, fair enough. I was commenting about the discussion here.
Well it's the same as Ford and everywhere else. Looking at Ford's pricing online, their basic model is 30,000 over 4 years + 10,000 down payment + interest for their most basic model.
esports 2013 winter case rose in price AND increased in supply during january. seems like a sign to buy
Is there any reason why the dev's would prefer to keep ether as the only way to pay for gas? As people explain ether's role it seems arbitrary. 0 moat. But I'm not well-versed in the subject so I wonder what people with more knowledge think.
As an aside, if anyone's looking for nicer boat shoes I'd recommend Bass or, surprisingly, Timberland. Seems most only know of Sperry.
With increased automation more people may be more of a strain than benefit to the economy.
What have they spent that much on? Besides developing the app and paying drivers I don't see any obvious expenses
But how many recessions has it signalled which didn't happen? That stat is needed as well to judge the quality of an indicator. If I predict a recession everyday I will always predict every recession.
literally corrupted
That you know of. There are also those that go to school and become teachers and buy used Toyota corollas. You're only ever going to know about the wild ones.
That can't be true. I learned on the internet that cops kill people all the time for no reason so there must have been at least 100 deaths last month.
1-2 month investment is pointless
I think it's plateaued, or nearly so. Declining player base is bad news for investments.
The problem is some people can't find any balance in certain things. For those people 0 video games is a positive thing indeed.
Will probably have to leave this country to find cheap Oceanside. Best bet is Louisiana. Good luck.
No direct deposit and can only buy in certain increments (the price of the etf).
in that case, Africa should be very cheap. Someone was trying to set up a primitive outdoor gym elsewhere here. Seems perfect.
&gt;So by reducing the time required to perform the same work increases power. And to clarify, letting the bar just drop (vs. bringing it down more slowly) decreases time but also decreases work.
Everyone seems to be pretty adamantly in disagreement with this advice. So why do hypertrophy routines incorporate increased time under tension, more total reps, and lower weight? I'm interested in hearing why people think hypertrophy is bro-science.
OP never says anything about taking 1 minute for the eccentric movement. Just because there are diminishing returns doesn't make his friend wrong. **His friend is clearly talking about hypertrophy vs. strength.**
&gt; including by making
No it's not. Rose was overpaid for his contributions. The bulls have a realistic chance of being better but no one sees it because they love Rose.
On top of the fact that the magic are not in win now mode, ibaka isn't even the better "win now" player. This makes no sense whatsoever.
can we get a fuller pic of the knife? from the other angle? looks interesting
https://youtu.be/s4G0Iym_moA?t=650 Watched a video where a guy recommended the product I've linked here for that very thing, in case the rag doesn't work.
It's all speculation though. Voting either way.
This is a deliberate distraction from the actual immigration concerns. Stop peddling racism.
The UK is just being handed back the reigns to problems they didn't have full control of for a long time. Other countries make these decisions. They'll figure it out.
A growing sense of nationalism is always preceded by a marginalization of the native population.
I *really* doubt Trump will win. But point taken - he's gotten this far already.
Hopefully people can treat this nastiness for what it is and not just consider it the only way to support leaving the EU.
Why do you consider that a bad thing for the UK?
How would the UK leaving the EU change their relationship with Ford?
Mistake? Why? What has changed since you bought it Friday? Other than the price.
13.40
Well I'm high on Ford for the reasons most people are low on them. Changing automarket (driver-less, electric, ride-sharing). I think the one's that can manufacture the most will benefit the most. Seems incredibly obvious, really.
Can't really see what's controversial about this comment.
No, it will rally after you enter.
These look really nice. I see so many nice, clean looking first knives. Gives me a lot of hope as a noob. How good were you with using abrasives before these?
So what you're saying is arduinos are for terrorists and all comp sci majors need to be on a watch list?
It would be very easy for him to get it later if he wanted. It's really not a big deal and I value education highly.
Lending club sounds perfect for you!
And has their financial situation been priced in too? Most prices refelect the possibility of multiple outcomes, although not all of these outcomes will or can all come true. Perhaps it's still discounted for it's financial drawbacks too.
At least you're about back where you started.... maybe next year kiddo
Well, maybe some day. But the idea that oil wont be our primary means of energy in our lifetime sounds far-fetched. Gigantic leaps in technology aren't impossible though.
well if we're talking about always buying XOM then I think it's less accurate to run a scenario where you only buy XOM once.
&gt;Now, given your concession that humans have some role, isn't it worthwhile to consider the damages of this role, even if you think it is small? I'd like to play! Assuming Earth's temperature is something we'd like to control (I state this is an assumption because that guy might not agree we even should based on his comment), I think the means would be determined by some combination of the lowest cost (whether that be money, energy, environmental side effects, etc.) and the greatest effect. If humans play a small role and the earth plays a large role then it seems obvious to manipulate the thing with the larger influence if you want to affect the most change. Especially because the smaller thing comes with a great cost to humanity. Extreme energy austerity (without an alternative) would paint the same picture you paint for climate change. It would pretty much fuck everyone. Clearly you can go the more gradual route but the consensus is it's not good enough. To have the most positive effect on earth we would have the most negative effect on humans (without an cheap alternative, which there isn't at the moment). However it remains to be seen what the cost associated with manipulating nature would be, which is of course a factor. That would be something to figure out. But you can pursue it and figure it out at the same time. We are doing it right now in the area we think will have the greatest effect (humans) with alternative energy initiatives and dirty energy austerity measures. So at the least I think given the above scenario, you absolutely would be right to focus on the earth. And to turn the question around, do you think we should effect change in nature to solve climate change? Surely you think it's the minor factor but you already stated that the minor factor should still be pursued since it has some effect, unless that opinion has changed.
Buy as many bushels as you can and then resell it in a few years. If the surplus sustains get in on the alternative crawfish energy cash cow. Only a couple players so far but they are side plays so you might be able to get in front if you throw everything at it. Mortgage, 401k, wifes 401k, etc.
People talk about "Obama's economy" all the time, including major news outlets. That's much more ownership than just the stock market. Besides if you look at the industries leading the way you'll see those Trump figures to favor. How can you say this has nothing to do with Trump when the CEO of Ford says it has to do with Trump? You realize this doesn't say anything about whether or not Trump is a good president right? That's the only potential reason I can identify for not agreeing that this has to do with Trump. It's blatantly obvious this has to do with Trump and it's not that big of a deal.
I mean everyone has their own opinions that you can't expect them to just forget, but there is a shocking lack of actual investment discussion going on here. Practically non-existent.
There are more millennials than baby boomers. Also consider more female millennials are likely contributing to 401k's compared to women in the first half of the boomer years especially receiving pensions. Obviously millennials have more debt working against them. There are many factors here. I'm not sure which way it points but it's NOT clear that baby boomers will draw more money than millennials contribute - and of course even figuring out that problem is simplifying the situation considerably.
Yes but there is another option - switching allocations. Which could absolutely be in the advisers best interest and not yours.
If anything at all that seems like an indicator that they'd contribute more to a 401k
also, I will be staining the cabinets. how easily will i be able to sand between coats by hand? I understand the ROS can't be used for that.
That's why it gets attention
We promise these secrets are terrible but we can't tell you. They're vital and your security is at risk but it's best you just know they exist without knowing anything specific.
The part where it's completely unsubstantiated and previous bias leads people to run with it as if it's 100% verified or even close. Pro tip for the kids out there. When someone says an issue transcends party lines it means the exact opposite.
How do you feel about comey and the fbi?
Hillary was less electable apparently
That's sad. Are you crying?
Don't worry we know you can't be held accountable for your own actions
&gt;You also just inferred that being a bank teller doesn't give you marketable skills, and doesn't make you an asset to teams. The compensation suggests the same thing.
Words are wind
Contextualize your source? Make it work for you.
No minimum wage jobs left sounds like a good thing. Unless you mean getting rid of it.
Ooo with interest and inflation and late fees it looks like YOU owe 1.5 million dollars
Is that what happens if it doesn't turn a profit? Regardless of the business side, it's a really useful and popular service
Why can you only get it for $200 without the ACA?
It increased healthcare costs for the majority of people. And healthcare obviously wasn't cheap to start. There are pro's and con's but that's the motivation behind it's opposition. And Reddit is just a lot more liberal than the average population.
Ya, nobody agrees on what news is fake. That can't be managed
Im 28. I wasn't in Europe in WWII. Concerning the holocaust, almost everything I've heard is that it's real. But if I don't look at the holocaust denial arguments and find them problematic then I can't have as strong of belief that the holocaust happened. I would have a strongly held belief that's weakly supported. Do we want a world where holocaust confirmers are actually ignorant? People shouldn't be so afraid of dissenting opinions. They help us *actually* support our beliefs. Frankly I think this is a big problem with Universities today. There are too many things you aren't allowed to talk about or entertain and now people have ideas that seem totally reasonable but they actually have little support for them.
True in what sense? Google's job is to return relevant searches not the truth. This is often one in the same but not always.
Well, you can't just kick someone out of your store for any reason. They have to be non-protected reasons.
Can you clarify what you mean? Singapore had more immigrants than natives until 1930.
Nice $400 deposit
Ya im sure managing billions in assets is relaxing. You do have a valid point but I think Buffett benefits from a healthy attitude as well.
Why does it happens this way?
Why not leave behind value investing for something more risky? Your inevitable losses will be higher but the unbelievable gains will more than make up for it. Kinda hard to see why anyone would even value invest when you realize this.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Would you be much happier with your portfolio if your bonds performed 5 times better? 1.5%. That's much better relative performance but it would barely have impacted your portfolio. It sounds like you'd be unhappy with bonds either way. Although the other reply to your comment is correct to note that you'd feel much differently about your bonds in a downturn. Consider both of these points.
$F The stock /r/investing loves to hate but pretends the majority love. AMA
And when communication is sufficient to pull it off what can the enemy team do? Somehow promote bad communication between Ryze's teammates or just hope they can't communicate well enough to abuse it? Is that really what it should be balanced around?
But this doesn't make trump look bad. Jesus, people. Hasn't trump done enough to ruin his reputation? Do we really need to fabricate? This twisted story only makes people sympathize with his claims that criticism against him is unreasonable. This has nothing to do with hotels. That's crazy talk.
I'm confused. What part do you think is unconstitutional? The United States has full say over it's borders and Obama banned immigration from Iraq for 6 months in his second term. Can you be more specific about what you find unconstitutional?
Didn't our last President ban immigration from Iraq for 6 months?
To be fair they aren't valid visas anymore. That's what everyone is upset about.
Why would you? Obama didn't list it as a country of concern for the 2015 Terrorist Travel Prevention Act either. And why would he? Saudi Arabia has been an ally since 1933. Whether or not you think they should be an ally is another matter.
Um, because Saudi Arabia is an ally.
Why the fuck would Trump have any business interest in these areas on the list (made in 2015 btw)? You know, instead of the stable one with positive US relations. Of course he has interests in Saudi Arabia and not Somalia.
I think controlling borders is important and we should be more skeptical of people coming from the middle east because it has a lot of problems.
Can you be more specific? We've been banning immigration off and on from certain parts of the world for a very long time.
Maybe those countries were on the list because they're the most problematic. Does this sound like a bold claim to you?
The green card issue seems too extreme to me but otherwise I don't see what the big deal is. Even Obama banned immigration from Iraq in 2013. The area is really unstable. I'm not surprised so many people try to tie this to Trump's personal concerns but I do find that ridiculous as well. It's like no one understands our relationship with Saudi Arabia, for one.
Trump made an executive order that bans immigration from 7 countries (Syria, Somalia, etc.) and invalidates some pre-existing green cards.
Are people really just learning that the middle east is war-torn and primarily Muslim?
So it's not a Muslim ban then ........ ?
I feel like this is someone from the Trump administration starting their grassroots campaign for 2020 already.
Trump incited 9/11? Jesus this guy's done enough real shit to criticize him for. Don't make shit up. It discredits the shit that actually happened.
I think you mean cited. Incited would mean he caused it. I can't think of any other way to interpret it.
The money reason is just an example of our status as allies. It's a complicated relationship but we've been allies with Saudi Arabia for a long time.
That's all fair until you say he's choosing arbitrary countries.
What do you know that the department of homeland security doesn't?
My cl shows around 2k to 5k, although a lot of those are less than 10 years old
I think the details about greencards is too harsh but otherwise I don't see anything crazy. A lot of people feel that way. They just have no reason to be loud about it becquse they aren't outraged.
Sounds like they'd get along great in the middle east
I think he's actually talking about places where if you aren't covered in public you can be openly raped and beaten to death without consequence. Except it's not rape because you're just a whore. You're right though. Definitely comparable to America.
You seem aware that some people can be 100% sure of themselves and completely jaded at the same time.
They're stable. And allies, albeit it a complicated relationship.
No, it means the judgment of which countries are problematic aren't just trumps whackjob ideas. Nothing more
You said they need human shields and im asking what would happen to them if you weren't shielding. And why won't whatever that is just happen to you instead?
Less ethnically diverse countries have higher social cohesion. It's not superior imo, the strengths are just different. Japan is the prime example. I don't think we should strive to be like Japan in that way but there are benefits. I think you can go too far in the opposite direction as well.
Can you explain the originalist vs judicial distinction? I don't understand their meaning in your argument
You realize Trump is the president right? That's like saying your boss can't fire you even though you refuse to perform your job description. Commend her for digging her heels in if you want but it's puzzling that you think it's illegal. You seem caught in this storm.
That doesn't negate his point
Ya the middle east is both war torn and predominantly muslim. I feel like everyone can agree on that.
What's that rumored order?
No, he means what in the constitution? You can't just use unconstitutional to mean "my interpretation of what america is."
How so? This sounds dramatic to me.
You're right. Doesn't have anything to do with whether or not it's constitutional. I think i replied to the wrong comment.
Is the average person from those 7 countries more, less, or just as accepting of lgbt rights? I assume that's the point they're getting at? Doesn't seem woefully illogical.
It's crazy to think he could do no right to some people because of his race. Especially when there were actual heinous things like the natural defense authorization act. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Defense_Authorization_Act_for_Fiscal_Year_2012
Yes, that's true. Is it worse than the middle east?
Depending on others for emotional security.
This is insignificant
Perhaps you're not aware that part of the Paris Agreement entails the United States (and other countries) giving developing countries 100B dollars for clean energy development. Now consider that on top of the fact that there are no penalties if countries don't meet the emissions cuts. So the cost is high and it's not at all clear if there would be any gain. It's just a poorly run initiative.
Indian rappers? Sounds bad.
Fake account
I just don't understand why people are surprised that others don't symparthize when they occupy the highway. It's happened 5 times in 2 years here. I get that your point is to be disruptive but how can you not comprehend that people are just going to resent you for being obstructive? They act all surprised. It seriously just looks like a group that wants to find reasons to be angry.
Wow. Tyler Durden writes a lot of articles for that site.
70k commuter?
Nice job man. Share your story?
I think your perspective is overlooked. There are AI companies that will lose. But there are established companies that will utilize AI to great effect regardless of what AI companies win or lose. 3M stands out to me but AI has such broad application that you can't really avoid it. WMT, MCD, etc will all get a big boost from AI. Some are purer pkays than others but I think the companies that will benefit from AI rather than the ones who develop it offer the superior risk/reward opportunity for myself at least. IBM is a good example. Will it be a leading provider or will it go bust? At this point both are quite possible. But there is 0 doubt that automation will increase margins, production output, AND quality for 3M by a significant amount for a very long time.
&gt; The market can remain irrational for longer than you can remain solvent. You're misusing this cliche. It's true but just irrelevant here. There is no problem with solvency if you're just sitting around waiting for something to crash.
It was one of the reasons why it was so bad but definitely not a cause for it happening. It was the lack of transparency over debt quality. Bad debt quality (the "anyone could get a huge loan" factor) is not necessarily bad by itself. It's bad when it's rated as OK or even good.
I can't tell if you disagree with me or just want to take this opportunity to jerk off Tesla. Speaking of Tesla, perhaps you could elaborate? You say it has self driving hardware. You say it can parallel park and you can input the destination. Are you saying Teslas are autonomous or not?
Looking at pics on Google and I don't understand. It looks like the sandwiches are all premade and just stocked on the wall. Is this common in the UK? There are no restaurants in the US like this.
Dude trying McDonald's in a foreign country is the best.
Sure if you have 100k cash to invest when you're 18 instead of getting a low demand degree. Would still underperform a high demand degree though. That you'd have 4 years of tuition to invest is just a ridiculous assumption.
That is far beyond the starting pay for kindergarten teachers here
Who?
It's impossible not to be long AI. Everything will utilize it.
He asks him when it will happen and he says within 2 years. He asks him why it will happen and he says not only that he doesn't know, but that we fundamentally can't know. This is just wildly illogical.
Or AMD down 27% in 24hrs
Then you should be invested in US Treasuries instead. Money in an equity index entails risk. If you don't think they're undervalued then you're exposing yourself to risk for no reason.
Compared to around 8% for GM or Ford. But it's not apples to apples because Tesla excludes R &amp; D from gross margins while GM and Ford do not.
Chanos, right?
Even if you're 100% behind his cause you can't disprove that he's an attention seeker. That's the whole point.
Ya that sounds convenient
&gt;Our fries are a mix of carrots, potatoes, and yams. Out juices are awesome and some of our protein smoothies taste better than a ice cream shake but 1/2 the calories. You need to give up on this part. Don't call those fries!
Even a 133,332% gain isn't enough to convince me to read all of that.
All these words and no insight into fundamental value.
I didn't realize I needed to simplify it further. Fundamental value refers to the actual value of the stock. Then to make it a question we can ask: "*What is* the actual value of the stock?"
Why doesn't it need to be part of his analysis?
Shop is utilized to serve as an Alibaba storefront by "dropshippers." Lots of US consumers get products from alibaba via shop. People sell products from ali via amazon as well.
Is AI huge compared to Amazon's current size? NVDAs valuation is largely fueled by AI and their market cap is 20% of Amazon's.
Then go 100% bonds.
Amazon is more expensive than walmart though. It's cheap in the grand scheme of things but not cheaper than walmart.
This shouldn't be understood as walmart simply wanting to hurt Amazon's pocketbook. Walmart doesn't want their information handled by a competitors service.
Depends on how you order. You can get 900 calories for 3 bucks.
Of course it's legal
Why do you consider it a currency? Especially given your recognition that it doesn't work like one.
Ray Jays real reasoning
Documentary was meh. Too many crying immigrants. His presentation to investors is where all the meat is at and the whole thing us on YouTube. Watch that instead.
Source? You say this like it's common knowledge but that would be explicitly illegal. What do you know that the authorities don't?
Im a manufacturing grunt working in a booming metro area and i can afford a house that would shit on the average 1940s house. Anecdotal, I know, but do people not realize how tiny average houses used to be? Average home price adjusted for inflation has gone up but the quality of the product has increased a lot too.
Quality shit
Ya he is also the guy responsible for the epipen price hike. He also figured out the cure for cancer at age 7 but is withholding it because Joe Biden gave him a popsicle to secure the margins for his big pharma bros. How much do you know about Moloch, Hilary Clinton, and the Bohemian grove?
Not nearly as cost effective.
Care? No, im saying such policies don't actually protect anyone.
It depends upon your risk tolerance. They may have had you in a lot of bonds for the sake of preserving capital which is not a bad strategy for 450k. Im not telling you what your risk tolerance is but I can't assume they've been taking advantage of you without knowing what you're in.
He is likely in a lot of bonds. Elsewhere he says he couldn't tolerate a drawdown of 20%. It's probably a good thing, incidentally, that his allocation only grew 10%. 2008 would have laughed at that 20% drawdown. What would OP have done?
If it's most of your net worth you're talking a big risk even if you are very confident in the companies future. Even bigger if you don't have experience valuating companies. Anyways, congrats. Sounds exciting!
I agree with swaglord but let's even ignore his point. What's wrong with them not providing value? Why are they obligated to provide value?
Do people who buy imacs have any concept of vega vs. Nvidias architecture (blanking on the name)? Although regardless of that you're probably right about sales.
The stock jumped when they diluted shares and missed estimates. You're not following your own advice! This stock isn't rational. This has been going on for years. Why now?
