&gt; would be needed to produce any meaningful conclusions Sure they can produce meaningful conclusions, just not about the general population.
&gt; Wii U ~~Exclusive!~~ Excluded!
&gt; the thing was gross, looked mangy They all do, it's just the way they look. First one I saw in my garbage I thought was sick, but the coats of all that i've seen since look similar.
Uhh, the rest of the world has known about this for at least two decades.
[Everything is more popular around the world than pop music](http://srogers.cartodb.com/viz/14ebbf8c-ac44-11e4-8a55-0e018d66dc29/embed_map)
&gt; So then after being fired, she decides to publicly post all that information out of spite? That's not something to be commended. Given that we're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars of IP here, I would assume that poster signed a legally binding non-disclosure agreement, yet still decided to release the information via Reddit. If the poster didn't get sued to oblivion, I'd be surprised.
&gt; Jim Bob Duggar was an idiot for not seeking professional help for his son. There was a post somewhere about his views on incest taken directly from his political website, to the effect of advocating for corporal punishment. In light of this information it's pretty obvious why he tried to bury it. It would be great if one (or more) of his kids came out as gay. I think we'd see his head explode trying to reconcile this with his staunch evangelical and right-wing conservative beliefs.
One of the reasons I've avoided watching the HBO show despite all the hype. I'll wait until I can finish the book series, and then bing-watch the TV show while the book is still fresh in my mind.
Are you saying that someone first needs assets to be eligible to be sued? I'm no legal scholar, but I was under the impression that the company could sue (and possibly win a judgement) on lost profits due to her actions; if she can't pay up, then eventually they would probably garnish wages, and she'd never get out from under that debt.
&gt;That's like, totally different. I'm *not* saying the cops actions were justified--I find it appalling this guy was let "off the hook." But, it *is* a completely different encounter when a police officer kills someone: they're acting as agents of the state for the purpose of enforcing laws, whereas a citizen is not.
&gt; He's lost the story and/or fell too much in love with the fame and fortune his books and the HBO show have given him that the story has lost importance. The guy is famous for the first time in his life, enjoying the paid appearances and all that. I think he deserves to revel in it a while. It was probably a poor professional decision to allow the HBO show to move forward without a completed saga, but it certainly was a good business decision. He could just give up writing tomorrow, and I'd be OK with that. Not because I don't *really* want to read the forthcoming books (I do!), but because life is not so much about pleasing other people, but much more about making sure you're satisfied with what you've done. If he is, then good for him.
I tried to predict when GRR Martin's books would be published based on his past publishing history. It turns out that the *interval* between book publishings is roughly linear, with slope 0.6197 (book indices on y-axis--i.e., 1st book, 2nd book etc.--with intervals between book publishings on the x-axis), and an intercept at (0,1). This empirical model suggests that if GRR Martin's past publishing schedule holds for the future, the 6th book will be released in 2019, and, given that, the final book will be released in 2028.
&gt;they indirectly told him to stop torrenting shows and shit during the job interview This is standard, because it illegal. You shouldn't be breaking the law if you hope to work in a sensitive position.
Well, the didn't *learn* on that POS. A quality instrument certainly helps when learning to play.
TIL I'm OK with the no-color thing.
For most purposes, pseudo random number generators produce strings of numbers that are sufficiently random.
The problem is that "regular people" eat junk food and combine it with lack of exercise. Obviously a star athlete will have no problems temporarily eating garbage, but the average person will just as obviously have lots of problems with it.
..the internet?
I thought that after it reached '0' it would do a check that lasted 0.5-1 second to register a click 'at zero' (for the flair), and then if that failed, it would end.
Maybe he's renting out the upstairs..
Who took these photos?
You know you don't have to be a member of a political party to vote, right?
How often to people order "coffee" there, because I always feel like I'm the only one?
This is an old story. Has to be a repost?
While I agree that humans have evolved to love the taste of fat, so there are probably lots of people that would love that, it looks like waaay too much fat for my taste.
Diggin the Judge Dread one, looks cool.
Is it weird that I really want to know where they got her Pip-Boy?
Uhh, I don't think so. Unless of course you mean committing felonies for releasing classified documents or, you know, generally treasonous behavior.
&gt; and hinted at Comcast sucking at their job I think it's common knowledge that the monopoly model of current cable internet providers stifles innovation and drives up costs, making internet access more prohibitive instead of less. Fiber competitors are a good idea, but the infrastructure for widespread deployment is not available, and won't be any time soon. So, it's not just Comcast that is embarrassingly bad at supplying internet access to the USA, but the other providers don't do any better.
Closing one eye does the same thing...
&gt;Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that Of course he would really mean "median," not average.
No, I think those people getting scared of the black guy are the real racists of the clip.
Don't you resign *after* you've accepted the competing offer from another company? This whole thing doesn't make sense; the first time you're employer is hearing about your offer is when you've already resigned. How could they keep you on board "to find a replacement?"
&gt; You realize some people actually have curiosity, right? Science attracts people like that. Feynman was vocal about his curiosity, where he enjoyed "the kick of the discovery;" figuring out something new about Nature that nobody else on Earth knows at that moment. Speaking as a scientist, I think many of us feel something similar, and are primarily curiosity driven in our research.
&gt; What you do with that knowledge (action) can be bad It is also in how the data are obtained. Even now, there is a lot of paperwork that must be filed for performing experiments on/using humans (even as simple as watching them play video games), and even approval must be gained to show that experiments on animals are humane (e.g., that they don't suffer when sacrificed).
&gt; I still have this phone and use it daily. Do you happen to also carry around a slide rule?
Humans do not think like or as quickly as CPUs. Of course a CPU may have options available to it that humans do not have. In this case, a CPU may have sufficient time to detect an anomaly and "choose" between alternative actions, whereas a human mostly unconsciously processes the input and makes only rudimentary decisions (e.g., keep the car on the road).
&gt; But it's important to know that numbers and math are things we invented and not stuff that actually exist There is debate about whether mathematical relationships are discovered or invented, so I'm a bit unclear on what you mean here.
There is nothing wrong about reaching for a pen and paper to do arithmetic problems. There is no "right way" or a "wrong way" to reach the correct answer to an arithmetic question.
Yes, but not for many others, and definitely not in general.
Considering that employers no longer respect "company loyalty" why should an employee by working so long?
Shouldn't they already have one?
It is definitely an art.
&gt; corporate restaurants take cleanliness very very seriously. I live in the USA, how do I get to the part of the world you live in?
That is one chunky baby...
That was pretty informative, thanks.
You know women are made up of the same stuff as you right? Just a little less of it? Although they may not seem like it, they're pretty durable.
There are machines that do this.
Shouldn't this in the very least be brought to the attention of the FDA? Exactly how a pallet made it into the food production line should be of concern.
Same here. Parking job confirmed his bumper sticker about himself.
Slick detective work. Not sure if I should be impressed or frightened by this.
&gt; put a piece of wood on the back side of the wall (even a paint stick works fine for this) and screw through the wall into the board on either side, and then screw in the patch to that piece of wood This is the way I've always known to do it.
I doubt that was his goal. He probably wanted a settlement from Pepsi, and was going to split the profits with the investors.
&gt; I've said this a number of times, but in ten to twenty years conservatives will be touting the idea that the ACA was basically drafted from their playbook (which portions of it definitely were). Except that it'll always be known now as "Obamacare," which the Republicans coined too.
You're completely disconnected from the market if you think places like McDonalds are staffed primarily by "high school kids."
Thanks for the reassurance, I was worried there we might make it out OK.
I saw them when I was a little kid. It was really entertaining.
It sounds like a lot of people are confusing "choose to identify" with "believe I am." Those are two very different things.
&gt;I won't charge you. ...aaaannnd that's how you haggle.
There's probably a good reason they don't advertise the download speed.
That would just make it more painful, as you eventually succumb but the poo infects the raw wounds. Ugh.
I get on my roof and blow them out with a leaf blower. I should rethink this plan.
&gt; Medicare $$$ goes to hospitals with religious affiliation. Why is education different? At private religious schools at the K12 level, religious 'classes' are often required. This is not the case in a 'religious' hospital.
I guess I was hooked from the books, but the show is very good on its own.
I thought they hit Amos' personality spot on--he's a psychopath after all, with absolutely no moral compass. I'm curious as to why they put Naomi in charge.. I like it so far; tv show Naomi is much more assertive than book Naomi.
I really liked Dark Matter.. waiting for season 2! I also really liked Killjoys.. lots of potential there too.
Didn't the CEO just decide several years ago that reality shows was where the money was, and ditch scripted drama? Nice to finally see SyFy (Sci Fi?) getting back to its bread and butter roots.
You might consider reading the first book. Its an easy read.
Well its worth it to binge the first four episodes now.
The illusion didn't work on me, I just saw a bad law firm ad.
&gt; The last 2 books were shit, and I don't think any future book is going to be much better I read the book series to date in one go over several months, and didn't notice any quality issues between books. In fact, I noticed that the quality remained steady while the story got more complex.
Yes, I'd work hard too if I was self-employed, had millions of dollars and fans, a giant mansion, and no other cares in the world.
You're saving 10% of your income? That's fantastic! I can barely save 3%. Saving that much at your income level is no easy feat. Is it sitting in a savings account or invested? I feel like it's not practical to invest it all, especially given random expenses that can pop up (plumbing problems, new set of tires etc) that you should be prepared to cover in an emergency.
&gt; couldnt the people of mereen potentially grow her armies when she goes back to westeros Wasn't this the obvious intent of building an empire in Essos? I just kind of assumed it would get around to her building an army and invading Westeros.
left at 2 am..
What do you mean by "subpar?" I think the opposite: in a field (sci-fi/fantasy) dominated by terrible writers (e.g., bad grammer, poor word choice, corny stories), his work stands out above and beyond many others.
Sci-fi/fantasy had such a stigma for so long, I kind of wonder what people that used to make fun of it think now, with the huge success of the genre (e.g. Battlestar galactica, GoT, LOTR trilogy). Are they still telling themselves it's stupid, or are they telling themselves that they were stupid for making fun? Don't give much weight to what one naive girl thinks; there are plenty of (beautiful) women out there that are huge nerds.
How did he manage to avoid getting shot and killed by a homeowner? I can't imagine someone breaking into a house at night in the USA and not expecting someone to level a gun at them..
I found [Henry Rollins](http://www.nyrock.com/img/2000/rollins_3.jpg)!
I'd use the "Bob Ross font."
But it's also how republicans still win elections despite all the unpopular extremist rhetoric.
I assumed "think" meant "problem solving," and not "what word does an object bring to mind." Thinking through a problem, for me anyway, requires a mixture of using words (asking myself the right questions) and manipulating objects abstractly via internal visualizations.
Something similar happens to the cells of your body.
&gt; http://www.mediaite.com/tv/are-conservatives-really-going-after-michelle-obama-for-promoting-water/ And I thought /u/MaxIsAlwaysRight was just joking.
Explain!
And don't forget to subsidize the big businesses that let taxpayers supplement their workers income with welfare programs because they pay them so little.
&gt; It's a part of the sentence that has no meaning other than make the sentence syntactically correct I always assumed the "it" here refers to the local environment. Why would it be any different?
&gt; You vote for independence due to what you believe is a positive future over generations. The neat thing about voting is that you can vote any way you want for whatever crazy reasons you like!
It sounds like from the skills you have you could find better work in almost any machine shop. Threading pipe isn't glamorous, but pays more. Also if you're willing to relocate out west, there should be opportunities working for companies that service oil and gas industry.
Targeted strikes against military targets according to rules of engagement is absolutely not "murder." I envy the sheltered life you lead.
&gt; The last author of a paper is typically the principle investigator of the work. This person is the scientist who acquired funding for research and runs the lab. For this paper, the senior author is Dr. Sanford Simon, Elena's father. You're right, this is common; but, the "senior author" often contributes to the study conception, interpretation of data, and sometimes contributing to experimental design. You make it sound as if writing proposals is all they do.
[Relevant XKCD](https://xkcd.com/435/)
I went over to a friends house once and watched his big brother finish Metroid (NES), start to finish in one go. It was amazing. It made such an impression that it stayed with me all these years.
I would assume the STEAM version would not work without some additional effort.
You can negotiate the bill with the hospital, if you don't have insurance to cover the costs. Insurance companies routinely negotiate significantly reduced costs, and so can regular folks.
What does public education have to do with EMS? If those are the two options, it makes far more economical sense for taxpayers to subsidize a public education system that directly contributes to increased GDP by ensuring the entirety of the populace a basic education. It's also well known that increased education correlates positively with increased personal income. It's really a win-win, both personally and as a society.
In another universe, you just won Powerball.
If you're like me it won't matter, you'll just end up calling it "cat" all the time.
Energy is like a currency for motion that gets transformed into local denominations depending on the exchange rate of what is being done. For the acceleration of the point mass you describe, all the work is estimated by the kinetic energy needs via the Work-Energy theorem. And the kinetic energy goes as the square of the speed, which is the source of your observation.
Yes. Every observer sees light traveling at the same measured speed, c (~3x10^8 m/s). So, light from one ship *will* eventually reach the other. One reason why all (non-accelerating) observers will measure the same speed for light, is because Maxwell's equations hold in all inertial reference frames from which the speed of light can be "derived" based on the permittivity and permeability of free space.
I don't think they were armed, though. The Occupy movement as I recall were pacifists. As I understand the situation, the clowns occupying the federal building in OR have threatened armed resistance to being forcibly removed.
How are the tissues not gangrenous without blood flow (required for oxygenation of tissues)? Does it hurt?
It's funny because it's true.
I got this one during the winter sale based on the good reviews, but haven't started it yet.
&gt; If you are working in non-profit, government, or education there are also a lot of student loan forgiveness or repayment options as well You need to be careful about this; public service forgiveness only applies if your government salary is so low that you are unable to repay your loan on the standard repayment plan after 10 years. The only way this occurs is if you fall into an income based repayment plan.
&gt; but I was one of the several thousand stranded on the street and ended up sleeping in my car overnight during the Atlanta Snow Jam of 2014. I never understood that whole thing.. there was around a micron of snow on the ground which somehow disrupted traffic so bad people stayed in their cars? Why didn't anyone just get out and walk an hour or two home? Or to a department store, gas station etc?
&gt; It will eventually become illegal. No, it won't. For the same reason that planes do not fly themselves, nor boats. Self-driving cars might have something to add to highway commerce, but it's not going to be near the level that people are expecting.
I don't see any problem with this as long as the animals are treated with respect and humanely sacrificed. We all eat to survive. So it is, and so it's always been.
Yes I too get excessively long load times with the new beta patch.
The only thing that stops a bad guy with a Longbow is a good guy with a Longbow.
&gt; if the FAA eliminates the line of site requirement Why would they? Now it seems like too much of a liability to allow for anything else.
Wouldn't costs increase significantly due to the additional expertise needed for drivers (or whoever riding along) to pilot them?
&gt;prions use these sheets to "bump" into normal proteins and alter the normal protein's secondary structure to conform to that same high beta-pleated sheet structure This is the important part, but it still doesn't explain *how* a prion transforms a normal-folded protein into a mis-folded one. More precisely, how does the prion "perturb" the normally folded protein so that it reshapes itself into an energetically stable new conformation? The folded protein is so stable because its conformation resides in a deep energy minimum of the configuration space. Also, why is this mechanism irreversible (i.e., why don't normal proteins transform prions into the normal state)?
&gt;"Arkansas politicians cannot pick and choose which parts of the Constitution they want to uphold," Nancy Northup, president and CEO of the Center for Reproductive Rights (CRR), said in a statement on Tuesday. I've never understood why politicians espouse the Constitution as the the most sacred law of the land, and then turn right around to plow through some of its most important provisions.
The plotlines of the books are interesting, IMO much better than Hyperion. However, the main character (Holden) is kind of a caricature of the "good guy," where Amos is nearly the opposite. Despite the character flaws, the stories are pretty good. Definitely worth reading. Wish I had watched some of the show before reading the books though, because the set design of the show is amazing, whereas the books don't describe it to the same effect.
&gt; If the population segment does not have the IQ to handle the coming coding, science, and critical thinking there is no way to retrain them for the jobs that are needed. I've found that anyone with average intelligence can do technician-level work in a knowledge-based field. The primary factor to retraining and success is more of motivation than intelligence.
&gt; Think about how useful you would be if you can talk about protein folding and talk about how to optimize your code for protein folding In research, this skillset isn't too rare.
All I can think of is: "ain't nobody got time for that!"
Well, they're both true, so...
This sort of claim is just absolutely ridiculous. Nearly any technical field requires substantial college preparation. In STEM research fields, for example, a PhD often only qualifies someone to compete for an entry-level position.
Its not like supply side economics was the lastly remaining choice so we had to go with it. Everyone knew (and still knows) that it doesn't work the advertised way in any meaningful sense. If there were desire to shift towards another strategy, plenty of other options have always been available.
I would have favored a rapid response. Not taking care of the situation quickly gives the impression that armed folks could take anything (e.g., a federal bldg) over in the name of "protest", and it will be allowed for at least a good long while.
The exit to this is, I think, exit 22 off I-84 if you're traveling west-bound, and it's an absolute death trap. Not only is the interstate curvy through the gorge, but this exit is a LEFT EXIT. To make it worse, the exit continues straight into the damned parking lot, while the actual road curves to the right, which looks very similar to a normal HWY exit. If it's dark and rainy, it's very easy to take exit 22 while thinking you're on the interstate. It got to be that every time I drove that stretch I would need to specifically hug the right side of the road to avoid taking the exit. Terrible design.
Fair enough. I guess I imagined several of them as a bit older, too.
Under the direction of a mentor/manager/PI, someone like that could be useful just entering data into an Excel sheet. There are plenty of other examples.
Is there a specific reason they picked that building, over a more high-profile target?
&gt; he knows he's going to need some of their votes if he want to become President. He's a billionaire, he doesn't need to "raise money" for them to have an impact. He could write a substantial check himself and be done with it, with little to no real impact on his finances. There is also nearly no chance the general electorate, which hosts a completely different political demographic than the most extreme right wing conservatives of the republican party that have so far supported him, will elect someone like Trump.
Huh, I've never heard of these shoes. Interesting. Pretty good idea, actually.
"Honey, it's time we're having steaks tonight! Fire up the grill!" -farmer
Thats an urban legend that came about from a few examples where some organizations put out official "challenges." Getting jobs with any organization is a mixture of your qualifications, luck, and who you know. There are enough smart people already applying to those places that they have no need to secretly "test" the public to find "the one." It's not "the last starfighter", after all.
Warning: the chimps are VERY good at this game.
in these countries it's much less expensive to pay these women than invest in a new, one-of-a-kind industrial sorting machine.
I have a surface pro for work. It's pretty good, although the keyboard and hinge at the back (or the flap if you have a case) takes up a larger area than a macbook air, for example. The one feature I love is the ability to take and store handwritten notes on it. The pen-writing is very high fidelity.
I think the "up to" is to allow that there is some level of uncertainty in the service. But usually, the consumer should expect the advertised service while experiencing problems only infrequently.
How did this type of culling methodology get to be the "industry standard"? In research, for example, there is an extensive process for [sacrificing animals humanely](https://www.aalas.org/iacuc#.Vq5cCVKig7c). Grinding animals alive would be difficult to get approved.
Well by all accounts it's working perfectly.
I already use something similar at work. Is great for parallelizing numerical jobs.
&gt; I'm quite sure that the software market is a bubble Not to mention that simple programming is easy to pick up, and people are succeeding in the industry with only high school diplomas. Given that there's such a low barrier to entry, it's hard to see how the market won't become saturated shortly.
I would recommend a science, technology, engineering or mathematics (STEM) major. These degrees are some of the most marketable, even at the bachelor's degree level.
Putting reports together is not a novel task, and there's no reason it shouldn't be automated. It frees up time to devote to more meaningful tasks that require intuition, ingenuity, and creative insight--all qualities that computers/machines will not achieve in the near future, if at all.
This is just "par for the course" in basic research.
&gt; I doubt most people would be able to tell you how much they made this year net of taxes They should definitely be able to if they are gainfully employed. The information should be on their paystub/paycheck documentation received each month.
The whole of the article contains personal income numbers too.
Talking about events "before" the big bang is nonsensical according to modern theory.
[Here](http://www.jstor.org/stable/1427566?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents) is a paper that gives an explicit closed-form solution (eq. 2.15, you want the first moment).
To my limited understanding, the reason people don't live indefinitely on heart machines is due to infection. How did this guy not acquire life-threatening infection?
Removal of skin will take care of much, but stretch marks (tear in an intermediate layer of the skin) will fade over time. Don't worry too much, most people have some degree of stretch mark if from only adolescent growth.
The burden of proof is squarely on Trump to demonstrate his wealth, which is a major part of his appeal to the rural folks supporting him. If he's being disingenuous about his personal wealth, then it's not in his favor to release more financial records. However, if his claims of personal wealth are true, then he should feel obligated to disclose his financial documents to demonstrate the value of these holdings to critics. I suspect that his reluctance is congruent with the former instead of the latter.
Why do people consistently anthropomorphize nonhuman animals? Although dogs are loyal animals and are certainly deserving of our attention and care, it would be a great mistake to misconstrue their actions into something like "love".
Pay to *win*
20 years.. that is a horrifying realization. I had to look it up on IMDB just to believe it.
If you find a dead person, you can always call 911. At minimum, just call the police and the authorities will know what to do.
Stretch marks fade after a few years, don't sweat it. Most people have at least some.
Although it is *already* illegal in many states, I'd put driving in the left-hand lane on highways. I just wish highway patrol would enforce it. Left-lane drivers are incredibly dangerous.
"in the style of"
I don't know much about finance, but isn't what you describe the business model used by every bank (like the one I have my checking account at)?
How can you sell a stock without owning it? Do you have the permission of the stock owner? What does the owner get by putting up the asset?
Given that they should have killed them off during the finale airing, i don't feel bad for AMC. It's their own damned fault. Did they really not think it would get spoiled, given similar things they've tried were very quickly revealed (e.g., the Glenn thing)?
They're making a TV show. They need to make their show interesting, and it has been interesting in the past by killing folks off in unexpected ways and without much lead up. This season was really, really bad, and marked a pretty obvious departure from how the show was presented previously. In my opinion.
Did you make the universal "i'm choking" gesture (both hands grasped around your throat)? Did they know what was happening?
If it's real, then Clinton cared enough to preserve it. Or the person he gave it to did.
IMO they should just let the different actors play the colonel--it's obvious they're not being racist by casting a big name like Sam Jackson.
I was always confused and disappointed by the ending to that series. Maybe I should re-read it.
I guess if you couldn't do that type of thing consistently, then you wouldn't have that job for very long...
&gt; and their own copy of Final Fantasy or Chrono Trigger Don't leave me hanging here, can you get Chrono Trigger or not?
&gt; Handing out cabinet positions that should be held by accomplished technocrats to people whose only qualifications are having cut a large check to the Clinton Foundation? The strange and disturbing thing is to contrast this situation with what Trump can be expected to do.
They do, they just don't vote.
You can do that in real life by travelling to china. During their construction boom they literally built empty large cities.
It's the Captain's responsibility to ensure that his crew are properly permitted, and all of his paperwork is in order. His mistake this time cost him dearly, so I doubt he will make it again.
&gt; He did absolutely nothing wrong, he didn't break any tournament rules or any fishing regulations Wasn't the point that the tournament rules required all crew to have licenses? Are you saying that's not true? If so, then it sounds like he has a case.
Two hands for a selfie?
The one in which a sincerely held political belief is termed a "gaffe." How is that not true? Politicians aren't fooling anyone.
He won't be making that mistake again.
Really? A politician lying? /s Seriously though, if we're knocking people running for President for lying, then to be fair we'll need to bring Trump in on this whole debacle.
It seems an attempt to somehow profit by selecting value fluctuations of stocks that are beneficial to you on the short term. Long term holding is better, because on timescales longer than the fluctuations the market trends upward. Just based on the fundamental nature of stochastic fluctuations, I'd say that such rapid trading is a bad idea.
Step 1: Be not poor. Step 2: Refer to Step 1.
&gt;Over here in the US, a good number of people run for president, knowing from the start that their chances of winning are VERY slim to none. Like Donald Trump? You can't be President unless you run, hence the large number of hopefuls on the Republican side.
&gt; is like reading A Feast For Crows. It's painfully slow If you think a GRR Martin book is "slow", then you're probably doing it wrong...
Doesn't Reddit skew white, young, and male? If so, then it's statistically likely that they won't vote at all.
Eat heavy, lift heavy!
Well if she was actually singing (imo it's cheating to lip sync and unprofessional behavior), she would need to hear herself in her ear. Also if the mix delivered to her ear is bad it can cause a problem.
They probably should have..
They missed the opportunity to position "up" higher up on the sign, so that "dn" would be lower. I wonder why?
Someone pointed out he's due an intelligence briefing on the matter around then. The implication being he is lying and knows nothing, but we'll find out when he does. I guess..
I don't know if I buy that someone had it out for her. Yearly events like these, they probably contracted the sound engineering out to a company. The worst that will happen is that company will not be used again, and their word-of-mouth reputation is ruined.
There is no major democratic figure now. They want to blame democrats with no central figure upon which to cast that blame. So they look back to Clinton. They're not interested in moving on and laying out policy, all their positions are reactionary; i.e., dismantle obamacare, end abortion etc.. Where are the new republican initiatives that the public can get behind? There aren't any, and there won't be. Republicans do nothing proactive ant more. What a sad state of things.
MDF disintegrates when wet, so I always avoid it. I typically like using real wood like pine, which is inexpensive and durable.
They've tested this excuse enough that I suspect it will be their official reply whenever Trump further enriches himself at America's expense. I believe they plan to change absolutely nothing to address his expectantly many conflicts of interest over the next 4 years.
As soon as coastal property values plummet from constant flooding they might notice. They already raised a huge stink about FEMAs new high risk flood maps.
They tend to reverse course if other religions get equal treatment from those types of laws. Like allowing atheist displays alongside Christian ones on govt property.
Absolutely other countries look to America for security and leadership on the world stage. Everyone pays attention to US policy, which is why Trumps improbable victory concerns so many foreigners.
[Here is a good, short paper](http://www.ee.ucr.edu/~rlake/Whitesides_writing_res_paper.pdf), describing how to write a paper, but from a chemistry angle. Nevertheless, the general principles extend to writing any type of scientific document. I, personally, tend to write papers largely without a serious outline. I do it by: (1) brainstorming the overall story for the paper, i.e., what one-line synopsis will the reader take away after reading? (2) I make high quality figures of the main results that complement and support the conclusions I want to convey in order to tell the story. (3) *Then* I start writing, by first formulating the "results and discussion" section (or maybe separating the results and discussion into two sections). (4) I finish the paper by writing the introduction, and finally, the abstract. The paper/article can change dramatically while writing results/discussion, depending on additional literature citations, so writing the abstract at the end is key. (5) Abstract/summary: should hook the readers who got enticed by your interesting title, compelling them to read the remaining sections of the article.
So, am I reading this correctly that he thinks people exercising their constitutional rights are "foolish"? I'm sure there are some [second amendment people can do something about it](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-second-amendment-people-could-do-something-about-clinton-judge-choices/).
Donate to national campaigns, probably. That way, your influence can reach candidates in other states.
I would be surprised if that wasn't a very serious injury. Broken bones, lacerations, soft tissue neck damage, etc. Feel really sorry for that kid.
I feel like this is an interesting case study, but pales in comparison to the precedent for the outright and unaplogetic lies; transparent and flagrant conflicts of interest; candid racism, sexism, bigotry and cowardly and petty bullying now considered acceptable practice heralded by Trumps inauguration.
Can he justifiably appoint himself? Based on Obamas pilling, I feel like much or even most of America would be OK with it.
Unfortunately there are indirect consequences of an inhibition on free trade. For example, it's good that 5,000 people have stable jobs in manufacturing, but bad now that everyone's food bill goes up $100 per month because it's more expensive to import.
I suspect that a lot of "white collar", low skill office jobs will inevitably disappear due to software based automation, instead of mechanical automation in blue collar jobs.
I don't know if I buy this as told.. the concrete would have set (maybe it did) and the paper of the bags rotted away. It doesn't take that long. In fact, this is how you can build a simple (ugly) retaining wall quickly.
If you buy something inexpensive and made predominantly from plastic, it's not going to last too long.
I agree with you about the money. It seems as though things didn't get real bad until the supreme court allowed money to freely flow into campaigns.
People can barely muster the stamina to stand in line for 3-6 hours to vote, let alone go back over several days.
I need to know why it's gold plated..
Owwick Bauwin
There's another name for bed-head?
Why does everyone expect multiplayer nowadays? IMO it makes no sense for Mass Effect.
GOP voters will always be that, there is no changing their minds. What this would affect are independent voters who *do* weigh these considerations in their vote.
I'm puzzled by the Hillary Clinton obsession. The election is over, why bring her up at all? Is there a legitimate political threat to Trump? Nope. In fact, she's rarely said anything publicly since the election. How much more irrelevant right now can she be? I suspect that, like everything conservative, Trump supporters live in the past rather than the present, unable to process that their *dear candidate* has some seriously concerning, probably illegal, problems.
Just one terrorist attack that could have been prevented if he didn't ignore intel briefings and he's done. Like impeached, in jail done. The public outrage would transcend any political colors.
Supercomputers rely on compute nodes with many cpus. Gpus are a different architecture, but one can build gpu clusters for problems written in CUDA.
They're really in a bind here. They can't "repeal and delay" because insurers need certainty. Repeal and delay is worse than outright repeal because consumers will feel the burden as insurance companies pull out and premiums shoot up. Their best option is to "shore up" the program by fixing problems found by a bipartisan investigation they will need to commission
To what purpose? Will they start military actions against their neighbors given the new liklihood that the USA won't get involved? I suspect Crimea was a trial-run, and Putin is just biding his time until after 20 January to begin anew.
&gt;DHS has confirmed that the systems compromised by the Russians WERE NOT involved in vote tallying. Uhh.. so, were the compromised systems involved in actual voting then? Not the tallying of the votes, but the act of voting itself?
I like to think you tried to make your successive sentences monotonically longer. Looks like it's not perfect (just one sentence is not successively longer than the next), but it seems beyond coincidence.
Maybe he should have considered that possibility when he decided to run for president? He'll be president shortly, so too bad for him.
He didn't know that congress would be completely republican when he was campaigning: his campaign believed the polling just like everyone else, evidenced at least by his lack of a victory speech preparation. Sometime this year he'll need to address the ethical issues he faces, or public pressure will ultimately force congress to do *something*.
I need a browser add on that replaces his name with DumDum..
Republicans will be around as long as people will vote for them. So they're not going anywhere.
I'm kind of for letting him sink or swim, and if he sinks, he should not be pardoned by Pence, but instead face the full wrath of the law.
Don't even joke about stuff like that.
For days like that it helps if there is no wind.
It reeks of urgent desperation: they NEED to get the TRUTH out before they get SHUT DOWN!!
From my perspective there is a great push for scientists to engage the public directly about their work, especially the relevant implications for everyday life. IIRC, the American Physical Society even has resources for physicists that run for office.
someone didn't read their copy of Nintendo Power for the correct code..
That is interesting, because Daniel Day Lewis is a method actor, and in the movie he looks surprisingly like the butcher in this photograph. Was this image widely distributed in 2000-2001, or whenever he would have been preparing for the role?
4 years from now he'll still be talking about "Hillary". He wants everyone else to "move on" from the Russian hacks (yeah right), but he can't seem to move on from campaigning against an opponent he no longer has.
So is the ethics review optional or is it legally required as part of the appointment process?
This doesn't seem like an unreasonable card illusion. I wouldn't be surprised if I saw a professional casually use something like this. If it's a video cut, then it's extremely well done. A simpler explanation might be he just did the illusion for real. Edit: If you look at the [HD video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmENTzEJAZw&amp;feature=youtu.be), he keeps his left forearm straight with his left hand until the frame before the money appears. In the next frame (when the money first appears), his left hand arcs up, away from his left wrist. I suspect this is meant to eject the bills from his left sleeve.
Well, they're $997.00 + $4.49 shipping. So, only Donald Trump's kids can afford them.
r/StoriesThatEndTooSoon
I couldn't get into the first episode I tried to watch a while back. Maybe I'll give it another go. I like quirky TV comedies like the office, but really hated parks and recreation. Is there a similar show to this one that I might have seen that will keep me going until I'm hooked?
He doesn't read. You would have to say it on TV, preferably during some sort of entertainment program.
But it's called Mad *Max*
&gt; He always survives. Some say the only organisms to survive the 2017 Republican party meltdown will be cockroaches and Mitch McConnell.
Did he actually say that? If so, then he really has no understanding of the constitution. "Separation of church and state" is literally part of the Constitution of the United States under the establishment clause.
what happened?
You give a Republican congress too much credit. What makes you think congress would act at all?
Project99 is an original EQ emulation of the game as it was around Ruins of Kunark. Definitely worth looking into if you liked older EQ more than the modern version. It's a pretty active server, with 1000+ on normally. Nothing like experiencing the EC tunnel like it was before the Bazaar. Also, ignore those praising WoW, they just don't know any better.
To many christians, the USA is a white, Christian nation that merely tolerates other faiths and ethnicities. It's appaling.
&gt; But despite these being cheaper, we still have grocery store and fast-food cashiers People will always prefer interacting with a human being over a machine.
Exit polls taught us that republicans don't have to like, or even think their candidate is competent to secure their vote. So I can see how his approval rating is so low.
Well they sure can now.. in no probable future can republicans ever criticize a Democrat for playing a Trump card.
The executive branch will offer no leadership over the next four years. Instead it will likely be congress. Let that sink in.
Uhh, it's a bit more than that. Have you read the report? There are clear and blatant claims of treason alleged by Trump and his campaign staffers.
Honestly I don't know why she stuck around so long.
They would need to be directed specifically to look into his past. Otherwise it would just come across as Obama using the IC to discredit a politcal rival. Before Trump, people used to think that was a no-no.
Considering republicans are under immense pressure not to rock the boat (given their full control of govt), it's amazing their doing anything at all. If anything happens to Trump, the republican replacement will just pardon him. It's all so depressing.
But he weirdly drank some water on tv once. I think that disqualifies him....
I'm pretty skeptical anything will come of it. History might eventually learn what Trump was into, but I'm leaning against any of the public knowing it over the next 4 years. I don't believe Republicans will jeopardize their political standing to seriously pursue Trump's treason. I predict that, eventually, someone will tell Trump to shut his mouth and everything will reach a political steady-state, press will die down, and this whole thing will lose steam. Unfortunately, democrats are not known for fervent action and so will also lose steam on this issue too. Of course you might see a congressman bring it up every now and again on the floor, but you'll hear about it only if you watch CSPAN.
They complain about govt screwing over small businesses, and then they try to completely wipe out whole industries of small business...
Oh, you mean the same people that have so far ignored warnings of climate change too? Conservatives are responsible for many pending problems the US is set to encounter.
Jesus christ, that's like defending a child molester by saying "what's wrong with being close to children?" Are you kidding me? Trump supporters have earned every ounce of their reputations.
Oh you know, conservatives, such good christians..
This is all too little, too late. The time to decide whether ACA would live on in some form was 8 November. I feel like the life-and-death stories are probably evenly distributed across the republican and democrat populations, but of course the democrats want to keep the ACA. Republicans really need to be realizing at a national level that health care is not a partisan issue, but because democrats dilute the pool of ACA survivors, I don't see enough republicans getting outraged to do anything about it with republican control of government.
&gt; These people weren't dying before Obamacare! So what? What does that have to do with keeping their life-saving healthcare coverage?
&gt; This lack of imagination is why there are no great conservative artists. There is also, curiously, a lack of conservatives represented in scientific research, which could be due to a bias against abstract thought and imagination.
Uhh if she doesn't eat food, then how about we strap her to a toilet and burn the waste for limitless free energy!
They don't seem to understand exactly what "fake news" is, or how to use the terminology. Fake news refers to [fictional website stories rooted in social media](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fake_news_website). News stories from reputable news organizations can certainly have infrequent inaccuracies or mistakes, but they don't typically fit the constraints of fake news.
But if the president-elect can do it without consequences, so can you right? Maybe congress will psss it a law. /s
Why would Mattis resigning cause any sort of crisis? I'm sure there is a long list of "yes men" Trump could pick to replace him.
No, they just need an expert to review and provide a summary. Opinions can be made from that. It turns out that bery few people are tax experts.
&gt; except to make America as attractive as possible for business If they expected that, then why vote Trump? An isolationist America that is against an entire industry (renewable/alternative energy) cannot possibly be expected to be attractive to technology and energy sector businesses, which could probably experience the largest growth. Manufacturing is and has been done in this country for decades.
Until gas prices go up again? It can't be profitable to build new factories to meet market demand every time gas prices get high/low for a couple of years. Ultimately, gas prices are going to trend upwards anyway, given finite supply.
&gt; The reality is that the President does not have very much direct influence on your life, your job, or your well-being. They campaign that they do, though. Trump specifically campaigned on getting more manufacturing jobs.
&gt; In Donald Trump's case, he has this handful of businesses that are carrying significant amounts of debt. For example, he owns - owes over a billion dollars to about 150 institutions across Wall Street. He's going to be regulating all those banks. He plans to push through an aggressive deregulation of the financial services industry. It's going to be impossible for him to pursue those goals without people questioning whether or not he's doing them in the service of his own business needs. I guess we'll get to see if Congress really cares or not. Democrats will need to shout these things from the rooftops every chance they get to apply public pressure on Congress to act.
I don't understand how vouchers are constitutional. How can public money be used to fund religious activities?
Republicans don't need to be explicitly anti-Trump, but I would expect them to have some integrity for the political process like it means something in this country. Instead, we get career politicians that think screwing with our kids futures is a game.
Republicans are just as quick as everyone else to want their kids to go to "good schools". The difference is they don't seem to want to pay for them. I think Republicans in general have a disdain for contributing anything of theirs toward the greater social good of everyone. Unless, of course, they're the ones in need.
Trump did prefer the "poorly educated."
I'd love to see a list of businesses that support Trump through advertising or public statements so I know which ones to avoid.
I'm pretty sure you should cook Pork at higher temps than that to kill the parasites. Pork is a common host of tapeworm.
You should add "can't afford it". Scientists don't make nearly as much money as other doctors.
There's nothing in it for himself though. His brand is toxic, so he's lost that. His TV gigs are done. Unless his dream was being a Fox News pundit he really screwed up running for president if he was in it for himself.
I would think seriously about switching jobs as a model of future employment gains. At some point you're employer will see the 20 previous jobs on your resume and think (correctly) that you won't stick around. Then you won't get hired anywhere.
I think you're talking about Steven Chu, who IIRC was the first to trap atoms using lasers, reducing their movement, thereby cooling them down.
Yeah Obama was extremely pro-science. Trump is extremely anti-science. I can tell you from experience that government scientists will be watching very closely what Trump does over the next couple of days.
Competent scientists do tons of managing, including people, laboratory and equipment, finances etc.. They also commonly interface and communicate with nonscientist upper management folks (directors, vice presidents etc), and advocate their work to nontechnical decision makers.
It's very simple, really. Trump thinks all these positions--President, Vice President, cabinet positions etc--are merely ceremonial spots to be given away as prizes to folks that helped him during his campaign. Trump is a very simple man, there really isn't anything deeper than that here. The obvious thing here is that quid pro quo is completely unethical. Add it to the increasingly long list of things that will haunt his presidency for the next 4 years.
&gt; If they did know, how did they let it happen? TBH it's all legal. We can dislike it all we want, but Trump (to my knowledge) ran a legal campaign--at least, nothing that doesn't invalidate his election. There's nothing within the confines of the law we can do about it now. If folks really disagree with the outcome, then they're left with political advocacy with the goal of putting pressure on other politicians to help offset the damage.
I don't buy that political bias has an effect on intelligence. I think political bias stems more from other psychological factors, such as susceptibility and sensitivity to emotions like fear.
Guess it's time to get into the flashlight business.
I think it's just more likely Trump hasn't had chance to ask Putin what those policies should be yet.
Has he ever used the internet?because he acts like he hasn't..
I vividly remember before, during, and after the bush years, and it was absolutely nothing like this. The last few republican presidents have all started wars. It'll be interesting to see if Trump follows suit.
It's probably not just one bank in Russia. He owes &gt;$1B to more than 150 banks.
This probably just brings the petition feature to his attention. If his past behaviors tell us anything about what he's likely to do, he won't respond to any petitions and quickly remove the feature.
To play Devil's advocate, if I were looking for a simple catch-phrase that would emphasize an isolationist America, I might come up with "America First" too. It's just too simple and catchy to have definitively come from the white supremacy camp. p.s. I'm inclined to believe that because Bannon was involved that it *is* a white supremacist callback. Just sayin'.
Trump talked to the CIA about how many times he was on the cover of Time magazine. All Donald Trump cares about is how he is perceived by others. So far, he's been living in a delusion enabled by his "rallies" where screaming true believers cheered every word. He incorrectly believes this is how everyone feels. Facts will continue to be reported, good or bad for Trump. He's sure to be continually criticized by both media and his world colleagues. For someone that can't handle criticism, it will be very interesting to see how he handles it, given that he apparently lashes out now any chance he gets.
Why do people talking about automation push coding so much? Coding will be just as automated as anything else, eventually. Even now there is software that can implement algorithms, so its not such a big leap to expect for more complicated coding to be automated. Marketable skills are those that set you up to be flexible in your skillset--critical thinking, problem solving etc. Nearly anyone can learn to code. In a future beset by automation, knowing how to make computers do what you want them to do isnt whats going to set you apart from the pack.
Hmm, so basically they resort to name calling anyone that disagrees with DJT. I'd like to know what sorts of jobs those people have. Surely with this mentality they can't be employed in positions that require rational thought.
If it becomes a problem Congress will consent. Of course that sets a precedent so that the next democrat president can follow suit. If that were to happen, I suspect we'd never hear the end of it from republicans though. I hope this doesn't become the new normal for the presidency.
Along those lines, I dont see why terrorists wouldn't target his properties abroad. Attacking them directly would send a clear signal. Trump just lashed out at media for accurately reporting inauguration crowds, how would he react when his business assets are directly attacked?
You leave out that China's economy is not in good health. For the past several years they have been in a construction boom (building uninhabited cities, etc), which is fading. They became industrialized very quickly, and so have very large income inequality. I doubt that China can economically sustain a larger role in the world unless its economy becomes more robust.
I mean there's no way we could do both, right? It's either one way or the other, that's for sure. I don't think it's possible to invest in two things at once. /s
I never felt that way. My PhD years were great. I had a great advisor, and our department was very supportive of its graduate students.
School is regimented, which is just not the forte of some people--they find it difficult to learn while also meeting all the demands such as long-term commitments and personal time management. For these people, it can be tough. It doesn't mean the person is less intelligent or capable than any other, just that regimen is not the optimal way they learn and succeed. Don't take it personally, just keep at it. There is never a sweeter beer than the one you brew yourself.
If you read the text of the memorandum it doesn't mention anything about federal pay.
Because the poor-performer route will be abused to force out productive workers. There is already a way to rid yourself of poor-performing workers: it's performance based, but takes ~1 year to complete.
&gt; the scientists at NOAA and DOE and the people at Fish and wildlife, NASA, CMS and yes the IRS Hey now, there are DOD scientists. We exist! Lots of military R&amp;D to be done. It's unclear to what extent this freeze affects DOD civilians.
Free market principles also admit the possibility of collapsing competitors into a single monopoly, which is decisively bad for the public. I don't think a lot of conservatives understand that regulations serve to guide free markets where they won't go by themselves as they follow a path of increasing profits. It requires much work to keep something clean than disorganized and dirty, and by themselves free markets do not have the internal feedbacks needed for keeping clean air and water without short term gain.
My wife had accepted a tentative job offer with the DOD, but now the military has put hiring on "pause" (internal memo) while they await further guidance from OPM. The hiring freezes are irresponsible, costly, and completely unnecessary. The federal workforce hasn't been this small since around 1967 (according to one report). It's absolutely crazy to begin dismantling the United States government just as the world is experiencing great financial and political uncertainty.
If DOD is barred from issuing new contracts, you bet it will have a huge cascading effect on the US, if not the world economy. Defense contractors make up a substantial portion of high-tech jobs around the country.
Not only that, but he is now employed by someone other than himself. And he's not the boss. Sure he makes some decisions, but he's accountable now to the American people. Good luck to him, he'll need it.
I believe he's plagued by "fatness."
Fool me once, shame on you.. uh..fool me.. uh.. never get fooled again!
I saw 1 3D movie, and was extremely underwhelmed.
&gt; Maybe the NSA should hack it and start surreptitiously taking unflattering pictures of his floppy jowls Because using hacking to mock him will win him to their side. You think he's anti-IC now.. I could imagine him hiring his own "detectives" to find out the "true" facts.
Wait wait wait. *After* he tarnishes his name? So you're saying it isnt tarnished now?
Accounts report that none of the section containing senior management made any sort of congratulatory praise, like clapping.
Except no one buys into it save some of the Americans that voted for him. Not all of those people are brainwashed fools, but many are.
It needs around 3-5 million signatures.
They won't leak it, not while he's president.
&gt; If there is any connection to Russia, intelligence agencies are on it... He could simply order them to stop. Problem solved!
Nah, they'll blame Hillary, just like Trump will.
If us regular people can easily recognize how incredibly stupid all this is, I wonder what career politicians are thinking. Obviously democrats can smell his stupidity from a mile away, but there *has* to be republicans in Congress that see all this stuff and think the same thing.
&gt;The damage will take years to mend. So like the 8 year term of the next Democrat president? Just in time to elect another right-wing conservative?
I'm sorry to hear your situation. Don't let pride stop you from going to food pantries. People donate great stuff, so put it to use!
Can we just photoshop some pictures of a border wall and put them on Fox News? That would be cheaper.
I'm pretty sure the GOP will appropriate the funding, cutting it from elsewhere.
I put my dishes on the counter next to the sink, leaving it free for getting water etc. dishes don't sit on the counter long. Getting into the habit of putting dirty ones in the dishwasher (after a rinse) helps too.
That article didn't provide any evidence that Republicans weren't going to produce a replace Bill. It merely conjectures that because it's a hard thing to do, then it doesn't seem likely. The authors then make the bold leap to "no replacement at all." Republicans are under enormous pressure to provide a replacement that does not impact the public health insurance market. That means that prices on current plans don't go up, care coverage is not removed, etc. Now that Republicans are actually thinking about how to "fix" the ACA they're realizing that it's likely the best free-market based solution there is. They're blind anti-Obama stances have put them in a greatly weakened position. They know that the ACA is a solid free-market based solution, but they've already repeated "repeal" so much and so often that they *must* repeal. So, I suspect a replacement bill will end up being worse for the American public than the ACA, all because republicans can't be for anything Obama liked.
Every day I think something is going to happen because of this, and every day I'm disappointed. Wasn't the Senate supposed to be doing some sort of investigation? Is that still happening?
&gt;Days/weeks/years later - a random act of violence is committed in the U.S. by a citizen from a country Drumpf tried banning. Or the impetus to declare martial law.
There are more wealthy people outside of the South than in it. Wealthier communities will have nicer things.
Being able to change your mind is a very good thing, but it's only appropriate when new facts motivate the change. Changing your mind according to lies means you're doing it wrong.
Someone spent way too much time on that.
I tend to agree.. there seems to be a whole segment of society with deep racial problems that Trump got to come and vote GOP. No matter what happens with Trump, the GOP has elections in the near future locked down if democrats keep putting up uninspiring candidates.
Somehow I don't think the ensuing martial law will be well received.
That's simultaneously very disturbing to hear and oddly pleasing.
&gt;Remember when the republicans came up with that bullshit rule out of nowhere that said a president in his last year in office can't pick a supreme court nominee? A lot of smart people are saying it's Trump's last year in office..
Trump won't resign, his narcissism won't let him. Impeachment may eventually happen, but certainly not any time soon.
Just add that to the running list of things democrats did wrong in 2016.
Trumps orders should go through Mattis in the chain of command. Mattis seems like a true patriot, so I should expect he would look poorly upon the nations military being used whimsically by Trump.
So where are the transcripts of the call? Can I get them with FOIA requests?
Clearly half a thought was too strenuous, even for him.
Trump et al. have forgotten the face of their fathers.
Yep, could have easily lied. "The President was interrupted in the middle of a tweet by an urgent national security matter. He revised the tweet this morning. Next question!"
&gt; Fox News constantly bitches about the MSM They literally *are* the MSM. I've just never understood how their viewers can't understand that.
Waste is the biggest problem. There is nowhere to store it, so it's mostly stored on site, which is not meant for long term storage. So environmental contamination is a real possibility.
I remember a paper that came out a few years ago claiming the opposite: that a little bit of noise in traffic enhances traffic flow. Obviously too many erratic drivers are bad for everyone, but a few can be beneficial. Wish I could find it right now, probably published in Physical Review.
So did he even attend? It sounds like he just tested out of the remaining classes he needed and received the degree. I can't imagine Steven Spielberg would have the time to attend what he would consider elementary classes that he was qualified to teach himself.
Their journalism is top notch, for sure. Their science articles are extremely well researched and written.
This website is definitely not realistic. For example, a 4.7% and 10% chance that automation will take the jobs of, respectively, mathematicians and physicists. However, a school administrator only has a 1% chance of being automated. Just let that sink in.
FFVII will always hold a special place in my heart. I remember parasite eve being good except for endlessly running around the Chrysler building.
The Mueller investigation is just getting started. The FBI investigation has been going on for ~1 year already, with nothing to show for it. Even that is about to get shut down as soon as Trump appoints Comey's successor. Because Mueller's investigation won't bear any fruit for perhaps a year or two, Trump will continue as normal for a while longer.
That'll depend on Congress acquiescing to his every demand.
The wikipedia articles says: &gt;..to resist certain subpoenas and **other interventions** by the legislative and judicial branches of government to access information and **personnel relating to the executive branch.** It sounds like Trump would have wide latitude to prevent persons "relating" to the Executive Branch from testifying before Congress.
&gt; I fucking hate team building as an activity. Team building is a legitimate morale booster, but care should be taken to do it correctly. For example, voluntary participation and smaller groups. In my experience, team building exercises that work well include BBQs mixed with outdoor activities (throwing around a frisbee etc). It should be a chance to relax, have a few beers, and hang out together (voluntarily).
It puts the lotion in the box..
Yet, sadly, is absolutely necessary.
Well it's not just the sea level rise.. it's the change in fertility of soil across the USA, which will lower crop yields; it's the change in acidity of the oceans, which will drastically tank fishing yields; it's the lack of potable water across many regions of the world with no infrastructure that will cause mass migrations. If Europe and the USA are anti-immigrant now, just wait until entire nations are forced to uproot. It will not only cause great change the natural world, but trigger great social upheaval and upset to the world order. And we're not talking about centuries here, we're talking about decades, 20-50 years.
&gt; I find it hard to believe that our military is stretched thin. The amount of money that goes into it. Much of the DOD budget goes right out to private businesses. Defense contracting is a huge piece of the economy.
That Trump was a "democrat" up to recently only goes to show that he will say or do anything that he thinks gets him an advantage.
Check and mate!
The ending of Mass Effect 3. Seriously frustrating to learn that absolutely no choices mattered up to that point. What a terrible ending, turned me off of the whole series.
RE4 wasn't 10 years ago.. was it?
There almost certainly *isn't* a smoking gun, given that nothing tangible has come of the secret investigations, much less the public ones.
This is not how CIA recruits.
Nowadays they are more discreet than in OPs letter.
someone alive right now, maybe even reading this Reddit thread, will be the lone survivor of the 20th century.
You can see Jesse Hall..
Hello "above average" hurricane season!
Huh? I have an 8350 tied to a Gtx 1080, and have only felt it as a limitation in CPU intensive games. For comparison I have another system with a Xeon (16 threads) and gtx 970 which performs a bit better but isn't so big a leap that I need a new CPU. For example, I get 70+ fps in large planetside 2 fights, which is CPU limited (everything maxed), with my 8350. I get 90+ fps with the Xeon system. So I guess the moral of the story is that the trusty 8350 isn't obsolete quite yet. It's on its way out, for sure, but it hasn't been handed its hat.
This is why we can't have nice things.
Wouldn't that be a question for the courts? If he invokes privilege, then it immediately blocks testimony until it's determined he can't block it, right?
Well they're not paying attention. You know what would get their attention? Getting their healthcare coverage stripped.
Trump-style nationalist mania is gripping every major western power right now. Brexit in the UK is just one example. Some in Europe are looking at the presidential election and Brexit as what could happen, and have moved to act accordingly. Just look at Macron's election in France. Trump has upset the social order in the USA, and this is something that we won't forget in 2018 or 2020.
Part of the whole problem that motivated Trump voters was that the economic recovery has not been enjoyed by the middle class (households &lt;~$150K). Even the jobs the recovery has created are biased toward low quality retail or other service sector jobs. I suspect that this makes the whole economy more fragile; i.e., that a minor economic problem may lead to another recession.
Yeah the [25 year old contractor that leaked it was arrested.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4575094/NSA-contractor-charged-leaking-Russian-hack-report.html)
Yeah these aren't "strategic" in any sense of the word. There isn't anyone directing them. People are getting arrested for leaking classified material, which they should because it's illegal. Probably those people are reaching their limit of seeing all the administrations "dirty laundry" while those in charge do not act on it and continue business as usual.
That's what he should be expected to say. It's not declassified, so he shouldn't be able to comment on it.
Uggg.. and I thought that I had gotten past scantrons in elementary school.
I don't recall a provision in The Constitution for election interference. Is there one?
Yeah, in hindsight he did seem strangely confident about his claim of illegal votes.
Unfortunately that would literally be unconstitutional.
They don't sound like very good doctors. He should research the specialists in the field and make an appointment, even if it's out of state.
They're arranged so that if you do "The Charleston" across them you'll be fine.
Hmm, game crashes after launcher for me now every time. Wonder if it was the update..
Trump also claimed that Comey told him on 3 different phone calls that he wasn't under investigation personally. What about the other 3?
Apparently it is, if you're The President.
Comey did that.
&gt; Claiming ignorance of the law is never going to work, in any situation. Of course it will work, the public doesn't know any better. Most of them aren't lawyers.
50-60 years for declassification, maybe.
It's a formal proceedings of Congress. Of course they follow protocol. Regular meetings from board rooms to city council meetings follow Robert's Rules of Order.
[Unintelligible]
Russians are bad with english grammar, I guess.
It's probably killing him inside that he can't rant and rave on Twitter. Everyone's talking about him poorly, and he can't say anything about it.
A tweetarrhea..
Frozen custard for the win!
Mensch and Taylor are hearing rumors and repeating them, it's that simple. Mensch is probably making more broad conclusions from the rumors than Taylor is, however, which is why they have both been way off the mark. The credibility of their sources isn't known, but the reliability of their information doesn't seem that good either.
There is a first for everything!
I watched the shoe-throwing live, and Bush was surprisingly deft at avoiding it. It wasn't clear at all what was happening at the time, or what he barely dodged. IIRC, there were some reports in the news during the weeks and months leading up to it about show-throwing at other public figures in the Arab world, so it was probably just a matter of time before it happened to someone significant.
The Secretary of Defense is incredibly busy. He is leading a huge arm of the federal government, and he's understaffed because Trump has yet to nominate many positions. He's managing the US military response to many different engagements throughout the world.
Yeah I'm *very* disappointed with the NSX Tengu. I've been waiting for an NSX SMG for a while now. It wouldn't be so bad if it didn't have so few rounds in the magazine. 22 rounds **with** the magazine extension is *not* nearly enough. In fact, it's just enough to run out of ammo before a kill in a normal 1-vs-1 engagement. This weapons is definitely a huge handicap, and is probably only going to be good for very skilled players who want to handicap themselves for variety.
The conception of this weapon is interesting, but seems clearly suited for close ranges given the idea of the 4-shot pellet projectiles. It's an interesting concept, but poorly realized. Its hip-fire accuracy should be increased and it's magazine capacity should be raised to at least standard 30 rounds (35 w/ extension mod). It's tradeoff should have been that it would be worse at long ranges, whereas other SMGs are surprisingly effective at 80+ meters.
I see these sometimes. This is a clue and/or secret message. I advise you to seek out the advice of an expert, such as an ancient coin professor at a large museum or university, specifically upon the end of a significant presentation or lecture. I suspect this will initiate an unlikely but rewarding sequence of events that will ultimately lead you to save the world. Good luck!
I suspect that it's based on market forces, i.e. supply &amp; demand. For example, many coin collectors may already have them in their collections, so demand would be low driving the cost down.
He may not be sober. If the internet is to be believed, he exhibits signs of stimulant abuse.
Yet completely justified.
Yes, but the point is that an administrator is apparently more indispensable than a mathematician or a physicist in terms of automation. That conclusion doesn't make any intuitive sense, and so should throw some red flags on the type of analyses used to come up with the results.
Trump didn't fire Comey because he "was a leaker" (which, by the way, isn't true as no classified information was spilled). Rather, Trump fired him impulsively to "relieve great pressure" off of him from the Russian investigation, which he told two Russian ambassadors in the Oval Office. He was clearly aware they are known to US IC as Russian "spies." So that move was incredibly negligent, and points to his continued impulsiveness and his fundamental need to brag to others. This is the same personality trait that lead him to reveal the general (classified) locations of nuclear submarines. This is incredibly problematic, as foreign (potentially hostile) intelligence services now have a concrete dataset on which to validate anti-submarine detection technologies. Overall, Trump is plagued by his impulsive behavior and he can't seem to shake it. It will probably be his undoing.
If that's true, then nothing prevents him from donating it to charity.
Congress could call him to testify, but Trump would almost certainly make excuses to avoid testifying. His lawyers are well aware he would perjure himself many times during any testimony. It might be so egregious that Congressmen would be able to call him out on his lies in real time.
Probably many of the "unsure" voters haven't been paying attention to politics very much, which is actually quite common in the US.
For how many government processes are birth certificates required? I can bring to mind only a handful.
The guy obviously should not have been deported. As a compromise, he should have been allowed to stay so long as he started, progressed through, and then successfully completed citizenship requirements. If we're talking about what "should be", then serving in the armed forces for a minimum of 2 years (or more?) should also automatically provide citizenship once (honorably) discharged.
Many of those people probably don't know what the constitution states and what it doesn't. I suspect it's one of those things they believe they can interpret how they choose, so sometimes they're for free speech and sometimes they're against it. I also suspect that this line of thinking is familiar to them from their religious experiences and so comes naturally to them. Unfortunately it's a toxic way to think, and obviously leads to poor decision making and lack of critical thinking skills.
The dense fog of mosquitos probably love it too.
Stirling's approximation says 30! ~10^31 , so it can be estimated easily.
Trees and other plants sequester carbon by using it as plant mass. So tree growth is a manifestation of carbon captured from the air. Of course growth rate depends on the type of tree, so I suspect the owners of this technology are using slow-growing trees to elicit more surprise from the public.
Time for another campaign rally!
&gt; “You and I are friends: 'Hey, I hope this happens, but you've got to do your job.' That's what he told Comey. Trump has said a couple of times that he "hardly knew the man" when referring to Comey, and has said he wasn't his friend.
He also turned them into 1-time customers. His business plan is unsustainable.
The DNC is completely disorganized in terms of their response to Trump in general. It's part of the reason they lost the general election despite having the deck stacked in their favor.
As far as we know, Trump *did* obstruct the Flynn investigation. We have no idea how its progress was affected by Comey's abrupt firing.
Waiting is fine and all, and CIG's scraps of content serve to barely satiate the persistent hunger for a finished product, but we all want something *more* than what they have released so far. Alpha 3.0 will certainly dampen the grumblings from the community by providing enough content for months, but eventually support of CIG's progress will wane for lack of a substantial follow-up content release. Then we'll back where we are today.
You'll be waiting at least another 10 years then. You shouldn't be happy about it at all.
I just don't care about the wolfenstein franchise like I do fallout and TES. It's good of them to explore but they're gambling on those IPs at this point. They better knock it out of the park with it if it's prioritized over such a garaunteed bankroll as TES VI.
*slow clap*
I'm struggling to get into red dead redemption. Probably 15 hours in and it's nothing but simple quests that don't really advance the plot (which isn't too interesting at this point anyhow). I love westerns, so will give it about 10 more hours, but I hope it gets better...
Oooohhhh, you should get a 3 or 5 lb sledge hammer immediately. As short as a hammer, but much heavier and durable.
I'm guessing they're not friends any more..
Maybe to Mueller but not in an open hearing in congress.
This is correct. Sessions will try very hard to not incriminate himself, and so his answers will be evasive. this hearing probably won't add anything substantially new to the narrative.
Sessions doesn't seem like a very good lawyer. If he was, he would be able to craft some kind of plausible response.
I don't know if they *can* do anything. The hearing is basically the Executive Branch communicating voluntarily with the Legislative Branch.
If only there was some rule or law that would make it a crime to violate ones sworn oath in a legal setting.
&gt; Oh and lets not forget when Sessions started yelling at Wyden. Nobody put that shit in order. Didn't hear a peep from Burr or McCain then. That was an egregious lack of self control in Sessions. Overall I was pretty underwhelmed with Sessions' testimony. He came across as arrogant and deflective--a man with something to hide.
Huh, every time I've bought a gun (shotgun, pistol, revolver, etc.) I've had to wait the 3 days for the embargo to be lifted. I almost don't believe that someone can walk into a shop and walk out in 30-45 minutes with a gun.
I think their behavior is very bizarre if there really is no collusion. Think about it: you're being accused of colluding with Russia even though you never did. You're incredulous. You'd want to figure out just who is trying to frame you, right? So it follows that a reasonable person would want to *increase* the level of investigation to exonerate themselves of wrongdoing, not obstruct the hell out of every attempt to figure out what's really going on.
I suspect this is why some models are more successful than others: they make everyone's job easier.
If the AHCA passes, it would be really hard not to see it as the death throws of the republican party.
I haven't seen that one in years! r/oddlysatisfying
What?
&gt; They know a good portion of their base would NEVER FUCKING EVER vote for anyone but (R). That's why they are called their "base."
I stopped going to McDonalds in the mid-to-late 90's. They are one of the few companies that I *hate*.
&gt; Like when he bombed Syria people were like "See a puppet wouldn't do that" Except that he told the Russians in advance of the bombing so they could evacuate the area.
You're assuming he would accept the job if offered. If it's a republican administration, or at least one linked to Trump, he may not be in a hurry to accept given how he was treated.
Ahh, yes. You're talking about [sampling bias](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sampling_bias).
Antenna's don't work for me :(
I saw this and instantly *tried* to buy one. I was duped :(
Lot of sick leave taken on 9 November 2016.
Trumps attempt to fire him inc in 3,2, 1...
Well I guess it's good to know that it's not illegal to systematically convince someone to kill themselves.
Self-impeaching, if you will.
I don't know what this is supposed to be telling me. You need something common for them to both speak to so that you can compare them directly. For example, you should express the number of meters in a mile, vs the number of feet in a mile. Then you can compare what each means in terms of, e.g., a mile. As it stands, those are just two pictures that I should consider separately because they don't make any sense compared to one another.
&gt;Verdict: The Surface Laptop is not a laptop. It’s a glue-filled monstrosity. There is nothing about it that is upgradable or long-lasting, and it literally can’t be opened without destroying it. (Show us the procedure, Microsoft, we’d love to be wrong.) Umm.. yeah. Don't think I'll consider buying a laptop that I can't open without destroying, let alone upgrade.
I'm &gt;10 hours into RDR for xbox 360 (bought it recently for &lt;$20), and it just seems like a lot of disconnected missions in a sandbox western. I'm finding it really hard to keep going.
Solid suggestion, thanks!
This is amazing. The mass of these ships is immense, and their momentum is huge. Turning like this requires a LOT of force.
Wouldn't one need to seize all the computers and analyze them to find out? I think that's a pretty big stretch given the scope of the campaign.
&gt;He simply does not care about those who serve. I thought we already knew this? Most people knew this back before the election, and most remember.
The use of the internet is already irreversibly integrated into everything, from the stock market to your home thermostat. Right now the big ISPs haven't limited the way the internet integrates with technologies. If Net Neutrality (NN) dies, then that will surely change, and ISPs will face severe pushback from businesses and governments with an existing need to remain integrated with the internet. Any way this plays out is not good for big ISPs.
I imagined in a light saber battle no one would waste effort and precious time on a flourish given just a little mistake could mean you get cut in half.
I dunno, an American citizen being killed by the NK regime over trivial charges is a pretty good justification for military action. I'd be in favor of authorizing limited airstrikes on Pyongyang or maybe just destroy a few of KJI's residences. China won't risk getting involved.
You can't fire normal federal employees for just any reason, it has to be due to poor job performance. The policy exempts career federal employees from being politicized. For appointed positions, however, the conditions for termination must be less restrictive because Trump has already "fired" plenty of folks higher up in the Executive Branch.
Unfortunately there is enormous public support for repealing Obamacare/ACA, despite of how bad it is. The GOP have done a great job marketing the repeal--it put them in solid control of government. It's probably all up to branding; e.g., the reason why Budweiser is one of the best-selling brands despite tasting awful.
I suspect that wouldn't be practical, because bills can be hundreds of pages long and full of legalese. What they really need is the bill in advance so their staffers can read it to help our representatives understand it better before voting.
"That's Bangin'!"
I'm listening to this on repeat, it's really good.
You won't physically die without water hookups or power either, at least as long as you're able bodied.
We know too little about the universe and its governing equations to be able to tell what technologies or knowledge future humans may have. Although the speed of light is a cosmic speed limit for matter, that's not to say new discoveries won't exploit quirks of nature to do amazing things. We already do things no one dreamed from only 100-200 years ago.
I think you're kidding yourself if you don't think each and every Senate republican will vote "yay" on whatever the bill is. It doesn't matter what they do to it. Already its expected to be an incredibly close vote and we don't even know the details.. all we know is the House version, which is literally an economic disaster. That's the type of legislation they're willing to pass.
According to my reading of that theorem it would be more precise to say *at least* one prime lives within those bounds, because there could be many and not just one.
Those folks can somehow believe the most absurdly ridiculous things, yet it doesn't affect their ability to lead a "normal" everyday life. It's astounding. The rest of us pick up their slack in order to allow them to live in their fantasy.
But without an educated workforce the economy suffers. So eventually depressive educational policies will manifest in the future as reduced GDP.
How is this good news? We've been seeing assets picking up and carrying crates of varying sizes for a while now. I get that it's a little more involved, but they didn't start work on it yesterday.
Or just show another demo.
Not many others do, though.
Sad, but so true. :(
Yes. The CBO analysis is quite in depth.
Ah yes, just in time for the next GOP sweep and then the awkward pressure for them to actually implement this disaster.
Physics PhD here. From the beginning CIG has acted like they care about attention to detail, yet to now I was unaware of them consulting any research scientists while developing their planetary algorithms. To me it seemed like an egregious oversight.
I would hold off out of respect not to interrupt his phone call.
You probably had to indicate which you had. Even so, SAT or ACT scores are often required to check general preparedness.
I don't know about where you live, but where I live ERs are already full of people with non-emergency situations. Recently my wife slammed her thumb in a car door and we had to wait in the ER while nearly a dozen people lounged around chatting and laughing, waiting for non-emergency care. Thankfully the triage nurse accelerated us to the front of the line for rooms, which were--you guessed it--already filled with earlier non-emergency visitors.
Except that firing Mueller would actually terminate the investigation. Trump will probably try to as the pressure mounts.
That might be plausible, but Trump is not acting like someone with a neutral or even "normal" American attitude toward Russia. Trump is, in every opportunity, acting extremely favorable toward Russia. While he may not have directly colluded with Russians to steal the US election, he very well may have been involved in laundering Russian money through one of his many businesses worldwide, or otherwise supporting Russian criminal activities. Mueller is "following the money", which should give some hints about Trump's possible involvement with Russia.
Nothing short of passing the AHCA will convince republican voters to jump ship.
I don't understand what the GOP's end game is here. If this passes they surely know they'll face huge backlash, which will almost surely manifest in the 2018 elections. After all, democrats will simply campaign on restoring health care that republicans ripped away.
Don't drops rot?
Can confirm. Bought mine when they came out from a buddy that spilled some beer on it. Still works great! Just fired it up the other night.
&gt; Well then the people there should start paying attention to elections and vote in better people. The problem with that, is that it's an opinion. The fact of the matter is that the federal government is responsible for ensuring nation-wide standards are met. And they're not doing it. It would be fine for states to do it if they were forced to, but it seems like they aren't.
He has no idea what's in it.
Well played Obama, well played.
Obama 100% used Trump's own words in hopes that he would admit the AHCA is bad. Obviously it worked. Trump is so ridiculously inept that even former presidents can manipulate him into saying what they want him to say.
I was gonna make a fallout joke, but you probably hear it non-stop.
It's unclear how to draft a more conservative health care bill than the ACA that actually covers people. The ACA is a market-based approach to health care that tackles the problem from the consumer side. Democrats originally wanted to strengthen the concept by offering a "government option" that would compete along side private insurers to promote competition, which is the mechanism by which costs are balanced in a free market. Unfortunately, through &gt;100 amendments to the ACA conservatives changed it drastically, allowed to do so by democrats in the spirit of "compromise."
Any minute now, a group of diverse but goofy college kids and their professor will pop out of a hole in the air and immediately realize they're in the worst possible timeline.
[Sure sounds like Treason to me](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2381).
He was being sarcastic. /s /s
"No one likes or wants clean water" -Paul Ryan probably
Try out: [project 99](https://www.project1999.com) is extremely popular, or [the al'kabor project](https://www.takproject.net) seeks to emulate EQ's old Mac server, which you can play with windows; the link explains.
Which explains the pivot among conservative pundits attempting now to normalize Russian collusion.
Yep.
Well they *need* to get Trump and Pence together, or else it will all become pointless due to pardons.
Since when did gun ownership become a right-wing shitstorm? Did it just creep up on us like a gradual climb into crazy, or did it happen abruptly?
It's not some CRT on a rolling cart at all. It's mounted on the wall. I think this happens a lot.
They probably have a nomenclature for naming objects to ensure consistency across their enterprise.
