If you didn't want to wait a month to complete the scan, (and you're scanning from a high-ish orbit) then it'd probably be more efficient to just have a single satellite with more fuel on board so it can manually rotate the LAN about the poles.
&gt; the nominal GDP of the UK is currently £1.83 trillion. The nominal GDP of the EU is around £12.4 trillion. I think you're comparing nominal vs PPP GDP figures (not to mention comparing a single country with the combined GDP of 28) --- I just checked the figures and according to Wikipedia the UK's GDP is [$2.84T / £1.86T (PPP)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_the_United_Kingdom) and the EU as a whole is [$16.77T / £10.97T (PPP)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_the_European_Union). When you subtract Britain's contribution that leaves you with the average GDP of the other member being £0.34T, which make's Britain's £1.9T looks a lot more attractive. Exiting Europe certainly wouldn't suddenly end all trade with European countries either. EEC free trade agreements existed well before the EU and there's absolutely no reason why free trade agreements can't again exist without EU membership being a requirement. ...If anything it'll be the fear-mongering and uncertainty that will affect the markets and our economy, not the actual act of leaving. --- Having said all that, I don't think that exiting the EU is the right thing to do (as I don't believe it'll bring any significant benefits). But it's unlikely to be the unmitigated disaster you often hear about in certain areas of the press.
Adblock really needs a system where you can whitelist individual YouTube channels. I don't want ads on every video but am happy to support the channels I watch regularly.
So he wasn't a particularly *good* thief?
...also touchy and defensive.
Are you English?
Well, as has already been stated elsewhere, only £1.37 of each £65 sweater actually goes to charity. I'd imagine the rest goes to production costs and "administration" (whatever that means).
Nah, new build houses of this type in the UK have to confirm to fairly strict energy rating regulations. There will typically be 3-4" of foam panel insulation between the blockwork and the bricks. They're normally fairly cheap to heat. The 'sameyness' issue is more the thing people dislike about this sort of housing. I'd always be worried that I'd arrive back from the pub inebriated and end up in the wrong house.
Prison?
If you're supporting a family (or even living alone) on that amount then I'd be surprised. How much is your rent &amp; bills out of interest?
Adblock is what keeps me sane. I was a paying member of imgur plus (or whatever it was called) for several years. The option to pay directly for the service was taken away a few months ago.... so adblock it is. My reddit gold just expired, but until a week ago I was paying for that. Which was another way of avoiding ads while supporting a site I use. --- I'm currently waiting for Adblock to add a feature enabling users to whitelist certain youtube channels while still blocking ads on the rest. I'd much prefer to be able to pay a quid or two a month and have it shared amongst my subscriptions. Google would never ever go for such a model though, so being able to selectively disable ads for certain channels would be a happy medium I guess.
I'm on the border between Leicester &amp; Notts. If anyone is in that neck of the woods, give me a shout.
Pentasa is the stuff I'm given on the NHS (UK). I have nothing to compare it to, but it seems to do the job.
&gt; I'm pretty sure the worst election result in history was 2005, where Labour won 55% of the votes with 35% of the vote. I was waiting for him to bring that up, but it's pretty clear which end of the political spectrum his views lie so I kinda knew it wasn't going to happen. I wonder if this video would still have been made if the pre-election polls were correct and Labour won less seats *and* got less votes than the Tories but still got to form a coalition government regardless. ...somehow I think not.
I think it's the same in the US. ...At least that's what the movie 'under siege' taught me.
I edited my comment slightly to say... &gt; but it's pretty clear which end of the political spectrum his views lie so I kinda knew it wasn't going to happen. ...as I feel that's probably a fairer assessment.
Does this insurance remain valid if you're picking up unscheduled pickups for cash payments and not giving Uber (or the tax-man) their cut? These cars weren't impounded because they were affiliated with Uber, they were impounded for taking unscheduled pickups and operating without insurance. The same would be true for any cab company or private individual doing the same.
Was it a clean lap in time-trial mode? On the page I linked I'm seeing times from 16/06 (yesterday), so it's definitely updating at least some lap times.
During development I was pushing for the game to include an in-built basic websockets server which would allow connected devices to read telemetry data via a web-app API interface. This would have meant that third party phone, tablet, laptop based dashboards / timing apps, etc would have worked on the console versions as well as PC. To me this would have massively set the game apart from the competition and would have solidified it as being a 'serious sim'. My feature request fell on deaf ears though and the PC API is just a memory mapped shared data file, which is easier to implement but far les flexible and requires all third party apps which run on secondary devices to require their own 'server' running on the host machine (which is impossible for consoles).
I'm not so sure. If I lived in Aus and were planning a holiday to that area with some mates I'd be tempted. £462 (730 USD) to rent a six bed (three rooms with I'm assuming a double in each) holiday home on the coast for seven nights works out at £11 (17 USD) per-person per-night. That's off-peak, but even during peak season it's reasonable. Either way, it seems like she's offering a pretty good deal to me, and if it helps a young person start their holiday hosting business all the better. Everyone has to start somewhere.
...by renting out the home for holiday lets. Also, I don't know how property taxes work in Aus, but in the UK its very different to the States. You are taxed once when you purchase the property ([stamp-duty](https://www.gov.uk/stamp-duty-land-tax/overview)). After that the only taxes you pay on the property are local council taxes which are to cover civic services (having bins emptied, local police &amp; fire etc). About as high as this goes is £2500 a year, but normally much less. I'd assume the Aussie system is more like the UK than the US.
Oops, that was meant to say 'pheasant' (honest).
This guy was spent spending over £200 a *week* on junk food. That's 900 quid a month on food alone. Add together all the other benefits he was likely receiving and he wasn't exactly starving in the poor house.
&gt; How do you get 100 Ethiopians in a phone booth? ...Throw a tin of beans into it. --- &gt; How do you get them out? ....Run past with a tin opener.
The UK version of that one is... Grass on the wicket, let's play cricket! --- But yes, very wrong. I'd put it in the same basket as dead baby jokes; Funny, but for all the wrong reasons.
...Everyone can permanently see through yours.
This is Also true for Americans if you factor in their health insurance costs, deductibles, etc. Except health insurance in the US costs a hell of a lot more than Brits pay in NHS related NI contributions.
You obviously don't live in the UK or have never worked here. Both employee and employer NI contributions will normally be clearly listed, with the amount paid that pay period along with the total amount paid in the current tax year. [Example]( http://www.a1-payroll.co.uk/images/IrisPayslipLarge.jpg ).
On many those buttons only work when the lift is set to certain [operation modes](https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Elevator#Special_operating_modes) (Fire service, independent service, VIP mode, etc).
Freecycle, facebook groups.
You'd think steam machine / steam OS would also be a fairly high priority for them.
Have a word with your landlord. So long as you're reasonable and offer to fill and paint any holes left when you move out most wouldn't take issue with it. Preferably offer to site the cabinet in a fitted cupboard (against a supporting wall). --- You won't be able to store your firearms in a property you don't live in (especially so where none of the other residents are FAC holders), and you certainly wouldn't be allowed to store them in an unoccupied outbuilding.
Was it black? ...[your story checks out](https://www.vehicleenquiry.service.gov.uk/) (by the way, the number plate is B**17** TCH)
You can use your EVA thrusters to return to Kerbin from Minums. IIRC it's about 200 dV to get to minmus orbit, then another 200 or so to get an aerobraking trajectory at kerbin. Use aerobraking to lower your kerbin apoapse to a sensible level then use your remaining 100 dV to rendezvous with a station or whatever, (or send up another ship to pick you up).
B**I**7 CTH isn't a valid number plate, but B**1**7 TCH is on a black AUDI (you can look it up on the DVLA website).
Surviving re-entry would probably be the tricky bit nowadays.
I guess you could look up the thrust of the EVA jetpack and mass of a Kerbal, then work out what your acceleration will be per second of burn-time. Then calculate what burns are needed. You only really need to be concerned with getting a close approach though. I tend to just flick back n fourth to map mode then once I've got the encounter of a few dozen km, I'll roughly match velocities at corset approach, then switch to the other craft and use that for the fine-tuning. --- I'll tend to do EVA and surface samples on every Minimus biome by putting the capsule in a polar orbit then EVAing down to the surface &amp; back for each biome. I can do the whole lot in a single flight with a tiny ship that way.
True, but the very first question should be: "Which countries did you travel through to get here?" If their answer contains any EU countries then their claim is automatically invalidated and they're told to make their way to the country where they entered the EU and make another asylum claim once there.
I agree, so should all EU nations. --- EU laws as they stand state that you apply for asylum when entering the EU though. You don't get to illegally swan across Europe and pick and choose the country you claim asylum in. That isn't how it works and never has been.
Ever heard of [cadets](https://armycadets.com/)? It's a bit like Scouts, but with more guns. Air cadets is even better as you also get to fly gliders and planes.
That's about what you'll find in the rest of the UK outside of London.
&gt; Objection! That isn't what they said. FTFY
Yeah, that's what I was thinking. It took 8 days (the video had a timestamp) to lay what looked like 300 sq yds of bricks. That's not particularly fast. ...and they were big bricks, not household size. ...and it was an easy, straight run. No corners, cuts, curves, window holes, etc. ...and there were what looked to be about four blokes operating the machine. --- Like you say though, it's early days.
It's a problem because successive governments haven't been putting infrastructure in place in order to support such massive influxes of population into the country. They've lacked the money and political will to do so. Whether folks moving here integrate or not there are simply not enough houses, schools, hospitals, jobs, etc. to support a sustained level of population growth of that magnitude.
I couldn't find pics of any Tory ones... thoughtless bastards. [This is the closest I came across](http://votingandboating.blogspot.co.uk/2013/09/i-hope-we-dont-continure-to-politicise.html), a conservative blogger complaining about the practice. --- EDIT: [found one](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/B2NDPhRCUAARUSb.jpg), no logo though.
&gt; And the trees? “They died. Soon after the demonstration the grass was taller than the trees and they rotted, and that was it.” Some really good land stewardship being shown by these so-called environmentalists :/ --- Kinda reminds me of the story about the [League Against Cruel Sport's deer sanctuary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbgDclFnxdI) which apparently is/was filled with diseased and starving animals due to lack of controlled culling.
Since you're in Scotland you should be selling thistles.
[They are dying on the roads all the time](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-29902959). That was from November last year before things really started to kick off, I'd imagine it's only gotten worse since.
Most people in the UK are pretty ignorant when it comes to firearm usage in their own country. Hell, if you go outside to the middle of the countryside on a Saturday in winter you'll hear gunfire all around you. Clay shooting as well as game (mainly partridge/pheasant) is extremely popular and the relatively high density of cities &amp; towns here mean you are never very far from some sort of shooting related activities. To most people here the 'countryside' is just the green bit in between the cities. Their only real time in it is spent looking out of a car / train window, or flying over it in a plane on the way to Magaluf. They neither know nor care about any of the activities that go on there. ...and as someone who shoots I'm perfectly happy with this ignorance as it keeps away the "won't somebody think of the children" brigade. --- Hell there are [three .50 cal ranges](http://www.fcsa.co.uk/uk-ranges/range-locations.html) within a couple of hours drive of my house. Not even many yanks can say that.
Yeah, handguns are super-restricted. The only folk who can own handguns here are those who require one as part of their job. For civilian ownership other than police, your legitimate reason will normally be 'for the humane dispatch of distressed animals'; So we're talking vets, game wardens, etc. A mate of mine has a fairly large sheep farm and owns one for this reason. It's a smooth-bore .38 special revolver with all but two of the chambers filled in. Which means it's wildly inaccurate at anything over a couple of feet, and only has a capacity for two shots. But as it's specifically for humane dispatch that's all you need.
So few crimes are committed with rifles (of any calibre) that it's not even a blip. --- We actually have no calibre restrictions here whatsoever (or restrictions on mag size limits). But you do need to show that you have access to land suitable for the calibre you wish to own. For instance, if I wanted to own a 30mm recoilless rifle it'd be fine so long as I can show I have permission somewhere suitable to use it. There are a few MOD (military) ranges that allow civilians to use such calibres on their ranges, so as long as you're a member of a club that has access to such a range you're a'ok. Also, the UK is far more permissive than most US states when it comes to silencers/suppressors (we call them moderators). Most UK shooting organizations and even most police forces recommend that they be attached to all rifles. As far as we're concerned it's better for your hearing, less likely to spook your quarry, causes less noise pollution, and as far as the police are concerned it causes far less false call outs. They aren't seen as "tools of assassins" here, which seems to be the case in the US. --- We do have strict restrictions on action types though.... Other than .22 rimfire all rifles have to be manually cycled. Which basically means no semi auto rifles (semi-auto &amp; pump-action shotguns are fine though). That kinda sucks, but hey-ho; Such is life.
Out of interest, will Musk be pursuing litigation with whoever caused the fuckup?
&gt; For spectacle, large movement and still having a relatively good response I think Force Dynamics make the best rigs Though in my opinion they still have way to much latency if you don't want it to get in the way of the driving. How about this [Stewart platform-based rig](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNUBZfrOXUc)? Unfortunately it doesn't seem to be commercially available, but it seems to have a good range of motion and there seems to very little latency. It also looks to be more living room friendly (doesn't take up masses of space).
Psssh, Stilton all the way.
&gt; "hour's work deserves an hour's pay" If he truly believes what he's saying then why is he still defending the lower wage rate for under 18s? ...could it be because they can't vote? --- In any case, this is a silly idea for reasons already mentioned in other comments.
This is also broadly true for the UK. I'd say that the majority of shooters here are willing to accept our current licencing system and safe storage requirements whose main reasons for being is that by all accounts they do a good job of preventing legally held firearms falling into the hands of criminals. The main part most of us will tend to disagree with is the limitation on the *types* of firearms that can be legally possessed. While we may not have any sort of magazine or calibre restrictions on rifles we are limited by action type (any rifle over .22 has to be manually cycled), and handguns are so tightly controlled to may as well be banned. These are the sorts of restrictions most shooters here would like to have changed.
Every individual is different, but my bro started at 17. He wasn't very academically inclined so quit school at 16 and got a factory job at a local small business that he'd worked at during previous school holidays. He was still living at home with the folks so didn't have any real outgoings. ~18 months later he had enough saved for a deposit on a small 2-bed house. The house is [basically the same as this](http://www.zoopla.co.uk/property-history/16-princes-road/old-dalby/melton-mowbray/le14-3lz/33640778), except back then they were selling for £50k. The mortgage was initially in our parent's name as in the UK you have to be 18 to get a mortgage. He covered the full amount of the deposit though, and carried on putting much of his wage into the property as well as the rental income. He's never lived in the place, it's always been rented out, and he had it paid off in full before he was 30.
Game isn't, Oculus support is. VR support is supposed to be finalized by the time the CV1 hits shelves.
Not sure. This was a good 15 years ago though, rules may have changed. --- EDIT: https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/work/young-people/young-people-and-employment/ &gt; 16 – 18 year olds &gt; If you are over school leaving age (see under heading General rules on employment) and under 18, the law says that you must not work more than eight hours a day, or more than 40 hours a week. You must have twelve hours' rest between each working day, and 48 hours' rest per working week. You are also entitled to a 30-minute rest break when you work for longer than four and a half hours. There are some exceptions to this.... So currently, 8 hour days are cool. I think he was doing a lot of overtime back then as well though, so not sure if those rules were in place at the time. --- EDIT2: Haha, I should have checked which comment you were replying to, I thought you were replying to [this one](https://www.reddit.com/r/RealEstate/comments/3bo6tl/age_to_invest_in_real_estate/cso439x?context=3). Never mind, I'll leave my original reply anyway, just to confuse folks.
You could try the British embassy in Paris. Since she's going there anyway it can't do any harm to try. Does she have a pre-arranged flight booked from somewhere in the UK at the end of her visa period? If she has and can show tickets that would be a huge help, as would be being able to prove that she has enough money saved up to last her over that period. --- EDIT: Just read the rest of your comments. She should ask at the embassy that if she *does* arrange a flight home at the end of her visa period would they reinstate the visa for the remaining 60 days.
My bro quit school at 16, started working a factory job, trained as a forklift operator and bought a house by the time he was 18 (lived at home 16-18 while he saved for a deposit). He's currently on £12 p/h (£18 with OT), which isn't a great wage but it's enough to get by on. There's no shortage of jobs about though. --- Apprenticeships are another option, although you'll be on a shit wage for a few years.
East Midlands, was about a decade ago when he bought the house. Saving for a mortgage will take longer nowadays I'm not denying that. If you're young enough that it doesn't seem weird living with your parents then I'd say that is still key to being able to save for a deposit rapidly. Plenty of jobs about in the midlands currently though (my constituency has 1.8% unemployment).
&gt; Just looking at the visa, there is nothing to say why you've been refused so not a huge amount of advice I can give. As someone who used to work in the field, does the stamp on the visa not indicate that she entered the UK on the 24th of May? (OP is saying she entered the UK in August though) If that's the case and the visa is valid for 180 days from entry then it would have become invalid on Nov 20. Is that correct?
It'll likely be a regular licence as he has a mooring in a marina for it. Chances are that it's just a leisure mooring though. From my experience living on a boat and managing a small marina probably 90% of people living on boats are doing so 'illegally' by living on a leisure moorings. Marina owners aren't bothered though, as having people living on site deters crime, and means they can charge for ancillary services (showers, pump-outs, washer/drier, etc), and it increases demand so they can charge accordingly.
Ouch.
Get a shotgun.
FYI, it costs more to get a parcel shipped from Germany than it does from China.
&gt; In GDP Europe is the largest economy on earth. A huge percentage of that figure is made up of the UK's contribution which you can subtract should the UK decide to abandon the EU project. I'm not saying it'd happen, but if the UK were to leave the EU and set up a trade deal with the US then *that* bloc would become the 'worlds largest economy', leaving the EU in second place with China close behind. --- Hell, the UK alone is more prosperous than pretty much the lower 20 members *combined*.
&gt; They're part of criminal organisation and in somecases commited crimes themselfes, pretty sure they're the kind that made their own country unsafe, that justifies return. Rightly or wrongly (I'd say the latter), doing so would likely breach their human rights and would be illegal in the eyes of the ECHR. That's the world we live in, where red-tape rules over common sense. If you're not happy with that then blame the voters and the politicians they put in charge. Also, good luck finding a pilot willing to fly a plane load of rapists &amp; murders into the heart of a warzone.
I'm not in favour of these people being allowed to stay. The complete opposite in fact. I'm simply pointing out the fact that EU human rights laws make it not so simple as "send them back". For the most part that simply isn't possible. Not unless Germany is willing to leave the EU to do so. More likely Germany will do it's usual trick of palming off their problems on poorer EU countries by forcing them to take the undesirables. --- My point is that it's government short-sightedness and left-wing moralising that has directly led to situations like this occurring and EU red tape will prevent any country from deporting those who by every measure should no longer be welcome. We've made our bed now we must lay in it.
If you can save £500 a month by living with her folks then your £2000 target will be achieved in four months, make it six so you can have enough to pay a bit of board &amp; lodging to your inlaws. That's worth the short-term loss of independence if you ask me.
&gt; the Conservative party are arguing about if Cameron should quit if he loses the vote to stay Cameron has already made a statement that he'll be stepping down at some point during this parliament. If he loses the EU vote I'd say it makes perfect sense for him to hand the position to a more Euroskeptic MP who would better represent the views of the public during the leaving process. I'm glad Labour allowed a free vote on Syria (although the after the fact 'punishments' have now forever changed the definition of what a Labour 'free vote' means), and I'm glad the Tories are allowing free campaigning on the EU. If they pull a Labour and start punishing MPs who don't toe the party line even though they've been told they can campaign for either side then I think the Tories will be in trouble, however I don't really see that happening. --- What *will* be interesting is whether Corbyn campaigns from his heart or his head. He's been euroskeptic for decades so whichever way he campaigns he's likely to end up painting himself in a bad light. If he campaigns for 'out' then he'll look bad within his own party, if he campaigns for 'in' then he'll likely be labeled a hypocrite by the press who will be constantly pulling out quotes from Corbyn's euroskeptic past. Not only will this negative press be bad for Corbyn and Labour, but it'll probably do more harm to the stay campaign than if Corbyn had campaigned for the other side. Personally I think his best option would be to not campaign at all and leave Labour's EU campaigning up to other MPs.
That may be so, but if he personally vocally campaigns for it the press is likely call him a hypocrite and to dig up quotes from his euroskeptic past, which will end up doing more harm to the leave campaign than if he'd just kept his mouth shut. If you're pro-Corbyn, pro-Labour, or pro-EU then the best you can really hope for is that he stays out of the debate entirely. I don't think he's media aware enough to realise this though, so this will likely become another issue the media attacks him over. --- ...Or maybe he's so media aware that he realities full-well that his campaigning for the in campaign will do so much harm to it that his *actual* secretly preferred result (brexit) will end up happening. /s
I have to be honest, this is $100 more than I was expecting. I was hoping for $500 with a surprise announcement that the headset would come with a voucher for free motion controllers when they are released later in the year. I won't be pre-ordering now but waiting to see the pricepoint of the Vive and the Rift's controllers before making a buying decision. As an owner of both a DK1 &amp; 2 I'll most definitely be buying one or the other though, that much I *am* sure of. Although I wasn't one I feel happy for the Kickstarter backers though. They're getting a great deal. Lets just hope that this pricing news doesn't scare all the developers away along with the customers. --- EDIT: LoL, they also want to charge a 20% "Fuck over the UK consumer" fee. That's not even including delivery. --- EDIT2: They're also routing UK payments via Ireland to avoid paying UK taxes. That's like an extra fuck-you. ...and what's with not being able to see shipping rates before handing over payment information?
The lighthouses are pretty basic. A couple of tiny lasers, small DC motors, a few IR LEDs, and a simple timing circuit. If you're building hundreds of thousands they'll likely be in the realm of $10-20 a piece cost price.
In the UK you're talking $775. In the rest of the EU more like $850.
Don't forget that UK Rift sales are being routed via a limited company located in Ireland to avoid paying UK tax on revenues generated by Rift sales as well. Facebook (and by extension Oculus) really seem to hate paying their fair share of UK taxes.
You can also do the spin test. Spin the egg on a worktop, stop it spinning very briefly with your finger then release. The inertia of the white &amp; yolk still spinning inside the egg should cause the egg to start spinning again. If it doesn't then the insides have started to congeal and solidify enough that the contents no longer spin independently of the shell. You can also gauge 'how bad' an egg is by how fast it spins after being stopped. A freshly laid egg will spin just as fast as before you stopped it, one a few weeks old will lose much of its rotational speed after being stopped. A bad one won't carry on spinning at all.
I can answer this from having a DK2 as the Rift uses the same tracking tech. So long as you aren't visible in each other's tracking camera it's not an issue. --- If you think this might be an issue then you may want to wait until the Vive comes out as that should have no interference issues whatsoever, no matter how close in proximity the headsets are.
Not to mention the funding methods the Blair government used to fund the building of new schools &amp; academies (PFI). Many local authorities (and NHS trusts) are currently being crippled by repayments and overpriced service contracts they're forced into as per the PFI terms. Was good for them at the time though as they got to 'spend' billions on infrastructure without it showing up on the government's balance sheets. As with anything too good to be true though we're now currently paying the price and the next generation will be as well.
&gt; Can I eat on a £100 budget for a month ? Piece of piss, so long as you have a big freezer and are willing to plan ahead a bit. Like you say, buy in bulk. Check out your local cash &amp; carry place. Costco, Makro, etc. Avoid the supermarkets for everything except cleaning products, toiletries, and canned goods (which they are usually cheaper for). Staples such as pasta, rice, meat, oil, veg, etc. will most definitely be cheaper from a cash &amp; carry or a greengrocers though. My local family butcher is also cheaper than the supermarket for minced beef, although for pretty much every other type of meat they're more expensive. Buy spuds in 20kg sacks. They'll last for months and even if you end up throwing 2/3rds away it'll still be far cheaper than supermarket prices. Buy onions, garlic, mushrooms in bulk, then chop, slice &amp; dice them before freezing for later use. If you can, get eggs from someone with Chickens. If you live in a rural area get an air rifle and permission from a local farmer to go shoot pigeon &amp; rabbits and learn to dress &amp; cook them. No meat is as good as free meat. Start a veggie garden or planter box for herbs. Cook enough for multiple meals at a time and either freeze the extra for another day (get a bigger freezer if you need to, it's worth it), or convert the leftovers of one meal into something else the next night. For instance I might cook a huge pan of bolognese one day and have spag bol the first night, the next day I might make a lasagne, the next add some beans &amp; spices to make a chilli con carne; plus also freeze a load of bolognese for another time. Don't skimp on quality, just shop smarter. --- For two of us we spend a little bit more than £100 a month, doing the bulk of the shopping at our local Makro. We supplement this with shot pigeons, rabbits, pheasants*, etc. I tend to get 'free' eggs from a neighbor who keeps chickens (they're building a new house and I've lent them my mini-digger a few times). Most people who keep chickens usually end up with more eggs than they can eat so it's always worth asking if you know someone. Every three months or so we'll do an online shop from Morrisons or Tesco to top up on cleaning stuff, bog roll, canned goods, etc. Personally I don't grow veggies as I'm too lazy, but do have a decent herb garden (herbs are self-sustaining and require almost zero maintenance). --- *I run a small shoot syndicate so technically I pay for the pheasants with my syndicate subs.
None of this really applies as the people he's renting to are lodgers in his house not full tenants. There are different rules for evicting lodgers (it's much easier).
&gt; Unsurprisingly, the very people who are so concerned about "our" women getting raped by refugees also tend to be very concerned about the danger of "false rape accusations" when we allow women to report sex they didn't want to have as rape. Source that these are the same people?
Why not fill the gap with people from other EU countries which have high unemployment? By law German companies would have to offer jobs to EU citizens before making them available to foreign migrants anyway. Preferentially offering jobs to migrants would be against all manner of core EU principles.
Changing EU laws to suit Germany shouldn't be an option. Britain has been trying its hardest to change the EU for years and has basically been told to fuck off by Germany (and others) time and time again. Why should the rest of the EU now kowtow to Germany's demands for change just because they massively fucked up. Quite simply, it shouldn't. Germany needs to man up and accept the consequences of its actions of fuck off out the EU (where it will be free to deal with its mess however it deems fit). ...Not that I agree with that, but this is what the UK is told time and time again any time it asks for change.
&gt; And did you see his recent performance at PMQs vs Eagle? Terrible. I thought they both came off well in that exchange. They played off each other well and neither looked particularly bad. She certainly came across better than Corbyn has in any of his exchanges with the PM, but that's not exactly a very high bar now is it.
He's been going through it for 50 years. Now as leader suddenly *everyone else* is the rebel. I can understand his confusion.
[It has one of the highest numbers of voters opposed to immigration though.](http://lordashcroftpolls.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Labour-Loyalists-and-Defectors-poll-August-2015.pdf#page=41) According to that Ashcroft poll, 69% of those who voted Labour in 2010 believe that immigration levels are far too high and we need to significantly reduce the number of immigrants to the UK. What's more, when considering only working-class labour voters this figure increases to a whopping 85%!! For comparison, nationally those same figures are [70% and 77% respectively](http://lordashcroftpolls.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Labour-poll-Nat-Rep-sample-Sept-20151.pdf#page=9). --- Bear in mind that this poll was conducted before last year's Euro-migrant crisis. If the poll were run again today I wouldn't be at all surprised if the figures were even higher still.
Is that true? If so I might start looking for hidden messages in their press releases. --- EDIT: Actually no, that would actually entail *reading* their press releases. Fuck that.
As are/were the BNP.
I could see him making a half-decent chancellor, he'd be a disastrous PM though, even if he does think he's "tough enough".
Ok WTF, [apparently this shite is newsworthy.](https://news.google.com/news/story?ncl=d2l0LkIaCFxtA1Mbei1QAmkQVqQ1M&amp;q=ed+miliband&amp;lr=English&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwibgZqKgJvKAhUEwxQKHa7NAbQQqgIIKzAA) They should all all be ashamed of themselves. --- Must be a slow news day.
...for the actual Labour party?
Find a neighbor with a new driveway, knock on their door and ask if they were happy with the contractor, if they were, get the number. Same for a house with a new roof, etc. Independent verbal recommendations are the only way I take on tradespeople. Preferably off people that I know, but either way I want to see prior (completed) work before taking them on.
&gt; without the presence of another party splitting the left vote. SNP?
Let's not forget the [2014 European parliament elections](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Parliament_election,_2014_\(United_Kingdom\)) where UKIP received over 4.3 million votes and walked away with more MEP seats than any other party. If he didn't have one before, that result certainly gave Farage a mandate to represent the countries interests.
&gt; I'm surprised he doesn't wear a Che Guevara t-shirt under his shirt Did you see the poster behind McDonnell at the Derby Labour rally? [I think he was looking upset as the printers heard 'Lenin' wrong when he ordered the banner.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CYTFY2EWEAAM5_b.jpg) 6th form politics at its finest.
It wants more freedom to do its own thing as a member of the EU. This is where Cameron went wrong in his negotiations. He was negotiating to get a better deal from Britain without any other EU country getting anything in return. If he'd argued "We know you're sick of the UK getting special deals on EU membership and I want to make it so any EU country, no matter how small gets offered the same opt outs we or any other country negotiates". So when the UK opts out of the Euro, EU migration policies, Schengen, or anything else that any other countries get to decide whether they want to be part of the opt out. When Germany chooses to not accept migrants from newly joined EU countries, the smaller countries get to decide whether they wish to do the same. Currently only the heavyweight countries get to make opt outs, and that builds resentment among countries which lack the power or clout to negotiate their own deals. Cameron could have argued for a more flexible EU where even smaller countries get to choose how much they want to be a part of the project. Pretty much all members have parts of the EU they take issue with, but many are powerless to do anything about it. Cameron could have negotiated a change to all that, a change that would have benefited Britain and benefited the smaller countries which currently are forced to bend to the will of Brussels. He didn't though, his negotiations consisted of "gimme gimme gimme", and that's why they failed.
He doesn't need to leave straight after the vote, but in the event of a 'leave' vote I'd prefer a different PM handle the exit negotiations, (probably someone more Euroskeptic who would better represent the people's wishes). Also Cameron has shown that he's pretty weak at international negotiation, so there's that as well.
Yeah, but if they push too hard the industry collapses (see the UK's coal industry), and that's not good for the workers, the management, or the country.
It kinda explains his dislike of Trident though. If he can't even set a secure twitter password no wonder he doesn't want to be responsible for nuclear launch codes.
She should have done it live on the telly. Could have got a lot more exposure that way.
* Don't tell a soul. * Allocate a bunch of it to a charitable trust where the yearly interest gets donated to charities of my choosing. * Set up trusts for all my nephews that only pay out when they graduate university. * Only let them know of the trust's existence *if* they graduate. * Quietly spend some on myself. * Invest most of it. * Retire.
&gt; but what you cannot claim from this is that there is a concious deliberate conspiracy to keep these things from mainstream media. According to the comment further up the chief of police basically admitted to pretty much exactly this. He deliberately hid details of this event as he didn't want bad things being said about migrants in the media. It's also pretty clear that many media outlets are consciously refusing to run stories like this because they don't want people reading bad things about migrants. --- True, this isn't as tin-foil hat bonkers as what the previous comment was alluding to; But while it may not be an organized conspiracy there's definitely a concerted effort among certain groups to prevent the public finding out about incidents such as those in Cologne or in the linked article. So yeah, it's not a 'conspiracy' (these people didn't all get together and decide on their agenda), but this sort of censorship is 100% happening, there can be no denial of that.
Maybe both.
I know a few Swedish ex-pats in the UK. They come here for our glorious weather, and the discussions about the weather.
This isn't particularly true for the UK at least. If you're anywhere in the bottom 60% of earners you receive more from the state than you put in. To be a net contributor here you need to be earning £35k p/a before tax, which is way above the average median income. --- NB. Will get you a source tomorrow when I'm not on my phone.
&gt; Afaik you don't automatically receive the welfare benefits of another country within the EU right after moving there. You do in the UK. Cameron was trying to change that and was basically told to fuck off by the EU. I believe that other countries somehow get away with it, but apparently the UK isn't allowed to.
There were 100 complaints *before* the story broke. Since the coverup was exposed [a further 400 victims have come forward.](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35277249) Bear in mind those are just the victims from Cologne, it's since come out that there have been similar attacks in quite a few cities all across Germany &amp; Sweden (which coincidentally also went unreported in the press). And we're not just talking about over New Year, mob sexual violence committed by migrants (not all migrants I may add) has been going on for months, but only came to light after the exposure of what happened in Cologne on NYE.
According to the police report they had 80 riot police on the scene and that wasn't enough to stop what was going on, so that would indicate that the number of assailants were far higher than 40-100. Not that anyone knows for sure. I'm sure the area was covered by CCTV, but if the police were willing to try to cover the whole thing up you can be sure that there's zero chance of them willingly releasing any footage of the incident.
&gt; 2 million people ( the other 1 million in 2016 as I'm sure you know ) You can safely add many more millions to that once the family reunification applications start pouring in.
Mario would also be applicable.
How are they supposed to know which are which?
I bought a decent one from Next 7-8 years ago. I believe it cost £15. For what it's worth, it's made from soft Italian leather and is still going strong.
Turns out the MP in charge of that area was also at the time 'grooming' a 17 year old girl.
I stand corrected.
It's legal in the UK, but the young woman was also looking for a job in the MP's department. That's 100% an abuse of trust by someone in a position of authority. At the very least a 50 year old MP in charge of an area known for rampant child abuse should have had better judgement when deciding if it was a good idea to send sexually suggestive texts to a teenager. --- He blamed the episode and his lack of judgement on an alcohol problem, which makes you wonder how its affecting his judgement when it comes to running the country.
Takes one to know one I guess.
This is basically how the UK is approaching the issue as well. It's also doing all the processing and verification while the asylum seekers are still in camps in Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey, etc. Once their refugee status is confirmed they go onto a waiting list with the most vulnerable refugees bumped to the top of the list (basically those groups you mentioned, as well as gay/lesbian refugees). The UK also covers the cost of transporting them here so they don't have to risk their lives illegally traipsing across multiple international borders and undertaking dangerous sea crossings. This ensures that no (or very few) false claimants make it to the UK, we know everyone who is here, and we can efficiently prioritise those most in need of help. Granted, it's a slower process than just opening the floodgates, but if all countries did likewise there wouldn't be anywhere near as much backlog at the refugee camps.
...yet the second largest economy in the EU (Britain) has border controls and manages to get by just fine. Merkel talks bollocks as usual.
&gt; Yet still, some people in the UK would rather reward the people living in slums in Calais where they assault truck drivers. Thankfully they aren't running the country though. The view of our government is that those in Calais are already in a safe country and can register for asylum there at any time. The fact they choose not to is their decision, nobody is forcing them to be there.
[You can do apprenticeships in gamekeeping/deer management.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OCesn94Okc). There's also work in urban/rural pest control, working with farmers &amp; individuals to remove unwanted pest species. This would tend to be on a self-employed basis though, and you'd need a lot of experience &amp; contacts before you could turn it into something you could earn a living off.
The police won't let you have a certificate and store the guns at someone else's place. If any of your parents have a certificate you can 'give them' your guns to store then as a licence holder borrow them for up to 72 hours at a time without the 'owner' present. Alternatively you can keep them at the club you're registered at. If you move to a different club your current club should be able to vouch for you so you can skip most of the instruction you've already received.
Even if you keep hold of the keys they won't allow this nowadays. If one of OP's parents have a certificate as well it should be fine though.
FOM with strict criminal background checks and the removal of freedom to claim benefits would be a fair middle ground IMO.
There are hundreds of shoots in the South. Some of the best shooting land in the country is in the South-West, Devon/Cornwall area. I'd start on a local shoot doing some beating at the weekends to see if it's for you before making a career of it, (pretty much volunteering, but you'll get a stipend). Gamekeeping is more of a vocation than a career. Long hours, lots of responsibility, pressure, etc.
The guy who made up the entire exchange (it's fake).
That's because it's already a rule. If some inner city councils fail to enforce it then that doesn't mean we need more rules that cover the same ground, it means we need more competent local government. This is why we get to vote for local councillors.
FYI, shit like this is why university accommodation costs so much nowadays.
Happens all the time to lorry drivers. Lorries are having windows smashed and sides cut open on an almost daily basis. If they require European cover their insurance has shot up in the last year as it's assumed they'll be going via the Chunnel and have to run the gauntlet. I don't think any drivers have been seriously hurt or killed yet, but if nothing changes it's only a matter of time. Papers won't report on it though as they don't want to appear to be un-PC. ...as usual, it's different when there are children involved.
I don't have a huge issue over the US price, but the fact it's £550 ($800) in the UK has made me hold off on ordering one and caused me to wait and see what the Vive is priced at. If the Vive is similarly priced I'll probably get one of those instead, seeing as it has room scale tracking and controllers (which aren't that useful for driving games, but I think additional flexibility is always good). If the Vive is priced significantly higher I'll probably go with a Rift. I'm definitely getting one or the other though, as I sold my DK2 a few weeks ago and going back to screens seems like a backwards step. --- My biggest concern is that the price will drive consumers away which will in turn drive developers away. No content means you have nothing more than an expensive paperweight.
Technically it's both. He'd have to get the bus to the train station. Presumably he'd have to walk from his house to the bus stop too, but I didn't account for that.
I do the 'deposit and forget' thing with my bills account, but have it set up with the bank (Natwest) to text me the account balance once a week. It'll also text me if the balance drops below a certain level. That's enough monitoring for me and I rarely, if ever, look at the actual statements.
Natwest do a 3% cashback on direct debits, so it's a toss up which works out better.
They should be registering for asylum in France so it can be determined if their claim is valid. Aid workers and volunteers should be encouraging them to do so rather than prolonging their torment by giving them hope that one day they might make it to 'the island'. She's also saying that if the lorry drivers weren't there they wouldn't have stones thrown at them and their lorries broken into. If this isn't the very definition of blaming the victim then I don't know what is. --- * If you told someone who got mugged to avoid going outside you'd be accused (rightfully) of victim blaming. * If you told a rape victims to stop going to bars &amp; clubs, you'd be derided by ~~feminists~~ *everybody*.
In fairness, Rule #2 is "Don't trust any old shit you read on the internet"
&gt; EU-financed Surely you mean Schengen financed? It's Schengen countries who chose to combine their borders and immigration policies. It should be Schengen countries who are responsible for the costs of implementing those policies. UK already pays for policing its own borders and has an opt-out on both Schengen and the EU joint immigration policy.
&gt; They get hundreds of fake stories from racists every day How can they possibly know they're all fake if they dismiss them out of hand and never investigate any of them?
Most English cities did. Repeatedly.
So over a thousand times more likely than winning the lottery?
Could you not employ someone on a basic wage to do all the dull stuff like shopping? What's a reasonable wage for an unskilled job like a housekeeper?
And this is when the real problems will start for Germany. Currently these people are receiving a stipend while their applications are being processed. Once rejected those payments will end and Germany will unlikely not bother to physically deport them all. You then have hundreds of thousands of destitute illegal migrants who either refuse, or can't afford to return home who will likely turn to crime in order to survive. --- The first thing those that *are accepted* will do is apply to ship their families over under ECHR family reunification laws.
Yes, they learned from their invasion of Italy that they'd need the Germans to be preoccupied on multiple fronts before attempting a landing in the South. Which is exactly what they did.
Yes, and if the experiment had carried on for more than one day it'd just have ended up with the rich bying second cars so they have one with both odd and even numberplates.
As a landlord and as someone who knows maybe another dozen landlords I can confidently say that this is bollocks. If your rental income doesn't cover your mortgage costs, insurance, maintenance, tax on the income, management fees, allowance for losing 18%-28% of the increase in property value to capital gains tax, then you seriously fucked up. Your tenant is basically paying your mortgage and all other associated costs. No landlord is going to lose money on a property every month on the assumption that they'll make some of it back when they sell the property. That's simply not how it works.
If you do due diligence when buying a second hand car you'll have cheap motoring. When viewing a used car spend some time looking up common issues of that model of that age, and what to look for if it's showing signs of that issue occurring. If you drive any type of vehicle it's worth learning at least a small amount about basic vehicle maintenance &amp; repair. You'll be able to fix minor problems yourself and will be in a much better place when checking out potential cars to buy. If you know nothing about cars then take someone with you who does when viewing cars (and someone who's *actually* mechanically knowledgeable, not your mate Dave who has Nos stickers on his doors but actually knows fuck all). If you do all this you'll massively improve your chances of not buying a duffer. --- Anecdote time... Before my current car (Ford Ranger), I had a [Daihatsu Sportrak](http://i.imgur.com/Dxnq5rv.jpg) which I bought for £350. In the five years I owned it I didn't spend a penny on it apart from changing the oil every couple of years. It did have issues though, but I just bodged it up to keep it ticking. * Started overheating all the time - Sticky thermostat. Removed the thermostat so the coolant always flowed and the engine ran cold. Slightly worse MPG but problem 'solved'. * Started leaking coolant into the passenger footwell - Interior heater was leaking. Bypassed the heater and joined the two pipes together in the engine bay. Fixed the issue, but no more heated cab :( * Lost the key - Jimmied the ignition so it could be started with a screwdriver. Less secure, but hey-ho. * [Rolled it into a ditch](http://i.imgur.com/Dxnq5rv.jpg) and smashed the back window - Replaced it with a bit of perspex I had lying around. * Managed to [accidentally put some dents &amp; scratches](https://scontent-ams2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfa1/v/t1.0-9/20547_247820336716_3428756_n.jpg?oh=02c3efa51cde7591beeb3312858e2983&amp;oe=57022D23) in the bonnet. - [Put it back though](https://scontent-ams2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xaf1/v/t1.0-9/20547_247820581716_5503245_n.jpg?oh=9d8512331062e03a68b2a417086bd5e8&amp;oe=57025176), No biggie. It wouldn't die and I wanted a new car [so I decided to *really* start abusing it](http://i.imgur.com/NtLCx1s.jpg). Even after several weekends of major abuse it was still drivable so I carried on using it for another 6 months until the MOT ran out. It might have passed again, but I never found out (drove it to the scrap yard and was paid £150 for it). --- My current car is a Ford ranger ('04) which was £4500 which I've now had this one for six years ([this one is also is forced to carry unusual loads)](http://i.imgur.com/mvuXWCV.jpg). It's still going strong and I've not had to spend anything on this one either other than servicing costs. Although to lower those I do service it myself every other year.
What happened to the ~200,000 new members that were being boasted about a few weeks ago? At £50 a year that's ten million quid they just earned, by the next election that's £50 million extra in membership fees from the new members Corbyn has attracted to the party.
So is Corbyn. Should be fun to watch.
You don't need to have the heating on high, just enough to keep the house above zero so things don't freeze. How can you even contemplate living in a house that cold anyway? Many people think my house is cold, but it's nowhere close to freezing.
Considering he can't even manage to keep his own twitter password a secret he probably doesn't trust himself with nuclear launch codes. I can't really blame him.
Do MPs get paid overtime in addition to this meal, or are they on a fixed salary?
Not Chairman Meow? I am disappoint.
No, if you're sponsored and your job is on a shortage list then this doesn't apply.
Eg. [Sweden's fastest 14 year old](https://swedenreport.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/img_0600.jpg?w=700&amp;h=519)
Any plans to put lighthouse trackers on the camera so it can be moved around in real time and remain in sync with its virtual counterpart?
Probably not, but I don't doubt it'll happen at some point.
Own my own home and have a 30x15 ft living room. Maybe half of that will be a VR space. I'm planning on running the power wires internally in the walls and mounting one lighthouse in one corner at ceiling height, and the other in the middle of the long wall, giving a 15x15 tracking area.
&gt; Fence is useless, the real fence should be on eastern Europe and all around the Mediterranean Sea. Yes, but it should be Schengen countries paying for that, not the UK. The UK already pays to police its own border, countries in Schengen who have combined their borders should be paying to police theirs, but aren't doing so.
&gt; Why the outside staircase? Is there no staircase inside the house - or was it a stylistic choice to have a porch staircase outside? It's a duplex, which I believe in America-speak means there's one flat on the ground floor, another on the 1st.
Convenient, good quality, cheap. Pick two.
If things stay as they are then I'm predicting the end of Schengen and the UK voting to leave the EU.
&gt; As far as I know, the EU itself does not require members to grant citizenship due to refugee residency. Some EU countries may *want* to grant citizenship status to new non-EU migrants simply because they know full well that once they have citizenship they'll move to another country and won't be their problem any more. This is the part that worries some folks.
Yes, personally I'd like to see more opt-outs and exceptions, but while allowing all countries the ability to negotiate them rather than having them the preserve of the wealthier nations who have more clout. I'd also have it so when a member successfully negotiates an opt-out on an issue all other members get to decide whether they want that opt-out to apply to them as well. Eg, any country can propose an opt out, all nations get to vote on whether it's feasible or wanted, then all countries get to decide individually whether they want the opt out to apply to them. This way the EU becomes a flexible entity where members get to pick their own level of involvement.
Surely this needs to be an EU-wide policy? Germany can't and shouldn't be speaking for the entire EU, and the message would carry a lot more weight if it were coming directly from the EU. ...or is this just another instance where the EU can't decide on the colour of shit?
Parachutes. ... (/s in case it wasn't obvious)
Would that explain the bang or the smoke?
Hmm, I had to buy a few thousand nuts &amp; bolts for a job last year. I wondered why they were so expensive. Cheers EU for protecting me against paying less for stuff :/
Approach student letting agencies or private student landlords and ask them when they might have houses/flats available for short term lets. While students won't be present during Christmas/Easter they will still have their stuff in and will still be paying rent, making the summer holidays your only real option. During summer hols student flats tend to be empty for 2-3 months (July-Sept), some of which will likely be set aside for maintenance/repairs (students sometimes aren't very good at looking after other people's property). You shouldn't have any trouble finding one which will be empty for a couple of months though, and it's a bit of extra income for the landlord so everybody wins.
&gt; probably using about £20 a week ...that's still £90 a month. Do you have gas as well?
Your citizenship has just been rescinded. Please leave immediately.
The miners were fucked over by Labour. They're the ones who killed the industry by granting the mining unions two back to back 35% pay rises in less than a year. That utterly crippled the industry, made it wholly unprofitable, and when the miners wouldn't see sense Thatcher's government were forced to shut the mines (she could have done more for those finding themselves unemployed, but so could the unions who caused it all). It was labour (under the control of the unions) who killed off the industry, the Tories just buried the body. --- There aren't many industries that could survive being forced to give everybody a 70% pay rise, not least one that was already under immense pressure from foreign imports.
There are loads of drug research companies in the UK. They tend to register their discoveries in the US though as that way they can rinse US patients for more cash.
&gt; No one could have foreseen the kind of picture we're seeing now. The Brits foresaw a lot of it. That's why they opted out of the single currency. That's why they opted out of having shared borders. That's why they opted out of the common migration policy. And guess what, all the countries that are now struggling under the Euro, lack of border controls, and uncontrolled migration are giving the UK shit for not sharing the pain.
Ah yes, that was what the term was. [This was the study...](http://www.britishelectionstudy.com/bes-resources/why-did-the-polls-go-wrong-by-jon-mellon-and-chris-prosser/) &gt; There is also new evidence for the differential turnout theory. 91.6% of our respondents claim to have voted compared with 66.4% in Great Britain as a whole. While this partially reflects the fact that polling respondents tend to be more politically interested than the general population, we also have considerable evidence that respondents overstate their turnout: 20% of respondents in areas without local elections claim to have voted in them in 2015; 3-6% of respondents in the campaign wave claim to have voted by post before the postal ballots were actually issued and 46% of respondents who we could not verify as registered to vote in June 2014 claim to have voted in the 2014 European Elections. In all of these cases, the fibbers lean significantly more Labour than other respondents. &gt; We look at the impact of overstated turnout more precisely by building a predictive model of turnout based on the validated vote in the 2010 BES face-to-face survey. The model accounts for a respondent’s stated likelihood of voting prior to the election, turnout in previous elections, their age, marital status, household income, unemployment and trade union membership, as well as several constituency factors, including the overall turnout in their constituency in the previous General Election. After accounting for these factors, we estimate that our respondents’ turnout is likely to have actually been around 73.4%. Importantly, we can look at how vote intention differs among respondents who have different predicted probabilities of voting. Figure 4 shows that the Labour lead among unlikely voters grew hugely between 2010 and 2015, suggesting that differential turnout is an important factor in explaining the polling miss: considerably fewer of those saying they were going to vote Labour are likely to have actually turned out to vote. Re-weighting our respondents according to their predicted probabilities of voting explains about 25% of the gap in the Conservative lead between the pre-campaign wave of our survey and the actual election results. ...it only accounted for 25% of the error though.
The issue isn't so much with *actual* refugees, it's those who tag along pretending to be refugees, travelling under fake documents, or no documents.
&gt; Of course Labor are being led by a bit of a 70's throw back at the moment Yeah, that's kinda what I was getting at. I don't think they're going to have such an easy time ousting him though.
There's a fairly big body of water (15km) between Denmark &amp; Sweden that migrants have to cross to get to Malmo yet plenty of them make it across on ferries, trains, coaches with no hindrance from any kind of border controls. If the UK were in Schengen they'd have a similar situation. --- I can't see the Schengen treaty lasting much longer anyway. As this article mentions, it's already being ignored by many countries who are now wishing to regain control of who crosses their borders.
By the sounds of it your solicitor should be able to easily have the conditions of your bail overturned. Speak to them in the morning. --- No doubt you will eventually have to leave, but you should be able to arrange time to get your affairs in order and find alternate accommodation.
Landlords (and their agents) are allowed to enter common areas of an HMO without needing the 24h notice otherwise required.
I'm guessing there's a subtle clue in their username.
Might want to delete your user account then, it kinda gives it away.
Studied physics, although I went into management (sales, sales management/consultancy, then managed a marina, then ran a sawmill). Now I'm a landlord, have a couple of rental properties, as well as a 50% stake in a multi-acre industrial site. Building another house at the minute as well as creating some small workshop spaces to rent. Until I got too busy with current projects I also earned a bit of extra cash from programming. That started as a hobby then part-time freelance for extra income. At one point I was earning more doing that than my regular job (I was working on a thing called Garry's mod when that became a commercial product and started selling like crazy). --- NB. I'm 34 now, went to Uni in '99.
&gt; remember that she had a legal obligation to protect your deposit and she didn't do it. You are legally and morally right to take action over this. OP was a lodger, this rule does not apply to their situation.
Some may argue that the cost of having open borders and no control of who's entering your country is higher than the minor inconvenience of having to stop for a second to scan your passport as you cross a border. Incidentally, I don't hear the same outcry over toll booths (France and Italy are covered in the things), yet it takes the same amount of time to pass a toll booth as it does to scan your passport when entering the UK. ...the only time you'll be asked to pull over for inspection is if your passport throws up a red flag. They don't search every car, that's not how most border controls work.
Ukraine was a nuclear power until the late 90's. Within 15 years of giving up their nukes they were invaded and annexed by Russia. Would Russia have still commenced their land invasion if Ukraine had remained a nuclear power? who knows, but you can be sure they would have been forced to think very carefully about it.
&gt; Show me that clip and I'll eat a copy of Murdock's memoirs. [Here's an article penned by the man hiimself](http://www.stopwar.org.uk/index.php/news/iraq-crisis-shows-it-s-time-for-uk-to-cut-free-from-us-and-nato-war-policies-says-jeremy-corbyn-mp) (one of many)
Just as one example... The Ottomans took [millions of Europeans over to Africa and into slavery](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbary_slave_trade). Many from what is now Western Europe (France, Italy, UK, Spain, etc.) By proportion of the populations at the time more Europeans were sold into slavery in Africa than African slaves to the Americas.
&gt; One of my friends suggest not to pay the rent until he shows up That's a silly idea. Don't do that.
Given that there is another poll just above this one between Blair &amp; Corbyn I'm going to guess that it was a choice between the two.
Look at the style of roof truss used as well. Some are unsuitable for conversion and will require the entire roof to be replaced (although you can likely salvage &amp; reuse the tiles). Others require extensive modification, others are relatively straightforward. This will probably be the biggest factor when it comes to cost, but a good rule of thumb for house extensions/loft conversions is that it'll cost somewhere around £1000-1500 per sq m of added space. --- EDIT: Forgot you said London, you can probably double that cost estimate.
One from Austria also invaded Poland (and did some other stuff).
Sounds like the UK.
So transport to the island is free, but what about back again?
&gt; The marine climate would seem like a good candidate for hoophouses That is until a massive cyclone passes by and fucks up your shit.
Why not genetically modify them to create a malaria vaccine? (along with other vaccines) Or is that beyond the scope of our understanding of genetics?
I don't have a problem with the UK taking on genuine refugees. There are an awful lot of freeloaders mixed in with the legit asylum seekers though and doing a Germany and letting everyone in then sorting out the mess later is IMO utterly the wrong ting to do. Corbyn is living in lala land if he thinks that's an electable position for Labour to take. --- I'd say that the way forward is to expand on our current role of taking the most vulnerable directly from refugee camps, get more countries doing likewise and get more people over there handling the applications to speed up the process. As for those at Calais, we should have an amnesty whereby we make a one-time offer of free flights home to those not fleeing war (many realise they've made a mistake but now feel trapped, an offer of a ride home will likely be met with gratitude to those who now come to realise there's no chance they're legally getting in to the UK). Legitimate refugees should be encouraged to register in France with assurances from the UK government that those with existing family ties will eventually be afforded the opportunity to move to the UK once we've dealt with the claims of the most vulnerable refugees who are currently stuck in camps in Turkey, Jordan, etc. IE. explain that eventually they may get here through legal channels but those who have registered at refugee camps near warzones will always take priority over those who have illegally crossed international borders hoping to asylum-shop.
They should be provided join funding coming from all Schengen countries with which to run their border police with. If they refuse the assistance they should be allowed to voluntarily opt out of Schengen (as should all other countries that won't accept quotas or a unified asylum procedure). Forcing every country into a 'one size fits all' union was never going to work long-term. it was a nice idea though.
Even Corbyn didn't seem to think it was a big deal during PMQs. If he was so truly aggrieved I'm sure he would have brought it up there and then. It was only after PMQs when he got home and hit twitter (and probably after speaking to Milne) that it became such a huge issue to him and his outrage solidified.
Jeremy is seemingly more concerned with appeasing the PC Tumblrina brigade than actually taking the Tories to task on issues that matters.
This happens occasionally in the UK as well. Typically they are pretty brazen about it. There was a gang nicknamed 'the hole in the wall gang' in my area that'd nick farm machinery or plant off a building site, drive it to where the cash point is, rip it from the wall, load the whole thing onto a truck then drive off. When they [hit my local village post office](http://www.nottinghampost.com/JCB-ram-raiders-hit-Keyworth-Post-Office/story-12259353-detail/story.html) they also stopped via the police station and slashed the tyres on all the police cars.
Welsh NHS is run by Labour. The failure there is nothing to do with Hunt.
One of the biggest demographics in favour of immigration reforms and strict limits on immigration are working class Labour voters ([85% in favour](http://lordashcroftpolls.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Labour-Loyalists-and-Defectors-poll-August-2015.pdf#page=41)). I don't think Corbyn realises this (or rather he just doesn't care).
&gt; with half of it expected upfront, before its even been earned That's not how it works. As someone who is also self-employed I totally get the sentiment though.
When the regulations came in existing sites were allowed to cap over the existing waste with a bunding layer and carry on dumping under the new regulations. They weren't however required to dig it all up and place a liner underneath. I'm guessing they deemed that would have caused far more problems that it would've solved. So yeah, I'm not really surprised that there are some landfills where nobody has a clue what lays underneath it all. Nottingham has the right idea. They built over their landfill areas and now have a couple of incinerators where the vast majority of the city's waste is burned, the carbon is then captured from the exhaust gasses. This generates power for the grid and waste heat which is used to heat nearby homes and businesses.
The fact that he's proper left wing and not a Blairite isn't the issue, the fact that he's inept is. Someone with his political views who was competent could provide a real challenge to the Tories. Unfortunately Corbyn is the best that the left have to offer, which (from the left's point of view) is a real shame.
Especially seeing as Labour's traditional working class voters are pretty much the most anti-immigration demographic going.
* On the day of the doctors strike never even mentions it. &gt; &gt; "Effective Opposition"
Ah yes, that makes a lot more sense now (I've not really read into the case too deeply).
One reason is that TFL is massively subsidized by every UK taxpayer. If any other city wanted the level of public transport that London has they'd have to pay for it themselves via local taxation, or via sky high fares (see NR). Hence London has great public transport and everywhere else has to struggle along without additional public funding. --- If TFL had to earn all its funding from fares (like pretty much every other UK public transport system) it'd likely be as shit as the rest of the UK ...probably worse.
I kinda feel sorry for him. It's pretty clear that he's rather inept at politics and massively out of his depth. The echo chamber he surrounds himself with will makes sure that he never knows this however. --- His policies aren't even the issue (although I find myself not aligned with any of them). Someone with his ideologies but with competent leadership skills could be a real danger to the Tories. It's pretty clear though that if Corbyn is the best that the hard-left have then people with centrist or right leaning views really have nothing to fear. He should step down and run for mayor of London, he'd probably actually do ok at that.
Clutching at straws much?
Out of interest, how does it work in France?
For a more fine-grained view you can go [by constituency](http://www.parliament.uk/topics/Unemployment.htm) easy enough. These figures get released/updated every month so are pretty accurate.
I paid for my uni by working hard during the holidays. You have so much time off during holidays that its almost criminal that some students just bum around for a few months in between semesters. I had an evening job in a factory order picking, a night job forklift driving at a timber yard (and operating a wood treatment tank), and worked weekends serving drinks at my local. Made enough money that I hardly touched my loans (tuition was cheaper back then, but loans were tiny). The best thing was that I didn't have to work during term-time which I could see was killing some of the people I was staying with.
...in many cases so does the client.
&gt; Arguing that it does make me a hypocrite is a perfect example of several logical fallacies Did you ever actually say that you would take in and look after an asylum seeker though? If not then no, you are not a hypocrite and nobody is calling you one. But keep making yourself out to be a victim though if it makes you sleep better at night. The previous commentor specifically mentioned they were referring only to the few that actually went as far as to say that they would actually take in a refugee or homeless person in order to boost their ego ....even though they actually had zero intention of following through on their promise. If that wasn't you then why are you getting offended by anything? nobody was talking about you.
/r/MonkeyNews
Well that's how the EU operates, so tough shit. If you don't like it then leave. ...is the argument you get from EU federalists every time something like this comes up.
Of course they'd know why. It'd be because of the bankers, the bonuses, and the 1%ers.
...a car where the turn signals and wipers syncronise wirelessly with other cars around you.
...won't apologise but will weasel out by deleting their comment.
Among DE Labour voters [85%](http://lordashcroftpolls.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Labour-Loyalists-and-Defectors-poll-August-2015.pdf#page=41) are in favour of less immigration and tighter immigration controls (83% for C2). Those groups have always traditionally made up a huge portion of Labour's core vote. These are the very same voters that are now flocking to UKIP. Labour's hard left don't care though as they're seemingly more interested in activism than opposition.
Cars can already trigger the lights via induction loops which will switch the lights to green so long as there's nothing coming in the other direction. This already works well but they can't detect bikes. The fact that bikes aren't detected by traffic lights is one of the main excuses that asshole cyclists use to defend their willingness to risk their lives by running red lights.
When the nightclub is full of people who sneer at you and don't want you there, costs half your monthly salary to get in, and drinks cost double what you'd pay at your cozy local then going home is probably the smart thing to do.
In Gross maybe. In Net contributions I believe the UK is well ahead of France (even after their rebate). Germany is still miles ahead though. ...The CAP is *extremely* generous to France in particular.
I'm assuming that the yellow tape indicates that the photos were taken during a training exercise. Maybe they don't use mags when practicing? Who knows.
Companies can hire from anywhere in the EU. What's the problem?
While true, the problem with that attitude is that most other EU countries are perfectly happy with the way it's headed. Why should the UK be entitled to force other countries to stall their plans for federalisation just because it's not what they want? If anything that will just result in further resentment as the UK continually blocks any attempts at further integration in a misguided attempt to reform an EU that doesn't want to be reformed.
This is nothing about Brishishness, it's just your common and garden bigoted left-wing racism rearing its ugly head yet again.
No shit. If the UK votes out it'll leave a €15 BN hole in EU finances. A hole which will ultimately be filled predominantly by German taxpayers.
&gt; Plenty of people in London are from London. Aren't something like 1/3rd of Londoners born outside of the UK? That's a pretty substantial number. There will also be a huge percentage that have moved to London from elsewhere in the UK. I know plenty of folks who moved there to seek their fortunes and are now living six+ to a house while attempting to scratch a living competing for jobs with the aforementioned 1/3rd. So yeah, obviously saying that "no-one is from London" is an exaggeration, but probably not by much.
The UK contributes around [£8.5BN](https://fullfact.org/europe/our-eu-membership-fee-55-million/) a year NET to the EU (roughly £130 for every man woman and child). Norwich has a population of [213,166](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norwich). Which means the citizens of Norwich are funding the EU to the tune of ~£28M every year. ...It's actually far more than that, but to save arguments I'm just using NET figures. In your opinion would you say that Norwich has received more than a £0.25 Billion in EU investment in the last ten years? If your answer is yes then at least as far as you're concerned Norwich has benefited from EU funding of local projects and grants. If no then the people of Norwich would have been better off financing those projects themselves and pocketing the difference rather than giving it to the EU.
Yeah, that's pretty much exactly what happened. Not funny at the time, but as the guy's name was Tom he was henceforth known as Tom Thumb. Luckily for him his thumb made a decent recovery and apart from a few minor scars you'd never know he nearly chopped it off. --- EDIT: your comment got spam filtered (presumably because of the wordpress link). It was only removed from the filter a couple of hours ago so I only just saw it.
Looks good, but I do have one question... Why not just get an in-line chiller? It means you can just connect any keg and you're ready to go without having to wait half a day for the stuff to get cool. Also, when your keg runs out just swap it for another and you're ready to go with zero downtime. --- As a Brit I might be missing something, but I honestly don't see the point in kegerators seeing as you can buy an in-line chiller for way less than £100 on ebay.
Rally car?
Should we be expecting mass arrests at beaches and swimming pools then?
He needs to punch someone. ...then they can sack him and get someone better.
Yes, the poor guy just needed a good hug and he would have changed his ways. ...whatever.
Preemptive action? Sorry UK, but this just isn't the EU way. You're supposed to let a couple of million in first to give others the idea that they can also get in, then once a few more million are already on their way you slam shut the door and leave your neighboring countries to pick up the pieces. Then you also ask the neighboring countries to help pay for the ones you already let in.
Don't forget the bankers and the bonuses.
I'm with you. We should wait for Labour to explain where these activists stayed and who paid for their accommodation while campaigning for local candidates before jumping to conclusions. Something tells me we'll be waiting a long while though.
&gt; and stop subscribing to some weird, outdated belief that the location in which someone is born should be the key, (and sometimes only) determinant about where they chose to live Huh, that's exactly how the EU currently views people. ...If you were lucky enough to have been born in an EU country you can pick and choose where you live and work, if you were born outside of the EU then you can fuck right off as EU citizens get first dibs on migration simply by virtue of where they happened to have been born. A truly global migration policy would treat everyone from every country exactly the same and would would be totally blind to where you were born. The only criteria you'd be judged on is whether the skills you bring to the table are needed in the country you wish to move to.
Which side does he throw himself off?
None of these issues are insurmountable. A basic GoPro recording 1080p footage @30fps can manage around 2.5 hours of continuous recording. For a full 8 hour shift plus a bit in reserve you'd need a GoPro type camera with a battery four times the size. Current GoPro batteries are [pretty tiny](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/AFv3IlTZK7c/maxresdefault.jpg), so 4x the size still isn't beyond the realms of possibility. In any case, many sources claim that as much as 50% of an officer's time on shift is spent in the station filling out paperwork, so in that case the battery would only need to be twice the size not four times. --- As for getting the footage off the cameras that part is relatively straightforward. As soon as an officer places their camera on charge back at the station their camera would authenticate with the video server and automatically sync up the footage it's recorded since its last charge, along with which officer was using the camera at the time. When the officer fills in their activity report at the end of their shift the times of incidents the officer attended that day are sent to the video server which flags those periods of the officer's daily footage for long term storage. You'd probably want a system where officer logged incidents are stored for a few months or until required as evidence, with all daily footage kept for a week and deleted on a rolling basis as long as the officer has no complaints filed against them. Storage is cheap as shit nowadays anyway. Based on my own CCTV system 8 hours of continuous 1080 footage @30fps would come in at around 30GB. Meaning that assuming police work a 5-day week the rolling storage you'd need would be about 150GB of storage per officer (which currently costs £20/TB). ...You'd probably want to double the amount needed though to allow for backups of everything. The amount of long term storage needed would depend on how much of an officer's time is actually spent attending incidents, which I'd imagine isn't actually that high overall. --- So yeah, I don't see any part of this that is beyond technically possible. And the storage side at least shouldn't break the bank.
I'm already registered but went online to see if I could still register at 1am and the site allowed me to fill in all my details and submit the form no problems. So the site may have been broken just before midnight, but it was working fine and still accepting registrations after the cutoff a bit later. Seeing as that was the case there's no need for further extensions IMO.
I'd just use the exact same argument you'd use for 16/15/14 but change the age to 13, or 12 or whatever. On that basis you should be able to use your own argument to convince yourself.
If you only have a fiver there are better ways to feed yourself than crappy fast food places. eg. I can make half a dozen 12" pizzas from scratch for a fiver.
Nor is the 'bedroom tax' a tax, but it seems that you can add the word 'tax' to the end of any policy these days in order to make it sound evil and scary.
Manual weeding of paths, flowerbeds and areas normally sprayed would likely be hundreds of times more labour intensive. How about these people offer to volunteer a few hours a week to weed their local park so it doesn't need to be sprayed in the first place. ...yeah, thought not. Slacktivism and signing meaningless online petitions is about as much effort as most 'environmentalists' are willing to go to.
The most worrying aspect is that someone who holds such views managed to garner enough public support that the majority of people in his area voted him into office. It tells you a lot about the political landscape in his area.
How reputable was the company doing the polling and how does this result stack up to other polls held by the same company using similar methodology? --- EDIT: Some results of the previous two referendum polls held by the same polling company... * [7th June - 44% Remain / 42% Leave](http://ourinsight.opinium.co.uk/survey-results/political-polling-7th-june-2016) * [31st May - 43% Remain / 41% Leave](http://ourinsight.opinium.co.uk/survey-results/political-polling-31st-may-2016) ...Assuming they used the same methodology across all three polls it looks like Bremain's fear tactics have spectacularly backfired.
Ah ok. Knew it sounded a bit fishy.
Out of interest, what's stopping a party running multiple candidates for the same seat and having the dummy candidates spend all their legal funding allowance to run a campaign solely on the basis of... "Don't vote for me, vote for our preferred candidate Mr Farage (or whoever their preferred candidate is)" That way couldn't they effectively double or triple their campaign budget for a sum of £500 per dummy candidate. Apart from the fact it'd be plainly obvious what they're doing, is there anything legally stopping this sort of thing from happening?
True, but a certain amount of fat is normal and healthy. Unfortunately though there are now groups that are attempting to normalise obesity, and it would appear London's new mayor is siding with them. At a time when obesity has now overtaken smoking in terms of cost to the NHS (while not bringing in any revenues as smoking does) at best this new policy does seem rather misguided.
He was good at the spontaneous live TV format that he pretty much invented back in the 90s (Big Breakfast, TFI Friday, etc). When he has a rigid script to follow he's awful, when he's allowed to roll with it and make things up as he goes along he's still fairly watchable. For example, compare his unscripted segments on extra-gear with the scripted stuff on the main program. I think BBC bosses chose him due to his being an excellent presenter of unscripted format shows without truly realising just how scripted Top Gear has become (or always has been). This has kinda left Evans forced to present a show with a format that he isn't really suited to.
Seeing as the mod in question was an obvious sockpuppet account, what steps have been taken to locate that user's main / other accounts and make sure those accounts aren't also responsible for steering and censoring content in other influential subreddits?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQuyMx2BWtk#t=4m27s (was posted elsewhere in this thread)
&gt; We leave notes at certain comments made by users Do you have any sort of 'freedom of information' policy, where users can request what notes you're keeping on them? If not you should as it'd help promote openness.
When you say 'Oculus' do you mean the Oculus store, or the Rift itself?
What if the UK just decides to petition for tariff free access similar to the arrangement Canada, Mexico, etc. already enjoys. Those countries aren't bound by the rest of EEA rules, nor do they have to pay for the privilege of access to the single market.
When having a discussion online you're not generally arguing to try and change the other person's mind, but to change the minds of others who are following the discussion who may be open to both sides and have yet to form an opinion on the subject. Acting like an ass, making claims and assumptions without any facts to back up your argument makes the point you're making lose credibility with those people you're actually trying to engage with.
The status quo for most of the UK's history has been independence. The EU only came about in its current form in the mid 90s, which isn't all that long ago. Some might argue that the current EU push for more political and economic integration plus more and more powers for Brussels is deviating *away* from the status quo, and that Brexit is returning to it. --- While it's true that for many of the younger generation giving more and more control to the EU might be what they consider the status quo, but for many older folks (most over 40) *their* status quo may be the opposite.
By the way, you're arguing with a different person to the one you were arguing with earlier. NB. While I don't fully agree with their arguments I do concur that you're embarrassing yourself.
I'll probably do what I do during most live election type things. Get a very early night at 5-6pm, set my alarm for 1-2am to catch the results half way through then stay up till morning. There's no way I'm missing the results live and there's no way I'm wasting my Friday by being knackered, so this is a good middle-ground.
&gt; there's very little i can afford that isn't a DIY project. That's what you're supposed to do for a first home (and if you've got any sense any subsequent ones you buy). I know very few people who went straight into a fully finished house. Practically everyone I know first moved into a house that needed a ton of work then go stuck in. Hell, my parents did just that in every house they ever lived in. --- These are the sorts of houses that get snapped up by house flippers and BTL investors, and there's a reason for it. It's because those are the easiest ones to add value to and ensure the biggest returns when you do eventually come to sell it.
So they know whose side people are on at a glance? Or at least know not to beat the shit out of someone without socks on without identifying them properly first.
&gt; there's very little i can afford that isn't a DIY project. That's what you're supposed to do for a first home (and if you've got any sense any subsequent ones you buy). I know very few people who went straight into a fully finished house. Practically everyone I know moved into a house that needed a ton of work then go stuck in. My parents did just that in every house they ever lived in. --- These are the sorts of houses that get snapped up by house flippers and BTL investors, and there's a reason for it. It's because those are the easiest ones to add value to and ensure the biggest returns when you do eventually come to sell it.
Stay up late the night before. Make sure I set myself up with plenty of physically demanding jobs that need doing for the day. Do them without any breakfast or lunch. Finish early and take the dog for a long jog (5-6 miles, probably more). Get back and have a big stodgy filling dinner, Knock back a few whiskies. ...Out like a light.
The disciplinary matter was for the bloke who wrote the thread not the guy knocking one out in the toilets. The company didn't give a shit if an employee was or wasn't wanking at work, they were more concerned with the employee who walked in spreading rumors about their coworker and the potential repercussions for the company if they were seen to be ignoring what could be construed as bullying in the workplace.
Reddit was playing up earlier. I was trying to submit a comment to a totally different thread and kept getting 500 errors repeatedly. Refreshed the page a few mins later and my comment had been posted three times.
Well, it's probably frowned upon and they rather you didn't, but I doubt you could be fired for it. [Also this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKH9ECC_Qa4).
Be that as it may, he's a bit of a hypocrite to be calling for the UK to remain in the EU. His companies are based outside the EU, he aggressively offshores his profits, and spends most of his time living on his private island which is also not in the EU. If he refuses to base his companies, pay tax or even live in the EU why should we give a flying fuck about what he says?
\#DEAFENIN
Older people may see independence as the status quo. Remember that the EU is relatively young and is only just over 20 years old. It also started off very different to what it's become today with expansion increasing at a rapid pace over just the last decade or so. Some (especially older generations) might argue that the current EU push for more political and economic integration plus more and more powers for Brussels is deviating *away* from the status quo, and that Brexit is returning to it.
Anyone mentioning the results such leaks reveal should face charges IMO. Doing so is deliberately attempting to subvert the democratic process.
CERN probably wouldn't be the best one to bring up, while it was a European project and partially funded by the EU it *is* located in Switzerland, which of course isn't part of the EU. If Bremain were to bring it up it'd give Leave an easy counterpoint with which to respond.
&gt; [Purdah refers to a specified period of time (usually three or four weeks) before an election when the Government is banned from making any kind of announcement about new or controversial initiatives or laws that could sway the outcome of a vote.](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/what-is-purdah-brexit-eu-referendum-a7047806.html)
FYI The linked page has been deleted.
Transphobia may come under the umbrella of homophobia, I'm not sure. I don't think anyone is any more. Anyway, it was a joke so doesn't really matter.
Was expecting handcuffs. Close enough.
Multi-millionaire on his plush floating restaurant, surrounded by upper-middle-class student types driving around in the launches from their parent's gin palaces vs hardworking fishermen who've seen their livelihoods decimated at the hands of the EU. Kinda says it all.
I can't believe you're saying that the SNP aren't a nationalist party. It beggars belief. Would you be saying the same thing if someone was arguing on behalf of the BNP?
&gt; according to my definition That's a bit of a cop-out to say the least. Under *my definition* of fascism the Green party are literally worse than Hitler. \*sigh\* Anyway, I'd suggest you read the very first sentence on the SNP's [Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scottish_National_Party).... &gt; The Scottish National Party (SNP) is a Scottish **nationalist** and social-democratic political party in Scotland. See, it says it right there.
I would hope that all helicopters can lift their own weight. If they couldn't they'd never be able to leave the ground.
Doubt it, and I hope not; But it was a fun sideshow.
Trouble is that these are mostly the exact same experts who said the sky would fall and our economy would collapse if we didn't join the Euro. Since the Euro has done the complete opposite to what was foretold by those experts people who remember their rhetoric are far less trusting this time around.
For a second, I was confused, because a '*' symbol is often referred to as an asterisk.
Interesting perspective. Definitely worth watching, whether you're still on the fence or not.
If it doesn't show up in the 'other discussions' tab then it's likely the mods removed it. Could be an automod filter that caught it by accident. I'd message them and ask.
We'll receive more back in tariffs coming the other way when countries export to us though, as we import far more from the EU than we export to it. Really it'll be businesses (both EU and UK ones) that lose out as they'll be the ones paying the tariffs. ...that is unless we decide that income from import tariffs are to be used to offset the cost to UK businesses of export tariffs. --- This is why it makes sense that even in the event of Brexit EU companies will still want to retain tariff free access to UK markets (and vice versa). If the EU decide to impose tariffs anyway it'll be their businesses that lose out far more than ours do, which is why I really don't see punitive tariffs becoming a reality.
You're still beholden to the service provider to carry on granting you that discount. I was on T-Mobile and after a couple of years negotiated a 25% 'loyalty discount'. This loyalty discount was applied before I was billed. I didn't have to pay the full amount then get some of it back. When EE took over they quietly got rid of loyalty discounts. My phone bill suddenly went up by 25% and I received nothing in return. --- Enough with the strained analogies. What's to stop a future PM giving away some of our rebate for nothing in return? ...oh wait, that already happened.
Technically when travelling to an EU country (or anywhere else) everything will be duty &amp; VAT free. Could that have been what they meant? ...that's not a reason to vote one way or another though.
...which is Ironic seeing as you're more likely to be stabbed in America than you are in the UK. You just hear about stabbing much more in the UK because shootings are so rare and the media will always want to report on the most serious crime that's happened.
[Looks like MEN were quoting Sky.](https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/4od76i/labour_mp_jo_cox_shot_live_updates_politics/d4bl7xf) What a clusterfuck.
How much is your excess? I can't imagine the repair would cost more than your excess would be unless you're driving something extremely exotic. If the repair was going to cost £300 and my excess was £250 I think I'd just pay out of pocket rather than have my insurance company chip in £50 but then lose my no claims bonus. --- What was the cow doing on the road? Was your car parked / stationary at the time the damage was done? Have to spoke to the farmer to see if they're willing to cover the cost of repair?
Off the top of my head... Farm work, nannying, elderly care, gamekeepering, kids summer camps, holiday parks (eg Butlins), housekeeper, groom (stable yard).
Same here, and they'll happily schedule 1-on-1 face to face meetings if you have something you'd rather discuss in private rather than in an open forum during one of their regular surgeries (held once or twice a month). This is a massive contrast to the MP I had when I lived in Central Manchester (Castlefield). I was living on a narrowboat at the time and had several issues I wanted to discuss but trying to get hold of them was all but impossible. In the end I gave up.
Don't worry, [they're attempting to change all that](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/11793258/How-the-EUs-billions-fund-Brussels-Beanos.html) [Link to full book](http://bookshop.europa.eu/en/on-the-road-to-victory-pbKV0113560/downloads/KV-01-13-560-EN-C/KV0113560ENC_002.pdf?FileName=KV0113560ENC_002.pdf&amp;SKU=KV0113560ENC_PDF&amp;CatalogueNumber=KV-01-13-560-EN-C) (PDF)
Just leave some wires hanging out of it and leave it near a bench. You can then go off exploring and pick your bag up at the nearest police station when you're done.
She should write to both the site manager and the parking company, also the residents association (if applicable).
Have you been to A&amp;E recently? Last time I was there I'd say maybe 50% of folks in the waiting room didn't speak any English and seemed to only be there as they weren't registered with a GP and had some minor issue they wanted looking at. In fairness these people were dropped right to the back of the queue and we still got seen fairly quickly as the person I was with had broken their leg and it was kinda serious (unlike most of the folks there). So yeah, you do get a lot of immigrants (or what looked to be immigrants) clogging up A&amp;E departments, but the folks working there aren't dumb and will still prioritise actual emergencies over those abusing our healthcare system. A lot of this could be fixed by educating these folks on how to register for a GP and by stressing that they should only visit A&amp;E in cases of actual emergency. Whatever is currently being done doesn't seem to be enough though.
"Nice country you've got there. It'd be a shame if something were to 'happen' to it" ...Is this the EU admitting that it's nothing more than a protection racket.
That's not really an issue as there's a waterproof gusset behind the zip. The zip just allows the leg to open up wider for entry/exit. You do have to wash behind it occasionally though as it can get gummed up with detritus. To me at least, having a proper snug fitting pair of boots is more important than having to clean behind the zips every few months.
Presumably their tenancy agreement states that they are responsible for the upkeep of the garden? Ask them if they intend to keep on top of it or whether they'd like you to organise a gardener to do the work (which they'd have to pay for).
Does the car currently have an MOT? The car has to be roadworthy in order to transfer the plates off it. That means it needs an MOT. If the car is knackered it's usually not worth it unless the plate has significant value.
There's no Karma for self posts though.
That's how Remain *want* you to feel. Looks like their campaign has been a roaring success.
&gt; I am concerned with the rise of anti-intellectualism and an emphasis on "feels" rather than "facts" So how do you feel about those who are voting a certain way because they've been encouraged to be 'scared' of the alternative?
Not a fan of the display resolution on either. Even the x200/s came with a 1440x900 option. The x220 &amp; x230's 1366x768 screens seem like a step backward in that regard. At least try to get one with the 300nit IPS screen if you can. --- As for which is best with regards to battery life, I'm not sure there'll be a great deal in it. With a 9-cell and the clip-on external battery both should get you close to 24 hours of light usage.
It's funny how he was seemingly all in favour of Scotland leaving the UK (and EU). But for some reason when it's the whole UK wanting to leave the EU suddenly he's saying that the sky will fall and it'll be the end of the world as we know it. There's some fairly obvious bias seeping through his videos on these subjects that's interesting to behold.
Sounds like damage done by a disgruntled employee.
Out of interest, how are the non-Muslim minority likely to vote?
This. I'd much rather the side I didn't vote for win with a healthy majority and a large turnout than 'my side' win but with a crappy turnout and only just scrape a victory.
Ireland isn't in Schengen though, so people still need a passport in order to enter Ireland from the EU.
Likewise in Notts. Was shorts &amp; flipflops weather over here. Beer garden until 10pm.
Cardiff *will* vote to remain, I wouldn't expect anything else. Question is by how much.
Yes
So it was mainly those that remember a time before the EU who voted out? Makes sense.
Rushcliffe voted to stay though. ...One of only three areas in the entire midlands to do so (and Leicester voting remain was surprisingly close).
With Corbyn facing a vote of no confidence I can't see right now being a good time for Labour. UKIP will be the only ones to do well out of a snap election.
Shh, your "facts" are disrupting the circlejerk.
His whole "stop Muslims moving to the US" thing could be considered racist, so long as you see a religious belief as synonymous with race.
&gt; Didn't know muslims were a race Which is why I qualified the statement by saying... &gt; ...so long as you see a religious belief as synonymous with race.
Yes that's exactly what I was saying.... For those who conflate religion with race his comments (to them) are racist. NB. I'm not one of those people.
Give us time to dip our toe in the water. If it works out and doesn't end in the apocalypse feel free to come join us. We'll form our own European Alliance trade zone, with no political union, but with blackjack, and hookers. We're taking one for the team here. For a better Europe. ...at least I hope so. But realistically, who knows. Only time will tell.
Sure, the Pound dropped against the Euro, but only to where it was in April. Not great, but also not the end of the world.
https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/4poyql/jo_coxs_constituency_voted_to_leave/d4n9ssv Not a verifiable source (obviously), but interesting if true.
I'd imagine that the EU will carry on with the deal they're on and (eventually) the UK will probably end up with a better deal ...or rather one more tailored to the UK's interests. --- Realistically though, everything is just speculation at this point.
I agree with you, but calling someone a child because they have a differing point of view or don't fully understand the facts doesn't really help you get across your point.
Probably not, but it won't have done you any favours. In winter even when there was the slightest bit of snow we used to get folks calling in claiming that they couldn't get to work. One of the other directors would always offer to come pick them up in his 4x4. Nearly always they'd suddenly say that "maybe it's not so bad and I'll have another go", or that there was actually some other reason they couldn't come in. Those sorts of people never seemed to last very long. NB. If the reason was that their kids school was closed then that was fair enough. But nearly always it just seemed to be that they were just finding an excuse to skive off for the day. --- Rightly or wrongly, your refusal of a lift will likely be seen by your employer as unwillingness to come to work and will at best result in pretty heavy black mark against your name. Next shift I'd make a big effort to apologise.
&gt; all the volunteers working the polls. AFAIK all poll workers are paid for their time. Depends on the area, but usually between £100-£250 for the day.
I don't know many anti-immigration types who are against controlled migration of skilled workers. ...But nice strawman you're building yourself there.
[No vote manipulation going on here](https://gfycat.com/MediocreInfamousCoqui), move along nothing to see.
They don't, they're just trolling and doing a good job of discrediting meaningless online polls.
See if you can find an x201/201s or x200/200s or x300 with a 1440x900 screen. The x220 as recommended elsewhere is a fine machine but the crappy screen resolution really lets it down. The ones I mentioned will be slightly slower, but with an SSD and RAM upgrade they're still more than capable of anything other than gaming or CAD work.
It would seem like it was mainly only the very richest in the uk (and their kids) who voted in. The majority of people in C1, C2 &amp; DE groups voted out. Only the AB socio-economic group had a majority in favour of retaining EU membership.
His company is headquartered outside the EU, to avoid paying tax he banks outside the EU, he lives on a private island outside of the EU. For somebody so in favour of us staying in the EU he sure goes out of his way to have as little to do with it as possible.
He knows enough about the EU to not headquarter any of his businesses within it, to avoid banking (and paying taxes) in it, and to avoid living in it. ...Although his luxury private island is in a UK territory, so he's not abandoned his country entirely I guess.
Considering nobody knew who the fuck he was a year ago I'd say it's not a bad turnout.
Did you try pinging it with an RFID / NFC reader?
[Well this should help](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/06/29/new-zealand-offers-uk-its-top-trade-negotiators-for-post-brexit/) In any case, the only reason we have no negotiating team is that for the last 20 odd years we've been barred from forming our own trade deals as everything has had to go through the EU.
Get a laptop with a less wimpy hinge. I can pick mine up by the screen and the the laptop stays open where it is (hinge doesn't open) ....this is also how I gauge whether a laptop hinge is fit for purpose.
Corbyn announcing construction of a Death Star would certainly get my vote.
I drove past some motorway services the other day. There were literally hundreds of deadly-looking lorries parked up in broad daylight. Those trucks would be capable of killing thousands of people if they got into the wrong hands. The government really should do something before another tragedy occurs.
You know these aren't real right? They're funny, no doubt, but it's an entirely fictional exchange. Much like when a comedian reels off a story that happened to them "on the way to the gig". It didn't *actually* happen, they wrote the story probably weeks or months ago as part of their routine and have been repeating the same story about what just happened to them at every gig since. --- For instance, the parking fine letter skit he did. A friend of mine used to be a UK parking warden, apparently there's no way whatsoever that they'd take a photo of the car from the side as any sort of evidence of anything. Not alone at least. There would be other supporting evidence, eg. a photo with the number plate clearly visible, a photo showing a no parking sign, double yellow lines, etc. That's just the bit I remember him talking about. There were a few other inaccuracies mentioned but we were in a pub, I was bored of the conversation, so switched off for the rest of it and don't recall what was said. --- But yeah, that's not to say these bits he does aren't funny, but they have to be taken for what they are... comedy.
So? ...and magicians tell you they're doing "real magic", or are actually reading your mind. Like I say, comedians make funny shit up all the time that supposedly happened to them. So long as it's entertaining what's the harm?
Get a couple of ['no parking'](http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/222362934103) cones. Sell them when the building work has completed.
This is actually pretty sound advice. Drive down the night before and stay in a local B&amp;B (or airport hotel if you're desperate). Have a long, good nights sleep, leisurely breakfast, mosey on down to the airport when you're good and ready. Many B&amp;Bs within the vicinity of airports offer free parking for the duration of your trip, and if your lucky a free ride to the airport. Even free parking is usually more than enough to cover the cost of the nights accommodation.
Leave and get a lodging somewhere.
They should be required to know the language *before* they're permitted to immigrate. ...Likewise for Brits moving to Spain etc.
So you bought it in Dec '16 then moved it to your new house in Summer '16? Are you a time traveler? According to a certain Arnie movie inorganic matter doesn't handle the stresses of time travel all that well so maybe temporal distortions have jiggered your engine. --- Have you checked for a spark? ...remove spark plug, reconnect HT lead, hold threads of spark plugs against something metal, turn the engine over, check for spark. Is it a pull or electric start? ...if the latter then make sure the battery is fully charged or you're using jump-leads off a car or something. Also, is your new place at a significantly different altitude to your old one? If so you may need to have the carb adjusted. ...if that's the case it should still start though, just be running rich/lean. So yeah, probably not that. You can check the air filter is clean, remove &amp; clean the carb, etc. but if you aren't all that confident I'd just drop it round your local mower repair shop and they'll probably have it up and running in like 10 mins.
Media conspiracy!!!"1
Ask them to do an AMA.
...or they were pushing an agenda. If it wasn't for the exact same economists making the exact same dire predictions should we be foolish enough to refuse the EU's kind offer of joining the Euro in the 90s I'd probably side with Hanlon's Razor on this one, but because of that I'm not 100% convinced.
The whole concept of allotted 'sick days' seems like a bizarre concept to me. The company is basically saying you can only get sick X number of days a year. Any more than that and we expect you to come in anyway, feel like shit and spread your germs to everyone else. Any less than that and we're basically encouraging you to fake illness in order to maximize your sick day allocations. IMO the way it should work is... * If you're well then you should be at work * If you're sick then you should stay at home until you're better. You will be paid for your whole recovery period. * If you're found to be faking illness or lying about being ill when you're not then you *will* be sacked NB. this is pretty much how it works where I'm from, which is why I find the whole "you have X number of sick days" thing kinda strange.
EU should be saying "take them back or we sanction all trade in and out of your country, cut all foreign aid you may be receiving, prevent anyone from your country entering the EU and prevent any and all EU tourism to your countries." ...I'm sure their tune would soon change if the EU wasn't so fucking pathetically weak.
The money would be pooled from all countries across the Schengen zone. Where it went and how much each country got out of the pool per refugee would be up to everyone to agree. Realistically, richer countries will likely need to receive more more due to their higher living costs. Countries would have to understand that if refugees end up in richer countries the funds they'll all have to put into the system will be far higher though. Any countries not willing to be part of such a common immigration arrangement should be given a free choice of whether to remain part of the Schengen zone (although it shouldn't affect other areas of their EU membership). --- Personally I don't for a minute think that's the best way of dealing with things... I'd actually argue that the immigration centres don't even need to be in EU countries at all. As of last summer the UK was spending more money than any other EU nation to directly support and fund refugee camps in Jordan, Lebanon, etc. Whilst making it clear that it would only be accepting asylum requests from people already in those camps*. Priority being given to those deemed especially vulnerable, followed by those who already have a UK connection (existing family, etc). This both ensures that the money can help the largest number of people physically possible, that 100% of it goes to people who actually need it (there are very few, if any fake refugees in those camps), while allowing those who have family in the UK that are willing to look after them the ability to allow them to do so. IMO if this was EU and not just UK policy I doubt Europe would currently even have a migrant crisis right now. --- \* ...exceptions were made for unaccompanied minors from the Calais jungle camp when it was closed, but that gesture backfired when many if not most of the "children" that had been brought over were seen to visibly resemble grown men in their 30s &amp; 40s. Allowing stuff like that only helps to destroy public confidence in the plight of genuine refugees.
...and I'll raise you an [Elise](http://cdn.gearpatrol.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/Best-Bond-Cars-Lotus-Esprit-For-Your-Eyes-Only-Gear-Patrol.jpg)
A barge is unpowered.
Brits have natural looking teeth. From a Brit's perspective Americans obsess about having perfectly lined up teeth that are freakishly white. They'll wear uncomfortable braces for most of their childhoods in order to conform to some arbitrary standard set by Hollywood. --- EDIT: Also... Average number of missing or decayed teeth at age 12 (2004) United Kingdom 0.7 United States 1.3 \**[Source](http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?DataSetCode=HEALTH_STAT)* IE. American kids are almost twice as likely to have rotten teeth as Brits. ...Brits might just have healthier teeth, American ones just look nicer due to cosmetic dentistry.
Bridgewater to start with. I lived in [Castlefield basin](http://www.penninewaterways.co.uk/manchester/castlefield.htm) in the centre of Manchester. Mooring was ~£20 p/w, which wasn't bad to be able to live in one of Manchester's nicer central areas. I was in my early 20's so being able to moor up next to the [canal facing VIP areas](http://c8.alamy.com/comp/C5RH36/deansgate-locks-bars-and-restaurants-manchester-england-C5RH36.jpg) outside the nightclubs at Deansgate locks was a great way to 'meet people' (if you know what I mean). When my father popped his clogs I moved back closer to home, moored up on the river Soar near Nottingham and ended up running the [marina &amp; boatyard](http://redhill-marina.co.uk/) there for a number of years.
It's in my original post... http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?DataSetCode=HEALTH_STAT
Welcome to the EU gravy train.
&gt; We built a road wohoo lets post on r/europe! ...we rebuilt the same road three times in seven years, woohoo! Hardly something to be proud of. That just means they wasted a ton of funds and/or have planners who don't have a fucking clue what they're doing. ...which is kind of an allegory for the EU project as a whole.
What do you do for hobbies / in your free time? Do you not have anything from that part of your life that has given you some form of accomplishments you can talk about?
If remain had won I wonder if he would still have considered the result "advisory"? I highly fucking doubt it.
Erdogan's probably hoping that by then Turks have free movement across the EU. Then he can 'encourage' them to emigrate and make the EU pay for them that way.
How does "giving EU citizens living in the UK peace of mind" equate to the EU bending over and getting fucked in your mind?
I've seen .22 moderators (what we call them here) for less than £30.
No idea where our term comes from, but here in the UK we call them moderators.
No idea if they're any good by Canadian standards, but my local team are the [Nottingham Panthers](http://www.panthers.co.uk/). Give them a bell and ask if you can join them for a practice when you're here.
whoosh?
&gt; What would you look for in a tenant? * Stable job with a decent income is probably #1, but that doesn't help you guys much :) * Verifiable references from previous landlords (again, probably doesn't help you much). ...These can be a red herring though, as if they're horrible tenants the landlord may give a good reference just to get shot of them. * Someone looking for a place long-term is always preferable. It costs a lot to advertise, vet tenants, show folks round, etc. ...and have the place empty &amp; not earning while doing all that. The less often that needs to happen the better. * Clean &amp; tidy looking car helps (age of it doesn't matter) ...if they look after they own stuff then there's a half reasonable chance they might treat other people's stuff similarly. I don't mean to dash your hopes with all of that, but unfortunately those are the realities you're facing. Good luck!
I have to stay away from real ale (cask conditioned beer) as I presume my gut doesn't like the live yeast. Other than that alcohol doesn't seem to affect my guts too much (my head is another matter).
Pretty sure that's a joke that all teachers/lecturers in/from the West Midlands use.
You can usually look at the URL slug on Guardian articles to see what the original title was. In this case... "jeremy-corbyn-uk-is-better-off-out-of-eu-with-managed-migration" So yeah, OP posted the link with the original title. The author must've edited it after receiving a few death threats from Momentum or something.
I hope they haven't sent all the [immigration mugs](http://labourlist.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/controls-on-immigration-mug-440x440.jpg) to the landfill just yet!!
Hah, that padlock mirrors my sentiments entirely. Stupid Brummies.
~10kV ...fuck all current though.
Zenimax owns id software, Carmack is demoing 'his' HMD at his 'mad scientist lab' at id ...which is where he developed the device. The video could be used as pretty compelling evidence that Carmack developed the HMD while on id's premises, while being paid* by id (Zenimax), using their equipment &amp; materials". ...which would play into their claim that they own some of the IP related to the device. --- EDIT: \* Even if he was working on it out of hours he was still using their premises, equipment, materials, etc. Generally that would give the company some level of ownership of the thing he developed. NB. This is also true for universities, where students develop projects using university facilities the university is usually within its rights to take ownership of any IP created.
In fairness, London has something like a 35% foreign born population (over 50% in some boroughs). ...Not that there's necessarily anything wrong with that (only people who live in those areas can really determine that, and I'm not one of those people).
...it's probably stuck there.
If 12 people live in the same house in an illegal sub-let they only pay one lot of council tax. The local authority still has to provide policing, fire, refuse collections, etc. for all 12.
Psshh... Heinz tins don't even stack properly.
I give these stats a solid 5/7
Residential or are you going after contracts for larger solar farms? Do you carry your own water supply in your vans for doing rural solar fields where mains water might not be present?
In the UK this this sort of thing is only illegal if parked on a public street. If parked off the street on your private driveway you can leave it running with a sign on it saying "please steal me!" if you want and the police can't do shit (your insurance company might not be very happy with you though).
&gt; we can denounce treaties whenever we want! Isn't that what we're in the process of doing right now with Brexit?
&gt; Same with Muslim sub groups. [Not according to the Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2009/may/07/muslims-britain-france-germany-homosexuality) (that well-known hateful right-wing rag). ...in the UK at least.
You were disputing the methodology of the one the other guy posted. Do you dispute this one as well?
&gt; We rent, and there really is no practical way to install a camera on the front door without drilling holes into the exterior stucco. Why not ask your landlord? I'm sure they'll be fine with adding additional security to their property. So long as it's done in a professional manner that is. They may ask you to put it back how it was when you leave though.
I kinda like [this design](http://peltiertech.com/wp-content/img200805/Marshalite_traffic_signal.jpg) It obviously wouldn't be compatible with modern induction sensors etc. but it's simplicity and utility is just great.
Mix a weak bleach solution to clean the wall with. That will remove the mould and kill any spores so it won't come back. Unless there's actual verifiable damp, leaking roof, etc. I'd expect the tenant to do this as mould is usually caused by lack of ventilation and/or folks drying clothes within the property.
I'll be honest, I just wish it had an email client (even an extremely basic one). It has a Facebook app, which isn't that bad. I don't really use FB all that much though, and an email client would be infinitely more useful.
It's water. Boiling (and/or re-boiling) it doesn't in any way change its chemical composition.
Isn't London's average salary close to £50k? I think I'd just about manage to get by on that sort of wage; even in London.
It really is. Most people don't actually visit subreddits (as in /r/subreddit) very often or at all. A sticky will show up in their feed once (if they happen to be online when the sticky is still 'hot'. Multiple threads, by multiple users about the same issue are far more likely inform the community at large than a single sticky that may appear on their front page once (if they're lucky). I've got nothing against there being a megathread for common issues, but forcing those affected to only post in it *is* hiding the issue from the wider community.
Do you work for Apple by any chance?
Ah, "City of London". I wonder what the figure would be for Greater London.
&gt; the majority of people 45 and under **who voted** voted to remain. ...important distinction. Almost two thirds of the younger demographic (18-24) didn't care enough either way to even bother voting. Only 27% of that age group actually voted for remain, whereas 32% of all over 65s voted remain. So yeah, you'd be equally correct starting your post by saying "It was the young folk what lost it". --- [Source](http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/staggers/2016/06/how-did-different-demographic-groups-vote-eu-referendum)
The people doing the actual trading (brokers, etc) do, the people doing the investing (retirement funds, etc) don't.
...or billions / trillions of smaller rocky bodies (asteroids / planetoids) orbiting and moving around each other with a barycentre at the location where we'd expect planet X to be located.
I have a smallholding in Nottinghamshire (UK). I'm gradually expanding its earning potential by converting derelict buildings into storage units, workshops, &amp; dwellings. I currently have a 600 sq ft workshop, a smaller 400 sq ft storage unit. Some outside hardstanding which is rented out, some stables that are rented to horsey types. One larger 2000 sq ft workshop, which has someone lined up to move in but isn't quite ready yet. Currently in the process of finishing off a nice two-bed bungalow which when done will also be rented out. ...I've also split my main house in two, half of which is rented out. as well as all that I have a lodger in the part I live in. --- The rental income from the various parts of the property is being ploughed back into repairing/rebuilding/renovating other derelict parts of the site, as well as buying machinery &amp; tools to aid with the above (digger, dumper, skidsteer, UTV, hand &amp; power tools, etc). I'm doing practically all the work myself but am working my regular job part-time as well. By the time there are no more projects on the site left to do I'm hoping the regular income will be enough for a bit of early (semi)-retirement.
They can still negotiate and sign agreements, just those agreements can't become active until Britain's formal exit from the EU has been finalized (which granted, will likely be in a year or twos time meaning most countries will likely want to hold off on those negotiations). So yeah, the UK can't have active trade deals in place while still EU members, but there's nothing stopping them from negotiating them so they're ready to go once an actual Brexit date is decided on.
They can negotiate, they can even sign deals, it's just that those deals cannot come into force while the UK is still an EU member state. If what you said was true the UK couldn't even negotiate an EU-UK trade deal until after it's left. This is patently not true as hammering out an EU trade deal of some description will likely be the centrepoint of the Brexit negotiations.
Are you Japanese?
I know right ...eggs Benedict isn't even remotely a British meal.
In fairness, nowadays it's the other way around. Wales, Scotland, &amp; NI get billions in extra payments from Westminster under the Barnett formula. In the case of Wales &amp; Scotland these payments are ostensibly to cover the increased costs of providing public services to their respective remote areas. Realistically though much of these payments go towards Edinburgh, Glasgow, Cardiff, etc. and rural folks hardly see a penny of it. I'd have a lot more belief in these payments if they could only be spent in rural areas, and that remote areas of rural England got similar subsidies.
Must admit I'm not fully au fait with WTO machinations, but if the EU is free to set its tariff at 10% why can't the US (make the boneheaded decision to) sets its level at 35%?
I get mine from the cash &amp; carry. It's what all the decent cob shops use. £1.50/lb (£7.50 for 5 lb), nicely thick cut smoked back bacon - that doesn't shrink to 1/10th its uncooked size. ...Job done.
...and Universities. Even though in that instance you're paying *them* to use their facilities, anything you come up with while there the University is legally entitled to claim as their own.
Well the working class are *overwhelmingly* in support of immigration limits (both from EU and worldwide). Something like 83/85% of C2/DE *Labour* voters believe immigration is out of control and wish it to be reduced. If those are your views then Labour are out, the Lib Dems 100% so. That leaves the Tories or UKIP.
"Federal taxes" ...I'm calling it now.
...So quit NATO then.
Obsolete when only a tiny handful of signatories meet their defence spending obligations.
Tesco politics.... every little helps.
/r/propagandaposters
Well yes. We all know that free trade means open borders, free movement of people, billions in EU membership payments every year, EU run courts, EU laws, joining the Euro, etc. etc. We've been told this time and time again so it must be true. Canada has to do all of that, as does Chile, so does Egypt, etc. etc. ...no wait, hang on a minute.
If he gets turfed out it's obviously because he's too much of a red Tory and isn't left wing enough. He should be replaced with someone like Chavez, Mao, or Stalin.
Plenty of good food pubs &amp; Restaurants in the Vale of Belvoir... Langar Hall, Langar; Martins Arms, Colston Basset; Chequers, Woolsthorpe. To name a couple. Closer to Leicester there are thousands of curry houses - too many to name. If curry isn't your thing then what are you even doing in Leicester?? Getting away from the Curries though, one of my favorite hidden gems is Casa Romana, close to central Leicester; which is a family owned genuine Italian place which is so well tucked away [you'd miss it even if you walked right past it](https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@52.6323058,-1.1313616,3a,90y,244.61h,81.51t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sJIKFkprX5Av5jlCM5P_EzA!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1).
You think retail stores take less?
It's a veiled threat to *all* EU nations ...try and leave and we'll break your fucking legs on the way out. It's seemingly becoming clear the EU is becoming nothing more than a shady protection racket.
Also, Orkney &amp; Shetland who are the most pro-UK areas of Scotland also would own something like 90% of Scotland's oil if they ever became independent. If that had happened before the oil price crash per capita they'd be more wealthy than most oil sheikhs. So yeah, there's a huge incentive for them to leave Scotland if Scotland leaves the UK. ...and after crowing for decades about how self-determination is so important the SNP could hardly deny their request without looking like massive hypocrites.
Ah, that's even better then. Get a three phase supply if you can though. The world of cheap kit it opens up is unbelievable. The motors are also a lot more efficient with less power consumption and better thermal performance, better power to weight ratio, smoother operation &amp; less vibration, less initial start-up current draw, etc.
Farage couldn't even muster up enough votes to become MP of a couple of sleepy fishing villages, he's hardly the deified leader you're making him out to be.
&gt; It simply isn't in their interest to give the UK anything that might encourage another country to follow. It is absolutely necessary for the future success of the EU that Brexit is a warning for all other member states. Yes but can you not see that if the EU acts in such a manner they come across as nothing more than a protection racket and will just be proving all the claims of Farage, et al as correct. That will play directly into the hands of separatist movements all across the continent and could potentially have the opposite affect than the EU is hoping for.
Yes, it's the [M.A.D.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mutual_assured_destruction) option, and if either side has any sense it will never come to it. However, we're deep into the realms of realpolitik now and a certain level of brinkmanship and game theory is to be expected.
If this means what I think it does then it's probably a good thing. Granted, our RHI &amp; FIT schemes aren't as ridiculously generous as ones elsewhere ([specifically NI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renewable_Heat_Incentive_scandal)), but they still pay out far too much IMO. It's even given rise to a sickening phrase within the 'renewables' sector: "The more you burn the more you earn". This is where if you have a cheap local source of waste biomass the government (ie. the taxpayer) will pay you to burn it so long as you generate heat and that heat is used for "something". If you source your material properly the amount you receive in subsidies is very close to the cost of the biomass, which means you're essentially getting the heat for free. It's not as bad here, but in NI this lead to the ridiculous situation where people are burning stuff just for the government handout they receive for the heat produced. --- I know all this because I'm looking at getting one to heat my house, another rental house, and a couple of warehouses &amp; industrial units I own. ..."The more you burn the more you earn" was literally a phrase used by the boiler supplier when they explained how the RHI scheme works. It's utterly bonkers and needs to end, but that doesn't mean I'm not going to try and take advantage if and while I can.
Out of interest, when does one become the other? ...and which specific EU law/regulation/whatever defines when a discussion becomes a negotiation?
...then, if they counter-offer and agree to meet you part way follow up with something like: "Ok, I'll accept that so long as it's in addition to a standard inflation based pay rise as this at least means that the pay rise you're offering is in real terms." or try... "Ok, I'll accept that, but seeing as it's not quite what I was asking for will you consider granting an additional X holiday days to make up the difference" --- Or talk about flexitime, an option to work from home X days a week/month, if you have kids planned try negotiating for additional maternity/paternity pay, better employer pension contributions, better company car allowance, better mileage allowance if you work off-site, if you commute by train ask for a railcard, etc. There's loads of stuff on the table besides salary, and many bosses &amp; managers will be more likely to grant it simply because so few people ever try to negotiate these aspects of their contract so you'll catch them off-guard.
RHI still exists in the UK. Unlike Ireland you can only really make 'profit' on it if you're getting the biomass for free (or are just paying the haulage) ...I sort of mentioned this in my previous post. It's still a big scam though where wealthy folks who can afford the up-front costs of solar panels or a biomass boiler are having their heating &amp; electricity subsidised by the taxpayer.
UK here. I buy real Mozzarella, but also buy the pre-grated stuff for pizza to go with it. Never seen it in slices though (not that I've really looked).
South Notts (rural area though).
If you lived in a flood prone area would you wait until the water started coming into your house before building flood defenses? ...that's basically what you're advocating here.
It was mentioned in another thread about this that May offered condolences first and Corbyn was merely responding. So before that gets brought up again here's what was actually said... May... &gt; ...I'm also sure that the whole house will join me in sending our thoughts to the police officer who was shot in Belfast over the weekend and to his friends and family. &gt; PSNI do a superb job keeping us safe and secure, and they have our fullest support. Helen Jones' response... &gt; May I join the Prime Minister in sending good wishes to the police officer who was shot in Belfast. Corbyn's response... &gt; Mr speaker, I join the Prime Minister... I join the Prime Minister in condolences to the f... in... in expressing condolences I'm sure of the whole house to the family of the police officer who lost his life over the weekend in Northern Ireland. --- For those not following the story, an Belfast officer was shot multiple times by a group claiming to be affiliated with the IRA, and is currently recovering in hospital. ...He wasn't however killed as Corbyn suggested. Maybe she just didn't clock it, but I'm glad May didn't beat him down over this though as it'd be a rather shabby thing to attempt to score political points over. ....No doubt Guido is writing a piece about it as we speak.
I dunno, Singapore has some 25% of its population living in poverty. London is already way ahead of them in that regard with 27%.
Did you at least get a courtesy car? For warranty work you should have demanded one before dropping yours off. If the issues weren't life threatening I'd have asked them to book in a slot for a few days/weeks time then drop the car off on the day you're booked in for (with them having a loaner ready for you).
I actually just typed it out directly from PMQs BBC stream as it was already open in another tab and I figured it'd be quicker.
&gt; Apparently, we the tenants didn't shovel once last winter out of interest, what do you mean by 'apparently', surely you'd know if you did or not? Have you re-read your lease? Does it actually say that you guys were responsible for shoveling? If it's stipulated as part of the lease then I'd pay your share the fine ($20) and call it a day. Be sure to ask for a copy of the fine though for your records (to make sure they're not trying to pull a fast one). If it's not stipulated in the lease then I'd tell the landlord that he should have mentioned in the lease that shoveling the sidewalk was the tenant's responsibility, but since you didn't know that you won't be paying the fine.
His support of the IRA *is* one of his pet issues.
You can also get points for this. ...presumably it's only likely if the copper is having an off day *and* you're behaving like a prick.
Hate shopping, live in a rural area, drive a thirsty car. Tend to shop at a big commercial cash &amp; carry once a month (either Makro or Hyperama, both require you own a business in order to be able to shop there), also get a supermarket delivery once a month (typically in between the cash &amp; carry visits). Spend between £50-100 on each depending on what's left over since the last trip. --- Probably spend a tenner or so a week at the local village shop &amp; butchers for fresher stuff, and when I think "Oh, if only I had X I'd have all the ingredients to make Y", etc. --- I'd say total spend is around £150 / month to feed two humans and two dogs.
I hope you're at least cashing their unemployment cheques.
Graveyards are good places to pick up free flowers.
Your comment misses the point though. You're not charging them rent to make money off them, you're charging them rent to teach them about being an adult and having responsibilities. If it makes you feel better put all the rent you take off them into a savings account for when they have kids / get married if you like. The point is to not allow them to get into the mindset of relying on handouts, as once ingrained it'll be very difficult for them to change.
They continually argue that immigration is good for the country, good for the economy, etc. If they actually believe that to be true then obviously they're going to want more of it, as not wanting more immigration will do relative harm to the economy. --- So yeah, that leaves two logical outcomes... they either actually want more immigration (as it's a good thing and why would you *not* want more of a good thing), or don't actually believe what they're saying and are just virtue signalling in order to feel morally superior. I'd say it's probably a mix of the two.
&gt; Terrorism is incredibly rare in the western world. ...and Trump's argument would presumably be that it's incredibly common in the Islamic world, and that he aims to keep that level of separation so that your statement remains true. Don't get me wrong, it's a truly bonkers policy of his, but it's what he campaigned on and what he promised he'd do if Americans voted him to power (along with that silly wall idea). They voted him in and he's now doing exactly what he said he would ....which if anything is quite a rare thing in a politician. ...still bonkers though.
[This guy (Russell Brand) too at Piccadilly Circus](http://nudecelebmen.com/http://nudecelebmen.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/brand-russell01-679x1024.jpg).
Wasn't the plot to Bill &amp; Ted's Excellent Adventure?
Wow, collision physics in iRacing are super jankey. The cars seemed to phase inside one another at times there.
Do Land Rover not carry them? In any case, can you not just cut out the affected area and splice in a new bit with a couple of appropriately sized joiners? That's probably what I'd do.
In my experience I find the opposite. For me, external IR illuminators have been the best way to *reduce* instances of spiders, insects, etc. crawling all over the camera (as you can then turn the camera's IR off).
Make a sandwich in the morning and take it with you? It'll also save you hundreds over the year.
The "North"/"South" in the North/South divide is a bit of a misnomer as the dividing line is generally accepted to bisect the country [pretty much diagonally.](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2007/10_04/england2410_468x816.jpg) Nottingham lies pretty much dead-on the line (the area it's in is also known as the 'midlands').
You mean you didn't ask to borrow one of their demo cars as a courtesy car while yours was being fixed? Beginner mistake.
Nah, he's clearly got his safety sandals on. He'll be fine.
If I ran the world all cars would be fitted with small transmitters so that nearby cars can all time the sync of their indicators and forward the sync signal to all other cars in the vicinity.
Personally I believe it's more likely to be a grand conspiracy orchestrated by bacofoil in order to fuel sales of their products to people like yourself.
Wasn't that the mid-80s? I remember looking into the maths a while ago and the real-term costs of owning a home are about the same now as they were then. Nowadays houses cost more in relation to income, but interest rates are low enough that the percentage of your salary going toward the mortgage is about the same as it was when rates were sky high. For most folks looking to buy their first home deposits are the sticking point now as they've not come down in line with interest rates (nor should they really be expected to). --- ...Those who got on the ladder in the early 2000s probably got the best of both worlds.
Should be easy enough. On Hikvision you just add the NAS drive as a HDD under the HDD management page. I'm sure this is similar for Dahua. My non-upgradable gray market Hik cameras need a dedicated NAS volume as they don't recognize quotas and expect to be able to save footage to the entire volume. Not sure if that applies to newer DVRs though as this issue may have been fixed in newer firmware editions. --- By the way, if you're doing it this way you don't really need an NVR at all, just tell the cameras themselves to record directly to the NAS (although unless the quota issue has been fixed you'll need a separate NAS volume for each camera). For live viewing and playing back recorded footage you can then use Hik's iVMS client on your desktop and/or tablet/phone. You can also change camera settings, etc via iVMS as well ([with pretty much the same options as via the web interface](http://i.imgur.com/zKxC2NB.jpg)). The only real downside of this method is that if you want to do any of the above via a web browser you have to log into each camera individually. ...this is the method I use on my site (9 cameras), as I already had a Synology NAS so don't see the point in an NVR as well, and I refuse to pay for Synology's surveillance centre camera licences.
&gt; there's unlikely to be a large enough forest nearby to provide for a large plant. So long as there's an Ikea nearby you'll have a near-continuous supply of broken &amp; poorly made furniture to burn. --- NB. A cousin of mine owns a fairly big biomass site. They rent part of the site to a company who have just finished installing a (small) 6.8MW biomass plant to incinerate the waste. According to the bloke who showed me round the site it'll be burning over 50,000 tons a year and providing power to 10,000 homes. ...most of the stuff they burn seems to be pallet-wood and Ikea furniture. They have a composting side for actual plant-waste, but that's pretty small in comparison.
I have a few acres of small workshops, industrial units &amp; rented storage sheds attached to my property. I have 9 POE IP cameras covering the place. I'm also thinking about getting a few more. --- Each camera has two digital I/O ports, and on a few cameras those are linked to beam-break sensors, magnetic door sensors, PIRs, etc.
You mean yours aren't rusted in place?
Note: The exit poll has just been revised giving the Tories 322 seats (which is 4 short of an overall majority, but still 61 more than Labour). Edit: Adjusted again to 318.
Knowing Corbyn he'll offer them the whole of Northern Ireland, and they'll take it.
It's probably a copy-pasta, doubt they wrote it.
Agree with the other guy.... If you've not done this before, go through an agency. At least for a year or two so you can see how they handle issues, disputes, compliance, etc. --- NB: I have a few residential lets, have been doing it for years and one of mine is still let through an agency. In some cases the 8-10% you pay is money well spent even if you *are* experienced.
Your argument falls flat when you realise that all of the accidents you mentioned happened *after* the road was made a 30 zone. It's been a 30 for well over 5 years so obviously none of those accidents you mentioned were solved by making the area a 30 (including the fatality). Maybe making it a 10 mph zone would magically fix things? ...or 5? ...2? --- In any case, the fatality was a drunk kid who thought he was invincible. Young kids aren't the most stable drivers at the best of time, let alone when they're pissed up. Also, less than half a mile away from that junction there has been another fatality in the last 5 years (drunk kid again), and that road is much narrower &amp; twistier yet is still a 60. Where is the call for that road to be made into a 30? ...no councillor lives on that road, is the answer.
Sounds great. Do you have a video of it in action? With regards to syncing your display with your neighbours, rather than use Wifi, could you instead just boost the FM signal so his system can receive it as well? Alternatively you could use something like an NRF24L01 on each Pi to transmit serial data from one to the other. They cost pennies. I've tested these up to a mile or so away (with line-of-sight &amp; open ground), and they work great for this sort of thing.
You can ping the AP itself (after configuring it with a static IP).
I think you missed the bit where OP has no garden.
I do both. My dog has a bed made up in the boot. He has a comfy dog mattress which lives there, one of those non-spill water bowls, plus an array of bones, his training dummies, etc. He's happy as larry in the back and he also knows he'll be in serious trouble if he jumps over the seats to the front (so I don't need a dog guard). If I'm driving my pickup, someone else's car, or am riding as a passenger in someone car, a taxi, etc. he sits in the passenger foot-well (never on the seat).
Try throwing some dirty clothes in his basket while you're out so he can still smell you around when you're not there. That's worked for me before for mild separation anxiety. --- It could be that every noise he hears he assumes it's you about to walk through the door and gets super excited if that's what you've unknowingly conditioned him to do. Making your arrival nothing special and nothing to get worked up about will often help. So as hard as it is, don't make a fuss of him straight away when you get back (no matter how happy he is to see you). Allow him to calm down first, to the point of literally ignoring him completely if you have to.
...and that's why they can get away with it.
...[except they *do* burn out](https://www.quora.com/Elon-Musk/What-is-it-like-to-work-with-Elon-Musk/answers/5559684?srid=n2Fg&amp;share=1).
...and they really had nothing to do with it being built either. Pushing the launch button is about as close as any of them came to helping design and/or build the thing.
What if dog owners acted like cat owners.... What if they let their pets run loose around the neighborhood, shit &amp; piss all over yours and everyone else's garden, attack &amp; bite/scratch your cats, dogs, kids when they're minding their own business *in your enclosed garden*, run around killing local wildlife, sit on *your* windowsill/porch howling all day/night, constantly fighting with other peoples loose dogs &amp; cats, tear up your flower beds, etc? This sort of stuff grinds you down and eventually people snap. Yeah, you personally might be cool with all this and might not want to kill it, but surely you can see how people get annoyed by folks who let their pets get up to this sort of thing but are given a free pass because "LOL, I'm lazy and that's just what cats do!".
Buy one of those cheap £10 kids paddling pools. If you'd prefer not to have a constantly wet dog on your hands get some concrete paving slabs and place them in the shady area so they stay cool and give the dog a nice cool place to lie. You can also wet the slabs so as the water evaporates it cools them down even further.
Marvelous, It's like a savoury 99.
Did the architect have a stroke as they were drawing out the roof and nobody realised?
...being cut in half
I still use Cat5e for POE camera wiring as I can't ever see a time when a single IP camera will need to push more than 1Gbps, I use Cat6 for Wifi and wired ethernet drops though, ...and will consider Cat6a for runs of 150ft+. For me that gets as future-proof as I need while keeping costs to a minimum.
I just replied similarly to the parent comment before I saw your reponse. IMO, if the runs are purely for POE cameras/VOIP phones (and that's all they'll ever be used for) then Cat5e will be perfectly fine. If for wired Ethernet, or even Wifi APs then at some point in the not-to-distant future 10 Gbps will become the standard, so if you actually want to be future proofing you should be using Cat6 (and Cat6a for runs over 150ft).
I think they mean wirelessly via something like Chromecast.
I can't remember the exact steps I took to fix it but I had several hours of head scratching trying to get my USG to become adopted. Good luck.
I had someone chastise me for leaving my dog in the car just the other day. Granted the UK has been in the throes of a mini-heatwave the last week or so but still..... I'd pulled into the car park of my local pub next to the beer garden. Opened the top half of the tailgate then went inside to get a drink. Less than a minute later while being served some woman tapped me on the shoulder and said "ahem! you've left your dog in your car and it's sweltering outside, did you know that's illegal!!?". I couldn't believe that I had to explain that... A) The car is parked in the shade B) The dog has a huge bowl of water right next to him C) The A/C has just been on and it's been less than a minute since I stopped the engine D) In another minute or so I'll be sat at the table outside not more than 10 feet from the car E) A friend of mine is already sat at that very table, if the dog was at all bothered she could let him out (car is unlocked) F) All the windows, sunroof, &amp; and boot are all wide open!!! G) And no, it's not automatically illegal to leave a dog in a car. No matter how much the crazies demand such a law. Some people seriously lack common sense.
Sure you can, but you'll have to pay for it out of your own pocket so you'll need to get a job and save for at least a few years first.
Is the device still within the warranty period? In either case, have you tried contacting Ubiquiti?
&gt; Do they cover items like this? I've no idea, but it can't hurt to try.
If it was the video would have been 30 mins long. Instead we just had to put up with THE GUY SHOUTING THROUGHOUT THE WHOLE VIDEO!!
I just have herbs and apples. ...too many apples in fact. I usually get 1/2 ton or so from four trees; only one of which are eaters (and that one never produces as much as the others). If anyone is near Notts and wants some, give me a shout around September/October time. --- In recent years I've taken to allowing them to all fall off and be eaten by rabbits. Once they're all gone I'll then shoot the rabbits for some nice organic apple reared rabbit. They taste wonderful.
Should have been a wheat field.
"Discipline" doesn't have to mean pain. I don't think your trainer understands this. While applying physical pain *can* work to condition a dog to do certain things, it has to be done correctly, and even when it is it can be deeply unhealthy for the relationship between you and the dog and can lead to a fear-based relationship rather than one of love and mutual respect. I'll readily admit that I use a small amount of discipline (as well as lots of fun and rewards) to train my dogs but only under extreme (life &amp; death) circumstances would I consider using physical pain to reinforce a point. For example, a gentle short-sharp tug on a long training lead doesn't cause any actual pain and is a valid way of correcting a dog which is having issues with recall (along with praise &amp; rewards when the dog does as its asked). Dragging the dog about by the lead/collar half-choking it however doesn't teach the dog anything and is just inflicting pain for the sake of it. --- As the dog's owner you don't need to constantly show physical "dominance", as that will eventually just cause the dog to fear &amp; resent you (or worse, it'll say "fuck you" and just do the opposite of anything you say). As the 'pack leader' you do want the dog to respect you though (and it needs you to show it respect in return). You earn that respect by fulfilling the dogs needs in terms of food, shelter, love, affection, fun, sufficient exercise, and where needed... discipline. The way I see it is if you fail to give enough of any one of those the dog will start to fail to see you as the leader and that's when you'll likely start to have behavioral problems.
Be pro-active in speaking to your neighbors. Explain that you've just got a new dog so there may be some period of separation anxiety noise to start with, but that you're aiming for them to get over it as soon as possible. Push home the point that you're aware of the noise your dog may be making and are actively working to correct it. Stuff that's worked for me with fixing separation anxiety (and things I've recommended to others and have heard positive results from).... * Put some of your dirty clothes in their cage/basket so they can smell you when you aren't around (don't use your best duds in case the dog chews them). * Leave a radio or TV on. Preferably with talking or some soothing music (not death metal). * Don't make a big deal about it when you leave, don't spend ages saying 'goodbye'. Quickly and quietly leave the house with the minimum of fuss and/or noise. * If using a cage put the dog in it a while before you leave so the dog isn't associating the cage with being left alone. * Don't give them any fuss when you return until they've calmed down. As hard as it is, ignore them completely if you have to. This pushes the idea that it's not them being hyper that has caused you to return and give them fuss, but them being calm. * If you leave the house and hear noise straight away, don't go back in to reassure them as you'll just be reinforcing that behavior. * To start with, only leave the dog alone straight after they've had a long walk &amp; off-lead run and have burned off a load of energy. Assuming they can hold it, preferably wear them out *then* feed them so they also have a full stomach along with being tired out.
You forgot 'pawn shops' or whatever we call them here (I don't even know), payday loans places, and flat-top pubs.
They all live out in the country nowadays. They still visit the quaint village shops on their sit up &amp; beg bicycles, before stopping off for tea &amp; cakes at the local cafe; They then zig-zagg between all the rural country pubs on their way home back to their little cottage on the hill. Cities on the other hand have all been taken over by lazy students, thieving chavs &amp; "dirty foreigners".
[www.**republic**......](https://www.republic.org.uk) Sounds totally impartial. Thanks for trying at least.
...sit in the front.
Maybe make the text inputs directly editable as well as having the incremental buttons.
&gt; The real issue is why people could not get out via the fire exits. By all accounts they could have done easily early on, but they'd been told not to and to remain in their flats in the event of a fire. By the time the folks on the upper floors realised the 'stay put' policy wasn't working and that they needed to GTFO it was sadly too late.
