Did you just respond to your own comment
yes
Are you a Vintage player in the DC Area? NoVA resident here. I'm retired (yeah, yeah) but keep a powered cube and may be down to sling some Vintage occaisionally.
Don't know Ryan Seeley. Moved here a year ago and as I said, I'm mostly retired (from magic, not employment). I actually work in Vienna so maybe that would work. I'd feel weird about inviting myself to someone's house though if I didn't know the guy.
the bribes the bribes the bribes the bribes
"After months of coordinating with my super PAC, I have decided I've raise enough money to declare my candidacy..."
u wot m8
Darude you say?
So, bloodmaw?
Pls no
Potm bottom pls
http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/fark/images/7/7c/Wharrgarbl.jpg
"I pass back priority."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHgEnN2PFzo
so say we all
this changes everything
What year is it???
dank
What kind of fire/water proof box do you use? I'm interested in protecting my collection as well.
It may be for now, at sub-70 levels. But trust me, it's not at level 70. Enjoy the game!
Dude looks like a lady
What even is this deck hahaha
-4/-4
Thanks obama
Hngggggg 50% furnace as a passive
Yeah but then you get to use another different weapon with another passive.
One of my mules is entirely dedicated to Furnaces. I have 19.
Any apologetic used to excuse the Civil War and the Confederate battle flag (state's rights, economic concerns, southern heritage) can be easily refuted. All you have to do is point out that all of these phrases are code for institutionalized racism. &gt; The Civil War was about state's rights. &gt; That's correct. The states were upset about losing the ability to brutally practice institutionalized racism.
Implying the green line is ever something other than miserable
Darmok and Jilad at Tenagra
he real mad
If that's enough to get him to be on the right side of history, I'm okay with that.
spaghetti spaghetti spaghetti
are we memeing? halflife 3/10 did i do it right?
T_T
Huge Nerf to CoE for Saders! They gave us a cold skill! Please don't do this Blizzard!
You only have to look at my post history to see that I'm quite excited about the patch.
I'm so confused right now.
Guys I just realized I forgot about Dre.
&gt; Balance &gt; "fair" ??????
Okay, so how about running a 1-time script after downtime to upgrade all gems to the highest level of each type, on all characters (separated by season/non-season/hardcore as usual). Additionally, 2 pieces of code: every time a gem is upgraded, search through all characters and upgrade every instance of the same gem; and gems drop at the current level. That should solve the same issue.
kormac? is that you?
[MRW WHEN NO PTR](http://www.avsforum.com/photopost/data/2328830/4/4f/4f361778_960px-Shut-Up-And-Take-My-Money-1024x1280.jpeg)
You killed my father. Prepare to die.
[Shame](http://shamenun.com/)
It's a reference to Its always Sunny. I also slightly misremembered the quote. It's "That doesn't sound right, but..."
When I served on a jury I brought my own copy of Principia to swear in on.
Asking for a friend?
“October: This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks. The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June, December, August and February.” -Mark Twain
&gt; Nick Bolas Not sure if autocorrect or intentional, but that's what I'm calling him from now on
Dark side lives matter
I was hoping to shake it off
Dude what
Cowabunga!
With a nice Chianti
So that episode of Black Mirror?
Good show.
Nope I no longer want to be an astronaut
Fuck you, you'll do what I tell you Fuck you, you'll do what I tell you Etc
Okay I just discovered something both amazing and awful
At least they had venge
Oh no, only $800 million dollars, how will I survive?
wow
Because fuck you, that's why. AIs will backstab you if they feel they have a tactical advantage, especially if your army is all across the map so your home territory is open.
Curing cancer as a whole won't happen, but we can certainly improve results a whole heck of a lot. There are many cancers now where a patient with a diagnosed stage 3 tumor dies of something else first, which is as good a result as anything I can think of.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyV_UG60dD4
If I had a nickel for every pixel in that gif, I'd have a nickel.
And Synderen?
I immediately regret my decision
Why
Which deck? Why not all of them? I've been a Vintage player for about 12 years, so I've had plenty of time to foil out everything.
One of the bumpers in Neil's radio show Star Talk claimed Mike Brown as the confessor to that crime.
Really I want to know what astrologers think about this.
Generation #Hashtag, you doofus
You can't run from heaven
Best to be lucky and good though
I'm not even supposed to be here today!
I am not in finance, but iirc institutional investors control about as much stock as mom and pop. Though institutions can make coordinated big moves all at once, which may be what you're saying.
An early front runner for worst of the subreddit 2016!
Now that's a name I've not heard in a long time
GREAT TASTE
LESS FILLING
Agreed, as a 6 year Boston resident, I am amused when DC people complain about a 10 minute wait for a train.
Febtober
If Tom Hanks was marching in the military he'd be Tom Ranks.
u wot m8
I don't know how to make benches, I only work on decks
What's the exchange rate between good-boy-points and Stanley Nickels?
The bot is a spy!
boooo
"If a service is free to use, you're not a customer, you're the product."
My ideal manager is Michael Scott from The Office.
Genuine question: didn't Ford pardon Nixon without an admission of guilt?
Did you die from rabies though
I run all the swords in my cube, but they're all errated to not give protection. They're all still very good in a powered cube.
As a vintage shops player, I miss unrestricted chalice.... :'(
Damnit I never even got the chance to churn these cards, they're going to be gone by the time I can reapply for them. Sad.
You tried.
Did you work for Robert Baratheon, King of the Andals and Protector of the Realm?
Bigguth dickuth
Sorry to hear that. I was in that boat not quite a year ago and it sucked. Until I got a new job, which made everything much, much better. So life will probably greatly improve on the other side, head up!
I'm pretty sure that everyone who goes to LGS regularly and considers the business model knows that MTG and sometimes Yugioh/Pokemon drive all of the profit.
U wot mVIII
If I were dictator, frankly yes. 7.3b is plenty of us.
I am not an ethicist and admit I am not prepared to answer that. But we have too many people.
Y'all need jesus
Ah yes, the Airbud rule.
&gt; socialist Want to try that one again?
I honestly can't tell you since it's been a while, but I do distinctly recall trying to take the mahamoti djinns out of the post-laundry machine brick of sadness. This was back in unlimited. Yes it included many duals. No they weren't as cool as the mahamotis. Yes we played unsleeved on concrete.
But why male models?
It's one of the newest comics.
How to multiply by 700?????????? Pls to halp!!!!!
Post now! Post now! Post for ruin, and for the world's ending! GOOOOOLD! GOOOOOLLLLDDD! GOOOOOOOOOOOOLD!
&gt; Cats can't use personal computers [citation needed]
Public and for the foreseeable future, the last promo stood for about a year.
Could you make 2 of them green though?
/r/comeonandslam
Please guac
I have no strong feelings one way or the other.
Byun Ggggg h hy buggy your hhbhubuubhyyu b
Then when you finish it watch it again. You'll notice more subtle jokes every time you rewatch.
What.
They use assumptions based on density of standing room only crowds and how much area is filled with people
Yes. Usually there will be one on each side, and only rarely will they be the same person.
As a vintage player, what is turn 4?
&gt; harbour U wot m8
Flipping weiners flopping weiners flopping weiners flopping weiners
Dota 2 episode 2
Everybody likes their representative but hates congress. What's wrong with that?
&gt; boring white guy Please clap
Daaaaaddd!
&gt; flampling Tromple?
Which is itself a tedious euphemism for being kicked the fuck out
"They're going to have to glue you back together, IN HELL"
Maybe he should pay attention when they brief him every morning then?
Darude - Sandstorm
Caltech considers MIT their rival. Whether MIT reciprocates is anyone's guess. They did steal caltech's cannon once, though.
Faceful void
That's a paddlin
At least you can't put combat damage on the stack anymore. That would be gross.
Ms. Nesbitt has learned the first lesson of how not to be seen: not to stand up. However, she has chosen a rather obvious piece of cover. *Kaboom*
Well now i have a new band to explore. Thanks.
&gt; Space created!
Nope. Nope nope nope.
You literally linked the same video that they are.
Enough for do my power
&gt; butthole sauce Gag
Do you want riots? This is how you get riots.
I am sure you have already figured it out haha
I am looking for esoteric porn, anyone have any client computers I can use?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=RZ4mT-Rzmvg Bill burr has a bit about getting a pit bull.
Pretty sure helicopters helicopt.
I have a lovely pitbull so I'm quite aware :)
[citation needed]
Too real, too real. Noooooo now I'm upset.
www.tedcruzforhumanpresident.com
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
I wonder if they play concerts.
How does the topsoil become 17% arsenic? Jesus that's uninhabitable for the foreseeable future.
Let the poor man retire in peace, he's done enough.
Delaware is not New England. - former Boston resident now living in DC
Why do you keep touching me?
Collaborate and listen.
A soda lake is one that is high in carbonates, essentially dissolved limestone. Carbonate is the conjugate base to carbonic acid, the fizzy part of soda drinks.
ghetto looking? It's one of the most expensive man-made objects ever, and you think it looks ghetto?
If they only did 90% of the time, things would be much better. It's more like 99% of the time.
Fuck this tree in particular
All men matter?
Day9 is that you?
Sad!
Bigly confirmed
You can get poo from fud!
The Saturn V was overengineered because von Braun intended it to eventually go to Mars.
Yeah nobody has the betting control that savior did. Except maybe Life.
U wot m8
No puppet, no puppet, you're the puppet
This makes me sad.
Hi, my name is Auriok salvagers.
Like when they blame Obama for playing golf instead of being at the White House and not doing enough when 9/11 happened
I'm...[actually not...](http://crooksandliars.com/2016/09/wow-mind-blown-daily-shows-jordan-klepper)
Cool story bro
Space race can cause your opponent to headline first.
I thought he vanished in a puff of logic
The former British colonies are the only countries to drive on the left. America drives on the right because we sided with France against the crown.
Cool story bro
We have the best train wrecks, don't we folks? Just tremendous.
You can't play that spell Moxes cost 2 mana now Strip mine your island
&gt; small things are big Like his hands? My favorite chant from yesterday is "can't build a wall, hands too small" Also, potentially his bigly things are small, like his ethics violations and conflicts of interests
Eric Cartman?
Eye don't see it that way
Don't feed the trolls.
DC. Marched right by the WH.
I recommend Gene Kranz's book "Failure is not an Option." There were so many failures and near-disasters that it's actually amazing we only had 3 catastrophic failures resulting in loss of human life so far in the US space program. The moon missions may have all appeared to be nearly flawless, but almost all of them were balanced on a knife edge to losing the whole mission.
/r/thomasthedankengine
&gt; fuck them amiright. &gt; are you able to disagree ... without being hostle? &gt; Lose the attitude. ?
There are 3 SCOTUS rulings that should only be never, ever be cited as precedent. Dred Scott, Plessy, and Korematsu. Any lawyer who tries to do so will be laughed out of court and potentially have their bar revoked for incompetence. [http://digitalcommons.law.yale.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=4706context=fss_papers](Relevant legal opinion here.)
Yer a crusader, Harry
While that is true, the legal minds behind the lawsuit are no dummies. They are ethics chiefs who served presidents Bush and Obama, respectively. The bipartisan nature of the suit should also give you some indication of the severity of the claims. This is no frivolous lawsuit and has some teeth.
/r/personalfinance
Yes it was tiny but how was the attendance?
Rancid penis
But but emails?????
If anything, Barry lets Michelle go first.
Have you played Civ: Beyond Earth? It begins with the various nations of the Earth leaving because of the unexplained "Big Mistake."
This is genuinely upsetting.
There's a reason we give Nobel Prizes. Einstein didn't even get his Nobel for relativity! Lorentz, the lesser known co-discoverer of relativity, is largely forgotten outside of science/math.
I always call lobsters and crabs bugs, don't you?
If you can really call a 1-party authoritarian government "democratic" then yes.
Ah, the rare accidental meme
It's the prostate.
He's committed political suicide several dozen times so far. Scientists baffled as to how he's president.
Spider managed to tweet his password. Twice.
Seems like a mid-late game monster.
/r/dolantrump
Shhhh, don't feed the trolls
I am reading Gene Kranz's book "Failure is not an Option" and read this chapter last night. Eerie. Also, Chaffee's name is misspelled. Godspeed, Apollo.
Is there another kind of Burger King?
I started reading this and then skipped to the end to check for Loch Ness Monsta.
Sort by controversial if you want to increase your blood pressure.
Not being edgy, just pointing out something that surprisingly few Americans are aware of. It also bears remembering in light of some recent events.
Where are you from? Where I'm from there's entire zip codes where nobody has heard of Japanese internment.
Lobbying will literally never be banned. What trump did do is sign an executive order banning people from lobbying the federal departments they worked at for 5 years after they quit working there.
2 snek: electric boogaloo
www.Areyousorryyet.com
- All Pick renamed to Most Pick - Random Draft renamed to Some Pick
Mark Zuckerberg's Civilization
There are 4 lights!
Farmville
Do not feed the trolls
*bushes hiding intensifies*
We have always been at war with Oceania.
She's the former attorney general of California. I'd think she knows a thing or two about investigations.
His name is Rosenstein.
She's also a Senator on the Judiciary committee, I think she might be privy to some information that you're not privileged to see.
Radical moose lambs.
Senator do you suck dicks? Are you a Peter puffer?
Slight concern: it's a tautology that subduction zones are geologically active. The last thing you want is for your nuclear waste stored at the bottom of the ocean to breach containment due to an earthquake you know is going to happen.
Major Major Major Major agrees
Not yet.
That is not how deepthroating works!
My office has been clustered around the tv in the galley all day, and no work has been getting done.
Cool story bro, prove it.
So how about a mental competency test then?
Interestingly, she also speaks fluent Russian. As Putin does not speak English well, that makes negotiations with Russia much easier.
Like half of them are military with many combat missions. Nerds, yeah, but also badasses.
Magnus probably trains regularly against a computer if not every single day. The best chess softwares play at 3800ish ELO, which means Magnus can expect to draw some 6-10% of the time and win 1-2% of the time.
Have you heard the story of Darth Bannon the Jaundiced?
It seems I misremembered and quoted 3800 when the true rating is closer to 3400. Literally Google "Komodo Elo" and you'll find dozens of articles. Many of the best engines have been against each other for hundreds or thousands of games.
I was on a team that had to do clean up/damage control after a competitor FUBAR'd the shit out of the client's FP&amp;A department. That suuuuucked. 1 effort point to the redditor who guesses the competitor.
Puerto Rico regularly has this vote, with varying degrees of support. It's the perpetual not-quite-almost-a-state.
President Snowflake wants a bigly crowd to cheer him.
D.C. has one-party consent so it would be legal for Comey to record their conversations and release them, provided there is no classified information discussed.
Several of the conversations were on the phone, and the "hope you can drop" conversation happened over dinner in the WH. Not sure if the dining room is a SCIF. Also, I'm pretty sure that cell phones are allowed in the Oval Office, since there's plenty of pictures of people using them there.
Yahtzee
The Virginia side of D.C. was given back to Virginia and is now called Arlington and Alexandria. Source: live in Arlington.
bawnjourno!
TFW CM has less int than Treant. Literally dumber than a tree
I would like to know more.
You mean the one that's not in the Middle East?
Cha chee Cha chee Cha chee
Ivanka, her reputation destroyed
A 20 foot wingspan with the mass of an adult human, what! Holy moly that's a huge bird.
&gt; bear your spawn I just threw up in my mouth a little
Don't let your dreams be dreams
That only raises more questions!
For the love of god and all that is holy pls no
Attorney general Foghorn Leghorn
Artifacts often also have inherently dangerous effects, such as fast mana (Tolarian Academy, Lotus Petal, Mox Diamond, Lion's Eye Diamond), repeatability (Krark-Clan Ironworks, Voltaic Key), and cheating on mana (Affinity, Marvel, Tinker).
Richard Dawkins (yes, that Richard Dawkins) coined the word. Originally he used it to describe a small piece of information, in a genetic sense, but it has quickly grown to mean other things.
Look at me, I'm the crab now.
Clever girl
It depends on the format. I'm a Vintage player, and we have a joke in the community: the early game is the coin flip, the mid game is mulligans, and late game is turn 1. It's a bit of an exaggeration but there is some truth behind the joke.
He is literally Attorney General Foghorn Leghorn
He made c-span great again
Damn man, that's fucked up. Maybe he needs some hypnosis? Too obscure?
It is possible to learn this power?
Maro is the doctor confirmed
You went full Monti. Never go full Monti.
Needs a humiliation tag
If liberals are so fucking smart why do they lose so goddamn always? Too obscure?
Boo
Bamboozled again!
Proceed, governor.
Nyx nyx nyx nyx
That epic pun in the title tho.
Directions unclear, made world peace
Burn the witch!
Feature, not a bug.
I am the ~~Senate~~ House.
What
It's over, /u/Crash_Coredump has the high ground!
Now *this* is shitposting!
That one came directly from POTUS and SecState, both of whom were trustworthy sources as the time. That one's not on the media.
Yes but can either launch a 90kg projectile over 300 meters?
Looks like meat's back on the menu!
It's almost like he's an informed investor who knows things!
This shit is rare. So I can't wait to get hour'd followed by untap-glorybringer.
(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
You'll get some AMN packs to go with your HOU cards.
She had a boyfriend who looked like a girlfriend
It also combos with Black Lotus! :D
Jerry jerry jerry jerry
&gt; art &gt; airtime
Madness? This is AMONKHET
I put on my robe and wizard hat.
Seems like you’d have to slot it in as a Dread Return target, but why would you do that when you could get a Flame-Kin or Elesh Norn?
Did you just assume my species?
If you have wheels, I play at Victory Comics in Falls Church. Great atmosphere, awesome people, fun shop. Worth the trip just to look through their comics selection.
Cryptos literally build in an expectation that a certain % of wallets will be stolen, lost, or hacked.
Truth of the matter for Bitcoin at least is that policies are decided by 50%+1 of all miners, but China controls 55-65% on any given day.
I just found out that the actor for Tom Zarek died last year, I don’t know where I’ve been but I’m pretty upset about this. RIP Richard Hatch.
In Legacy you can’t even get Bazaars back. What do you get, Cephalid Coliseum? Seems janky.
No, it’s far worse. The mining conglomerates vote. 3 of the top 4 are Chinese, totaling 55-65% of the total on any given day.
A fundamental force Or A chicken boye
Well that’s upsetting and also I have an unacceptable boner. Pls send help
Currently the seat is vacant, so swearing her in will reduce the 51-47 edge to 51-49.
“Now see here, fuckface. Look at this shit I have to do for you. Some people, gosh. Do I have to do everything around here?”
Most white cats that also have blue eyes are deaf. Most that don’t have blue eyes are fine..
More like Valve’s spaghetti code
So that’s what we’re going to do? Die?
If the average score is failing, the professor was trying to find their next graduate student. I took an o-chem class like this from a Nobel Prize winner. Top 2 scorers got offers to join the lab.
Well for a particular exam, 19/200 was a B, and 22/200 was an A. Someone scored a 62.
Well that’s certainly an upsetting mental image.
BRANG
Needs more covfefe
Was it Seth Rich? /s obviously
Al had this thing, I think he called it a Heimer? Anyone seen Al's Heimer?
So brave
Shit that’s some hot legal fire
I hear that he might be getting recognized more and more
Mario Kart 64 or riot
Bigly health
From my point of view it is the trainers who are evil!
An ounce of pot is a lot. That’s a mandatory “intent to distribute” charge in a lot of places.
The thing about recording conversations is they can become discoverable in court cases. To paraphrase The Wire: "Are you taking notes on a criminal conspiracy?"
And the way-too-long red power tie
The one with the little wooden men on sticks that you spin
Gifts ungiven was good enough to be restricted at one point.
Don’t let your dreams be dreams Donnie.
&gt; 3 drop &gt; Karn Liberated I see what you did there
And will likely always be, that card is truly bonkers.
Yeah they fixed it by doubling the casting cost, but they made it instant speed so now you draw immediately instead of having to go to end step. And what do you know, it’s still broken in half. Edit: and so, having learned their lesson, they fixed it again by increasing the cost to BBBB4. This time, they reasoned that putting it on a creature would make it much more vulnerable and not at all easier to cheat into play. And that solution fixed everything and the card was not a problem in any format ever again.
The Ron Swanson rule: “everything I do is presidential because I am the president.”
They ran out of money so they had to do an episode without building any new sets or going anywhere.-
Are we the baddies?
Strategic incompetence.
Try cooking, that’s a good trick!
I’m Eric!
Look a little closer at the logo.
Friend of the pod
Somebody toucha my spaghet
That’s because he has the best words, didn’t you know?
Nope. They really were planned to last 90 days. They gave the next mission a transponder on the same frequency as Spirit, launched 2 years after. It was an actual nightmare because NASA couldn’t talk to both at the same time.
It was his family farm, his father was buried on the property. It broke his heart to put it in a blind trust, and the trustees returned it in near financial ruin.
“Did we get him?”
Visa? None needed to cross the Canadian-US border
We repaid them by expelling the Germans. The Dutch have always been great friends to America.
And if he were the GOP candidate and eventual president, I’d be okay with it. He has my respect, regardless of his personal or political positions.
Try bootstrapping, that’s a good trick!
We should have clapped. :(
This is hardly the place for a religious debate, but I’d love to hear why you’re okay with the ever-shrinking God that gets a little less amazing every year as science advances? Surely God asymptotically approaches 0 under this worldview? I’ll take your answer by PM if you’re up for a discussion.
People don’t really get more conservative as they age, we mostly cement our views by our mid 30s and stop evolving, while society becomes more liberal. The best antidote to this is continued education through adulthood.
Marion Barry, the crack smoking mayor of DC.
Well, their investors lost $45B.
Dude I was going to get lunch but lost my appetite.
Their investors lost $45B in paper value that they had yesterday. It doesn’t matter what the cost basis of your shares were, you still lost value. Yes, apple has been one of the best performing large caps in the last X years, but that doesn’t mean they didn’t have a bad day. Congratulations on having the foresight to hold Apple through thick and thin.
&gt; Sex appeal (directly correlated with weight) 🤔
Found Bear Grylls
He’s had plenty of time to respond, and yeah, no response.
*oniom
“Mischief managed.”
Hey if Alabama can do it, maybe Wisconsin can?
McCarthy ran an actual kangaroo court in the House for a long time. We had lawless moments before.
1) Stand up 2) Sprint Planning 3) "That's out of scope" Rinse, repeat
“To our girlfriends and our wives, may they never meet” - wedding toast
Arcades sabboth is coming in a few weeks. That one is going to be through the roof.
Not sarcasm. I anticipate it will go for more than ravager.
Ravager is obviously more playable, but I’m betting on the nostalgia of owning An Elder Dragon. Wouldn’t be surprised if it went for less than ravager though.
“I’m so alone pls love me”
You betray the law!!!
This is my life
Normal and expected, and have already been included in the projections. D’s usually get a bump in the late voting in CA.
LA is 300miles from Silicon Valley. That’s like saying “There’s a lot of banks in New York, so why isn’t DC a center of finance too?”
Fans of magic history will name “humpus wumpus.” https://www.wizards.com/sideboard/article.asp?x=sb20010215a
This is getting out of control. Now there are 2 of them!
Miller is Wormtongue, not Gollum.
Peter Parker Bruce Banner
Not in Clank In Space! Either
So say we all
The best thing from beyond earth
1) don’t be black 2) don’t not be white
More people are white than black.
I hate this fucking doctor
&gt; Grim. &gt; Grima Wormtongue.
Yeah also her knees are too pointy right?
This is a frequently played win combination in vintage along with voltaic key. There’s a reason Vault is restricted.
That would be Rosewater. He “fixed” Transmute Artifact, much like Grim Monolith (Basalt Monolith), Time Spiral (Timetwister), Windfall and Memory Jar (Wheel of Fortune), Yawgmoth’s Bargain (Necropotence). He’s very good at fixing cards.
Are you a wizard
No Mister Bond, I expect you to die!
So cut her the hell down.
There’s no way he would have ever sold it, it’s his family’s ancestral home. His father is buried on the property.
He has a Western education, I suspect his English is better than the President’s.
They speak English in what?
The President speaks something that can only generously be described as "somewhat English-like."
What?
You are a small child. Go out and explore the world while collecting wild animals.
Strength is carrying 800 pounds of tomatoes. Agility is juggling 12 tomatoes. Constitution is eating a rotten tomato.
Moms spaghetti
The World Series is named that because the first one was sponsored by a newspaper named "The World."
Some of them. All of them?
Y’all need some more Yoga Fire.
One 1 has won the Super Bowl. Are you even trying, rest of the world?
Only 1 planet has won Miss Universe. Are you even trying, rest of the universe?
Dat ass
Turns out you’re exactly right, high bid was $30.
Has anyone actually identified a single crisis actor? One person who was paid to act sad? Name one. Until one is found, I am going to treat these accusations as if they were accusing them of being leprechauns.
I’m partial to putting up a gaudy gold Trump Hotel sign.
Go back to bed America, here’s American Gladiator.
Let me face the peril!
You must construct additional pylons.
Would you say that it’s auckward?
For someone who missed about a decade of lore, what is the significance of Elspeth’s cape?
I would take the constant accusations of crisis actors more seriously if there were even a single case of actual, confirmed, crisis acting. I don’t think that’s an actual thing, so I am going to just keep mentally substituting “crisis actor”for “leprechaun.”
Thanks for the explanation! Poor Ajani, tragic hero.
Friend of the pod
As a child I thought it was pronounced Nah-Goo-Yen. That didn’t work when I met a Vietnamese person.
Jewaited.
I have “The tool of business” on my business cards
Look at this guy and his totally existent girlfriend
How do I delete your post
Now there are 4 of them!
www.google.com
u wot m8
What did I just watch
Cows, usually.
I am the Machine! - Bert Kreisher
[[visible confusion]]
He goes by Mike but that's his middle name. His legal name is Patrick.
Leucistic is when the animal is less pigmented all over their body. This is a chimera peacock where half the body is albino and half is normal. Alternatively, it could be piebald.
Please proceed, Governor.
Please proceed, Governor.
Absolute unit.
Pretty sure unrestricted Flash with Gemstone Caverns, 4 mystical tutors, 8 pacts is absurd.
It wins on the first upkeep on the draw and in main phase on the play, how can you race?
That might be. No way to tell without actually running it. If I were participating in this event this is what I’d bring.
Amazing. Every word of that sentence was wrong.
Those that died,
Every number and capitalization of Buffalos has a valid parsing, which is the whole point of the exercise.
Bulldogs bulldogs bulldogs fight fight fight.
What if I name a specific buffalo “Buffalo?”
No, that would be naming an antelope “Buffalo.” I’m not a monster.
“Better to be thought an idiot than open one’s mouth and remove all doubt.”
Pretty sure Hawaii is the bluest
This kind of sloppy semantics is how we get “It’s only a theory.”
Title level: 9999
General colludi!
Now is this pod racing?
Out of my swamp, get. -green monster character
H is the 8th letter of the alphabet. 88 stands for Heil you know who.
If you put money into bitcoin, you are not investing, you are speculating.
If you think that owning a bitcoin and owning the equivalent in shares in Intel are equivalent except in risk/volatility, I have a bridge to sell you.
Does the phrase “inherent value” mean anything to you?
For the people reading this thread, you can see the twisted psychology of a crypto cultist on display here. Bitcoin is a tech startup? 😂🤷‍♂️🤦‍♂️ Ok so let me get this straight. You’re buying completely unaccountable “shares” in a company that produces no actual useful widgets. This network is known to be a haven for money laundering, terrorism, funding for rogue states, pump and dump schemes, and drug trafficking. The market cap of this network is $150 Billion, or $300 Billion, depending on what day of the week it is. Your shares give you no voting power to change how the network is being used. Does this seem right to you?
Ah yes, argument by dictionary definition. Truly, you have a dizzying intellect.
Waaaaaaa
Duu eeet naooooo
Far and away the best part of Beyond Earth
More of that strange oil...it’s probably nothing.
Are you sure he didn’t commit suicide by 2 gunshots to the back of the head though?
You misremember, the scream wasn’t what did him. That speech was on the day he placed a distant 3rd in the Iowa caucasus. He was expected to win handily and instead lost badly.
What lesson exactly was Putin supposed to learn? That he could do whatever he wanted, and literally nothing would happen to him? No sanctions, no freezing of assets, no embargoes on oil, nothing. Well why wouldn’t he do it again?
They aren’t flared but usually they also have a string or wire (often connected to a controller) that stays outside so you can recover it. Don’t know if you like blue comedy, but Jim Jeffries has a great, famous bit about putting an egg vibrator in his ass.
You really think someone would do that? Go on the internet and tell lies?
Stop. I can only get so erect.
I eat because I’m sad, I’m sad because I’m fat
Perfect malicious compliance.
Honestly that was hilarious.
Bond inversions are not a case of predicting 18 of the last 2 recessions. They happen rarely and have a perfect record so far in prediction.
Not my fault. Someone put a wall in my way.
If you ever take a diving course, you’ll learn how to equalize your ears.
I see you are a seasoned player of knifey cary.
It’s treason then
Dodd-Frank, among other regs, says yes.
Ajit Pai delenda est
Roll tide
Y’all motherfuckers need Jesus.
Me_irl
While the Rohirrim relieving the Siege of Gondor is more epic, something about Gandalf leading the Éorlingas against Saruman’s Uruk Hai at Helm’s Deep makes me cry every time.
While you were busy fighting Thanos, I was studying the blade.
If you take advanced courses in Evolutionary Biology, you’ll find that a lot of research focuses on the war of the sexes. Why is the Y chromosome so small? Because it won the genetic war. Males make far less DNA than females because the Y won.
Oui oui, hng hng hng
Has it really been only a week? Feels like a century.
Boil em mash em stick em in a stew
Ever drink Bailey’s from a shoe?
No chill
Y’all got any more of that white women?
/r/cursedimages
Hello there!
Reserved for child molesters and people who talk at the theater?
He was boyhood friends with Sater? Holy shit.
