every famous pro is in China right now for MarsTV Dota League. wonder if A is there too , I need some BullDong Stream
*Silver Edge FYP
can you explain where I can download it on that page? Seems like im blind , I dont see any download button or smth
I've installed all the updates and Upgrades , running a windows 7 Version with SP1 ! But it seems like I still didn't get an upgrade possibility on my desktop pc meanwhile on my laptop there is already one! What am I doing wrong ?
How Can I download this : KB3035583 manually ? It seems like on the page from microsoft there isnt a download button or am I just blind ? https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/3035583/de ?
Same here :( and you cant download it manually I think
is this Shia LaBoef?
Id swap my desohands everytime with the golden SF arms
wow thanks , Ill remember that for the 1 game in 2000 where I EVENTUALLY could need this
Maybe this could be relevant too : http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/167u40/colorblind_friendly_minimap/
is it really that in english or are u trolling ?
Tinker
Why is the Tinker immortal not fixed yet ? -.-
agreed! I mean there is a reason for Valve to implement the "Official Data" thing on your profile! and no it isn't meant for trolling people , its because of People like Envy who uses another random anime character at every tournament ( idolising anime characters and switching from month month , I kind a feel sad about that )
its kind a different if you get full of makeup by makeup artists on ESL One Frankfurt or if you are supposed to play a tournament! when casting he HAS to kind a look "okay -&gt;good" when playing he has to feel good
omg yes please
I find that hard to believe ! its a confirmed leak of memory maybe you are just used to superbad lag ? :D
yes as u/a_hundred_boners said its a confirmed memory leak and I REALLY wanna use both immortals :(
Fear is incredible bro! he hasnt got a REALLY signature hero thats not because he isnt especially good with one , thats only because he is SO super solid with every hero he gets drafted to
I dont get these people! they have serious issues! How do you think RTZ got noticed and now is like one of THE best carrys/mid in the world?? I tell you what , he didnt become that by trolling random heroes in inhouses. He did it by giving his VERY BEST every single time and now he is one of the most respected players out there! ( and yes he started in NA inhouses) I myself am a 6.2 k player and im trying my hardest to get in the FPL , do you think I would even CONSIDER trolling when playing with the likes of Bulldog/fuckingmad/dendi/s4 and so on??? I think there is a reason why the NA FPL and NEL are completely SHIT compared to the EU! Im not saying we on EU are mistakeless but in inhouses everyone gives his best. Don't get me wrong , everyone should take care of themselves and decide what they wanna do but when you go out of your "zone" and changes the game of another player who is giving his best , you deserve nothing but get kicked out of the league. No , I am no PJSalt right now ! It's just sad that you can play with the likes of Fear and rtz and decide to troll instead of giving your best when you are complete garbage tier compared to them. I hope NONE of these people ever make it into pro-scene and im pretty sure they ever wont with an attitude like that
you are absolutely right! thanks mate , always giving my best
I would love to bring EXACTLY this thread up , 1 week after TI when the meta is completely dragged out and there is ONE amazing strat! would be fun to see if opinions have changed or stood the same. Personally for me its so-so. there are way too many bristle / wisp / undying / qop / gyro / pl picks, we basically see all of them in every game either picked or banned.
source 2 and Immortals 3 ! Lol , did you really think we would stop ? you must be new here
how do they matchup so often that he can get fed every game ? wtf
thanks for the fast help !
Can we have his Dotabuff??
Free trip to Feeladelphia
so source 2 can fix it ?
No Kappa no party
what does TIL exactly stand for ? I always think of like "achievement of the day" or smth
I dont know how this game works but im on lvl 1200 and everything dies before I really click anything :D
oh damn , hoped you would say watching replays together / or as 5
I tell you who wins that , the best earth spirit without ANY doubt. For me it would take very long to get back at 6k with my heropool Storm,Tinker,SF,Wr,TA! I think with these heroes its kind of easy to get like 5,5 but higher not that easy because good ppl try to counter you. But if you are a good es on offlane. you will be owning every single game
If we get a little more discout than the standard 25% im absolutely buying this :)
a little offtopic , but how is your twitch so dark ? looks fantastic
Kreygasm! best thing happened to me today
he will be the Goku of the Dota2 world , so basically dendi!
Anyone played the masterplan so far? is it worth 15€ ?
there are 2 heroes who are super good against him BS and nyx! nevertheless a more general way of beating him up is Blademail! (for example clockwerk )
I just opened a thead myself! i am MASSIVELY disappointed, fucking wooooooooooorst E3 of all time! absolutely nothing
I'd say 90% of early access are wasted! there game like prison architect and project zomboid or how minecraft was! which can and will work , but so many devs are just abusing this , throwing out a half finished game , only to get paid DLCs and so on... sad to see that steam/Valve allows that
Yes we all know! We hope for a quick fix :(
Didn't they even say that project NX will be talked about on next E3? So im pretty sure that they will do exactly that ( dropping it like a hot potato)
arcana detected
is it possible for me to take my dota2 from //C and just put it on //E or smth ? my SSD is full :D
How can this be upvoted that much?? So many misconceptions in 2 - 3 sentences
Same for me man! I though on the WiiU we had the Possibilites of a REAL and GOOD Pokemon Open world thingy in 3d graphics and shit:( SO disappointed
Why is that ? I actually liked that:(
I really dislike the change! I always want to keep my steam profile hidden cause im scared of any scammers and so on. hope it's just a bug
anyone knows whats in that patch ?
any analaysis on that?
Need infos on that one! gogo analyze it someone *cheers*
where? how ?
no we aren't neighbours , like 300km between us!" but we never had any issues in HearthStone or Dota2 :/ only in SpeedRunners we keep DCing
oh wow , thanks a lot! I didnt knew that
so basically we HAVE to download it right? :O
most of them sound german! are they immensely good at making film music or do the others just suck ?
I dont understand the question! who doesnt want to play a 64 alike mario ? its one of the best games ever
Brothers - A tale of two sons! but be ready for a free trip to Feeladelphia
Can I still preorder them here somewhere?? my girl is a HUGE fan of yoshi and Id love to give it to her as a present!
im living in Germany,Europe! any info about us?
I love your casting Cap , but the hero isn't called Andy-Mage nor is he called annie-mage! hope you can fix that until TI :D
I have always wished for MORE hp! around 35-40
Thats what we all hoped but no... I dont get it , there are billion spells, spells stolen , spells reflected now even by lotus orb but 5 different auras = visual clutter ! I dont understand it
+1 for Visibility! I always loved that game
&gt; Fixed various bugs with non-QWERTY keyboard layouts It still doesnt work for me properly! Im using QWERTZ , and when I press"^" the console is opened up AND can be closed! but my Console is bind to F3 ! "^" is purchase QuickBuy for me .
It still starts 32bit version while having 64Bit win7
I dont care where my console is, I just want ^ to be free for Purchase Quickbuy , Ive been using that since forever
Who votes TONY ? COME ON BOYS
can you elaborate what do you mean with DX11? where should I add it ? ( nooby here )
so I have to rename the Dota2.exe or what ? ( sorry for dumb questions :( )
also "^" is still autobind to Console , EVENTHO I have my console on F3! This means I cant bind anything to "^" and thats where my Quickbuy is normally! QWERTZ keyboard
why is it faster than normal games?? tring to build a smurf right now
For how long do you play DotA/Dota2 now?
how to activate that ?
OH MY ! THE FUN BEGINS
guys I think im using my own config and I want to know WHY I cant change settings IN Dota which will then be saved in my config file? not only in Reborn also in Dota2 source 1! for example I have to click EVERYTIME when starting Dota2 on "Teleport Requires Stop" , any help ? suggestion?
I thought it was just me! Like we are all 4 at 100% health and ONE guys get attacked by 2 creeps and is at95% = BloodSeeker ms now 550
this still seems not to work! just look at radiant mid for example
how to do that ? I have 2 options , one is "hide" and the others thing means like "copyrighted" so it doesnt change ( because I use own colors teal and yellow instead of green and red and when I leave that unchecked it always switched to red green )
no LD?
yep Zeus will win and then its gonna be like "Zeus the guardian of the Skies" and Pitlord the Lord of the Hells and they fight each other in some kind of minigame and thats then the arcana + new hero
totally true! It will be like "Zeus the Emperor of the Heavens Vs. Pitlord the Lord of the Hells " and then we will figth each other within a minigame and the winner gets items... fucking rigged Valve , same as our "democraty" here
TI boost is not finished yet! Im still expecting another chest soooo we'll see
100% these 2 Morphling after TI2 and Tinker on 6.82iirc
Is this key purchaseable ?
7k NA? about 2.4k EU
and if that doesnt work, there is always roaming mirana
So to start with FIRST of all SEA doent deserve 2 qualifier spots! Secondly SEA doesnt deserve to be an own "region", we in Europe have 20 good CIS teams and 15 good EU teams and we dont have CIS qualifiers and EU West qualifiers! Third of all SEA should count as Asia means Chinese qualifiers. Fourth and last (only because I dont wanna talk about this shit area (Only Dota-wise, no racism or some shit)) SEA teams always are the underdogs and always are disappointing on NEARLY every event, before they should get 2 qualifier spots, they need to proof that they can handle the t3 teams in Europe/china...this is one of the biggest Flaws that Valve has ( and using FACEit as a platform for qualifiers instead of ESL or some other party) since years. SEA just gets out too good every year..
I dont know why you are raging so much! back in the day it was normal to get ONE item instead of a set and they were always common / uncommon! literally MYTHICALS were worth smth... nowadays every fucking item is at least a mythical even if it looks like 1 level under common
oh my! thanks a lot&lt;3
remember tinker? who was like good for the Summit2? and ESL one frankfurt 14, literally like 2 months span??? BAM NERFBAT OF DOOM AND DARKNESS FROM THE ABYSSAL HELLS WHERE LION HAS BEN 3 TIMES. remember morphling AM battles on TI2 ? and Morph is gone since then ( he was like back for 2 weeks where his stun was OP ) but since then... GONE and he is gone since then...
I wouldnt wait a single second and report him, if I was on the team!
im pretty sure liquid would roll over every NA within 20 mins! compare sneykings am game to matumbamans am game! and you know who is a 6k "pro" and who is a REAL pro who knows how to lasthit
so you're literally saying even YOU think that Liquid is by far the best team coming from the qualifiers!
of course they wont do well on the Major! its a Sea team! 12-16 that is!
talking about 4500mmr mason? of course hes fucking awful
Ive also started at around 4800 after calibration back in the days! And I can tell you that there is literally no difference from 5,5-6.5k but to get better than 4k to break like 5.4-5,5k mmr it takes a LOT! you have to know every role, you cant have tunnel vision ever, literally one eye should be hugging the minimap while the other one is doing creep equilibrium! also play aggressive as often as you can try to zone with your hero, even if its just body language! there are so many more points to go through but to sum it up, if you think you are mechanically better than 4.5-5k ppl then the only thing that will unleash you is right decisions ( that includes when to splitpush/what itembuild to go/ what skillbuild to go / where do I have to ward/ who is ganking me / who is DANGEROUS when ganking and who is not / Can I escape ? / Can I even turn and kill ! those questions have to run through your mind like all the time and believe me soon enough you will be one of us :)
still was good enough to reck EE!
that so dumb! I mean if u know you use CHEATS wouldnt you use them purely defensive for example dodging ganks on lane so no one gets suspicous!? this is like so retarded and he will get steam reported multiple times now and account is gone
probably saving it to be extremely rare in a special chest of the compendium! for example the WD frog was created more than a year ago and was just added a month back
yes we are probably worse than him(also 6k here), yes he was a pro back in 2013, yes hes still a good player! but when you have to play and when you can just obs are 2 WHOLE different things and you see stuff from another perspective because youre not under pressure, so its more likely to notice flaws/mistakes but man are those mods and followers fucking biased! like literally Puppey Artoozy(yes artoozy) and Miracle could say, hey mate that was bad and theyd flame the shit out of you, instant lifetimeban, circlejerk at its finest.
my game coordinator is down since the patch! restarted Dota/Steam/ my PC/ even the router! HOW DO I FIX IT ? because it doesnt seem to be down for everyone else
LOOK EE in the eyes while saying that! He HAS to use Secret.EternalEnVy or however the fuck he wants it but THOSE letters only
and live games! so they see your pings / drawings on the map like casters can do
I think he has other issues than DOta2!
too long didnt read
yours is white and backlit! where did you get it from ? would buy instantly
I think a rubick arcana is literally impossible! I Mean you MUST change literally every spell he steals.. a green chrono, green firefly, green defeaning blast, green gush, green green green meaning smth like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJy2XLRfdkc
oh WHAT ? ArtStyle is a bad captain and a bad player?? No way that cant be true, how we should have guessed???? oh wait... yes I forgot its the 37th time NaVi is "trying" him as a captain and it always worked out super great....
dude there is like so much more to it than just those points... a lot of lower skilled ppl dont have ANY real idea behind the game, all they know is okay when we kill towers and rax we win and meanwhile some kills are happening left and right! that is the view of a 4k guy... Im pretty sure a lot of 4k players have the mechanical skills to be good but they are so far behind in terms of strategy and understanding what is actually happening in the game and whats not
hey CSGO community, message me when on of your players is in top60! nice "e-sports" you have right there
so only because it attacks the fastest and has +1 stat? or is the passive in any way useful ?
id also be willing to play SpaNkinG#2720 thorns crusader (did GRift69solo)
i have played nothing but Invoker Crusader this season! after 42 hours of gametime I Have akkahan / Roland 6piece ancient! and Light set 4/6 ancient set parts! I still dont have dropped a single piece of invoker ancient!
Dude Rolands Crusader mastery is like literally impossible
hmm maybe also relevant for ppl who wanna do the "Sprinter" conquest!
paragon lvl over CoE proc is so annoying tho
not UI but actually make Followers SOMEWHAT useful regarding damage ?
yea because Eul's is not good enough already! maybe like give it truesight aswel
Global items for Followers, so we dont have to switch around all the time pls...
Im playing every season and Im always playing a lot! ( I mean in this 1week 2 days I played about 90+hours! ) and I have NEVER seen a bandit shrine
thats just BS! no one gives a fuck about mineksi or Newbee! group B is like 20 times harder than A, Team Spirit (hardest major qualifier runner-up, EG TI5 Champion, OG Major Frankfurt Champion, VG prolly always the best chinese team and some other random RPG player on Newbee. Meanwhile group a Consists of the worst team secret in the history of team secret random SEAteam( be honest noone gives a fuck), half EU pubstomping NA team, LGD who are actually pretty good and EHome who lives of LanM
no OG did good after the major, they even won LANs after the major, and got 2nd place aswel in other lans! Secret did nothing but fail since major
Just add maybe more points to the paragon system so you cant add everything to mainstat!! for example pickup-radius, x xp per monster kill, bleeding dmg, reduce dmg from melee/ranged!
u know that shift queing qop ulti makes her ult come slower because you do the full blink and scream animation! cheer up
im so jealous of all the rerolls you can do to get your ancient shit together
Im not sure why everyone is complaining so much about SWM??? I mean have you not seen the Rainbowdance magician!?!?! rubick is like a fucking discoball now
there is a set dungeon for monk where you have to EP 21 enemies at once ( 3 times) I wanted to ask if this dungeon is ONLY possible with the Fist weapon that applies palm on like evberybody or is it doable without it?
Not sure if shitpost or not
Why does she even handle that?? Afaik she isnt the manager of A anymore and they already have a new "guy" ! Can someone explain? e: Why Do I get downvoted for asking a normal question ??
I think he means the CDEC MMR ( Like FPL rating )
I was wondering why the Firebird Set dungoen doesnt work... well it seems u cant hit too hard! you need aorund 600k sheet DPS so it coutns as burning
And also deck slots
just google diablo 3 paragon calculator! there you can calculate your paragon from nonseason and from season, no registration or anything needed just two number
Feels good to be back :')
Since the previous patch I've got a 1 or 1.5 sec delay when pressing the options wheel! anyone else ?
answer2: I see what you mean and yes it helped! the freezes are gone in lobby games, hopefully they are gone in matchmaking aswel, any Ideas about the chat wheel option ? get the same kind of lag/freeze when press it everytime
I like that shit but THE sound when it goes in and out of the picture is alittle too long or annoying idk
envy lost them the first bo 3 completely on his own and he lost that game completely on his own! and now go downvote me fucking anime weabos
why the fuck would you play 9series in 3 months when changing 2 players?? "oh no we so gucci, we allstar team , we dont need practise - lets watchs ome fucking japanese comic shit all day that will make us better for sure " if they didnt win shanghai, i wouldnt have invited them... because you cant just win a fucking tournament and not play anything else until the next one... but im happy they deserve this shit they goiung through EE throws more games any other player on this planet.
top8 ? if they now face a t3 or higher team in the lower bracket (bo1) so basically everyone except mineski Secret will be place 16th
by winning 1 more bo3 in the upperbracket its more than likely that they get invited to TI! (TI will have 8 invited teams again instead of 12 like on this major)
please valve! dont do this to us
funny how you talk about huge cash prizes and name csgo and lol you should google esports player earnings and there you can see which game provides for the most people (not including streams here) just pure prize money from tournaments
just for clarification bro: http://www.esportsearnings.com/players funny how I get downvoted for telling the truth rofl! I know it was not your intention I just wanted to give props to Dota2 for making about everything right
I miss the good old "WHO will be victorious" FeelsBadMan
gonna tell you the harsh truth now! arteezy is a better pos1 than ee and everyone knows it except ee but no one can tell him because hes a fucking anime weabo and would cut his veins off or some shit! thats why aereety is forced to go mid but everyone on secrethas in mind that ee sucks and wishes artour would play safelane
Morphling after TI2 and Tinker after 1-2 random tourneys were Excalibur rekt some teams with him.
&gt; This looks straight out of N64 Rare days so much this! I have missed those games so much.
Epicenter was ALWAYS on time and run nearly flawless throught the whole tournament
Like I literally dont care if this is an saudi sheikh or some russian oligarch OR a product is sponsoring a club! ManCity/Chelsea/Paris/Leipzig are all the same to me ( yes it sounds harsh but thats my opinion) they are literally just pumping money into the club they dont have to "carry" themselves they can just buy buy buy players and offer ridiculous salaries. im really happy for leipzig and im looking forward to a hopefully good contendor in the Bundesliga
I still can't comprehend what just happened and HOW we could even get close to summarize what MVP just did! ABSOLUTELY stunning performance, this gotta one of the top5 games in Dota2 history. Im out of words
oh my god those were the best days! this was THE MOST fun I had watching a stream, it was smth new,it had pro players, some casters, some random guys like SuJoy, some grills, Nelson the escapist, memes, kuros talkshow on how to live and so on... this post just gave me goosebumps thanks morphling
Wow I really like this orangey background! hope this can be permanent somehow
why do they have boxes like that? Why didnt we have those in Frankfurt(major) :&lt; volvo pls
at least loda is consistent! you literally could make bets on him when he starts to choke! (pls dont forget the slardar stun on invoker illusions(the only ones that reveal themselves that theyre not real because no floating balls))
there was never a NA "scene" it was basically EG the past 2 years. the first good iteration of DC consists of 4 EU players (where I still think that Moo is the weakest link ) and coL is just a pretty average team that can be really happy if they make it to 9-12th places. (I just dont rate players like Chessie and swindle high )
I dont think you know how asian parents are! (maybe excluding Korea)
Do you have other paintings,comics too? I really liked that one.
Secret just got a little worse, didnt know that was somehow possible
doesnt matter a single fuck. before Manila that was the LAST period you could swap around players. they arent allowed to be invited to the "invite qualifier" aswell. they have to go through the open bracket which is bo1 until quarterfinals
think that was the problem too! EE is a hectic fucking nonstop talking mess while making a million mistakes himself! Im actually not sure how anyone can handle that
you lose probably the best offlaner of the past year and gain a tier3 offlaner and you say its best for both teams:D
I dont know. I always thought of Koreans parents being open to SC2 professionals because the western world tells me that being a progamer in Korea is like being a football player in Europe
Water is wet
what else is in those boxes can a buyer of those post that stuff in here ? ;D
as charlie on the panel said I quote " if there is something that Universe hates, its to being micro managed" do you know who is the incarnation of micro managin people ? yes its EE. for example I dont think god and playmaker universe just lost all his skills within 2-3 weeks in Secret its just he needs his calm atmosphere and no one to talk him how he has to play his game.
so? It doesnt matter when you perform mediocre/good on 1-2 games. I can literally just say look at wiiha how he carried them through the groupstages with his invokers and windrunners or the same about yapz/misery... you have to be consistent. I could also say that I think that Moo is the reason they went into Lb at all. you cant just take 1-2 and say hey look at him. I ve been watching and following dc a lot and he just isnt on the same lvl as the other 4 players. (not saying he is bad just the worst of the 5) WAY above me would be Miracle MMR-wise soooo.....
its just my opinion. i didnt say anywhere that it is a fact or smth and I think im allowed to have my opinion ??? Where did I state that Im better than Miracle. you said im either way above or below you, the amount of players that are WAY above me are maybe 30 people on this planet ( just mmr-wise), and I dont recognize your name on any leaderboard so I assumed you're lower but thats perfectly fine everybody can has his own opinion.
so ? he said WAY above/below i dont consider 6000 way below or 6800way above me!
ehhh is that green dildo a tiderhunter ravage "tentacle"?
So there wont be any of those in the online store ? :&lt;
I thought the chest comes with the game Warhammer? all my friends are already playing it ? did I miss a chest or will it be released seperately?
Well is there someone who doesnt agree on that ?
Is there any other way to get those caps ? ( I mean other than being there, I REALLY would love to get one )
buy a name tag and name it after him! you shall NEVER again use another courier :(( sorry for your loss bro I know how that feels
just checked the replay and ES had hood activated and disruptor got 98 dmg per tick , tinker got 113 dmg per tick and es 91 dmg per tick ... im doing 1 more CM game after that im done with that quest
is there a full version of this ?
For someone who was in the crowd at Frankfurt Major and ESL One Frankfurt, I didnt feel like the Major was just another ESL One, the crowd was SUPER hyped, the games were exciting as hell and the Venue was great too. Maybe the hype didnt jump on stream as it did on the major itself! I was with a friend there ( and weve been to a lot Dota2 tournaments ) and it felt completely different - a little TI'ish I would say. I really hope Frankfurt gets another Major next season.
now we want SirActionsSlacks Legacy chest which contains a set for the Finalwinners heroes of the last game :p
upvoted for visibility!
Their team is shit, their coach is shit, their playstyle/strategy is more than awful... well you wont go that far with that kind of team! If it wouldnt be the refs they wont be even in the playoffs 2014 so its karma I guess
history repeats! in the Frankfurt Major Puppey also firstpicked slardar 4 times, OG won 3-1 again
thats why I dont watch any video on twitter
Oh boy flughtless dod was the only "extremely" rare item Ive got ever ! and it isnt unusual FeelsBadMan to your post I think yes! Maybe Valve adds a way to make a courier unusual so you only have to buy your fav color and effect
FNG or did Noone play for him?
someone who doesnt even consider schmelzer after his best season of his career is not someone who'd I think of any good
And I miss the old artour big shadowfiend artour set on his goals artour BibleThump
Well EU is by far the hardest Server. also has by far the most 7k+ players
ehmm no its not. most 7k players just check the fucking leadrboards EU leaderboard starts AT 6800mmr while NA starts with6100 and the other 2 region start with 6300. The amount of better players is just a lot bigger than in any other region. IN na you q into IXMIKE ROFL and all the other t5 NA teams meanwhile in EU you literally play vs mindcontrol, fata,miracle, all the russian guys from VP/empire and so on..
Also because you're dumb. Its not false.
Why on earth would you want to have DeMoN in your team? what the fuck is wrong with these TnC guys?
your brain seems inflated
&gt; Created a Valve-only misc slot for Tinker's Immortal Boots so that these can be equipped along with back slot items Thank you Valve
set on his goals Artour
Well I wish, but our OldLady of a coach who has clearly not watched football for the past 10years wont sub him.
Thats what losers would say! " I have nothing to prove " sure because you "made it" right? you're sitting on barcas bench because of Beko and Turkish airlines wanted to have a adv shield over there in spain. That is the reason you are at barcelona.
and the 2 wildcards will go to Eu and china anyway!
Where did he say that? Im waiting for all my free pts :&lt;
Had the same kind of moron in my team. Just bought quelling blade on my silencer
Can someone explain what this Crate actually is? I have never heard of this service, what kind of items are in it?
Why is everyone so eager to get these?? unless you spend hundred of dollars you wont even get the non-rare 6-7 immortals
^Yea buy this, buy that, buy another 500 level and you gucci
Does this still work?
oh darn. misunderstood it then I guess :&lt;
What is your level may I ask? 58 treasure seems like a lot, honest gl in opening them all.
I still dont understand why anything expires, why cant we just chose from (for example) the frankfurt major port was smth with Ice/cold because it was in Winter now we have Red stripes from TI/Manila why cant we just chose between both ?? Why does smth like that has to expire or all the endless forcestaff/phaseboots/bottle/fountain healing effects?
what about tide or void? they only have like a billion immortals
Was Majoras Mask a Wii game or a GameCube game ( or what kind of version is this on VC ) ?
thats my club!
I guess as many championships as Schalke 04 has.
Thats why we need ingame creatable Tournament systems/trees.
Can someonoe explain a noob like me what that actually is and what it does? Thanks in Advance
well and we have 10 actual teams that were already on majors and TI's. while in NA you have voidboys/vultur gaming and FDL where you literally dont know a fucking single person except when you're from NA. out of the 7 teams in NA I would consider 2 1/2 actualy teams. the others are just some random high mmr NA stacks, which is basically Tier25 in EU. Just think about Liquid who didnt make it to Frankfurt because OG did it. So LIQUID couldnt qualify for a major, while in the next 2 majors they got 2nd and won several LANs ( including epicenter ). just let that sink in. do you think voidboys or FDL are winning LANs or doing smth that actually matters besides playing pubs for dem mmr points
so what you're saying is that Peter is just your average NA shithead. indeed you are correct.
I kind of know that this is a meme but other than that Ive never heard of him.
rofl and that comes from Moo :DDDDDDDD by faaaaaaaaaaaaaar the weakest link in DC, like by a MILLION MILES
Im honest with you! Id only know all of the player from TF, CDEC.Y abd iG.V! from Sea I have no actual clue!
same here and I play Dota2 since the 11.11.2011
What kind of question is that? :D who wouldnt buy that? Finally I can play my pokemon on my ultra hd 4k TV 😁
just like me.. but ehhh not in Dota2 in particular..
I think yes
Dude the past week I spammed so much Dota and I press scan literally ist avaiable on a visible hero because at this point I dont care anymore. I feel like no one is using scan besides me in ANY game
Do you know why the stache is so expensive aswel?
I just dont get why we dont have stretch goals this season ?
As a huge RTS fan everyones gotta admit, sc2 died even before the release of the first expansion(Heart of the swarm) Blizzard just did so many things wrong with their game... Imo its just a matter of time until all western teams release their squads
Im not to sure about that, wc3 was and kind a still is popular and has a scene after such a long time! I think(only personal opinion) that wc4 COULD be another major breakthrough in the esports scene. wc3 was far more popular here in the west than scbw, while both co existed back in 2000-2006, everyone in the western scene was into wc3 iirc scbw had like 3-4 western players who werent even close to some random korean tier3lvl players! meanwhile in wc3 west and east were about the same level and every tournament could have been won by either sides! if battle.net 2.0 wasnt so horrendously bad I think even sc2 would have got a shot sorry for wrong grammar
that is just stupid what youre saying! youre comparing "esports" from 2002 to 2012 sc2 there was no infra structure, there was no twitch, tournaments with 10000$ were fucking huge! it doesnt matter how many tournaments there are for sc2, there are probably more tournaments in cod or soem other random game aswell. sc2 viewership just declined year after year thats how you tell if a game is dieing or not
dont say people, i just told you guys my opinion and thats it! Imo there is room for a major RTS game but it has do its shit right and not obly balance some things every 2 or 5 years like in wc3/sc2! you need a team that consistently works on balancing it out make 2-3 patches per year!
this is basically true for 90% of the teams! just very very few teams stick together after an upset like that. Ad Finem or old/new Liquid
Well you cant argue facts. Most of the LULba defenders now will say "but he did good while on team x" , well it doesnt matter. he didnt do extremely fucking good, because thats what all the teams did before he joined and thats just a fact and mason summarized it I guess. What I dont get from the perspective of tier1 team, why they keep bringing him to their lineups, what makes them think "oh well bulba could be a great addition". To name a few teams of his past. EG,Secret, Liquid, DC these are the strongest western teams we have in Dota2 (except OG) and all teams did abyssmal as soon as he joined. And all teams did fantastic before his arrival sooo as I said just would be interesting to hear from a t1 player why they thought bulba was a good idea
Play dota since about 10 years, still hasnt achieved anything,still has the mentality of a 4k wannabe Miracle, thinks of himself he can rundown mid like true dota gods arteezy/sumail, must be ixmike
no one said that! BUT he did win a ti, he won several other lan tournaments, in the past 3 years he was top 3 on every valve event (except when in secret) meanwhile bulba never proved anything,never won anything, got last place in every fucking tournament. you see theres a little difference between those
Is there a league already for higher skilled players? 6.6k euw would love to participate in smth like that or am I completely wrong here and this bot allows you to host your own IHL ?
No one said it Inspire should be in every set since tgt... I really hate when people generalize like that, op asked why there werent 1 or 2 other inspire card since tgt which are like a shitton of expansions . he never asked why there isnt inspire in every set in every 5th card
nice try niantic devs, Instinct controlling smth :D
forgot the Kappa mate
We also need to take a look at languages, for example Im que'ing EUw ONLY with my only language being english, but the system is not working if I have to mute 3-4 players from a 5 man team including me. If you're que'ing for english and start typing smth in russian/ukrainian or whatever language u're typing you should get punished aswell. Its just unacceptable in the end Dota2 is a TEAMgame and it makes it A LOT harder if you cant understand 80% of your team. e: NA East server has the same problem with Peruvians according to all these threads on this subreddit.
Id be so happy if they'd announce something Pokemon/RPG related for the Switch.
Because IceFrog hates us... We dont have any western "event" like Easter/Haloween/Valentinesday(we celebrated chinese valtines)/ christmas / "our new year" etc. Too bad because just imagine all the cool stuff for our icy heroes on winter or our ghosts/dead heroes on halloween.
Oh wow another CK set which literally looks like the other 25 ck sets.
Its gone for me (EU) No more charmanders or Bulbasaurs around me
so basically 90% of the Bundesliga teams :/ especially if we are 0-1 in every game recently
Weidenfeller and the refs. According to Wahretabelle.de we are the most "screwed" team which lead us to losing 5 points only because of ref fuck ups. And these are only the decissions one which are super super obvious. I hope Rapha and Reus make it through the season without injuries.
literally Void now. Maybe Void WAS monkey king in his earlier lives :thinking:
literally 7/10 games are bot games. somehow sad that Valve doesnt seem to give a single fuck
Same here, I just kept the most op ones for heroic challenges to get my cardback. And I dont regret it, I havent played a single wild game.
"keeping the meta fresh" I think he forgot this Kappa at the end of the tweet. We have an aggro meta since the beginning of the so called "sunshine Hunter" which is basically half a year after game release. Every season we try to surivve somehow to turn7-8 and hope the opponent droesnt draw his leeroy, frostbolt icelance, coldblood, charge minions and so on... fucking Blizzard destroying another one of their games. "Good Job team 5" I think I wont forget mine... Kappa
It doesnt matter anyway, even if they would have forgotten to sign up, Valve would just say "yeah it's fine we register you" or smth like that. Only if they don't change players obv. but yeah... its wings
because ESL isnt a Valve sponsored Premier LAN. PW and Valve are the source of Dota2 and if they host a LAN which has 6/12 of one region eventhough their region sucks ass besides NewBee and Wings then its understandable.
Unfortunately it still does lag for me, not like it was before but every like 30-45 seconds there is one huge freeze for like 1.5secs then it proceeds to go on without any laggs until the next freeze happens (30-45secs)
I already have that unchecked, Dota2 asks you on start if you wanna close DVR so we dont record ourselves nonstop, but its appreciated.
yea same for me, tried multiple heroes all lead to alt f4 e: Lobby closes the game instantly aswell. wew Valve... what a patch...
Are you using the 64bit client ?
And I thought I was going somewhere reaching 7k FeelsBadMan but congrats to you. I recognize your name, we def played with/against each other.
Obligatory "the technology isn't there yet" or "source 2/3/4/5" will fix it
Cube the Furnace, tribe blades isnt good because warcry and shout trigger earthquake, the main reason is the bonus dmg on earthquake!! basically you wanna trade in 50%elite dmg vs 200%bonus dmg on everything and that is wrong sir. just use furnace in your cube and youll be good, even the worst tribe blade would be better than the best furnace :) hope I could help
maybe an hommage to the warcraft3 player th000(the human000) and ly = love you, so basically he loves TH000. investigation complete Kappa
SumaiL too, no falmes/no talking; no bad play/throwing SeemsGood Valve SeemsGood
It still does freeze the screen every 20-30 seconds for 1 second. and my HC Character dc'd in a game, where my internet was running smoothly all the time ( had a twitch stream open which run through properly all the time )
Also came from SC2 and Wc3 to Dota2 and the most surprising one wasnt the team aspect, but more the BM that is going around. For example if you typed anything else than "gl/hf" and "gg" you were already rude... and here in Dota2 every 12 year old had sex with my mom, wants me to die to aids or spamms well played and ez after everything they achieved. It was a huge shock for me at first, sadly you kind a get used to it. People seem to forget that you play against actual human beings, every hero you play against is controlled by a human...
Also another suggestion for you guys, go to Act 5 Ruins of Corvus, explore the map first with you blink/invis mobility spell so those little "things" crawl over the wall. You dont need anything else than a boon of the hoarder. (no bovine required) I just did it yesterday on my 2nd try ´got about 95M gold
I wish for everyone here that you could see the video from 4-5 years ago called "Thomas Tuchel der Rulebreaker" One of the best Videos Ive seen.
Do you provide any kind of cosmetic to your supported team? like if someone says can I have that axe china vanguard thingy does he get it immediately or has it to be available at your site?
This will be guaranteed the best game that came from a kickstarter, can't wait for Yooka Laylee.
Well obv. RedEye is right. No one says ANYTHING if you are having 10mins delay because someone fucked up or some technical issues you can't control for example Internet ( but the stream is running since 9:45AM CET ) so basically its running 2 hours striaght without any break, there was no panelist saying anything about what is happening, no communication nothing. Just at 10:3, they said starts in 10 mins ... well thats 1 hours 15 mins since then. Horrible horrible organisation, as long as we have tournaments like this, e-sports will never be recognized as anything else than a hobby for the mainstream media.
That is the one point I talked thrrough on my comment! In our world we dont have a the weather problem but we have internet problems. These are techincal difficulties no one can regulate like the weather in football/baseball/whatever
VP.Noone spammed Leshrac mid to get 9k. So... I think its pretty viable, max Q/w, get 1 point in lightning to set up stuns IF needed. And the itemisation always depends Euls/BS/octarine bkb/glimmer etc.
You guys from NaVi give your support player some food, wtf that cant be healthy. Looks anorexic to me.
According to the site it starts in 10 hours, so Id assume it starts in about 13-14 hours
As a tinker player this change hit me really hard.. we kind a have to swap items in and out constantly and now you can accidentally scroll down and lose vision over your hero for abrief moment
ixmike88 human disgrace
It's in the game since Reborn iirc.
Just takes some time to figure out what heroes work vs him like Disruptor, DOOM (yes silence still fucks Ember), Puck etc.
Aghanims &gt; Ember
s4 god of H1Z1
"bad news" depends on the view I guess. I feel bad for Auba because the cup was in his homecounty but on the other hand im super happy that he might be even back for Mainz (def. for Leipzig though)
and liverpool will make CL like the past x years? As a young player right now I dont there is a better place for you than Dortmund! you can learn from the very best a la reus and auba, the most passionate fans on the world, most visited stadium since years, known for developping young talents into superstars (hummels,schmelzer,sahin,götze,reus,lewandowski,gündogan) and now with like the best u19 players out there, I dont think we need to hide from any club regarding youth plyers
Dire Shrine northwest is absurdly bugged. I rightclicked towards the hard camp when I was up the ramp and my hero walked in the direction of my diret2 mid tower !?!? there is smth clearly wrong with pathfinding
I think every year gets more prize money because of TI gives more money every year.
Thanks Valve, for the 3 of us the game was unplayable we couldnt even move my hero would walk on the same spot. while for the opponent team they could play normally, 2 mins in all 3 of us died SeemsGood SeemsGood
If there wasn't his Liquid.Miracle- tag Id be sure that was an EE-Invoker Kappa
so we aint gonna fix monkey king ult 2nd ability ? drop 50 frames and freeze for 2 secs
after an article like this Id just ban sportBild without hesitation. nothing but clickbaiting into fake trouble
Well we played the actual CL champions twice didnt lose once and won the group! This just tells me everything is possible this season.
thats how we are from the rts genre. for us its absurdly rude if you type anything else than glhf in the beginning or ggwp at the end of the game. the difference in language usage was probably the most shocking when switching over from sc2/wc3 to Dota2
Who even upvotes this moron? there is literally barely any complaints, mostly its constructive feedback to help Valve improve the new game mode. no one is crying herr except you
didn't even know it exists... I doubt anyone relevant from Valve is sitting there and watching morons discuss stuff, if ppl like OP are in there.
No way this abadon sets makes it in, it looks way too cool :D
I want all level 25 Talents to be herobound, like no +400 hp or +200 atk range. A spell/passive should be increased all the time. Thats my only wish, (both sides of the talents, not only 1)
oh this is an awesome idea please volvo
Is there a page for me I could "check" things, Im at 785 Korks and I haven't opened up Hyrule field even, nor did I beat ganon. I want ganon to be my last "thing" which leads me to 100% game complettion. Im looking for a page where I can just open up lets say hebra region without seeing any other part of the map and it should tell me how many koroks there are in total and how much % I can achieve in that region, does a site like that exist ? and gratz to your 100% I was wondering what these 3 "badges" are on screenshot 11 ? e:also at some 100% Zelda games I see Link having 30 full red hearts, how is that done ?
Thanks so much for the answer. zeldamaps.com looks good but damn checking off nearly 800 koroks will take prolly hours without getting headache. but thanks, think im gonna use that one. Oh please tell me Kilton is already counting those numbers because I just tried to kill all Talus/Hinoxes or does he start after Ganon? hmm okay thanks I thought there is a special way of getting 3 extra heart container but you just decided not to spend them ^^ appreciate your long answer
I sold her diamonds twice, she wants diamonds again. I think im done with her, I have 150+ of every other gem and have like 15 diamonds left and I think I could use those for bows etc
keep in mind that just the bow inrito village is worth it. you find other better weapons but the rito bow has quickfire + tripple shot. I always keep one on me, was especially useful in the horse archery quest, and just in genereal its better to have that bow when on a horse, the arrows also fly pretty straight for a long time unlike lynel / other bows
That is the "old" version, it was like that for like a month but then they "nerfed" it so you only need 1 star fragment.
Guess Thou was patient *badumtss*
It's a cultural thing, just take a look at TI3 and the videos afterwards. TongFu players were like: " In china we say if you lose, no matter how you were weaker than your opponent" smth like that and then he said NaVi won vs them cause they were better, no one was mad or anything. Chinese always believe that if you lose you deserve it and youshould have practised harder. That is clearly not this way in the wester scene watching 80% of the pros on twitch. Meanwhile Loda nearly choked just watching the game and went full UncleNox
I just now realize that the "helm" of the barbarian set looks a lot like Black King Bar (Item in Dota2) The eyes glow red when activated, otherwise it looks just like the helmet picture: http://wiki.teamliquid.net/commons/images/e/e9/Black_king_bar_hi_res.png
Really important, activate traps manually instead of the "detonate trap button" for ta. It has a cast animation and it makes her stop moving, activating traps manually doesnt.
LIke how fast are these gone after posts like this ? it feels like if im 5 mins late they're gone
thats what we love at BVB! score incredible hard goals with 5 dirct passes and 3 chips into concede a goal because someone slipped on a banana or smth. its the Dortmund way ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Back to back title ? Is it happening ?
I ordered mine frm j-subculture cause someone recommended it here. Im still waiting for any shipping info ( been about 4 weeks )
You clearly have no idea about how demanded amiibos are right now since the launch of the switch. Every amiibo (especially LoZ ones) are completely sold out everywhere and even pre-orders are sold/booked out completely. Some being sold for 200€ like Link from OoT. With the Switch Nintendo got its first real (no shots to the wiiu) that can make a use of amiibos properly and just imagine for a millisecond how demanded all Mario amiibos will be as soon as Odyssey comes out. Especially when everyone of them has a special in-game COSMETIC unlock (comparable to BotW) Zelda for example is a huge game for the Nintendo fanbase, but Mario is a huge game for the gaming indusrty in genereal, because everyone knows and loves mario ( even my parents who are 50+ know mario but they obv wont know who link or zelda is )
Don' want to take anything away from Pogba but "cross-ins" like this from Dembele are golden. If an opponent touches it --&gt; own goal, if not a striker is there and with enough force so the keeper can't react, except you're Manuel Neuer.
I also got Falco yester from german amazon 2,99€ No diea why hes so cheap here, I freakin love falco
Thats what Im afraid of. If this would happen to me Id go bonkers
Well thats Watzkes side of the story, TT said otherwise in all of his press conferences.
This is so weird to me, manager have more impact on a team than **any** 50m+ transfer you could take and yet the most expensive coaches are like 5-8m €
You're absolutely right but for example if he WANTS to leave, do you really want someone to coach your team who doesn't even wants to be there any longer.
How do you actually see that it is/was up ? do you constantly refresh the page?
8 minutes too late because I was watching a Zelda stream on twitch... boy the irony
he is basically our Reus replacement... and well Reus isn't made of steel as you can imagine
well define "trouble" UCL Semifinalist + 3rd place in the hard league on earth behind the UCL Winner and Barcelona. that aint too bad
well they are still second place, and won the italian league + cup, where are you ? what have you won ? ... exactly
he actually wanted to BUT with a pay-raise, Bayern said nope and that's basically it.
didn't know Chappie dropped 3k mmr in the past 2 weeks
Idk whats happening but Zelda is ripping me off, I have her since about 1 1/2 months now and I still didnt get the twilight bow :(
The only thing I haven't done is beating Ganon, other than that im at 119 shrines, 860+ Koroks, all divine beasts, everything fully graded up, killed 40 talus/hinox, 4muldoga. (Im trying to be at 100% when I beat ganon) Or do I have to kill Ganon first ?
guess its just RNG then :/
If this is true, this is my next jersey for SURE. Definately the most beautiful one for me since the 12/13 CL jersey. ( my opinion guys, no reason to mock me:&lt; )
I knew that sir, but thank you. I mean 900 koroks are already above 60% and while disvocering all of them, you "open up" the map too because they're widely spread but of course I have to scout out more of the map, koroks alone aren't enough. I just try to have 100% after beating ganon, I am probably gonne be at 95%+ because you will always miss something.^^
That's what I meant ( sorry my english isn't super good ). I haven't used a "location" map, but I used ZeldaDungeons for all the Koroks, I don't think it's quite possible to find all 900 without that lol.
I think we need a CL rematch BVB vs Legia We could expect another classic 9-7 score
I love this thread here, my 2 favorite clubs commenting only BVB and FB!
Im probably gonna need that "helmet" Im at 867 Koroks atm and I have 32 Korok signs left on my map, so finding the lone one will be hard enough
From what game is that guy ? is the amiibo rare ? looks cute though :3
Why can't we get back region lock... it was one of the best week of Dota2 in my fucking life. Ive only played with swedes/danish/french/german, now all I get is хи им фуцкинг думб
Woah he has the DarkMoon baby roshan? how many of those are available ? feels like 10
Im from EU and the first time I saw this gu/cube was on this subreddit. Have to check the game out and see what kind of game that is, feels like its non-existent here.
is there a page that shows how much % each section gives? lets say you would complete 120 shrines without finding a single korok and a divine beast at how much % are you?
For someone who has never played Animal Crossing, what the scoots is the game about ? whats the goal ?
holy moly, I just stood up for this and I missed it again.... oh boy
lol that sounds extremely dumb, maybe it's a " you have to play it to understand" thingy maybe when the switch gets VC im gonna try one or the other, what would be the best for a newcomer into that game?
holy moly, that inventory is worth thousands of thousands of dollars.
Looks like amiibo unlock weapons for Zelda:BotW
I mean if we play with 3 CBs then it will be Sokratis+bartra+1 (lets say toprak for now) then you have 2 more "back-ups" with Zagadou and bender, on a position with 3 players its okay to have 2 back ups also we will play in 3cups so rotation is key. Ginter/subotic will leave the club for sure. We have Burnic and BruunLarsen coming up from our back to back champions youth
ROFL, I quite didn't expect a Dota2 reference in /r/Soccer
you can't escape the trench, LITERALLY
I think Im dumb, im actually just camping this subreddit to wait for playthek amiibos and everytime I miss them by like 10-15 minutes
I just wish our players would be as mature as Zagadou is and chose the better team, *looks at auba* /s
"above average" and Sokratis in one sentence. It's not like he's been our best CB for the past 3-4 years
Do i need a special JP amazon acc ? cant log in
Thanks but they dont have PayPal as paying option, feelsbadman. Can't order them without a credit card :/
Yea everything is up, also the new ones, Botw /rider/archer/zelda/bokoblin but only few left, better hurry lads
I just hope the Switch gets a Pokemon game :)
tell that the Auba haters :P
Put your hands up, say you got some stomach-issues, go to the bathroom for 8 minutes on twitch.tv/nintendo and come back when finished your "duty"
And we get Derbystar FeelsBadMan
No one will win Ballon do'r the next 5-6 years except Messi/Ronaldo
YES, I got Skyward Sword and MM Had not enough cash on PayPal for all 3 thanks, 3rd day in a row I stood up until the refill of playthek and now finally after 3 days until 3 am I did it, thank you OP
You're the real MVP, thanks to you I can finally go to sleep.
considering he was at EG most of his career and the ridiculous salary they pay I wouldn't be surprised if it was minimum 2 years ago our boys are all wealthy
Instead of a fixed number we should just have 8-10% of the pool going to amateur teams etc from the qualifiers.
Dont forget the most important thing, make it a LAN. Qualifier for a 20million tournament shouldnt be decided online (especially for the OQ team who directly plays 6-7 hours after winning the OQ)
50% is ridiculous for 1st. It should never be more than 40% for the winner of a tournament. In fact I think 40% is enough, especially considering ti where 40% of idk 25 million is still a shitton of money
well you can also blink out of chrono if phase shifted (you have to dagger to the direction youre looking at)
because he is injured! no one could ever replace Reus
technically its correct! chrono stops time but as puck you're in another dimension for a short period of time^^ weird spell
Fucking prick, he's a disgrace to the turkish football community. hope he gets banned/fired from everything. but obv hes good with erdogan so there won't be any negative effects
Too bad only credit card works there :( as a young student, you normally don't have one.
any advice for a player who did it just like you, im at 119shrines ( thats nto the problem ) and at 899 Koroks... what am I supposed to do now? I went through the map 5-6 times now, even let my gf go trhoug it and we still couldnt find the last seed what did you do when it happened to you ? did it even happen to you ?
&gt; Everything wrong with ranked matchmaking That's the title and there is not a single word about language settings/regionlocks/ so there is at least ONE part you've missed out buddy. Other than that good post
I think someone needs to calm down
He's gotta use it soon, he will WAOW. Literally pressed a single button, LD always delivers e: for anyone who hasn't seen it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJQ8OnlS9gw
How do you have 30 red hearts ?
well do you think it's undeserved ? not saying that I like what he's doing but it's his job as an ANALYST to analyze the gameplay of both teams, on one hand you see Liquid doing everything well and on the other hand you have NaVi who crumble at every stage of the game from minute 0 to the GG call
but who doesnt max stamina ?:P
Weird that Dota2 doesn't care about their custom games, I mean it literally was born there and now they neglect it.
that only happens once a bloodmoon you will hear Zelda during this period
?? I thought Sonic Mania is gonna be a 3d "rpg" kind of game. lol
thats a classic /s
I mute everything non-english. Also the slightest breath of negativity in a game and youre muted too.
Big dick LanM
bro come on, delte that one extra goat!
you misspelled argentinian pulisic
Just so I understand If I have ALL the locations on the map which is in my startpost, I should have all location that count towards 100% completionist right? Have both of them, I checked the map multiple times :( even told my gf to go over it a few times.
Wc3 RoC and TFT campaign is still untouchable. one of THE best stories ever!
What do the two invoker icons mean? I saw once on a stream where Invoker somehow fought with you at the end vs SK !?
that happens in every team he is in. also in B)ears he was the shining star even with FATA in the same team. ( on position 1 to be fair )
To be honest I wouldn't call that a "project" a project for me is building up good young players to become supergood and make CL etc. Milan is just buying "stars" left and right. Monaco or RBL I'd title as projects, not buying players for 50m+ giving them 10m salary.
the french coach isnt also the very brightest, I mean if you dont win anything kn the next years with this france team, you wont ever win anything again. the french team is stacked on every position
&gt; I can see Overwatch having long term just because it's Blizzard because when you have 2 of the best RTS games in the universe and you fail at both of them, gives youhope for the shooter right?
I just beat him, let meeee win, AGAIN :D
left after the 2nd season after introducing grandmaster as a grandmaster. and as mentioned above Sc2 is a complete disaster
aka he is an ego and wanted to be the "hero" that makes the country lead 2-1
no way. Mats is the 2nd best CB in the world. Only the lion of Madrid being better cause of his offensive/clutch moments.
Just get NFC tags from ebay dude, you get all 18Zelda amiibos and it will cost you like 10 bucks max.
also on ebay for even less money, I paid 8€ + 5€ shipping for super well done NFC tags with some nice pictures on it etc.
I don't know a campaign is there for good lore, nice story telling, loveable/hateable characters even some cut/videoscenes. What we got is not a "campaign" it's a fucking diehard/tryhard minimap which has an endboss. Im a 6k player and this map is not at all easy for me, dota skills dont matter a single fuck. All we got is some random npc standing in some "base" and us getting speech bubbles. I was never more disappointed in a game by Valve than this. Im not trying to say that it should be easy but campaigns shouldnt be like this, you should be forced to play for example Slark/slardar/naga whatsoever and then explore their lore, because remember TI7 has an aquatic theme and therefore we should discover their lore. We got some speechbubbles and comic which is like 5 pages long. GREAT CAMPAIGN I expected something comparable to Wc3 RoC/TFT or the SC2 campaigns where you learn to love the characters you're playing and their thoughtprocess etc. Honest rating 2/10 e:other than that thanks for writing a little guide for the ones that actually wanna try it.
I wouldn't mind that too. Diablo 3 Story was also great ( didnt play Diablo2 so cant talk about that )
Also wanna leave my 8th league club, waiting for BVB or Real Madrid. Hope they call me in the next hour e: short update Wenger called me - turned it down. 8th league one more season - here we go
Look what Epicenter did, Single Elimination but no one would argue that Liquid didn't deserve it. Why is that you may ask ? - Well that's easy to answer. GROUPSTAGE MATTERED. only 6 of 10 Teams advanced to the Playoffs, the winners of both groups got an advantage ( so everyone tried hard in groups to get that advantage ). What happened at boston? or Kiev, you can't play single elim with the shittiest of groupstage possible and then don't reward the group winners AT ALL. wow here you play vs 16 th place of the group, you get 2-0rekt Epicenter did every possible thing right, Hype tournament, good groupstage that matters, perfect playoffs rules, and Final on a single day alone. no other games played that day ( except some fun casters match ) &gt; Well Played.
I would be fine if Scythe of Vyse breaks. not the other 2 hexes
TI yes, Boston Kiev no.
Well mk got nerfed when he has the lowest winrate of all heroes you never kno what the frog is up to
Everyone should watch the video of Zyori talking about TI Prizepool and distribution. He had so many good points.
With the iron talon soooo good. Wish there was a comic with Tinker. I just love the artstyle of it :D simplistic
To everyone who still has not played Ori and the blind forest. PLEASE PLAY IT, it will be one of the best (maybe saddest) feelings you will get playing this game. An absolute masterpiece especially the music and atmosphere
what ? kelly has a daughter ?
In every game of the final there were at least 3 pauses because of lag/delay/packet loss
I don't think iG has a safe invite anymore. After winning DAC they rushed to being bad again. Id set OG/EG/VP/Liquid as 100% invited, then the next closest invite would be Newbee
mine has double durability, literally can't break :D
I would love to see that !!!
So in about half a decade when Fener finally can qualify for CL again you MIGHT SAY WE HAVE A CHANCE ? So the checklist is... qualify for CL ( indirectly means win the turkish league ), get raffled into a Group with Barca or Real, proceed to make top16, play the other one of the mentioned 2 above. Can totally see that happening lads
Well we don't need to sell too. Contract till 21'
I was in a game with randoms and we were escorting a guy(looks like bristleback somehow) in the dessert, were we close to the end or still lot to go?
Hello consoles, welcome to the internet normal play environment since 2000.
25 mins seems a bit short-ish or am I wrong ?
I think around 25 million 3DS owners would disagree.
I don't think I have ever read something dumber than your sentence on reddit.
Well according to the last 10 patches he doesn't even care. At this point just remove him entriely and be done with it.
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN
Wish I could just find 3 normal thinking humans who like watched a replay or two, all I get is shitheads not knowing anything abadon rushing boots of travels im done
29th August Release date!
Yes make the game harder because a handful of players had figured it out. Are you guys at valve actually insane or just plain stupid?
hey valve here, we saw on the dotabuff leaderboards that one handful of players have figured it out, thats why we gonna nerf everything and buff every boss gl your Valve COmmunity FUCJY OUJ
Did I actually and accidentally write a word correct ? :P
ROFL
You forgot ma boy SF
I tell you the root of 99% issues in ranked. Russians/Peruvians , you see how easy that was ? Thats's because they q for server in which they have a worse ping than their own server, dont talk the language that the others 4 are talking and Id guess communication is key in a fucking teamgame. give us back region lock and everyone can play dota happily after
Can you pls fix assembling inventory that the item doesnt go on the first place thats free.... come the fuck on
Who the fuck gets triggered by their opponents? Are we playing the same game? It's my mates that trigger the shit out of me now and then
I think he clearly overestimates his skillcap. Alex Sanchez is for sure one hell of a forward/striker/winger but 25m yearly is like Messi/Ronald level which he is off by lightyears. Even oldboys Robbery are better than him and earn like half of that money.
We should post that more frequently, once a day is definately too less. How about we post it every fucking hour ?
first of all it's then a bad TA game and 2nd there is this item called Black King Bar, which is SUPER DUPER MEGA IMPORTANT if you play the likes of viper/veno/ds/Jakiro etc...
I know how you feel, it actually itches my brain if I see "errors" like this.
Definately a candidat if not favorite for the Shanghai Major Award 2017
Wenger tried to sign him last year
Yea, my friend has a 1070 compendium and he got one golden chest - he got the only one of the three he didnt want. (ck)
they have some kind of "bet" with the russian casting scene (vilat,caspeer etc.) iirc they get a fruitbasket for winning the tournament without picking a hero twice.
i dont use opengl or anything and have the same issue
3-4 heroes come to mind, Alchemist, Monkey King, PL and Broodmother.
for all he's done... soooo ?!?!? play one season for your "heartclub" ?
Im pretty sure that even a 150m € offer will be declined, he has more than 4 years of contract. There is absolutely no reason to sell him, we have enough money.
I fucking dont understand how this graph is on the frontpage every fucking day. Are you guys so bored of your lives and have to shitmeme the exact same graph EVERY DAY, OP I hope you have an enjoyable rest of your life, it seems to suck. Suffer!
I literally couldn't give a fuck about the TI prizepool and it's correlation with playerbase, I just get annoyed by this graph popping up 3 times a day. I don't understand what would be so horrible if they graphs touch each other "oh nooo we wont surpass 147841561541 million prizemoney from last year, the game is so dead and bad" It literally doesnt matter if there are 1.500.000 active players or 1.300.000 during respective gaming sessions
Mario64 is one of THE best games ever made in terms of absolutely everything. I don't wanna take anything away from BK (I loved both games) but a comparison between one of the best game ever and a really good jump n' run makes no sense to me. Thanks for the good read though
And for this I paused Artour stream, GG
He's grown to one of my favorites in only one season. He is one of the smartest players for us, reminds me a lot of Ilkay back then. (totally different positions but just the game sense and game understanding)
he's the only one with 9k who streams on his main account and plays a butload of heroes, also MidOne is a fucking boss and loves to troll- I'd say he even deserves more Viewers than he has but still he is always the one with most viewers (except when Artour is streaming simultaneously)
thats a TEA EYE WINNING TEAM, just need some c00s oger for free yashas
Im going to ask Ouker asap!
They could actually qualify if they wanted to, EU qualifier is sadly pretty shit this year, besides Secret who will win the group everything is possible
I fricking love these "point at the guy over there" comics!!
and here we have a clueless rtz-hater, he streamed about 20 hours the past week and not ONCE has he flamed his teammates sold/destroyed his items. the typical gg im done what hes typing and thats it, but nice try fag
From whom do you mean? Noone has no MMR assasins he is barely 9k, only Abed has some on NA server (LULba and his crew), Noone just destroyed his items and walked down mid where it was a 16-17 score.
it has some of the rarest items in dota, including golden versions from old TIs this shjould be at least worth 250€
yes im an RTZ fanboy because I speak the truth with that I saw on Arteezys stream and what I saw on Noones stream. must be hard to talk with a dick constantly down deep ur head, cuz ur obv missing a brain
It is insane how good Abed is, but the past week and a half DC is donating MMR nonstop. So at least 500-600mmr is gifted for free here. It's sad because it takes away pride from breaking 10k eventhough Abed wouldn't have needed that shit from DC, he is one hell of a midplayer but as I said it will keep huge portions of the pride away, nevertheless he will be the first 10k player
you're a moron
suck Trumps dick hobo
They are throwing sir, look at all the Dotabuff matches or look at Abeds winrate vs 4 of his teammates it's between 88% and 100%. When with him DuBu and LULba go apeshit, when versus him they clown around (no this is not made up, look for yourself on dotabuff, datdota or even this thread)
I think DC will do it as 1st even. 2nd place I'd give Planet odd a sligth edge vs NP
His winrate against his teammates is surreal, it is between 89 and 100%, check any replay or dotabuff, or like any other thread regarding Abeds mmr. Just do me the favor and watch one. It can#t get more obvious than this, I dont think it is normal to win 18 out of 20 games vs your Teammates
Abed fanboys will disagree and as I said I love watching him play but it's sad that his accomplishment will be narrowed cuz of LULba and DuBu-God. It is absolutely not normal to have a winrate against your teammates of 90-100% (check datdota.com if you don't believe me) STATS DONT LIE *NahazFace*
there are statistics on datdota.com, you can check KDAs on dotabuff comparing with and versus him, there are multiple people watching replays and saying it's true... and still there are people like you (that support he isnt fed mmr) I love watching Abed play but shit like this what DC is doing is just narrowing down Abeds incredible performance lately and that makes me sad. he is one of the few with Midone/Miracle who could have done 10k - but you don't suddenly win 24 out of 27 games out of fucking nowhere
he is not 10k yet bro
well you don't normally win 24 out of your last 27 games out of fucking nowhere. there are several statistics on datdota.com that DC is feeding him, feels bad for Abed because no one is going to give him the credit he actually deserves.
He is 24-3 in the past 7 days. You can't win out of fucking nowhere 90% of your games.
So you're telling he went 24-3 in the past 7 days because he got some insane skillboost in only 7 days ? Sign me up fam And no Im not a Miracle/Arteezy fangirl in fact Im an Abed fan, this just makes me more sad that his achievement will be narrowed down because of LULba and DuBu-God
you think echo slamming a creepwave is not good enough? YOU CLEARLY HAVENT WATCHED THE GAMES; THEY ARE NOT THROWING *DCFangayFace*
wtf ? Like Abed gives a fuck that his mates are morons.
Couldn't agree more. To be fair LULba and Dubu have as much the fault, as all the people that were throwing games left and right. Abed achieves something incredible and he COULD have been the first 10k legit player but this is just a pure shitshow. By just watching the last 3-4 games you can tell everyone was memeing. I feel bad for Abed, he doesnt deserve the shit he will be getting
Don't think he cares about that either, it's everyone else thats freaking out about his MMR, Abed is chill af in all of his games. The fucking mongolish NA scene is the problem with their MMR assasins, MMR Donors, MMR Bodyguards. Instead of being decent human beings they decided to behave like 12 year olds. a very very sad day for Dota in general on such a monumental thing as the first ever player to hit 5 digits on MMR.
If there is something monumental, leave it to NA to ruin it. A very sad day for Dota2 on such an unique event, the first player ever to hit 5 digits.
Sadly nothing. This community went down the drain 2-3 years ago. At least Mr. IceFrog is keeping the game alive by re-innovating it constantly and making it better.
I am a fan of both and by no means this feels glorious. Anticlimactic is the word here I suppose.
and this is RTZ destroying items and throwing?? you have to be kidding me the game was already over and everyone fooled around - you have to be the dumbest person on this subreddit. do you even brain ?
* WarCraft 3 TFT * Dota2 * SuperMario 64 * Donkey Kong 64 * Zelda BotW * Zelda OoT * Zelda TP * Diablo series * Rocket League * Ori and the blind forest
can you stfu you piece of shit, go fucking kill yourself
very rarely. there are never more than 2 or 3 heroes "chosen" and 1-2 getting banned
people like this should be followed to their home and their pc destroyed and a lifetime steamban on his IP/life/family/grandchildren
Between the tier 1.5 teams maybe yes. But there is no way any chinese team is able to beat VP/EG/OG at this point in a serious match.
kill yourself fat fuck
kill yourself fat piece of shit
they are all known to me from my pubs and funn1k is funnik especially iLTW always stood out in pubs for his carryrole
huge vocabulary for a neckbeard, go kill yourself now
It's literally the same in 5k games
No, yapzor was always a god but was dragged down by bad mates in Kaipi and in ESC.
How is this goalkepper hyped as fuck`? Only because of him I've watched every ITA match and literally every ball that somewhat makes the curve towards the goal is in the net. In milans shoes Id be happy to get some cash for this chubby kid
Hopefully Puyol will lead some youngsters to us aswell, he is iirc the manager of Bartra and we all know bartra fucking loves our club.
beep boop GIVE 2GD Shanghaimajor pornshow
We got some Siltbreaker achievements in the Battle Pass section
yes he could have done SOOOO much more with infinite TPs but I guess he hasn't seen it a furion spammer do and therefore didn't think of it. If bulldog for example saw this game, guess he would puke UNCONTROLLOBALY. very poor performance by moon, also his no BKB for like 85 mins
I can't believe how delusional NP fans are, like literally NP couldn't win a single LAN since they're formed. Their best placement in a LAN was when all the t1 teams were on another LAN (Zotac - and they still didnt even win that one). They couldn't even qualify for Kiev Major and lose every lan as soon as they face a Tier 1 team, and people call NP Tier 1. This is not even hate it's just looking up results - no idea how anyone comes to the idea of NP winning TI, thats as far reachable as I would win TI. There are a handful of Teams that could win TI and NP is DEFINATELY not one of them.
absolutely overrated GK, was mediocre at BEST in all of his game for the u21. literally every ball that made his way to the goal landed in the net, Milan should be hyped as fuck to get some kind of money for that chubby kid
sounds a lot like Turkey :thinking:
If they took it somewhat seriously maybe they would make top 5 but I doubt it, they'd def perform better than all 3 "Alliance rosters" Crescendo/Beans/ALliance
That's the BVB way, making it to all finals and lose it! Love it
There is no reason for him to leave, he actually just go in shape in the last quarter of the season and was essential for us in the midfield. Liked him a lot more than Gonzo to be honest. Pretty sure Shinji will end his career in Dortmund (also Bosz speaks japanese) so he is the first coach who actually can talk to him :D
Bomberman 64 most underrated game on the N64
Faceit League b what is that ? could someone explain?
Tres dos dos PROBABLY this means 322 ?!? :D
Jule or Sir Wiggle Wiggle
Hello sir could you tell me how many golden chests from treasure 2 you got ? My friend wanted to gift it to me and he was like on 2.2k compendium levels but only got 2 golden chests :D Is there an interesting item you're looking for? ( Im looking for the Lina golden thingy )
do you by any chance looking for a trade for the golden lina thing? I really cant wait for September 2018 :D
Bulba is again wearing the same outfit and same hat. Like for real, why? Gratz to DC
