dude.. wtf are u saying
so, a lot of plp sent gifts and stuff to win a "free" skin yet they didnt. keep thinking this isnt riot plan all along
he should have said "was garbage compared to the other TT Games"
keith pro career is so weird lol
if a random girl sexted me for no reason at all i would be so happy.
not sure if i have seen this in a movie, or i will soon..
suit up ted
tl;dr, why is tasting dog urine nsfw?
if u guys wanna know where the "inspiration" for this tat came from, probably a manga called prison school
a computer repair specialist for six years
i guess they arent really close.
i saw them at some manga popular sites a long time ago i think, google may help u more.
that´s what bothers me, werlib wasnt a bad top laner imo, giants weak link was adryh but w/e, lets see what happens on this new season
Hm... should i understand that plp peeking into others phones is something normal in usa? hm...
i dont understand the whole de ranking crap on cs go, honestly i dont see that in any other game. but, thats karma for u, enjoy.
i do believe the name of the arc is dumb, most plp use SA, since it wont spoil anything.
maybe, iwould like that but, the next arc is imo more epic so... a movie of that one would be better?
it was taken down? so no more multi-soloq?
so are u saying that lesbians are virgins forever? lol.. edit: i guess my comment its aimed more to mhaaad but im a reddit noob :v
dom prevented dat 5th dragon tho dude, dont be that guy
so, i heard plp wanted shorter games...
so, i heard plp wanted shorter games...
link to the vod? :D if there is any
no
I Would answer but dem reddit downvotes :&lt;
this guy knows
i swear if renegades loses to this..
why would u say that on the mic, this is advanced stupidity
she did otsu in gintama too
there are characters that stopped being used, like otsu and that purple prince (hata?) because those werent funny enough
watch the azumi movies, u will learn what happens to most students :D
we should get mods on this subreddit
this isnt a fair game to judge ren, but i think rf and crumbz needs to update their champion pool.
ayyyy
so? u have those.. hmm how do ppl call those volumen adjusting buttons? hmmm
perfection?
fear? terror? go watch penny dreadful :3, thats an amazing show
enough to not whine about such stupid reasons.
awesome
go for legends.
why the swearing dude? calm down
why would they keep the 20$? couldnt they at least give u back idk.. 3.50?
its funny when everyone stays there like "huh, what do we do now?"
gotta leave.
proven point?
fun fact, adding the 3 or 1 points system will help avoid those situations, pretty cool.
probably lol.
meh, its ok, do all that stupid stuff while u are a teen, thats the only way to learn.
pardon my ignorance, is there a huge diference between c++ and c#?
amumu?
bns pvp is wrong imo, it should be equalized on 6vs6 and 3vs3, non equalized on 1vs1. this way feels more rewarding. also, destroyer bots would have never been an issue
i super suck, what i do is work around X cooldown, at 4 stacks 2-f-lmb, usually by the end of the 10 secs of stage 4 searing palm i can start again. with FS i like to proc 4 stages of searing palm then activate fs and spam comet+lmb for 10 secs. now that we are here, sometimes the insta comet cd doesnt aply and i dont know why.
... yeah, we wouldnt like to have things like MYM, or things like the whole renegades/badawi, or something like chinesse teams dramafests, shall i continue?
so u dont want the scene to evolve? no one gives a fuck about a no nameish team, im extremely ok with these teams take over the scene as long as the big names of esports are still involved (fnc, tsm,navi,clg,g2,c9,liquid,dig,og,eg,...) pd: yeah, i want a navi serious league team.
league is dying since they released annie, and every new game is "the one that will kill league"
its should be giants or g2, spanish based orgs
well.. how many ultimate skins are out there? not like there are a ton. the ones they have should be the bests
we cant kill all the mosquitoes, we need to build a wall
are u saying that element owners didnt get any money and were forced to sell?
ofc, i know that :P, i just posted 2 different situations.
they cant do that..
Cool :3
liquid staff doesnt seem bad either.
and then rito went broke /s
i liked the anime, could been better, maybe ill pick up the games.
i remember that guy on the ... justin bieber roast? had someone joke something like " the only person who inhaled more smoke than snoop dog is Xguy dad at 9/11" it was super fuckd up but also so funny :(
the good ones?
i dont really follow cs go competitive scene so, u lost me there.
omg this!
now that u bring shameless up, mandy... or that asiatic girl lip meets at college
im trying my best to no laugh hard right now, im at work :(
so, im just lazy? thx m8.
no :&gt;
i want it to get movies. mass effect is the star wars of this generation, and imo, it could be better overrall... ill let myself out b4 angry nostalgic ppl bury me in downvotes
i will always hate bioware for misshandling this franchise so bad. after the awesome origins.. they decided to fuck it over, took away anything that made that one great and released 2 and 3 as almost hack and slash games, also the history... why couldnt they do what they did with mass effect?
have an upvote for playing this underrated gem
i had to scroll too much for this
wow, whats the problem with u
the lack of a gintama reference here puts me so close to crying :(
almost everyone lol.
that suicide mission, many ppl cheat the game by reloading after a companion dies somehow, carrying on with ur initial choices is the best.
go play life is strange then
i complaing about things like that sometimes, but there are a lot of things to do now... playing like 3-4 hours a day u cant even do all the thing avaliables. so, cant do ssp? do something else, thats what im doing. edit: that was b4 nebula event, now i can do ssp just normally, but i rather do things that feel more rewarding for my time like 4 man soguns and stuff
i tried to watch the tourneys on youtube, its not enjoyable... not like watching league or even cs go
just leave already :/ stop embarrassing yourself
we are gonna do it reddit?
a fucking idiot?
never, never ever, be an asshole to IT, some ppl understimate the things they can do to get back at you.
this didnt get golded? :(
lol
thats from a sit com..
Wait till chi master event that will probably be helpful
some reference to that will be on the movie, mark my words.
its funny how thats still a meme, he proved his point so far, since he said that the team (ren-&gt;envy) has been performing well enough.
aww man :(
read the name of that user
be like pastor maldonado, claim support to a fucking communist bunch of idiots that are in power, get their money so u can be placed in a team because moneyz, crash every 2 races and finish one in the whole year, the dream right there.
its like, pitcher throws, 5 secs of action, and ads, rinse and repeat.
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSPOILERS
i dont really like newish kpop tho, i "grow up" playing the korean version of the DDR, Pump It Up, and the music was awesome :3
there were games that lasted less than 30 mins.
let me quote something for you. promote: 2. To contribute to the progress or growth of. or 4 To attempt to sell or popularize by advertising or publicity. here, have a source http://www.thefreedictionary.com/promoting
i didnt get it :&lt;
i didnt get it :&lt;
U do understand that teams can still have imports right? just not 5 imports after 2 years..
i cover my mouth because teeth :&lt; it sucks
thats the whole point.
team liquid absent from this remembers me of the times when piglet arrived to na
why is that i come to this sub reddit like once every 2 or 3 months and i keep watching ppl mentioning league like this? i mean, get over it already... not a single fucking person talks about dota 2 in their reddit, why is the obsession with them still a thing?
they broke up after this. war is hell tho.
i dont follow dota 2 pro scene at all, i have seen previous TI finals but thats it, i ask because i kinda like the liquid franchise so...
no they dont, i enter league sub reddit daily and i haven seen a mention of dota 2 in months... and the fact that my post got downvoted proves how the inferiority complex that many of the dota2 players have has not improved yet. keep trying to bash league all u want, whatever makes u feel better.
last question, is this team liquid based on europe? i though liquid was an american franchise.
so im not the only one..
ic, thx.
nope, their halo team is from na, their league team too, that i know of.
fuck tnt man, and they ask why is ppl not using their tv anymore...
dying light is amazing
when you are poor as fuck, it doesnt even matter...
yeah but, im talking about new things.
phaymacy shopping can be stressful, i completely blacked out the first time i bought condoms, srsly, cant remember that and it must have been a super hard thing to do lol.
u got my attention at megaman legends 3: anything
he´s just the dude
why not? for some ppl the fact that their newly couple is accepted by their family is a big thing, there will be plenty of time to get pounded.
no, dont tell preformerr, just tell it to jasonml.
u know when ppl say "girls only like XX" kind of guy, and those XX are always an insult, then they go "thats not true, blablabla"? well... this.
her new best friend at least
this guy gets it.
omfg
wtf with $4000 u can spend a year... more than a year in my country living like a rich person, reminds me of that south park episode when kenny goes to rumania... say days:(
and that happened with w7? never tried it i think.. im not expecting it to fix shit
one of us, one of us.
venezuela, and i guess i dont need to add any more explanation.
there is no point on being "rich" here, u cant be on the streets after 6 pm unless u are a crazy mofo. its like the wild wild west with wifi
Deficio
fuck u noob, i do 1231231312k dps/min with my sword of moms visa
i have the perfect video for you https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKC6XmsLWVQ
eu is on vacations
ikr, im not even a tsm fan but i like the chanting, i wish there were more from for the other teams.
if anyone is wondering why riot stopped doing cosplay contest live on their tornament (if they ever did, i dont remember) this is the answer. and im grateful for that.
here in venezuela if u sleep in your car, its not gonna be your car anymore... and that´s the only thing that will happen, if u are lucky
i love how the 2nd place meme died.
didnt know there was a comic
they added an SPOILER ALERT! if u got spoiled after that. well... thats natural selection of some sorts
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
thing is, if they do the sequels, none of these actors will be on it, because it must be at "reing of chaos". i can only hope..
batman v superman was bad, yeah, not because of the trailers, or critics, it was bad because the whole concept of batman fighting superman was stupid as fuck. there is a diference. foe me, warcraft was a decent movie, with a lot of actors that wont appear on a sequel because it will be about grown up thrall, with the experience taken from the mistakes made here so, i hope they do a sequel and that ill be a lot better, the reing of chaos story is really good.
this, omg i cant believe he just compared lol lore to wow's
thing is RT gives it a unfair rating... its absolutely not a "must not see" movie like they said.
i would like to be asked this by hbo tho
TWD spin of, the tell tales one, it would be a lot better than that FTWD Fiasco
i love how it is turning into a "why apple?" thread
not just videogames, its CS... i mean there are a billion games to do stuff with, lets pick the riskiest one shall we?
i would love to work at hbo, they are such a nice group of ppl there, putting out so many amazing shows...
like a picture used in response, " sonic and the glass house" get it now for your 3ds
dochun is so unpopulated that i dont expect anyone to mention a clan here
u dont play as nazis, also u dont play as terrorists in rainbow six
xDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
i cant believe ppl gives away their pets, after watching this history, i could never do it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_VFm4KiRNU
i did not expect this. have your daily upvote
i saw that video and it is amazing how fast firefighters arrived, i know is kinda weird to say but im quite sure in my country they would have taken a lot more time to be there.
thx, just when i was about to click. my hero
this, we have adds too, but since seats are assigned, u can just enter in time for the movie only
but david... after all this time?
those fed tahm kenchs man.. so annoying.
it felt so "penny dreadful"ish, i loved it
i never understood ppl taking so much time pooping, i do that in like a minute always
is this a sillicon valley reference?
enjoy it, here en venezuela we cant even get the latam tourneys lol.
u cant just say the professional baseball teams from paraguay can beat any mlb team, and they will still be pro
lol... if he didnt do this already..
ikr, there is only one TOI for me. dem baium camps
i agree that ppl should use mn9 subreddit, but what else can we talk about here? that brand new megaman game that capcom showed at e3? wait !
for me is majoras mask, im almost alone on this but meh
dark doesnt mean bad tho
chains!
yuuup!
shame
is this feature being added to all the leagues or just lcs?
but dude, dota so hard how can a league pleb play it at pro lvl? /s
that kind of things is one of the few to make me kinda happy to live in a 3rd world country, no crazy shit like this or school shootings happen, no isis.. if only we could get rid of the "socialist" bs.
are u stan?
no need to be, time wasted having fun isnt wasted at all. Inb4 but ur playing ranked comments.
here we used to think like that, but i think the banks (puts on tinfoil) make their teller staff work slower and reduced the amount of people so clients feel forced to try out the new and fancy ATM.. thing is, people learned how to use them and now tellers are mostly visited by the elders, still slow as fuck compared to ATM.
its not beef, more like avoiding legal issues to come.
we do have a lot to worry about, just not massive shooting at schools or clubs on 31 dec. just saying..
all i wanna know, im kinda waiting for it to finally get legion :/
this, i dont think this was a "prorevenge" case, petty? sure.
worls collide was better than ignite if u ask me, not better than warriors tho.
replacing humans for machines at those kind of works is unfair, we need more moneis!
it is sad that ryu from bof cant make it to those games because it is named ryu and murikan kids would get confused, im all in for bof characters on this game :3
league has more champions than dota tbh this took too long. pd: i know dota has heroes.
what my gf does is sit near me and instagram the shit out of my cellphone batery, i even think she has almost or more of a fun time than me playing vg
i mean, i dont know what did u expect...
im guessing that u wanted to exclude pictures of oneself from your post but hey...
saying that the trailer was bad is borderline hating it because fuck it.
i learnered englando with playing le videogames.
i dont know what is a newt but i dont think anyone could avoid it, and even if that was prevented, it would happen on a later date.
idk honestly, i used to play dota 1 and we did captains mode, and the dota2 tourneys stream always had bans.
idk, when i tp im watching my landing spot and already clicking my next target minions/champ..
ill shit post ur post with my shit
i know this is a joke but isnt that fucked up? i mean, the way america decides whats bad for kids and what isnt edit: i mean this in a way more beyond point than a cigar.
i guess that if i played at low ping i would be able to do so.
am im the only one who find weird when male players use kinda femenine summoner names ? cool vid tho.
thx god the subbed version i got had translator notes for those things
yeah but it is a damn long arc tho
is it tho? i mean, could "ping" be related to ur physical prowess, so a guy like paquiao "plays" the life game at a really lower ping than i do?
btw, can someone explain further the whole timeslot thing? im guessing gintama didnt came back to be on the important part of the anime season on japan and then it was put on the late night section?
is there a + top? or just keeps going up forever
i dont have too much faith on hi-rez, being honest, i played a few of their games prior to this (global agenda being my favorite) and it sucks how they just stop caring about them after a while... i sure hope this doesnt happen to paladins, doesnt seem like it, things like this tournament makes me think they are in for real this time.
i didnt even see a bomb king being played, did they? i didnt watch the whole finals.
i didnt even know there was a yt stream, fucking twitch.tv lags a lot for me.
lol league dedgame, league in 2016 kappa
meh, twitch sucks a lot, thx god most of these tournaments are also streaming on YT, higher quality, can rewind and i dont have lag.
its like they wanna keep milking the franchise the wrong way
so battlerite is a dota kindaish game? releasing on steam? and they want me to pay for the game? huh...
was it in english? iirc the ogaming stream wasnt
well, times change, and this game seems like it will have micro transactions too, skins and stuff, like ir or not, this is a successful thing, why do u think dota2 and league are free and hon is dead?
man, now i want to play bioshock again.
global? not happening
u guys should watch it on tv, or at least turn ur tv on, support them.
thats crazy... trashtalking the last GOT season is just being a hater.
minions copied this https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/55/a5/61/55a561a00e35952223a0af0d31d01c1a.jpg
because they are pirates, caught pirates.
so it is like most of the movies done on my country
thats nolstalgia talking buddy, i did watch it for a lot of episodes waiting until they stopped using chroma characters but got bored.
when i first found out about sin city i though it was a max payne movie.
downvoting me wont put hillary on the office, neither is having all those "artists" crying about it 24/7
is this a south park reference?
probably because u are the person #3123123123123 to do that joke and after a while it just isnt funny, not rage inducing either.. just lame and annoying.
i only saw 4 posts open there, is it a real active subredit?
why would a random subreddit ban u if u dont even go there, lol..
Meh, i love league but i think its lore is really underwhelming, a movie or spin off game has been suggested a thousand times but i just dont see how they could do it. maybe they can do a game related to one of the cities and avoid the whole "league" aspect.
now this is a cool suggestion.
maybe, the whole restart thing gives me a life is strange feel tho.
this is why i opened the thread
on the other side, i used to be able to buy rp lets say 3 or 5 years ago, refund tokens are pretty much useless to me and im quite sure they dont make them a lifetime thing because everyone including me would refund pfe in less than a minute.
yeah, i member.
i mean, the fact that it is a batman vs superman movie is stupid to put it nicely, thats like saying batman vs goku or something like that.
potential? warcraft, imo they went full greedy and wanted to do a shit ton of movies, so they started at a point that no one gives a fuck about, we wanted to see warcraft 3, arthas, illidan, grown up thrall
see? now i know u are trolling me and i wont reply anymore
I love how someone downvoted u but didnt say why... stay classy reddit
this, i can spend one day in the house without even seeing him, other day he might sleep on my bed for hours, doesnt bother me at all.
first world issues
potential =/= final product.
it should have been a trilogy for w3+frozen throne
i dont remember the actress, who was it?
im surprised and happy this game got mentioned
thing is, people bash 100 hours of gameplay just because the last 5 mins (ending ) "sucked" , i got the feeling that bioware wanted to express "sometimes u try ur best and still get fucked" it was a sad moment but by no means it makes it a bad game.
sadly it doesnt get the love it deserves.
here
i have replayed this game too many times.. and after that i watch the cinematics from rise and fall of the lich king.. amazing.
i cant believe i had to scroll this much to find megaman, my boy is getting forgotten.
askreddit, mostly because i know after 2k replies no one will read mine.
dear god..
and im guessing trump decided how usa election system works right?
that 4th spot is for team liquid. /thread
are u a girl? i mean, i have seen those "real histories" about girls selling their virginity on craiglist and shit like that.
bacon, everything else is irrelevant
its weird, this series seems to release a chapter every 2 weeks? and then we have to wait a month for every chapter to be translated lol.
did it happen with toronto? if yes -&gt; probably yes.
saying "finishing top 4" would mean that was the requirement, it wasnt.
yeah, worlds should last at least 6 months and have double elimination brackets /s
cant blame it on bo1, all the teams on the group played bo1, git gud.
closest we have to that is IEM and no one cares about iem.
the downvotes made this even funnier, stay salty eu
dont worry, ill pm u the results on time.
im more hyped by so4 and psg on challenger than eulcs
good luck with that.
is there a site where i could look up for ramdon scripts? edit: thx for the replies.
that logo sucks
well, i dont like to share my pizza..
this
no buildup == shock value.
i watch it on english, then i wondered "how the hell are they gonna translate that explanation?" well, at least on spanish they failed hard.
clannad was really cool until they pulled the rollback timetravel bs, i hate when shows do that, unless it is something like steins gate and i know from the beggining that something like that will happen.
fuck if i know, it is a cat so probably sleeping.
lucky him
nadie espera la inquisicion española
only time i used lan support i got borderline trolled by the staff (spanish one)
or maybe giants jungler is that good?
not sure if trolling
y este fue el extraño momento en el que me corrigen el uso del español en reddit. pd: tienes razon, sin embargo, lo escribi asi aproposito.
:3
i dont get it
i understand u
those adds werent annoying at all tho, thats the way adds should be.
but huni so bad aint that right reddit?
For some reason when i see poppy i always remember dragon age.
now imagine if riot had done something like the creators of bioshock and the scuttler was changed for a little sister.
cool, didnt get to pbe test it, now im ready to hit solo q asap.
i still see some good zed players around, and they do ok.
zed is not atrox lvl tho.
imo arm cannon tristana is a legit concept, u guys should could easily make it better than pfe by now.
ww could be a bit of free elo on lower elo.
did u reprot them? edit: im blind af, didnt read that.
old poppy was my first penta in a ranked game, :'&gt;
well, a lot of the early champions were like that, i wonder why they never gave us a perma bash troll warlord one tho, that shit was made so much people rage back then.
this is probably said already but show spoilers is checked by default, shouldnt be.
by network logs u mean ip and stuff? because i know a lot of people that play regularly on different places, even on the same day (I.E: friends who play at their work and then from home)
what the hell did u just made me watch
it had nothing to do with na
because bo3 would be boring at cs level, not saying my opinion but riot´s
it would have skt shaped mushrooms, people trying to step on those would die and the mushroom remains intact.
aparte, seguro el carajo va a hacer ese trabajo a domicilio.. asi sea a 2 cuadras de tu casa esa comodidad se paga..
it all depends on the situation, every game is different.
post them so we non morde players know plz
?
(4) Team Liquid
dont say that because real ending haters will come at you
:&lt;
it is.
for me its emotionally devastating that i cant get legion until blizz decides to launch that blizztoken that is around in the test realm.
this is the kind of things that movies cant seem to give anymore, the inmmersion that some games have is way superior than almost all the movies done nowadays.
this is way too low imo, for me is the best AC, just a lil bit over brotherhood
maybe he never could get on that train.
that moment when im on my promo´s and someone picks teemo.. yeah, league is equally devastating.
remember when people used to shit talk koreans and their shacos "omg i got a fucking noob korean"
dont be that guy.. no one likes that guy.
fruits punch samurai*
megaman legends 2 is way better than the first one imo, get it somehow and play it.
i wonder how can i insult you without getting banned from this sub
wtf
dear lord...
saved
its a shame that cait got hit this hard just before the season starts, piglet can be a beast with her. he didnt like the varus jhin meta, this split if things doesnt change that much, we will see his true potential again.
which is weird because reddit is anonymous while twitter isnt, unless these are random acc
well, its IEM so..
If you pandas are from mountainous areas of China and Tibet, how come you eat bamboo, which is prone to grow only in drier, more arid regions?
well, were i live we dont take kindly to pandas.
sure a really tryhardish person could guess who i am on real life, maybe, but non random useless twitter accounts normally have pics, real name and a lot more personal info. i understand that a lot of people here use throaway accs to post personal histories on reddit too.
&gt; or products and groceries no longer being available on the shelves. so, becoming venezuela?
how did i never see this masterpiece before lol
best of the year by far.
this was the perfect chance to see ocelote play again. sad.
bayonetta has a good history? you need to expand your videogames library a lot buddy.
oh yeah, for a hack and slash it does have a cool history, i missed that part
just do it, you are not gonna marry that.. human being.
people still act as if the "wc" regions are still really weak.
i have a very extremist religious friend, he doesnt bother anyone but it makes me a bit sad that he wastes his life doing absolutely nothing because his religion tells him so (adventist), he basically just does a house/work/chuch routine till his death.
really? where is scrim cod fenix now? :/
Ronaldo peña cant score even if his life depends on it.
wolfburg isnt the best team to handle young promises.
from mls herrera is the only u20, the others are older.
should have asked for age too
wtf i was like "must be bullshit" then i saw it on the wiki
its weird, i remember fenix wanting out of competitive scene because of the stress, he ended playing on the challenger series after, i guess he just wanted out of TL
everything is a mobile game nowadays.
one can only wonder, if they could scout talent like that, what the hell happened with this org
how many years has impact on na? how many more till he can play as an NA player?
it wasnt a masterpiece or anything but even if i dont like at all that kind of games, i liked that one, the dlc with the girl is scary as fuck too.
this is the french one? or the brothers in london ? i liked the first, the later was kinda meh
there is a fucking website for this lol.
why is that you dont just make a coherent clear post of your point instead of just posting this?
the guy also said he practices more than most, he tries really hard, what makes you think he doesnt know his flaws?
a good question that sadly wont reach front page edit: lol, i dont even know why im being downvoted when i really wanted this post to live.
pugmaw :3
we need hai
funny, your reply came 6 days later, i guess thats kinda the same amount of time i would have to wait in queue for a match on this game so im not surprised. begone edgykid, im not even going to say anymore than i didnt spend a single dollar on league and i have all the content that isnt purely cosmetic.
well, i enjoyed every second of it, its not the mmo annoying type of grinding, so whats the problem? try to trashtalk the game all you want, i guess that you havent found people to fill a queue in your dead game. but hey, remember, league is the retarded one.
these seem like really simple skins tho.
its not like h2k's is a groundbreaking desing or anything.
reverse genders and people would be so upset.
on a similar note, i just noticed that rakan has this quote "when i feel sad i stop being sad and be awesome instead" god i love this game, true history.
see kids? this is why clueless people should not post their thoughts on the internet.
while giving you life steal at the same time so you end up mitigating it.
then fuck him, he is a profesional player, tell the (your favorite mlb, nba or whatever) coach to not bench an underperforming player because his nerves would get worse. it doesnt happen in the real world, you are either up to the task or you arent.
&gt; Hey Arnold and Rocket Power i like you
&gt; Sam always liked Freddie which is why she teased him because she was the token tomboy and obviously had a rough home life so, hey arnold all over again?
ikr? that almost killed the show for me
it is mostly people that likes rick+andrea from the comics, which feels better imo but hey..
da fuq
i had something like this happen years ago, always though about telling him about it, didnt do it, they broke up anyways so..
so, reddit in a nutshell
i will try this if the priority adcs are banned, the shield thing makes sense.
you didnt get the joke
i mean, skins USA sucked
why is people watching nacs this season if none of those teams will be able to bypass the franchising wall?
im sure the first one was more demoralizing to team liquidfans.
ads are getting smarter
i will cut you
meh, i never understood the hate this movie got
&gt; got busted for being a pervert and a pedophile and spent time in prison. i mean, in most places this/rape is the worst thing that can send you to jail, im guessing he got what he deserved.
tali /thread
Fuck that, i have x and sigma, fill the rest of that with monopoly tokens for all i care.
If capcom give us x5 song for that fight ill jizz so hard
main reason why this is not happening.
this should be in the OP post...
which is very hypocritical for guy who has all coming from challenger series..
yes
why is that most of the people here asume that bjersen would leave tsm?
i do want to watch quas games on tempo storm, hoping that with franchising a team will pick him up.
they even have a cat now, for animal equality! http://static.lakana.com/media.fox29.com/photo/2017/01/10/monopoly%20game%20new%20tokens%20hasbro%20ap_1484066004359_2524165_ver1.0.png
&gt; The ability to eat anything and not go overweight would be amazing. we already have that, or i do at least, in fact... i would love to be a bit fat (picture me as a really skinny guy)
tell this to kids who whine about the mass effect 3 ending
sandstorm even have some unique animations :/
there are indeed some wild places on reddit.
why post here then?
now we need a cblol english cast and we are set.
go for it imo, if you have the talent getting out there will put you in the spotlight and who knows? im one of those who wants to watch cb lol but portuguese is annoying.
sub question: how many of the protests posted here were about a goverment change? like leading to voting or something related.
yeah, not how it works.
probably, didnt get relegated regardless
minus the part where TL got relegated.
imagine football players leaving the pitch before the match ends, it would be seen really bad.
i dont have a question but ill say i hope to see quas back at the lcs soon, gl guys.
makes you wonder, when was the last time morgana was a viable pick for competitive?
last time i checked le blanc uses that and the clones deal 0 dmg
whats the difference between mineral and spring? serious question btw, i see mineral water being sold here normally.
the old hollywood hacker setup
"you are about to hack time, are you sure?" this seems like the kind of stupid shit u can find on nikita, and that crappy show lasted like what? 5 seasons?
wow
even if it was a reboot of naked gun there is no excuse for a show that wants to be taken serious and have moments like "let me use this super secret hacking program that will pop up a giant window that says HACKING AT #%" for everyone in the world to see with a cute loading bar"
only the video player was shit, the rest was good.
you can join us on the city of light, no pain and all the yahoo esports you want
well, at least gamespot player works in opera so, yeah. everytime i wanted to see an article from yahoo esports i had to use an alternative browser, most of the time i just said "fuck it"
most of the people who play fifa on a pc use a joypad anyway.
are those couches black? do they have a lot of cameras around?
&gt; newer phones are getting rid of sim cards. wait what?
well, i have tried all of them recently, i kinda do a side job of fixing pc´s and stuff, im not gonna point facts im not sure about so ill just say that after testing all the one that i found the best for my needs was opera, mostly the way i can handle my marked sites.
ikr? makes me a bit sad
Okkusenman! i see your megaman 2 willys castle song and i raise with this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVePn3L3RW4 megaman legends 2 opening theme. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cPkWgFniiY mother zone. and my favorite NES one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoJdzEMZyAU megaman 3 W-3
but kkoma isnt from germany
that would be dumb. yeah they are a meme team but people understimate big gods, even the worst challenger teams have a higher skill lvl than any random challenger queue squad.
did you start watching lcs a couple of weeks ago?
i loved old poppy, it was the champ i used for my first ranked pentakill
idk, no artist puts down previous disc right? im not into spotify but it seems logical
yeah i know, br fans were more hyped about baiano tho?
&gt; im not into spotify
will it have a lot more of censorship? that kind of things is like remaking deadpool pg13 with adam sandler
dude, you are the kind of kid these react channels look up for their "do they know" videos..
So?
Yeah hahaha that happened to me a few times when i had long heavy metal style ha ir, fucking funny
legit question, do you dislike esports or just the pop ups?
&gt; It's not getting streamed on YouTube fucking esl denies me the eucs now? i hate this
yeah i know, those pop ups are annoying on lan and we get only a few, i think they know that the most annoying part of them is the place they appear..
how dare you not be part of the reddit hive mind?
i used to play this on the pump it up all the time https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpYOgWhe8lE slam by novasonic
lets see if it takes me 14 seconds to write the following "this kind of post is extremely stupid, stop doing them" yep, and i got a couple of secs left.
my first pentakill on a ranked game, it was with poppy. also, the first time i hit diamond i was really happy.
well, next time it will read "at 4 am" so it isnt a repost right? right? fuck.
for fuck sakes..
oh i see, they casted bean because of this, best casting people ever.
dont you dare shittalk v for vendetta ill hunt you.
we have a saying that pretty much implies nothing´s wrong with that. wanna bet where i am from?
we didnt even become a couple so i was sad just for a few days, it teached me to not try to be the sitcom romantic guy and said fuck it, ill just be myself, and here i am in a really happy relationship.
Let it go, its over now
so maybe, if the list is this long, we are the normal ones?
why are you downvoted? legit question i dont even know what reddit sync is
zuna? /runs for his life. pd: i actually did a search and came out with this. Byerley Senior Member 06-16-2014 He's streaming Wildstar professionally now; LoL is dead. i lmao every year with the new game that will kill league.
3 months and we already have websites with detailed info and stuff, im both a lol and a dota player and it infuriates me every year how you cant find detailed info about the international until like less than a week from the start of it.. so great job riot and 3rd party people that cover that info, you rock.
&gt; "change ur character mid-game" feature does this happen in competitive OW? if yes, that sucks a lot.
why is that?
im so hyped about this, after all the riot "we want smaller venues" for eu and na worlds, if this works out it can set the trend.
come watch TL, best team ever
I think this is meant as "non murican"-"murican"
oh yeah, the daft punk song
it was a lot better than road trip. i liked it
so they actually have this kind of news there? i though it was a how i met your mother joke
i never used my refunds because the time slot for an item to be refundable was really short :/, and they did that because a lot of people would refund PFE, why not fix that now?
this only happens if you are bad at this game, a good player is always capable to know what its team is doing, stupid as it may look
yeah, everytime someone uses ? not to call mia, insta mute.
not extreme at all, its all about yourself letting them tilt you with thay nonsense. they do it after the minimun mistake and if you dont put an early end to it, they will try to tilt you (stupid af if u ask me but hey, its soloq)
the only real answer here
this is what i get from this, its not hard for inori to do at least what RO is doing, and finally we can get a decent mid laner?
daily reminder that riot still allows picks phase to taken hostage by a troll
the FH18 videos always do it, and amateur stuff, reddit is good for that.
how can you have areddit account if reddit isnt real?
a man identifying himself as a woman isnt normal either but hey? look at how much downvotes i will get.
mmos can be addictive, the good ones, if you are like me and tried a thousand mmos you know that getting addicted to wow is a thing because wow is good, i dont regret the time i spent gaming but i guess i didnt get "addicted"
this game wasnt as bad as people like to think, the reason it has so much hate is the hype built around it, same reason we will never see half life 3.
&gt; You dont have to practice 70hours a week on board games every week and then an additional 70 hours to analyse how your family tends to play those board games to counter them pff thats why u always lose son.
can they be rescued tho?
this guy... doesnt fuck
you are asuming that passi1612 is in kindergarten..
yes
but the modeling isnt good, thats the only defect i found to this skin, maybe a more round (one of the few times this works) generic head/flame spirit thing would be better.
he didnt even type it in game, wtf is this? i swear some people on reddit live just to make drama, and thats sad.
aw, here it goes.
agreed, who needs a map?
i would instabuy those megaman ones.
im like stan, i wont cut my TL wristband
so, no mirror, no youtube reuploads, not even screenshots? where is my reddit gone?
trying to trashtalk me for being a liquid fan? do you think i envy you for taking the easy bandwagon route of being a fan of the strongest team you could find out there? yeah.. try harder next time.
i mean, its faker tho.
all i need is my megaman 64
are you comparing inquisition ending to the me one? i dont get this.
lemme tell you, most of the people know a shit ton of quality life pro tips and they still dont do them because they are lazy, or afraid of failure.
i always wonder why riot stopped animating face movement when talking, thats the thing i like the most about jarvan.
south park :3
:(
i dare anyone to find something like this done by goldenglue on his entire career.
lol they kicked the black guy for no real reason other than "intuition"? on first round... not fishy at all.
the hero he needs.
it means "go chile fuck yeah"
me calmare cuando saquemos a maduro, es facil decir calmate cuando se esta viendo desde afuera.
so, you cheated on him?
a lot of people hate mmsoccer, it wasnt perfect but everytime i look at mario strikers i think "this is megaman soccer done right"
que te hace pensar que lo unico que hago al respecto es comentar en reddit esto?
because it had porn. edit: seems i forgot to add "/s"
