Dying to know about your experience of this "church"!
Wait, what ? Why? What is the connection between drugs and restaurants?
Mute her. Unfollow or "hide all posts from ..." Options are your friends. Less pushback than defriending or blocking, same practical outcome.
Blocking her might have been the answer, that way you still see what your brother posts.
Report the post, mute the poster. Fuxking disgusting. Or retaliate in kind, send them (privatley) a picture of a shit you are particularly proud of, with a note about how you thought they would like it as they seem so interested in this stuff etc. See if they get the message then.
Flower of Scotland -- Scotland
Canada -- Fireworks, Tagically Hip If there's a goal that everyone remembers, It was back in ol' 72 We all squeezed the stick and we all pulled the trigger And all I remember was sitting beside you You said you didn't give a fuck about hockey And I never saw someone say that before
Australia -- Waltzing Matilda
You'd be a good parent then. My father would have laid waste to the little bastards. Only... One at a time, so they have time to get scared, and surreptitiously so it can never be linked it you. But, vengeance, yes.
You're in Sydney ?
Yeah that guy was not a friend, he was an asshole you knew once.
I loved you all right, just wasn't brave enough to say; I'd do anything for that time back so I could treat you better.
I really hope the heart attack didn't hurt for too long. I love you Dad.
Worst I ever heard: taking a girl to a porn theatre on a FIRST DATE. (Clearly this was years ago when they still existed.) Hope I don't have to explain why that was bad.
Well, my Dad would still be alive, so I guess I'd be grateful for that.
I very much want to track this guy down and give him a taste of his own medicine. With the right kind of wire and everything.
YOU CAN'T JUST SAY THAT AND LEAVE IT!! WHAT HAPPENED??
You had to get up at 4:30am? Blimey! Why? I know you said the commute was two hours, but if your school starts at 9am like most do, and your commute meant you had to leave at 7am... that's still 2.5 hours unaccounted for. Did you have early morning sports or some thing? Ice time and pool time can be scheduled pretty early I know, was that it?
Myself, miscarrying.
Did he think he HAD to join up?
What, really? You were asleep at the wheel *lucid dreaming*?
Ask people about their favourite subject -- themselves! Express interest, admiration, and enthusiasm (ideally these will be genuine) and Bob's yer uncle. It's not hard, most people are really quite interesting.
If it's happened more than once... Is there any possibility you could be bringing these monologues about by being TOO quiet? Some people are made nervous by silence and feel they have to fill it.
Wasn't this the kids show replete with drug references? Didn't the makers also come up with a series called Liddsville which was even worse? And lastly if I have the right series, didn't the main character who was only 12-15 when it was being shot, didn't eh age REALLY poorly and die at the age of 50 or so due to all the drugs? Edit: Jack Wild was 16 and 17 when he shot the series, although he played an 11-12 year old; also it was mouth cancer that killed him, which he maintained was the result of the alcoholism that plagued him from his teens. Aged terribly, and not just because of the cancer.
You kidding? It was only ever creepy pasta right? RIGHT?
Apparently Gene Simmons holds the copyright on the term OJ for orange juice, simply because no one had copyrighted if before he thought of it.
Bee tee dubs, your parents sound like bastards.
What a pair of cunts they must have been. No, what am I saying, cunts are *good*!
Holy fuck, where are these assholes getting the fucking nerve to say this stuff!
That wasn't what I said. If this was on a date, it's an opportunity for the two of them to get to know each other, so presumably, if she were interested in him, she might have stopped talking long enough to ask a question or two. If she NEVER directed the conversation to him, well, kinda looks like she didn't care about what he had to say. The other possibility is that he was *so* silent it unnerved her a bit; lots of people get scared by silence and might jabber to fill it. I mentioned that in a different comment.
got turnt with milk?
My old boss. That bitch made my life hell.
Alone in the office pretty late (things at home I was avoiding), pick up the phone to a woman screaming "you gotta help me!" Line goes dead.
"Proof" in this context means the test of something. The test of the pudding is in the eating ( which is the rest of the expression) meaning, whether it tastes good. Put it another way: the only way you can tell if a thing is good is by partaking of it and finding out.
Like taking candy from a baby... Wouldn't the baby scream it's fucking head off? Those critters are already incredible sound producers, and quite fond of their sweeties.
&gt; She would have been believed as a matter of course, I would have been imprisoned on her word alone, convicted on nary more than her say so, and thrown into a concrete box for a decade or more. This is a bizarre fantasy. It is not how the system works at all.
The bloke who stabbed you leg might have been going for your femoral artery. If he'd hit you would have bled out rapidly.
You know that many too, you just don't realize it (I'm assuming here you have female friends / relatives / women in your life.) It's really common, people just don't tend to talk about it and even then only in circumstances where they KNOW they won't be judged. Do you know four women? The estimate is one in 4 (or even one in 2!) is a victim of sexual assault at some point, so there you are, you know a rape victim. If you have a mom, Grandma, sister/s, favorite aunt, well based on the odds, one of them has been attacked. If you know 8 women, likely two have been sexually assaulted. Etcetera. Thinking about it like this might bring it home how shocking prevalent sexual assault is.
I'm sure you're right; was just responding to the ridiculous claim made above.
FYI you responded to different person than the OP; am pretty sure the OP is just trying to get a rise out of you anyhow.
You're right, sexual assault is not the same as rape, but then again sexual assault is rarely as mild as butt touching; if it were surely the figure would be 100%.
Nope, wrong. I heard about that study too, but this is a figure that predates that one.
You got it! No actual cats involved.
Now you're talking -- sounds fantastic!
It's almost like redditors think about sex all the time!
I'm so sorry for your loss; but yes, what a gift that is.
That's the kind of thinking I like!
SO hope you're kidding.
Also, it usually takes women longer, so you might want to start on her first.
She was a fuxking idiot yeah, I kinda thought she was an insulting take on a female character and set up the kind of dichotomy you used to get 20-40 years ago I.e. Woman is helpless/useless/active liability, man somehow overcomes her shit as well as the situation at hand to save the day. Pretty regressive actually. I wondered if she was meant to elicit a reaction from the men in the audience, you know, a bad one.
What, would he be able to give lessons in pussy-licking? Awesome! Always knew Jesus was my favorite hebe.
Nike?
No, and believe it or not, porn lied to you on that front (and others.)
Oh, gotcha.
Used a card catalogue in the library. Also understood the dewey decimal system, at least a bit, and got information out of encyclopedias. Computers existed, of course, and the library might have indexed much of its collection, but much else about information- gathering was analogue.
Word
That edit is a really good point and so very true.
That high self esteem culture thing has actually worked out quite badly for the poor feckers raised in it, who are coming into adulthood and the shocking realization that a lot of what they were told was a lie AND they are unprepared for life's ups and downs. Ironically, it leads to low self-esteem.
Nb the right *kind* of hard work, expended in the right way (because people who work shitty minimum wage jobs work plenty hard and it barely allows them the resources to live.)
Licking pussy is a rarity? Does that mean in your circles getting your cock sucked is also a rarity? Fair's fair.
So you're saying cocksucking *is* a rarity in your world? Perhaps if you were to lead the way to oral pleasure your fortunes would change.
That "If they don't fit/ you must acquit" mantra was bullshit then and it's bullshit now. There was no compulsion on the jury or anyone else to acquit based on that alone, which goes x1000 when you consider how the defence manipulated the situation ie getting him to stop taking his arthritis medicine so his joints swelled.
It sounded like you were saying giving oral to a girl is a rare thing, versus getting oral from a girl which is kinda taken for granted, therefore the girl would/ should be grateful. I'm saying that's not fair, if you don't give you don't deserve to get. What you wrote above, that "the average guy would not do" pussy-licking confirms my original interpretation ie that you think she should be grateful, because it's so rare for a guy to do it (?) Nb i explicitly asked if both pussy-licking and cocxksucking were rare in your world and was completely confused by the answer "If more women did that, men would be encouraged to up their oral game."
Apart from anything else, to my eyes it looks like they *do* fit.
Women of reddit who like to give blowjobs: there's been a lot of talk about the power you feel while doing it /from doing it; do you feel any actual *physical* pleasure from it?
So it's both a mental thing (the joy it gives *him*) and a physical thing ( it makes you wet) okey doke.
Oh, ok, makes much more sense.
Wasn't he still married to his first wife then?
Psst: ovaries *aren't* in vaginas. Look above the vagina (birth canal), above the cervix, and to one side of the uterus and there they are!
I'm So sorry you feel this way. What steps could you take to change it, starting now, or let's says tomorrow morning?
That's true of you and almost everyone else.
Ok what's the joke I'm not getting?
Yay you for making so much progress. And blimey, you sound like don draper! Is it cool to have wild times to look back on --- wild times that stand in such contrast to your current life? Or were those times so traumatic (running away hints at an unhappy family life; being a survival sex worker can't have been fun) you try not to think about them?
That's really smart. Will use.
There's a Hanukkah bear?
He might have been thinking to himself if that wretched conflict dragged on even longer, his adorable elementary school aged son would eventually been fed into the maw. You were 12 when it ended... Another 6 years of that quagmire and he might have been right.
Why? Why did she tell you this?
Jeeee-suz! So the female body *doesn't* shut that whole thing down after all?
My brother would do this when it came to cleaning out the Guinea pig cage; he said it needed "a woman's touch" [ rolls eyes ] since most of ours were female. I'd put perfume on the newspaper and everything. On I'm so sorry for the stink Bon Bon and Whiskers!
Not sure if you're kidding.
What the hell is he talking about?
You pregnant?
You sound like a wonderful dad. Your house must be filled with joy.
Pain? Suffering? What HAPPENED?
"Meet celebrities"? So there's even *more* to this story? Also how long ago was this? Were your parents looking for you? Did you ever reconcile with them, or let them know you're ok?
Right, because resources were scarce and if you missed out no one would care or notice, sounds rough.
I did not. Was being sarcastic.
You should write a book.
I'm not suggesting it was a *rational* fear, just the kind of fear a father might have clutch at his heart. I would, in his shoes. (Also, he had no way of knowing when the draft would end.)
Yeah I bet it would be challenging piecing it all together... but dang it *I* would buy that book!
What, young men could go off to war at 17 with parent's permission? Jee-suz!
Is this a thing for parents to lie about now? Why?
For the purposes of the movie they had to show *what* people died of, at least partly for shock value (i.e. that kid in 70's gear with the massive gunshot wound in his head, that had me sleeping with the light on for months.) People who die at peace probably have less to stick around for; like if you knew you had cancer or something you would sort things out with your nearest and dearest, and you might not be as confused as to whether you were alive or not as a sudden death might make you. (cough*Bruce Willis*cough)
THe fact that other people have it worse does nothing to alter this guys story. Also, it's the law, that minimum wage. They were breaking the law, to his detriment and apparently expecting him to go along with it.
What did they *think* they were doing? Did they think people were not generally aware of the minimum wage or what level it was? What did they think that you would have thought gave you a reason to stick around? Like, were they selling it to you as a management trainee position or something? Also, did you ever get paid for that shift? (Or, even better, did you don them in?)
You sound like a really good guy. Yay you!
You're right about the facts, but unpaid interns get exploited nonetheless. Also plenty of shady employers fiddle the system to get around it somehow.
Sorry if this is a dumb question, but where are these guys getting the money for blow? It sounds like a shitty job (no offence) Were they paid well? Also milking the clock for OT sounds like an ideal way of getting back at an employer you don't like so yay them.
That sounds awesome, you could read, draw, study, play guitar, apply for new jobs and get paid for it!
SEVEN trees? Are they all themed? Pic plz!
Yay you!
30? This shit goes back to the 60s, so more like 50.
What money? What fame?
There never will be, statute of limitations.
The *bathroom* has it's own tree? Blimey! (And the piano has it's own room? Luck-ee! I had to share with my brother.)
No, sadly, or the old bastard would be on trial/ in jail.
Care to elaborate?
For me it's red wine that does this.
She grounded YOU?
Completely agree.
Chose it. It's a short form of my middle name, which is handy but coincidental. Two people I knew and admired growing up had the name, but again, coincidence. A specialist name - diviner (yes there is such a thing) told me it was to do with desiring freedom and he might have been right. But really I just liked it, and *hated* my birth name.
&gt;He would sign them up for cards without their consent and make current employees sign up for them How is either of these things legal? You said he got fired, so I guess it caught up with him, but what did he *think* was going to happen?
Courtney Love talking about her sobriety while wasted at the 2012 comedy roast for Pamela Andersen http://youtu.be/_lEcEXcrALc At 1.20 she slurs she's been "clean and sober for a year" and at 6.10 Jimmy Kimmel actually says in response to the same claim "I hope that's not true; if this is what you're like when your sober you've got problems." See also Jenna Jameson's interview about her sobriety when she was clearly wasted and Anna Nicole Smith doing the same thing.
E ... (Don't know why I just did that.)
That fucking bastard. I hope he goes the same way, the evil fuck.
What is this from. Goodfellas?
I'd say "sociopath" hits the nail on the head; might even be on the kind side. Also that vibe-sensing mechanism of yours, that's a valuable gift you got there... Don't ignore what it tells you. It might save your life one day.
What is a growler?
Believed you til the bit about your roommate blowing you.
So you got back * twice* what you sacrificed over that hellish 1.5 year, *and* his little girl survived? Score!
What causes or doesn't cause autism.
They cuffed the victim? Jesus, does sexual assault have a zero tolerance policy now?
Exactly. If a woman had done this it would have been grist to the "men raped by women" mill. The gay dude assaulted him, no two ways about it.
Me too! Used it once, learned my lesson. It sounds so *mild* though...
Dude the pressure on men to be bread-winners is a reason to *support* the erosion of the wage gap, not moral high ground for you to occupy. Why the hell *should* guys always be expected to shoulder the bulk of the economic responsibility, except that, er, due to this wage gap, they have to as their partner is likely to earn less. Also, a big part of the reason for women "taking time off" and " taking long breaks" as you mention above seems a bit glossed over. They aren't surfing the beaches of Hawaii, they're most likely raising children -- a task that falls to them because, in part, their partner is likely making more money. Once again, why shouldn't it be men who get to "take time off" and bond with their children? It's the most common thing for older people to regret later in life apparently, missing out on their kids growing up due to work. Tl;dr The wage gap hurts men too.
Wait, why? What is their objection to 911?
God love you for turning this experience into a reason to help others. Your co-workers who made fun of her can eat a bowl of dicks.
People working in Walmart or retail generally needn't be stupid; they might be college students, recent immigrants, or just denied opportunity -- have we learned nothing from the disaster of 2008? Plenty of young graduates came out with no fucking chance of a job in their field or a job at all, yet they still had to pay student loans. Tl;dr Just because you're the customer doesn't mean you're superior.
Just how much that heart attack hurt my dad and how long it took for him to die. (Nb not much/ not long is the answer I'm hoping for.)
Australian: swear like a fucking trooper, ya cunt.
Yeah it does, it really does. Possible TMI: he was on the toilet -- apparently this is common, often the incipient attack feels like an upset stomach or even just the plain old need to shit -- and made it down the hallway (10 feet?) to the phone (5 feet?); the next part of the story concerns someone calling him and hearing only gurgling (nb I have to admit this part of the timeline confuses me.) So he was alive long enough to get to the phone, but not to call anyone, which suggests it would have taken less than a minute. On the other hand, the gurgling makes it seem like he was alive after getting the phone in his hand but couldn't summon the strength to dial, but *could* push the pick up button. It's the gurgling that haunts me. The gurgling. *sniff*
Oh, this is really good to know! Thank you; it was the gurgling that got to me, the thought that he was trying to form words and ask for help and just couldn't -- and of course the idea that he was scared or in pain. But if what you're saying is the case, and it *wasn't* an attempt at speech, if it was in fact just a body reaction, well, yes, that's great. It wasn't *him* doing it, and it certainly doesn't indicate a presence of life, it was something his meatsuit was doing without him. So he would have felt something while on the lav, something that was enough to make a move to the phone, and then probably dropped once he had the phone in hand. That sounds like a matter of seconds of pain, and then he was gone. That's so much better than what I feared. THANKYOU!!! Really, thank you. I'm bawling over here, but I can't tell you how glad I am to hear he didn't suffer/ suffer much. Thanks again.
People need what they need from you. If they can't get it from you, they don't cease to need it, so it's not personal. (nb I'm thinking here of employers.)
That thing your mom told you about ignoring a bully and they would go away? Horseshit. Pick your battles, I mean don;t punch out your boss, but pushing back with some people is often enough to get them to take their cowardly ways and try it on someone else. They are looking for the path of least resistance -- don't let that be you!
Yeah, you really did. (nb you're right, I was not game to look up the gurgling.) :-)
Is this in that area south of Richmond that used to be kinda industrial and now is getting all spiffy?
Oh my God! I'm so sorry! What a thing for you to live with and think about. If we can go towards a trusty platitude, the final minutes of his life are minor compared to the love he generated and experienced in the years before them. You and other people he loved were probably the last thing on his mind. He is with you always. Once again, I'm so sorry. Thanks for reaching out.
I'm so sorry, that sounds hellish. It's a weird fact but yes, the fact that he wasn't struck down by something that necessitated a lengthy and painful recovery is a strange consolation. Don't get me wrong, if there was an option to have him here, I would take it in a second, hard-to-watch recovery and all, but he was a very proud man, one who for the most part kept his dignity, independence, and mobility to the end, and the fact is I know how that struggle would have stripped the heart out of him. I might take you up on your offer re: getting in touch, sometimes this gets to me more than other times. *sniff*
This is really good to know. Discomfort followed by unconsciousness, followed by God taking him by the hand if you believe in that (and my Dad did, so...) Thanks for you account, and I hear you on the risk factors, but the fact is if I were to face death now, I think I would step into it willingly to be with my Dad again. (But I know he wouldn't want that, so...)
Thanks, that's really kind of you to say, and so soothing to my heart. Ideally I wish he hadn't been on the toilet when it happened -- it's an extra layer of indignity I would have spared him -- but, really, as long as he felt no pain I really can't complain.
Thanks. The fact that my Dad went for the phone makes me think he felt something, but that i was short-lived, and, based on what people are saying here, followed by unconsciousness and then death, rather than followed by pain, the inability to move, and an awareness of his helplessness and his impending end. It was that idea that haunted me, in the form of the gurgling. My best to you and your Dad. You are lucky to still have him. *sniff*
I'm sorry, You're very fortunate he's still around.
Thanks for letting me know. That makes me feel much better. My best to your dad.
My condolences. Based on what people are saying in this thread the answer to what he felt is: "not much." I'm hoping that's as much of a consolation/ load off your mind to you as it has been to me.
Oops! You are right! It was posted on youtube in 2012, but happened in 2005. (you know it felt like 2012 was too recent, I thought I heard about it when it happened and it was further back than that.)
So he died in his sleep? What a perfect way to go out! Also, my condolences to you. If it helps at all this thread is making me think that my Dad didn't feel any pain, so likely your Dad didn't either.
Thanks. That's really good to hear.
Your grandpa is/was a hero. The poor, poor bastard. nb There's a movie called the Big Red One, probably pretty romanticized version of war, but just in case it interests you.
This telling your opinions about your classmates thing sounds like an invitation to disaster and life-wrecking revelations.
Used to be one of my favourites, when I was younger and very into war flicks. Speaking of which, your grandfather was probably one of those vets who refused to see Saving Private Ryan because it was too close to home... can't get it out of my head, what he went through, and how he had to kinda live with it alone for so long. The bright side, if there is one, is that the fact he felt he could tell you -- drunk or not -- indicates how close you two must be and how much he thinks of you. Treasure him, and your relationship. He will be gone all too soon.
She is lucky to have you there to help her.
The only part of that that surprises me is that he consented to watch it in the first place. Many vets had to leave the theatre apparently (again, not sure why they would go into the movie in the first place.) Apparently the invasion scenes are dead on, or in a revelation that haunts me, a slight soft-pedalling of reality *shudder*. In fact once you started telling your grandfather's story I kept getting involuntary images from that movie i,e, mention of the landing craft - visual of the Higgins boats in the shot that opens that sequence; mention of the landing craft not opening properly = visual image of men convulsing as their boat is 'opened'; mention of going over the side to save himself = visual of Tom Hanks grabbing people and shoving them up and over while yelling 'over the side!' When you mentioned the bloke with his face blown off, all I could think of was Tom Hanks communicating messages to that guy with the big field radio, and then turning to him at one point to find he was dead, his face blown away. Once again, your grandpa is a hero. We can't really begin to appreciate what he went through, and I'm sure that's how he wants it.
Thank you, this is so great to hear. A physiological reaction... so not something he was *doing*, so much as something that was happening on its own. That really helps. And yeah, the thought of it being scary for him, or painful, or that he was struggling to communicate/get help but was unable to, *that's* what really haunted me. Am still unsure of how he opened the telephone line while lying there if he *wasn't* still alive... but now I think maybe the reason he left the bathroom was the incoming call *combined* with the heart attack itself, thus clicking the button to accept the call [coincidentally, from the community nurse who was there to change the dressing on his leg] was probably the last thing he did. He would be glad, then, that the call was not from one of his three children, all of whom spoke to him daily or every couple of days. That would have stayed with whichever of us it was for a very long time. This thread has bought me a lot of peace. I might take you up on the offer of the PM.
Do they sound scared when they say that ? Or resigned, or incredulous or... What do they sound like?
Oh how wonderful! I hope that something like that awaits us all.
Who doesn't like dogs in onesies?
It was dec 29th ( 28th where I was) 2014, so almost 6 months ago.
River City? and I'm sorry for what you have gone through.
There's a film about WW1 set in the trenches with a bunch of British boy soldiers that I thought was pretty good; lots of tedium boys talking about girls left at home -- including one guy banging on about a girl he only ever saw behind the counter in the post office, more tedium and boys talking shit, then one guy dares one of the others to look over the top and tell what he sees... He does and as he turns his head to relay what he sees is shot in the head. Hours and Hours of tedium punctuated by moments of sheer terror.
Hitchhike. Especially would not mention I was doing it where/ when a serial killer was active. His victims? Hitchhikers.
God bless you for having a conscience and the nerve to report.
How did they know your address?
Could you tell the Katrina story please ?
Did the bastard get convicted?
No Ivan Milat got me and this comes to you from a shallow as-yet-undiscovered grave. Ooooooooo!
I remembered something after posting: I always felt safe because I had my friend with me, but the killer abducted two people on three occasions. One was a pair of girls (like us), one was a couple where the guy was kinda slight and had long hair (ie he might have thought they were both girls when he picked them up) , but the last was a couple where the guy was tall, jacked, and had served in the military, which is at least one reason the police believe the man behind bars had at least one partner in his crimes. Tl; dr thought being in a pair made me safe. It did not.
No the soldiers were definitely Brits. All quiet... Was told from the perspective of the Germans.
Good!
Wanting to get somewhere and not having the money for a ride and no car of our own. Also no idea there was a serial killer on the loose. I even remember reading about and hearing about the first two girls who went missing, and not connecting it with what I was doing. Did not make the connection til about 5 years later (nb neither did the police) when suddenly saturation news coverage made it click into place in my head.
No, in Australia. What/who are you referring to on highway 16?
Compassion for a serial killer? Good for you, I could never summon that kind of empathy. His name is Ivan Milat and you wouldn't have heard of him if you aren't Australian.
It's called The Trench, came out in 1999, Daniel Craig is in it.
I hope things are better for you now.
Yeah, funny you should bring that up; when I was typing my response to someone asking why would I even do that I mentioned that I had no idea there was a serial killer on the loose, and kinda thought to myself "it's not like I was hitch-hiking the Highway of Tears!" and then 5 minutes later got your response. I was interested to hear that *two* killers have been determined. I'm guessing one of them is that Picton fella, but whose the other one? Also, I remember reading years ago about all the women going missing from Vancouver's "low-track" area and how the police were doing fuck-all and what a scandal it was. At the time the posit was that about 100 women had gone missing from about the late 70's to the early 2000s and that there was at least one serial killer at work. Since Picton was captured it seems like the police's attitude is "we got him, that's it, there was only ever one killer", but it really seems to me there could easily be another 1-2 out there -- I mean Picton killed 49, that's only half the number missing -- and that' *before* you consider the Highway of Tears. Tell me, is it your impression that the police have learned their lesson and been shamed into taking it seriously? Do you think they are looking for another killer? Do they take the Highway of Tears seriously? I'm not on the West Coast and I haven't followed it all that closely, but my impression on all three questions would be "no."
Evidence for the future trial once the animator carries out his fantasy? (Jesus Christ this is fucking disgusting.)
Yeah I know. So here we have a thing I both would never/ did never tell my olds, and something I would whip my own kids' behinds for doing.
His name is Ivan Milat, although the police are pretty sure he didn't work alone, meaning at least one of his partners in crime is still walking around, a free man.
His name is Ivan Milat, although the police are pretty sure he didn't work alone, meaning at least one of his partners in crime is still walking around, a free man.
Yup
His name is Ivan Milat, although the police are pretty sure he didn't work alone, meaning at least one of his partners in crime is still walking around, a free man.
Yeah, and the police are fuckin useless when it comes to dealing with it, or so I hear.
They are USELESS!
I'm so sorry to hear about your girlfriend; my condolences. As for the rest: you played piano? Like, to pass the time? Hm. Yay you. And what do you mean people lost their fridges? Do you mean the stuff inside it went so bad and so nasty that the fridge could never again be used for anything that would touch human lips? That's all I can think of, also it would tie in with your tip about emptying your fridge, which I didn't quite understand -- wouldn\t you be *wanting* to stockpile food if there was a storm coming and you intended staying? Fridges can hold their cold OK for a bit, as long as you don't linger in front of them with the door open (ie do what you can to preserve the cold within) and it's not like you knew how long the power would be out. PS Goodbye Earl is an awesome song, one of my favourites.
What makes you think you can make a demand like that? Other hookers can't. If your customer were average or above, what do they need you for? Also the fact that you're even *thinking* about the dudes looks is a kinda gay.
$20 is about standard in crackier neighbourhoods. By a wild coincidence $20 is also the standard crack deal done in those neighbourhoods.
Oh Jesus! That last sentence.
I don't understand what you mean by this.
1897? Whoa longer than I thought !
Just the one house? For the whole island?
Dick van Dyke set a whole new level on the cringe-ometer in that movie.
Wait, that little furry beastie was sleeping in there? And didn't say anything when his hideout was put on top of a car and driven someplace? Or when feet were shoved into his sleeping area? Is he yours? HAVE YOU ADOPTED HIM?
If you dad was born in the late 60s (i.e. 66 - 69) and he was 15 in this story, the earliest it could have happened is 81. Not 79 unless he was *EVEN YOUNGER* than he lets on.
What correlation? What the fuck are you talking about? Rationalization detected.
Wipe your chin, you're dribbling bullshit!
Yep, that must be it, /s
It's the first father's day without my dad. That makes me pretty sad.
What the hell are you talking about?
Job #2 I don't get it. This is *standard* for them? What do they get out of it. Sounds like a waste Of time, minimum.
I'm sorry if this is a dumb question, but there's a stereotype about grape pop? Where does this originate? (Also if you know where the fried chicken/ watermelon thing originated, would be pleased to know that too :-)
That's the kind of bullshit they used to say to rape victims and still say to girls who get screamed at on the street by some fuckhead in a car. Pure victim blaming. It's bullshit in those cases and it's bullshit in yours.
That lady sounds nice. I've paid a buck or two for someone caught in a jam at a checkout or similar, but $100, wow!
*that's* the sad part?
I have mixed feelings when it comes to abortion: I'm all for dead babies, just don't like giving women that much choice.
Feet, look at their feet. People remember to keep their hands under control, but the further you get from the head, the less guarded they are. Feet.
It is what it is. Jesus Christ, EVERYTHING "is what it is"!
"I'm not racist, but..." ( see also "I'm so sexist but..." And variations like Simon Cowell's favorite: "I don't mean to be rude.") When you hear one of these it's basically an announcement that the behaviour just disavowed will follow.
People forget there's a second part to that expression: it's "I could care less, but I'm not sure how." The way you mention makes no fucking sense at all.
It's not that they don't recognize people need to have a job, it's more a massive power play: "you dare to complain? WOULD YOU PREFER TO *STARVE* YOU MISERABLE WRETCHES?" They're telling you to kiss their arse.
YOU BITE YOUR GODDAM TONGUE! THAT EXPRESSION IS AUSTRALIA'S CALLING CARD! What are you, racist?
People who say that are basically attacking you.
I know what you mean, but it think what this expression is trying to convey is that there's no point wringing your hands over not doing the best thing/ right thing in the past, just start now. Just start.
huh?
Aussie here: I never understood it either. Only encountered during kids parties, fairy bread was, as far as 8 year old me was concerned, a waste of a plate -- surely that plate could be used for more chocolate crackles, or cupcakes, or one of the many homemad things that you got at the birthday party of an elementary-school aged child? Bread and butter with sprinkles just seemed like such a *cheat*!
"have a geeze" (nb, am Aussie, have no idea what you are trying to say.)
Which element? I mean it's cheesy as hell, but so are a lot of videos from that era. MY guess is the flippy-floppy thing he does with his arms -- weak wrists bro -- and the way it looks like he's running as if he's a 15 year old in gym class right after his growth spurt.
What role would the canteen have played in fending of the bull moose?
Wait, what, these things get *said*? By whom for fucks sake?
&gt; Edit: Apparently having a personal preference that doesn't hurt anyone else is completely unreasonable and quite controversial. By that same logic, surely the people who don't like dogs just have a personal preference that doesn't hurt anyone else?
"Triggered"
I'm sorry, what does that mean?
Also notable: Moose Jaw (a town) and Head Smashed in Buffalo Jump (a tourist site.)
What, really?
Oh those poor bastards. Puberty is hard.
Borrow a friends dog -- or even better, volunteer with a shelter that needs dog walkers -- and start taking it for walks. You are instantly approachable with a dog. The presence of a dog cuts through so many social barriers, it gives people a licence to talk to you. (Note I said "borrow a dog", pets are a huge responsibility, don't get one just so you can meet women.)
Those gigglers are fucking bastards. don't let them get to you.
Oh, that thread was really sad! The guy's socially inept not evil, and those mean bastards kept egging him on to do the wrong things. Bastards!
Also this is based on standards that were current 70 yeas ago, so...
Call that man I wronged so bad and apologize, apologize, apologize.
You mean the one who was thrown into the shark tank and gulped down my the Dino shark -- yeah felt bad for her alright. The rough equivalent in the first movie was the lawyer who got eaten by he T. Rex while on the lav, but we knew he wasn't a good guy -- leaving two children on their own in danger, if nothing else -- not sure what she did to deserve what happened to her though.
Hurting an animal. Hurting people is also bad (like, duh) but animals rely on us and are often so helpless.
Hurting a helpless person, like someone who can't move or can't fight back Ie An older person in a nursing home, a small child, or a paralyzed person.
Yeah, this is one case where eye for eye is fine by me. Getting raped for weeks by a never -ending stream of strangers? Looks good on ya, mr human trafficker.
What is mobbing?
You probably shouldn't sleep in the shower at all.
Find a new job and quit but on the day you do so make sure both managers know why ( write a letter if necessary, noting down as much a s you feel is relevant about this pattern of abuse so that they have concrete examples to refer to when they talk to her about it.) make her life hell for a bit, see how she likes it.
*Loosely* based is right. A priest found the remaining brother and kinda shepherded him home, but it didn't involve going behind enemy lines or anything. It was mentioned in Band of Brothers.
Bloody hell! He was *that* specific? Just so I'm clear,, did you Say anything outloud when you were at the gravesite? I mean could the homeless man have overheard you saying anything?
Don't leave us hanging! Examples PLEASE!!
Link?
NEVER ask a woman if she's pregnant and I mean not if you can see the kid crowning.
Excellent stories!
Yeah... That's creepy. Have you considered setting up a cam or something ?
I wasn't being sarcastic.
It's true Aussies don't tip, but frankly, Brits don't either, not as a rule. So it's weird that it stood out to you... unless you noticed because you're from a tipping culture yourself. And what the other respondent said below is right, some Aussies are Bogans, the only thing is they don't tend to represent Aussies overseas because they don't tend to travel... well, except to Bali or somewhere.
As for cams: pretty sure there are ways of doing it whereby you don't have to use up your phone's capacity or whatever (that was what you meant right?) -- you could leave a laptop open and taping the scene if you have one; or cams are cheap to buy... other redditors will know much more about this than I do.
Could it have been what was going on in Rwanda at the time, the news report?
Creepy stories? DO TELL!
This sounds bloody horrid.
It's the same in Australia. The fuxker at the top got his education for nothing; hasn't stopped him trying to make those 35 years younger than him pay out the ass though.
Where was this?
That video has a *plot*? n.b. All I remember is MJ dancing down the light up footpath and singing /telling his story to the camera. No plot as such.
Duran Duran for either Rio or Hungry Like The Wolf. This is the correct answer.
That poor bastard, being tattooed -- and that *other* poor bastard! probably blown to smithereens by his forest grenade.
Oh, piss off with your contemptuous terms for a vulnerable human.
You say what happened to the mans corpse but not the living woman. Did she survive the ordeal? Was she also choppered out?
I think people forget this side of things when they get all wistful for the past.
That twist at the end. Thank god.
Btw the 'you saved my life' woman sounds familiar to me, she was in at least one documentary I saw on 9/11, because as you say there was a news crew there too. She was pulled into the store or whatever it was just before the massive dust cloud from the building falling hit.
Fargo -- came out about the same time as True Detective, *easily* as good The Affair -- starts with the gimmick of seeing an affair told from each perspective in turn... Gets even better. Bloodline -- released all at once on Netflix: flashbacks, unreliable narrators, twists, mystery, murder The Lakes (Aussie/ NZ production, albeit with Elizabeth Moss.) -- possibly the best of them all. the Americans -- Russian sleeper agents operating within America in the 1980s from the perspective of the spies themselves. Mad Men -- how has no-one mentioned this yet?
Check username
Queen Elizabeth: I mean the first Queen Elizabeth reigned during a golden era -- or was responsible for one -- the second Queen Liz is likely to be remembered in the same way.
&gt; some guy and his dick's personal opinions wandering in to the discourse and demanding that somebody else operate Google for him. Hilarious,and so well summed up.
/r/tobogganing
I'm sorry for your brother for what he went through; sorry for your loss too.
What is cinnamon phase?
How do you access what is in the hot water heater?
Yeah me too, just not at -30 degrees.
Is this from a movie or novel or something?
She stole from the *homeless*? That is a special kind of evil.
He did it for the money. Which following the civil case --which OJ lost-- went to the families of the victims. So... Good.
&gt;had a specific system for who raped whom. Well that's OK then.
&gt;had a specific system for who raped whom. Well that's OK then.
Wasn't it a front for something? They couldn't be making any money could they?
Please do
&gt; because my room was haunted when I was a kid. Do tell.
Did you/ do you have a grandpa who is/was called Leto?
Depends a lot where you are. Where I am questions pertaining to age and personal life are verboten.
This infuriates me. At best he's asking you to live off your parents (a choice not everyone can make), but he doesn't care if you live under a bridge. Those 12 hour days mean you can't even work some part time thing and it's basically a 6 month job interview. So he leeches off your free labour while you ... Draw on your independent means? And this is the kind of guy who bangs on about how important it is to be able to pay your own way in life... Unless you're him I guess.
None of which apply to him apparently.
Would you have been able to rat them out for any of that? Also I wonder if any senior citizens had accidents or even passed away because of misrepresented phones.
What is Currys) it sounds liek a restaurant but here there's a chain of art supply stores by that name, so...
&gt;he was asking me to explain a concept as if the person I was talking to was an idiot. &gt;He kept asking the most stupid questions, down to 'What is the internet Maybe he was asking you dumb questions as part of that ELI5 thing.
Although under no othr circumstances would a band that low in profile get that kind of media attention. The selling point was the movie star, seems silly to ignore that.
No, you're wrong. AT the time I thought he handled it well. I still do, but now there's this other thing to think about.
They *enjoyed* being exploited? Those poor bastards.
It doesn't absolve him, what the hell are you talking about. I thought billy bob was an asshole at the time and I still do.
I never said it did. These are the facts as I understand them: * BBT was a spoiled brat in the interview * Ghomeshi handled it well * Ghomeshi had a secret life as a sexual predator * for which he now faces legal consequences That's pretty much what I said in my original comment.
Too much? Oh sorry, maybe I'm just feeling crabby.
That's capitalism for ya: rewards the sociopath.
That's *one* of the things about unpaid internships. A few of the other things are that it obviates the need for real entry level positions (Ie those poor fuckers Slaving away for no money won't have jobs at the end of it, those positions no longer exist because interns); it devalues work done further up the chain; and extends the period of time young adults must endure before being able to start their own lives as fully independent beings EVEN MORE than it already is. Also, is there a moratorium on student loans while your interning ? Don't think so. *this* kind if thing is why people don't get married, have kids or buy houses til years after their parents did (othr factors also come in to it obvs) it's so good that lots of places are making this assault on young workers illegal.
Well spotted! Never noticed that Before.
Unpaid internships (and the insistence that this is a favour they are doing you and you should be *grateful*) Throw in usurious student loans for the perfect yoke around the neck of someone who is just starting out.
Reddit seems to love this, but *ass to ass*. Gave me nightmares.
Yeah and this is why some professions are characterized by homogeneity in outlook and racial makeup etc, PS. Intern for *years*? *YEARS*? Fucks sake!
A few times; it was before my time and also only in the US.
Good. Are the rules enforced?
Where was this ?
Would ratting the bastards out to some regulatory authority be an option?
The term "information super highway." Sooo 90s.
The Star reproduced the texts in full, punctuation and everything, but did not refer to them as threats (libel chill I'm guessing); as far as I'm concerned they were threats though, and fairly overt too. Only hope you did not respond in kind OP. I know it's unfair, but that would just make you look bad.
Volunteered with TCR in the emergency adoption of three 2 week old bottle-feeders found in a garbage can who would have been put down otherwise. Recommend. PS except that it would have been very welcome to have contact info for the people who ultimately adopted those furry little -bastards- scamps so I could find out how they were doing.
Do you mean *flouting* procedure, like ignoring it; or "flaunting" procedure, like making a big deal of procedure?
It was actually December 28 2015, but my father dying.
Noses. Noses run in my family.
Why would a centrepiece be the catalyst for that though? I mean, just what *are* these centrepieces? What makes them so irresistible?
Great story, but the part that really caught my eye: $5k was enough for a down payment on a house? Where was this? Or did you get married in 1975 or something?
She didn't just wear white, she wore an actual *wedding dress*?
We can? Torontonian here.
Let it go dude.
Reminds me of my first broken heart.
What part of this was karma? What did he do to you to deserve that?
Good. She got what she deserved.
If the theatre was otherwise completely empty, then that is what he went to the movie for; he wasn't being inconsiderate, he was doing it deliberately.
What is the popcorn trick?
That guy is my hero. Oh that he would come to every screening of everything ever.
Yeah, ok.
Genuine question: what goes on at these shows?
Vote so you can vote against them.
Wow, glad it worked out. Was this a Tim hortons?
Did you go to the police?
Really? Why?
The kids never told their parents? And "without a warrant"? Really? How do kids in schools ever get taken to the principles office if this is the case?
Yeah... "risking".
Upvoted
People do that *how*?
Sorry if it's a dumb question, but where are the bulls in this? Were they behind you? Didn't catch sight of them in this at all. Also at about 2:17 when you start yelling "holy fuck" etc, what had happened to get that reaction? Lastly where in the video does the guy go spread eagled? And yes, you're pretty.
Yes I see the bulls now (wonder how I missed them the first time actually) and the spread eagle guy. Was he bleeding or appeared to be injured? *something* made you exclaim like that. Edit: oh wait, that was *you* who mentioned the guy bleeding into the sewer, so... My spidey senses tell me that yes, that was the bleeding guy.
No prob, Mr. Anus.
Hurt, Johnny Cash. Oops, wrong thread!
What is pen testing?
Are you in the US? How are they expecting you to pay for the doctors visit with your crappy American minimum wage job? Serious question.
Which costs a shitton. Aren't there many Americans who are uninsured? I'm going to hazard a guess that many of them are minimum wage workers.
You did the right thing. You won't regret staying. Enjoy every minute you have left with your grandma.
You're an angel.
Your *walk* wasn't enthusiasm enough?
What happened? Did you die?
Hypothetical question: what if the answer is "both"?
What is "soft-insult"? It sounds like a useful term, but I want to make sure it means what it sounds like it means.
Why are kitchens like that? Why would having your shit together correlate to being rare?
Wow. Impressive.
Oh my! Dude, the "shame" surrounding your birth is not on *you* and it sucks that anyone ever made you feel that way. As for the rest... Well I hope it gets better. *hugs*
Sorry... Which movie was this? And what was the context?
*case in point. ^^please ^^don't ^^hate ^^me!
Snl?
And Bobby Darin.
And you'll note he played a sleaze bag.
They did? I'm in love with David Mitchell and thought I'd seen all his work, but this doesn't sound familiar. Link?
Realistically, though, what could any of those people who heard rumours do? Can you take rumours and gossip to the police?
Wasn't it a victim of the writers strike? Was very curious to see how they'd wrap it up.
You're dead? They have reddit in the afterlife?
The Brit version of the tv show Life On mars reminded me of how great that song was -- it works in so many different ways.
Was she? Initially maybe, but when Hank was on suspension for beating up Jesse?
Return to the valley of the dolls. Shite, glorious shite.
One of my closest friends and I bonded over that too: reminiscing on where we'd first heard of/ seen the film, how many times we watched it, what it meant, and finished with a few choruses of of "Dance magic."
Why?
You call her career thus far "extremely limited"?
Double bonus points if you're yelling at him to get off your lawn.
The covert breast-gaze that's not convert at all: creepy. *Way* worse though is the sweeping up-and-down the body 'glance'. It's so intrusive, and so *rude*.
Mr Blobby? I was expecting three fiddy.
Not a prisoner, but my cousin worked for a long time as a doctor in prisons, and he said the worse thing he'd seen there was the result of an innocuous-sounding craft class. Apparently a guy was bought into his sick bay screaming his head off, with a metal crafting implement of some kind buried in his chest and a coloured pencil jammed in each eyeball.
The Black Rock desert in Nevada.
Sweary Aussie, right here!
Regret
Pain.
Loss of a loved one; or a loved one in pain, and there's nothing I can do about it. Even the *thought* scares me.
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL! And I won't hear anymore self-doubting bullshit on the subject.
It might be as straightforward as everyone wonders what would happen if they took the different path. The grass is greener on the other side of the fence etc.
Wait, what? Do you think they did it on purpose? Is that a thing that people do?
Also known as Accident Park, Traction Park, and Class Action Park.
With the rain of frogs? Or do you mean some other aspect of the ending?
That film gave me nightmares. Fucking 'orrible.
That film has been out 15 years or more.
Bob Dylan. I mean, surely he's on borrowed time? (As is Paul McCartney and Mick Jagger, and, well, most of the Stones. But not Keith Richards, he's immortal. PS how the *fuck* is Chuck Berry still alive?
14th?
*200M
*her* toupee?
Wait, what? B. B. King's dead? Oh no!
You're a good parent. (Was born the day before Halloween, got *many* "this is for Christmas too" gifts, what a rip.)
Yeah, sucks. Can only imagine what it's like for November and December babies.
I was pretty sure what was going to happen, for a number of reasons, and yelled out "no no NO!" Etc anyhow. My yelling did nothing to change the outcome.
The one he shot was the one they let go earlier because he begged for his life and the soldiers felt it would be close to murder, only to see him firing on them during the climatic battle. Not sure I'd have managed to hold back either. (But yes, Upham was a weasel and a liability.)
Primus
word
Who is meant to dispose of the poop paper?
Purple-headed custard-chucker.
&gt; Purple-headed custard-chucker.
He's been famous a looong time, like much of his life, and as a young adult he got to see his contemporary Rob Lowe just about ruined by a sex tape, so...
God bless you for helping the cats. And that sassily, what a looker!
Crack-smoking mayor.
Ogden?
Wasn't it more Richard Hell who wore the safety pins to keep his clothes together and that look was Kinda stolen by Westwood for her fashions, possibly via transatlantic traveller Nancy Spudgen? He's also credited with being the unwitting progenitor of the spiky hair, which was very much *not* fashionable at the time, which the Sex Pistols adopted at least In part to distinguish themselves from leftover hippies and bands like Led Zep. At the time the Sex Pistols became prominent, according to his autobiography, people were telling him about these guys that "look like you."
Gilbert Gottfreid Carrot Top Pauly Shore (cringe!)
Tries *too hard*? Seems like he doesn't try *at all*.
First doorway?
How do you know that Bernardo thought Russell was weird?
Wow! Well researched! And yeah, I think I am the legit OP, certainly with that phrasing. In fact it was that comment, and the marked reaction to it, that kicked off my obsession with reddit. Imaginary internet points -- PRECIOUSES!
That's a submission gesture. She's telling the other dogs they don't have to hurt/ fight/kill her, because she's no threat.
You're headed to either burnout or self-recrimination with a bar this high straight off the bat. Ease into it, build habits. Maybe go to the library after school and do 5-10 minutes homework. Make that the habit. Then when it feels weirder *not* to go than to go, you got yourself a habit. Build from there. Ten minutes can become 20, or half an hour and *then* bring in the "don't leave til homework is done" rule. But for now, the deal with yourself is for a few minutes. Just start.
You shower *before* you exercise?
Was just going to mention this movie and quote, they go through hell trying to get one of the guys allowed in to say "passport" so they can use the recording to enter the premises.
What do you mean "the trademark girl"?
June 1950?
40s?
You were born 88?
Wow. President 52-60, so if you *remember*... Born 1950?
Console/ console ... Not a rhyme. I'm also not sure what you were doing to you tamagotchi for it to need consoling.
35?
I'd be fascinated to hear about other stuff you remember from your childhood. :-)
Mayenne's good like that.
Username checks out.
Did you a word?
Also saw him live, albeit as the new kid star of Seussical the musical in 2001. He actually wasn't bad.
This seems to stand in contrast to the other WW1 poems, in that at the end the message is we owe it to the dead to keep fighting, rather than a generalized repulsion towards war. Or have I messed up my interpretation?
Wasn't that Keanu?
Oops.
Wasn't John Leslie implicated in something around about 2001? As far as fiddling with young girls and kids, surely there's more awareness now that that's not OK (from kids themselves I mean, surely they would be more inclined to run and tell than someone 40 years ago migh have been?) Also, those wanting to excuse behaviour are very ready with the "it was a different time" line; that pendulum has swung back, hasn't it, thus robbing them of their rationalization. ...then again, it's not like sexualization of young girls has ceased to happen, so...[shrugs]
Your dad knew you were just being a little shit to make a point; probably he did something similar to his own dad. He knew you loved him and he never stopped loving you. Also suicide would be a strange way to thank him for all those 80 hour weeks.
What's sad about it? They're present, in mind as well as body, for a final farewell to their loved ones, and if the spirits of the dead really do arrive to guide them over, wow, that's just wonderful.
Did you a word?
Where was the hole -- like in his belly area, side, back, or what? Also how the fuck was this overlooked up until that point?
Left... And got help, right? Right?
Ode to Billy Joe The Harper Valley PTA
Why... Why did you shove a marker up your butt?
Where do you live?
Did this guy go by the name of Dr. Something?
Where was this?
Sorry if it's a stupid question, but what is a death rattle?
Where the hell did they get a grenade? (I was expecting this to be somewhere war-torn.)
Why would the big wind have caused him to leave? It took place the year before he was born, and by the time he left was 20 years in the past. Also did he get some kind of recognition for his kindness to those passengers? An award from the city or something from the company?
That's the same date you said the first time, so my questions are still looking at you all questioningly.
You're lucky, your disk didn't get wiped completely before this life! It seems from what you describe above that these memories are primarily of the moment of death (the redcoats memory and the monk are explicitly the moment of death, the brick wall falling might be, ditto the girl running from the horseman). Do you remember how Nathan died? Did you remember enough identifying detail that you might have been able to find his mom? Do you remember the moment of Sally's death? And how much of her life do you recall: I mean you sketched it in above, but do you recall specific moments from making the trek from Indiana to Kansas for example, or do you just remember that you relocated as a piece of information, without any memories of being on a moving cart etc.?
Milk store?
I was wondering if you meant a milkbar. Do you still get them? I have the impression that they were a bit convenience store, a bit candy store, and a bit cafe. The candy store near my house when I was six I think would have qualified as one. Do they still exist?
I think that's a play on words: "down and out", which possibly ties in with "over and out", and refers to the end of TV show Downton Abbey.
The thing is, a corner store is just a small grocery store, a convenience store. Aren't milkbars set apart because they have the social aspect too (ie the 1-2 tables to sit and have a coffee at, or whatever)?
I really hope you reported that. At minimum it's impersonating an officer, but really that sounds like a serial killer/rapist who came up with a good idea to get women to trust him. Ted Bundy apparently did something similar.
In the unlikely even it happens again, drive to a police station.
F.lux?
No prob. I got your back.
Why is there not competency training? I mean you need it to be in control of a car, which also has the potential to be a lethal weapon, and no one questions the need for that training. Serious question.
Upvote for "sheveled".
*"probable"* rape allegation? Srsly?
Particularly when it comes to the anti-crust.
WHAT???
I believe your interpretation is correct. Would have also up voted "kempt" or "couth".
Bloody hell! WOW! Yay you!
It's a tribute to your efforts, and at your age will bounce back eventually.
His siblings were *murdered in front of him*? What the fuck did that awful woman do to them? Why the hell were the others not removed by the authorities? Also, these beating and raping stepdads who "died mysteriously"... You, er, think he might have had something to do with their ends?
What do you mean *except* servers? Those poor fuckers -- and their luckless brethren working retail jobs -- take a load of abuse from shithead customers on a power trip all the frickin' time!
That person in front of you on the escalator who gets off at the top and then stops. Like they are oblivious of the stream of people coming up behind them. Also applies to those who delay at the top while fiddling with something -- you're still being delivered right into that spot they're occupying with their dilly dallying. And that bloke who had an umbrella in his hand and for some reason held it horizontally and jiggled it up and down so it hit me -- how that ground my gears -- can it really a surprise that there are people on the escalator DIRECTLY BEHIND YOU?
You appear to be having an exchange with someone else. At what point did I posit that servers are unique in being abused? The snowflake thing has me flummoxed as well.
Ad hominen attacks are a very low form of argument; in this case, also baseless, as I at no point said such food contamination was "acceptible". Nonetheless it does happen. The OP said something like "being rude/unjust" to servers etc was a bad idea as "They are handling your food for fucks sake." That point stands. Call it unprofessional or whatever you like, but it does happen that food is contaminated as vengence on a rude customer. And by the way, your "there's always alternatives" is absurd. For many people, no there is not.
The a foregoing text is a thing of beauty. Edit: except that 23 and 46 are contradictory.
Dude, I wasn't making excuses, just acknowledging it happens. (Also, look up the No True Scotsman fallacy.) The "alternative" of homelessness and destitution is no alternative at all. Btw, hate servers much?
This.
Hummus and naan bread.
Quite a few like Innocent Nab too.
That Toronto is the world's most international city according to the UN. Total bollocks.
Isn't that song about a slave killing his master?
The UN doesn't keep stats on that.
Sounds like the cat that gets buried in the Pet Semetary and comes back to life (sorta.)
So... He was a teacher?
What do you mean "same here"? You found oatmeal prepared in your cats waterbowl too? Just how much of this is going on?
Why is the time/date important?
I thought it was like a leopardess.
Did you ask your son about it? Was he talking back to her?
I wonder what her side of this story would be?
Not a teacher, but when I was a child care worker over the summer one year at uni, this little bastard two-year-old would go around pushing the other kids -- also two, and unsteady on their feet -- knocking them down so we would be left to comfort a string of sobbing two year olds while this little shit went on his merry destructive way. Bet he went on to hurt kids all through school. Little bastard.
Sobbing toddlers amuse you?
It's fairly confusing in context. WHERE DID THE OTHER QUOTATION MARK GO?
Emma Watson?
Never hesitate to stand up to a bully; you'll only have to do it once.
People remember how you make them *feel*. That's part one; most people just LOVE to talk about themselves. That's part two. Use these together and you will make many friends. :-)
Does that happen to you a lot?
Squeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!
Wasn't heard over a saw?
Yep, that's spooky. Have you ever asked your olds about that room, and if they ever saw or sensed anything like that themselves?
I talk to him all the time. Just cause he died about 18 months ago ain't no reason to go ignoring him.
I'm sorry to hear of your father's passing What is your favourite story about him?
I look forward to hearing it. :-)
Two questions: are empathic people more vulnerable to narcissists? And, how on earth do you spot a narcissist when you see one?
Arithmetic?
Neil Young can't have allowed that. How did Trump get the rights?
They blamed your friend EVEN WITH VIDEO SHOWING THE SCUMBAG IN THE ACT OF COMMITTING ARSON? Please tell me he got prison time? (Although I bet he would blame you for that too.)
All these people you've just named are women. Does reddit have a problem with women (beyond the red pillers I mean)?
Contrary? I sure am!
Why was she so affronted by the shoe rack?
Well then how are you managing a mortgage? How can the rent on a house be about $2k But the mortgage on a house be $300 in the same city?
If it's near the door that's the perfect spot for it.
I was raped.
Joey Ramone. He was the embodiment of punk.
Kurt... So much more music to make.
Thanks
You're very kind.
Masturbate
Hunt around for accounts of what he does to women and girls on the subway. None of that is amusing or funny.
*converses
Would love to see it. :-)
Sorry I don't understand what was so offensive in what she said. Wasn't she complimenting you?
Have a round face. It's the reason Paul McCartney looked younger than George Harrison despite being a bit older, compare shots of them in their 30s and 40s, the difference is amazing. Also staying out of the sun/ being religious with sunscreen, not smoking, skincare is your friend and generally eschewing dissolute living... Well, you know, mostly. Source: have been mistaken as younger than I am since university; recently two millennials thought I was their age peer (did not enlighten either.)
