True. I am willing to trade [my car]( http://i.imgur.com/MBJPV1n.jpg) , [my dog]( http://i.imgur.com/VzcTgeD.jpg) , and a couple [Heady Toppers]( http://i.imgur.com/Z8ibGqL.jpg) for a beat up M5. This should happen soon, because I'm moving to Texas.
Probably time for a new keyboard. Easy to replace, but a bit time consuming. You can buy a new OEM keyboard on EBay for around $30.00. Great instructions on iFixit.
Why not? It's 100x cheaper, and very easy to do. Anyone who can follow simple directions, and turn a screwdriver is golden.
So it seems there are only two animals that won't kill you in Australia. I long suspected this.
I did it twice, and it took around an hour. Cost $30.00.
Yes, it is that easy. There are several detailed videos on YouTube, and a thorough guide on iFixit. Not sure why others are saying it makes more sense to pay a ton of money, (and time) to have someone else do it.
[Looks like factory M-Sport.](http://i.imgur.com/WMZLvym.jpg)
Do this, OP.
http://powerflexusa.com/9-51998-2010ys3e.aspx It's a DIY job with a few tools. A puller helps, but a blowtorch can melt out the old bushings if they get too stubborn.
Not from personal experience. Check the 9-5 sections of Saabcentral.com and Saablink.net. I owned a bunch of c900s and a 9000.
Top Gun
You're right. If you read the Wired article, that's what he says.
Figured someone would say something like this. Take an upvote.
I was at work making wine labels, and it was too loud to hear anything, so I broke tradition and read an article.
Once the machine starts, I'm a slave to it... waiting around to do my work.
Fucking sea-turtles. Yat-yas
They just want your money.
Good judgment comes from experience; experience comes from bad judgment.
Will be neat to see how this effects IC engines in 20 years.
Is this the 30mm gun that was going on the cancelled EFV (previously AAAV)?
How opposed are you to stepping back a few model years and trying out an E39 540i M-Sport or even an M5?
Mechanically its a more analog driving experience. As far as maintenance, I'm not a good source of info... I've never owned one. There are quite a few folks here that can answer that question though.
uBlock Origine is pretty good at dealing with this. I didn't see any pop-ups on the site.
Depending on the condition of the rest of the car, it may cost more than the vehicle is worth. Also, there could be more damage than OP's pictures show. Looks like the subframe tore out chunks of the unibody. OP could probably make a bit of $$$ by parting it out, but not everyone has the time/space/experience for that.
I'd rather have a dog than a staph infection.
Time = money.
Every brewery is worth checking out. There's not a lot in ILM, so it should be pretty easy to find something you like.
There was a core group of 8-10 of us who stayed together for 3.5+ years in the USMC from 2002-2006. It's smarter to keep people together if you can.
One might say....
Looks good. It was hard to tell on my phone earlier today, but now that I can see it on a larger screen I like it.
wife* I'll take it though.
They should put a mid-90's Saab engine in it... either a B234R, or a B202T. That would be fun.
Thanks mom, but it turned out OK.
There were at least seven or eight beers for sale while I was there. And we became good buddies with the civilians there. They could go to the international airport whenever they wanted, and would get us handles of whatever hard liquor we wanted at the duty-free there.
Fuck this hipster crap. Go here and get a real sweatshirt, with a [lifetime warranty](http://www.duluthtrading.com/store/dtc-shared/customer-service/satisfaction-guarantee/no-bull-guarantee.aspx). http://www.duluthtrading.com/store/mens/mens-shirts/mens-sweatshirts/mens-sweatshirts.aspx
I laughed. Upboat for you.
Everything tasted great.
True story... while we were sitting there, a bee landed on my thumb. http://i.imgur.com/dhxzFVb.jpg
less blur http://i.imgur.com/xywnK2g.jpg
Yes to all that. The front of her head was blasted, in the worst possible way. She sounded as bad as Stannis's Baratheon's kid the other night.
Three beeps at startup is RAM. It could be a failing logic board, which might include your model in the repair program.
You think it's the HP, but it's really the TQ. Really comes alive after 2250rpms.
Still there. Absolutely massive.
Whats with all the hate?
Thanks for the reply. Nothing like a bunch of sober SJWs getting all jealous and nervous at the sight of boobs. tl;dr... fedoras everywhere
Correct. The VT site has an outdoor patio, a firepit with chairs, and a newer beer garden with picnic tables and a small bar of its own with a few taps.
Not sure, I just got beer, but I would assume so.
Salty 49er fans, mixed with the road-salt crumbling off of Ohio St. fans.
That's because it's a weird type of English that's spoken by locals in Wilmington.
Seems silly, is all. Whatever, I'm just going to kiss my wife even harder the next time I see her.
It's basically a product of the "want what you can't have" mindset. It's pretty hard to find, even in the Bay Area, let alone by beer lovers anywhere else in the USA. I think it's a really good beer, as well, and agree that it probably doesn't deserve as much hype as it gets anymore. I'll still buy it/drink it every week, and try out new brews the other six days. I brought some Heady Topper cans back from a trip to NH/VT not too long ago, and gave one to a co-worker who is a huge Pliny fan. He shared the can of Heady with four or five of his friends, and they really enjoyed trying out some other top-level (over-hyped, or not... ) beer. I'm moving away from California in a few months and know that I'll miss having easy access to Pliny. It may not be the best in absolute terms, but it's much better than most stuff, and I like it.
beerporn It's a light-hearted sub. Should be about having fun, and not you personally getting offended because a great view spoiled your nerd-addiction to adult beverages.
It's not up to me, or anyone else, to make your world all comfy and cozy. If you don't like the content, then close the tab and move on.
My wife brought me some Prairie bottles back from a work trip, and boy, was I pleasantly surprised.
Thanks.
North of Santa Cruz.
Wish I could help you out. I lived in the western part of the state, away from the Masshole influence. I bet you could find some spots north of you, in the less populated areas. Google local gun clubs, and/or shooting forums, and ask around there.
Is anyone getting the OTA yet? It's 0712 here in Oakland, CA, and I'm still on 4.4.4.
Hmm. Ok, thanks for the reply. Back to the waiting game. Maybe it'll fall in our laps at 2359.
I wish they had manufactured the 17" wheels.
Been lightly raining in Oakland since before sunup. Of course, this means that its complete Armageddon on the roads.
Is it an M5-only issue, or are 540is also affected? I haven't heard of this before. Now I'm curious/worried.
Because Ruger's foundry (Pine Tree Castings) was probably manufacturing parts for Kel-Tec, and didn't want to lose a supplier.
Depends on what your power goals are. A Viggen intercooler might be large enough for you, or you may need a big ETS IC.
PTC makes parts for a lot of other companies. Think about how many foundries there are... I interned there for a fun summer and saw a lot of neat stuff pass through.
Adding RAM will help, and won't break the bank too much. What version of OSX are you running? How cluttered is your Desktop? How old is your HDD? How full is your HDD? Last time you had a clean install of OSX? FWIW my wife has a 2010 MBP w/4gb RAM, and it bogs down too. I occasionally Repair Disk permissions and run CCleaner and DR. Cleaner on her machine for a temporary fix. She'll need to max out the RAM and install a SSD to extend the useful life of her machine.
Traffic?
One of the more fun short-films ever: http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=b5eoNyWUz8I
VT.
...from the guy with the Opel.
My sister did it in my dad's old autobox Ford Ranger. When she shifted from D to N she kept going into R, and locked up the rear-end. Luckily she got it out of R before the ass-end spun around.
You realize that a 2001 9-3 is just an updated ng900? Which shared its chassis with the Opel Vectra...
From an enthusiast standpoint, get the '95 900T. It has the best, most robust, engine. It's the lightest, and has the stiffest chassis. Basically any T5 car &gt; T7 car.
It's missing the white flag hanging down from it.
The free kind.
Thanks for the info. That's neat.
Military Arms Channel did a nice review of an AR-180. Congrats on your unicorn wrangling.
What line of work are you in? Seems like a lot of Kevlar for stateside. But to be fair, folks will drop $200,000 on a super-car that will never see a track or traffic.
Thanks for explaining.
I doubt you have regrets at this point. Nice .45.
It's a hard life, but we endure.
Thank you.
Nice picture. Something something.... Rule of thirds.
Should have cross-steered. YAT-YAS
Looks great. Similar to this old thing. http://imgur.com/NSCsDdL
...then, who are you?
The last 29 of 30 pages... or just the last 29 pages? There's a lot of redaction to scroll past. Oh, fuck you for the bullshit.
They talk about themselves for more than 12 seconds straight.
Mine works fine.
Nailed it.
They're supposed to be solid. The handful of online reviews I've watched have been positive.
When you spend all your time at the mall, or on a benchrest.
2x
You're Starbucks looks pretty ghetto.
It looks like you'll be paying a lot, as much as the car is worth, to have that fixed. The unibody and shock tower mounts are possibly bent, or cracked, and that means you'd need some serious frame alignment work done. Hopefully you just have a bent axle and broken trailing arms. Those can be bought 2nd-hand at a salvage yard. Is your wheel bent or cracked? Are the brake lines leaking?
How does the other side look? What about under the car?
I didn't think you needed full coverage to get a car totaled out by an insurance company. Pretty sure you need insurance in CA.
Well, you mean the group that took over the failing company that Bill Ruger, Jr. drove into the ground. But yes, Ruger is doing better now.
Yes. I was there for a short time, after the new management group took over. It was rocky for the first couple years, but they're doing much better now.
On my old 9000 I'd let the engine get up to temp (nice and warm); go for a 30 min. drive first. Then I'd spray the engine with the car running. The grime would come off easier, and the hit engine bay would evaporate the water. Don't aim at electrical connections or tiny seals, and you'll be fine. Once you're done, go for another 10-15 minute drive to dry things out.
Great line-up. Always a fan of bare-bones A2/A4 builds.
The volume of water coming out of the pressure washer on low is so low that it would never be able to change the temp. of any of the metallic engine components enough to do what you're describing. If you have any evidence to support this, I'd love to see it. Basically, what you're saying is that anytime you drive through a deep puddle, or heavy rain, you're close to cracking your engine open. Think about that for a minute.
Detachable carry handle on A4.
You should probably just Google the M16A2 and M16A4, and look at the pictures.
Sorry. It does have the fixed FSB (front sight base). IIRC, there is a difference between the A2 and A4 iron sights because the detachable carry handle raises the rear sight slightly. This means the front sight on flat-top uppers use a separate FSB (same as A4) as well. The elevation adjustments are also different on the rear sights between the A2 and A4. I don't remember all the details. It's been a while since I handled an M16A4, and longer since I had an A2 that I needed to sight in.
Great looking Aero.
I think you'd be a genius, but you're a week too late.
The M2 or the M40?
I'm actually curious. My current car has been paid off for a bit, and I'm moving in a month to Texas for school, and am looking to get a 4wd rig for the beach/exploring/camping/fun and/or a 9-5 Aero because I miss having a Saab. I've been spoiled with one of the best chassis ever made (E39 540i) and realized how much my 9000 Aero flexed even with a strut tower brace/Konis/SAS Sway bars.
I would love to use my tub as a way to help take better gun pics, but it's pink. My whole bathroom is pink.
Moving next month. Hopefully the new tub is from this century.
Awesome! I had Edward, George, and one other on my last trip to VT.
I loath visiting that site on mobile. It's just one huge ad. for three sentences and a YouTube video. On another note, when are we going to see some cool RWD conversions. There's more than a handful of AWD rallycross drivetrains out there, so the knowledge is available.
Try hitting a target at a mile with open sights with your $3000.00 rifle. I imagine most people can't even see that far unaided.
Thus reminds me that I need to send a few bottles to my buddies back east. They've only been waiting for 2 years.
No, it fucking doesn't.
The one time I had to go it was painless. Place looked like it was doing pretty well. Ymmv.
My Right Foot.
It may be morbid, but it's not really an outlandish statement. Last night in Emeryville ( a 5-10 minute drive from the shooting today) there was a 22-shot barrage between two cars in a parking lot. A day or two before that there were more shots fired. I actually expect there to be more tonight, but am happy that it's not total mayhem out around the lake. I live right there, and that Lake Merritt area just north of the lake is where I like to go out to eat and drink. It was nice seeing all those tourists from SF come into Oakland today, and I'm sure the local businesses are enjoying some extra patronage, but let's not pretend as though there also isn't/wasn't a contingent of morons who came by to see what was up and act like crazy because they could. Or, it could have just been a shooting that was going to happen whether there was a huge parade today or not.
Is that how digital turns to analog snowfuzz?
So much salt.
That small area is pretty sketchy, especially the neighborhood behind that plaza. I'm not convinced the parade caused the shooting, but I'm guessing the heightened excitement was too much for some folks.
My wife is 30, and stopped coloring/treating/dying (sp?) her hair after she added up all the things she's done to it. She figures she's spent around $18,000 since she started doing it.
You should enjoy them now.
You could get a nice SPEC clutch kit for that money.
What does he do? Where'd he get his money?
I sold my A4orgery a few years ago for that much to a nice guy who really thought that all AR production was going to be halted. It was a little strange. Guy had a ton of money (owned a small construction company) and was a perfectly rational and calm human. He didn't even haggle... I just blurted out $1500.00 and he handed me a wad of $100s.
Looks like a [Bell Ranger](https://www.google.com/search?q=Bell+ranger&amp;newwindow=1&amp;es_sm=119&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=5aSFVcaDLI7GogS4w4FA&amp;ved=0CAgQ_AUoAg&amp;biw=1439&amp;bih=805), with $15m worth of autonomous upgrades.
Winner winner, chicken dinner.
There was an article from a couple days ago that said that one of his friends knew about it for a while.
Why I would have a hard time paying attention and understanding a topic in class, with a book full of the answers, and a human explaining it all. Yet, I will lock onto a random concept/idea/topic I find accidentally online and spend hours learning all about it until it makes (mostly) sense.
Amen.
The difference is that you can buy a 25 year old Corvette for about $5000 in great condition. A Porsche from that time will cost you $35,000. It's a pity.
I've had one for two years. I'm more better than you.
No.
Her words.
No clue. She's a blonde at heart. Wallet was only going to support for so long.
I'm actually not a huge fan of sitting in a chair for all that.
VT
Calm your tits.
Sounds good. But I wish you'd rev it out. You realize that shifting at the redline is more than OK.
How else will you tell people??!!!
How old is your car!
I think her natural color is amazing.
Looks to be a little choppy for surfing. Unless you're talking about your boogey board.
Except the updated mobile app for Android is shit.
Damn. Moving to Galveston and thought about getting one.
Amen.
The point of being frugal is to feel good about your money, and your life. Right? Anyway, my car was bought used. Been paid off for a while now. It's a fun car. I love it. Probably like $60k when brand new, and I paid 1/10th of that. Do as much DIY maintenance as possible, and drive the hell out of it.
[2002 BMW 540i 6-spd. ](http://i.imgur.com/wXbw3cu.jpg)
My car may not be *quite* as reliable as yours over the time that I've owned it, but because I walk or bike to work I save massively on wear and tear/consumables.
Nice looking rig. Build specs?
The PCV issue is getting to be so old that if your 15-year old T7 Saab engine is still running today, it's probably OK. Hey OP, for that price, the car is totally worth it.
The car in question.
Because it felt comfortable.
My brother had one left over from one of his pumps to Iraq and let me try it out.
Hmmm. Probably being hacked.
Probably a seizure. Fuck them.
Thanks for posting this. I wasn't aware it was available.
But a lot just steal them from people they arrest.
What does that exciting fact have to do with anything?
1030pm in CA.
There are two cars, a Mustang, and a Camaro, in Wilmington, NC that are used as patrol cars, which were seized from individuals and converted to unmarked police vehicles. Why would you pretend that this doesn't happen?
I was refunded the full amount I paid to have my logic board replaced. Set up a phone call with an Apple rep, and talk to them about it.
What's your opinion of the current Z/28?
See that guy? That guy doesn't give a fuck.
[My favorite open class PP monster.]( http://www.turbonines.com/artman2/uploads/1/pikes.jpg)
Is this only for the soak test?
Thanks.
Lawson's Sip of Sunshine.
I like it. I wish I could paint everything seafoam green. Easier to track the leaks....
Eggs Benedict
Had a fucking mall and McDs when we passed through.
[I've just done this](http://i.imgur.com/mg9FMM1.jpg) since moving to a state that requires a front plate, and stopped worrying.
It's only served in a few restaurants/bars.
Why only two?
DHS contacted Portsmouth, NH. You can see that in the included images of the emails. The library is in a different town.
Don't need a reason!
No. Portsmouth is just a city. I'm guessing they didn't have a clue the Lebanon library was doing this until DHS mentioned it. It just seems a little weird, among all the other weirdness.
Looks like a [Ford RS 200](http://www.bestcarsinf.com/manufacturers/ford/ford-rs200/ford-rs200-rally/ford-rs200-rally-2.jpg), a Group B rally car.
You're correct. Suh actually couldn't even see because of the face masking.
Belichick is just pumped that he didn't have to cut any sleeves off today.
I think they mean if you have a repair manual. What year and model is this?
Premium is a marketing term.
You should come experience Galveston. TAMUG is on a tiny desolate island, with one gas station, one bar, and 1000 maritime academy virgins who drive their daddy's trucks 500ft. from the dorms to the commuter lot so they have to walk less.
Look at that... ready and waiting.
Thanks for that link. I had no idea I was standing on two ticking time-bombs. Now I'm scared to go running on the beach with my dog. *
The city of Galveston isn't bad, and I live further west on the main island. I'm mostly speaking of Pelican Island, where the TAMUG campus is. My wife and I like Galveston for the most part, after living in some large, crumby, expensive cities elsewhere in the US.
I usually look for some crusty townie with a bobhouse out on the pond/lake/etc. If that sage old alcoholic is out there fishing and drinking, I'm confident enough.
You should take a peak at the Vuurwapen Blog. He does a pretty science-heavy look into Fireclean/Crisco.
I miss the free machine guns.
Saab... RIP
Android users should use Tinfoil for Facebook. That way they can use Facebook, and not use the Facebook app.
Awesome job!
The day my dog stops living.
Not sure if you've taken the time to read his blog, but the jist of his posts are that it is almost chemically identical to regular Crisco, or any Crisco-like shortening. There's a fair bit of independent analysis to demonstrate his claim, as well. Good read. But yeah, I'll just stick to whatever is cheapest if/when it's time to lube/clean my AR. I kept it mostly clean, but dry, in Iraq, and it was fine.
Some ranges have full-autos you can rent. I'm in a new career field now, and going back for another degree (bye bye GI Bill) that will hopefully help me get a better paying job. Eventually, I'd like to be in a position to purchase some registered machine guns. Yes, they are expensive, but no more than a used car.
I hear you on that. I was the crew chief in an amtrac. I miss my M2 and Mk. 19. I also spent a fair bit of time with the M240, which might be my favorite belt-fed.
Buy the land now, and wait a couple decades for that rising ocean.
Not sure... Wife has an R50, but you should check out the NPORA forum.
Is is close enough to say that Fireclean isn't some revolutionary, proprietary compound?
Fun fact: The Dodge Raider was just a rebadged Mitsubishi Pajero. The Pajero was, and is still, an extremely capable off-road vehicle.
We bought [our dog](http://i.imgur.com/1ACORaL.jpg) the [Petco Brown &amp; Tan Orthopedic Lounger Dog Bed](http://www.petco.com/shop/en/petcostore/dog/dog-beds-and-bedding/dog-beds/petco-brown-and-tan-orthopedic-lounger-dog-bed) and she loves it. She's about 55lbs... not very tall, but we bought the X-Large size, and have laid down several fleece blankets in it to add to the comfort level. It's worth it to sign up for the Petco discount club to save on it.
CT or VT?
Up to now, I'd say the Pats are looking pretty ragged, but we're getting a bunch of our core offensive players back. They'll be healed, and rested. I think we'll do pretty well.
It is huge. It's about the same size as the current AAVP7A1 RAM/RS that's it's replacing.
There are some old, crusty, amtrackers who think that any forward progress (wheels, v-hull, improved ballistic/IED protection) is sacrilege no matter what, because the tracks and inboard thrusters are being removed. The new versions will be much faster on land, and the same speed in the water. I can't tell you how many times I fucking hated the 40-50 yr-old design of those things. While the guns (M2 .50 cal and Mk. 19 40mm grenade launcher) were adequate for the vehicle's intended purpose, the turret itself was ancient, too small, optics were shit, nightvision was from the stone-age (if it worked at all) and everything was already broken from the last 19 platoons that had ownership of the vehicle before me. The transmissions were weak, which required that the engines (the one shining star on the AAV) needed to be detuned so the torque didn't shred gearbox internals. Comms were fucking PRC-119s. Four of them. That's four radios, which on their own were old as fuck, but still reliable, yet were at the mercy of the shoddy electrical system in the AAV. Even following correct vehicle startup/shutdown procedures resulted in far too many dumped fills and lost crypto. SOP was basically this: Ignore any ballistic protection that the turret/vehicle might provide and stick your head out of the turret/driver's hatch so you can see where you're going during the day, and especially at night. At night there are no functioning night-vision systems built into the vehicle that work for shit.... DVE? Yeah, you're fucking high. That shit is a 2D thermal scope that will still let you crash into something at more than 3mph. At least you can use it to see the fish under water.... if it worked at all. Crew chief? Yeah I'm up there with NVGs trying to see where I'm going, and relay to my moron driver who's 8ft. away, can't hear me because any number of Comm. issues has decided to pop up right as we're stepping off. There were some pros to the vehicle designed by a tuna boat builder. You can hide limitless amounts of contraband in them. They are so old, there are about 17 moving parts, total. Also make a great camping vehicle.
Ever been to the beach? The sand there is pretty compact. I actually drive my car on the beaches where I live all the time. Also, the new vehicles are 8x8, or all-wheel drive, or whatever you want to call it. They aren't getting stuck on a beach.
Ease maintenance. If you lose a tire/wheel then the vehicle can still push forward through whatever. The current AAV has two tracks, and if you throw track then you're screwed. So very, very, screwed. Also, the final drives on the AAV are weak. Six or seven feel of concertina wire will kill them if it gets wrapped up in there. The tracks are expensive, and the individual trackpads don't last for a long time, which means that you have to break track, unroll the fucker, and then remove/replace the individual trackpads. This can be a huge pain in the ass, because the bolts that secure the trackpad to the track itself are usually rusted solid, and need to be cut out with a torch because your two breaker bars are missing/broken, and no one in the battalion has ever had the forethought to buy impact guns. Of course, there's only like two people in the battalion that are authorized to use a cutting torch, and they're usually both on leave, or FAP'd out to the range or something.
-Chesty Puller, USMC
If you are handy with small screwdrivers you can take apart the 2011 MBP and remove every internal component. I have one, and have done so several times. The keyboard is "mostly" sealed around it's perimeter, but I wouldn't count on it being watertight.
Congrats. Hope the good luck continues.
It would be if it was easier to carry around. Luckily I had a turret for my M2.
Thanks for sharing the info for Onshape!
Cadillac-Gage for life.
You could upgrade/swap any 2010 MBP SSD and RAM. But, don't waste your money, most are older Intel CoreDuo chips. If you want to buy a used MBP to upgrade, look into 2011 or 2012 models with the i5 or i7 processors. You can find good deals on machines with great specs that still have room for today's affordable upgrades. I just put a 500GB Samsung Evo 850 SSD in my 2011 MBP w/16GB RAM yesterday. Works great. Swapping in a 240GB SSD into my wife's 2010 MBP today. The thing is, that a RAM upgrade will make the bigger improvement in speeding up an older machine. Also, an older machine is going to be good enough for 99.9% of users' needs.
It has some highpoints, like the quality beer and gorgeous state/national parks. But yeah, crappy place anything 2A related.
Pay per frame?
And all the fireworks!!!!
What was your most needed "get away" or change of pace/setting/etc. while you were developing the Rift?
Procrastination.
Entirely new group of people running the company.
I was referring to the group of businessmen running the company, as opposed to the singular Bill Ruger of the past. FWIW, I interned there a while back, in their investment castings engineering department, and saw the beginnings of a lot of neat stuff.
Sure thing. It's been a long time, and I've switched career paths since then, but I'll try to come with something intelligent sounding if you ask.
No clue. I have a good friend who works in the offices there, and that's the one question I always bug him about. He, who is not known for keeping his mouth shut, is completely mum on the subject. Pure speculation by me: They've been making popular versions of most firearms in the last 5-10 years (ARs, 1911s, polymer pistols, and now .22LR suppressors...) so it wouldn't surprise me if they have been developing a pump-action/semi-auto shotgun. Ruger is one of the few companies that can manufacture all parts in-house. They have a woodworking facility, a foundry, and a large manchine shop at a single facility.
Basic driving stuff: Use your fucking blinkers Drive with your headlights on Slower traffic moves to the right Don't block an intersection Use your blinkers before you hit the brakes Etc...
I'm a rock 'n roll kind of guy, but the intro music, and also the open-mic night version, really is a catchy tune. Reminds me of the music for pretty much any Danny MacAskill video.
Thanks, I spent a few minutes last night looking him up.
Every MAN Should Know.... that real men don't care what others think of their style. If it keeps me dry and warm in -17F weather, then it's good enough. No one goes out into frigid weather to model skinny jeans or four-month's worth of beard growth. If you're out in the miserable cold, then you're probably working.
But, that's not cold.
I'd finance everyone's rims, spinners, tattoos, shitty used cars, overseas arranged marriages, etc... at a lower interest rate then the dicks out in Jacksonville. But not by much - I imagine it'd still be a deal at 19% interest.
Wow, what a shit article. Be sure to tell all your buddies that step one is the hardest, and everything after that is a cakewalk.
1 mile is a longer distance than 1 kilometer. She was/is a teacher.
If you have the time and miney, and are able to loose both, then its a fun project. Look at it this way, you can't make it worse.
I've been out of a Saab for a few years now, but if I get the chance, I'd like to get a Viggen. (mostly because all the 9000 Aeros are toast)
Wrap 'em in bacon and drip 'em with maple syrup.
You cancel your Comcast account by telling them you're moving somewhere that already has a Comcast account.
Michael Jordan
Do any of these sell for competition use?
It's a nice five year-old car that's based on a 13 year-old car. Most of the kinks should have been worked out by now, but because the basic layout was produced in 2003, you'll be missing out on the refined features and performance that has taken place over the last decade. You didn't provide any details on the car itself (location, mileage, specs./model info, pictures, seller's ad., etc...) so it's always difficult to speculate on whether the car is a good example for the price or not.
c900 is best 900.
After I graduated I was working full-time and still not making enough money to successfully survive while making minimum loan payments. I called and applied for a deferment. Once it was approved I was able to still make payments on accrued interest + what I could reasonably apply towards the principal, and still be able to live a normal life. You can also apply for a forbearance. I'm not 100% sure what the differences are, but this website should point you in the right direction: https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/repay-loans/deferment-forbearance
Could you be more vague? Wisconsin is well-known for rusty cars. Anyway... you bought the car. Why are you asking if it's a good car/deal?
Why? Other than to solve a problem that doesn't exist...
Finally found some fresh St. Arnold's Endeavor DIPA, and it was a great upgrade from the 3-4 month old stock they've had around here in Galveston. Great stuff.
Like you need more proof that Texans can't drive? http://www.carinsurancecomparison.com/which-states-have-the-worst-drivers/ http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2015/11/27/worst-drivers-carinsurancecomparison-study-nhtsa/76317220/ http://www.foxsports.com/motor/story/worst-drivers-by-state-2015-rankings-113015
Dark-horse suggestion here... Check out Music Man amps. You can find an original amp from the late 70s within your price range. They have even been re-issued by an Italian company (correct me if I'm wrong).
Awesome answer. Thanks.
Cincinnati Man-Children
Winky winky.
The logic board is a covered repair now. Take it to the Apple Store.
I just put a new 500GB SSD in my early-2011 15" MBP. It helped speed things up a bit. I've also had the RAM at 16GB for a year now, and that was a big speed increase. It had it's logic board fail last year, and it was a free repair by Apple. I'd say go for it. It's a great machine.
I'm just shocked that Gronk flies Jet Blue. You'd think he'd pick something a little nicer.
Live in the barracks. Don't marry a hippo.
It shouldn't matter. The laptop itself is out of warranty, but the logic board is part of a new repair program.
St. Louis River Dolphins.
A $5 bomber of Lagunitas IPA.
How much do you think that would weigh....? Too much to be practical armor. And I'd just aim for his neck once it was all said and done.
Check out NESAAB.
Edit: their site might be dead.
I don't know why. I guess the only one to exploit it wants money for the info on how. This is the first phone that I don't care about rooting. Works fine.
Why did this game get the JV commentators?
http://www.cbssports.com/nfl/superbowl/live/player Yes they are.
Have an upvote.
"Guaranteed touchdown"
No. You'd be surprised, or not, by how intense the Batman v. Superman conversation gets. I'm in the camp that knows that Batman would get folded in half.
He's tall, and the Pats snuck their other center in as a fullback.
Wrong special.
2003
/r/neckbeardthings
Refball.
So true. I'd rather deal with not being able to choose anything on Netflix &amp; Amazon Prime vs. watching regular TV.
Oh right, Mr. Pro football speaking for all the armchair commandos.
.....aaaaaaaalmost. No.
Same as Cowboys fans that have never seen a great team... It's all relative.
He's doing The Expanse right now, and I guess it's doing well.
Remember all those LT tears?
That's not how it works, kid.
LT has rings.... around his eyes, from crying so much.
I'll give 'em a look, thanks.
Will do. Is it fairly common to find in Houston?
At the Natural History Museum right now.
Specs is closed today.
Good to know, but I don't head up to Houston a lot. My friend works at specs in Galveston, and he said he'll try to special order whatever I want, within reason. Yellow Rose should be doable.
Yeah, grabbed three bottles from Randalls earlier. Wish the one in Galveston had them.
Must owe some serious favors.
Yep
I think Military Arms Channel reviewed them both on YouTube.
Wow, nice rifle.
Shoulda bought a Cadillac...... WHOOOOOOOOOOO
Not sure if that exhaust belongs in /r/shittycarmod or what?
Tripod-tripod
Texas would beg to differ.
I'm colorblind, and I can barely make it out 100%. I wonder if the camera alters the colors just enough so that I can read it.
That pic from yesterday has been reposted a million times. I'm fine with reposting this one.
http://www.expeditionportal.com/forum/forums/123-Vehicles-for-sale-by-ExPo-members or http://www.expeditionportal.com/forum/forums/122-Vehicles-found-on-Ebay-CL-other-forums-etc
I've been drinking [these awesome beers](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/ldSJXDQwogJ_Vldc5rADHP6SM8s60tB4aTuMxBJkzEyHfbEr4mrwf5he-jrIk2HPyH23mIKqaLOpf__Bi-anL5izLbD0mHPMD5Q_-fEsaUxPROf_6pddnrQ9vR5maNIAHUc9tvcbUDXwYpOtDYqj3USLbARGw3QvxnfUWRduZVJX7vgBYYVrW9YE80oMQId0JIenODiSS0V9au7mo63CJlkwY89Rf8CyR4oXaUH2rB2bvQg_GDOXFG9mx4Ve_pxo3EfqAMCq28xLXiv_l8GPfEUCFoklYWvBizJse4vsoa5hlYqnMR5Io7CtRiQK40d_ESkzTPvQOdI73__qIo7EBDoMo-fX-soD1EvWVGi7OrAoD16qS3GRKXLYBUNbCWf8h-Zmgp2pY_RAIHEqT3MuH8nh8eHj108fhBi4ELLC8nEsSHlcHcL1aTDqmAiETboWXauZLKZz7wiUx7ZF5vuxabeyMc6iPz0v_-SIKcEIsdeWG6BwXTjjmrIxB9tifHMxHGxjxbeXnYegIR1NhLMQVGZKwbSOr2wp-F3syfj66Xywch7BQC9jxZqekwXiybIL3bw4=w453-h805-no) since I've moved to Texas. Great to mix it up with the IPAs I search for.
Light hoppiness, with a mild citrusy flavor. When it's really fresh there is a slight effervescent sensation. Probably the best pale ale I've had in Texas. It's amazing on those brutal hot/humid days here on the beach.
That seems to be the one that is hard to find, for me, in Galveston.
RIP Reddit servers.
You are wrong. FMJs absolutely come apart.
Reminds me a lot of Craig Mullins.
Uncle Sam's Misguided Children are always hiring.
He also was owner of Occidental Petroleum when the [Piper Alpha](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piper_Alpha) blew up in the North Sea, killing 167 people. Horrific oil rig destruction. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHriwdaEbms
Whoops, here: https://www.massdrop.com/buy/kizer-compadre
Talk to me. Who did it? How much? Can you do this yourself? Has it worn off yet? WHy didn't you do the slide? My USP was used and cheap (relatively) and I've thought about just soaking it in acetone and spraypainting it.
I'm also a student at TAMUG. Here's what I did: I went to the only local gun shop on the island: Sgt. Mack's Gun Shack on 61st St. and he took the membership paperwork and payment check to the board of directors for the range. He's a member, and he submitted my application (and my buddy's) as a vouching member of the gun club. The board of directors for the range meets once a month, so it may take a bit to get your membership back. I don't think anyone with half a brain gets denied. I mean... I was ok. Members can bring one guest at a time, so if you're curious, I can show you the range, and you can bring your guns/ammo/paper targets to shoot. PM me up if you're interested. Edit: I forgot to include that you can apply without a having a current member vouch for you. You'd need to send the application, check, and a letter introducing yourself to prove that you're a normal person who'd make be a good candidate for membership. I can't imagine it'd be too hard to write a paragraph or two introducing yourself. Also, as far as I know, because I'm now a member, I can be your reference on the application. I take bribes in the form of delicious IPAs from California, New England, or the rare variety from Texas: Yellow Rose. I'm half-kidding. I'm probably going to go there tomorrow to shoot. It's probably going to rain, but the lanes are covered.
I heard M-lock was better. But I have no FF handguards... so I'm all about the sling.
Exactly true. My dad was a carpenter for 35 years and hated doing homework.
I've been putting of assaulting the retards in my apt. complex. "Swallowing the frog" won't be a sufficient defense after I end up in court.
So, what's the fucking problem?
No disrespect or internet sissy-fighting implied, brother. I was at the bar (still drinking) and I think what I meant was that regardless of how much, or how little he spent on a USP, he's still got a pistol that's going to cycle ammo until the sun runs out of hydrogen. It could be pink or FDE. Won't matter.
O-ringed threaded barrels also available for USP .45. I think .45ACP match triggers are there too. (confirmation? ) No jet-funnel for .45 though.
I doubt it. You could probably dump it in your neighbor's septic tank for a year, and it'll still run. Was designed and tested with functionality and longevity in mind. (explains the fucking proprietary rail, but we don't speak of that) Here: http://www.hkpro.com/forum/hk-handgun-talk/160710-chat-hk-armorer-must-read.html http://policelink.monster.com/topics/47380-usp-torture-test-protocols/posts
No, I think you're right. I'm no competition shooter, but the USP forums are fewer and less far in-between, and that's pretty much what I've seen.
Hey, no problem. If you want to shoot, let me know, I don't mind sharing. What's your major at TAMUG?
It's possible. Only way to tell is if they've had nail gun fights yet, or stepped it up with a Hilti/Ramset.
That jpeg is missing most of its pegs. Shame on you.
What is GJ's plan to maintain America's infrastructure, and how will he pay for it? How will he fund education? How will he protect net neutrality? Does he know he isn't going to be a president?
The easy answer is allowing peers to administer justice: if they see the crime, they can dole out a "punishment". Hard (impossible) thing making that work.
Who said he was an anarchist? Calm down with that bullshit, because you now sound extra desperate to frame this in a favorable context for your guy. I don't think he's planning on cutting off power to the country, I just don't think he has a viable plan for any sort of nationwide platform. And he isn't putting out on paper for the country to see. I've seen his interview with Joe Rogan, and wasn't left feeling very hopeful. Doesn't seem to have the insightful, or real-world applicable horsepower that other candidates (ok... just Sanders at this point*) have presented. Cutting wasteful spending and bureaucracy is a token phrase for "I'll deal with it later." so I see that as a disadvantage. This is a major issue for the next 50 years in this country, and the average citizen doesn't realize it at all, and this is scary. Your generalization of that is even more worrisome. He has no plan, and that's going to kill his chance. Shutting down the education system is a sign of lunacy. Again, he hasn't laid out a single roadmap for his plan, and this isn't something that can be reformed with rhetoric. Show the population a fucking plan. It better be filled with PowerPoint presentations backed with PhD. references because his moral stance on the education system of the USA isn't enough to get Johnny and Janie through K-8, HS, and college. And, you realize that he can't just kill those established systems off, right? That would tank the economy. But you guys have thought of a replacement system that is easily, and fiscally affordable, that would offer a superior alternative? Yes... no? Ok... By definition, he would abolish govt. oversight, and let the market dictate the rules... except that can't happen when the big telecom/internet corporations control the tone of the way business is done. This pins GJ as a willing participant in the growth of big-business's control of the population's freedom. Guy is going to get the free 10% of ~~imaginary~~ perspective votes until the actual election. My prediction is that he doesn't get elected president.
Your entire sound-bite is ruined by the list of states that do as they want in regards to education. Here in Texas, we lag behind almost every other state in quality of education. This directly translates into the economy of the state because stupid people don't get good paying jobs, and they drag the economy down with them. What your are supporting is the ability of individual states to mandate a sub-standard level of education, at the lowest cost permissible, not because the want to (and they really don't want to invest $$$ to begin with) but because you think your right to pay no tax should come at the expense of the future of every young person. You pretty much suck at making a case for your guy, and you should really go read a book about planting seed for the future. The rest of the modern world isn't going to dumb themselves down so you can feel good about saving a couple hundred dollars a year while you eat pest-infested harvests around your birch-bark powered table lamp.
You sound like the kind of person who wants to take the easy way out. List for me the ways GJ can improve education in the US. Start at the federal level, because someone needs to keep track of everything. Next, list the ways each state will perform the role of educating each individual better than the current system. I don't think you can do that, because your candidate hasn't shared a single idea with the public. Prove me wrong with facts, provide me with his plan, explain his roadmap for improving what we currently have working. Show me what libertarian education system has foreigners from around the world flocking to it.
You're not being specific at all. Specific is the concept of single points, which you're not really sharing. This doesn't bode well for a candidate that has a lot of work ahead of him in the role of POTUS. POTUS means a lot of things; not just what you want it to be.
Praise Zeus.
I sat in the driver's seat of my amtrac as a HUMVEE patrol rolled by my vehicle and as soon as it made it past the gate the lead vehicle exploded. After a couple seconds of confusion we had guys running out to establish a perimeter and collect any wounded. A QRF Humvee rolled out and came right back with a Corpsman sitting in the back with the bottom half of both his legs blown off. I just leaned out over the hatch of my track and saw him roll by with a blank look on his face and no sound coming out of his mouth.
Based on how lackluster that article and video were, it may as well be my tomb.
Fuck it, Donny. Mark it.
Less for more. That's the paradigm shift.
There were three bottles of Yellow Rose here at the Galveston Specs. I was going to buy all three, but figured someone else would want one, but if it's there today I'm gonna grab it. There's a bar on Seawall (the main street along the beach here on the island) called Beerfoot that had a keg of Yellow Rose not too long ago. I've yet to see any Austin Beerworks, but maybe I've just missed it... I'll keep an eye out next time I'm at the store.
Magnolia is super far from Galveston, so I might make a trip up there to check them out.
I'd love to try it, but it doesn't look like specs has it near me.
That thumbnail look like the chamber for an AR15/M16.
But.... one bad season will destroy that percentage. If he'd been a HC for 14 years and had that win percentage, then yeah, it'd be impressive.
Which Americans?
A neural network powering data compression is at the heart of the story of Silicon Valley.
Great question, and the answer is Lake City. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lake_City_Army_Ammunition_Plant
That would explain the near-constant monotony, with rare instances of sheer terror or happiness.
Basically. Try the Dr. Cleaner app. That's free, but there isn't some magic app or trick that's going to make your machine better than new. Also, it helps immensely when you include important info about your computer, such as: year, model, OS version, all the hardware specs you can list. A slow MBP from last year is going to illicit different responses from one manufactured in 2008.
Stones. Rocks become stones as soon as someone uses them for something.
Your alternator may be dying. That will cause a battery to die quickly. Happened to my e39.
You're welcome.
Rocking it right now. Works pretty good.
Your tongue. Think about it.
Pliny the Elder, or Heady Topper. Although Yellow Rose is sneaking in there.
That's the ~~meme~~ joke.
Apple just repaired my wife's 2010 MBP when it went in for a new battery. Escalate the work order, or call apple directly.
OP, the GPU/video card issue is still part of an extended repair program until the end of 2016. I just got my 2011 MBP repaired for free.
Far away. Have fun.
Do it. You'll be able to find all the Alchemist Brewery offerings as well as the magic that comes from Hill Farmstead. And there are tons more amazing offerings in a small geographic area.
Go buy an AR in 6.5 if you expect it tomorrow.
Thanks for the reply!
Same here, dude.
Dude, it's absolutely never too late to do whatever the fuck you want. I'm 33, am living in my fifth different state since high school, attending my third different school, working on a second degree (with professional license), and took four years in the middle of all that to join the USMC and get drunk and break stuff. Long story short: You've realized you're unhappy and want a change. Most people lie to themselves their entire lives, and are convinced they made the right choice. Now figure out what you want to do, and do it.
Vacuum leaks will do this.
She'd bleed out before any infection would pose a risk.
WHen you gotta go, you gotta go.
Let's ask Wes Welker. He's only had one or two.
She's already voiced her support for Sanders.
Because it's fun saying fuck.
That movie was one of the least realistic military movies ever made. It's been scoffed at by the actual military for years.
You nailed it. This guy gets his car sideways, drives it to the limit, and has miles of smiles for cheap.
Which airport in Houston, Hobby or George Bush? I fly out of Hobby, and everyone goes through the scanner now. Supposedly, the resolution is turned down on these machines so that there aren't any detailed images. But I don't believe they're worth a damn anyway. Lines are so long, and lanes are kept unused while workers just stand around getting paid. It's sad.
It all makes sense now! In the past, I've watched some videos discovered from various pirate bays, and wondered why that popped up in the scenes.
Do you have renter's insurance?
Look up Bosnianbill on youtube. Guy picks all sorts of locks, Abus included. He loves them.
I don't think you understand the meaning of what you typed out. Lowest bidder doesn't translate to costing people lives.
Most states won't allow you to register it for on-road use. Be aware of that.
I know nothing of custom computer... anything, except this is my new favorite thing.
You'd be all set.
THis is awesome. I wish we had been able to do something cool like this when I was deployed. Whatever happened to it?
On the back of your Nissan Leaf.
Fond memories of Roxbury St.
I was right down the street from you on the corner of Roxbury and Franklin. Is Star convenience store still there. I haven't visited Keene in years.
Dude, I just searched one of my addresses from a decade ago and found two claims, one for less than $50, and one for over $50. Thanks for reminding me that this type of service was available.
Much beer and chicken salad was bought from there.
Cute dog. Time to get those nails clipped.
Firestone Easy Jack.
The lesson here is to never allow your boss to be friends with you on Faceballs.
Right, I get it. My dog's were the same way. It's just that if you put it off and the dew claws get damaged it's going to be a lot more expensive than paying $15 to have someone maintain the nails for you.
The cancer dog was going to die anyways. It would be cruel to give your pet a substance that's not safe for it just because your belief system convinced you it was ok.
I have a FlowFold, and it's the same thing for half the price.
They've been doing sidewalk repair all along Seawall for the last few months.
Hey dude, these next four years of are going to be what you make it..... yada, yada, yada. I have nothing to say that hasn't already been broken down Barney-style for you. Except... if you fuck up now, you will lose that sweet GI Bill. It's a lot more than just college money. It's good for vocational/technical training as well. Most people don't realize that and think they have to attend a college/university. Neither is a wrong choice, and you have that opportunity available to you once you get through your enlistment. College is fucking expensive, and most people accrue a mountain of debt trying to finish a degree program. Then they're just looking for a job to pay back the loans that start hounding them after the 6 mos. grace period is over. You get your honorable discharge, and use your GI Bill, and then you'll be ahead of the curve upon graduation... a degree with no debt. Your military experience won't guarantee you a job over the other swinging dicks, but the boss or HR-nazi will see you did something that required a ton of personal character and responsibility (you think you're just learning how to wax a floor and police call cigarette butts in the ocean?) and assume that you're not desperate job-seeker like everyone else. There are other great veteran benefits as well, and you don't even need to get a purple heart to earn them.
Hmmmm.
All those Massholes and anachist wannabees flooding up into NH.
You make is seem like enjoying an adult beverage with your father is a bad thing. My dad drinks so little it's been a rare and enjoyable thing to joke around with him at a bonfire or cookout.
Wood doesn't form a patina. It's only on stone or certain metals.
I don't demoralize it. I wish it were legal here.
It's not like the 1988 325i had that much power to begin with.
The volume on these files is so low. I have to turn it up all the way, and it's still barely audible.
My 540i was a well-maintained, great running champ until it's alternator died on a road trip. Any mechanical part will eventually fail.
I don't know what to tell you, other than what my experience is.
Can you get one of those cheap OBD2 port scan tools? Worked wonders for me.
Whose car would it be?
Nice gun, and nice picture. Did you borrow the Hubble for a closeup?
Looks like a standing tree harvester.
What do you think of the Monoprice DJ headphones? https://www.monoprice.com/product?c_id=108&amp;cp_id=10823&amp;cs_id=1082302&amp;p_id=8323&amp;seq=1&amp;format=2 I know they cost very little, but my ears are somewhat useless in detecting the finer nuances of hi-fi. (4 years in the USMC as an armored vehicle commander... bang bang boom) If you get to this message, I really appreciate. You're inbox probably just detonated.
Wow, thanks for the reply.
Just run around in the dark in your silkies, like we used to do.
Amazon sells replacement cables that run from the power block to the laptop. They're like $10-12 each. THere are several videos on YouTube on how to replace them. I've saved 3 chargers this way, and they are chugging along fine. Good luck with your laptop.
Some people think that updating to the latest operating system isn't critical, especially on older hardware. If it's an old Mini, it probably won't really benefit from El Capitan much more than what it's currently running.
I get what you're saying, but... "If it ain't broke..." Anyways, you're downvotes are pretty pointless when those who did it failed to take the 18 seconds needed to type out a reply. Imaginary internet points are retarded.
Super helpful.
You think that's abuse? Mine mostly sits in my pocket, and sometimes opens large packages from Amazon!
Is this because of some Federal vs. State power-fisting maneuver?
That begs the question though, why would an update fix an issue with an existing OS? What would cause a stable OS to have an issue that an upgrade would fix over restarting the machine, fixing permissions, resetting SMC or PRAM, or going as far as reinstalling the old OS? I can see how updating the current OS is relevant, but upgrading to a newer version doesn't seem like the silver bullet that cures all.
Fair enough.
Good point.
What does that have to do with it?
I saw the same thing shining down on the clouds as I fell through them while skydiving. It's such a cool thing to see.
How'd you get all those downvotes?
Check her phone.
Bigger the gob, better the job.
There are cheap, broken, Marantz amps/receivers?
Are you saying we should release the violent drug offenders too? They might be in there for a good reason.
I remember it being really hard to machine. It ate up tool inserts, and needed a lot of coolant. Also a bitch to deburr.
WRC is neutered. 80's Group B cars were true insanity.
Apple named their phone, "Phone", and you complain about Moto?
There is no way that helmet stopped a rifle round. They aren't rated for it. .223/5.56mm would have zipped right through it. There are tons of YouTube videos that demonstrate this fact.
This. So many people are assuming the Level III or IIIA helmet was able to stop the .223/5.56mm round.
Not sure really. If there are helmets that are rifle caliber rated, like the E-SAPI and E-SAPI plates in flak jackets we used to wear, then they'd weigh 30lbs. and be useless for any practical use. I think there was some custom Boba Fett helmet made out of AR500 plate that would stop most battlefield rifle ammo.
Are you sure? A 7.62x39mm will shred a Kevlar helmet. A 7.62x5mm will pop it apart.
The picture shown earlier was a regular, modern, Kevlar helmet.
I have huge doubts it was a rifle round that hit him, but I have no proof either. Police reports stated that the shooter had a pistol and an AR15. Those can be chambered in any caliber from .22 up to .300WinMag, but I would put money on the 98% of ARs being .223/5.56mm.
Stop saying assault rifle you fuck. Automatic weapons are almost NEVER used in crimes in the US.
That's not true, and an old wives tale. It was designed to penetrate the acceptable required distance into a Warsaw Pact-era soldier wearing contemporary body armor.
Wrong.
Ar15s use both rounds, so you're wrong on that point. There is functionally nothing different between the upper receivers of a select fire weapon (which any civilian can own) and a semi-auto rifle.
It won't damage modern barrels. It's a bad idea per most manufacturers, but modern barrel steel can handle the chamber pressures that a 5.56mm creates over a .223.
There is very little mechanical difference. Machine gun lowers have a third pin and a different disconnecter/sear. Same exact upper receiver that shoots the same exact round.
Correct. You don't seem to have a thorough I understanding of what constitutes military cartridge, and you also are vague/incorrect on the spectrum of calibers the platform can be chambered in. Your post was misinformed and lacked a complete answer. So... it was wrong.
Talk is cheap. Man up, Julian.
It's funny that it's actually water creating that effect.
Had to deflect from extending the fighting in Southeast Asia somehow.
We called it "winning over hearts and minds" Was also in sweaty Djibouti. Was sweaty.
I bet you could go find a junk V10 from an old Ford or Dodge HD truck or Expedition from a salvage yard and make a coffee table for a couple hundred bucks.
Seriously. There's nothing stealth about this thing.
Driving through Delaware and Maryland just fill me with sadness. It's as if culture and society simply gave up years ago. There's this special kind of bland. It was super frustrating trying to find something interesting to listen to on the radio, when everything was anti-federal government talking heads or jesus-freak prayer hour.
That makes sense. It would attract attention in other areas that don't allow overnight, or extended parking. Because it's yellow as fuck, and tall.
I drove from TX to NH, and didn't get one sideways look from the police. Thanks Waze. And, fuck I-95. That shit is for suckers, and people who can't pump their own gas. I-81 to I-88 to US-7 for this roadtrip. No tolls, great views, and only one slowdown in traffic.
I chose not to do I-95 this time. I've driven it more than enough times to know how bad that entire area is. It's turning into a hilarious situation to see so much butt-hurt coming from you. I'm sorry you're stuck in that hell-hole, but stop trying to polish that turd via your whiny messages.
Will you be attempting to earn your USCG third mate's license if you go for marine engineering?
I miss my 2002 540i 6sp. Such a great v8 u under the hood. A great cross-country road trip car that could also hustle around town with the best of them. Mine sold 20 minutes after posting on Craigslist with almost no haggling.
Thanks ~~Obama~~ Trump.
Bronwen is easy to spell and pronounce.
Is that a Chesapeake Bay Retriever?
Pretty sure my cousin met her husband in Antarctica.
Politics aside, I wonder how well DD rifles sold at Academy stores, or through their website. From my experience, the average Academy gun-buyer is an idiot, and their salespeople were pretty clueless as well.
I'm not going to downvote you, but I will say that Walmart is the most un-American company in the USA. Do your civic duty and avoid them at all cost.
I do. I've been twice in the last four years. Shop local, or at least go to a place that doesn't hate it's employees.
My friend has family in Bentonville, and describes the entire area as a cult... fully devoted to the Walton's.
It's all the same god.
It's spelled crayfish. At least, that's how we pronounced them up in NH. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crayfish
The NRA is part of the problem, because it refuses to acknowledge that there needs to be a productive reform to limit bad people from getting their hands on guns. Most responsible gun owners in the US aren't in the NRA.
Prefer lobster.
You mean Louisiana A&amp;M?
I know. I go there, with all the other dumb Aggies.
Galveston is a horrible place, and none of you should ever come down and visit.
Me too.
It's imgur. Blame them. In RiF, go to settings &gt; browser &gt; open link in browser window. (or something like that)
There's a RiF subreddit.
Lots of Gronk jealousy in this thread.
Welcome to the thread.
Craigslist, Saab Central, Saab link, and even though it has overpriced cars, Saab net has a large classified section.
Should probably pray harder.
That's what I said about living in California. It has better food, beer/wine, local/state/national parks, entertainment, natural beauty, etc... than 99% of the US, but it's full-retard on the issue of firearms. Now I live in TX, where the gun issue is fairly non-existent, but it sucks for almost everything else.
You used the word "clip". This is wrong.
Then why did the shooter have free reign to do what he did for several hours? The truth is that the cops waited too long.
Anyone can go buy a registered machine gun (pew pew pew pew pew pew). Anyone... as long as you pass the heavily regulated federal background checks and have lots of $$$. If you can buy a semi-auto firearm with no legal issues, then you can buy a full-auto firearm (the ATF classifies them as "machine guns") as long as you can afford it. The price difference between a visually identical AR-15 and registered M-16 is only about $25,000! This cost is what actually prevents 99% of the guy-buying public from owning a registered full-auto M-16. Some full-auto firearms are less expensive, but still very expensive in general. It's as if the people who make the rules in Washington D.C. have never played the game, and don't know what they are talking about. Prior to 1986 full-auto machine guns were available to the general public with no real issue.
Only one of those trucks has a transfer case.
Are these like the glasses that promise to help pilots and mariners pass their color vision exams, but actually block out other important colors?
Wouldn't matter. You're not allowed to wear any color-corrective eyewear for aviation or maritime vision exams. Most of the glasses are scams.
The USCG is glacial in its adoption of new technology.
I don't think any international governing body allows color corrective eyewear during vision tests. USCG is the US Coast Guard. They are the licensing authority in the US on maritime matters.
Just starting to learn about the reasons of the vote now, but my question: What, if any, influence would the USA have on this decision? I saw that an earlier poster stated that a possible reason for leaving the EU was that voters would have possibly wanted more independence, as well as wanting England (or all of GB?) to have the ability to conduct international business independent of the EU block.
&gt; Here's hoping America doesn't follow in their footsteps. Serious question: Who/what economic entity is the USA going to withdraw from? As far as I can tell ( I'm no expert, so bear with me) we aren't obligated to vote/do business with other countries in an economic bloc (or block?) like GB was in the EU. If anything, wouldn't England be looking to strengthen it's relations with the USA to dampen the potential losses or blowback from any negative EU economic reactions?
Broke bones, tore ligaments, got in car wrecks, crashed hard on skis/mountain bikes, almost drowned, etc... up through my first year of college (age 18). Spent four years in the USMC through three deployments and only had a few colds. Go enjoy life.
My parents wouldn't let me play football. I was a pretty good* athlete and competed on the ski team and threw javelin in HS. Got my varsity letter on both teams my sophomore year, and qualified for the state finals in the javelin on my first-ever competitive throw. Point is, my parents didn't want me getting hurt, and had plans for me to go to college on academics, and be more well-rounded down the road. I'm pulling this out of my ass, but I see young black kids who excel at certain athletics being pushed hard in that direction with the hopes that they'll succeed enough to secure a financial reward in the future. I'm sure the statistics are out there, and I'm sure they create a lot of drama, but what are the percentages of races/ethnicities that go to college on athletic vs. academic scholarships. And, how many are there solely to do well at sports regardless of failing academics? (We know that grades can be faked to keep an athlete from being benched... to say so otherwise is a fucking joke.) Anyways, what are the questions that we should be asking about OP's post? It has a lot to do with economic upbringing and social "stuff" off the field, and before the player even makes the team.
No problem! I'm impressed you read all of them. Have yourself a great weekend dude.
What are you, a lawyer or something? (I agree with you.)
I know you're making a joke, but from what I remember, the egg was first. Something about the genetic mutation happened in the egg to create the chicken from whatever chicken-like bird laid the egg. Sorry for the seriousness. I need coffee, and apparently my wife thinks I need to go shopping with her.
You forgot the one from Palestine, where the last frame has [Willie Pete](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_phosphorus_munitions) raining down instead of water.
Stop using HuffPo trash as legitimate news.
Just Texes things.™
They made it worse.
[You've never done any work on a car, have you?](https://www.google.com/search?q=bearing+grease&amp;newwindow=1&amp;client=opera&amp;hs=lZC&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwidg9qp6MXNAhUK1x4KHbB_DrcQ_AUICSgC&amp;biw=1436&amp;bih=800)
Same thing in NH for my NH Pistol Permit (CWP). Although it is an order of magnitude easier to get it in NH, I still had to list three, non-family references. To my knowledge, none were contacted during the "background check".
Your humidity guess is way too low.
I live in Galveston, but am up in NH enjoying the superior weather and food. 90* up here feels like heaven. 90* in Galv'istan feels like two giant asscheeks rubbing together.
Ex Machina was very good.
Looked like a 7-series. If he really loved his mom, I hope he splurged on the extended warranty. Those things turn into wallet-killers once you start paying for timing chains and the inevitable cooling system failure(s).
I know you're trying to be funny... so keep trying. But, you know, there haven't been a lot of bombings or shootings at US airports of this scale.
Great looking car. I had those same wheels on my first Saab, a 1986 900S.
The Riverwalk is all bars and parks and restaurants, yes?
Looks like two of you are shadow-banned.
There were more comments listed than actual comments.
I lived in Oakland during all those riots, and you didn't need a phone to record it. Every news helicopter filmed it and live-streamed it for hours upon hours. Lots of ground-level video of the mayhem as well. No conspiracy was at work.
It's an unloaded (no magazine inserted) Springfield XD.
I was on foot through it, and had multiple occasions where it sparked up (literally... fires and shit) around me and the TV/inline footage didn't miss much. We stood on the footbridge that spans I-580 (right near my old apt.) and would watch the morons block the interstate or light up the farmers market area with flaming trash cans outside the bars.
