Uh well maybe it was cold and he was trying to keep warm? I don't see how keys in the ignition are a guarantee that this guy was driving.
I have those same boxers. They are Christmas themed superman underwear
Yeah I was kinda being sarcastic anyways. Because mapporn always has the most ridiculous random maps so this kind of thing would fit in
I live in North Dakota I see about 1 Chinese person per year. I don't actually believe that Chinese people shit on the ground I was just going along with the shit I always hear on reddit haha. Come to think of it I've seen 4 people shitting outside and they've all been white
Ahem I masturbate to my globe every single day and my racial tolerance has never been higher. So you don't know what you're talking about
Wow reddit sucks. JLo uses her fame to endorse a charity and all you people care about is the fact that she isn't dressed like mother Theresa. I'm willing to bet JLo has donated more to charity than everybody in this thread combined. But no fuck her because she has some rings.
Yeah, that's why he thought it was GTA.........
Cool!!
Why would this petition affect them at all? Are the guys who made bloodborne gonna be like "ok guys we can make $50 billion dollars from PC but all these sweaty guys just signed this thing telling us not too. *sigh* guess we won't get that money"
God and every single comment was the same. "Omg this AMA is the best!!1!"
It's actually 2 four year olds standing on top of one another in an 8 year old body suit
To be fair some people do eat dogs. And some people keep pigs as pets. I don't get the argument you're making. Obviously people are not going to stop eating beef. Would you rather cows be treated like shit before we eat them or would you rather they get to enjoy the time they have alive?
Ok so his mom then
Ok
I do refuse to admit it's wrong. Because I don't think it's wrong. There's no argument to be had here because neither of us are changing our mind. You value an animals life just as much as a humans life and I don't. End of discussion
Maybe if you had a parent who wasn't there for things like that it would be easier to sympathize
Ah it's always the dumbest shit that makes me laugh the most
Montana?
Yeah they used to deliver by mail. I mean they still do, but they used to as well.
Idk what I just did but that was really hard for my brain to do
Neat! Ah ok give me 10-15 min I've never won this before
Yeah but what does the second part even have to do with the first part? The more proper way would be: Yeah alcoholism and drugs are bad, But maybe if you're can't quit drugs and alcohol you're better off dead anyways. Or something like that. Yours is just kind of confusing and doesn't really mean anything
7 faces 2 loudspeakers
Haha no I was just taking a shot in the dark... Was I close at least?
seating sections of a church?
Yeah those are interesting stats but.... It's Star Wars. You could release it any day of the year and I'm fairly certain it will smash every movie record there is. Has there ever been a movie with more hype and excitement surrounding it than Star Wars?
People don't just come on the Internet and lie about things man
First of all, how **DARE** yo u
I don't think that's the problem because some of them that aren't playing come from /r/perfectloops and they are definitely meant to replay.
I'll try n find one quick
I was surprised I made it this far before I saw some douche make fun of your beer choice
I had my phone all the way up and I had to hold the speaker up to my ear to hear what he said. He spoke clearly but the mic wasn't close enough to him
I would help my best friend torture them to death and then eat them alive
Does anybody have the original of this? Can't seem to find it
It's been years since I played so I could be wrong but I swear you could do an impossible in at least one of them
He's literally unable to even
2015 baby memes are HQ shit now
I call bs I bet you've never been to Walmart. Because they wouldn't point, they would look in the direction of the games, grunt and fart then walk away slowly
Tomato tomato
Hey shut your mouth we are hating on airlines here
Why are people from Cleveland fans of the Giants? That makes no sense to me Edit: or were you referring to the Warriors fans?
Yeah last I heard voat was down. Might be back up now. But I could care less if the CEO is a nazi, I just want to be able to get all my news in one place and be able to have discussions about it. Which reddit still is, so I'll be here till that changes
Is that the guy who plays Steve the pirate? Cuz that's who I thought of
sometimes at my Walmart I can find a cart that has all 4 wheels
You were still in school towards the end of June? That must have been rough, I was always done with class late May or early June
She's in greys anatomy
Ah I remember the early days in like 6th grade when I would finish and immediately apologize to God because I felt like such a pile of crap with no self control. Then I would jerkoff again 20 minutes later and repeat the process.
Are they supposed to open every box and check every bag of fruit snacks? It is the fault of the warehouse or whomever sent the fruit snacks to Walmart. As others have said, it is walmarts brand so yeah they are at fault in the end but it isn't necessarily the fault of the particular store that sold the snacks
That's classic marketing. They don't give a fuck about existing customers it's all about making new ones
Anybody got a mirror?
That's true I bought this account for $80. Btw make sure you use Tide© Detergent to keep your clothes fresh!
I clicked it and forgot what country it was, I assumed it was China and they just had some translation issues... Smh England I'm disappointed
Has support for the confederacy ever gone up since the civil war? I mean wouldn't support be lower every day basically? Or are the confederates still out there recruiting folk
Or put super glue on it with a string attached and wait for it harden. Then as a bonus you now have a string on your phone to play with when you get bored
Haha umm.. All I asked was whether support for the confederacy has gone up... But I'm sorry those mean northern bullies made you feel bad
Cmon man, that's so politically incorrect. We call them 'Chinamen' now
No offense guys but this sub is becoming a bit of a circlejerk
One time I was playing hockey with my older brothers friends and one of his friends was being really rough with me and trying to start stuff. Eventually he slammed me into the boards and hurt me pretty bad. While I was still laying on the ice my older brother held his face to the ground by me until He apologized then he made him help me up. That is one of many stories I have of my brother protecting me, I'm sorry your older siblings weren't the same way.
Haha people from places other than Canada play hockey.. And if we were Canadian none of this would have happened. I would have been knocked down by accident, and his friend would have bought me pancakes to apologize. But you were close, I'm from northern Minnesota haha so basically Canada
Best I can do is $1.25
Fun fact: the lint I picked out of my belly button this morning is more valuable than Zimbabwean currency
He has insurance he doesn't need a helmet because they will just replace his head with a new one
Do people around here prefer crunchy to smooth peanut butter? I used to prefer crunchy, that all changed when I found my first dead bug in it
I don't use tinder but all my friends are pretty easily able to find girls whenever they want on there. Heard a story from a friend who met up with a girl at 8 am to hook up, got a back massage afterwards and was gone by 9. Idk it can't be too hard
My mind says no... But my boner says yes
Christ I would really like to see your top 10 if Kobe isn't in it. I'm no expert on players from before the 80s but I don't see how you can possibly leave Kobe out of the top 5. Edit: I appreciate all the feedback, I would agree now he might not be top 5 but I still believe he definitely deserves top 10
I don't want to be the one to make an argument for him because I don't know all the stats off the top of my my head but I would really like to hear the argument where he isn't even top 10. I won't deny that there is a strong circlejerk for him but I seriously can't think of 10 players better than him. I'm interested in hearing your opinion though
There is an argument there, but I would put him ahead of Larry Bird for sure. Also I'm surprised you left out Wilt. It's hard to compare players from the NBA now and players from the 60s. Because Russell's career stats were bonkers but I really don't think he would have been nearly as dominant in today's NBA, at least not nearly as dominant as Kobe has been for 15 years or so
2spooky4me
Hard to take that list seriously when they have Tim Duncan as the #6 best player of all time. People seem to be forgetting how God damn amazing Kobe was in his prime. He has an 81 point game, five 60 point games, and like twenty 50 point games. Kobe used to play like Lebron in the playoffs this year, but every game all the time. Whoever made that list must have forgotten to consider Kobe because it doesn't make sense that he's not on there if Lebron, Duncan, Bird, and Shaq on there. Kobe misses one year and everybody forgets who he is I swear.
Why do people think Tim Duncan is better than Kobe Bryant? I really don't get it. They're both amazing players but seriously Kobe in his prime is way better than Tim Duncan in his prime. I remember watching Kobe play back in the day and being mesmerized at how amazing he was. Nobody compared to him until Lebron nowadays. Maybe I'm just not giving Duncan enough credit though. To be honest I rarely ever watch the Spurs play so I really shouldn't be talking, but it just is crazy to me that people say Duncan &gt; Kobe. Edit : and when I say nobody compared, I meant people that came after him, not before
Do ER docs do a lot of butt stuff with each other?
That's just how things always go. Just like how black people use phrases and words then whites people start saying them and the black people have to make up new words until we steal those too
It's weird to think that 9/11 is the greatest tragedy a lot of Americans will deal with in their lifetimes, and the amount of deaths on that day are crazy to us, but back during WW2 these kind of tragedies were happening every single day, with like 100x more deaths. It's such a cliche thing to say but it really helps me put things into perspective and be happy with my life.
Yeah that's not how the story goes, I don't think saving some olives would be able to save a failing airline... But it is true that some airline saved like 300 grand in a year or something by taking out one olive. I see it posted on reddit all the time
/u/trollabot LiiDo
Is this a line in The Cable Guy? Why did this make me think of that movie
Lol yeah i doubt your average prostitute is going to be half as good looking as the girls he is with
Does the average /r/cars browser not drive an old Datsun? Huh, news to me. Edit: apparently the average r/cars user has trouble sensing sarcasm as well.....
That would be great to hide an SD card in a coin with some really intense message about nuking China or something, and when people found it it would open up a whole can of worms and conspiracies, even though it was all bs
Haha I imagine the person who masturbates to that stuff has a lot of degrees, and is very, very boring. And probably doesn't even get all the way naked, just pulls his dick through his zipper hole and leaves his shirt tucked in
The highest point in North Dakota is about 4 feet and the lowest point is about 3.5 feet.
Why don't you just shut your damn mouth you little shit....
Hahahaha oh man I just imagine some 70 year old flying in circles, titties flying everywhere and loose skin all over the place. But I would say your grandmas tits are saggy because she is a grandma. Also why is your grandma talking to you about why her tits are so saggy?
Living up to the name. Perfect
I wish I remembered what it was like to not know how to swim. Because I feel like it's so simple that I would be able to figure it out pretty quick if I were in a situation like this. It really confuses me that people can't swim but I don't remember what it's like to not be able to so I have no idea how that feels
Yeah I deleted it like 6 months ago
People are so shallow amirite
Original post: https://www.np.reddit.com/r/AnimalsBeingDerps/comments/3ztkxx/our_siberian_husky_found_a_hole/
I'm not really sure the point you're making. So are you saying the people doing these crimes didn't do them in their home country, but they do it here because they don't agree with our rules? Idk I guess your comment confused me
All video game subs are pretty negative in general with the exception of a few but to be honest this sub is definitely the most negative of all the gaming subs I follow. For the last few months this place has been nothing but bitching about the new diamond cards that come out. I get that myteam is popular but as somebody who doesn't play myteam it gets really annoying seeing nothing but posts complaining about it here.
I just put the business as my first name so I'll get a pen with my name on it. It also requires me to put an address and I just put one of these: • , and it let me do that
&gt;if the bison win &gt;if
Lol I don't think being a drug lord is something you can just choose to walk away from peacefully whenever you want
Lol good luck getting the winner to give all his money to strangers on Reddit
Am I the only one around here who thinks weed is better than alcohol?
I think the chances of somebody picking the exact same numbers as you did are about the same as winning the lottery
Every time I see this I read through the whole thing it and makes me want to shoot myself
Yeah I know but I'm saying the chances of 2 people here having the same exact numbers are incredibly low. Like crazy low. So I don't think it's necessary to post your numbers because there is basically no way 2 people will even have the same number. Unless you expect millions of people to post their numbers. Even then I bet the chances are slim that 2 are the same
Haha yeah because it takes so long to turn airplane mode off huh?
Found the North Dakotan
I snorted
43 . 317-360=43
Yes
Still don't have to worry about every dick only like 5% of dicks
That is a very good question
Is that an el Monterey burrito? I have eaten those every day for like 3 years, favorite food ever. The prime way to cook it is microwave it for 50 seconds, flip it over, microwave that side for 22 seconds. By then the burrito should be bursting a little in the middle so you fill it with shredded cheese and cover the top with cheese as well and microwave it another 30 seconds. Then you add taco sauce and sour cream to that bitch and destroy it
Beef n bean? Those are my shit
Haha yeah ok I exaggerated a bit I probably eat 1 or 2 a week I just wanted more credibility among the burrito community :/
The Spanish translation is picante picante, just in case there are any Mexicans reading this
you say in all fairness as if terry did something bad by looking for his name
I expected there to be a funny ending but it just sort of ended unfunnily
Each K&amp;N sticker adds 10 HP as well
Solution: pay all college students 6 figure salaries. Problem solved
I think some leg scrapes will be the least of their worries without helmets
No way you know the Clintons too?? Seems like everybody here does thought I was the only one
"Is that guy our running back?" "No that's the executive vice assistant manager of water bottle filling and emptying."
Haha all I had to see was that his nickname was Dr. Steelhammer, didn't need to know more
Still would have had to load the tweets from then. It only shows a certain amount at once. Bet it still took forever to get all the way back to 09
They were heated before it snowed, the snow melted as it landed on them
I know but I'm saying you can't search for a tweet unless you have scrolled far enough down to show it on screen. Like it shows 100 tweets at a time or something so you would have to keep scrolling through the tweets until you got to 2009. You can't just hit ctrl+F and search all the tweets. You have to load them first
The search bar to search for users? Yeah I guess I didn't know you could search tweets with that now. My bad
I wasn't aware you could search tweets with the search bar I thought that was just for searching users. Whoops
The paragraph at the end implies that it is only illegal on the subway. It says it's legal on facilities just not on the train. So I assume it's also technically legal on tables in a park
I might be wrong but I feel like I read somewhere that your dreams actually occur right before you wake up. So like right before you wake up your brain puts the dream together and you wake up when it 'ends'. I feel like I did a really bad job of explaining that but if anybody could find an article about it that would be nice. I'm pretty sure I saw it on Reddit
Yeah that ice is probably like 2 feet thick. No problem
Isn't a hypocrite somebody who judges somebody for something that they themselves also do? How does that make that guy a hypocrite? Just wondering not trying to be a dick
As a mobile user I appreciate OP uploading it though imgur. Suppose he could have credited them in the comments too
That was neat. Also infographics like this about the ocean creep me out
"Now what?"
The tech school I go to costs about $2500 per semester and that is like dirt cheap compared to anywhere else. No idea where this guy went to school
That Pistons team was one of my favorites of all time. Such a rugged team they always seemed so badass to me, like they were the bad guys. And Always loved Chauncey Billups and I tried imitating his shot when I played. Always use his animation in 2K too
Because that person is a monster that's why
Don't forget Rip! Loved that guy and his facemask. I wasn't even aware the Spurs and Pistons had a rivalry though.
Wow I totally forgot Larry Brown was the coach that year. What a legendary team
I may be a bit biased as a Vikings fan but I've always thought we have some of the best uniforms in the NFL
I love everything about the bucs new uniforms except for the ugly ass alarm clock style numbers they use
Had to google the throwback jerseys to see them, when is the last time they wore those? Feel like I've only seen them like once. I like those way more than their regular uniforms
Well in this case the period is just tiny so it's hard to click it without hitting another part of the screen. However mine shows up like this: http://i.imgur.com/YVB0LHA.jpg So it must be a problem for people that don't use alien blue only because I have no problem clicking it
Lol I think if you can afford a hydraulic system to play video games with I don't think paying bills is an issue
Jesus Christ that's some wild speculation. "Well he's black so must be poor, and since he's black and poor obviously he would have told people he won so basically he should have expected to get murdered. What an idiot"
Still lucky
I have no idea what people blowing through red lights and almost hitting you has to do with weed. Are you saying they were high?
I don't see anything wrong with the criticism. In the past, if any dirt was dug up on a nominee like there has been for Hillary, that candidate would have been blacklisted immediately and basically had no chance of winning. Anybody trying to be president should be ready to get destroyed by the media and have their life scrutinized and examined. It's crazy that all this stuff has come out about her and she's still the top candidate and people just seem to brush all the controversy off as no big deal
Yeah I do. Has she really gotten that much criticism outside of Reddit? Seems to me this is the main place where people hate on her. The msm is pretty good to her. And hasn't most of the criticism towards her been basically about the emails she deleted and the fact that she gets a lot of money from corporations? I don't see anything wrong with her getting criticized for those things.
&gt;NFL all time receiving leader, beating out the GOAT. 1,964yds I don't get what this means? Are you saying he is the all time leader in yards?
Ah gotcha. Yeah his stats aren't really as crazy as some hall of famers but the fact that he did all he's done after only 9 years in the league is crazy
Did you have a seizure when you were typing the end of that sentence?
Got Vegas 2! Much thanks OP!
Moorhead represent
This is the top comment on literally every single post when a celebrity gives money to flint.
What? I'm not quite sure what you're trying to say.
Yeah I wasn't saying that is literally taught in economics 101 I was just making a joke...
Must be Obama posting comments from our accounts again trying to take our karma away
That makes no sense. So since somebody donated money, and then a user posted a link about the government giving federal funds to state in the comments, that in turn means the government claims it is donating money? Seems like a wild assumption to me. And once again, tax money isn't forcibly taken. You need to do a little research on taxes and what tax money is used for. Not going to respond to this anymore as obviously we are not understanding each other
Is this the new thing now? Reversing every gif that gets posted
What do you mean? There's a short wall on the outside. The only way to lose a board would be to launch it off the vert
I have literally no idea what this has to do with minions but ok
&gt;objectionally I think you mean objectively
I don't think anybody said this was supposed to look like it did when they were new
I'm a rising star in 2s/3s, defense is my strong suit but I have no problem offensively either. I'd be happy to play a defensive role if we ran 2s, I'll add you later today. Think we would get along just fine. I don't have any clips to post but if you check my Xbox feed i got all sorts of good stuff
So do you have to play a lot of h2h games to do this? Or how does it work? Sim games? Just looking for a little more info bout the league
I'll take Cowboys
Only the second video here I've refused to watch, Idk I watch some fucked up stuff but damage to the eyes is not something I like to see. Just grosses me the fuck out
What, you don't like blurry, crooked pictures of tv screens?
I recently bought the official rechargeable battery pack because I prefer to just plug it in rather than switch batteries, but I used an energizer charger and the same 8 batteries for like 5 years and they worked great up until the end when they all wouldn't hold a charge anymore, but that was after 5 years heavy use so I was pretty satisfied
Im pretty sure you can use X12s with an adaptor. Couldn't tell you how but my brother did it for a while and he's 12 so I'm sure it's not too hard to figure out
You can get game volume but I think it has to be adjusted in the settings, you can't do it with the controller buttons
Ah I see, thanks
You go into the settings on your Xbox, not sure what section but there is a section for game chat and you change it there
Lights can work just as well as roundabouts, it all depends on whether the drivers know how to handle each. My town had a huge plan to replace 75% of traffic lights with roundabouts and ended up scrapping it after a while because people had so much trouble understanding how to properly use a roundabout. When roundabouts are used properly it can be a beautiful thing, but if not it's just an absolute shit show.
This happens in like 98% of all action movies, one character has a chance to kill another and he doesn't and it comes back to bite him later. Don't think this should really be called a pothole, it happens all the time
Also 2002 raiders. Weird that the 2 teams with pirate names dominated for 1 year then completely turned to shit
As a Minnesota sports fan experiencing bandwagon fans for the first time ever, I would appreciate if y'all would leave us alone and let us lose in the cold. If the wolves get good, it'll be great, but until then I'm sick of hearing how scary we will be. Been a sports fan here long enough to know that I can't get excited whatsoever until the final buzzer of the final game.
Shut up, when the nuclear war comes, we will tell the government how to react since we have already discussed it
Maybe cigs were different in the 90s but my uncle died after he fell asleep with a lit one in his hand and it ended up burning his house down. I believe they assumed it fell out of his hand and started the carpet on fire and he died from smoke inhalation
On X1 that works, I switched from physical to digital on a few games recently and there was no problem. I'll assume it's the same with PS
Lolz talking about things that aren't NBA in the NBA sub, we are so random amirite guys? Edit: am I the only one who thinks the Wolves are gonna be scary in the next 5 years?
I usually love when songs do this but a lot of the time I listen to music with 1 ear bud in at work and it drives me crazy
100 foot toll bridge in my town took a solid 10 years to be fully paid off, and it was used by hundreds of people a day. pretty sure a bridge for this situation would cost an insane amount and the 9 people who would use it wouldn't even get close to paying it off with tolls
A motorcycle doesn't cost nearly as much as most cars, they get great gas mileage, they're easy to store, they're easier to maneuver through traffic. There's plenty of reasons why somebody would want a motorcycle. Yeah there's risk driving any vehicle but if we are going to ban everything that can hurt people, then we got a whole lot more than motorcycles to worry about.
definitely did it to rep NDSU
Yeah and I'm pretty sure server problems and lag are still a somewhat common issue around here... Don't get me wrong RL is the greatest game ever but sometimes the circlejerk gets too intense
Seems to me EB games is using it right then? Like, 'oh my god so many deals what do I do?'
Hahaha reminded of the Dane Cook bit where he's talking about weird shit you think during sex, "my dick feels like corn"
Are the mods saying he's lying? Who just goes on the Internet and tells lies?
There was only one comment saying that type of thing and it was downvoted to the bottom. Not sure what you're seeing. Both comment sections are basically the same
TIL Shaquille O'neal used to play basketball
The second the Wolves start winning the haters will come out of the mist
Lmao yeah I'm sure that'll help
So anybody who is a fan of a non winning team can't say anything about the teams better than them? K
If it were any other topic besides ISPs and the FCC I would agree with you. They literally do not give a fuck about their customers' problems
Haha this is one of my favorite lines from the show. Really caught me off guard the first time. Also love when he shoves Ricky against a trailer
Yeah he better hurry or 120,000 other people might downvote it and ruin his karma
I'm 87 and where the fuck am I
Lmao yet [this](https://m.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/4nxee3/roommate_tells_me_he_cant_find_my_package_call/?utm_source=mweb_redirect&amp;amp;amp;compact=true) is one of the top posts over there. r/funny is literally the least funny sub on reddit
Everybody on this sub remembers the last 2 games they watched and nothing more. Actually I'm almost certain a lot of the commenters here don't even watch the games so they basically remember the box score of the last 2 games
I recently plummeted from rising star div 3 to challenger elite div 3 and been waiting to find some good teammates to try and get back up. I'm rising star in 3s as well and I'm on most days. I'll add you when I get home if you wanna play
I've yet to see anybody calling Ichiro the hits King, only people freaking out saying he isn't
Asics aren't Walmart shoes
lol
Yeah but why the fuck would anybody think that little white kid is in any way similar to Steve Smith the WR? I don't think any NFL fans who know who that is would think they're talking about the NFL player in this context
Are you asking or telling us that?
Not often but if golden state wins everybody is going to bring that up as their reasoning of how the Bulls are still better
This is the one feature I'm surprised they haven't gotten rid of yet. Most games have gotten better about it, I remember FIFA used to record literally every little thing you did. Every save was recorded no matter how lame. Really drove my crazy
Thank you, tired of explaining to everybody why I like to fuck shoeboxes
&gt;but I didn't think of it at the time Every interaction I have. If you're like me you'll be replaying that convo in your head for years wishing you had said it
This sub is no longer for white people-esque behavior, now it is literally just a sub for gifs with white peoples in them
u/trollabot liido
I'm about 10,000 karma away from being able to trade my account for a boogie board... So pumped
You are now banned from r/NFL
They just don't make shows like they used to. It's just a different era now
People here are acting like Dunn is the second coming of Jesus, that's getting attached to potential
Wat?
Lol implying that people didn't believe rumors before Facebook
"Is your gf single?"
Ever since more people started following that sub, the top post of every single thread is a mod post telling people to stop telling jokes and making low effort comments. People just don't seem to understand how that sub works and it drives me crazy. But the mods are awesome I wish more subs were run like that.
I think that's basically true about people in general. Also his comment makes sense, you just didn't understand it so I wouldn't go calling people retarded when you have trouble reading
I agree it was worded pretty badly
Sam Cassell here. Willing to argue with anybody who doesn't think he's #1
They played amazing defense but they couldn't finish for shit on offense. Seemed like everybody was afraid to shoot so they just kept passing till they lost the ball
I would say it's definitely more than 250 square feet at least
Some people take a lotta dumps
Stupid question, but why would he want to get a yellow on purpose? What's the strategy behind that?
Ahhh ok yeah that's what I thought, the other comments made it sound like he was asking for a yellow for himself. Didn't make any sense to me. Thanks
Ok well if you're attributing some of the Panthers loss to the fact that they played an all time great defense, then you have to attribute some of the Warriors loss to the fact that they faced one of the greatest players of all time. Cam and Curry were in the exact same scenario. Dominated up until the final game, then got outplayed by an all time great. But yeah no excuse for Messi he just plain choked
Yeah and Curry lost to arguably the second best player of all time. It's the exact same scenario I don't know how you can say one choked and not the other. They both played like shit when it mattered
So your theory is that doctors are doing circumcisions to make money? It's the parents choice, it's not like the doctor can just circumcise every baby and then bill the parents for it
What do you mean? It's the same thing except the roles are reversed
Usually if I have any type of thing happen that would make my eye swell shut, I will have taken my contacts out before it swelled up, because at least in my case, if I have any type of eye problem my contacts usually become pretty painful to have in and cause discomfort until I take them out. I'm sure every scenario is different, but the only time my eyes swell shut is due to allergies or getting hit in the eye, and both those things would force me to take my contacts out pretty quickly because my eyes would be stinging. But yeah maybe there is an instance where your eye could swell up without you really noticing and not having time to take out the contact, and in that case idk what you would do. But yeah that is just me personally, maybe I'm the only one who has to take my contacts out if my eyes bother me at all. Tl;dr, me personally, I will have taken my contacts out before my eyes had a chance to swell because my eyes would be in pain leading up to swelling
I went to high school with a guy who had a prosthetic starting at the elbow, and he had a pirate claw looking thing at the end. I don't know how it all worked but he played video games and sports and everything else without any problems.
Moorhead represent
I lived in Fargo for 14 years so I'll allow it I suppose
Ok so what exactly is your title referring to? What is your easy fix? Nothing will make people stop complaining about it. Idk why we even give complainers the time of day. Let them all bitch to each other about how much new maps suck. If you have played this game for this long and still complain about little things like that, then you just suck and you probably aren't going to progress much until you learn to deal with different game situations. Same goes for people bitching about being stuck with lower level teammates after the reset. If you are so bad at adapting to different teammates that you need to blame them and come here to bitch, then chances are you just aren't that good at the game.
Exactly. I feel like most of the complainers are probably lower level players. Wasteland and Tokyo both seem to play a lot faster and make you rely on aerials a lot more so I can see where lower level players would struggle. I used to hate on wasteland as well when I was getting dominated because I couldn't keep up with other players, but that led me to speed up my game and improve a lot of areas that I wouldn't have had to deal with on regular maps, and it really helped me up my game. People just gotta embrace the new maps and try to adapt and they will surely see a big improvement in their game
You can't trade in very rare items. And painted and certified items aren't very rare they have the same rating as their non painted/certified version
Haha yeah I didn't mean to come off sounding rude was just saying if you wanted to find some discussion you could find some through searching :) but yes I agree a 3 net mode would be pretty awesome
&gt;most common international language I agree, all heads of state should be able to speak Mandarin Chinese. Lol also there are more Spanish speakers than English
Balls and weiners
Lmao this is the wackiest offseason yet!
You can but it can't be misleading. Has to be similar to what the old name was. Like can't have a page called zebras about zebras and shit and change the name to llamas. Because it's misleading to those who think they are following a zebra page
Iceland is in the ocean
It's called football because it's named after rugby/association football. The first games of American football didn't allow using hands and used association rules. Then eventually merged in some rugby rules to allow hands, and eventually several more rule changes later it became its own sport.
Lol you really missed the joke that hard huh
Is this a PC problem? Don't think ive seen any hackers on x1
Eventually nobody would take the money so they just had to give it to an orphan. That's Minnesota nice for ya
It's the size of a KFC spork
Lol yes the one announcer has said it a few times. That's hilarious
I got in a situation like this once, I was playin Xbox hoping to pass the time until the other guy left. He stuck around for like 8 hours though until I finally left the game. Serious dedication by that guy
No homo
It was free on Xbox 1 a month ago
How do you feel about what AP did?
What do these numbers mean?
He's iight
Also a lot like reading comments here sometimes
I can't imagine anybody other than dudes hoping to see a titty fall out watch it. They make it seem coo and intense in their 3 minute montage videos but watching them just play a normal game is hard to watch. Plus I get the fact that they wanna make them sexy and have their tits out but they just look uncomfortable in their pads
When lenders get refunded by PayPal, does PayPal take money back from the borrower? What do they do if the borrower has already taken the money off of PayPal?
Ah I see. Does PayPal do anything to get the money back at that point? Or are they content with just leaving accounts at negative balances? Or wait would they even be losing money in this scenario?
Yo dog I got the crates you got the cash?
It used at least have some content. Like it was all self deprecating memes that were relatable but now it's nothing but a karma grab with no jokes. I seriously don't know what's even going on there or why people are so entertained by it. The sub has gone way too meta or something idk
There was a front page post yesterday where Dwight Howard was referred to as just Dwight
Ah yes I meant to include that that was a real blow losing him. I think Troy Hudson* was the backup PG at the time? Oofda
Can confirm: played GTA Vice City as a boy and now I'm a psychopath serial killer. My kids will only be allowed to play Viva Pinata But really though, haven't there been a lot of studies showing no link at all between violent games and kids doing bad things?
Except then you get an electoral college situation going on where 6 players from the Warriors get selected and nobody from the Jazz for example gets in. I think the NBA should give like 40 players or so to vote for and the fans pick from that list. Or whatever number makes sense idfk
I don't think R3 does anything on the start screen though. Only on the screen that shows your car and stuff
What am I looking at here
Might seem that way now but once you play more you'll realize it's actually pretty easy to go up and down. Last season it was way harder to rank up than it is now. You might think you're ready to move past prospect 1 but if you're stuck there then you're not ready to move up. Simple as that. You say you're not worried about rank and that's great because once you stop worrying about rank and just worry about mechanics and improving your game, you'll get a lot better.
Pause and hit mute/report player
I can't say for sure but I recently saw another post complaining about not being able to choose which keys you use to unlock crates, so I would assume the answer is no
Along with the advice given already, just be nice and don't give your teammates shit when they miss a save or an easy shot or whatever. Nothing is more demoralizing than having a teammate shit on you for screwing up. Even with 50 days played I get really thrown off when I get a toxic teammate sometimes, because when you know they're just going to flame you the second you fuck up, it puts a bunch of pressure on you and makes everything more difficult. Also learn to switch your game up to match up with your teammates. I mostly solo queue when I play so I play with all different kinds of teammates, and being able to adapt to different play styles is pretty big. Just pay attention to how your team plays in the beginning and know what role you need to play to best help out. I played a lot of solo standard and found that nobody likes playing goalie, and therefore nobody was that good at it, so I spent a solid week doing nothing but playing goalie and I've gotten really good at it, and it really helped my overall play a lot by learning all the mechanics it takes to be a good goalie.
I've been promoted to D1 a few times
Wow that is one shitty gif. Is that 3 frames?
It's not about just Chargers fans, changing the logo would get a lot of new fans in LA to buy the gear. When the Nets rebranded a few years ago, they went from like bottom 3 in merchandise sales to top 3
"Julio Jones has more catches on third down when the sun is up than any player in the afc south during road games since 2011 while wearing black cleats"
Unless your friend played the majority of his games without you, there's no way he went from unranked to all star in the time it took you to go up less than 3 divisions
You can trade them on r/rocketleagueexchange And to get your flair as your rank go to the sidebar and it'll show your name and you just hit edit flair
Sign into his xbox on your account and make it your home Xbox. Then sign into his account on your Xbox and make it his home Xbox. And that should do it
Ah true good point. I assume him and his son are going to game share though so wouldn't hurt to do it on both xbox's
Yeahhhhhh how about we just don't do this, nothing worse than playing with a teammate who clearly isn't at the right level. Earn your level
The secret is to undercook the onions
I'm superstar d3 been in and out of champion a few times now. I'm down to play gt is Liiquified dope
I knew it was real when they said he grates those who didn't pay with a cheese grater. Can't make up raw shit like that
The worst? That is the best. I used to work a job where I drove all day and the way I would sit, all my farts would come out the front and it was the best feeling as the fart would glide past my balls and lightly tickle them with warm air.
Go to your achievements then select rocket league
Couldn't tell ya :/
There's a post here somewhere that makes a pretty good guess. It's some South American island or something I believe. They never say it directly but they give a bunch of hints that narrows it down pretty well. I'm sure if you looked around you could find it
Must have been hard for the drivers of those boats to drop off a bunch of guys, see half them get killed and have to turn around and pick up more guys to repeat the process
Derka
Just a little army Jesus has been putting together the past few years to take over the world
You could sit on the tire facing the car and use the fender as a tray to eat snacks. Nifty
Bastard, bloody bastard!
Fuck that was quick
There isn't one but he's my favorite player so I had to make my own
He's probably more referring to the terrorists who are strapping the explosives to the babies, not the mothers
Xbox's DVR system is like the one thing it's got going. Such a good system and it's super easy to download your clips. I know this doesn't help but this is the one thing we have over PC and PS4
Mine is always shit. I get jealous hearing here about how awesome it is because I usually only find one or two songs I like
Yeah like the fact that they even mention time played shows they've seen those posts here before, so they've already got an idea of what is fast/slow to a certain rank. They just want others to tell them how good they are
Cuz it's very important that everybody post here when people are mean to them in Rocket League because there's so much we can do here to help
I'm not sure what console you're on but if you're on Xbox and you want something done about players like this, just entice them into sending that stuff in a private message. Xbox definitely will ban people for death threats and vulgarity even though Psyonix won't
The fact that people still give her attention is baffling. It's pretty obvious she just says things for the shock value and to get people riled up. And it works because Reddit has a daily freak out over this girl whose name I still don't know. She's just a young Nancy Grace saying things for the headlines
Wow this game has a lot of players I didn't realize the count was over a brazilian now
I bet half of her viewership comes simply off people who are watching waiting for her to piss them off. I don't think people realize when they post negative stuff about her here, all it does is help her because she's just getting more publicity. Most often times when I see things about her it isn't posted by her supporters, but people just getting outraged at what she says
Lol you're the one complaining about people not posting articles I was just letting you know that it took you longer to complain than to google search it. I'm not sure what point you're trying to make here
Hey Justin
The new section of this sub = complaints about toxicity, complaints about nonstandard maps, and "I know it's not a big deal but I just got to X rank"
Sorry if this has been posted already, saw it on Facebook and thought it was crazy how much has changed since the mall was built This picture was taken in 1972 to give a little context. I didn't know the mall was that old and that's pretty surprising to me. They've kept it in pretty good shape considering its 44 years old
Hey we were almost neighbors. My old apartment was east of the interstate, just barely cut out of this picture
Once I see the first What a save! from the other team, I know it's an easy W I usually take one guys side in the argument to help pour a little gasoline on the fire.
Are you saying you want a way to see how much you need to rank up or how far you are from ranking down? Because the rocket league tracker site has all that
I would assume those are clouds because yeah definitely no hills over there
I'm assuming they bought the store and kept the branding
Nice
Moorhead resident here: can confirm nothing has changed since 1984
Blaming your teammates is a rookie mistake and will not get you far in this game, just saying. Hope you're able to find a good teammate
Little tip, downloading your clip from xboxdvr and uploading it to gfycat takes about 15 seconds and it's way easier to view clips that way and you'll probably get more views. Basically all you have to do is download the clip and drag and drop it onto gfycat
Yep. The download button is right below the video on xboxdvr, and if you use chrome you can just drag the file from the bottom left right to the gfycat upload screen and it'll take a minute or 2 to make a gif. There's a 15 second limit on gfycat so if you need to make it longer I'm not sure which service is best for that
I see no downsides to this
I wonder if this is how psycho dictators and other crazy leaders see the world. Like it's just a game to them to turn their country to shit for their own gain. And they just get off at seeing the destruction
Soon as I see somebody on the either team start flaming their teammates I know it's over and is gonna be an easy W
Yeah I don't buy that. I don't know much about CPUs and shit but I find it hard to believe that not including a headphone jack enabled them to save a bunch of money and power and space on the device. I feel like it was just poorly planned on their part. Even PSP's had voice chat and a headset jack
Think about all the people that are gonna die
Yeah that's a scam
Nah I'm pretty sure that's his actual twitter
Still makes no sense why they would buy something back that they sold, much less for $10 more
Do you only play competitive shooters? The meta is just as important in sports games as it is in shooters. You might think Rocket League and madden have no meta because the game seems so simple, but there's so many subtle things going on that require a lot of time played to understand. Madden was a way worse comparison than Rocket League, there is so much going on in high level Madden games, no amateur player could just hop in there and get lucky and win against somebody with any skill at all. I get what y'all are trying to say I just don't agree. I don't think shooters have more or less meta, it's just a totally different type.
Thanks. So im better off buying the transmission and then finding a shop to put it in? Or should I talk to the shop and tell them which transmission I'm buying beforehand
Is your wife single?
At higher levels in doubles, one player almost always goes to the corner for boost. Usually if there is a goal off kickoff, it is the fault of the person who went for the kickoff. Normally I wouldn't cheat up behind the guy going for kickoff unless we needed a quick goal late, or I noticed the opposing defender wasn't leaving their net
Is the scarab meme still in?
Yeahhhhh maybe just post a screenshot next time
For me I just spend the first minute or so playing a bit defensively while I figure out my teammates style of play. Sometimes I'll see that neither of them are attacking much and at that point I'll try and take matters into my own hands and try to score on my own. Or if I see one or both of them setting up for passes I'll go into more of a playmaker role and try to hit them with passes. And then occasionally I'll get 2 offensive minded teammates and I'll just wait back on the defensive end until one of them needs me to rotate up. It's all situational though. I basically just try and do whatever my team needs me to do. Ideally I like to be the scorer and I prefer to set up about halfway between midfield and the opponent's goal and wait for a pass to come my way so I can go for the redirect.
Is there a reason they last longer? Less torque on the arm?
Pretty sure most jobs see military service as a pretty good thing to have on your resume
That's true. Your 2 years service would be like what a high school diploma is now. Just something that is expected
Ok and what if money isn't everything to the owner like it is to you?
I wish barstool had a podcast dedicated to baseball. Kinda surprised they don't, there's like 15 games a day so there's usually always something to talk about. I don't watch much but it'd help me keep up with what's going on. Anybody know any good baseball podcasts outside barstool? Inb4 baseball is a shit sport
If you happen to have a Sams Club membership they do free patches
All she had to do before was wear a low cut shirt in public and that was plenty
Am I the only one who thinks football was better before the super bowl era? Just saying
I didn't realize the cleanliness of chickens was a hot topic debate
He never went on the shoulder in the gif
&gt;Would me punching you in the penis further my point? Everybody knows lesbians hate nothing more in this world than penises. After that I knew she was $100% lesbian and telling the truth
I don't think they underestimate anything, I think they just don't care
Ah yeah they aren't the same model. One is a S model and one is the first 3.5mm jack model. So the bumpers won't be able to be swapped?
Oh true yeah I misunderstood your comment.
Gross I have never leaned my back against the seat
I'm not sure what my first instinct would be but I don't think anybody would be crying out "sexism!11!!" if somebody suggested that a man was getting his money from a woman.
If that's the case do the Wolves get the Minneapolis Lakers' championships?
I wanna say Bill Burr said this. Maybe during his podcast? I could be wrong though I also feel like it could've been Joe Rogan but considering he is close with Joey Diaz it seems weird that he would make fun of that
JPP jokes are about as funny and original as Manti Teo jokes at this point
In the Pacific and North Africa yeah. Guess I should’ve specified that I just meant the European theatre. The whole campaign takes place in Europe iirc and we didn’t really send large numbers of troops there until D Day. Aside from sending supplies and stuff to the Allies, there weren’t a lot of Americans on the ground in Europe until later in the war
lol yep my thoughts exactly somebody over there is definitely a listener
So I’m supposed to feel bad because other people also make the same mistakes?
I have one of those and they spill. Also they are a bitch to fill or empty you basically have to clean it every few uses
Yeah mine doesn’t like pour out, but small amounts get out and even the smallest amount of bubbler water stinks everything up. I also had the issue of getting water in my mouth occasionally if I hit it too hard or hold it at the wrong angle
Why the fuck is ESPN unable to properly stream online without constant buffering? Do they purposely make their streams shit to encourage me to watch on tv? Makes no sense to me that they can’t figure this shit out
This is my first year using it and yeah it’s complete trash. Most of the time I just switch to an illegal stream because the legal one blows. Unfortunately I can’t find any for this game
This ones for Brett
Every game is a tryout, how do you expect them to find a team if they let you hit the ball too?
For real. And all the good parts of the campaign were basically just ripoffs of Medal of Honor: Frontline
If it’s fresh out of the pack like OP says, wouldn’t they all be in perfect shape? Or is there more to it
Do you pronounce Craig and Cregg differently?
You think you’re a true Swede? Oh yeah well name their first 3 albums!
I imagine if an African militant group was gonna stop this truck they aren’t going to care what color it is
Y’all can keep saying this but I’m pretty sure he’s just doing the southern evangelical preacher voice when he says that. Maybe somebody can email and ask him so we can clarify but the way he does it doesn’t even sound like Borat
Idk how long they’ve had the same staff for, but I’m pretty sure the Packers should have more than 1 Super Bowl with Rodgers at qb. Even if they’re making the playoffs every year it’s pretty clear they have weaknesses that aren’t being addressed. If anything Rodgers was the one allowing all these people to keep their jobs. Him getting injured will probably be a net positive down the road because the team realized they’re stagnant
Does PlayStation not have a record function ?
*listens closely for Bill’s fart while thinking about what I’m doing with my life*
I live in ND and West servers suck but if I do East only then I have pretty consistently good ping. I heard once on here that they have servers located in Chicago so I would think that’s central enough for most people to get good ping? Could be totally wrong though
So you’re not from Fargo? I live here and I have never seen anything but Wentz jerseys when it comes to the Eagles. Idk what your articles are telling you but we are all basically Bison/Vikings fans still. Everybody loves Wentz and the Eagles but like the other guy said, if he left, nobody here is going to really care about the Eagles anymore. Lol I don’t know who wrote that article but they’ve clearly never been here or been to “the local sporting goods store”. Minnesota sports reign surpreme and always will. Wentz isn’t the first nfl player we’ve had, and the town always supports all the players that make it pretty heavily
Yeah it’s cool in retrospect but tbh 3/4 of that game was boring as shit. One half was the falcons dominating, the other was the patriots. It wasn’t competitive, each team just rolled over on their back for a half on defense and then it was fun right at the end when both teams decided to try
Is it really a grind? With how long seasons are, you need less than 1 win per day to get all the rewards...
Learn early how to rotate and play defense and you will fly through the low ranks. Everybody up until platinum ball chases like mad so if you learn to just be patient and play good defense you will win a lot. Also never blame your teammates for losses. Every time you give up a goal, ask yourself if there’s something you could’ve done to put your team in a better spot.
Took me like 30-40 days playing time in season 3 and I didn’t get back to champ until this season with about 70 days played
SOMETIMES DIFFERENT TEAMS WIN WOWWWWW!!!!!!
Gonna have a real situation on our hands next season trying to figure this one out.. like Keenum makes some real dumb plays sometimes but I mean we’ve gotten this far so hard to doubt him. If he would just stop throwing those stupid ass passes off his back foot I could hop on 100% to the Case Train
What’s the point of watching football if you don’t get to see hundreds of insurance commercials during?
I think he had PTSD from the previous drive when he took a sack instead of throwing it away and we were taken out of field goal range. After he took that sack he made a lot more questionable throws off his back foot instead of takin sacks
Most high ranked players basically always use ball cam unless they’re going for boost or dribbling maybe
I also think it’s funny that an investor has an investors computer
It’s no different than solo standard. If you think your teammates are making you lose in SS then you are probably going to be just as frustrated playing with randoms against squads of 3. I solo queue all modes and I enjoy it a lot but it’s all about your attitude and how you approach tough situations
Minnesota has over 10,000 lakes how many does Pennsylvania have? Checkmate Eagles fans
I don’t get why there isn’t ranked hoops in the game. I feel like a lot more people would play if there was
Is it a hot take considering he thought AP was the best RB in the NFL last year? I haven’t been around since 2014 but nothing Dave has ever done would make me think that he actually watches sports
Holding will forever be the dumbest penalty. Everybody out here worried about what is and isn’t a catch and I’m just pissed that there is a hold on literally 99% of plays and they just call it when it’s incredibly obvious or when they need to end a drive
Can somebody make a reasons to live meme with a pic of Marcus Williams missing the tackle?
Lol any real Vikings fan was definitely not talking shit, we were waiting patiently for the heartbreak
Rip Case Keenum’s franchise tag 2018-2018
How about we never do the Skol chant again until we win the super bowl
I know a couple million trout who have been slaughtered by eagles that would like a word with you
Would a fan from MN really know which routes to take to avoid Philly fans though?
Kneeling the ball with a minute and 2 timeouts before half really seemed to take the air out of the team too. Wasn’t solely the coaches fault but they made some questionable calls
I wonder how many times we will see this shit happen before teams stop letting up with a lead. It’s the playoffs, no matter the lead you need to be going 100% all the time. That’s what I like about the Patriots is that even in the regular season they never let up and aren’t afraid to run the score up
I have a feeling our road to the super bowl is gonna go through Philly for quite some time going forward so I’m sure you’ll grow to hate us eventually
Did you ever consider that maybe the show just isn’t for you?
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but if they gave them the prime slot, then chances are they are bringing in lots of money and viewers. I’m not saying they have the best content but obviously there is a positive reception. Just like I think all the reality talent shows like The Voice are complete trash, there is obviously a reason they are in like the 20th season. I can see where you’re coming from though, it’s like when TV shows become trash as they drag on into later seasons because they stop trying to please the original fans and try to target a wider audience so they dumb everything down. I imagine soon Barstool is going to look a lot different than it does now as they try to target different demographics
Even better being on the other side- being basically hopeless down 3-1 and somehow the whole team turns on at once and you win in OT
It’s a slippery slope if we are gonna charge people because their loved ones over indulge
If he is wrong could you give accurate info?
I refuse to believe anybody in a management position would have handwriting like that
Android users are obsessed with Apple and Apple users forgot android existed a long time ago. Androids phones could literally cure cancer and iphone users aren’t going to give a shit
&gt;*continues typing iMessage* FTFY
Play more than 16 hours for starters
Watched every playoff game and yeah I must have missed this. I mean I saw the pro bowl commercials but I didn’t see any that said there was gonna be stuff on the Thursday before the weekend. I completely missed all this stuff last year too so I think they could do a better job of getting it out there.
Are you idiots never going to understand that you’re just not the target audience for the show? They put it in a prime slot to get new listeners. I don’t understand why that is so hard to grasp. They are fully aware that most stoolies already know about radio, they are trying to catch the ear of people who don’t know Barstool. It’s not that complicated
MKG and Jonas Valuncunias were great calls, low ownership too surprisingly. Managed to cash despite Booker and Yogi. Your projections make it so easy to put a good core together every night, thank you for all you do!
Unless Vikings fans got violent first I don’t see how you can justify Eagles fans throwing full beer cans at them. I know Philly hasn’t got to host a lot of playoff games so this was a new atmosphere for them but I hope next time they can take things a little more lightly
Idk if it was a popular idea but I did see something similar to this posted on the sub quite a while back. I think it’d be a cool mutator option
Yeah I believe that I just get irked when people start talking about racism 50+ years ago and using that to judge people because everything was just so different. Obviously some people were more enlightened than others, but in general racism was just a normal part of life
Almost like a handicap person shouldn’t be talking shit to a professional athlete and expecting no consequences? I’m sure Cobb overreacted quite a bit but are we gonna act like the other guy doesn’t need to take any of the blame here?
He’s made it 2 full years with 1 win and you think this will be the year they cut him loose early? I feel like he guaranteed himself the whole season by getting Mayfield
I think the highest rank you get after placements is like C1 or something, so you’ve probably been facing a lot of high Champion players who are still climbing back to their ranks.
Just guys being dudes
I mean I guess it depends how much $20 means to you. I’ve gotten a lime, purple, and titanium white Octane through trading in my old items but I also have like 100 days played so idk how long you’re willing to wait.
Donnie does KHL looks hilarious I’m pumped to watch it. Crazy that they have a guy doing such cool shit in Asia and they barely even mention him. That is some of their best content
HAVENT WON A GAME IN MY LAST TWO SESSIONS AND HAVE GOTTEN OFF AFTER ABOUT 5 STRAIGHT LOSSED BOTH TIMES. IM NOT ONE TO BLAME MY TEAMMATES BECAUSE IVE MADE MY OWN MISTAKES BUT HOLY SHIT IVE HAD SOME BAD TEAMS. I SHOULD PROBABLY WAIT A MONTH TO START PLAYING SOLO STANDARD
Sitting on the toilet at work waiting for the guy pissing at the urinal to leave so I can unload. Then the maniac goes from the urinal to the stall next to me to shit. Real psychopath move there
Nobody knows, but it’s provocative, gets the people going
Idk if he hangs out in Washington a lot I guess. He’s a Chicago fan so I wouldn’t really expect him to care about Washington if he wasn’t president or working there
There’s a handful of gamertags out there that we have come across that have turned into recurring jokes with my friends. I always wonder how those guys are doing
Absolutely ridiculous story from Commodore on Spittin Chiclets about Ernie Els inviting guys on his plane and fighting them mid flight. Idk what to even think about that
Can you explain to my simple midwestern mind what makes it obvious? Looked at his insta and couldn’t find anything that stood out at all. Maybe I’m just dumb
Ive also been seeing lots of good stuff about overcast I might make the switch one of these days. I really don’t understand why they made the podcast app so bad when it used to be so intuitive
Everybody knows northeast people are funniest
Which albums are John Mayer’s best? Just getting into him about 15 years too late not sure where to start Edit: thanks for the suggestions
Lol ya New Light popped up randomly on my Spotify and sent me down a rabbit hole
Does your last name end in -ic? We have a lot of Bosnians in my city and all their names end in -ic
Have networks always had the ability to change the times of games? Guess I just assumed those things were decided by the league
Neat. Is there any significance or does it have any meaning? Every Bosnian I’ve ever met has an ic ending and I’ve always been curious. Like in America (and other places I imagine), a lot of people have names ending in -son which just means “son of _______”
I see. Yeah I’ve never heard any Bosnians here call themselves Serbs but according to Wikipedia, people from Bosnia whether they are Serbs, Croats, or Bosniaks are just called Bosnian in English. So is it possible a lot of them here are actually of Serbian ethnicity and just lived in Bosnia? I know you’re probably not the best person to ask this stuff but I’ve gone down a rabbit hole and now I’m curious. Sorry if any of these questions come off as ignorant.
Oh yeah agreed for sure. They really need a quiet room on planes for babies. I always equate things like this to caveman times. If you and your cave buddies are hiding from a sabretooth tiger in a cave, nobody is going to put up with a constantly crying baby, they woulda tossed that thing out to the lion or smothered it till it shut up. We just need to treat everything like it’s a cave in 43,000 BC. If it wasn’t acceptable then, don’t do it now
Yeah my point was that even if you have it set to no returns at all, buyers can pretty much always force a return no matter what
Her website was made in 2005 and never updated again it looks like
I like Mr. knight man and his plastic armor
I don’t think I’ve ever been more happy for a team/player than I am for the Caps and Ovechkin. Brought tears to my eyes I can’t imagine how it would feel to see one of my teams win it all.
Yeah there’s no way to force them too but the NBAPA should try to really incentivize players to get their full worth and to not pile on the same team. No idea how they go about doing that but they really need to do something about the parity
[Original Reddit Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/RocketLeague/comments/8p221y/some_of_my_favorite_goals_arent_the_flashiest_ones/?utm_content=comments&amp;utm_medium=user&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=frontpage) [Original Goal](https://gfycat.com/AssuredGeneralAmazonparrot)
Back in my day it was cool to have a gamerscore that didn’t end in 5 or 0
I think my sister might be mad at me because I didn’t text her when she found out the gender of her second baby... is this something I’m supposed to congratulate people for?
They’re not leaving they’re lagging out most of the time. Happens to my friends and yeah it’s getting ridiculous. If it’s not us it’s somebody else in game. Rarely do we finish games with 10 players. Now there’s a new one where you don’t lag out your game just crashes, I’ve been noticing it happen after we get party invites
Lion + Fuze is a sick combo too
More like a wild few years amirite guys /#politics
First step bang your sister
If there isn’t an old man in there with you squirting out pee in burst fire mode while farting and burping, did you really even poop though?
Beginning. First episode isn’t anything special but they’re really funny after that
Christ
Smh not even looking at it now
What are they worried about you protesting? Or is it just any protest in general
It’s hilarious they had to get that specific, and it’s more hilarious that somebody in your company probably went to a Nazi rally casually wearing their work polo
This is poop #5 today ya asshole
Y’all just need to accept that this shit just happens sometimes. Literally every competitive game ever will have this issue, it just happens and there’s no way to combat it that isn’t totally exploitable by boosters
Yeah seems weird to send 2 older guys when they have all these young people at the office who might actually have a clue what’s going on
Love seeing girls in their 20s posting things like “why doesn’t everybody travel the world?” As if we choose not to vacation every month
The amount of times people comment here about getting stood up for phone interviews is nuts
I believe it has to do with Microsoft policy
“Spent my last $10 betting on the Yankees and they lost, why doesn’t my bookie just let me keep my money he has so much already”
Han Solo dies
The people who buy it give them a run for their money
Only thing I worry about when the time comes to put my 2 weeks in is that my co workers will try and have some party for me. They’ve had parties for people who were here much less time than me and they are always terrible
Lol was he expecting a bunch of chicks or something?
People on reddit get so angry about letting housecats outside it is nuts. Didn’t realize it was such a hot topic of debate.
Something about how cats kill 70 million critters a year and they have caused a few species of birds to go extinct or some shit
/u/opfeels /u/liido
Love these guys can’t understand half the shit the older guy says
Can a real soccer fan convince me that soccer players aren’t the biggest pussies of the 5 major sports? I enjoy soccer don’t get me wrong, but they make nba players looks tough with the ridiculous flops and writhing around on the ground after any physical contact
I mean it’s like a 4 second exchange, they do the stall next to me then come to mine and just slam into the door expecting it to open and leave. I guess I could yell before they get to my door but I just figure eventually they will figure it out
Also yeah it was on some weird ass channel, I had directv back then and it was on Noggin, no idea if that is a channel anymore. Probably why not many people saw it
Oh hell yeah Mannie might’ve been one of my earliest celebrity crushes. Her flashing the camera and it just showing her bare back was enough for me back then. It was great how overnight all the girls went from 7th graders to looking like hot college chicks
Ive been meaning to invest in one of those. How customizable are they? Like if he only eats a little bit 3 times a day will it let me set it that way? He had a weight problem for a long time so his diet is pretty strict now
I member when reddit was the place for breaking news. The good ole days
Yeah I’m also worried that my cat is just gonna keep meowing for food no matter what. Like he’s already on a set schedule and has been for years and still meows between his meals, I’m not sure if an automatic feeder would stop that.
I don’t think Pam and Jim were even married in art school?
Yeah a lot of people in here saying what Jim did to Roy and Pam was different than this because Roy and Pam were only engaged.. awkward
Whit making fun of Biz for being cheap/ poor will never not be funny
Lol yep and then you have Grinell who probably lives paycheck to paycheck and RA who has probably never even sniffed Biz’s current salary listening to him calling Biz poor it’s great
Why is Mcafee playing minor league baseball? What did I miss
I didn’t even notice it was Emlilia Clarke in the beginning scenes. When she was at the party on the yacht and came up to Han I had no idea if I was supposed to know who she was
The top comment there led me back to the video of the elephants walking through the hotel
He’s 12th in jersey sales, so based on popularity you could call him a star. Not to mention he would’ve been a top candidate for ROTY most years but there were so many great rookies this year
Yeah 75% of the comments brought up his injuries I don’t think anybody forgot
I love how triggered people get by the Ball family
Yeah he is ridiculous. Evil Eye is awesome and a defender with LMG is almost unfair
Don’t do 50/50s just do gpps. Cash lines are basically the same, youll lose less over time if you only do gpp. Also it’s a shitty feeling getting a high spot in a 50/50 and only doubling your money
Also yeah if you do wanna just do 50/50s, just do double ups because they pay even money instead of taking 10%. Less people win but ya better winnings
Yeah I’ve tried with my bank and they can’t figure it out so I’ve given up going that route. They went as far as allowing purchases to all of Europe and it was still declined. Probably a sign to stay away but I gotta scratch the itch
I have sympathy for old people because I’m sure in 60 years I’m not going to have any clue what’s going on, but sometimes it gets hard to feel bad. Just listened to a cashier spend 10+ minutes trying to show an old lady how to enter her phone number into the credit card machine. Literally no different than dialing a phone number and she just could not figure it out. Also didn’t want to just let the cashier enter the phone number because she didn’t want to give out her phone number. Whole time she is just complaining about everything being so complicated and blaming the workers for her taking so long
Idfk probably because the place I work at is stuck in the 90s and has to make every transaction as long as possible. I’m assuming it was to look up her credit account, and they’re also going to need her social security number for that so RIP to that cashier
Got a feeling Spain is going to get one in soon
Having bed bugs once fucked me up for life. It was like 7 years ago and they came and went in 2 weeks but I still have actual nightmares about them and have to check for them once in a while to make sure. I would rather have a tarantula problem than a bedbug problem if I got to choose. You will never understand how awful they are until you actually deal with them and I wouldn’t wish it on m worst enemy
Bagged up basically everything we owned and put it in the hot garage for 3 days, had an exterminator come and spray the entire house. Had to do that process twice. Stupid amount of money and time
I could watch some guy in ISIS saw somebody’s head off and I would still feel bad if I found out he had to deal with bed bugs. All this talk about getting rid of mosquitos with genetic engineering, we need some scientists working on bed bugs. There is no way they provide any benefit to anything. Selfish little shits
Both
His parents must’ve had money or he’s just a major dingus
Just make anonymous complaints to your bosses
Holy fuck I hate ants
I use Terro liquid traps inside and they work really well, but the ants are all over my yard and my patio and the sides of the house. I got some bug killer spray that connects to my hose and I douse the yard here and there but they just keep coming back. I kill them all in one spot and they pop up somewhere else. Does Terro make an outdoors killer that covers a large area?
Yeah it’s both indoor and outdoor at this point. I use the liquid traps when they bust in somewhere and it clears the area but then they pop up in another corner. I’ll have to look around for their outdoor killer.
Nice. I’ll have to try that
Everybody should be required to have an anonymous complaint box for other people to voice their concerns. So many people in my life I want to scream at
I always have some doubt watching crime docs where the make it seem like the guilty person is so obviously innocent, because it’s hard for me to believe the justice system would miss such obvious things. Like with the making a murderer kid, it seems so obvious that his answer was coaxed out of him because he’s so dumb but there has gotta be more to it. If some filmmaker can uncover this stuff I’m sure a professional lawyer could figure it out
