He is along with Serqet, normally the 2nd jungler ban. If he is not banned Andinster or repikas will always go for him and wreck
The jungler can LITERALLY split push, if he is not at duo lane and solo in the same time to help you out immediately bm him, that'll teach him and he'll physically and mentally shape shift into repinster While in repinster form the jungler has the ability to be everywhere yet nowhere in the same time, clear every buffs simultaneously, gank every lane simultaneously and 1v4 against opponents fed by your lanes.
Shitty game giving away free codes instead of saving world hunger and ending terrorism, that it, im done. P. S. Hunters are literally ISIS
I question the meaning of life and sanity again
Thing is if the opponent serqet plays her well against you its most likely gg to your squishies. People don't like to run this risk.
Hybrid of repikas and Andinster, arguably 2 of the best junglers at the swc earlier this year.
As a solo laner he was rarely picked, I think cyclone was an exception. Rest of the times I think he was picked for support?
I treat him as Thor V2. Norse, huge damage, huge mobility (their ult, his dash, thors hammer) Main difference is Ratatoskr doesn't fall off easily late game and doesn't have haaaard cc like Thor
No we should act like actives don't exist. What's this Cc cleanse you speak of, Ares OP!!!!
Isn't that the same case with Thor :p
For months I was like "NO LIMITED GOD PACK BUT I NO HAVE MONEY NOW IT'S GONNA BE GONE NOOO" Its still around.
Brace yourself, Smite is not in its best state now and you may find some aspects of the game infuriating (burst assassins and hunters) but give the game time and HiRez should fix it and you'll learn the counters soon enough. Have fun :)
Instead of having infinite posts on the front page about a new God being OP, consider creating a New God megathread stickied on the front page for the first week!
Eh I'd call it a good, clean gank. Pretty much the dream gank as a Janus. A Janus troll would be something like portaling yourself to avoid a sure kill ult.
Wasn't here when he was released, but was he considered remotely top tier when his ult casting was static? I remember St3alth saying he stinks as a whole when he was just released and people say he's bad, is it just because he can aim his ult now that made him top tier? If so do explain why to me.
Alright although I see why you thought so and how the drivers who drove past are heartless people let me clear their name a bit. You are a Formula 1 driver in the 70's. Death rate? 2 a year on average. First I shall tell you death is commonplace in F1 back then and death is expected if you were a driver. That fact isn't all that relevant. Anyway we know drivers has flame retardant suits, not the Marshall. The marshalls can't do jackshit. Next, the drivers driving past the burning wreckage. Put yourself in their position. What do you see when you drive past that wreckage? Do you see a body? No, all you can see is a driver waving for help beside a car, presumably, you would think that the car is his and he wanted help to put out his burning car. As a grand prix driver you don't stop, not for a problem you assume not fatal, you do all you can to finish the race, already a great achievement for a driver in those days. The circumstances are unfortunate, sure, but it's not any of the drivers fault, more of the low safety standards back then.
Ah that game. I watched it at least 5 times cause the game was so good and a great advert for the SMITE pro scene. Though in the late game of game 2 I recall Ninjabobat just somehow missing Aquila taking FG when he was right outside the lair with his ultimate up, arguably the play that cost them the whole game. Wouldn't exactly say he carried them, though he did alright before that, if you were referring to that then I do agree.
In your logic we might as well make Kukulkans speed buff add attack speed like Artemis because every move has to be equal. My point is, different gods have different kits and therefore not every ability that are similar should be the exact same thing.
Nu Wa's Stealth is so, so limited.
Mask was banned awhile ago, no reddit posts needed for that one. Same goes to Bushyyyyyyy(yyyy idk how many y's) of Spicy Waffles recently, no reddit post for that one too, i believe. Feel free to correct me if there is one.
Well then maybe you shouldn't comment on things you don't exactly know next time :p
That number includes sales from the SPL season ticket, BTW.
It's hard to balance casuals sometimes because some people will want to try a new God and they'll probably do bad with it. Chances are they do well with other gods and got to that mmr with it. Then they're occasions where matchmaking really just sucks a tons of dick, and really no reason to explain it (level 30 paired with 4)
I don't think there is a legit way to find your casual mmr, note that smite.guru score isn't accurate to HiRez 's score, casual mmr is hidden. Competitive elo isn't, and it is accurate on smite.guru
Well I guess I should appreciate your upload as it is edited to contain what mattered and fits the screen, so um, thanks.
Can't link it to you cause I'm on mobile. But try googling aquila vs cloud 9 game 2. Either choose SmitePros coverage which only includes picks and bans and the game itself or Smitevods coverage that also includes analysis, pre game and post game.
You'd be surprised
I don't know much but afaik its because it made mage solo less viable.
Not much, just saying. Like I seen a lot of people here mistake the Summer of Smite earning a huge figure alone, thought I could clear a few things up.
Not trying to downplay the success of the events, but people are using the figures as an argument in various subjects. So I'm making this post to remind em.
I'd imagine Mountain Dew adverts in the SPL, oh gosh. "And if you guys buy a bottle of Mountain Dew you guys stand a chance to get a chest roll of our newest Recolour Chest"
I'd rather have Hi-Rez rather than Blizzard, mostly because Blizzard's F2P model turns me off. Yeah we have chests, but they have stupid grind.
"Buy 10 bottles of Coca-Cola to receive the Rascal Scooter Awilix!"
If barefoot Aphro helps with your "sessions" then I see why you want the change then, /u/FappingToAphrodite
Ataraxia casts? I gotta watch that now. Double Brit casting duo gon be good
Went back to this thread and realised that this prophecy came true. We found the chosen one guys
Everything about this skin is so perfect. The references, the cold blooded lines like HAL 9000, especially the intro.
I love how you play all the more damaging supports and do stupidly well with them, props :D
"Now Baczers is doing buffs, look at his slow clear, and his huge misplay for missing the wave by 2 seconds. Now we look at Bennna and his build is absolutely perfect, another wave cleared and another perfect game for Bennna, that Midguardian Mail against Chronos is an absolute stroke of genius."
Qin Sai's is still very good for Kali. Warrior boots, qins, exe/ichaival, lifesteal option/exe, lifesteal option/fatalis(fatalis if you already picked a lifesteal option) and for 6th situational. Usually at this point if I'm dying a lot to cc I'd get magis,if not I'll go full glass cannon and pick whatever I listed as options that I didn't pick. Usually I end up with Warrior, Qins, Executioner, Blood forge, fatalis and magis
No problem, forgot to mention to get a pen item if the opposition built some protections or just very tanky. Asi use to be very good for this, since it has built in Penetration, you can still use Asi, but keep in mind bloodforge offers more raw power and you may overcap attack speed with Asi. Also idk why people would downvote you for asking a question, lol.
I'd make a movie poster out of this if I have the time, it's perfect. "Tyr needs some love in the solo lane from Thor, and Thor wants some minions to farm-Friends with benefits"
Yeah this would create Dota type items, which I think HiRez is actively avoiding because they want to keep that side of the game simpler, hence duo active slots, and let us focus on mechanical skills instead.
Nah if Dota wants to sue for a similar game mechanic then starcraft and other games can sue too. My point was that we have actives instead of items WITH actives is because that type of item adds complexity to a game like Smite where such complexity isn't necessary. HiRez is trying to make sure we have a max of two active slots so we can focus on hitting abilities /AAs instead of complex strategies. Unlike Dota, which is more strategy based, those active+item type of items are necessary as it adds a new dimension of strategies into the game.
Create a smurf with him to teach him the basics, and once you think he is ready bring on harsh reality on him, and he'll improve enough for the REAL HARSH WORLLLDDD.
Rumours suggests you carved Mt. Rushmore by staring at US presidents, is it true?
On November 9th AD 143, a minion dived the Fire Giant in protest of minion ignorance by the gods. Examples includes Freezing wave and letting archer #42 take out brute #21 while Aphro taps her phone, Athena letting brute #61 die from tower shots despite obviously able to tank it herself, and most controversially, no raise for multiple minions despite their valiant efforts and success in killing enemy gods. For a whole month minions refused to spawn and the gods were left on lane themselves to slap each other with only Level 1 abilities and no poke from minions, only source of XP being buff camps. Soon they grew tired of getting murdered and refused to spawn too, hiding behind that mysterious wall. Soon the Minion Act of Equality was passed and multiple changes were made to minion rights. Minions now have weapons doused with fire to increase their survivability and health, though expensive. As a result rural Chinese and Bangladeshis were employed to wield normal, cheap weapons before the phoenix dies to give them gold for Blazing Weapons.
Well then. Now we have 3 summer skins released. One being Hunkules, 400 gems worth, then there's Cupid, 600 gems, finally we have Aphro, a reward skin, 400 gems worth. Buy both of these skins you get 2 skins for 1000 gems, you'd get your dollars worth, with an additional Aphro skin for free. Not to mention everybody's favorite CHESTS!! The point is, they put every skin a standard 500 gems so far, and it seems to be pretty worth it once you do some math. You may argue that no one asked for an Aphro skin vice versa, but I feel the price tag for now is justified
BUT DUUUDEE MY EXTRA $0.000286 MATTERS HIREZ WAS SCAMMING MY SUPERIOR MATHEMATICAL BRAIN ALL ALONG! Really though idk why some of you bother so much about small matters literally smaller than a cent. And we do not need another Old Wa argument again.
Boy Smite skins are so expensive and yet we are forced to pay for it! Stay away from this game unless you have money to buy cosmetics!
But dude Hi Rez should be giving us free gem skins by now, greedy sons of bitches.
Halved. Really it depends on how much you play. I play at least 2 games a day since day one of the season ticket release and I have 4.5k now
Loki shapeshifted into a horse to trick some builder and got raped by his horse. Norse Mythology isn't all that weird. Oh and Odin liked Loki's 8 legged horse so much he rides him to the battlefield and stuff.
I have tons of fun. Played for 6 months and for a while, yeah I got burnt out a bit. Then I started mastery whoring. It is a good thing, mastery whoring made me play a lot of different gods and learn about their combos, my game stepped up by a notch. I learnt how to counter gods and I had a lot fun since. Switch around your playing habits, maybe try new modes and learning their mechanics, or even try new gods, trust me it's very fun.
Not sure if this is a troll attempt or your just a noob. Assault is meant to be all random, it's the specialty of the mode, and what separates assault from every other mode.
Pretty sure it's a pull. Similar to Poseidons but on a larger scale, and Sylvanus. It's not knockback or else Knockback immune abilities like Ares flame and Bacchus burp counters it completely
Didn't play much mortal kombat lately but yeah, that's the gist of it. Save time on creating new God models and just give them an alternative kit instead with trade offs like what you said.
You see complaints apparently must be made in the most hostile way possible cause that'll yield the best results. Speaking nicely to HiRez? What? No they are game making robots and don't have feelings /s
Pretty hard for HiRez to fund that much sites when they don't have all the resources Blizzard has, asking HiRez to do even 10% of Blizzard in terms of funding is hard.
Yes it could be much better. But expecting it to be better than Blizzard who has been around since like 1991 and has a huge following since late 1990's is just a big ask.
Only complaint from me is that they do stuff a bit way too slow. But really the vicious cycle in this subreddit goes like this Make a complaint--&gt;Make another yet identical complaint 5 minutes later--&gt;Raise pitchforks--&gt;BM HiRez--&gt;Wait for a day or 6 months for the patch--&gt;Make a complaint
Well when I find a new game and like it I'd check it's forums out, and Reddit has been Smite's biggest community forum(?) so I'd imagine many new players will come over. New player comes and first thing he sees is "ravana bad" "pls twitch numbers" "DAE Blizzard more popular than HiRez?" "ravana bad:electric boogaloo" Yeah I'm probably cherrypicking but you get the point, we are not getting any new players like this. They'll be scared off.
Man, I see your point, and I agree that servers needs some fixing (although I don't have issues). Getting angry over that is normal and justified. Yet, in this subreddit, people and bitching about the smallest matters, calling HiRez "scamming your money" over a few cents different in gem prices etc, you get it.
Top EU jouster, and I think brought Hou Yi to the limelight in joust.
I do believe Crits isn't necessary on Vamana. To make use of his passive you would eat to build really tanky, and heavier on the phys defence department. But then again I don't play much Vamana anymore so take that with a grain of salt.
/u/doarcalin has my vote if I get to, that is if the sizing of the logos makes the whole thing look less cramped.
I understand that you want the SWC logo to stand out, but I'd prefer if the full logo is shown. But if it had to be shrunk so much that it doesn't stand out, what it is as of now is gorgeous :)
Goes from the brink of blackout to being sober under a minute. Bacchus showing how to be the alpha party male.
Well making a crap tons of dupe accounts for logging in to receive gems is going to exploit the community market system easily. Same case with trading skins.
Oh it will happen. Just imagine this: One account nets 50 gems a week. Each account nets 400 gem skins every 2 months. So if you want 10 400 gems skins, you make 10 accounts and go through the effort so you could get 70 dollars total in value. It's totally worth it for me. Personally I used to imagine HiRez splitting free gems and bought gems into two different pools so they can't be combined, so if you buy a skin from the free gems pool it's locked to your account. It may work but backlash will definitely ensue.
Now you are just finding reasons to trash him.
Kinda fair seeing how many Pantheons see the god/goddess of the Sun as their head.
We cannot use those servers. We need a Chinese ID to use it and therfore we play with 300 ping using the NA/EU servers.
I'd suggest you remove that last line if you want your comment to actually not look like you are criticizing them out of hate.
Fixed that for you
He isn't the best "Warrior Solo". He strived in the meta where the Solo lane has carries.
Would a new map fix the existing problems of 1v1 though? 1v1 will always be a mode dominated by ADCs or gods focused on Solo-ing, what could be done to actually fix the game mode so the mode isn't dominated by certain gods?
Far from 100% pick/ban rate. She does have a very good win rate. Khepri's winrate is not as good as many thought.
Late game Janus slows going from 40% down to 20% is quite the nerf, his low CD on portals is still dumb for me though. Don't think your call of poster boys and girls are any different, that is the consensus of this sub now.
Xing Tian iirc was a God that suddenly saw a shit tons of play during Super Regionals. Before that he was an occasional pick in the SPL where reddit scoffs at. It would not be out of the question for a God to suddenly become the new OP God.
Never wanted to see a BM punished harder than the first guy. Who is he?
Guan Yu is mini salvation on a very short CD. If you cannot bear the possibility of rolling a god you don't like, either be prepared to re-roll (If you aren't a healer) or don't play Assault. There are some unspoken rules in the game, and not re-rolling a healer is one of them.
Pretty sure many people here thought that Stellar Burst does too much.
Probably is disappointed that HiRez didn't take the Wolf route with her God design. Though I can't find any Wolf depiction of Amaterasu outside of Okami.
Best of r/Smite 2016 already decided 5 days in.
Same guy who made headlines like "I will hit neymar whit shoe" and "dearth of a left back" which r/soccer ate up as a funny joke.
We had Post Match Threads, which is good enough actually. But I'd like to see some Live ones, it would be interesting to discuss there about plays and builds instead of almighty Twitch Chat
You have a point. Maybe we just need live threads for BO3s.
YE?
I'm an uninformed idiot then
Same thing applies I think. I'm not sure how spammy or not spammy a reddit live chat is, but I still prefer having discussions in a format like a normal reddit thread.
Serqet didn't do too well last LAN, idk if it's down to the tankier team comps lowering her burst or something. Thor however will always be a great team fight jungler, along with Batz and therefore both will forever have a place in the meta.
Welcome! Bad things about the game are obviously present, as stated by many. But the core game is really good and really, overrides many problems to me. IF you aren't aware, tomorrow marks the start of the most important 4 days of Smite for the year! The World Championships starts tomorrow with Placement Games and if last year's event could tell something, it would be that the event is going to be AWESOME! If you are interested in learning more about Smite e-sports, do tell me and I'll link you to things that you need to know before going into watching Worlds!
There are just some players that can't accept that they could actually be bad at the game and needs to improve, and rather blame others instead. These players will never improve with that attitude, which is unfortunate for whoever that needs to be in the same team with them.
FUCK?
HEY, HEY, JUNGLERS THAT I PLAYED WITH! YES, YOU! IF YOU REFUSE TO ROTATE TO MY LANE WHEN MY BUFF SPAWNS, DON'T EXPECT ME TO JUST LEAVE THE CAMP ALONE WHILE MY OPPONENT GETS HIS SHINY BLUE BELT, I'M DEFINITELY NOT GOING TO GET OUTDONE AND OUTPUSHED SINCE HE CAN JUST SPAM HIS ABILITIES, FUCK YOUR XP SHARING. ALSO THOR, IT IS NOT RAVANA'S FAULT THAT YOU ARE 3/10, HE MAY BE "BROKEN", BUT HEY, YOU ARE PLAYING THOR FOR FUCKS SAKE. ALSO IF YOU ULT INTO A TEAM HALF A MAP AWAY, I'M NOT PLAYING JANUS YOU TWAT, I CAN'T TELEPORT TO YOU, SO STOP SPAMMING HELP. AND LASTLY TO WHOEVER THE FUCK THAT USES "VVGG" AFTER A BAD FIGHT, GO FUCK YOURSELF. "OH LOOK, I'M USING VVGG, MY NEGATIVITY WILL SURELY SPUR MY TEAM ON TO VICTORY!" FUCK OFF, YOU AREN'T HELPING BY ACTING SMART AND ALMIGHTY.
Bad players look at Tahuti as the most expensive item and just think "shit, that means it must be the best item!" while completely ignoring the Base stats and passive. 2nd item Tahuti after pen boots for maximum value.
Amazing, just what the community asked for especially with the mini-boss.
~~P&amp;B takes like, 3 minutes. A conquest game can take up to 60 mins+, not to mention setting up players for next games and stuff takes a while. 1 hour is pretty suitable.~~ Reading is hard.
Woops
As long as quests don't require us to win games as a CERTAIN role, it'll be OK I guess.
Well I feel that will cause issues like people not obeying conquest role calls and instalock a called role "cuz quest deal with it", that doesn't sound like anti-toxicity to me.
No tower damage, no kills, no objectives from Isurus. Epsilon just has so much pressure on Isurus that they can't even touch the structures. Epsilon drafted for the early game and took full advantage of it.
Estimated Final Scoreboard (Assists not accurate) ##EPSILON Neith 1/0/10 Geb 0/0/11 Isis 6/0/4 Hun Batz 6/0/5 Bellona 1/0/8 ##ISURUS GAMING Hou Yi 0/3/0 Khepri 0/4/0 Nox 0/3/0 Thor 0/2/0 Xing Tian 0/2/0
To whoever viewing the thread, do not forget that this thread is also made for discussion of the ongoing matches! If you have anything in your mind about a game that is currently live, do leave a comment in here!
https://i.imgur.com/ea28jfb.jpg Avant Garde will play the loser of QG vs Fnatic.
How loud was the crowd when Night locked in Anubis?
Pretty sure everyone who knows Night from last year would love to see Night's Anubis again, the hype and build up from the community before the match even started for an Anubis pick from Night is quite overwhelming.
Unfair to downvote him, he is simply just asking us why he should choose this over others.
Last time I did something like this I did cover the whole tourney, so yes, you would probably see it again unless my time is very limited.
Think Hel was banned by Fnatic ~~twice~~ and Epsilon once each.
Mmm. Usually I would list all unpicked gods at the tournament recap thread. Here's an example: https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/3u38oc/super_regionals_day_6_and_tournament_recap/
It is fun but for me it lacks depth, although I enjoyed the game I can't find a reason to replay the game. I plan to return to it in a month or two so I get to feel something fresh.
More of because Hun Batz was already a top performing jungler before this, he was the best scoring jungler during Super Regionals.
The funny thing is this is exactly what some people on this subreddit said when XT was nerfed the first time.
Most gods are able to take down FG solo with the right build at full level.
Who were you playing?
Doesn't matter. You had pen, some health, attack speed and Warrior defense scaling, standard builds don't always do FG better than other builds.
I sure hope you are right! And I do believe that smite is far from dying. If season 3 goes right I definitely see the game advancing to a very high stage.
Semis today should be waaaay better. Look forward to tomorrow's vid!
Diversity in the Solo lane is worrying.Wonder if Hades could prove to be the answer to Bellona. Would love to see a counter pick Hades to come out today.
Most of their roster became QG Reapers.
Mobility, high lock down ability, long range ultimate and some sustain. Sounds real good to me. Never thought of him as OP tho.
I think it's either he has the biggest hate boner on DM or he is just trolling. It's not the first time he nitpicked dm on things.
Idk man. The last time I saw you you said [this] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/3z0ycl/next_smite_god_is_female/cyibysk) so really I can't take you seriously on things like dm anymore.
Oh God. It's right there in my spreadsheet and I missed it.
You expect people to get that just by reading "DM is sooo smart /s"?
Ah yes, the old "Osiris, Hercules and check on our unwanted child Chaac if either is banned" solo lane meta, good times.
Not just yet. She is still played by the underdogs a lot of times. The only time she was played in an equal match up was Fnatic vs Epsilon and Sol won that one. Jury is still out.
Qvo just got outplayed and out jungled by Adjust. Adjust is fucking amazing. His Serqet before deciding to go for Runic Shield ran the show, his Hun Batz played to the full potential. The whole NME roster stepped up big time.
94% actually. Still pretty strong.
And really good looking too. I also believe that Ataraxia single handedly stopped World War 3 from happening.
I looked at Enemy Vs Avant Garde and thought, "Avant Garde is undefeated in OCE they may turn out good". I looked at Enemy Vs Fnatic and thought "Fnatic takes this, NME can't be this good" I looked at Enemy Vs Paradigm and thought "PDG takes this ez" Don't ask me on stuff like these anymore lol.
Actually, you are right. Will have to put a disclaimer somewhere.
I think I found an error in my "data grinder" file for the C9 vs Epsilon match up. That is probably the source of all issues found with some gods. Will have to remake some parts later. Thanks for pointing out.
Played support for a long day, decided I have to stop support. Then they gave me Khepri VP after Obsidian Shard Ymir yesterday. God dammit HiRez. ^^Sweet ^^free ^^stuffs ^^tho
Very relevant flair. Also considering I was laying Geb Shields all day today. Guess I should embrace the hugbug then, I'm sure he'll hug me back ^intohisteamandkillme
Dimi's Tyr turned game 2 around and potentially the set for me. Game 2 Epsilon looked picked off by Adjust on Serqet and then the glue in Dimi's Tyr and suddenly their whole team fight game became so good, it seems as of Dimi never missed a fearless and almost all of those fearless pushes lead to a team fight changing kill. Also 97 damage crit on Bellona says quite a lot about her.
Shootout to /u/dryoshiyahu for doing the whole live thread almost single handedly! Covered almost every play with detail and never missed a play all weekend!
"I got him" - Dimi almost before he even ults for Serqet.
Disappointing since his Hun Batz was so good against Paradigm and outplayed Qvofred quite a lot.
We adapt. And soon we mastered the ability to aim 0.3 seconds into the future. In this rate we would develop time travel.
Played like three times throughout worlds. Could be wrong but from the tip of my head that's the number.
Don't forget that one guy on the horse that keeps on coming into the battlefield only to be trashed every single time.Tried in solo, got trashed. Came again in support, trashed again. Even rode his horse in the jungle once, and his horse didn't like the woods. Light a candle in remembrance of Guan Yu 2016
LET MY ILLUSION BE REAL GODDAMMIT.
[VHH][VHH][VHH] [VVVE] *An ally has been slain* "OMG DUMB HEL NEVER HEALS THE TEAM" "Then stop running away from me" "NO ITS YOUR FAULT, MAP AWARENESS BRUH, YOU SHOULD'VE KNOWN WHEN I WOULD'VE GONE FULL STUPID, GG HEL NOOB"
I'd say that having Iran put up against teams like Argentina etc will be a good example. Worlds isn't exactly about putting ALL the best teams together, but rather a showcase of skill from different regions and let lesser regions have something to watch out for and cheer for, while promoting the sport in their region. The real competitive stage starts later, but earlier in the tournament, that should not be the case.
Woopsies, edited.
NERF HERCULES? ARE YOU CRAZY, ARE YOU OUTTA YOUR MIND?
HOU YI FLAIR, OPINION REJECTED.
Well that is sad. At least PriMe and Ataraxia are staying together. Will miss Repikas and Kanye a lot though :/
Drone turret. You won't even know what hit you, and where.
If they feel that their team fighting is their weakness, then the lack of comms from one player can definitely be a huge part of the problem. Though mechanically skilled, a player not relaying info as often as he should to the team can definite decide the team fight. One bad step and the failure to call for the attention of your team for help quickly or not being able to make a huge play before contacting the team will be hugely detrimental to the team. I'm not claiming to know what they mean by "not vocal", but I'm assuming the scenario I stated is the case with Adjust.
Does this dirty bubble thing only work on mages and assassins or something, cause as far as I know, it never became something worth fearing for me.
KanyeLife made me play Ares, then since I got used to the role so I went on to play every single support in the game. KanyeLife made me embrace the SupportLife.
Ex-Titan's biggest problem was replacing Confrey as a solo laner after he left the lane. A competent warrior solo player in the meta just wasn't there for Titan and I'd say that the lack of a tanky Solo player cost Titan dearly. Variety from what I've seen is a great solo laner, I would love to see what happens if this is true.
If someone spews unhelpful, demotivating things, I mute and move on. I personally put that as the NO. 1 way to improve your experience in Smite. Unless of course he actually saws helpful things like enemy missing etc, then you just have to deal with the toxicity he brings with it. But if he literally doesn't use the chat or VGS to help the team but to BM instead, mute the guy, no questions asked.
You there, yes, you! Struggling to deal damage with Fenrir? Struggling to do more than 80 damage per auto just because the opponent built 2 physical defense items? Hate brutalize being more like ticklize late game? Drop your scrubby defense items and join the Penrir master race! With Titans Bane, Beat Stick, Void Shield, Jotunns, Transcendence and Warrior Tabi you can simply lift the middle finger on the opponents defense and combined with your power buff and red buff, your autos deal as much as a crit without building crit at all! On a more serious note Fenrir is meant to be the dominating force early and late game a single target pick machine, so do not actually worry about the player damage stat if you are actually playing Fenrir. Also Penrir is legit one of the most fun I had while playing Fenrir.
You had the meaning of life and you threw it away :(
Was my first one and I hated "support" since playing him. Every other support gets my love though.
What's the point of typing around 20 characters for a name when 3 characters could do just that?
WHAT A TWIST. Will miss Incon dearly though. But maybe his new position in mid isn't suiting him as well as he should? I was also very anticipated for 0megas new "dream team", wonder if this was his plan all along.
Perhaps Soul Reaver does not activate if its not required to secure the kill?
I won't call Ymir and Kumbha op, if they are meant to be supports that can deal damage and can be balanced, which I feel that they are now, that not much needs to be changed. Xing Tian and Bellona is kinda stupid though. And if you are complaining about full tanks doing damage, where's Ares?
Well if you listed some gods in the end I'd assume that it is a list that you want to highlight, so that's a misunderstanding.
I GET IT
Incon was behind Lassiz for quite a long time before his recent surge in viewers. I may be mistaken.
Little over 20 seconds past the 5 added minutes
Are you suggesting that referees should be consistent? Why that is crazy talk!
"Pros are dumb in game knowledge, all they can do is hit their skills"
Fine line between "this should not be allowed, here's why and a possible solution" and "fuck this game Balance Team is a bunch of idiots." One of them is constructive criticism and the other being negativity and toxicity.
Every season change in any fucking game with such a system will always have people fearing change. A year ago this place was also the same. And then come mid season 2 the game was probably at its best state it has ever been (before the OP gods came in). IF you are to the quit a game because of others opinion, it's all good. But I'm saying that you should try the changes for yourself and give it time if you don't, cause as you said it's only PTS, and change will definitely come for the better good. THE game isn't dying just because change is coming, that doesn't really make much sense at all.
That's not allowed, adapting to the game isn't allowed, adapting should be banned from pro Smite for having that name. That being said I still wish that the relic system gets tweaked with beads being too weak OR adjust the amount of CC in the game. I like where the game is going.
Janus portal is one of those multi tool things you see on infomercials, like the broomshakalaka. Its an escape, damage, CC, team escape, passive enabler, speed booster with the threshold.
SO IS THIS THE PART WHERE I TALK ABOUT HOW MUCH I HATE SOL? OK THEN UHHH HIREZ NERF HER DAMAGE AND MAKE SURE SHE CANNOT USE HER 3 IF SHE IS WITHIN A 5 FEET RADIUS OF A GOD. ALSO DAE CHESTS XDXD AND FINALLY WE HAD ONE BY NYX LIKE 3 DAYS AGO.
I mean if you die after hearing the famous sound you should probably consider not building glass cannon against a Loki or as an ADC play really safe till you get farmed.
Sounds more like Chang'e needs a buff more than CDR not being nerfed.
Won't say that playing against Loki isn't boring like OP said. But I find myself LOVING to face Lokis nowadays cause I playing against him gets really easy once you learned how to. He becomes a one trick pony most of the time when you know what you are doing imo. Not the same thing can be said about other players however.
An item with only CDR and MP5 sounds way too big of a cut of power to sacrifice for another item that gets your abilities hit a lot harder imo.
Counter building not being fun is definitely more of a personal problem than a problem with the game. Personally it is satisfying to see Loki struggling to pull off anything relevant just because I built an item or two against him while I myself continue to be able to do damage. I'd imagine many agreeing with you and an equal amount of people agreeing with me too.
Thor isn't good late at all. But yeah his early to mid is absurd.
To sum up Loki, new players usually go for full glass cannon and those people will get instantly deleted because that is what Loki is there for, to punish carries that deal absurd amount of damage but refuse to build protections. Loki is irrelevant at high level play because many people who are experienced knows how to play against him. And the Smite community isn't all that friendly, idk how bad DotA2 or LoL is but I certainly see a bit of BM once in a while.
Yeah just poor phrasing from me initially.
Can't wait for the new wave of "X God is OP" post train for a week before many of them realize how wrong they are. Its OK though, I was in the same train as you for months. It took me a while after I hit level 30 that Cupid gets countered way too easily.
That effectively kills Nu Wa.
All these events in a string, its Christmas everyday now. Does Fafnir permanently become a Dragon or does he only becomes one temporarily like Ao Kuang?
Sweet. Played DotA for like 4 hours of my life but I'll always remember Dragon Knight's ultimate, it was super appealing to a newbie. Happy to see Fafnir get something similar.
Can't vote for some reason. I find it funny that everyone claims to hate support the least/main support yet barely anyone ever really wants to play support in my games.
So I wanted to start off by saying, I think the development team has done a pretty great job with the cast of female gods in Smite. They are diverse, interesting, and compelling. From Medusa to Scylla to Aphrodite the female cast reflects a large spectrum of personalities and player fantasies. With that being said, lets talk about Jing Wei. From a marketing standpoint, she's the star of the show. She's a great god. When we look at the way she's portrayed in promotional media, lore, and art in game we know a few things about her.. She's Fast. She's Silly. She's Kind. She's a good Friend. Her body seems to be comprised of about 95% bird. Then out of seemingly no where we have this pose: http://imgur.com/TuEihNd WHAT? What about this pose has anything to do with the character you're building in Jing Wei? It's not fun, its not silly, it has nothing to do with being a fast elite killer. It just reduces Jing Wei to another bland female sex symbol. We aren't looking at an Aphrodite pose here, this isn't a character who is in part defined by flaunting her sexuality. This pose says to the player base, oh we've got all these cool diverse characters, but at any moment we are willing to reduce them to sex symbols to help boost our investment game. Getting art into a triple A game isn't a small task, it has to go through an implementer, a team lead, an art director, and a creative director. This is a team effort. And I believe the team is responsible for upholding the great example Smite can set to the rest of the industry for creating strong female characters. I have a young daughter that everyday when I wake up wants to watch the recall trailer again. She knows who Jing Wei is, and as she grows up, she can grow up alongside these characters. What I'm asking is that as you continue to add to the Smite cast and investment elements, you double down on your commitment to create strong female characters. You've been doing a good job so far, but shipping with a Smite pose like this undermines so much of the good you've already done.
Lol Chris always sounds arrogant for the position he is in. He's not exactly wrong though, or it is arguable that he is right. Doesn't mean that we shouldn't be able to latch on the other problems of the game though.
Don't see how that is being rekt.
Well it seems like they don't get it and these threads keep popping up. Telling them why it's not right to me would probably help stop it rather than just downvoting. And why should I not get others to agree with me? Of course I do!
Sooo guys whose more S+++ tier? Yeah Susano is obnoxious, but Ao Kuang is way, way, way worse. He too can two shot, hell, even one shot squishies. He has an execute to get rid of tanks AND escape. Don't forget his stealth can initiate and escape well. Also you guys are forgetting the main thing here. HFM HAS DREAMHACK DESTINY IN THEIR OWN HANDS NOW! COME ON BOYS.
Smite ranked isn't in the best state now either, just FYI. But since you're new you have quite a long way to go and hopefully by the time you're level 30 they would've fixed ranked.
He isn't exactly uninstalling because he didn't like the game lol.
HFM IN DREAMHACK AHMAHGAD! Seriously love this team and their picks. Having the balls to bring out two of the lowest rated gods in the SMITE community in their decider game and making it work. Felt Leftovers spent too much on trying to counter HFM's wide god pool, and too aggressive on their ganks. AND AGAIN I CAN'T BELIEVE IT AHAHA YES HFM DONE IT! WHAT WAS THAT LIKE 12/14 WINS ON THEIR LAST STRETCH?
Followed him for quite a while for obvious reasons. He streamed SMITE for 15 days straight to test if he was burnt out on the game. He didn't stream for quite a while now so I guess he's probably not coming back.
I love me some rose tinted glasses.
I believe there was a comparison the other day that shown Hulkenberg scoring more points than Perez over their time as teammates. It's a matter between flashy results Vs consistency.
I was referring to the end of S1. Even at the start of SWC 2015 Confrey was still whipping out Aphro solo. In the end of the tourney almost no one played Mage solos anymore.
Cripple vs Forces dashes/leaps or die, choose one.
ALG survived this split right?
TAKE IT AGAIN THEN! *throws*
HiRez's console team really, really became super efficient after that Stew AMA. Remember them getting so much slack then suddenly they picked up the pace, good on them.
Apart from being overtuned his kit fits his lore perfectly and pretty good for an assassin for me.
Your complicated threshold seems to be seriously low. Also who the fuck upvotes threads like these.
Pfft. Everyone and their moms know that money is something we shouldn't take seriously.
Give it time. It's barely two days since his release and we've barely seen what he can do. Remember Xing release? Jury is still out.
You talk about skill barely mattering yet you talk about struggling against Skadi and He Bo. Do you struggle against Anubis too?
I remembered hin getting called shit from day 1, but then someone discovered him building power is broken and he got nerfed.
Bring back release Sylvanus for the lulz. Seriously don't know what other god has 5 CCs/debuffs in his kit, that alone makes Sylvanus so fitted for being a support. The numbers though.
I don't think I'm arguing about whether old gods are bad or new gods are op whatever blabla. Odin is not a niche pick. Vamana is far from the worst warrior, pls. Zeus is a very viable pick. Sobek is consistently picked for seasons now. Ra is still picked bruh. You just outright called Artemis bad when under the right hands she's a top God to play. I mean, why would PandaCat choose Art if she lacks in everything compared to others? You're not going to check facts about item A when someone questions your facts on item B, that's plain stupid.
It's more of him using false facts to back his argument other than his Base argument of power creep that made me call him out.
Your name. Fuckin traitor.
Oh Cavani.... Is it a coincidence that everytime I hear of him in an international tournament he always bottles it or is he not always like this?
Feelsbadman
Pretty sure Clash has a decent player base.
Is this a Smite Showerthought thing or is there a serious point you needed to make to someone?
I'm pretty sure a lot of people who play Smite doesn't use Steam. Keep in mind that outside of certain regions Smite sint available in Steam.
I could possibly get a bunch of people who will never touch the game to actually play it just to hear him. Imagine a Marvel Odyssey with Marvel skins for all the Norse Gods in the movie voiced by them. All the publicity Smite would get will be insane.
Overwatch, LoL, Hearthstone, CSGO and DotA2. Other than that I don't think many other games can dwarf Smite's player Base. Dwarf as in 5x the concurrent player Base, tons of games has bigger player bases but I'm talking about games that make Smite's player Base a joke.
Just CC him with death, tell ya what that CC is the best CC.
Because Artemis wasn't gonna get anywhere close to late game without Throwing Dagger. Apollo and Rama received a huge indirect buff. Also them saying outlining gods on early/late game is mostly something they never really bothered to fulfill.
Thanks for being such a driving force behind the Smite esports scene! Your dedication to the cause is admirable.
Well I guess quite a lot of your points are fair,, apart from aesthetic changes and Dominatoon although Domination and all that non sense is subjective, I just felt you quitting due to that is way too ovredue. But from day 1 they made it clear that exclusives from the Odyssey can be obtained later on via different means. The only skins that can't be are limited skins. I remember this very, very clearly because I got into an argument with someone for it and I ended up posting a Screenshot which clearly shows HiRez saying it in the Odyssey page. I'll try to find it.
I searched the depths of my comment history but somewhere after the "6 months ago" mark all my comments seemed to disappear. But however I did dig up this FAQ before SWC 2015 about the Odyssey https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/2r47e9/farewell_odyssey_faq/ &gt;**Will I be able to get these items again in the future?** The individual items that are being sold are "exclusive" items, meaning they will likely never be available for direct purchase again, but, they may return in future chests. Also note that the Odyssey chest won't be available again after the end of the event and thus no matter how the odyssey items are available to players in the future they will never again include a free Odyssey Chest Roll with them. Odyssey chest exclusive items do have a chance to be available again in the future. And this quote from Stew before/during August 2014 https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/2do0bj/odissey_and_runexe_mercury_skin/cjrd3ek?context=3 So it was pretty clear from the start that HiRez openly declared the Exclusives of the Odyssey would be resold via chests/promotions.
tl;dr you got fucked by Arachne playing one of the best solo laners now. Blame it all on throwing dagger. I'm all for fucking TD up for hunters. On melee gods like Arachne however it's perfectly fine. We actually have diversity in the solo lane now.
If we're doing this at least scale the power to be higher. The power bonus is fair for it's price and risk but maybe not the time. I'd prefer the power pot debacle to be settled with a timer or something.
Trans is 62.25+35 power for 2.6k, not to mention the near infinite mana, but this is arena so I guess it's less relevant, Dev's Gloves is 55 power and 25% lifesteal for 2.05k. There are much better alternatives. Fatalis is much better for MS if you want it.
Your choice really. Imo the AOE doesn't really work on gods too often because it's only a 15ft radius, I'd much rather go for other routes without Golden Bow. And like in another comment I proposed Transcendence as a better option. Only 50 stacks needed and takes very little stacks to even up with GB for power.
Well I definitely agree that gods like Arty and AMC could use some extra help with clearing if they plan to stack/clear wave alone. At least we also agreed that Transcendence is a better option for gods that require the power and not the clear in arena.
Occasionally seen in Reno decks. Tech against Doomsayer and totems.
Not worth running as much as Tunnel Trogg. Unbound is too easily removed/dealt with at 3 mana. Tunnel Trogg is a turn 1 play that snowballs really quickly or forces a 3 damage removal which either means a loss of tempo while you build a board with Feral Spirit/Totem Golem/Tuskarr which they can no longer deal with easily seeing that they just used one of their 3 damage removals. Unbound is slower and takes way too long to be relevant.
&gt; makes the deck much better &gt; never really a requirement for the deck to be good as it is Choose one. Tunnel Trogg gave shaman the much needed 1 drop they can snowball with or force tempo loss so they can have free reign for their Golem/Tuskarr/Feral. Before that Aggro Shaman wasn't even a ladder thing.
I like the way you put it. Fair enough I guess.
Not that removing Trogg is hard. Removing Trogg at turn 1/2 is way more punishing than removing Unbound at turn 3/4. How often do you have an opening hand to defend against Tunnel Trogg and whatever that follows? Unbound also fits awkwardly in Shaman decks. At 3 mana you either can't play it at turn 3 due to Totem Golem overload, or compete the 3 drop spot with Tuskarr and Feral, both cards which has instant impact and a much bigger nuisance compared to unbound.
Read on. He replied. I replied. All good.
Oh Fdot called Realzx-Suntouch? Its confirmed then, Fdot is always right. Hail the one and only God.
One problem with S3 esports is that only Hindu is able to truly create hype. With Bart and DM gone the casting team is lacking serious hype :(
Oh my god, is this Russia actually playing great build up?
If only the Russians learned how to to shoot with their legs. What are the chances Russia qualify with 4 points? There is still every chance for them to clean up their play against Wales.
Doesn't matter how much chances you create, long as your striker is Seferovic and your opponent is Romania.
Both penalties. Penaldo who?
Wukong was always a sleeper solo laner. Everyone keeps saying he isn't viable but he was for quite a while already.
You know if that Chelsea match was played in France maybe Stevie G would get a lot less shit for slipping like that.
HERE WE GO MAJOR DIER READY FOR LAUNCH.
End to end football with shit finishing, I like it.
What's the point of playing all these players with so much pace when all England wants to do is play so slowly?
GROUND CONTROL TO MAJOR BALE
Walker with the touch of a rapist.
Fail to get out of a group featuring world beaters Wales, Slovakia and Russia. Roy will definitely get fired of they do not get out.
SEE ROY? VARDY &gt; KANE ALSO STURRIDGE
Now that Sturridge is subbed on after the cries of reddit let's sub him off again 20 minutes later
Dank burns ecksdee
*Canadian
Don't think we should think much about logic in gaming. Kukulkan for example, gets faster by wearing boots, slips and slides around Skadi's rink even though he has no legs.
Here in SEA this will be the first time I can actually watch SMITE games without staying up at midnight. Bless the Swedes.
Wukong played so aggressively its actually triggering me sometimes.
Just realized Hungry For More basically defines the word Eager.
I think that Eager tried to go for all their comfort picks, dj literally passed on Ao for Fenrir, Zap just gave up so many other hunters for Cupid. Really, really weird picks, I can only assume that those all worked out in scrims.
Major props to Hinduman and Adanas for being able to keep the conversation on for so long. If anyone were to become a caster for HiRez I figure this would be the most important skill for them to have.
Any reason I shouldn't outside of hate?
I remember someone claiming that HiRez literally rigged that game.
Come on guys King Ar-Tyr, all the references to Monty Python was done so perfectly, the rabbit hand is just beautiful.
Huh, didn't realize it was only 4 patches. Thanks,
You know I doubted Eager's picks yesterday. But I will not doubt their team comps anymore, they obviously practiced a lot with these weird comps to catch teams off guard. Literally saving strats for majors.
Don't think its luck everyone is getting gems :p
Those cheers when Panthera won that fight tho.
Adapting turning around after that first blood. Why did I ever doubt the god.
Do another one.
Good to see the competitive scene of this game going well so far. Hope it grows into something in the future.
Adapting winning/turning around team fights by himself right now. The man is simply a beast.
I expect DH16SOMETHINGEREZ to give us infinite gems now
The player cams are on such an awkward angle.
3 kills and GF mid game? SoaR potentially putting up a fight here. Late game Vamana and Janus will be disgusting.
Susano is just obnoxious holy fuck.
Hurriwind is just putting himself in positions where he keeps getting shat on by Susano (quite hard to not be tbf). He also wasted so many resources on his end, popping Aegis when Sobek is right next to him to block Neith Ult, near ineffective ults and lots of misses on his Vortex.
Homiefe going ham right now. emilitoo's rotations is just as good.
It's natural to rotate to help your Hunter stuck under tower before the other team dives the tower to do it themselves.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSjHNfIflpI 27 minutes of art. Watch the whole thing to learn a thing or two too, pretty informative as a whole. But if you just wanna skip to the point, skip to 10 minutes. Lasts till the end.
Goddammit Frezzyy. You left me in my largest panic state since Titan disbanded. I was about to talk about how much I'll miss Ataraxia and PriMe together. Masterful.
How does Smite compare to games such as Street Fighter V? Don't follow the SF scene so I'm quite surprised that it beat Smite, how big is it outside of Evo?
Woopsie daisies. Is it the part where I said "unlike usual threads"?
On my side I have switched every ability apart from circular/AOE targets to instant and I find my success rate of Ra Snipes and Tyr's blink combo skyrocketing. On the question of quick casting, I find having the psychological effect of second thinking your instinct with quick casting hurting me. With instant casting I will not have a chance to second think my decisions once I commit, and for me that pays off handsomely. I'll definitely try quick casting once I get past that psychological barrier.
Eh. I don't feel it. When I play support I'll get shit when I play bad and I don't expect to get any less of it when I play any other role. When I play support well I get praises too, mostly in the form of [VVT] and [VER]. Before I got bored of the role I played support pretty well and more often than not my teammates know the work I've done. I'll just attribute our differences to having different luck of teammates, because really I see equal distribution of blame to everywhere. Keep in mind people who already blames supports for everything are likely to blame everyone else anyway.
Should really take you the first few minutes of a game to get used to it. There will be abilities that you won;t get used to it for a long while, for those I'll revert back to default. Would recommend trying out new settings in Arena as missing abilities there are a lot less punishing.
Alright I've seen enough arguments for the "stay" camp. Now, voters for "leave", why?
Art, Geb, Scylla, Kali and Vamana.
Tom Hiddleston voices the Voice Pack as Marvel signs a deal with HiRez to make a Marvel Odyssey. *wakes up from dream*
DJ Zeus happening after all these years of hype would be great.
Feels like I've seen this "Penalties is like demanding trial by combat" comment on all 3 threads I've read about this match so far. Edit: Literally all of them by the same dude. Oh.
Speaking of this who are the players that had their careers remembered for a penalty miss?
Mere seconds left and Ireland throws the ball backwards, seriously lacking urge.
Yeah mate. Pissed cause this dog does 15% + 15% of 5% of a God's health if he builds Qins or Crit, which gives the dog 15% of crit. So much damage compared to Kaldr who does 90% of your autos. Pretty sure Erlang's dog can't bodyblock, bait tower aggro for 5 shots or get into an opponents face from fucking miles. Why are you pissed?
72 transformations is called 72 transformations because it is literally the lore name. 72 transformation isn't even an exclusive Wukong thing, it's all over Chinese Mythology, it is an art to learn, and Erlang Shen is one of them who learned it and it is a pretty big part of his lore. Also you seem mad.
Yeah.... I like how Ajax makes gods with new stuff but really, Fafnir and Jing Wei were gods I dreaded playing after the first 2 games, Fafnir to me fits in a very limited amount of team comps, and Jing Wei just didn't feel right to me. I like Fish's gods, they were pretty fun. If reworked Ravana was his brainchild too then i guess that would be an example of me enjoying Fish's gods. Also I believe he focuses on making the God viable while respecting the lore in his designs, notice how most of his designs end up being very viable in top levels while limiting creative liberty in his kits? Skadi has Kaldr which isn't exactly lore accurate, Amaterasu uses a sword which I heard from people that wasn't her main weapon in lore. But I'm always impressed by how accurately Fish's designs fits the lore of a God (maybe not Ravana).
I hope people start reading into 72 Transformations and realize that it is an art to learn, and it's integral in both lores of Wukong and Erlang Shen. I haven't seen how the rest of the kit works completely so won't talk too much about it, but I'd say that his ult looks pretty interesting in terms of opening up new team comps, and pretty lore accurate too.
Yeah we definitely agree on many things. I agree on Ajax's gods having a pretty clear cut identity with his abilities being very true to the God, just nitpicking Kaldr a lot.
Nah mate every scenario has to be a Blue Team vs Red Team thing! Coexistence cannot be allowed.
Heel injury for Hendo i think.
top drawer laughs mate my throat fell off laughing at this
I for one am in a state of intense despair due to the failure of my favoured team in earning victory in a game of football.
Human refereeing is obsolete. Bring on robotic referees! Can't be biased and cannot be swayed!
Eater is simply not worth it to counter just one deck.
Careful now, they'll call you an immature and patronising mod for saying that over here!
Next level circlejerking 101 in exhibit. Now lets move on to the next exhibition, back to the front page we go tour!
I'd argue against that, later builds of Hunter, including Mid Range ones run only one or no copies of CotW at all.
Hi-Rez making games all over the place when their other newer ones barely settled just seems weird to me.
This is more like it. They are supporting each other much better than how they did against LG with really good rotations this time. yuan certainly looks like a fan of magical ADCs in the mid lane.
You didn't even bother editing a meme template to make it anything significant.
Don't see LG near to C9 last year, probably not.
First esports event I attended and it's looking good so far! Decent seats and Genting is perfect for having events outside of the main thing itself.
Hiding dem hacks in his biceps
I'm loving the atmosphere in here. Absolutely electric.
ATARAXIA REIGNS SUPREEEME
Vulcan on PriMe and wrecking TheBest's Janus. This is why old Titan and Obey are so likeable, making the weirdest of picks the best of picks.
Yeaaaah. Back when I did this it made me track every kill since the switch and judge if the god gets an assist. Once the scoreboard went away for the whole 5 minutes of engagements and kills were dropping left and right. That was a true nightmare.
You don't expect to win against a Pro Team who knows what they're doing when you fall behind. Lead protection is a basic and important skill in professional games. I really don't know why you should expect to win all the time coming from behind.
Eager a bit too ahead of time this time. Perhaps its a sign! Anubis top tier in Season 4 confirmed then.
What a set this is. 545 am right here though.
Watching Obey vs EGR I was wondering if Rat ult is unmissable. Welp Masked proving that hypothesis wrong.....a bit too often. You can stop now Masked.
Think the problem with LG's game 3 was that they didn't draft any *oomph* factor at all. Chippinf away health slowly doesn't work against a Ra and Nu wa can't do enough herself.
Can we make this the designated Xenonami moan thread? Mods having the time of their life removing 10 of these posts every minute.
Or cause they lost out on FP. Which I don't know why anyway cause why would you pick LG over NRG?
THIS GUY KNOWS WHATS GOOD WELCOME MAN.
REPEAT FINALISTS AND SOON TO ENSURE THAT THERE WILL BE NO REPEAT WORLDS WINNERS! GIVE OBEY YOUR ENERGY TO ENSURE THAT PRIME GETS THOSE HOT EARTHSHAKER TEAM WIPES. IT'S NOT JUST DOTA THAT CAN GET HOT EARTHSHAKER PLAYS IN THEIR GRAND FINALS!
WE WERE ALL SHOUTING FOR MEEPO AND DC BANNED IT THEMSELVES AHHHH Edit: ah just an error
ALWAYS NEXT YEAR!
Eh, I thought this place sucked and went to r/dota2 cause I recently became more active at the game. Never in my life have I ever seen a more appalling community.
Hey, I like the memes. But sometimes I had to rub my eyes reading the things people say in that sub seriously and regauge my sarcasm-o-meter.
Well actually i had some arguments against this "6 flex spots" hypothesis of mine and actually they're have a point. The ones I build the most often, which I guess you could call the "must buy" items would be Breastplate of Valor, Bulwark of Hope and Hide of the Urchin. My argument against that is that Urchin is a very selfish support item and utterly useless if you cannot get yourself assists/kills. Bulwark isn't needed all the time if the enemy team lacks serious magical threat and Heartward/Pestilence could do better depending on the enemy team. Breastplate of Valor has incredible value for the amount of Protections and mana it gives but falls off later in the game and pretty bad without having decent health first. But there are indeed items that supports buy very often.
Incredible job, well done. Scylla participation in 6 games clearly OP beyond belief kappa.
Look up "The Story of Daniel J. Pernicus"
Idk if this is true but apparently he has a Skadi build named after him that BaRRa uses so perhaps he's hot shit now.
People like to look smart. Pretty often people will get away with spewing horseshit as they gained traction in upvotes by people who saw what they want to take in as fact and don't do their own fact checking, this is how we have blatant, uninformed and unproven lies become facts.
GAAAAAH FRESH MEAT
Ymir's "Hi". Anyone saying otherwise needs to be thoroughly brainwashed in a conversion camp as not having that line as their favourite line means that they are mentally ill and should be cured from it.
In Malaysian Chinese, especially among the older generations, the "Ah" prefix is used for almost every male you can think of. Your son? "Ah boy", your friend call Kah Meng? "Ah Meng". They also use the "Ah" prefix in calling elder strangers, usually pretty insultingly.
Its supposed to be "HAAAAAI"
Have you dived into Conquest yet? It may seem daunting but once you learn the ropes of it it'll easily be your favourite mode.
I think Toast built this deck specifically to pull off this combo. He will obviously be actively looking for the combo to be pulled off.
It's like a coke rocket. Looks exciting when you see it but it actually just likes nudges your vehicle.
People make it seem like getting more than 1 legendary from crafting as an F2P is straight up impossible in here lol. F2P and had like 2 months where I took Hearthstone seriously and I have a very complete collection already. It really isn't THAT hard. Did I mentiom that I'm F2P? ^^btw
Holy mother of circlejerking we reached critical mass.
It's the other way round. Playing a pirate summons Patches, getting Patches in your starting hand prevents that effect from going off and he just becomes a Stonetusk Boar
IM DOWN FOR THIS.
Kay lassies I think I got Obey's roster for S4. Ataraxia, PriMe, Repikas, Murrdurr and reanimated Confrey.
Dat ares
M I G N O L E T I S S H I T B O Y S
One of TAA's misplaced passes is gonna cost us soon enough.
His shoes are still in place it can't be that bad.
Trent Alexander Arnold. Our teenage right back in place of Clyne
Since Firmino can't finish for shit nowadays I'd rather see us have Coutinho behind a true striker.
Have some pizza
WHAT IS THIS HAHAHAHAHA
No idea why Neville is ever allowed to commentate on a United game. Aren't they supposed to be unbiased?
First touch and he's making things happen already. Bless Coutinho.
Martial off? Thought he should be the last one from the attack to go off tbh.
No one in the game does.
List of things written in the stars according to this thread. 1. Rooney scoring a belter to beat the record 2. Pogba scoring to even out his penalty. 3. Fellaini scoring off his afro.
That's the closest thing to a human mane on a football pitch behind Sadio.
MIGS YOU ARE A MONSTER TODAY I DON'T EVEN CARE THAT IT'S OFFSIDE JESUS
Fucking blatant.
We are all in full reactionary mode here mind you. I for one suggest banning Ander "face-clutching cunt" Herrera for this season.
Confrey mever came back to serious gaming after being kicked iirc. Follow his stream and he kinda stopped after a month or two and tweeted that gaming isn't his thing anymore. EDIT: NO WAIT HE RECENTLY TWEETED HE'S COMING BACK
Probably not down to ego for him leaving but if he left because he thinks he's too good for Obey then fine. ONE LESS EGO ONE MORE CHAMPIONSHIP.
Exactly.
Buffed so hard that she's contested 6 times over the whole of the SWC. Broken beyond belief.
I mean they didn't even announce their Genting roster until like two days before the event
This is the answer to the question that I was searching for years now. Bless you OP.
Her ult when i used to play on 300 ping was a nightmare.
Acid Spray now melts gods over time, melting their flesh to their bare bones. Ah Puch is now top tier.
A team without comms won't use his ult to rotate as well as high tier games. I played Janus a lot and I barely seen people actually follow my lead to rotate when mid was clear and I pinged duo HARD while using VVVR.
iirc he bottom fragged hard in his infamous 1g game, so its not just his 1g moment that gave him this reputation of being below the level of professional play.
Oracles of r/SMITE on S3 reveal: Ares is broken, Herc with Gauntlet is broken, Mercury with these speed boosts and crit items will be broken, Spear of Desolation is gonna make mages OP as fuck. On new gods: Izanami clear is stupid broken, Camazotz never needs to back and so he's OP as fuck too. You don't need to look too far back to see pre-release Morrigan reactions On god buffs: Kali being able to select targets means mid lane is dead all the time, thanks Hi-Rez. Scylla gets a &lt;10% increase in damage late game on Crush, broken. Ra, Sylvanus and Nemesis is in a serious need of a buff! That is until I see them getting played at the SPL. And so many more, I think gamers in general has been proven multiple times across many games to be terrible at predicting metas, we should probably calm down before making ourselves look stupid.
How far ahead did you let the enemy Janus go to let him one shot you with that combo lol. I mean I agree he needs a nerf but once I was super ahead as Janus with full build and pots and yet I just barely missed out on a 100-0 on an enemy Nemesis levels behind me building glass cannon.
[Find yourself in this thread.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/58qk0u/kali_new_passive/) Well at least you changed. I fully agree with you. More often than not this sub kneejerk reacts to things and stay silent when things goes as they did not expected it to be.
I mean OP specifically talked about the 1-2 combo only. Edited my original comment for clarity.
You can try reading the red bar on the header of this sub.
Ah yes Season 4 which hasn't even started yet has the worst start ever. This beat Season 3 for the worst start ever which beaten Season 2 for the worst start ever which also beaten release SMITE for being the worst ever. Like every gaming community ever you lot look at buffs and nerfs in a vacuum. I dare not say that S4 will be balanced but I won't go on a fucking limp and straight up say its unbalanced before even entering the UI of the new Season. There will be synergies that is there to be theorycrafted with all of these new items, perhaps the perceived shit tier gods will be buoyed by them. The map as a whole changed too and there will definitely be other gods that benefit or lose from this. I invite you lot to take a look at the complaints when the Season 3 Patch Notes were released and how many of them actually came true.
pls remove damage it kills me
[This one is my favourite](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6NY41Q4O8k) "This is fine". Yes, yes it is indeed.
It was definitely the top tier 1 deck before its counter decks started popping up.
Why is it bad if the skillcap of the game had just risen?
oh shit look janus got one shot'd. time to remove ra snipe
Centaur Warrunner is EZ Elo
At least get the meme right if you wanna do it
Does it matter if you don't buy it in the end?
If we do the counting that's around 8 years we are talking about. That's a lot of time for things to change.
Most of the time when looking at Post Match Threads that has spoiler avoiding titles I can still easily tell who wins looking at the upvotes. For one, in CSGO hot favourites Natus Vincere lost to Astralis yesterday and I only have to look at the upvotes to tell that Astralis won. Or with a more relatable example, Federer vs Wawrinka days ago.
I T S 2 0 1 7
I'd listen to Sadokist cast all day just for those smooth one liners.
As you can tell the Ice Rink buff is already making Skadi SS tier. Nice one Hi-Rez.
Gadgetzan. Ferryman. Reveal. That day was the worst. Front page were people questioning Blizzard devs about Rogue. "WE NEED DESIGNER INSIGHT ON ROGUE!" blablabla with like half the set left to reveal.
I asked this in the match thread and I'll do it here again &gt;If you are spraying the bomb spot to check for a ninja shouldn't you try to expend as much ammo as you can as you are spraying blindly to increase your chances?
We're in another realm if we're talking about Toast making plays no one cared.
BUT WHO THE FUCK IS FENRIR????? HAHAHAHA GET IT GUYS FENRIR ISN'T RELEASED YET
Aren't half of FaZe themselves rejects of Tier 1 teams?
Federer just dominating this current game. So quick.
TAPE. ACE. TAPE. ACE. TAPE. ACE.
Missed his prime by a decade though.
We'd have to do this 3 times in a single game.
LETS FACE THE FACTS, AS A FEDERER FAN FEDERER HAS LITTLE CHANCE TO WIN THIS . K A P P A LYNCH ALL THE NON-BELIEVERS
I genuinely think that Ronaldo's droppings will be amusing enough for some people to get it, and enough for fanatics to get it. Shipping not included.
People sure are disappointed with people getting karma.
Oh you poor child.
If a player goes down and it is not a foul, shouldn't it be judged as a dive and end with the player being booked? Why is the rule so rarely enforced?
MMMPH. Costa of all of them to miss it, loving this feeling.
Milner can't go on, he has to go off.
You're months behind the times.
He could be a one man midfield, it's as if he's marking the whole of the midfield at once.
He created more chances than our usual 4 today and made really clutch tackles at the back. Surely a showing of top class midfield play from both Kante and Hendo today.
Only took a little over a year for most of the prem to start their dislike of Klopp. Surprised it took this long really.
Never prefix your opinion with unpopular opinion, especially when that opinion isn't that unpopular to boot.
I remember when some experts around here called Bellona a shit solo laner when she wasn't seen the SPL for like half a month, Osiris too, but he was buffed in ability damage so
MMMM I remember that Season 1. Where every role had 3 viable picks, where a game in decided in 5 minutes, where Fatalis was not needed cause Sprint 3 was stupid absurd, where beads had a CD of 90 seconds with cooldown reduction, where you die from full health before Ao Kuang finishes his "A MIGHTY SWORD" line, where Qins was in every build, where Witchblade gave MS and AS and Protection and a stupid absurd aura, and so much more. And yet some people here talk with Rose tinted glasses and go all "being back teh good ol days of S1, snowball meta is shit"
To circumvent catholic laws of premarital sex the joke is that some catholics take it up the ass before marriage and only up the vagina after marriage. See also: Fuck me in the ass cause I love Jesus.
Stroll just let him past like he was blue flagged, perhaps it was muscle memory.
Thats also a copypasta
What a fucking champion with his power of downvoting, incredible. Boys and girls we are erecting a statue for the hero of the hour, the man who wields the power to downvote.
How would you know?
&gt; We really can't blame an indie app dev for not looking into what would happen after having so much notice. Or maybe this is a once in a game's lifetime event and spending time to "fix" something that will never happen again is really a waste of time.
Hot damn wherr did you get that figure from? I'm bad at googling.
Adventure cards are not craftable unless you disechanted them from the Adventures, you have to buy Karazhan to have it.
Hosted Worlds for SMITE 3 years running.
"Top secret stuff so here have a quick look"
Shit, I'd watch the opening ceremony produced by Disney. "Disney on Ice, seriously".
Careful now, you've just declared yourself as a *gasps* JADE DRUID AND QUEST ROGUE PLAYER IN r/hearthstone!
EGR started with Anatoliy in and Aror in S2. The switch happened mid season. Just in case.
Xeno did not prove himself in FP so why would he end up in a top tier team like EGR?
Yeah absolutely, the NA talent pool is seriously shallow. When was thw last time a whole team exploded into the scene like Team Rival did in NA? Probably S2 NME.
Oh boy lets not spread religious ideologies here shall we?
Hungry Crab brought me to legend. Teching against the ladder works amazingly. When VS put Murloc Pally at the top of their list everyone and their moms were scrambling together Paladin decks and some Mage decks while the odd oirates float around. The result was me putting both crabs and a flare into my Mid Range Hunter deck which gave me a 76% win rate to legend. Good times, before Hunter was found out.
Difference being the whole team having some form of recognition beforehand, apart from Oceans all of the Gauntlet ALG roster had a split title before.
Well yeah he's definitely going to be wrong there, we'd be winning every season.
Where would de Sciglio sit now? I remember him being the next big thing a season or two ago.
Once upon a time, I went on a drunk theorycraft rant to my mates and suggested that Geb has: Mobility, good CC, he has to be a great jungler. Neith has: 4 CCs, she's a support. Odin has a nuke and great wave clear, he's a good mid. Ah Puch has great sustain, he's solo for sure. And lastly Zhong ADC cause "he fuckin autos twice bro what else could you possibly demand from an ADC". We ran that team once for shits and giggles and got out right trashed. What a surprise.
Tennis isn't an athletic event, it's racquet swinging.
Well we see things differently then, let me explain from my perspective. If the swinging of the racket is a skill, driving of the car is a skill. Just like Tennis, an F1 race is physically demanding, drivers lose kilos of sweat per race, and fatigue plays a part in the late stage of a race, just like Tennis. The fitness of a driver is as demanding if not more than a Tennis player, they have restricted diet and they have to be incredibly fit to handle the G-Forces of a car for 2 hours straight. Perhaps in your perspective sitting down in a cockpit of an F1 car isn't tiring like other athletic sports, but you are mistaken.
When I was at 9k years of play time I didn't know that killing the Titan wins the game. I thought we win by killing tbe enemy until they DC.
I mean, he is *Raffer*, he may have toned down a lot since the whole ban thing but he is still one of the most passive aggressive pro in the scene.
Depends on how you build him. They don't call him fat Loki for nothing.
Aww it only works for recent games. Was hoping I get to see some of the most memorable plays from different views. Like Aquila's hold out vs DiG, the million dollar Sic' em, blabla. Good start nonetheless
Haha absolutely not, but I had hopes that we could still download the files to view the demo if it ever still exists in their database, like how DotA 2 had this feature from the start. We are downloading the whole patch when viewing a game from the old patch, so I thought we could dl S1 files again to view S1 games.
I was talking about viewing them from multiple different angles though. We never actually saw the beginning of Repi's Quadra and I'd like to see what St3alth was seeing before committing into the fight.
Sounds really self congratulatory really.
A rant about Journey to the West as a Chinese: Journey to the West is the most repeatedly produced movie in the Chinese cinema that its getting annoying and boring. Every year or two some big production will produce ANOTHER Wukong movie, and each movie is the same regurgitated shit that you seen before, Wukong movie A would be about battling the gods, Wukong movie B would see Ne Zha, Wukong movie C would probably see Ao Kuang or Erlang, repeat the cycle. The last time I've seen anything creative for a Wukong movie is probably the ones made by Stephen Chow, that shit was like 20 years back by now. It just feels like each Wukong movie is just "Wukong: Now with more overdone CGI and a different lead actor". A good comparison would be the Transformers movie series, seriously why do people still watch that shit. The side effect of the popularity of Wukong is that the only thing that game devs seem to be able to think of when they want to add Chinese stuff to their game is: Add Wukong. Oh shet you want Chinese weapons don't worry bruh here have a Jingu Bang, it wouldn't be that bad if they bothered to add more Chinese stuff after the Wukong stuff, but usually Wukong is their "token Chinese thing to show off how culturally diverse our game is", SMITE is an obvious exception cause they made a game based on deities so ofc they have to add more Chinese stuff. Now I definitely agree that Journey to the West is a seriously awesome fit for an adventure, all the monsters and different places travelled totally would make it incredible and the best theme the Chinese Pantheon has to offer, but selfishly, as someone who is super tired of seeing Wukong everywhere whenever some game integrates Chinese stuff into their game, I hope that if HiRez ever makes another adventure like this they will either use another pantheon for this OR use another Chinese story, maybe when they add Baishe (ancient Chinese peeps loves snakes) they could make something out of it, or something to do with the Jade Emperor etc.
&gt; Xboxlive That's the best nickname for a SMITE god I've ever heard of. Shit, now Xbal must get a Xbox skin, Zeus was wrong.
What if Blizz knew Freeze would still be insane so they nerfed it before it got OP?
United may have the Dab university but we have more than that.
People don't like dm and so anyone who are friends with him are branded "yes men" cause how dare they be friends with him. I think he is indeed a major twat but you lot are really being unfair to his friends if you think they're spineless humans for being friends with dm.
You act as if dm is in any position of authority that all his friends have obligations to remain friends with him. If his "yes men" gets flamed unjustly they would definitely be not cool with it and like any other functioning human being just straight up not be friends with him. It's not like dust and co are afraid of being flamed, so scared that they go "oh no diem hurts my feelings when he flames me better agree with everything he says instead of straight up not being friends cause he's a major piece of shit to me"
Aren't the "yes men" his supposed team mates like Teevee, Dust and before he died, Allied? Also comparing him to a cult leader is seriously an exaggeration. He's a massive twat but he's not that bad lmao. But in the end it could just be a misunderstanding since we have different ideas of what his "yes men" are.
Playing to whatever you think is fun is fun. There's no definitive way to have fun, each have their own. Also, water is wet.
It's not really balanced, he's intentionally kept bad in high level play.
Agent Virgil van Dijk on a mission to be tapped up by every club in the Premier League so every club is transfer banned, and so Southampton wins the League in a few years.
[Dukesloth was right kappa/nokappa](https://twitter.com/ObeyAtaraxia/status/873592787798814728) Also with how hard Nem is valued nowadays, I'm surprised that I saw no one in here complain about her at all. That's usually the trend, get banned or picked in every game, get complained about.
Ataraxia is the same dude that tried Masumame Chiron in an important set last season. Next he'll be trying out Stonecutting Sword Ullr and Ancile Artemis.
team needs a better nulisa.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/58un6h/nrg_esports_vs_obey_alliance_eu_spl_season_3_fall/
In SMITE? Yes absolutely. Lots of viewers for his stream and he is better than most of us in the game, and in the same time putting out in depth guides. So yeah, he is pretty much very relevant.
Former caster for HR, was the prime caster (the shoutcaster during Grand Finals) but he was always controversial for his toxic behaviour. Then one fine day he criticized one of his subs who told him that DMs streams saved him from depression and suicide, which prompted DM to go on a tirade on suicide and called that sub stupid for that. He resigned shortly after coming under heavy fire, or rumour has it (the more spouted narrative around here, which is probably true) forced to resigned by HR themselves. tbf that tirade on suicide was indeed unnecessarily toxic.
Alain would know a thing or two about collisions. Even his son does too.
Sorry for your loss. I guess I shouldn't have generalized it. I can understand why it was selfless in your friends case, but I spoke from my experience only. Should've been more considerate, sorry.
Playing Loki and not spending the whole game just eaiting for an opportunity to press 4.
Poorer gene transfer so it's understandable. /s
[Guys he's just doing Rooney tweets.](https://www.google.com/search?q=rooney+tweets&amp;tbm=isch&amp;imgil=5BhlqO_mU2s8PM%253A%253B0ZR_YXTu0ZIKiM%253Bhttp%25253A%25252F%25252Fwww.unilad.co.uk%25252Farticles%25252Fwayne-rooneys-twitter-account-is-an-absolute-goldmine%25252F&amp;source=iu&amp;pf=m&amp;fir=5BhlqO_mU2s8PM%253A%252C0ZR_YXTu0ZIKiM%252C_&amp;usg=__asLjbRPyXfcNAqXgvGKhLGQ7AOY%3D&amp;biw=1536&amp;bih=758&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjF15zRqsLUAhWGNo8KHf0WApIQyjcIUA&amp;ei=mcpDWYWnCIbtvAT9rYiQCQ#imgrc=84ncYPHKsPpv2M:)
NCitW and Otis are my picks to win, that one isn't as easy for me.
Paris is the most widely known song from WTT from what I know, and as a result will definitely be hit by the "too popular" syndrome in survivor votes. Power, Stronger, Gold Digger, Heartless and Can't Tell Me Nothing are examples of these.
The current engine formula is faster and a much better demonstration of energy efficiency so I think the solution to this issue is to put very loud speakers on the exhaust of the cars replaying engine sounds from 2004.
The new lap times with only half a season of development.
Very fair point. But I also think that the restrictions on other features since then (driver aids, aero restrictions etc) has also pit a dent on the new lap times. But the new engines has shown to also be faster than every year before this in many tracls, even the ones with the newer aero development and loud engines before the hybrid era. While I agree aero development played a part, the fact that the new engines are able to outlap the pre hybrid era cars by seconds with this little development shows the huge potential of the new engines when it gets years of developments.
*breathes*
It's the hair
You could shove anything in there with an instagram filter.
His career needs to be ruined please. Fuckin snake. PSG must show that they're not to be fucked with and bench Veratti till his contract runs out, where are the PSG legends (seriously though I'm not sure who can be called a PSG legend I have no knowledge on this) to shit talk Veratti?
Missed my /s. But the current argument for benching Donnaruma in the Milan camp is that Milan's owners are filthy rich and doesn't need the money. That's what I'm mimicking.
And again, I'm just parroting what some of your fans are saying what should be done to Donnaruma next season, not everyone.
In comparison to S2 when EGR started up? Naaah. It's not like the casual player base grew a lot either, console yes but it is a new game then, nowadays we still get the "small player base" excuse for things that cannot be done.
You severely underestimated the Russian and Chinese viewerbase for eSports. Ah wait, SMITE isn't blowing up there either.
He replied in a perfectly calm manner just to provide context. That's not being triggered.
Welp my memory failed me then. You're right. I did recall meeting tons of them at high ladder when I laddered back then, that's how I got that perception.
Never realized HAM wasn't in the vote. Never thought to vote it out yet.
This is how brain aneurysms happen
He probably isn't even allowed to surf the web by his mother yet.
i'd say that using Schumacher's collision was a bad example. Sure, it is the same maneuver but Schumacher CLEARLY did it with intent to cheat out a championship, Vettel did it because he lost it. I do advocate for something more than a stop-go, however.
1 MANA 1/0
CLASS LIVE DEMO HERE INVOLVING ME, MY DAUGHTER AND ~~A VOLUNTEER~~ YOU THERE WITH HOLES. ALSO PREPARE FOR THE NEXT CLASS WHERE I'LL TEACH YOU HOW TO SLIDE INTO A GIRLS DM BY TRANSFORMING INTO A BIRD AND THEN PERFORMING UNCONSENTED INTERCOURSE.
Everyone wants in on the "Kuzenbo buff" train. It's the latest trend.
Not sure if this is a shitpost but I got straight up turned off after reading the first line. As if the title didn't hurt enough. Jeez
https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/6ivng4/kuzenbo_viability_buff_please_read_to_get_him_the/ Yeah holy shit this is a brand new account too. Even reposted the exact same thing at least 2 times before creating a new account, probs banned. Dude really, really wants to be heard. OP it's ok to stop.
[OP is either doing stupid shitposts like I do or just straight up desperate.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/6jt0h1/kuzenbo_buff_idea_very_high/djgteyj/)
I'm too uneducated on S4 conquest to talk about it but some pro players aren't exactly known for being right all the time. I'm not sure about PBM's reputation though. FOr example if Varizial talks about builds I'll take it with a grain of salt.
But why would anyone throw away credibility like this though, I find it hard to understand anyone who does this while having a public face.
Feelsreallybadman. It's actually a matchup that never happened though it could've if the teams were wrapped up a split earlier. Cloud9 vs Aquila happened on the tournament right before Titan announced buying the Aquila Roster. COG Prime vs Titan occured on the tournament before Cloud9 bought COG Prime's roster.
What's the basis of this law existing? Sounds silly. Especially the +1 day.
Makes sense. Shame it took till 1996 to rid of it.
OMG guys looks like I'm not the only one who ~~has an absolutely shitty memory with terrible knowledge of the map~~ always seen the map without New Zealand on it! Must be some supernatural parallel universe thing rather than just me being forgetful.
[HIREZ PLS NOTICE ME](https://www.reddit.com/r/gank/comments/6ju85b/skin_concept_hype_beast_cernunnos/)
Well he's proving something else with this tweet, he's not biased, just flat out wrong at times.
