Thanks.
"I'm building a ladder to get you out of here."
Megadeth
Similarly, I've been asked by CoD-bros over the headset if I'm Minnesotan. Close enough.
You guys realize he was trying to catch a ball from the outfield that sailed over his glove, right? You can see it on both sides of him.
Now I get it.
Pretty sure that's Robb executing Lord Karstark. Edit: on re-watching, this is a huge episode, right down to the song over the credits.
S3E5 has Shireen singing a Patchface song, first briefly in scene and then extended over the credits. Awesome episode all around.
That's the strongest stuff I've ever crinkled.
Definitely need a gif of CBC's shot of Toews spinning with the Cup.
I've felt ever since reading Feast that she's just tragic. Not that I can sympathize or root for her, but I get the impression that she'd be perfectly content with a small life on a farm with kids, but there's no way she could ever have had it. When she dies, I hope she doesn't suffer long. Jaime will see to that.
Are you me? *Good idea, but they're harder to throw.*
So. ~~I was...~~ ~~I'm a little curious...~~ oh god don't make me ask it. What does two cups feel like?
Sorely underlooked fact, that.
Rebels flair, nice.
Of all the things to be proud of, you choose BP?
I mean, he's Jon Quick and you're watching the game, so...
Red Deer's worst claim to fame.
You're not in the minority, they were always terrible. Fucking low tempo "punk" music. I'll bet they get calluses from their guitar picks.
Why is Seth Green relevant? I know he's part of RC, but I was specifically talking about MacFarlane's role in the skit.
With the game Ramo's having? Yeah, no.
You kind of support the point you're arguing against - if it was a man, Kylo presumably wouldn't have any sexual urge. Because Rey is a woman, the threat takes on another layer.
I love that they try to stop drinking in Finland.
Corsi (For?)% means they've taken 51.9% of even-strength shots on goal over the course of their streak, I believe. Not sure what PDO is.
I turned the difficulty down a couple times too, but my experience was that the combat became even more rinse-and-repeat at lower levels. Ideally, the combat should require you to use a variety of signs, potions, bombs and swordplay in each encounter, with different aspects taking a more prominent role in different fights. While it didn't feel visceral and frantic like a good Souls battle, I thought The Witcher 3 excelled at making you learn how to use all your skills, rather than simply min-maxing your way to your favourite superweapon.
If you do this first thing every morning, you'll be a bit looser in general all the time. You'll be more in touch with the condition you're in at any given moment. That said, stretching in the morning is no substitute for warming up six hours later. If you don't want to stretch twice a day, then you should be stretching right before or right after your workout. For best results, have a morning routine that complements your lifting stretches. Source: I've stretched before.
I just wanted to blow through the combat, too. That's how I played W2. Your description of your play style probably matches a lot of people's. When you crank it up, things like potion upgrades and reading the Bestiary become more relevant, adding to the role play aspect. What would Geralt do? He would slow down, chill out, gather herbs, read a book, consult local experts and go into battle with some kind of plan. Only then would he make his thousand cuts. I think part of what makes him a great character (despite his blandness) is the respect he has for the world around him. Does he need to kill this monster? If so, why? And how?
This play is also remarkable because the Stars had stolen a point from the Oilers earlier in the season on a bad goal reversal call. With the Oilers down by one with less than a minute to go, Shawn Horcoff took the draw in the offensive zone. He won the faceoff and assisted on a tying goal, but the whole play was done over because the ref thought that Horcoff had made a hand pass when in fact his hand was just low on his stick for the faceoff. The Oilers failed to recreate their quick goal, the Stars won in regulation, I had no problem with the result at the time, though I acknowledged that it was a raw deal for the Oil. This play has everything: Hemsky scores, Ferraro rips a bad performance, a whole team gets screwed. I didn't think much of it until this happened, weeks or months later. All of this is true, and it's the real reason the Stefan play happened how it did. Hockey gods. There's no other explanation. [Here's the clip!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrpxnkTlAKU)
CLASSYCLASSYCLAsorry, do we still do that?
Probably closer to 8 unless you think he's going to start 182 games in a 162 game season. Realistically, 100-140 games.
The team could literally move to Tampa Bay and they'd still be ours. This is no time to go shelling out for something that expensive without a viable return. The whole deal stinks.
Yeah, you might need to tweak the formula a little to make it relevant to your community, but the concept of mentoring someone younger than yourself is universal. Doesn't necessarily have to be someone less fortunate than you, though it stands to reason that they would benefit more than someone who just needs a friend outside of home and school. Please don't think that I was conflating being black with being less fortunate.
That suggests there are people who desperately want him on the team.
I couldn't be sure. I *had* to know.
Are you the typical Panthers fan?
Do they need to?
buddy....
You're hilarious. This is the second game since the streak, it was over when you got to VAN. I expect you to recognize that no matter how many goals they lose by tonight, the Panthers are 12-2 in their last 14. That's not "the same fucking Panthers hockey" that you think it is.
lol
I just wanted to lick your tears a little, enjoy the playoffs.
It would've lost some of the charm of the reference made. And sounded funny, but not funny ha-ha.
I wanted his favourite band to come out and play his favourite song.
This article got me pregnant, and I swear I never had sex with it.
Yup.
It's a split based on more factors than that. Area code is arbitrary, geography and immigration less so.
Is anyone else having a hard time reading the names on those orange jerseys? Now, red on white - that's a colour combo the Oilers could learn from.
I like them just fine, they're unique. The font, however, gets soaked up by all that orange. Needs to make the blue pop better, maybe dial back the white border.
Or maybe just turn on the lights in the arena, who knows?
Timeless. The word you're looking for is timeless.
Nothing wrong with that. I just want to actually know who I'm watching.
No question then, support local! The NHL gets enough of your time and attention.
I'm not even here to argue, but we get more than enough Leafs games out here. Enjoy all the hockey.
Sick dump-in, Hallsy!
Who wants a little river hockey? I DO!
And three in the NHL, though I expect a few of the guys rounding out the top ten to have endorsement deals to fill the gap. That totals around 275 in those leagues. Maybe some golfers, tennis players... poker players?
90s kids don't have as much of a place on the modern NHL team as they used to, but they're still there, passing on traditions that only they remember.
Then don't sweat it, browning the meat is not strictly necessary. Yes, it adds flavour and yes, that would be important if the meat were to be served on its own, but this dish already has plenty of flavour and any textural advantage of searing will be nullified by the stewing process.
I just got here. How's the game been?
Right where we want 'em.
I think we just did!
*tap tap tap*
Underrated comment. More people need to read this and really consider what it's saying.
Yeah, it seems pretty clear that he's rapping at the mirror at this point in the video.
I had to re-read it.
That's an (arguably) incorrect spelling that's grown in popularity in recent years. There is much more precedent for "whoa". Here's a chart that illustrates the usage of each spelling over the years on reddit: [http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=whoa.woah&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10] (http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=whoa.woah&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
Now you're just making shit up.
One morning, early 2012, I was riding the 7 downtown. Knowing that I would be one of the first to disembark, I stood near the back door. As the bus filled up, I was forced closer to the door. As the bus filled beyond capacity, I was literally pushed out the door eight stops early. That was the day that I became a committed winter cyclist.
Nope, but they may be an oddball who greets themselves in comments.
I'll be there to finish it 3 on 3.
*stick tap*
You wish. We're not rolling over for the likes of you.
Noted. Still stand by what I said though - the Flames aren't an easy win.
Ron Hainsey's still playing? What do they call him on the ice, Hainsey?
I don't know about Canes fans, but Flames fans don't usually show up in great numbers outside of our subreddit, which isn't all that hopping either if we're being honest.
Okay, maybe the Flames will lay down for the likes of you.
GOOD
Never shave again?
What does it matter to you?
If you stretch every day, you'll get some kind of results for sure. Their extent will be determined by how you challenge yourself each session - if you can touch the floor with your fingertips, aim for palms flat. You are certainly going to be more flexible; how much more is up to you. Sure, there's a limit, but you're not there yet. As far as your goals, I would suggest replacing your cardio with HIIT in whichever form you'll stick with. You'll spend less time on it, you'll burn fat quicker, and you'll reap greater benefit to your cardiovascular system.
More curls. Volume. The right shampoo will take you places. Don't swing the weights.
Good mornings? I love Romanian deadlifts, they work the whole back plus glutes and hams. You could also imitate the movement with resistance bands under your feet.
I've heard that box squats carry the risk of spinal compression, as in "oops, I went down too fast and now this 225lbs on my back has nowhere to go." Be conscious of that when you go heavy.
What a time to be alive.
Ha!
Hitler was known for being hilarious though, so she still gets by.
The pro-tank viewpoint would state that a top pick is not supposed to turn a franchise around immediately, but rather be a significant contributor to years of future success.
You can levy that criticism towards any musician with an extensive catalogue, though. Kanye definitely works with a ton of people, but that doesn't discredit him at all. I think it supports the notion that he's a highly creative intellectual rather than a flash in the pan or a coattail rider as you imply (going so far as to say that he **was** a great producer and now he's not a producer at all. Why is it so hard for people to say, "I don't like Kanye's music but I'm not bothered by it"?
Honestly, I just did. You are the yin to my yang here man, I am as eternally fascinated by him as you are dispassionately unimpressed and I'm okay with that. I just can't ignore every instance of playa-hatin' and yours is perfectly off-base. It's completely true that he does a smaller percentage of his own production now than he used to, going by the ever-increasing number of co-producers listed. On some albums more than others, we even see him relinquishing the first production credit, on some tracks not even receiving co-producer. All that accounted for, he still has first production credits on the vast majority of his songs, and his upcoming album looks to carry on the trend. You're right to describe him as an orchestrator and I wouldn't be surprised to learn that his method features a healthy amount of "make it sound like this for me", but to insist that doesn't qualify as production is ignorant. Without Kanye in the booth, these incredible fucking albums don't happen.
Spoiler alert: you won't like it. Edit: but I'm looking forward to your thoughts all the same.
Sportsnet panel making the reasonable point that you can see his feet moving to the side at the last moment, suggesting that he didn't see the linesman and tried to move out of the way. Worth at least a phone hearing, but not necessarily malicious. Would be nice to see the team without him for a day or two, but if no one's hurt then I don't care one way or the other. Dumb play on Wideman's part.
Are the Ice Caps really worthy of your spite, though? What did they do wrong?
Hilarious in concept, though.
[In his own words.](http://www.theplayerstribune.com/a-guy-like-me/) Definitely worth the read.
I just got here and haven't had a chance to see them together yet, but I sure like the sound of it.
Yeah, that's what I wanted to see. Now if Gaudreau could get Scott the hatty, I'd be out of my seat.
You know you love it.
Clip please, anyone!
Osuna waited until the game was won to drop the ball.
Phoenix Coyotes legend, rather.
Good thing you're cute.
This sub is supposed to be the last bastion of reasonable discussion!
What do you have against nutritionists? Do you really think it's a bad investment on the team's part? Edit: oh, I catch your meaning now. I assume that if the nutritionist/dietician showed some credentials, you'd be okay with it?
Sure did.
Please elaborate.
He should have had daughters.
The Waif let Arya suffer. Jaqen won't be pleased.
Her face that hasn't been cut off her dead body? That was Arya, she got stabbed good.
ANY MAN DIES WITH A CLEAN SWORD, I'LL HYPE HIS FUCKING CORPSE!
That's more the fault of the writing than anything. The actresses aren't doing much of anything wrong, unless you don't like their accents.
Sansa was also thinking, "you can't understand yet, kid," but knew she had to hold her tongue. Great exchange there.
I had to watch the scene to get what you were saying, but that's an interesting point. Also of note in that scene, the Waif says "I was right about her", to which Jaqen replies "you were." This could dampen speculation on the implications of the Waif's use of personal pronouns when talking about how much she wants to kill Arya. Anyway, good find on the faces; there's not much we know for certain with regards to the swapping tech, as far as I've seen.
Wasn't that Glover in the trailer, drawing his sword in front of Brienne in a dimly-lit hallway? She didn't look like she was there to fight, and neither did he, even as he drew steel. I think he was giving the speech with a flourish. Someone tell me who that was otherwise.
She fucked him up on a bridge years ago, he'd go down ten times out of ten.
You should tell him that.
True that, I specialize in soft line drives over the middle infield and aggressive baserunning. Just feeling the banger spirit is all.
We live in an era where thumbnails will regrow within seconds in just a few decades.
Let's see how it works. Edit: credit
Yup. Can't help wanting it, but it keeps burning us.
Here we go boys, bonus baseball!
Baseball isn't a morality play, it has definitive win/loss conditions. One team will deserve to win.
I'm here to second Blown Wide Open. Every time I've ever seen a band play that song, the bridge brings with it this anticipation throughout the room that really makes a performance special.
Tough talk from a Wild fan.
I'm not familiar with the details, why didn't Kessel want to be traded?
I root for him in hopes that people will give up the "whiner" narrative, or at least accept that at his best, he's THE best. I can hardly wait to see what he does when he retires.
I consider this your mission now.
Negative five, brand new game!
You're this close to a Cup, of course you're on edge. Just keep stroking, it'll all come together eventually.
I can't see his ass hair in this photo, what am I missing?
Very good sportsmanship, except for the part where you wrote off your own team while they're leading on the road.
Make friends with fans of your team if possible, frequent sports bars that will accommodate your selfish requests to put on the wrong hockey game, or just go to minor league games in your new home, I hear those are fun.
I'll defer to your flair and awesome analogy.
So do we. Edit: in all fairness, Darwin Barney has basically been the Jays' best hitter since before Tulo's placement on the DL, but that doesn't mean we don't miss Tulo.
Glass 3/4 full, I'm feeling it!
I had never seen it and was definitely expecting a drunk driving PSA. That was nuts.
Best part was when we scored five runs and chased Jimenez after 0.1 innings.
As usual. The specific issue of replaying the bottom of the eighth was present today, as well as the usual choppiness on Chrome desktop. I'm amazed at how consistently the Android app performs compared to desktop.
Adblock? I'm not getting them on desktop or Android.
Beric gave his life to her not long after she died, so his presence seems to indicate that she's dead for good here.
Give it up, dude. On the slim chance that LSH happens, she hasn't happened yet. The BWB/R'hllorists will absorb whatever her grand purpose is, because she is a fucking crazy development that would draw focus away from what's really going on in this story. EVEN IF she's meant to parallel the freaky resurrections going on up North, she isn't as important as the Night's King so she won't take his screen time.
Not with that WSH bandwagon flair, but nice try.
How many times do you plan on buying it?
Bruh
Your point about the Olympics suggests you didn't see the goal, even though you obviously have. Honestly, I think the only active player who deserves an honorary mention is Patrick Kane, but even he can't compare to Crosby's all-around game and legacy.
I just meant that it was a phenomenal goal; he called for the pass in such a manner that the USA probably would have sent it his way, then blew the shot past Miller faster than almost anyone could. I agree with what you're saying about Toews' overall contribution in the tourney, dude's probably my favourite player on the strength of that performance alone, but Crosby is why they won that game, in that moment. With respect to all the other factors on that play, it was all him.
Great, another fuckin' nailbiter.
Honest question: what does Goins lack that would contribute to ideal outfield defence?
Ricky Romero
My social studies class got to see that in the theatre in grade eleven, I still cringe when I think about the guy with the burned leg. I can see how there are better Vietnam movies, but what's wrong with this one?
Yeah, we don't really joke about every last tragedy... I'm sure there are a few D-Day jokes out there, but you don't tend to hear them for a reason. 'Too soon' can last generations sometimes.
Two homers already, evidently!
Stealing traditions is weird
No time to celebrate Russ, Pillar wants it!
It's so malicious too, not stereotypically Canadian at all.
Does the textbook cover that barrel roll, too?
This is no fucking time for MLB.tv to crash.
Love a good bunt. Happ, you monster!
Rwogned
lol
That step by the second baseman is so damning, though.
Sick, thanks.
Not a good look for us.
Sounds reasonable. Listen to your body, it's easier than counting calories. Have some idea what 3000kcal looks like in a given day, keep lifting and don't stay hungry for long if you're bulking.
I like to think that you've been around to enjoy 90s punk but had never heard of Pantera. I realize that's not likely the case, but I get a kick out of it all the same.
Hooray?
We should just dial back his starts an inning at a time, then once it's down to one inning we start shifting them further back in the game, with a carousel of players from our bench filling the gap. Once Tulo is back, maybe Barney can pitch a few. Eventually we'll have Sanchez pitching the eighth, at which point we can switch his starts back to the rotation. Makes perfect sense to me.
You don't lose the money, it's already spent. You lose the hat and gain a memory.
They both explore doomed young romance.
But dragons weren't?
That's been on ever since Yara fucked the tits off that one Volantene whore.
Who are you quoting? I think that's pretty wordplay more than an effective rule of thumb. Rama was an improbable possibility and I love the concept. Kirk fucking every green woman in the galaxy is a probable impossibility that I don't buy. I wasn't being serious before, but I'm doubling down now. Why does she need a saddle?
I figure he survived because he was the first to kneel.
Literally untrue, but sure. If that kid is anything short of ecstatic at his involvement in the biggest episode they've ever shot, I don't care in the least. Good job Reekon, now make way for the Starks who can take care of themselves.
Yup. His charge when Rickon died, in his mind, was his best chance at dying and not being resurrected. Once he was given the choice, in a single moment, to live or die, he knew he had to keep fighting. Scary scene.
Taking advantage implies that there was something to be gained.
There's still the feast at the Twins to be seen, as featured in the preview. Not strictly Northern politics, but the likely venue for a "North Remembers" speech.
Who cares?
Your circular logic isn't convincing me. Why, in-universe for practical reasons, does she need a saddle, and why is that more of an issue than dragons?
Doran was never a main character.
I appreciate your spelling it out for the benefit of anyone reading who didn't understand, but with respect to Aristotle, I still don't think it applies. Your line of thinking has you bogged down in this idea that because we weren't shown a saddle, Dany's power is undermined by way of being unrealistic. It was never realistic and it never will be; it's improbable *and* impossible. She's a fireproof teenager who has telepathic control over a dragon and you invoke Aristotle to justify your disapproval that she doesn't use a saddle? If she could fly, would you be upset that we can't see her invisible airplane? It's fantasy.
Because he's useless.
I get it, I always got it, I just never agreed and won't. I respect your right to pore over the details, but this one simply doesn't matter.
Listen to this guy meatsplaining the issue.
&gt; OotS Nope, I even had to google it to make sure I hadn't accidentally made a reference.
He wanted to die.
What is it about that word that describes early Jon so well? Was it used in either version of the story?
Underappreciated viewpoint here.
That's fine, so long as Ramsay's head still gets crushed.
If they could know where the knuckler was going to cross the plate, maybe, but there's a reason that fastballs get hit so much, even at 95.
As interim leader of the CPC, she's ineligible to run for the position when the party holds a vote. *That's* why she's softened her stance on medical marijuana; she's not accountable to Harper or the base anymore. I'm still not a fan, but she's harmless now.
Hanson aren't a one hit wonder, dude; Where's The Love and This Time Around got spins for days back when. Also, Mmmbop is twenty years old, so naturally it's got more plays. And yes, I know YouTube hasn't been around that long. Don't fuck with Hanson, that's all I'm saying.
Flair up!
&gt; over 60 Jorah would play it straight, too, like he's flabbergasted that Lyanna sent basically *all* the troops.
I just heard of this crown idea for the first time a minute ago, and your idea makes it way more believable. I can see Rhaegar having that made, (or making it himself, he was a renaissance man after all,) marrying Lyanna and crowning her. How they can establish all that in some expositional dialogue, I look forward to seeing, but I suppose we could be surprised by a Rhaegar spotting in one of Bran's scenes. You know what would be cool? A shot of Bobby B and Rhaegar going at it on the Trident, with Rhaegar issuing taunts over having married Robert's true love. His death would retroactively foreshadow Robb's, just for kicks.
I remember laughing uncontrollably at that panel as a kid. Thanks for the reminder, ol' buddy!
King In The North, but I appreciate where you're coming from. So glad to see that her grief hasn't dulled her tongue.
While I agree with the consensus that it was poorly executed, Dorne is obviously present in the story for some reason, even if that reason is ultimately just to add some muscle to Dany's claim. Hoping they don't show back up again is shortsighted.
Jesus Christ, I never thought of it that way. That scene was the most genuinely horrifying to me.
He needs to be told, though.
Hodor, Benjen and Sandor all got their moments in episodes prior.
No one wants to credit the writers, who have had a small yet important role in the production.
That's why Lyanna Mormont is front and center out of nowhere, I'll bet.
I liked how when he knelt, they formed a triangle with the jug of wine as the point, facing to the right.
Yeah, he told him he bore no ill will, so I don't think he's as emotional about it as you say, though I agree that he feels a bit wounded at losing his chain and being mocked for it, because he sees himself as a true knowledge-seeker. He was totally germane about it though, because he knew it had to be done if Cersei were to rule effectively (through Tommen, but he fits the new plan fine).
I can't believe what a great job they did fitting it in logically, yet surprisingly to me (at least). I figured if that was going to happen, it would be a minor character so we wouldn't have to ponder the moral consequences of the act. That said, turns out that on this occasion FUCK WALDER FREY and pretty much everything branches out from there. Great scene, I was way more excited than I thought I'd be.
"How's that bastard armor treating you?"
The screams stay in though.
Sandor was present when Littlefinger betrayed Ned. He can tell Arya about it when they go North together. She'll take care of it while Sandor and Jon brood at each other over Sansa.
Lesson 3: Shoot a flaming arrow
Yeah, that was slick. Jon and his red women.
Get into it.
Just through his connection with Jon? I don't doubt it, I only wonder if I missed something.
Good point, and both characters had sexual relationships at the forefront of their respective plots in past seasons. Good mix from the writers. You'd think Tyrion could have spent one of his lighter scenes going to a brothel just to talk, but that's a minor quibble.
Joffrey choking in the second episode was a highlight as well.
Yes! I was genuinely confused, then everything was normal again.
His expressions are the best part. Right after Gilly is refused, he went through three or four looks in one take, it was hilarious.
That's why I said he'd go there just to talk, but come to think of it, wasn't that what he was doing when Jorah found him? In any case, his whoring days seem to be behind him.
I'd say Jon's plenty respectable in his own right as a Snow.
Robert was already dead by the S1 finale, so I don't know what this person is trying to imply.
Qyburn never struck me as a liar, especially not in that scenario.
Hardly
What a wonderful world
Oil fans, man.
If he were president, he'd be Martin Van Beauty.
Sure, but if you don't have a plan for subsequent donuts then don't expect a spot on the podium.
Nah, he brings flavour.
I gotchu fam, happy new year.
So, actual thing worth knowing here: if you need to calm down a boner, flexing your quads is a great way to divert blood flow from the nethers. Try not to look like you're taking a shit and you can do this pretty much anywhere, in any position.
I got accustomed to doing this for GTA games and stuck with it for anything that could require the trigger and bumper at the same time.
Quality observation.
I just get someone to pour the defective macaroni into my cupped hands and take it to the river.
What's not been clearly stated is that there's an expectation that the lifter is holding the weight for at least a second or two at the top position. In lockout, you've got the weight pretty well balanced at the top of a stack of bones that goes from your heels through your hips and up to your shoulders, from which the weight is hanging by your arms. In a position that doesn't reach lockout, the shoulders and bar don't sit directly above the hips and feet, respectively, which places extra tension on the lower back as it compensates for this displacement of the load. It may also cause rounding of the shoulders, but not necessarily.
Who cares what the rest of the world (in your opinion) thinks about the label? Where is the shame in identifying with the viewpoint that justice is worth fighting for? Just because there is a vocal minority using the term "SJW" as a pejorative to describe the other vocal minority who take it too far doesn't mean that reasonable people who want to lend their voice to a cause they care about should be preoccupied with labelling themselves in a fashion you approve of.
Radcliffe has had a legit career without a lot of downtime since HP, I doubt he was worried about the magnitude of his work.
Looks like a standoff between unsourced assertions. I'm open to the possibility that I'm wrong. I was just articulating the underlying logic to the comment being argued over. I am not a kinesiologist, just a dude who tries to retain pertinent info. I also wasn't asserting that the position would cause injury, only increase tension (and time spent under it).
I'm really glad that other people hold so strongly to the fourth season's ending. I agree that it's the perfect scene, and it encapsulates the show so well. So well, in fact, that I've never been able to remember why people are so crazy about the actual finale. I look forward to checking out the OP and being reminded, but I'll always live by Nate Sr.'s words: "You can do anything, you lucky bastard, you're alive! What's a little pain compared to that?"
There's another good pair of exchanges: when Robb captured Jaime in the Whispering Wood, Jaime offered him single combat to spare their troops, but Robb turned him down saying something along the lines of "if we do it your way, you'll win." When Jon offered Ramsay the same, Ramsay responded in kind. I don't even know what the point of these callbacks is supposed to be; does it retroactively foreshadow Jaime's heroic turn, showing how he and Jon [aren't so different](http://i.imgur.com/MbZNNI1.jpg)?
Walked right into that one.
It's not that hard to understand. Username relevant?
This is Valve, after all. Glad you got it working.
Those dudes are bros for sure.
Yeah, that's just Sanchez answering questions without encouraging any more. You don't need coke to not want to stand around talking shop with Hazel while the boys are spraying champagne.
Nope, photoshop.
That's Ruth Fisher's beau!
Rob Lowe meets Nathan Fillion.
fuckin wheel snipe celly boys fuck
I was initially inspecting the ties for length, but with each successive one I became more aware of how bad that combo really is. As a rule, white ties are terrible.
Wait a second... has anyone ever seen /r/Showerthoughts and /r/StandupShots in the same room? Oh, I have actually. Still, this post could fit there with some tweaks.
Let me be your last 1%. I like some of the other suggestions too, but this is how you'd describe it to a veterinarian or a priest.
Soreness isn't the primary indicator of progress. If you feel good and your lifts are increasing, keep doing what you're doing. It sounds like you've adapted to a lot of volume, so program your bench days with that in mind to keep it in line with your other lifts.
"Any man who must say "I am the king" is no true king at all."
That's just the Nucks handicap.
_/
Maybe you should.
Reading this was an effective substitute for actually doing the job myself, so thanks for going into detail. I hope no one's seriously giving you a hard time about the arrangement. It doesn't matter one way or another, and it's interesting either way.
His stick caught the ref in the scrum. He's a loose cannon!
Everyone's stoked on that Stajan goal, right? Hathaway on the money with the pass and Matty Franchise with the shortest route from point A to point B, pretty much the pinnacle of all hockey if you ask me.
You can see the harness.
We all know a Glen McPherson, amirite?
Muh dih-yuck.
Probably got a fancy one with a heated fan.
Stone and Parker famously wore dresses to the Oscars while on acid. Safe to assume they meant to stand out.
Thank you for standing up for the language. I'm not being sarcastic, I don't care for the hyperbole either.
&gt;self-respecting Nevermind, I'm out.
Organize your notes, I'm not the one you were arguing with.
It's a safe bet.
Why? Because practice at figuring things out through context is good for you. I'm not 100% certain, of course, but it's pretty likely that someone comparing London, England to other cities will be more intimately familiar with Birmingham, England, than Birmingham, Alabama. Call it a hunch.
I'm just giving you a hard time, I'm all in favour of absolute certainty when it's available. I only spoke up because I thought this was a good example of a discussion being derailed by excessive focus on tangential details.
Or a commoner at Ned's confession. "Saw his fucking head off!"
/u/therager was clear enough near the top of the thread: "perfect" is a term that doesn't apply to subjective analysis. There are numerous ways in which we can praise Wood for her choice of words, and as a rule they will be more descriptive and evocative than "damn, this is perfect." Her statement was inclusive, non-judgmental, empowering, inspiring, decisive. It wasn't perfect. When directing a compliment towards a person, one should consider whether that compliment could also be applied to the weather, a hedge, my Freecell record, the temperature of a cup of tea, etc. The overuse of terms like perfect, amazing, and awesome is lazy writing, and especially in this context deserves to be called out.
Someone else cajoled me into expressing myself, so I might as well pass on my valid critique now, since you asked. Copied from below: /u/therager was clear enough near the top of the thread: "perfect" is a term that doesn't apply to subjective analysis. There are numerous ways in which we can praise Wood for her choice of words, and as a rule they will be more descriptive and evocative than "damn, this is perfect." Her statement was inclusive, non-judgmental, empowering, inspiring, decisive. It wasn't perfect. When directing a compliment towards a person, one should consider whether that compliment could also be applied to the weather, a hedge, my Freecell record, the temperature of a cup of tea, etc. The overuse of terms like perfect, amazing, and awesome is lazy writing, and especially in this context deserves to be called out.
Bang-on
Last time we played the Jets Buff had a partial breakaway kind of similar to this, scared the shit out of me. Top speed, great hands, he didn't score but it was intimidating all the same.
My guess is the difference in heat capacity between water and air.
Downvoted for your gender, I guess some are more equal than others. **/s you idiots**
Yeah, but it's not "I just realized something true while doing something unrelated", it's "this is vaguely funny".
CIS scum
It's funny because we'll make the effort for comparable Russian names like Grigorenko (which I'll admit is more intuitive than Byfuglien, but once the latter is explained I think they're equally pronounceable).
Nah, he's joining the Blue Jackets first.
Let us know when someone shows you their genitals IRL.
Not even close.
I agree that the core concept is the same, but the tone is completely different. Westworld made us reflect on the impulses that lead us into acting without considering the consequences. This comic makes dog suicide hilarious. It would be plagiarism if the dog was run over by the bus. It also wouldn't be funny. The concept is nothing new, I'm pretty sure I remember it showing up in The Far Side years ago. If this comic is plagiarizing anything, it's not Westworld. Intention matters.
The new part is transformative. If the joke was inspired by Ford's monologue, then great, but it wasn't meant to achieve the same reaction. That's why I don't buy the plagiarism accusation.
Art isn't created in a vacuum. I don't care about this as much as you, though.
If it helps at all, I (straight dude) can't enjoy his work anymore. It's disappointing to hear that there hasn't been any real penalty to him, but the discussion at the time of the allegations served as a real eye-opener for me, and I would expect many others.
Ironically, this is a more apt post for that sub than most of what's been coming out of it lately.
No matter the call, we'll always have Johnny absolutely FUCKING both those Sharks.
Thanks! I don't want to say we're intimidated by the Sharks, but you've been tough games every time, so the win feels extra great.
Finally, thank you.
Honestly, you combine every position you can get out of him and it gets hard to justify going under $10mil.
That was when he avenged the Red Wedding!
We need to keep soft goals out so the crowd doesn't waste Elliott.
Nah, fuck em, say what you want.
larrydavid.gif
Amen.
Don't do it!
&gt;because they are failing at life Please, expound on this topic until you're exhausted.
Fight it
It's about the airtime, not the content.
Hi! Thanks for joining the party; we're all kind of scattered for the offseason so you're not going to get a ton of useful content out of this sub until the season starts again in April, but there's lots to learn and no expectation that you'll get it all at once, especially in a country where it's not such a big deal. First, and most important, **be patient.** Games run long, the amount of action is variable, results aren't always visible within a small sample. A lot of the fun of baseball is hanging around while stuff unfolds. Learn these terms, their definitions, where they are found on a scoresheet and how they happen in the game, and you'll be good to go: * hit/walk/strikeout * single/double/triple/home run * run scored/run batted in * top/bottom of inning As others have said, watching baseball is the best way to learn the game (without playing it), and you would be well served by availing yourself of a local baseball association, wherever it may be. You could also try introducing your SO to cricket, which would be dually useful in that it gives you more opportunities to bond over the sport while serving as your bridge to understanding baseball. I don't know how well you know cricket, but I expect learning it is easier than learning baseball from scratch in Australia.
This is the equivalent stage to the primaries, though. That was when Trump benefited most from getting more attention than he was due.
There was a bot recently that was programmed to spew a corrective paragraph every time "would of, could of, should of" showed up, but it got nuked pretty quick when it hit a false positive and people got up in arms about it. "She told me what she could of the Germans' plans before the guards returned", for example. Anyway, it's easier said than done.
Yeah, I agree. I'm not quoting the incident, to be clear. The fact is, it's not as simple to write a bot that understands language as it might seem.
There's a Spotify playlist called White Noise that has lengthy tracks of various coloured noise, I use it to drown out ambient noise when I can't sleep.
Carbon tax strikes again!
She's actually a person.
You only noticed because that was the focus of the video. Canadian girls do this too.
Don't think about it too much.
Why, does the dress cover her brain or something?
But the voice sounded exactly the same! Edit: /s
I upvoted because you're right about why so many of us don't really feel anything for the guy, but in fairness to /u/DoctorMort, they weren't saying drunk driving is at all excusable, only that death isn't the right penalty for it.
Not to refute your actual point, but isn't Friedman the one who tweets CAL instead of CGY? He's not above a good troll, but this is a different case.
CanCon, baybee.
Okay, go for it. The font sucks, explain why it doesn't.
Nah, your explanation is good enough (even though your theme isn't). Thanks!
Yeah, kindly gtfo, we don't need your pity paragraphs and your stupid blessing. Go relive '06.
I believe you're mistaken; *ritardando* is the gradual slowing of tempo, such as is displayed at the end of this song. The conversational cadence of her singing is something else.
Crazy pills, man.
The whole season we've been kind of unpopular, can't say I blame anyone. I'll continue to hate the teams I hate and hate my own team as they earn it.
I'm just referring to the backlash over Tkachuk and the skepticism towards the Wideman effect.
The irony of making fun of people who don't know how to use social media is that this was on twitter *last week* and we're just getting to it now, apparently. Edit: some subs, some mods, man...
[me irl](https://media.giphy.com/media/RSOUOj8H9A3Xq/giphy.gif)
Truly the darkest timeline out here.
Nothing this season will be that bad. Even the Canucks can't hurt us that way.
Little column A, a ton of column B.
He's taken over the whole game.
We have always been at war with Johnny.
We're thrilled with that show of effort at this point.
Very well said.
I think your expectations for this show are skewed.
Imagine a world where people would rather have you summarize this amazing and terrifying tech in one glib sentence instead of actually reading the article... shit.
Fuck yourself
I know it's still early in the season, but...
[Know your history](http://www.theonion.com/article/muscleman-put-in-charge-of-worlds-fifth-largest-ec-877) or be doomed to repeat it.
It was over ...And Justice For All, I believe. Either album makes more sense than Jethro Tull, but it's not like we've forgotten how good Metallica were back then. The Grammys mean nothing, as far as artistic merit is concerned.
The article didn't say Alicia would be playing with them. She's playing with Maren Morris.
Keep going!
Yeah, it's a shame he didn't seem too into it, I thought he was a good fit. That said, I'm hoping for a new LP soon.
I don't, I'm here because /r/CTH *is* funny. Ben Garrison posts are hilarious.
I see what you're saying. I'm not convinced that Hall won't be an impact player on a competitive team, but you make a fair point.
I'm exploiting the free Audible trial to listen to this one, it's really good. Could we break the discussions up at a chapter end rather than just page 200? That would make more sense for everyone, not just my illiterate ass.
Cool, thanks. As for the schedule going forward, I think it would be a good idea to keep a running queue of the top three or so selections made evident in the sticky thread so that we have plenty of time to soak them up (and maybe get some book-lending between stingy members organized, if it helps).
I would assume that the listed titles are removed from voting.
Yeah, something like that. We would still throw up nomination threads at the same intervals as the book discussion threads, with the book being discussed rotating out of the queue to make space for whichever book we select next. We only select one book at a time after this month, but we have three books lined up for discussion at any given time, allowing us some choice in what we each read.
Go away
It feels way better than it looks. I ought to get another one before they disappear.
I think Cersei's rebirth would be better exemplified by the end of her 'long walk' scene, when she re-enters the Red Keep and collapses in the protective embrace of Ser Robert Strong.
We've waited years for Wild Cards, we can wait a few months more.
&gt;more dangerous than the Rebel Dial it back, dude. The Rebel makes it their daily business to legitimize people's xenophobic feelings, which is what leads to mosque shootings and train stabbings. The "dangerous" liberals and progressives in this thread are making impotent wishes for censorship that we all know isn't going to happen (until The Rebel goes all in on direct hate speech, but I don't think they're that dumb). Nobody is obligated to pay Ezra for his trash.
Do you always protest member statements, or only when they're used to serve a minority?
I'd love to be a fly on the wall in the hypothetical room where a team's management decides not to sign Toews because of "optics".
He isn't a pisspiggrandma either
Dude tripped on his way up the stairs and spilled two full Dome foams all over the people right in front of me, it was wonderful.
lol
Upvote just for showing up
&gt;I can totally see the draw of wanting to see this with girls only. And on the other hand, I can't see the appeal of a men-only screening. Honestly, people just want to be upset.
&gt;women's shelters &gt;erectile dysfunction Really not comparable.
I just read an article a few days ago (probably via /r/Android, check the top posts of the week if you're interested) that had a great animated breakdown of how Google and Apple's respective maps have evolved over the years, and it was pretty conclusive that while Apple has improved on their launch product, Google's attention to detail and frequency of updates sets them above. Apple will get you there, but Google will tell you more about the area at a glance.
ALEX: "Unapologegically conservative..." HOSTS: *dumbfounded silence* ALEX: "They misspelled it." HOSTS: *uproarious laughter* *** Not gonna lie, that was some embarrassing self-parody on Mr. Chapo's part. Can't say I'm really feeling this episode, it feels like retreading old ground. Shoutout to Will for showing a smidgen of awareness of that aspect when he cut short their NYT roast on account of having done it enough lately. I'm here for the deep dives and exposure of shitty liberalism, personally. All that said, there have been a good few strong, focused episodes lately, so if they want to kick back on a duck hunt here and there, I'm not really complaining.
Dewthowt
It's either drunk-driving prevention or a spouse-swapping method, depending on which party you're at.
Weak meter, and you didn't even keep the rhyme scheme. Rethink this.
There's only two equinoxes though
&gt;I don't understand ~~why Muslims don't condemn these attacks and attempt to solve the problem of extremism.~~ FTFY
Did you mean to say $900 million? I would posit that breast cancer gets more attention because it affects women at a wider range of ages than prostate cancer, which primarily affects older men. More potential loss, more opportunities for treatment, more funding. Just a guess.
We need to stop bringing this up in episode threads and just make a fucking sticky already for this exact purpose.
I don't think your assumptions are based in logic. There's nothing sexy about breast cancer, and "because they're women" doesn't really hold up in a world where women's access to appropriate health care is often restricted, obfuscated, or outright denied.
I think he would burn your strawman to the ground.
You're painting the entire BLM movement as "violent thugs who start riots" as though that's the beginning, middle and end of it. They are not a unilateral force, they are a collection of individuals who are not all represented by each other.
Thanks for being a good person.
Nothing.
To answer your question: no. Of course not. That said, it's the lib-ribbing that spurred a lot of introspection on my part, leading to greater engagement with leftism in general. I've always felt like my beliefs weren't realistic, or at least weren't well-represented, and consequently most of my adult life saw me drifting towards the center like a frozen astronaut approaching the event horizon. After the election I was listening to a lot of trash like Nerdist and Maron, and I turned to Google for something fresh. I wasn't aiming to get political, but there was a listicle that slipped Chapo in with who knows what else and it sounded kinda neat. I started with We Live In The Zone Now and suddenly felt things again. Now, this frozen astronaut is thawing out on the Red Planet with a bunch of like-minded volcels and I couldn't be happier. I read more, I speak up more, I even lift heavier (results may vary). I guess what I'm saying is that if it weren't for Chapo, I'd still be getting my beliefs validated by the Mahers and Meyers of the world, and that's a depressing thought.
He was known as a prick at every restaurant the Rebels went to before he ever mattered one bit.
One of my friends told the story of Dion refusing to dissect a frog. "I don't wanna touch it, you touch it!"
The trick is not to go in alone all sneaky, but to organize your community and run up on the store in wave after wave until all the candy is in the hands of the people.
Do you not?
On that note, I remember an episode not too long after the election where you put on your serious hat for a second to remind us that life is still worth living, and I was really touched by it.
Then where did "m'amm" come from? What we have here is two idiots of different flavors arguing.
For all the memorable stuff on MMLP, (I love Criminal, even though I should know better), my favorite line (and most-often shoehorned into daily conversations) is "whipped that shit out and ain't no doubt about it / it hit the ground causing earthquakes and power outage"
Can someone change "FAITH. FAMILY. FREEDOM." to "FUCK. FUCK. FUCK."? I would pay 500 Montana Militia Bucks to get that done.
"A very small boy can cast a very large shadow." alternately: "I am the master of whisperers. My role is to be sly, obsequious, and without scruples."
He's been edging too long, we don't know what's about to hit us.
Not until the streak is broken
The way you say this suggests you consider puppies more important than Palestinians.
I can see nuance isn't your thing.
Have, not of
Just read more, it'll happen
wtf is jeet white now?
It's the best day of Felix's life, let him have it
Because you still have to run them
There exist those you describe, but there are also the ones who live long lives paying attention without ever finding the point of "too long". That's the challenge for any activist, teacher, social worker, any position you might put yourself in where you have to fight some metaphorical rushing tide to do any good for the world. I have a vague philosophy around the idea that most if not all work can be divided into two simple categories: do you work for people who can afford what you provide, or for people who need it? I don't necessarily mean simply who signs the cheques or who receives the immediate product of your work, but rather to spur thinking about what the actual concept of work means to a given person, if there are different opportunities to serve someone else's needs, and maybe lead to outcomes such as better understanding of people's motivations or what would constitute a satisfying career for an individual. I absolutely don't mean to imply that someone's moral standing should be lessened by doing work for the pay instead of for the good it does the world. Choosing what we do for a living is a privilege that varies wildly from person to person and place to place, we all know that. I just think this can be a useful framework for thinking about how to distribute our attention and energy to sustainable and rewarding lives, which I think is crucial if we're to ever improve the world the way we dream of. TL;DR: it wouldn't hurt to stop posting occasionally
[Disillusioned words like bullets bark As human gods aim for their mark Make everything from toy guns that spark To flesh-colored Christs that glow in the dark It's easy to see without lookin' too far That not much Is really sacred] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYajHZ4QUVM) Not sure what's up with the link formatting and I'm not sweating it. Nothing is sacred, not even Chapo's right to punch down. They're sharpest when they take on the people in positions of power and influence. Call Boss Ross Douthat as many names as it takes to humiliate him, but there's no need to attack the people who just can't keep up.
It could almost be sort of rad for the hosts to get interviewed, although in general they've had guests with longer resumés on. Still, I'll bet they could each fill an hour on a subject tailored to them.
We bitch about them all the time in /r/hockey, but there was a video the other day that had great footage of the refs mic'ed up that gave a little insight into the type of game management they do. By no means are they perfect, but they were really active in keeping the players honest while still letting them play as they saw fit. It really highlighted the gulf between what we think about them during a game and how much respect they really deserve for the work they do. That said, NBA refs are obvious trash.
They both make some really good points, but I have to give it to Crosby for tying it all together in his final statement. Still, I'd love to hear PK expand on his thoughts in a more focused venue, maybe a TED talk or even a series of podcasts.
Thanks for labeling it for us.
The beginning of the end for one of my favourite bands, but an absolute banger that I still unironically love. As a side note, I never really got 'One Thing' until I stood in a crowd of 20k people (probably more like 13k but w/e) singing it.
Clarkson is a chump anyway.
Coconut milk is the opposite of budget nutrition, though.
Well, look up a recipe for specifics, but stocking your spice shelf is fundamental to good cooking, and doesn't have to be done all at once. I recommend buying refill pouches instead of shakers, along with a set of measuring spoons and bag clips from the dollar store. As far as what spices are best in beans and rice, recipes will vary, but here are some essentials that cover most cooking: * salt * pepper * cumin * paprika * oregano * cayenne * chili powder * cinnamon * curry powder (can be made from other spices, use a recipe, or bought in various flavors and strengths) * nutmeg * crushed red pepper flakes Also useful are soya sauce, brown sugar, and bouillon cubes (bulk is cheaper, but many people prefer the convenience of cubes)
Are you whipping the eggs up and adding them to the broth? I think when most people say "add an egg to ramen" they're saying "drop it in whole for a poached egg with your noodles"
I'm glad they did and I hope what you learned then is serving you in a better life now.
Pro tip: beans in a baked potato is an excellent combo because it covers protein, carbs and fiber without too much fat. It's worth noting that the skin of the potato contains much of its nutrients and fiber. In fact, let me talk for a second about the role of fiber in a healthy diet. When ingested with carbs, (e.g. rice or potatoes), fiber slows down the digestion of said carbs, allowing them to enter your bloodstream as glucose more gradually than if you just ate the carbs on their own. This is the difference between a sugar rush and a good meal that keeps you energized for longer. The short term effect of eating carbs without fiber is an energy spike followed by a crash, and the long term effect is often weight gain. For more on this concept, do some cursory research on the glycemic index, also sometimes known as "fast vs slow carbs". For people eating on a budget it can be easy and tempting to just live off of white rice and call it good, but a little better understanding of how the body converts food to energy can go a long way toward a healthy life. I wish you all that luxury. Please note first that I have no formal training in nutrition, so any questions you have for me would be better directed to Google, where I get most of my dietary advice. That said, I'll be happy to offer any advice I can. [Here's a brief explanation of the glycemic index](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1YDR2S7SPU) to get you started.
Tag yourself: I'm the American flag preventing that fat mustachioed fuck from wielding his rifle
Mike Cammalleri had that fantastic postseason with Montreal after he left Calgary. Watching that dude rack up the one-knee one-timers was a lot of fun.
That's the circejerk
You couldn't climb halfway up the pole, you clod.
Nations rise and fall, but human rights transcend.
Opinions were mixed all year, with the exception of his late streak when he was loved by all.
That's an amazing story that I've never heard. It also brings up memories of Hejduk, who mauled the Flames back then.
Get out
Ron "Hainsey" Hainsey
Too high?
Tolerance has a better face than what you're putting on here. Love thy neighbour can mean ignoring their flaws *without* stooping to this level.
At least don't hate them
That's not The Mountain Between Us, that's [Titanic!](https://imgur.com/2Uk5aoW.jpg) Oh, my mistake, that's [Brokeback Mountain](https://projectedrealities.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/a69319pyp4i.jpg).
Sweet potato fries are all over the place in Canadian chain restaurants, at least in Western Canada.
A few weeks ago some jackass tweeted at Mike that he was carrying El-P, to which El basically responded "uncool, you hurt my feelings" and blocked him, so the dude was apologizing through Mike, "I don't mean the things I say, please take this apology seriously though, El-P is actually so good" It was funny, that's what I'm saying.
lol
Read the replies instead of relying on your cue-ball brain This sub is very impartial Also fuck you, I hope you suffer
"Look out, it's coming right for us!"
Welcome to the realest place on reddit Edit: oh what's up, you like hockey too? Yeah, I checked your profile. Stick around. Edit again: try not to brigade too hard
Are we cool with punching a subreddit in the face?
I got halfway through that article before I realized whose work I was reading, and I got vocally angry at that point.
Holy shit, that got better and better as it went along. Around 7:45 when he directly implicates the media and says "we're coming for YOU first", that's when I started sweating.
This sub isn't just a repository for every article with "Grenfell" in the title. This has nothing to do with the culpability of government in the fire, which has been our angle. This is just a lurid consequence of the tragedy that doesn't deserve any attention.
BAH GAWD
Been saying this for years
Not the best, but really epitomized it in his years. The old tunnel of death.
This needs to be answered.
/u/mma31 don't read this . . . . . . . . . . . . . Jeet, do the theme song
&gt;All the political will in the world cannot conjure up enough spittle to save you once your clothing starts wicking fat into the heat like a candle. To say the least.
Maybe I missed a clue early on, but I figured this dude was just some handpicked constituent who was going to endorse a suit with a name, but when it showed him talking to people and into a mic it hit me like a ton of bricks. Really effective ad, hopefully this guy is the real deal.
I'm still downvoting anything from /r/neolib that hits the front page.
Pontypool?
Spoken like someone who doesn't watch baseball. Ump shows ruin good game flow.
Lotta good points here, some of which I've thought a bit about myself. Nothing anyone says on Chapo or twitter ever comes close to touching me, so it's easy for me to dismiss some of the more questionable humour. That said, it's true that they can be guilty of mocking targets who don't deserve it, and I'd like to see that reined in without sacrificing the flavour they bring to their takedowns, if possible. (I'm just addressing Chapo at this point because I don't keep up with twitter so I don't know who's problematic or why.) Far be it from me to tell you how to organize, but my takeaway from what you've said about your reticence toward DSA is that the problems you identify would be mitigated by greater, more diverse membership. And I don't know what the viable alternative is; I have more faith in DSA's ability to rise above the fringe than any other so-called third party. I don't think the Dems are going to roll over and get primaried by socialist candidates with no national party backing them. All this is from a Canadian perspective, so take it as you will. I'm not one of the educated ones here, just a layman with a keen interest.
&gt; ~~Us~~ We Canadians believe in punctuation. *grinds teeth*
Seriously, this is the attitude I'm talking about. When the umps stay out of the way, you can get a game done in just over three hours. Yeah, that's still too long for a lot of people, and yeah, there are causes other than the umps. What's absolutely true is that when the focus is on the umps, the game is not being played and therefore will take longer. I fucking *wish* I could watch eight hours of baseball a day.
Your mistake is assuming I was waiting for permission.
It's not the hockey gods who hate you guys, it's everyone else.
No
Ten minute trailer, please.
It bugs me to no end how hard the Oilers are leaning into orange as their team colour. The Battle of Alberta used to have some aesthetic appeal, now it just looks like autumn in preschool. To say nothing of the cynical cash-grab that is jersey modifications.
You could make a quick buck doing this with the faces of anyone willing to pay. I would absolutely use that as a fb profile gif. Uhhh, can I PM you my face?
They mentioned Thoros fighting with a flaming sword during Robert's Rebellion, didn't they? Back during the first or maybe second season?
&gt;paid homage More like stole Chapo valor.
It'd be cool if he wrote footnotes after particularly drunk tail-offs
For that price you should get to watch him do it in Imax. Just Matt in bed drinking and rambling, and you alone in a theater watching him.
Thanks
Noblesse obligé
They released the soundtrack two days before the finale aired, and The Tower was my confirmation of R+L. It was unmistakable. The name made it obvious, of course.
I still listen to Winds of Winter when I work out, it's conquering music after all. I also like the end of Let's Play a Game, when Jon draws his sword and drops his belt.
But the galaxy also rotates
You're not wrong, but I was looking for it and I found it.
...and a pony!
Cops aren't class traitors, they're a class unto themselves.
Matty taught you well
...sure, I guess. I try to keep my cop-hating rhetoric a bit more palatable than that, because I don't start conversations about cops with people I'm not trying to convert.
"My campaign team photographs very well together, I'm sure you'll agree."
Funny how the Garfield flair looks like a slice of pizza out of the corner of my eye
Imposing morals, or expressing my opinion? Are these displays immune to criticism? I'm not asking anyone to stop enjoying it, because I get it; catch me commenting all over Thrones-related subs next month. Lately I've been thinking critically about how my own interests intersect with my politics, and one conclusion I've made is that I'm uneasy with the idea of the military advertising itself as awesome and cool, when it is by design, (and with remarkable consistency), violent and horrific. When fighter jets are used in real life, the awestruck people below do not appreciate them nearly as much as we do at football games. There are ways to enjoy awesome and violent entertainment without propping up the military-industrial complex, and I prefer to seek them out when I can. I also believe it's important enough to speak up about, even if I don't expect to convince people. I want to understand how people approach the issue, because what use is a firm belief that I never act on?
Bow
I'm not calling for legislation, I'm offering my feelings in response to other people doing the same.
Avoid vital organs to start
You guys should be in Perfect Strangers 2.0
I get annoyed by it, and then amused by my annoyance every time.
This had me weeping the first couple times I saw it, I have places to be today, thanks but no thanks! It's a great watch though, thanks for sharing.
Thanks for the detailed reply
🚨🛤️🏃‍♂️
&gt;Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot. Actual Groucho
Episode 6 is BvS, episode 25 is Ghostbusters but is premium
It's about time pronunciation-shaming went mainstream
It's really real to see
My experience in cycling is that cars rolling through right turns on red lights are the least aware of me, whether I'm coming from their left or right. Legalizing this practice for motorists would cause far more harm than it prevents.
Quantifiably shinier?
Almost deserves its own post, best one I've seen today.
There are better episodes, but if it's not for you then go on cum town
Individual vs team stats, I know, but this will be measured in Cups or it won't matter. If Edmonton wins before we do, the deal pays off.
Can you describe him to me? My blinds are stapled to the walls.
Like the Penguins didn't also need Fleury and Malkin
Pretty sure Iggy wore 88
"We're being investigated, but we're not under investigation. I never said that."
&gt;69 minutes
Pernell Karl, actually.
My man Brendan playing Guess Who with pundits, he had Bret's features indexed and ready.
Big Willy Baratheon demands fealty
Been bulking all winter, this summer I'm gonna get Stanley Cut
He's surprisingly accurate with a good number of voices.
Never doubt it
Ben Garrison is our current favourite idiot. His cartoons can only be understood if you read the labels.
Is that a Berniebro depicted there? I couldn't find the label.
Well, I'll be.
Automated shitposting, this bot is either getting seized or getting shot.
I just made the mistake of reading through the thread you posted yesterday, and while I generally try not to focus my vitriol on individuals, I feel as though you may not yet be aware of what a fucking insufferable piece of shit you are. It would have been *so easy* to just take the lesson /u/kirbyoto was trying to impart, but you had to turn over every rock you could find looking for any justification for your gross behavior. On that count, I can actually help you: no matter how you act on a daily basis, no one will ever think you're actually decent, so why bother trying?
Pedantry alert: dyed in the wool refers to linen that was dyed before being woven, or in other words, "I was already like this when I got here." It actually means the opposite (more or less) of what you were saying, /u/MUTANTMAN2077
My American mirror image
Accepted
In that case, that's retroactively what I was accepting, you're obviously impenetrable.
Probably Lauren Duca, but I might be wrong Edit: I think I was wrong, Teen Vogue has been represented on Intercepted by Aura Bogado (March 8, "Ready To Lie"). Not sure that Duca has ever shown up there, and frankly I wouldn't expect her to now that I think of it. I could be wrong, but I don't think she specializes in anything that would make for a good Intercepted episode.
Our Scorch, who art in Adirondack Hallowed be thy Flame. Thy work be done when playoffs come In Calgary, as on Earth. Give us this day an empty net, forgive us our penalties, as we also have forgiven the Minnesota Wild. Do not bring us to overtime, but rescue us from referees' bias. Flame-n
