AD Thresh needs to catch on
But Coast didnt even look that good on paper.
O.O
An ass that fat will float
None of the teams this split look like a complete dumpster fire tho
By that logic then /r/WhitePeopleTwitter
Im glad it didnt show their ping.
10/10 disengage.
you know what he ment tho, we all did
I got the Santa Baron if that counts
He had to have like 6 michael Jordans of sex change ops. Cause I seen these pics and thought "whos that milf?"
Im like 4 5 seconds from downvoting.
&gt;I'm legally blind POP HOL IT DOWN!
English Majors
Yes, yes they do.
Didnt make it to Ohio aswell
Pats and Giants
/r/WatchItForThePlot
Holycrap I saw these vids like last year and instantly felt improve ment in my play. U the real MVP
We got CurryShotGG and now we have GuacShotGG
Who dont got no bitches?!
This is why I quit using CV. Shits annoying
Its a fun game but I like Faction vs Faction MMOs. I like the idea of fighting "the other guys"
I swear I played like 6 dawngate games and the next day found out that it was getting shut down same with IC
Snack
my toaster cant run it
I heard Amanda Baynes turns up
but the Vi flair
Mines was 60% last season
50min or more. If a CS record ain't broken then it ain't a Jin Air game
Aye LMAOKAI
I thought this was Cortana /r/windophonematerrace
FIFA is beast even tho im trash
I need context on this.
Yep, rooting for the Cavs now
They just got a gamebreaker on Rekkles
Yea when I first started playing PC game. I tried to map everything to a game pad.
Seriously I've tried that, my hair grows too fast
I have one right now, but Ive given up on wave a long time ago. Im content with girls going "ohhh u got good hair".
I know right makes me mad that I never kept a fro till I was grown.
the amount of work put into this im surprised its not sponsored.
Medium Sean doesnt sell
CLG vs T8 in spring is giving this a run for its money tho
/r/mildlyinfuriating
I think he was flashing from Sona/Kogmaw and Malphite was just there.
Daaaaaaaaaaaaanger zooooooooone
() {} /\
What was wrong with Cait tho?
lmao, thats awesome
Their pretty good. Its just Kevin Smith diehard fans overrate his work online, then people watch em and see that their pretty average.
In mines we got to see Juliet's Boobs and Romeos ass. Fair trade
I like that movie
nice
Its an odd place
Context fuck context Lebron choked ^^^/s
Make it feel like Im the only one trying to win the war.
Well he is 17-18. Maybe time will help will help him mature
Whenever I see somebody on hoth I get freeked out
My Heat freind think wade still has this in him
Yea, I understand what ur on about. But I'll Rock with OKC til the end..... I also own too to Thunder gear to jump ship.
Call a Cavs fan a bandwagoner it triggers them.
A view to kill is a dope movie tho
"Hais not walking thru that door"
To be fair. Doublelift has never had teammates as good as UZI's
Hey Dade much Love from [/r/nba ](http://i.imgur.com/DUVxfvw.png)
Would you rather be overpaid or overrated?
/thread
/r/shittytheydidthemath.....get it
Make it
Lol thats the most Kanye thing ever.
ty, I missed it
Master P played 5 games in the nba
Literary all the music being made in the US. But most of those songs aren't even "bad". 2015 was a good year for music.
Like the clone troopers in the cgi show
at least 21
I knew what is was as soon as I seen grapefruit
I love long ass gifs like this
Me dodging the people I left in 2015
that has to be an old pic
is he really on roids? like is there a source on that.
IN Phreaks moms basement.
Ikr, she hosted the all stars 1v1s in her backyard this year.
le tucan
I shoulda know from the user name.
relevant flair
That is true. But capcom didn't always have training mode in their games until the started putting them primarily on consoles. Riot will eventfully release sandbox mode its just not necessary for competitive play but it would make it better.
But we know riot in in the business of making money a training mode stops people from trying new things and spending money.
yep, that shit is busted
Gem City on yo head
I use to make the belt wrap around my arm.
All my friends that say that are the ones who had the parents my mom didn't like. She say "she could tell they wasn't shit". And my friend that got the most whoppings said he don't plan on making assbeatings as common as they were for him growing up because fuck that shit.
it should say "New York City" tho.
I always wondered why people never say "Im from Manhattan" the same way people say their from brooklyn
I wish I coud grow a beard like that @ 23
THE SPECIAL TACTICS!
You would think the cities would devolop closer the SEA. But was more devoloped with trade with the new world in mind cool.
They did it in that movie Home.
I had no clue about sonic-gate when I became a OKC fan.
Hell Im bronze and I've done it before. Its mostly luck and map awareness.
Dankest duo in Korea?
My dog doesnt like light skin people. We dont understand it but he only growls at my Niece and lil Cousin.
I had a dude tell me he was the alpha on my pick-up basketball team one time. I gave his bitch ass the ball every trip up court. Ive never intentionally lost a game til that day
It was a dick move. But I just ended up a fan of that new team on 2k.
I just use the sources at the bottom of the page.
Ima need my money back then.
I didn't see the movie til after X-mas and I was already spoiled by then. So I wont talk about starwars7 outside of /r/StarWars. Because that movie was awesome.
Because sometimes we get gems like; GOLDV, NA FLASH WOLVES, G4=GOLD 4.
cuz u dum
Support Cass and ADC teemo
My main issue was he was a tall dude, but not a big man. I mean its pick up at a community college so ain't too many people thats taller than me and him(im 6'6' and skinny-ish). He just kept shooting and not making it.
I need to git gud.
TRUE, but its called soccer in the US. same great game but with a different name. No clue why we call our football, football it just is. And if you ever played rugby its kinda the the same but plays are set-up after every time a player goes down.
Anybody wanna try their hand coaching a bronze NA player pm me. I would be nice to have my gameplay judged.
THE QUALITY ON THIS MANNING FACE THO.
The crazy ones what they lack in trust, they make up for in lust.
hall of cost
I just live with the ADs. Ill go get some water while I wait
I had to unsub til I saw the movie
I got spoiled about Hans death well before I saw the movie. I just choose to deny it. Sad times.
DO I need to know any German? And will I have any problems being black in there? Edit: I appreciate all the replies. lookinfg into things now.
66.67 percent of people with the first name Dominique are female. &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
You can become president of the world, Cure cancer and have had sex with every beautiful women in history. But fuck one turtle and you will be known as turtle fucker for the rest of ever.
[Who dont go no bitches?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsPhIqEkCQg)
couldn't he have shot the shot he wanted? Im confused and scared
Wasnt Greece not broke in 2004?
FUCK STATE!
whatever that thing is between his chin and torso
pls Goku cant touch superman in OP-ness
GET THAT HANK HILL BOOTY TF OUTTA HERE
Quick whats the number to hollywood?
But superman flew the wrong way and time traveled. meanwhile Goku dies from heart disease without future trunks.
All these gifs with no sound then OP pulls this shit. Scared the fuck outta me.
I just waiting on the 2016 flairs
I do it 3 times because I have a long haired dog.
My sunroof in my car puts a part in my fro if I sit up in it. So I have the same habbit.
damn son! I went from 90+ to 36 north of Cincinnati Im jelly.
At least is was a good meme.
/r/needsmorejpg
Last time I checked wining is fun.
Might have threw them hands with Rondo
I just rock what ever non-CLG team flair I feel like. And Rip Gravity's sweet logo
Oh man Im getting old
One of my boys got put out the house for getting his dick sucked. It was hard as fuck to have his back with a straight face.
He was his ass was just being thirsty
He probley beat up somebody for crackin on his ears.
Im doing /r/nosex
SoloRenektOnly + Creep Wave Management, gets the karma by itself
Superman moved a planet
I experienced this on my 1st trail account. I had no clue what was happening.
What did it say?
sadly no.
Can I call both of you guys idiots?
ITT: People who take the Colbert Report serious.
Its the pug effect. Something is so ugly it becomes cute.
Im stuck on tiny arms.
I had this same thought. Then she popped up in the 1st ten seconds.
Colombine
SO do more people than the nobles and Crocus live on the Red line? from that picture it looks like people could.
The hardest thing about explaining Esports is the amount of games thats being played. My friends think Esports is all shooting games.
Self-Defense murder, the American way
Underrated gain from all this.
They say every person has a motion that sets off a bowel movment. Chucks just happen to be a golf swing.
https://gfycat.com/NippyKindLangur
Counsole games have more media penetration. People are just more familiar with FPS games. Hell LoL was the 1st non-MMO or Simcity PC game I ever played. I spent a mount playing with a gamepad.
is fuckalll a negative or positive word?
Family Video is still going strong in Ohio.
Im over it. #InTonyWeTrust
That never happend at my school. Ive heard of Coaches at other schools just casting out whole classes, that shit savage AF.
My 1st Church League I got kicked out of because this old dude was getting bitch-ass calls. I messed around and went off on him and the ref who was his pastor.
&gt;Didn't get shot. It was a good day
Hows life on that edge? Also, HAVE YOU NOT SEEN SILVER LININGS PLAYBOOK?
We just saw Anakin having the best and worst days of his life in the prequels.
He dressed like the girl I sat next to in British Lit last semester
You not a fan of my dick print?
Or when you see some carmex and instantly lick your lips
This cooment went from -10 to +141? HOW SWAY?!
No shame in losing to a better team. In the past we would just shit the bed.
Ohio Basketball fan are fickle as hell. So many people tried to stay cavs fans after the decision but relized how bad the team was very fast.
This funny af. its not as bad as some of the bs that came out in the early 00's
I live in Ohio and have my whole life. I seen people flip-flop on the Cavs 1st hand. Downvote wont change this and just because there are a grope that flips doesnt change the fact that there are loyal fans.
S6 we're all rankless soon.
yOU GON GET THE PIPE
I like to mess with my mom by telling her Chicago pizza taste better with gunpowder parmesan. She swings.
Yea at low lvls there are tons of bots
NO but every company is there to make money from a product.
every joke aint savage. if we knew op was fat then it would be savage
That also sounds very british.
That runescape bit in the best comment made me tear up a lil. I had a moment when I was younger where I would never make a black character in a MMO. Because of Runescape
Go beat your dick and cool off dude
You go girl or guy!
Where they get all these candid pics of Carlton?
I would've bought some ignorant shit. Like some Gucci Flip Flops and its 20 degrees outside.
The skechers of Korea lol
???
https://gfycat.com/NippyKindLangur
937 taking a L on this one.
Im more of a fan of the remix.
I bought him when I was like lvl 15 in season 2 and learned and hated him because of all the skill shots. I picked him back up in S3 and it was magic.
Is he the 1st locker room guy in Esports?
catch what?
Its always to sides to Scandinavians on the internet. The really nice ones and the people like you.
fok ya Denmark
I can play while drunk. But Im more toxic at the same time.
And on that day I subbed to Kappa
TriHard Support
We are finally off Chips wild ride
"Bitches be like" was one of the first BPT memes. So im not surprised that most of out memes are reaction pics
WTF, Im just saying if 2 dollars could win me 1.5 billion dollars why not buy a ticket
But it is real compitition. I just wish people would stop trying to make esports= real sports. Yea I takes alot to play LoL and CSGO at a high lvl. But it takes a lot more to play basketball at the same lvl.
The thing that makes in less of a sport to me is the physical aspect of it. You misposition in Hockey you get your block knocked. In LoL you die but you'll be back up in a few seconds. In both sports and Esports mistakes as = as costly. Its just me dying in a game doesn't literally hurt as much as getting smacking by a linebacker.
Still aint seen it
I told her snapchat me that pussy
Charity had the weekend off.
Insane girls are passionate, what they lack in trust they make for it in lust.
I love the vines that have come from it tho.
100% pick ban in my games
Nobody wants to see balls fam
Peole like Gross Gore and Piglet show so much emotion for the game. You cant help but to respect the passion.
Yep, I have no clue how to play vs her.
yep, fucking brad
Madden used to do this thing where your players would be in random positions on the field. starting WR and Safety DE at Tight End. Players dropping open passes. The BS would never end.
the holy water got me weak.
Marching during the day, 6-0'ing Leffen by night.
Don't act like VH1 aint some bullshit.
Just watch any of the black reality shows. They give you an idea of how black people 'act' to the mainstream media.
How with no cornrows on the court?
And stay doing some dumb shit "for the snap"
How much for the Bakuman's?
They lost to Lep.
Need some~~ fire~~ salt to melt your icy Heart?
Mines http://www.shamchat.com/76b04a68/
Im just want a team to watch. I know very little about the sport and want to learn by watching one team. I just thought it would be a fun post.
The Dayton Dutch Lions and Columbus Crew. the Lions are T4 in the US. And the crew are in the MLS.
Damn son.. ..had to
I'm 24
Where does the Buff go? Does it turn into a survival game with non stop baron minions killing on sight?
"get clapped son"
It sounds like to got this theory after watching 3 episodes of Dragonball
She Gotta be into the shit be ready to have her civil rights violated if I'm going to use a comdom
It's like they picking names like StarCraft pros.
I noticed this with kennen and vayne
They were gonna melt anyways
That's the one where Jessie dies right.
Nice
Not gonna lie I would throw shade on all of /r/bpt for the right amount. Then write a tell all book about my time at foxnews to gain trust back.
Woah, ur serious?
Never herd of it but I can sense the coonery from your comment.
Fuck it, why fix it.
Aye
Play morg last pick. She works well with a lot of comps.
Isnt he just the CGO
Most supports shot call. Especially the good ones.
It was up for best pic at the globes. My mistake.
Jensen broke Xmithie's ankles all game.
Jensen was Chris Paul and CLG was Delly
But if mobile gaming dropped 97% the video game industry would be mostly fine
These are all very good movies.
Who is the best ADC in the world? I still haven't gotten an answer to this.
On January 24th
I had the same flair.
Don't waste your time this dude is a known troll
Ray
I wooshed but I did tell you what my thoughts
It was a good game too.
I lived in Ohio. He was fucking up every team in the state. It was unreal.
See: the 60s
inb4 reddit blocked in germany
Im fully aware of how 38 died. I used to read a low of gaming news.
Russia does have rocky relations with with a lot of Europe over the Crimea thing. But Im a US citizen and I'm sure a Russian citizen would be annoyed by some of the comments here too.
I'm in class so can't. I was hoping to see Tl;dr
Because he a bitch?
You moved on fast
That straw poll from the other day did say there were more EU players than NA players on this sub.
If you ur smiting this it's too late.
It was on the front page for a long time. I saw it when I was in class at about 1230 est
Magic Johnson
Funniest thing to come from twitterfingers in a while. No matter what happens, Amber Rose ain't go no manners for no slut.
You'd be surprised . Everything past the Mississippi isn't densely populated.
Like a15% difference.
The new admiral vs anybody
It's some where in that ballpark
And ur the reddit house fly.
Amber Rose somehow won the internet.
For a different thing
[removed] what were the replies?
We only know his side of the story.
Every post that hits /all turns into a shit show. Especially post making fun of white people.
Which is your favorite 1or 2
If I was choosing my President on the ability to survive a "die hard" situation then O'mally would be my number one pick.
not off that table
We didn't start the Clone wars
Forreal if you drive hard to the rim you'll find success in rec ball. Ain't nobody trying to get dunked on.
Yea but EVERYBODY hated the 2011 heat.
They have these in my neighborhood. Around the end of the month people get tons of jaywalking tickets and curfew tickets it's bullshit.
You say duck taxes until there are no streetlights.
Your dad is Kanye?
I consider is all to be one world. hence World of Warcraft lore.
Yea, but I have no shame in calling foul on hacks.
I expect very little. For a meme sub people tend to be tightly wound around here.
W E W L A D E W L A D
1st team with a perma bench cam. Will be my new team for life.
It's 2016. Let people live their lives. If they wanna die from heart disease let em.
Fucking mass effect 3
yo!
This is what you do during Clipper games? Being down youtube dicks.
my bad I was being dumb.
Yes that's true. Why do we still have this shit.
Social media has its perks.
I think it was a bunch of body hole jokes
Quality shit there.
During international tourneys I must use twich.
Idk , it's been funny seeing this in all the regions. I think ap mids being weaker this season has taken a toll.
War, war never changes
Calm your tits quick shot.
Blacktino checking in. Edit: I don't relate to and of the replies.
He a fucking national treasure!
But me and the other 20 Black people love it there.
The purge is so dull to me. I get why people like it if I fall asleep everytime.
I did mean one.
That Kirby line was🔥tho
Not if yall look homeless tho
Ah I see. Welp
You not on /r/news, big fella
You always neck MGLLN
All you hear from the locker room is : "BBQ chicken alert"
Why he dressed like Guillermo.
I forgot all about that
PBS is slept on. So much quality.
More than 1 hip-hop station🔥. The 3 months I had my mom's car was heaven.
ESPN doesn't have the clutch gene.
They have the oddest guest and I love it. They also get some ridiculous story's out of people.
Drake to perform at the NA finals
Maybe not a drink from Bill Cosby.
I'm still sad sassy Scooby didn't catch.
I had a chick stick Gee hands in my from then shoot me this look. Don't finger peoples heads if your want to keep your rings. Edit: I was half sleep and salty
I got cussed out for asking "Do you know how much NBC cost?"
That's what i tried to say.
Google Michael Jordan jeans.
What is this reference? I know it's soccer related.
Pls he's on the Barbie vs 01 shaq. I here BBQ kangaroo is alight.
This is gold
A gay dude took his bitch.
Because why not. Plus it's a pretty funny post.
Don't matter how hard you work. Sometimes you never get what you deserve only what your negotiate.
ONE piece looks more childish and 4kids helped push that. Meanwhile Naruto and DBZ. Aired largely unedited for the most part.
I was big into MMOs when I was a youngin.
Fuck gangs
Photo shop yelling Spongebob with a Cavs hat on.
This post game thread dead..wtf where the memes at?
Yep any taller than 6'3" and life goes hard mode. Like why f2f are there no 38 length jeans in AE?
Shitting in your own toilet op.
Part of the reason. I love Ohio gottdamn Halle Berry
*according to Jalen Rose
Nah bro Google some of the shit Tyson used to wear.
#clapbackseason
I didn't say they were cheep just cheaper than most bags
Try being in the military.
Thank God for saint and Bo3
If you broke down most post play you'll find hella travels.
Maple Jordan
Can his ass fix my busted ac
Angry Birds is funny.
I see it, but is a reach.
&gt;and the second result is some league of legends player named ryu lmao -_-
Wtf is that flair
She pooped it out right?
"The things she does is......just the season on the chicken." We know she black.
They look nice to wear out to a fair or to the mall.
The rookie my player shoes.
More than many people(myself included) assumed they would.
Do you rock Curry 2s lows as well
Seeing that pic without the Curry lows is weird now.
On snapchat
I need done memes
Why you salty?
Considering 100 people might be shot this summer in the US that a significant number.
That's still a L tho.
I didn't say a good medal
Basically central and eastern European
"Raw sex feel great" That exactly why I use condoms. That shit feel too darn good to make a habit. Edit:Lol darn
Why are they called drop bears.
So a majority of straight white dudes are voting trump?
But did trump Dab on Ellen?
I live gummi bears.
Take a look, it's in a book
Not in bird culture
Most lil guys do
The Orlando shooter is like the 1st time I heard the shooter get bashed. Dude taking Ls on Earth and in Hell
It's a poll
Good thing. A sexy young black man is gonna always win vs a a old white guy with women voters
No I didn't.
It got me back into reading. Up until i saw Gatsby (2013). I didn't read any books. But me and my sis used to bicker all the time about the movie so we read the book.
Good shit bro.
Blue card salute
His first two were so dumb tho.
I have for one summer. But I was in the boondocks.
It felt over at two fouls on Curry.
This comment made my life alert go off.
He still a bitch tho.
I mean the way some warrior flair have acted this season I'm not surprised.
1 bad apple spoils the bunch.
Even his hair is floppy
That emoji clown fiesta. Made the DJ trapped in the closet situation legendary.
Ironic that a Barnes elbow fucked the whole series for GS.
Warning: All slugs avoid this comment.
Wtf, the Donald is leaking.
Try growing up with 3 sisters. Same shit all thruout school.
Kevin Duraaaannnt.... Not really tho.
I don't trust anybody that use that font
I was yelling "BBQ CHICKEN ALERT" then the air ball.
I might have ran to Cleveland.
That was my core job at Wal-Mart. I was the only one that could understand the Africa and Mid-Eastern people. Having african/Muslim uncles paid off.
Square up. That song is gold.
That's the only episode I've seen.
White Sox
I'm not mad, just fuck the cubs
What if he left with his piece?
You trying to get deported?
What channel can I watch on?
You're city's roads must get the duck in the winter
What is this the 30s?
Are you Me? Except I send my snaps from where ever.
Dray got him self suspended.
You trying to catch these hands?
If I fuck her right she might get me a iPhone.
But I need that on Broadway
I lost mine to the movie "yes man".
I mean he got away with murder vs OKC. Dray knew he was on thin ice. He let Lebron play him.
I just want to forget the snap music and big ass clothes.
Whats an opinion to a downvote?
Hamilton is the shit
Nah, i just need a new phone.
CLG is CLG. As long as hotshot has twitter fingers ill be a fan.
Who tries a charge at the end of the half?
Where ya bitch ass at?
I get my food from a place with duck tape on the seats.
The same with sassy Scooby
Chip shots?
3 stacks and Laurn hill are back!!!!
Maurry would make a killing on fishman island
I mean I'm black and aphro is black. So that def help me become a CLG fan.
He still rocking the rugby kit?
Why not tho? Its not *that* badof a crime.
I wouldnt have said a thing myself. Unless i was getting paid to talk about it.
This nigga get a flair and I got a corny ass fb cat. Fml
Ever got cussed out over asking : "do you know how much NBC cost"
He also played his ass off in game 7
Its part of the reason I not letting my lil brothers play football. I live in ohio football dads are crazy here.
On top of that some of the foreigner ive meet that love soccer are athletic beast and can hold their own play basketball, tennis and other sports. Some of my soccer playing school freinds not so much. Its like they're cut from a differnt cloth. I know alot of kids that just suck at everything but soccer.
I feel like if I have to go online to learn a single player game it ain't worth the time.
Its a Block!!!!!
WHAT ARE THOIIISE
People acting suprised when they found out a popular thing is also enjoyed by minorities. Yea we love anime.
The henny shits for me.
That boat had no rhythm on it.
Still fucking crazy.
My freinds dad found out that me and my boys had gfs and were fucking he bought us a big ass love don't cost a thing box of rubbers.
1, 2 step yo bitch ass out this sub.
Bitch don't play like that.
From shaq? That a 50% shot.
No BBQ sauce?
Curved
Nice of him to risk getting zika for a silver medal.
DLo would be MVP. Every year.
The Olympics need to start lije tanow
Im still subbed to this channel.
Ive gotten used to the safty of the threads
At least pickup game lvl
Bome structure of a runescape character.
That's you?
That emoji clown fiesta made up for most of the fuckery.
I dont think anybody saw smallball taking over as fast as it did.
Walmart for me.
I don't give my social media to nobody I work with. Come to work hungover once now everybody tuned into my snap.
And snapchat the real me is always on snap. The me that wants shit outta life it's everywhere else.
But if I don't share this ima go to hell!!!1!
This shit is legendary.
I bet you smell like a episode of Spongebob.
What happened?
Its out?
This wht i never watch my crushes Snaps.
NBC, CBS, ABC, USA, TNT and Fox most nights....
Say what you want but I think Desiigner. Might be not shit.
Wine is wine and fine is fine.
I was new to snap at the time and didnt know half them mf knew my name let alnoe my Snapchat
Put that shit on repeat and got to the gym. You might die in there.
My sister would kill for that.
God I love the off season
Lol u wld wyd?
Did the forest burn down?
Let's not get too crazy here.
That was pure comedy. But /r/NBA was looking for a reason to hate the warriors. Their fans were unbearable most of the year.
Don't mean a thing without the ring
Small if true.
It worked too.
Kerry Washington and Kerri Hillson
Gotta have duck tap in the seat.
So South Africa?
It aint mine
He was 4 so that might have been his train is thought.
