&gt; It's worse because you regen a little bit of your missing mana throughout the entire 5 seconds with Mana Font, whereas with Meditation you've already regened 5 seconds worth of mana (based on your base MP5) before gaining that burst of 1.5% missing mana. This doesn't make sense. I can present an alternate way of looking at it. Say you have 0 mana at t=0s. At t=0s, you get a burst of 1.5% missing mana. Then for the next 5 seconds, you regenerate mana normally. Viewed this way, the burst regen is actually more efficient than the chalice style, because you get 5 seconds worth of regen immediately, and before the amount regenerated is lessened by your natural regen. So is the burst regen better or worse than the trickle regen? It depends on the timing of the ticks and when you expend your mana. Let's say you have a pool of 500 mana and somehow your full combo costs 300 mana. Every 5 seconds, meditation ticks. If you cast your combo right after a tick, then you get your scenario and burst regen is worse than trickle regen. If you cast your combo right before a tick, then you get my scenario and burst regen is better than trickle regen. In practice, you wouldn't actually time your spells based on a fairly opaque mastery like this (you could, and you'd get slightly better mana efficiency, but it's probably better just to optimize your spell timing for actually important stuff like hitting the opponent or farming). So you're going to get the good case and the bad case roughly 50% of the time each. Therefore there is no expected difference in efficiency between the meditation style of regen and the chalice style. (I think meditation should still be changed to use the chalice style however, just because it's simpler). tl;dr: you're wrong. about half the time, the opposite scenario occurs which makes up for what you described. the actual result is that there is no difference in efficiency.
I'm confused. What kind of memory did you reawaken?
Is there something wrong with eating old cheese that's been left out? How old are we talking? I do the same thing except I also eat the dried part.
&gt; Meditation (MED) doesn't calculate its first tick until t1. If it calculated at t0, then Meditation would technically have a 5 second lead on Mana Font, which could only be equalized if Mana Font regenerated mana for 5 more seconds after the final calculated interval. Here's the part I disagree with. How can you say it doesn't calculate its first tick until t1? Let's use an extreme example. You're playing Lux with a mana pool of 100. A single E uses up your entire mana pool. You spend some arbitrary amount of time shopping in base and walking back to lane. During this entire time, your mana regeneration is effectively 0 because your mana is full. At some point, you will cast your first spell. At that point your mana will become 0 and we can begin tracking mana regeneration (time of first spell is t0). Now, you said that the first tick of MED only occurs after 5 ticks of MF. This is not always true. If your first spell was cast at 1:59, then you will get your MED tick along with the next MF tick. In this scenario, MED effectively calculates its first tick at t0, which as you state means it beats MF.
\&gt; investing in apple/microsoft/google instead of just stealing their ideas and making that company yourself
Wait really? Source?
I only down voted because of your stupid "inb4 I get downvoted haha I don't care". That's not relevant to the discussion and makes your comment low quality.
&gt; no reason not to click beginner It's pretty easy to win even if you click expert. After a few games smurf detection kicks in and games actually get interesting. I don't think people like stomping pointless games that much or else they'd just play intro bots.
oom, don't fight, my bad, timer for drag, timer for baron
Ah, I also ban Brand and Mordekaiser every game.
Vi is still banned or picked a good percentage of the time.
What are you saying?
That's the only way disaster relief funding works.
Sure. But it has as much counterplay as Annie W and R, which are "skillshots".
LOL if you max Q then you aren't farming with W either.
You can build qss anyway. You don't have to finish mercurial scimitar. Qss didn't even build into anything at all before season 3.
Slot efficiency isn't that important until 6 items anyway. QSS is still a powerful item even if it's cheap. Like I said, it used to not even build into anything at all and it was still good. What's wrong with the stat efficiency? Do you not like having MR vs Malzahar?
That's just greedy if you expect a defensive item to not put you behind on damage. It also delays ADC damage in the same way.
Zyra's decent, just niche. I honestly don't want to see her at 20% pick rate because that just leads to more nerfs.
MODS COME BACK
You can fit another QEQ after the ult.
6 Sightstone Kog incoming
5.10 buffed him, and people discovered a new way of playing him (max W).
Use sharex. Probably the best screenshot software and it lets you automatically upload to imgur or any other site. Gyazo really does suck ass.
Try sharex. Like gyazo, but it uploads to imgur.
You found the meme!
Ryze was reworked too. I don't recall them disabling other champions after their reworks. I think Lucian was just too obviously broken to handle.
Why not? That's like saying it doesn't make sense that Zed doesn't use mana or that Miss Fortune can't stun people. Champions don't all have to be the same.
Like Xerath Ult but global and can be cast 26 times
Valve monetization leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth. I hate the crate/case/chest system they have in all their games. It feels like they're throwing combination flyer/lottery tickets at you and pretending it's some kind of reward. The whole system is set up to prey on as many mental vulnerabilities as possible.
Valve only sells cosmetics, while Riot also sells gameplay content. But Valve markets far more aggressively than Riot (maybe because they only make money from cosmetics?). The aggressive marketing is what turns me off, while I don't really mind having a small champion pool. You have your opinion, and I have mine. It just depends on whether you prefer a paywall or very aggressive marketing.
Formula is 5+depth/3.
Anti-entropy is pretty good! You just need a scroll holder.
Need to see the grin to confirm
A true ninja
I'll counterstack 'em on Garen. If I burn, so do you.
You mean, it would make them much less effective. Poke mages don't win by going all in on full health opponents. If you buy an early revolver against Ziggs, he'd lose all his kill potential. Basically the lane would be shitty and boring for everyone involved.
Then Jayce and Pantheon can build it.
Broken on Ryze. You could just stack AP and vamp and 1v5.
If Rammus were released tomorrow, then maybe he wouldn't be so braindead easy to play.
200 global IP for tower kill
It's relative to your elo, so if your rank 5 players are garbage that speaks to the elo.
Is this even a bug? It's been that way for as long as I can remember and I always played Jayce just thinking that this was the expected behaviour (kinda like how karma Q only explodes if you hit it or you used R)
Use sharex, same thing but uploads to imgur
I'm 50/50 about Morello or Athene's normally, but if the enemy team has Aatrox, I guarantee you I'll be picking up Morello.
You can also do that now, and besides I'm not even sure that would work
I've never had the luxury of deciding where I want to be when the Fiora Ult ends. That thing one shots me every time.
The threshold to trigger the audit is a lot weaker.
Someone learned a bad word at school but is too scared to actually say it.
Yeah I played a game where we had a nami go 0/15 versus a botlane poppy. Everyone knew she was feeding like crazy and you could tell our jungler wanted to say something, but all he said the whole game was "support stop standing next to the wall". Pleasantly surprised no one said anything else.
The latter
Sure. Even Lyte acknowledged that showing only the threshold game's log was not a great solution.
It's all based on context and who you say it to. You can say "fuck their nidalee, that shit is fucking bullshit" in team chat but you can't say "dumbass" or "you're shit" to a team mate.
This is because the stats only show 125+ players who haven't truly mastered the champion. They play him a lot but haven't really mastered time travel. The real Zilean experts who have almost 90% winrate have already gone back in time to when they've only played 1-5 games, and are bringing that statistic up.
There are other ways to solve that, like butcher.
T
And Lucian can just cleanse it in 1 second. Dashgod Lucian's dash was up every other second.
s/everyone/a lot of smart people/
People in low elo thinking they know how to play better than other people in low elo, so they post their impotent rage on Reddit, thinly disguised as advice
Of course, there's a reason Riot entrusted this emote to Rank 5 masters only.
Shh, don't let the plebs know. This info is Rank 5-classified.
Apparently now there's a bug where she becomes visible permanently.
Nope, visage doesn't affect allied healing, only regeneration and self-help.
You're confusing millionaires with billionaires. Millionaires are regular people with good jobs and sound investments who have worked all their lives. If you own a decent house in a city, you're a millionaire. Nothing illuminati about that. Don't lump billionaires in with millionaires. Billionaires have a thousand times as much money -- they're the ones pulling strings in the back and crashing markets for profit.
Unless Riot open sources everything, they're not going to be able to recreate LoL. No matter how good of a job they do wil porting champion, minions will aggro differently and waves will push differently. This affects the entire dynamic of the game.
There's already the PBE for that.
100K points with your favourite champion and you still don't have all the skins? What kind of casual are you?
These bugs are caused precisely because it is riot's most popular server.
Still a better scheme that Valve's chest crap.
What? No. The big 3 of burst APs got nerfed (Luden, Zhonya, Dcap). If you're suggesting that burst mages will build archangel or roa instead that delays their mid game damage too much.
This is insane. Liandry's buff (30 AP for 100 gold), Rylai's change that lets plants apply a 40% slow semi-permanently, Void Staff is more slot efficient, and NLR is easier to build as a support. I'm gonna enjoy the freelo while it lasts, but I'm worried about nerfs.
Right, so in this case you are the banner carrier and you inspired courage and resilience in that cannon minion who is now going ham in a side lane. It doesn't make sense for the cannon minion to be the banner carrier, because it's not buffing anything. It's the one who was buffed.
You mean right now? Released champions are 7800.
If there's any grass in the room you can kill the wraith easily. Just leave a 1x1 tile of grass and let the wraith chase you around that tile. If he follows you for 2 turns consecutively, you can surprise attack him.
It could be something like how Rengar's top laning requires him to abuse the bushes heavily. This might be the opposite, where he needs to go visit the river every so often to get more mana or health.
Cons: enemy no longer has to decide between focusing Zyra and focusing ADC.
New liandry's will be strong but still situational (please don't rush it on katarina). The best parts of the item are also unique. These two factors mean that we won't see league of liandry's like the league of cleavers where everyone stacked at least 2 cleavers. What will actually happen is that liandry's champions will be stronger, but champions that didn't build liandry's before still won't build liandry's.
If you want to build differently, then play Corki or Kalista or Kog'Maw or whatever. The build for traditional ADCs is very "constant", but that's like saying the build for LeBlanc is very "constant". Even after the AP item changes you won't ever see LeBlanc building Liandry's, Nashor's, or Rod of Ages (sorry Siv HD). The reason AP seems more diverse is because there are more types of AP champions (some burst, some kite, some autoattack, some have utility).
It's possible that OP noticed less movespeed as a result of the recent utility changes.
No it's easy to tell when the stacks are going to drop off, because the timer is the same as for his passive. Basically if you have attack speed from your passive, then your ult stacks haven't expired yet.
What will that accomplish? EUNE was supposed to be that split you described. If you mean split the server but still play together, that wouldn't have prevented the gameid overflow spectator bug.
You can flash during the windup of Lux ult, or Ahri's charm. So why not Ashe ult? Whether or not that will give you the desired effect is another matter.
stop front page from filling up with gfys
Nope, all the rewards other than the teamup IP are released at the end.
He probably meant leagueoflegends.wikia.com
The bad amulets are only generated cursed 90% of the time.
Lol I remember once I set the scroll on fire with my blazing weapon.
If you prematurely cast it during the delay, it locks in the cast and as soon as it's actually ready, it automatically fires in the direction that you picked, which is probably wrong at that point.
Liquid is in direct competition with TSM. If they think this move will improve TSM, it would be in their interests to deny the move, kind of similar to how SKT is holding onto the 2 great mid laners and junglers partially to keep them from joining other teams.
Kalista was the League implementation of that already.
Building MR hurts mages more than building armor hurts ADCs. Mages need to burst and have less sustained dps. They also incorporate a lot more flat penetration into their builds, which is very weak against resistance stacking. That's pretty much the reason Riot doesn't want to buff MR itemization for tanks.
I think it would be cool if you could see into the chests by standing next to them with mind vision or item detection (from the well or the artifact).
No, it was super snowbally and boring to boot. If you got BT first you were guaranteed to win lane. Lifesteal and extra AD meant that the enemies could neither all in nor whittle you down.
The RNG nature is a wrinkle, I'll admit. But I firmly believe early lifesteal is terrible for bot lane. With lifesteal: If you are stronger, you are guaranteed to win lane (because you can trade and heal, while they get zoned). You can afford to make mistakes because you can heal back up quickly. Without lifesteal: you are stronger, but your victory isn't assured. You can still get poked out of lane, or at least to the point where the enemy can fight you. If you pick a fight, you'll be able to win, but if you play carelessly (getting hit by random Caitlyn Qs or support poke), you don't have a crutch to fall back on. I think the second scenario is more fair meta. Being ahead still means you have a lead, but it doesn't become suffocating. I'll take the downside of RNGesus rather than the fundamentally suffocating lifesteal meta.
Udyr would only have 3 passives instead of 5, according to Reddit logic.
Because this isn't Dota where everyone goes by their title.
&gt; if an ally is determined to ruin your game, they can already do so. That's not the point. I don't care about how an ability can be used to intentionally troll. I'm worried about well-meaning players (i.e. 95% of players) messing up the ability and hurting teammates. Bard messing up his ult can create a lot more frustration for his team than Annie missing her ult, and this frustration can lead to toxicity. It's like how J4 can "help" his team, and that usually isn't done on purpose.
This honestly sounds like the worst of both worlds
Wait are you saying that cancelling an aa still deals the damage? That seems like a much bigger bug.
Check if you can do crazy dps by spamming right click and s.
Eventually, the sands claim us all.
Where does that article say that your basic attacks deal more damage?
Yeah, the ability really needs some QoL changes. There needs to be a better indicator of when the delay is over and the shot command should not be able to be input during the delay.
Win rate + pick rate combined will give you a better idea. If both are high, the champion is straight up OP. If win rate is high but pick rate is low, then the champion has potential but isn't OP. If the pick rate is high but win rate is low, then the champion is probably some high skill floor champion that was picked in LCS/LCK and everyone is trying and failing to make plays. These champions might still be OP despite a sub 50 winrate. If the win rate and pick rate are both low, then the champion is just garbage.
Do some research please. A Rioter just confirmed that they were going to bring back lore in a month or two.
What does that even mean?
I could only understand the second half of what you posted. What was the first half supposed to mean?
Twisted Treeline as in the map where Maokai was created is gone. But Twisted Treeline still exists as some place in the Shadow Isles, same as how the Howling Abyss is in Freljord.
literally
Obviously Nick wasn't involved because otherwise he wouldn't be trying to solve the treasure hunt to unravel what's going on, but I wasn't expecting the entire diary to be fabricated, and all the abuse to be fake.
Should've been 5th anniversary for maximum effect.
Why is this relevant? That's still 4300 games analyzed.
Maybe it's not broken on Eve, but you should try it with Shyvana or Yi because they both have built in onhits and double hits.
Wit's end is probably better than Shiv. The homeguard bug is probably temporary. There's a known "feature" that if you have the homeguard buff, it will continue to refresh as long as you're in the fountain even if you sold the boots.
He would have done a lot better if he just didn't Q at all. Every time he Q'd he got essentially stunned and lost 4 autos, while baron has no target and starts resetting. But the video isn't meant to show Yi soloing baron. It's meant to show the reseting Q.
This is weird enough that I'm interested. Send me a link!
The Liandries burn applies a slow?
They don't really need more aoe cc, and Azir can deal lots of AoE damage too.
Yup, and your team with 2 imports is 10/0 over the rest of the league. Maybe it's time for EU to start importing some competition?
No, that shows your logic is full of shit.
It's unfortunate that Ongamers (and Travis) is banned from this sub, because the rest of the journalists are pretty big tools.
The whole team, really. Can't forget about lustboy flash engage, knocking them up right as the equalizer landed. Dyrus was really fast with putting down the equalizer too.
You know what confuses me? Why do people expect or want to own every champion? You've played 2000 games and have 113 champions. On average, you've played every champion you've bought for less than 20 games. Did you grow tired of a champion after only 20 games with them? People don't expect to learn every single language, nor own every type of pet, nor visit every country. So why do they want to own every champion? Even the most diverse generalists will only really play ~40 champions. If you just want to mess around with random champions and not "seriously" play them, you can try them on free week.
&gt; increasing you and your ally's Ability Power by 20% and Critical Strike Chance by 50% There's no doubt that AP is being increased multiplicatively. I think it's not out of the question that the Crit is also simply 1.5x whatever crit you had before the multiplier.
&gt; You're safer going with supports who have a combination of the 3: damage, sustain and mobility. Because Zyra only has 1 of those. Does that make Nidalee the best support in the game then, because she has all 3? It's silly to have a "tick the boxes" approach to evaluating supports. Zyra is powerful in solo queue because she can singlehandedly zone out the enemy bot lane without requiring your ADC to be on the same page as you or even competent. You know how people complain that when they play Janna and their ADC sucks they can't do anything? As Zyra you can singlehandedly zone the enemies and make room for your ADC to farm. Even the worst ADC knows how to free farm and can be relevant later. When I lose lane as Zyra (not often), it's almost always my fault, or at least something I could have prevented. Knowing that you lost lane because you need to work on dodging hooks/binds is less frustrating than losing because your adc doesn't know what they're doing. And no other support can solo squishies late game (other than Annie, Vel'Koz, Brand, but they don't have sustain or mobility either). If you have any interest at all in giving Zyra another chance, I recommend you build and play more aggressively. I feel like you're playing her as a utility support. If you do that, you really are better off just picking Thresh or Nautilus.
Oh god that was such a disaster.
Why are you talking shit about Heimer? Have you ever even played against a Heimerdinger? He actually is ridiculously strong, and if you play versus a Heimer main you're in for a bad time.
Congrats, you're born on the same day as Hitler.
Blitzcrank is the hardest counter. Leona is not too hard to beat, although probably not by free week Zyras.
My KDA has gone down every season I've played ranked, and it wasn't high to begin with. Yet my win rate has gone up each season and I've gone from silver to plat. I attribute this to playing more aggressively and dying more, but having more impact on teamfights. Maybe this doesn't apply to ADC but for Annie and Ahri it's better to flash in and one shot their backline (thus sacrificing your life) than to land a subpar combo onto the frontline or spend the entire teamfight zoned because you don't want to die. It's better to die and let your team easily clean up than to be the last one alive on your team because you played the teamfight too safe.
The trick with Leona is to ensure she doesn't initiate onto you in lane (so position slightly behind your ADC). If she initiates onto your ADC, you can win the all-in pretty easily. As soon as Leona goes in on your ADC, the enemy ADC will usually panic and try to run up to follow up. Chances are he won't be paying attention to you. It's extremely easy at this point to catch the ADC in a full combo, which deals enough damage that the enemy ADC has to back up or risk being killed by you. Your ADC should be fine even without you directly helping because Leona can't solo an ADC, so it's more important that you make sure their ADC doesn't follow up. Once the enemy ADC backs off you can 2v1 Leona and kill her. tl;dr Leona can't solo an ADC but Zyra can. As long as she doesn't engage onto you specifically, you'll win the 2v2.
Just spamming a champion isn't enough. You need to realize WHY being a OTP helps you win games. If you spam a champion enough, you'll be able to estimate damage, get used to the mechanics, and know spell ranges. But you could be using the wrong build or runes every game and never realize it. I'm a Zyra OTP, so I spend time outside the game theorycrafting the best builds and reading about matchups. When I see changes on the PBE, I think about how they will affect Zyra. Basically, you can afford to put a lot of effort into knowing everything about the champion because that's the only champion you play. If you played 10 different champions, you wouldn't be able to theorycraft or research in such depth. So if you want the best OTP experience, you need to do your homework in addition to spamming the champion.
Join us at /r/zyramains!
What a load of nonsense. It's meant to track your experience on a champion. Without this system, how would you know what champions you've played the most? Could you rank your top 5 played champions? There's ranked stats, but what about for normals? If I play roughly 50/50 ranked/normals, that's half my stats not being tracked. We spend a lot of time playing League. I'd like to at least be able to remember what I've played. Also, look at champion.gg's winrate-over-games-played chart. For almost any champion, there's a direct correlation. The more games you've played on a champion, the better you will perform. So in that sense if you see mastery rank 7s in your game, they should do better than a badgeless person.
DAE think 90% of players are low elo? xD
Gold is better than 70% of players. Anyway, gold, silver and bronze combined make up 90% of players. Your original comment sounded pretty dismissive of the idea, so explain to me. Why shouldn't Riot design a feature that all players can make use of, rather than excluding the bottom 90%?
I tried Vel'koz support but even after some 20 games I still can't figure out how to win a game. Even if I win I don't feel like it was because of my actions. It doesn't matter if I win lane or lose lane. I just don't have the same impact late game as Zyra.
Alt. Castle of Satan for 4 hours straight here
If Morellos is great on a champion, they'll buy it. But there are cases where it's not enough mana (need Athene's/tear/roa) or the utility of FQC is better. In this case if the AP buys Morello it might be gimping a lot more than 15% damage (imagine an Anivia with just a Morello).
Can you share the team you used for C10/Zeus?
Vim works great if you know how to use it, and you are comfortable with ssh.
My setup uses crouton to run Ubuntu in a tab. I can use actual vim without needing a network connection.
Abathur just play please
http://i.imgur.com/cFqXugI.png
I've been farming KotG with a team of Verdandi/Liu Bei/GValk/Xmas Alraune/Kush/Verdandi. The team isn't very plussed (a total of 150 +s) or even max levelled (verdandi and valk are level 80, liu bei is level 65, everyone else is level 40 or less). The important thing is that liu bei has 3 TPAs, gvalk has 2, and the team has enough hp to tank a hit from zeus/cdd without shields if necessary, and the team has some utility in a delay/shield. Save orb changers for CDD and Zeus. Use one to kill CDD, and pop the delay and use the remaining 3 orb changes to kill Zeus.
Mythic stone dragon cave has a pretty good chance of mythlits for me.
Greed is what causes me to die. Trying to be greedy with orb changers and going for the kill with only 2 tpas is the kind of shit that gets me killed
Volsungir and rinshia, kind of.
She's wiping away a tear, you monster.
Is Shiva/Leilan/Leilan/Leilan/Ares/Shiva a decent team? Other fire monsters are Horus, 2 more Shivas, Belial, Antares, CyberBeast, Dino Rider and meatball dude.
The worst part is that doesn't even rhyme.
He's trying to we1gh less right now so he is easier to carry.
Whoops, I forgot about RKali and guessed LKali.
Wastefetchland - Land T: Add {C} to your mana pool. T: Counter target activated ability from a land (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)
Non existent, because your average doesn't have any of the sacred numbers in it (420, 69, 360 in order of desirability).
thanks for the heads up, I totally forgot coin descends give stones again
Kanetsugu is a descended dungeon that is relatively easy and drops lots of monsters (it doesn't matter what they are). 10x descends is an event, currently active, that makes monster drops from descended dungeons guaranteed to be + eggs. The next event (speculated to be the 9M downloads event) is going to feature Yamato Challenge, which means Kanetsugu will be available for the duration of that event. So if 10x descends is also happening next event (unconfirmed), then happy farming.
Mythical isn't either, but it's better.
Shoutout to Sha Wujing
Well, you should be able to output some serious damage with L/L Ra. You have a delay, and 3 turns should be enough to kill Zeus, assuming you can activate and get a good number of combos. RKali will help you guarantee at least one good board to burst Zeus. The only other thing I can think of is maybe pair with a Ra Dragon friend for extra damage because he has a similar activation condition to L/L Ra. Edit: even without godlike combo skill, Kali + yomi + sq is guaranteed huge damage which might be able to one shot Zeus if you use ra dragon.
Why did you stone yesterday and not during Kanetsugu?
Oh for me it was the opposite. I just threw a level 5 L. Izanami onto my Verdandi team to beat Kanetsugu easily but couldn't beat the red skydragon in PaD Z.
Why the hell is light xuanzhang even in descend carnival? He isn't used for any evos and he's hardly a useful monster.
Is there any case where I would want Alraune's delay over A. Susano shield or a second Liu Bei? I feel like christmas Alraune is actually pretty good on a Verdandi team. She has decent HP, a useful active assuming no status shield, very good rcv, and 2 heart enhances which I estimate are worth 300 rcv each. The recovery is just so damn good when Alraune is on my team, I feel like I'm playing a tank team with an rcv boost.
&gt; soon to be dead and gone You mean like 2 weeks ago?
No, just that 3x normals are no longer optimal now that 10x descends are a thing.
they don't have that much hp, so you can try to focus your damage onto one of them (preferably the light one) and just one shot it.
How do you match enhanced orbs when no awakenings?
Unfortunately, it's impossible to determine one's age (assuming age is defined as the number of birthdays that have occurred, and is not necessarily tied to the quantity of years).
I remember being pissed for rolling two of him in pcgf, because I didn't know what he was good for. Then I rolled a verdandi and looked at her ideal subs.
LOL. I'm not going to edit my post because it's hilarious, but I linked the wrong video by accident (not sure how that happened, probably autoplay went to the next video as I selected the URL). Thanks for the gold, even if I do feel pretty bad about fucking this up so hard.
Mech Satan: evo mats are evolved mech hera, mech Zeus, uvo z8.
great rinshia board though
Essentially. System also usually implies that the team has lots of copies of one particular monster.
The succubus complains of a severe headache! The succubus hits!
see NY Horus
I'm sure you'll be able to find another lucifer player to spend your day with.
How do you display your battery percentage in the icon?
Hell, I&amp;I/Ryune can clear arena (with a puppeteer).
Level 18 unevolved red riding hood was the mvp in Mephisto Descended today. She wasn't a god yet (so I didn't need to tama her), and she recovers 3 turns of bind while creating hearts that I can heartbreak for burst.
I'm guessing Q will become a skillshot to make her more similar to Diana or Fizz who have to hit a skillshot before they can faceroll enemies to death.
Saria is going to be jealous.
Pair her with akechi. Solves both problems.
I really like the really outdated or just plain misinformed advice/theorycrafting/discussion in the comments. It's hilarious.
If your board doesn't have the right colours, you can fix that with your two kalis. If you are having trouble with matching, that gets better with practice.
You can look through your messages and find a x-day login reward and then see how old that message is.
Bad rng.
Inb4 mech zera with 1500 weighted stats
Don't reroll. At some point, Ronia and AA Lucifer were the two most sought after starting rolls. The meta has changed but the early game hasn't. You'll be fine with those two leads until you get some more gods.
Not even that, a bit shift right.
Hi Melyn!
Unfortunately that's not a great design. EQR burst requires the player to hit skillshots, which can be dodged. Plants are autonomous and targeted, which is either frustrating (when they don't hit what you want them to) or brainless gameplay (when they do). Also, it isn't possible to depend on plants because their weird interaction with DoTs makes them extremely unreliable. I strongly doubt Riot wants to make her more like Yorick. Azir is probably the closest thing you will get to the pure summoner mage.
the dream green yomi team imo is 2 vishnu, osiris and verdandi
https://www.reddit.com/r/PuzzleAndDragons/comments/42dy7r/achievement_first_8_star_monster/
at first I thought the thing that you overcame was getting Karin swapped in thought "that's not bad"...
Reported.
Change the skill up system to a skill xp system. Each feed gives a certain amount of xp towards the skill level up. 2.5x skill ups replaced with 2.5x chance of skill great/super. First few skill levels are easier to get than the last few (not as curved as monster xp curve though). Piis grant huge xp roughly equal to now. Skill up fodder gives some xp. Baby piis give xp similar to skill fodder but work for all monsters of a colour and are semi-rare.
It would make skilling stuff too easy. The focus of this thread was to make the skill up system less unfun while not making it strictly easier.
It's lost revenue for Gungho. If they can get people stoning for stamina to run skill up dungeons, it's more profit for them. It's the same reason they make skill up dungeons 2x and 1.5x for certain days instead of having a flat higher rate all the time, it's to encourage stoning. Now you can call Gungho greedy but it's their game and they make the rules. If the suggestion is to just make skill ups easier in general, there's very low chance Gungho will implement it because it directly hurts their bottom line. If we instead aim to make skill ups less frustrating but cost just as much stamina, it's more more likely to be implemented because it won't hurt the bottom line.
It's because it's meant to be a zone control counter engage ult. It's not supposed to do the same thing as Sej ult or Ori ult.
Now you can one shot them even if they build a defesnive item, or if you're behind. You can maybe even one shot tankier people with it. It's broken; something is gonna get nerfed.
Calm your shit. I'm grateful for the 2x drops alongside bowl dragons. Time to skill my Diza.
It's just for publicity and attention. Same reason people smash iPhones on YouTube.
&gt; Japanese Both names are Chinese.
Worst I ever heard was Zooj Lang for GZL (Zhuge is supposed to be pronounced like Zhu Ge)
Did KR also get the half stamina co-op that JP got when they first got co-op?
1. Liu Bei 2. Persephone 3. Some group of 5 monsters, probably elemental. I'll think more about this one. 4. Sphinx (beast king who respects pride [of lions], and this riddle is reminiscent of Sphinx's riddles) 5. ?
TF and Graves are chill with each other now in the lore, but they still have quotes from when they were enemies.
ALoki works well as an inherit. Also remember that you can also inherit AI&amp;I or AFreyja interchangeably.
I got it recently and they added way too much sauce. It was extremely saucy and salty and was difficult to finish.
You can make the poverty double diza double z8 Anubis team
Seconding this. It's very easy to farm MP so I wouldn't sell any REM monsters unless they were trash or unnecessary dupes. Z8 only has 4 "hard" floors: super kings, HMD, mini z8, and z8. None of those floors are really that hard if you can consistently activate Bastet. Just make sure you bring a poison/laser for predras, and use bastet's buff for the last floor. Another option is Nordis. Nordis is very easy for any kind of dark team. Just bring a bind clear (which can even be off colour). Either way you get 525+ MP per 25 stamina. You'll be able to fit many runs into a stone if you're high rank, or just straight up rank up continuously if you're low rank.
／人◕ ‿‿ ◕人＼
Yeah, although if you have enough skill boosts the other ones might work too.
Jammers is so last month. The current meta is cross hearts.
Normals isn't really the same. People play troll shit and no one takes the games seriously.
Op.gg hasn't had that feature since last year. Riot asked them to remove it. The "recently played" is not wholly accurate for determining premade status.
assisting enemy team?
hehe run it down mid xD
What about double "good" skyfall buffs like Osiris (enemy) or Santa Claus (active)?
When you're so "frugal" with exp, you feed dragon plants for exp.
Hypermaxing also makes a huge difference for a tank team like this, because otherwise your RCV is quite low.
AHaku = DR Haku &gt; DD Haku. The only thing DD Haku has going for it is the devil type, which is only relevant if you use it on APanda as well. But Haku isn't really a good Panda sub anyway. The extra row doesn't really matter that much if you already have a good number of rows. AHaku has time extend, haste and very high RCV, while DR Haku one shots DKali and deals at least 3x damage vs most hard enemies on the game. I put them equal because it depends on what you need. The lower CD of DR is nice because it syncs with Akechi perfectly.
How do you kill Kali?
Carry harder than Pob? That's delusional.
There's nothing wrong with wanting to improve. And it's not always clear whether to trust someone in your champ select when they're claiming to be good and wants to carry. But Pobelter is a different story. If you have a challenger in your low diamond team, you really need him to be playing his best, because the enemy team is almost certainly going to be much higher to compensate. I'm not at all surprised that every lane lost in Pob's game. This game is an exceptional case. You either give Pob mid, dodge (maybe the best option if you don't want to compromise your ideals), or lose.
A. Indra stats were just revealed; he's L/G with 2 TPAs, 2 TE, 2 SBR, 2 SB. Active is 2 turn shield with haste at 13 CD. So he covers green now as well.
Yup, that's the one I'm talking about. The only difficulty may be the mythical evo mats, but you might be able to farm those or just get lucky with the evo carnival PEM.
Once you get Pob in your low diamond lobby, your biggest contribution to the outcome of the game is simply whether or not you give him mid. If you do, you'll probably win. Otherwise, you'll certainly lose. Almost nothing you do in game will affect the outcome of the game as much as this. If you wanted to play a game where you can carry with your own actions, then dodge.
pretty good kda
Because matchmaking isn't just going to ignore the fact that your team has Pobelter. I'd be surprised if the other team doesn't have higher MMR players to counteract that. Basically, the matchmaking is assuming that your pro player is going to do work and makes the game harder to compensate. If you waste his potential by having him play Alistar, you'll most likely lose. I don't think it's a coincidence that every lane lost in Pob's game.
Tans are the fuel necessary to perform skill inheritance, which is unlocked at rank 130. You can essentially staple a monster's active skill to another monster, so that monster will be able to use either active. There are limitations on which monsters can provide skills, and in practice it just serves to let you have more flexibility in team building. For more detailed info, check out https://www.reddit.com/r/PuzzleAndDragons/wiki/guides/skill-inheritance.
It's not that "support doesn't matter" (my main role, for the record). It's that Pobelter mains mid lane. He's not going to play at the level that the matchmaking assumes of him unless he's playing his main role. It's pointless to speculate on exactly what would happen if he did get mid, except that it would be a very different game.
These boards are identical or very similar to the ideal 2 color boards for row teams, such as Luci, Thoria, Ry&amp;I, Astaroth, etc. If you're playing any kind of monocolor team that relies on two color boards to burst, it's worthwhile learning the boards.
For subs, every sub should make hearts and light orbs, preferably with haste or low CD. You need at least one board change or ADQXQ to deal with hazards. For damage, row subs seem to be preferred. But the team is nigh invulnerable so it doesn't really matter how you deal damage.
Surely you aren't playing while driving???????????
Sakuya and Hathor are a tier above that.
You 0-combo by swiping the board. Don't try to get fancy by matching combos.
He was in the 4x PCGF recently. That probably would have been a good time to all in for him.
You can make APanda/Zuoh/Akechi/Vamp/Goetia but I feel like the RCV of that team is problematic. For Luci, you can make ALuci/Akechi/Panda/Zuoh/flex, where flex is Okuni, Vamp, or Goetia.
Kindred deals 160% current HP with her autoattacks, and doesn't have a fucking last whisper item WTF.
Sakuya damage control is kinda awful. She's able to deal a huge range of damages, but there isn't exactly any control over how it is done. A 36x can easily turn into a 81x or 100x and screw you over.
Pandora has bind clear and you have 3 of them so you're really only screwed against full team binds. Kaguyahime and Hino are probably the two biggest concerns. Against Kaguya, you can try grinding her down with repeated small activations (3/4 orbs). The goal is to get her to just over 75% HP and then use Luci to nuke her out of resolve without her being able to react. Or you could just yolo the bind but there's a good chance you'll die because she can 99% gravity and heart break. Against Hino, your best bet is to just tank the bind. On the turn you trigger the bind, make sure you have as many hearts on the board as possible. His bind only lasts 2 turns and he doesn't hit that hard (~30k over 2 turns). But this is still more than your max HP, so that's why you need to have as many hearts on the board as possible so you can heal even when your whole team is bound. If you're unlucky, he can remove hearts with his orb spam attack, so that's why you really want to have tons of hearts at the beginning (use actives if necessary).
Some monsters are meant to be leaders and some aren't. I&amp;I and Bastet will eventually become great leaders, but you may not have the right teams for them yet. Save your stones for the next godfest. For now, you should just put farmable monsters on your team (super kings, keepers, dub mythlits, ogres, etc) because of limited team cost. Also, you may just be trying to go too fast. Most people aren't able to beat descends until roughly a month into the game. Focus on clearing all normal dungeons and ranking up primarily at the beginning. At the end of the normal dungeons, there are two dungeons (Two Heroes and Hera) that are basically practice descends.
Almost every descend has two difficulty levels. The harder one is 100% drop. The easier one is usually 40%. Also don't waste MP on mystic masks (or tamas/evo mats in general). I get that it's inconvenient that you didn't get one to drop from Wednesday dungeon and you don't want to wait another week to do your evolutions. But MP is a long-term resource that you should be hoarding to eventually buy a 300k MP monster (which are some of the strongest monsters in the game). You'll never get to 300k if you waste MP on stuff that you could get with less than a day's stamina instead. You should only ever spend MP on MP exclusive monsters. And I'm hoping you didn't sell anything useful to get that MP; a lot of new players are really bad at determining which REM pulls are actually bad and sell too many potentially useful monsters.
&gt; invert a binary tree on a whiteboard If you can't invert a binary tree, you either didn't understand the question, or lack basic understanding of binary trees or problem solving skills. It's one of the easiest operations you can do with a binary tree (only behind traversal). I'm not sure how you want to hire people to "make efficient use of resources and network bandwidth" (much harder problems to solve) if they can't even solve the much simpler one.
Well, it's a basic test of algorithmic competency. And if someone doesn't understand the question, it's either the interviewer's fault for being so shit at communicating or that person isn't familiar enough with data structures.
Having your shield replaced with a bind clear could be a fatal mistake though if you need it for a preempt.
http://i.imgur.com/bydCSIB.jpg
I guess the range is misleading then. I'm pretty sure Cait can hit plants without them fighting back.
This, a Zyra bot lane is really a 3v3, not a 2v2.
Soraka is a hard counter. Other healers don't heal enough to put sustain, but Soraka is the exception. If played correctly, it completely neutralizes her strong laning and by mid game the Zyra will be almost useless. You can also try Leona or Blitz. If you pull her it's a guaranteed kill every time (but she might block with plants in higher elo). For Leona, just make sure to engage on her instead of her ADC, and it should be a free kill every time ult is up. The REAL biggest counter is to just get the fucking jungler to camp. It's so easy to gank Zyra, I feel like they probably balanced her with the expectation that the jungler would be coming bot every other level.
True, they should just revert the duration nerf. Or you could just save yourself the grief and just never try to trade with a plant. Just wait 5 seconds for it to expire.
Seconding this. Once you have that team hyper, it can easily take you through Arena.
Not having the correct typing will make her deal almost an order of magnitude less damage than the rest of your team. I would prefer something like Gryps Rider and then inherit LKali elsewhere on your team.
The nuke only hits one target, so it's useless for clearing a floor of predras.
Off-meta builds that end up strong are frequently toxic, because they were not what the designer intended. No designer would intentionally create something disgusting and without counterplay. But the designers are assuming their creations would be played in a certain way (e.g. Master Yi should be a squishy AD glass cannon). When people find alternative builds, those frequently end up imbalanced just because they were not intended (S3 AP Yi or tank Yi).
He has a lot of light OE which add a lot of damage, and he's limited to a certain collab. He's definitely not the worst thing in the box. I would rather sell a random fairy tale girl because you know you're going to pull 10 more of them before you ever find a use for them.
She's neither 297+ nor 15k MP. She's an two colour board skill assistant, which is much harder to find than 297+ or 15k MP.
Your team is low on time extends (only 3). You'll have more when you add your Kalis to the team, but also I would recommend investing into Yomi. Your leaders are more than capable of handling hard content, but you just need consistency. You'll have multiple board changers to ensure you always have the right colours, and AYomi will ensure you have enough time to combo the board. Lightning / DKali / LKali / AYomi / blue golem / Lightning is a solid team. You can replace AYomi with LValk or some other green coverage eventually when you get good enough at comboing to remove the "training wheels". You can also make a pretty good ASakuya team with ASakuya / AYomi / DKali / LKali / Lightning (or blue golem) / ASakuya. I would probably just leave Yomi on this team because time extends are much more important to Sakuya.
Yes, I inherited mine. You have to evolve it to the 5 star form, but it's possible and also very good.
What exactly do we have to clear to save the stones? Is it the regular technicals or the multiplayer ones?
No, the counter is to stop making enemies that hit for 60-130k damage. This range of damage is really all that the heart cross excels at stopping. Any less than 60k and regular tank teams can tank it too. Any more than 130k and not even the shield will be enough. Gungho can nerf Kaede simply by making enemies that hit for 999k when you're "supposed to" die.
Both attacks still happen in one turn, so the shield would block both. The person you responded to meant they could implement two attacks as happening in two turns, despite you not having a chance to attack in between (thus the shield won't block the second attack).
First david then yuki. Careful you don't beach yourself!
If you're having a great time, chances are your enemies weren't. They probably ragequit.
APanda / UPanda / Akechi / Zuoh / flex is a very solid team. You can also make ALuci / APanda / UPanda / Akechi / AHaku (replace one of the Pandas if you need flex).
The sooner you py him the sooner you can farm more piis with him. We likely won't get this in NA for a few months. So it might be worth it still.
If you're going to get a jungler to camp him then why even bother with the assassin? Mages receive ganks much better because they have CC.
Well, yeah. She is undoubtedly the strongest leader in the game right now, for the reason you mentioned. By the time Gungho makes her fall out of favour, you bet that every other monster currently in the game will have long fallen off the tier list by then (perhaps except You Yu, since his damage is insanely high). The reason I say this is because she has crazy tankiness and high damage, which can be controlled reasonably well. The tankiness issue can be addressed by making every hit in a dungeon either 10k or 200k, which makes her shield pretty much useless (along with every other shield in the game and most tank teams). This still leaves a 64x mono colour leader. The solution to this is to just simply ramp up the HP until this amount of damage isn't impressive anymore (like how Yomi Dragon doesn't really deal enough damage nowadays). The collateral impact of this is that current glass cannon teams will become irrelevant unless they deal really, really, truly absurd damage like You Yu. So essentially in order to displace Kaede from SS tier, there would have to be an extreme amount of powercreep that would make almost every other current team useless in the process. Chances are that this won't happen for a long time, and she'll reign as undisputed best team for at least as long as Ra Dragon did. The assumption I made is that Gungho won't introduce some mechanic that specifically counters the heart shaped cross. They could try to create scenarios that are unfavourable for Kaede, but ultimately the team is very resilient to that kind of stuff. I don't think they would make something really janky that specifically targets the mechanic (e.g. "Leader skill shield invalid" or a "special interaction" that results in 300% enrage vs Miru/Kaede/Sumire).
That really is the question with these two very similar leads, isn't it? I've used both and my preference keeps switching between the two. On the one hand, Luci is so much safer because he has more HP, much more RCV, and a bind clear (Yomidra). I feel like I can stall forever with Luci. On the other hand, Panda is more flexible with activation, consistently deals more damage than Luci and doesn't rely on God Killer, and doesn't struggle against Vishnu. Her active is also not useless and she doesn't really need to stall for orbs. But in some dungeons it feels like you burn through your actives too quickly by sweeping each floor and you can't find a place to stall because she doesn't have enough RCV to handle 20k hits each turn. Currently I use Panda to farm easier stuff where I can sweep each floor (Weekday mythicals, Kanetsugu) and use Luci for Arena and C10s. But I think my Luci team is more ideal than my Panda team.
Just a reminder that the current thread is titled "Why is Varus frequently banned in the LCK".
Without having to buy the coin dungeon.
Just a shame that lux is an otherwise throughly mediocre support. I only went lux that game because we also had a sona mid for whatever reason.
Most troll buff they could give Anubis. It'd be pretty much impossible to do anything with him when you make 2 heart crosses.
Miru is already farmable. I doubt they'd give her skill up fodder.
If you're just starting out, don't constrain yourself to one colour. The rolls you get from just a single godfest could result in a different colour being your best.
&gt; The player base and competitive player base shouldn't need to RELY on third party programs to have a feature that has been a staple of games for over a decade. Well, this is true. But the rest of your argument is a farce, since you can still do everything with third party applications. We shouldn't have to rely on third party applications to view replays. But that's how it is right now and those third party applications are actually really really good. So let's go back to the question and cut the ideological bullshit, how does a lack of replay system stop you from having fun? &gt; For ranked 5s, I have a few friends that are silver and a few that a plat. I CANNOT play with them in a ranked or semi ranked setting because of dynamic queue. I am stuck with blind normals. This actively effects my experience of the game and discourages me from playing. So you want to play in a competitive setting, while you have silvers *and* plats on your team? This sounds exactly like the use case for normal drafts.
As if there aren't 3 selfposts about those topics on the front page every single day.
I think you're still missing the point. If you continue to follow the old paradigm, then yes, you use grey health to mitigate poke and use the shield when you're low to mitigate huge burst. But in the new scheme, you can use the shield to mitigate even random poke as well, since the CD was decreased (as long as it's at least two instances of damage). If you get hit by two spells and would have lost some amount of HP, you can instead pop the shield after the first spell and before the second one to block more damage than you would have healed from just grey health. Then you can chill for 6 seconds until the E is back up.
Lmao +1500 HP holy moly
EU and NA always get the same godfests and generally have the same content overall.
Can you not reason rationally? Hypothetically, if the second highest support win rate were 30%, and each game has a support, then clearly every support except the highest win rate support must have a win rate below 30%. Thus that one high win rate support must have an absurdly high win rate like 90%. Taliyah can have a 30% win rate and every other mid could still have roughly 50% win rate because there's a big difference between second highest win rate and lowest win rate.
Unfortunately W stays at rank 1 for most of the game. This might make it worthwhile to max second though.
Armored Batman says hi.
Reminder that Zweihander and Diadem are 5 star gold eggs.
Very easy dungeon for Luci btw. You can handle his resolve, no trickery needed.
In the current state of the game*, Sakuya dupes are almost completely useless. Yomi dupes are niche but you could make an argument for having an AYomi and a D/L Yomi. Dupe Ra is definitely a keeper; as Awoken Ra he's very useful on button push farm teams and good for inheritance. *Things can change and new uvos or buffs could be announced. Selling anything comes with this inherent risk.
It's extremely unlikely you can make a 5 match, a 6 match row, and a cross of hearts all in one turn. Rows are essentially wasted awakenings on Sumire.
How do you propose fitting 4 man queues into the queue if they can't be matched with solos?
You also have a chance to play against diamond smurfs, or play against one trick pony mains while your first time top lane yasuo feeds his ass off. There are so many random variables in solo queue and many of them will put you at a disadvantage for the game (like your LB support won't buy sightstone). But the conventional wisdom is that since everyone has the same chance of having that shit teammate or godlike opponent in their game, in the long term it balances out and is fair. Playing against premades is basically the same thing. You'll have a hard game but all solos will be dealing with the same thing, so the solo ladder is still fair.
The issue was exacerbated by the role selection. People say "new champion select is NOT dynamic queue" but then attribute all the queue time and matchmaking issues to dynamic queue alone. The truth is that role selection essentially cuts the effective concurrent users to about a third of what it is actually.
No that's not his point. His point was akin to saying that your twisted treeline MMR is probably much lower than your summoners' rift MMR because they're maintained separately and you just never bother to play enough twisted treeline for the game to actually figure out how good you are. If you play mainly solo queue then you'll gain solo MMR while your DQ MMR stays at 1200. Then when you randomly decide to play with a similar friend you'll be stomping silvers.
It's still a separate MMR, same as how normals and ranked are separate.
He could have said "your solo MMR is going to be fairly low compared to your dynamic MMR" and his point would have been the same. The point is that whichever mode you play less often will have lower MMR simply because you didn't raise it by playing it.
tans :(
Sigh. I'm not talking about decay (MMR doesn't even decay afaik), nor was the original poster. Please go back and read his post again. I know you think he's trying to suggest that DQ players are all boosted animals who couldn't hold their own in solo queue or something of that nature, but he clearly says (emphasis added): &gt; my main issue with it is that players who switch between dynamic and solo will lead to more imbalanced matches. If you solo 9/10 games you play, but Fridays you play with your friends, your dynamic MMR is going to be fairly low compared to your solo MMR, which means you will crush when you go into DQ. **The same goes if you are mostly a DQ player but solo occasionally; you will tend to be somewhat better than your peers.** Let's create a scenario. You start playing ranked at the beginning of the season and your MMR is initialized to 1200. You play 50 games of solo queue and climb to 1600 MMR. Now your buddy wants to play so you hop into a duo with him. Your dynamic MMR is still 1200, so now you'll be shitting on some silvers when you're actually high gold. You stomp every game that night with your buddy and your dynamic MMR rises to 1400 MMR (so still not quite there yet). Then you don't play anymore dynamic queue (because you're primarily a solo player) for 50 more games. You're at 1800 MMR now in your solo games. Another friend wants to play, and so you get to stomp a bunch more games for free. Do you see the problem now? You can switch the scenario between primarily playing solo queue to primarily playing DQ and occasionally playing solo and get the same result.
Try PadGuide.
Since when was Brazil in North America?
Build some magic resist instead of rushing your damage item and it's a different story.
Yeah I think it does. Just make sure to always use leaders before subs.
I guess Nami was more of a skill matchup depending on how good the Nami was at making good use of the bounce and hitting bubbles to catch Zyra. Sona was free though.
&gt; Whenever I think about spending my stones, I just get the feeling that I'll be pulling crap most of the time and that is likely be better off stoning for +eggs. Imo you should spend stones 4:1 on REM to stamina until you have decent REM teams.
It's coming this Tuesday.
Zeus Dios intensifies. I'm guessing an unconditional multiplayer lead (as opposed to HP conditional like M Zeus/Hera).
Azir deserves the victorious skin more. Viktor is a close contender though.
3x ATK for Machine/God, 1.5x all stats in multiplayer?
Unbiased opinion from /u/Vayne_Mechanics :\^) But jokes aside either Furor or Captain could work. I like Captain better because hardly anyone ever bought it even though it's an interesting mechanic, so this would be a good opportunity for it.
If your entire team has x hp, then rainbow latents on one monster gives you x*(1/0.99-1) effective HP. HP latents give y*1.075 effective HP, where y is the HP of the monster. Therefore, HP latents are better when y*1.075 &gt; x*(1/0.99-1), or y/x &gt; 0.0094 (i.e. the monster must contribute more than 0.94% of the team's HP, which is almost always true). This is for the case of only one latented monster on a team. Resists become more powerful the more of them you stack, and HP latents don't apply to plusses (5940 extra HP in total) so we'll consider the fully pentamaxed case as well. A team of all rainbow latents has (x+5940)/0.95 effective HP, whereas a HP latented team has x\*1.075+5940 effective HP. HP latents are better when x\*1.075+5940 &gt; (x+5940)/0.95, or x\*1.075+5940 &gt; x\*1.052 + 6252.63, i.e. when x &gt; 13976.47 HP, which again is easily achievable by almost any team. In conclusion, if you want to increase the raw tankiness of your team in general, HP latents will always give you more effective HP than rainbow latents. Color resists are more effective if you're stacking them to counter a specific threat (like DQ Hera), but spreading them out in a rainbow fashion is ineffective except as a counter to 100% gravities. It's also worth noting that rainbow latents will also make recovery more effective, but in general colour &gt; HP &gt; rainbow for meeting thresholds.
If it's meant to spotlight a player, then it would be pretty pointless to have the system arbitrarily decide that. It would be better to just have the card system and let players vote on cards.
More like "do you want to get reported for buying black cleaver/rylais". Stuff that you can't just turn off and feels really bad.
Yeah that's what I mean. Sure the counterplay is to just not attack, but then that's a really broken old Poppy/Olaf ult. Suppose you're a mage with Rylais or Ashe and this guy ults. You either just don't cast any spells or attack him or you speed him to your own death. It's a more bullshit version of Yi ult.
&gt; "It should have insanely high slow resistance." Yeah give Tabis "insanely high" crit resistance and you'll have the same problem.
not sure if you read my post either but ok &gt; +10% Critical strike icon critical strike damage reduction &gt; "insanely high crit resistance" lol
If you have a good XM team then there's really much of a point investing in Luci. Unless your XM team is really really underdeveloped or nonstandard, it should be able to tank as well as Luci and deal much more damage. XM is essentially a better version of Luci. That's not to say Luci is bad; he's my goto lead for Arena. I just think XM is much better.
Do you have a Meimei, or any Sonia? If not, then inherit Goetia, Persephone, or Haku.
plus eggs
Are we talking Zeus Dios board + 2 rows, or a bicolour/tricolour board then those 2 rows?
2 turn spike is actually surprisingly useful. You can burst Beelz and still have the spike for Kali.
You don't think driving has the potential to harm another person or their property?
I've never used radar. What am I looking at? What's the devil supposed to do?
If you do that, it might be worthwhile pairing your Ra Dra with a Sherias Roots once that comes over to NA. The max damage is a bit lower but Sherias Roots applies his bonuses to dragons instead of gods (and your team would be 5/6 dragon), which should make up for the slightly lower multiplier.
People are saying your pulls are bad. Yomi and Orochi are actually quite good (AYomi is a good midgame leader and Orochi is an extremely valuable utility sub for late game), but they're both useless early on, especially as leader. You'll have to lead with a farmable (fairy or bowl) for now until you can pull a better leader next godfest.
Awoken DQXQ just came out. She requires mats from two slightly more difficult descends (or just run descend carnival), but once awoken she'll probably be your most powerful leader. Potentially good subs for her that you have are Indra, Susano, DKali, LKali, AIsis, dupe DQXQ, LValk, Dragon Rider, Ceres, Echidna. Just pick and choose from this list based on your team cost, evolution progress, and dungeon mechanics (make sure you have every colour). Example early game team: ADQXQ / LKali / Echidna / uvo LValk / Dragon Rider / ADQXQ Example late game team: ADQXQ / ADQXQ / DKali / AIsis / Indra / LKali / ADQXQ
The infinity symbol in someone's name is just a character that they typed or pasted in. It doesn't have any in game significance. I believe it's used by a group of elite players to indicate their membership of that group however, but technically there's nothing stopping you from adding it to your own name.
&gt; especially after getting DKali 13/15 runs total over the past couple days DKali is safer IMO. With LKali there's the risk of hitting her to 5% and getting one shot.
Yes, that's the entire point. There's also another survey with the reversed wording. The two surveys coexist to attempt to cancel out the bias from the wording.
Season 1 gold cutoff was vastly different from even season 3 gold. Edit: https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/2lzre9/percentile_rankings_by_division_seasons_end/ from Season 4 shows that 34% of people got victorious Morgana.
Lol the Cassiopeia ability you're calling lazy is a new type of cc and pretty much the only ability that they actually changed in her rework. You couldn't have picked a shittier example.
How is this prone to misinterpretation? There's nothing misleading about what is being asked. There is bias, but asking the question the other way creates bias too. Ultimately Riot will be able to look data from more than just one way of asking.
I agree that the wording of a question is extremely important. This is exactly the reason why Riot's survey has a variety of wordings, including the one OP posted. There are probably several different questions both positive and negative, and this is simply one variant. (I would be surprised if there wasn't one along the lines of "Agree or disagree: you would dislike voice chat in League.")
The light thothdet is good. Akechi is probably the best 5*.
A. Liu Bei with several max skilled Zeus Dios subs is the new gold standard for speed farming.
It's the new Goemon basically
Guessing the next update after assassins will be tanks and tank itemization.
You don't need to deal 10m damage in floor 9, nor do you have to tank the hit. You're supposed to play a mini game on that floor. You need to match 6 combos so you can get through the combo shield and ping him. Then he checks if his health decreased and if it didn't, he kills you. Then you have to do it again (this time the goal is to get him below half). The 10m defense and 41k hit are just arbitrarily large values.
Why should I? Farming chasers or fairies from the carnivals is miserable because it's not a 100% drop even in the 40 stamina version on 2x. And I'm not going to py something that has farmable skill ups if I can acquire the skill ups easily elsewhere. I could max skill them all quickly if I blew piis or stoned but that's not the point. I could also farm a bunch of XP if I stoned EKMD or SKC. I'm just considering it from the perspective of "which pal machine will save me the most stamina with its pulls?" (which for the record is rare pem (situational based on how many of the skillups you can use) &gt; enhance pem &gt; evo pem). Evo pem is literally shit, which isn't worth pulling unless you have no other way to farm the mythical dungeons.
&gt; Secondly, as another user points out, usually by end-game, all your monsters are already skilled up. The important ones anyways. I mean this goes for the other two pems as well; I would hope your important monsters are also max level and evolved by end game as well. Once you're in the late game, PEMs mainly help with when you want to develop the other monsters in your box (e.g. using enhance PEM to level up descend fodder for evolving, fresh REM pulls, or old REM monsters that you never got around to investing in). You're obviously not going to be using it for the purpose of improving the monsters on your current team. Rare pem works the same way. My main teams are hypermaxed Luci, APanda, Yomidra teams that I use to clear almost anything in the game, and I have Sumire, Miru and Liu Bei teams lined up for the next batch of content. I also have all the monsters needed to make pretty decent R&amp;I or Thoria teams but they aren't exactly a priority, so I'm not going to dedicate the stamina to farming fairies for Wukong and Andro. I still feel like I may eventually want those monsters skilled, so grabbing a bunch of skill ups from the rare PEM is definitely the best use of pal points for me. Similarly, I somehow managed to roll 2 Hakus, 3 Karins, 5 Leilans -- you get the idea. It's never going to be my main focus to farm skill ups for a monster that I've never used and don't really plan on using in the near future, but at the same time it'd be nice if I could skill them so I could use them in the future if I need to. And it's the same story for armored knights. Who is honestly going to farm bowls to max skill one of those unless you had an immediate need for it on a team? In my case I have 3 Chinese, 2 heroes, and 2 armored knights that I can skill from this PEM. When they're all skilled, the rare pem is undoubtedly going to lose much of its value and I'll go back to saving up for enhance. But right now, the effective stamina per pull the rare pem gives me is really fucking good and by far outclasses the other two. &gt; First of all, most awoken monsters can only be skilled up via Piis. So you're not going to be skilling them up with anything from PEM. Yes. And even among unawoken monsters, only a handful of them can be skilled via this PEM. The value of this PEM scales incredibly well with how many of that handful of monsters you actually own. That's why I think it's best suited to late game players with large REM boxes (especially with dupes, since you're probably going to want to awaken your first set of chinese/Pandora). The players that will find this machine valuable also need to have fully developed teams already such that they don't mind that their extra hero/chinese/knight skill ups are going to come sporadically and gradually over time (so if you're rank 100 and are trying to skill up your starter pull Haku, this PEM isn't for you!).
But it's important to consider the average number of orbs of one colour present for two reasons: 1) it's to establish a baseline value, and 2) it's actually really crucial when you consider Luci's skill use patterns. Luci's preferred play pattern is to stall nigh indefinitely on easier floors to recharge skills and go into a gauntlet of hard floors with all actives charged. Assuming you're in a hard dungeon like Arena, you'll rarely use an active just to kill something faster (you should just stall for orbs). Usually you'll only use an active in an emergency, like if you need to kill something urgently. Therefore it's hard to opportunistically use orb changers and reserve Hanzo only for red flooded boards, because the likelihood that you have a red heavy board on the exact turn when you actually need to kill is fairly low. You often will be forced into using him regardless of what the board looks like, in which case you can only count on the baseline number of orbs, and might get trolled by the inconsistency. That's why I consider it bad and also why I prefer Goetia's consistency (not to mention she enhances and fixes any board change). Hanzo's niche is as a quick orb change. The orb change isn't so quick after it's been inherited onto an 8 turn CD (CD is now 130% longer). On the other hand, you don't lose too much for inheriting Sonia/Loki (12 turn -&gt; 20 turn; CD is 66% longer). My order of preference: Sonia/Loki &gt; Akechi &gt; Goetia &gt;&gt;&gt; Hanzo. Orochi is either unnecessary or god tier depending on dungeon.
There's no Nice! button so he is indeed solo at this point. You get to keep the co-op HP of your partner IF you spent stones while together.
The Nice! is supposed to be next to the treasure icon, in the same row as the Menu, which are both visible, so it's not an issue with it being cut off. Unless you think the screenshot has been manipulated in some way? I've never actually stoned in co-op then disconnected so I can't confirm firsthand the interaction, so I'm just repeating what I've heard.
&gt; this buff would be extremely situational. Considering that you're basically reversing a counter (currently people pick stuff like Taric/Kindred to counter Karthus), it's a bigger deal than that.
I don't know where you got the idea that awoken monsters had to have great actives. Several of them (especially ones meant to be leads) have fairly pathetic actives (Horus, Bastet, ALuci, Shiva, etc). Some of them do have great actives but that's usually only because they're meant to be subs or their unawoken form already had a great active. If a leader has a good enough LS, their AS doesn't have to be amazing. Seeing as how her active enables activation and has a fairly low CD, it's certainly not the worse.
Many of the companies I've worked at use Slack.
You've been slightly lucky but not too far off the actual rate (roughly 1 in 4 runs iirc).
Z8 is really easy for combo/rainbow teams, especially light ones. Nordis is really easy for dark teams (as long as you bring bindclear). Volsung is objectively harder than those two IMO.
If you really want to make a great farmable team, look into Zeus Dios and Miru. Dios/Dios/Dios/Dios/Flex is a viable co-op team when paired with a friend running an A. Liu Bei team. Flex is either Tengu, Griffin, or some utility. [Example run](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gE01kklgVU) Miru is very strong, although her best subs are not farmable.
Recovery. If you watch any ALuci gameplay, you'll notice how important recovery is to the team's resilience. You can afford to dick around and stall for 10 turns only because you're able to heal 20k per turn on average. Luci would not be even close to viable if he didn't have the ability to heal so much. On the contrary, Vritra can't heal up his massive HP pool. Having 4x HP means that he'll be able to tank a powerful hit but since he can't heal, stalling does not work. &gt; Along with row-based orb changers such as Pandora/Akechi and natural orb fall increasers like dark eschamali, this team might be able to avoid the continuous stalling that A. Luci teams accept. You think Luci teams don't use Panda/Akechi/Eschamali? Luci teams do have the option of blazing through floors by popping an active a turn. The reason you never see this is because it's not a viable option for a tank team to waste all its actives on the trash floors leading up to the boss. That's why it's preferable to stall for skills/orbs.
If you don't match those light orbs, they stick around on your board forever and stop you from getting more of the orbs you actually want. You should aim to clear as many orbs as possible each turn regardless of whether you attack with them. If you go with Ryune, then the sub attributes don't matter at all. If you use Sephiroth, you MUST have every colour represented on your team somewhere (either main or sub attributes).
Warwick.
Warwick
They're separate examples. I'm not implying you farm mechdragons with LB.
It's Akechi's fault.
Blame Akechi
Would you happen to have a Sephiroth with Orochi inherited?
Looks like Antares will be R/G in addition to R/L, Pollux will be L/D in addition to L/R, and Castor will be D/L in addition to D/B. Do you know whether the standard colors (R/L, L/R, D/B) correspond to the god killer or the LS uvos?
Why not Neptune Dragon?
You can't. I meant the flex spot should be either a low CD body + inherited utility or just replace the flex with another Dios.
The rotation is enhance -&gt; rare -&gt; evo -&gt; rare -&gt; enhance -&gt; evo -&gt; rare -&gt; evo -&gt; enhance.
IMO ADCs are mainly for killing tanks with their high DPS. It would take forever for a mage like Ziggs to kill a tank. If ADCs cannot kill tanks in a reasonable amount of time, then tanks are overtuned.
Syndra ult range is garbage compared to Gragas. Gragas had AoE instant one shot potential at much longer range.
No, that's just poppy being exceptionally well balanced. Cassio/Azir don't compare to the high damage ADCs like Twitch or Vayne.
NA is doing the C8 with fixed Horus team vs Satan descended
I carried my alt through it in co-op with Myr. The alt brought a bunch of delays (naga and twinton) and moogle. I stalled on the first floor for 50 turns until all my delays came up.
Disagree with your latent section: - Killers on high attack monster is terrible, since it destroys your ability to stay under absorbs. Aizen definitely does not need the extra killing power. - Full rainbow should go on an unbindable monster, not on Escha. - Time extend is not necessary for this team.
50% shield sucks
Support Zyra does not do more damage than the ADC in any given lategame fight. The damage charts are a result of harassing enemies the entire game.
What kind of CD would it have? Equal to the CD of the skill you used?
Yamato should be second ult Evo, and Leilan should probably be Awoken.
I find Myr still clears no RCV just fine if you bring a high efficiency heartmaker and conserve hearts.
Rammus/Hec run back to base
It was hella fun for me and I don't play tanks. There was so much more CC and tankiness picked back then (rather than burst damage). Teamfights could last 30 seconds and be about coordinating abilities and gaining advantages rather than one shotting a guy immediately and be over in 5 seconds.
Seconding this. This team easily deals &gt;20m damage each turn just by swiping the board.
Tbh even 3/6 blue is enough RCV. Z8 is a good inherit base.
Or just use Myr and bring a delay. Find a Myr with Wee Jas inherited.
&gt; Now you have all team building, no skill (or RNG). Implying Dios team is no RNG A single heart skyfall anywhere before Hino ends your run.
Well, I pulled Rukia and Aizen in my first three rolls. RNG is RNG.
How much of this holds up outside of toplane? I don't usually pick Garen so the majority of the time I play him is in ARAM. Would I still be better off maxing Q in there too?
Trump's personality is plenty sufficient for people to hate him, but not sufficient for him to be considered a "bad" politician. His policies (like his stance on climate change and vaccines) are responsible for that. Really Trump is the full package.
That's not pro-choice, it's straight up anti-life.
What? That was a joke about the absurdity of throwing someone off a helicopter.
You could stall out the damage limit and just burst with everything.
It's cheese alright. You still have to play most of the dungeon "normally", but once you get to the boss, it's just trivial to win because she does almost no damage to you. Considering the boss is by far the hardest part of MHera, being able to cheese her makes the run quite a bit easier. Aside from the damage reduction, RHades still has a respectable LS of 36x (more than enough to handle the rest of the floors).
That's a weak argument tbh. It's an attempt to argue from a Japanese spelling/language standpoint when that's basically irrelevant since no one who says "Miru" actually cares about the Japanese spelling behind it. It's simply the name that people have gotten used to. "Aamiru" wouldn't sound so dumb if that's literally what everyone called it for months before its release.
There's one more item I would add to this list
in addition to those, I would also keep dqxq or vijrayaksa (easy rainbow leads early that also have late game uses)
My impression is that Lakshmi is super slow for clearing stuff. Her activation is really orb hungry and her playstyle thus naturally tends to have a lot of stalling in it. Ilm/Minerva is mainly popular and because of its success as an arena farming team.
Ilminerva is a farming team. The main popularity of the team is due to its success farming arena 1. It has a good balance of easiness, speed, and safety. While Lakshmi can also farm A1, she's much slower. Lakshmi is in an awkward spot where she's not really a good farmer because of how orb hungry and stall-reliant she is, but also isn't ideal for endgame either because she's too squishy for annihilation-level hits.
Well he's the best pull in the collab. Very good HP stat stick to inherit on squishy dark teams or to use as a sub.
My understanding is that everyone knew Dios wasn't a crown team. It's just an easy and consistent way to get top 10%, which is good enough for the majority of the playerbase.
The tweet being wrong makes it fit the thread even better.
Report Faker for cassio ulting creeps
&gt; Geographic Preference CALI OR BUST
If the bush is already warded, then the guy is an idiot. But attacking from bush will reveal everyone in the bush, so if the bush isn't warded, it's best to stay out. Even if the enemies saw your support going into the bush and know they're in there, not being able to actually see the support means the support has an easier time landing skillshots. Malzahar doesn't really have any important skillshots to land though, so this guy is just being dumb.
Okay, I was just letting you know that the main weakness of the match-5 playstyle is that it can't really use the good damage awakenings (TPA and rows). So a match-5 leader is going to be outdamaged by a TPA or row leader with a lower LS atk multiplier in many cases. Killer awakenings will improve your damage, but they are rare, situational, and detrimental in some cases. Stacking huge numbers of oe awakenings (e.g. Krishna or Elgenubi) will improve your damage somewhat, but your team already has a huge number of those. The easiest way to deal more damage is to stop running a rainbow team and focus on one color. Monocolor always deals more than multicolor, all else being held equal. It's simply because you can't get the full benefit of orb changers if you don't stay monocolor. If you pop Haku, your green subs don't deal any damage. If you create fire orbs with Napoleon's active, only he benefits from those. You should change your Xmas Haku over to the red form as soon as possible. Also, you need to make more combos. You can make it easier by using the time extend badge and adding more time extend subs, but you should also watch some tutorials on how to combo efficiently. **Main takeaway: focus on one color and making more combos.**
&gt; Doesn't going mono color make damage kind of inconsistent though? &gt; Right now I don't really have to rely on my actives much at all for matching, as there is almost always something I can do. I would also get screwed if something resists/absorbs red if that's all I have. I guess that's where you rely on your sub color? I understand exactly the reason you want to have a rainbow-ish team (it's a mistake a lot of new players make), but it really hurts your damage a lot. Not making enough combos is the root of all your problems. Let's say you erase 5 red orbs to deal damage. If you make no other combos, you obviously won't have any more red orbs next turn. If you matched the entire board (30 orbs), you will get 30 fresh orbs and 1/6 of them will be red. Thus you'll have another 5 red orbs ready to go next turn and you won't need actives on average. Matching all 30 orbs is a bit unrealistic, but a good player should be able to match at least 6-7 combos on any board. That translates to ~20 orbs cleared or ~3 fire orbs dropping each turn. Typically you pop orb change actives to create fire orbs when you run out, but with good comboing and smart orb conservation you don't need to do this too often. &gt; I'm also using the time extend badge already, but it's not much time for matching. Watch [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLku-s20EBE) and practice. Aim to make 6 combos each turn. That should be doable with the time extend badge and a couple of time extends on your team. Edit: With a match-5 w/ enhance leader, it's even more important that you run a mono color team. The bonus ATK applies only for the element that you matched 5 for, which means that most of your team doesn't even get the full multiplier.
With 2 row awakenings, matching rows isn't even better than matching separate size-3 combos, without even factoring other awakenings. A normal row team has at least 10 rows, and some teams might even have up to 20 rows.
It's just better to focus on as few colors as possible in this game. Even combo teams and rainbow teams try to keep the entire team the same color. That being said, I think the closest thing to what you're looking for are rainbow leaders (Ra Dragon, Reincarnated Ra, Sherias Roots for some examples). These leaders activate by matching all colors (or almost all colors). Because these teams cannot use orb changers without removing colors they need to activate, they cannot heavily stack one color and thus would deal significantly less damage than comparable row leaders. Therefore, these leaders typically have massive ATK multipliers to make up for this fact (e.g. 225x for Ra). Even so, 225x rainbow still only deals roughly the same damage as the burst of a 64x row leader. Rainbow teams need to have one of each color on the team, either as a main attribute or a subattribute. People still tend to favor keeping the main attributes "on-color" (because that simplifies matching TPAs), but sometimes the best utility actives are in a different color and so rainbow teams are the most likely to have off-color subs. To play a rainbow team, needless to say you need to combo well. Most of the frustrations of playing a rainbow team will come from boards that are not activatable, i.e. boards without the all colors you need. That's why it's essential to have roughly 2 Kali style board changers on your team so you can fix a bad board.
Yeah. LE is "easier" in the way that the legend difficulty is easier than the mythical or descend carnival is easier than the actual descend. If a newer player is soloing content, LE is probably much easier to clear.
Don't queue support/fill then. Support/mid or support/bot will guarantee you never get jungle since supports can't be autofilled, only regular filled.
Will there be more recognition for the recent trend of AP supports like Zyra, Brand, Karma, and Malzahar? Or are these seen as balance anomalies rather than a playstyle you plan to support?
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! TSM TSM! TSM! WAAAAAAA!
8? I only know how to do 6.
DAthena is probably faster because she can be played DC, which eliminates the turn change animation.
&gt; I believe part of the problem lies in Zyra's plants targeting system. In patch 6.13 Riot noted in the patch notes that Zyra's Q plants should no longer target enemy champions if Zyra doesn't damage them, however this is not the case. &gt; Deadly Spines BUG FIX: Thorn Spitters automatically targeting enemy champions even if Zyra doesn't damage them That was a significant change actually. Before that change, plants would always hit champions if they were in range. After the nerf, plants only prioritize champions on their first auto and then go back to minions. The patch notes weren't really clear on this.
That's assuming the void isn't just filled with silvers.
Sounds like a player skill issue
What you said doesn't contradict the OP at all. The condition of bot lane determines the game, and the jungler and solo laners determine the condition of bot lane.
Usually it means "I will button" unconditionally, but use some common sense. If the dungeon is 6 floors, then you should probably bring a button leader too. If the host doesn't have enough SB (eg a team of 5 anji), then they'll typically say something like "button bring 8 sb". What I'm more confused about is the people who say "NO BUTTONS". Are they saying they don't have any buttons? Or saying that they refuse to play with people using button teams? And why?
inheritable? also, this might be "busted" with hanzo/batman+remote claw?
Tbh I'm not sure why afk players need to be kicked at all. They're already afk, why make them reload the game when they come back?
You actually earn less gold as support now than before. I've played Zyra support since season 4, and have always built multiple AP items in my builds. The now-removed "assist streaks" gave a lot of gold. The fact that carry supports are popular now is 50% due to just bandwagoning and 50% due to adc in 2k17 meta.
I imagine you could get away without NY Tengu if you used Mori -&gt; Sanada rather than Urd -&gt; Ares. The fully enhanced board probably makes up the 3x multiplier. Edit: Never mind, I didn't realize you use Ganesha to enhance anyway.
She's great for button press teams as an inherit. 100k true damage kills high defense monsters and trash monsters alike. She also creates a board that has a high chance of having 6 green orbs, so ALB/Dios teams can match a row.
But what language to write that program in?
When stamina is implemented correctly (i.e. not too restrictive, and not tacked on), it actually prevents players from getting burnt out and improves the players' enjoyment of the game. You can't just tack stamina onto any generic game and expect it to work; you need to build the game around the stamina system to have it be satisfying to the player. Puzzle &amp; Dragons is a very good example of a successful stamina system that lets players play a reasonable amount and creates a metagame of planning out stamina use, in addition to being monetization for the game. Stamina regenerates at 1 per 3 minutes, players generally have 200-300 max stamina, and $1 is a full stamina refill (although this is something that most players rarely purchase). Ranking up will also fully restore stamina, and so there is a lot of planning that goes into maximizing stamina use by ranking up at strategic times. Most dungeons cost 25 or 50 stamina to run. Some dungeons are challenging and take upwards of half an hour to play, while others are trivial to beat in less than a minute. So the player has flexibility in whether they want the stamina to last by playing hard, rewarding dungeons or whether they just want to burn it quickly to get lesser rewards. In fact, there are occasionally scenarios where you can earn enough XP from a dungeon that you can use rank ups to refill stamina and run it infinitely. While that seems nice on paper, it actually feels like a bit of a chore. It's nice when you do run out of stamina and then you can stop playing without feeling like you're wasting resources.
Linthia, Gainaut, Zaerog∞, Scarlet, Myr, Volsung, Nordis are the rogue descend bosses. These descends feature a mechanic where your monsters start at level 1 regardless of their actual level and level up throughout the dungeon. (Note the OSC is not a rogue descend). This OSC doesn't actually drop a random rogue boss, just Linthia, Gainaut or Volsung depending on which version of the dungeon you have.
Not exactly. Neither of those are really anything like actual programming work. Sure they're highly technical, but they play much more likely puzzle games than actual programming.
All of the solutions to the puzzles are utterly useless or trivial in the real world where you don't have the limitations in the game. To give you an idea, the hardest level in TIS-100 is a sorting algorithm. It's extremely difficult to do though because of the limited number of variables and lines of code you have.
It's different. It's like saying that instead of doing a crossword, you should just write your novel. Or instead of doing a Sudoku, you should just finish your calculations for your work. One is inherently a puzzle for fun, and one is actual work.
Events give one per day. Roughly 70% of days are event days. We also get a few more from gift dungeons and challenges. Weekly dungeons, descends, normals, technicals and coin dungeons aren't renewable sources of stones and you will eventually run out of them.
Korean Team vs Super Korean Team hype
Radra's hp and rcv are stupidly good. It's not as high as 4x hp and rcv from cross, but it doesn't require you to match the cross. That means 90% of content is completely brainless because there is no way they can burst you or whittle you down. With Myr, a single flubbed cross or orb trolled turn with no actives up against high level content could result in a failed run because the team is very squishy without the cross. Stalling is also extremely simple with RaDra. Myr has issues stalling while not dealing damage, because her damage is tied to her tankiness. Against weak stuff you can simply not cross, but some enemies will hit for ~30k and require the cross to not die. At that point, you run the risk of skyfalling a light tpa and killing the enemy or hitting the enemy into a rage zone and being one shot. In practice, there also isn't that much of a difference between 2.25x HP and 4x HP. 70k HP is enough for almost everything, since most of the powerful hits are in the 40k range. Relatively few monsters actually need you to tank 120k hits (Radar dragons essentially), and you can just bring Indra inherit for that. The main case where 75% shield is better than 2.25x unconditional HP/RCV is against &gt;100% gravities like MAthena's 150% gravity. In every other case I would prefer the 2.25x unconditional.
Archangel Luci or Vritra can also both button archangel.
Do you have an ancient blue mask?
Max skill. Plusses are one of the least important things for maxing a team (only thing less important is latents). Levelling, skilling, evolving, awakening all take priority over plussing.
This strategy of doubling down after a loss (aka Martingale) is terrible. You have a small chance to lose a huge amount of money, and a high chance to win a small amount of money. The expected value of playing is exactly the same as if you just bet the same amount each time (which is usually negative, because the games aren't fair), except the Martingale changes the distribution so that failure is absolutely catastrophic. It's the reverse of a lottery (high chance of losing a small amount, small chance to win a huge amount). While lotteries aren't a good idea either, they're relatively harmless because most people can afford to lose a small amount of money. The Martingale strategy has the potential to ruin lives for a relatively small potential payoff.
Neither are top tier but both have niche uses. AFA has 3 SB and a true damage nuke and SoC has 3 tpas and a massive nuke.
Yggdrasil has an extremely niche use for poverty Dios teams (as in, I've seen it used in exactly one guide).
Zeusdra OSC is already over, no?
Yep, I was using it to change between two devices several times a day at some point.
Added
Linadry would be a must purchase even without its passive (assuming it had a different passive instead). The mpen is so good for Zyra.
next time try to be born during a godfest
Remove the useless Lmeta inherit. There are almost no places in Arena where you need an instant unbind rather than a bind clear awakening, and the few that exist are usually executes that can be avoided. Yomidra's active is far too good to be replaced.
Oh and I forgot to mention that you should definitely have Haku on the team (replace Vritra or Castor). Preferably AHaku, or D/R Haku if you really value the god killer. Haku into Akechi is Luci's main burst board. It easily one shots anything in Arena (except DKali), and almost every single Haku Akechi board has a 6 combo solve that you can look up. I also don't love the fact that you have redundant spikes in AVritra and I&amp;I. Either replace Vritra or use a different inherit on your friend's Luci (look for Sonia or Akechi). Another heartmaker would improve your reliability quite a bit.
# SHURIMA WILL ONCE AGAIN STRETCH TO THE HORIZON
Yomi is the best, Kanna is a close second. Hanzo is above average. The rest of the golds are essentially the same as the regular pantheon versions. Tengu is probably the most useful silver egg. The rest of the silvers are basically useless.
I bet OP's parents didn't even reroll during a godfest
I am pretty sure we had 1 stamina dungeons before, but I forget for what.
Sounds like you prefer to run longer dungeons by yourself. That's not so uncommon; I'm pretty sure most people run Arena 1 alone. But that doesn't mean you can't play multiplayer. I hate running longer dungeons multiplayer unless I'm playing with myself on an alt or with a close friend. So I go on discord and find people looking for A1 DC runs (enter dungeon in co-op, but disconnect immediately with airplane mode). Or if you're running guerilla dungeons (like Tamas), you just create a co-op lobby rather than starting by yourself. Post the code to discord and you'll usually have a partner within 30 seconds. If you run a button team, there's no difference in how long the run takes. If you aren't, your partner might have a button team and you'd actually be saving time with co-op. This is all stuff you can do within your 15 minute breaks, while still saving stamina.
Mechdragons don't exist as special dungeons anymore. They're just 50 stamina technicals now. So what dungeon do you mean?
pretty sure you could have just beaten this dungeon with radra with less than 8 stones
Sure, ra dra doesn't exactly excel in no rcv dungeons. But I think you also discovered that Aizen doesn't exactly excel in this dungeon either. I'm almost certain Radra can clear MZeus with fewer than 8 stones. But without awakenings it's a different matter...
What other leads do you have? I'm having a hard time believing that Aizen really was your best team for this dungeon. It's not just poor RNG you had on the boss; Aizen really is just terrible for making 8 combos with 2 crosses. Almost any combo lead or non-heart rainbow lead probably would have been a better choice.
Rukia has an extremely easy time with this dungeon, assuming your team is even half-decent. Ilm might also be decent. Regarding the rest of the response... I'm not quite sure what to say. Play how you want to play, I guess.
He's a niche leader for his 7x6 leader skill and compatible pairing for rainbow leaders. Personally I think 7x6 LSs are going to be more valuable in the future as there are more and more ridiculous leader skills like Rei Myr that require huge amounts of board space to activate, but deal enough damage to compensate for the lower multiplier from the 7x6 leader. His active is a DKali active with jammers on a low CD. It's not amazing, but it works well when Aten is your leader (since the board is large enough you're still going to get enough orbs despite the jammers). The awakenings are extremely interesting. Aten gets 27x vs any triple type monsters, and at least 3x vs every monster. He is very bad vs any damage threshold absorbs, but I would keep any number of Atens just because of how situationally strong the awakenings are. Edit: &gt; "Is there any use for 2?" There's a use for 2 of any REM monster in the game. It's almost never a good idea to sell dupes because of how inefficient MP is nowadays (It's easy to farm MP from roguelikes, so the MP prices for the good stuff went up. But the MP from selling REM hasn't scaled accordingly).
This godfest only has a singled featured pantheon. Yes, it's at 4x but that's still really bad compared to a standard godfest with two pantheons featured at 3x each. The only draw to this godfest is the 5x featured GFEs, and it looks like you did quite well there so I'm not sure why you're upset.
You need Indra. Several of the radar dragons are significantly harder or impossible without him. You should try to have enough dark resists or HP to survive DQ Hera and Hera dragon without needing a shield active. It's entirely doable and will save you actives. Your latents will essentially all be either SDR or dark latents/HP latents. You're not going to survive 500% gravities, and there's no point trying to. Gaia dragon is extremely easy to kill during her first 7 turns. See http://puzzleanddragonsforum.com/threads/basic-arena-3-aizen-solo-guide.99927/ for more details.
Tbh the "hardest" floors in A3 are diza and zera. Diza's 10 turn 2 second debuff is just unreasonable and is very likely to result in dying to the tans. Zera is tricky since they're likely to bind all subs and then one shot.
Diao chan Tbh, the second team isn't bad at all. Guard break isn't the only reason to run a valk; 2 TPA and 7c awakening is rare on healers. DValk is basically just another RHaku for those who don't have 4 Hakus. The second team needs to inherit Ra onto DValk for predras, but it has the benefit of dealing 33% more damage to Radar Dragons and Kali because DC won't attack off a Haku board.
It's basically due to the [birthday paradox] (https://betterexplained.com/articles/understanding-the-birthday-paradox/)
That's technically true, but sometimes the distinction gets blurred. For example, wavedashing is essentially an arbitrary difficult sequence of inputs to perform a new move. It's technically a "organic" result of the two component moves, but the resulting action of wavedashing has nothing to do with short hopping (the goal is to remain on the ground, not be in the air) nor air dodging (there are no invuln frames at all).
Pretty much doesn't matter because it's just an inherit, but the higher HP uvo is slightly better for inherit stats.
You just took 91k damage?
It's not 5 pulls vs 5 rerolls. The difference between playing now and holding off 1.5 weeks for godfest is ~10 event stones, which is only 2 rolls.
Get your Zeus from God Rush and you wouldn't have to evolve it.
The combo count debuff would be clearable with a combo count buff (e.g. Kush active), just like how time debuff can be cleared with a time extend buff.
It's possible if people bring Gin Ichimaru leads and double orb move time actives and spend the entire combo time doing nothing.
You've never taken a probability course have you? Changing the number of papers to 10 and five 5s doesn't​ affect anything. Each paper is still equally likely to be drawn.
&gt; At no point was that even part of the argument or link. ... **There is no YOU in this entire scenario.** There are red shirts, blue shirts, and gold shirts. None of them have a face or a name. I aim a gun towards them and shoot. Im PROBABLY hitting a red shirt. ... Again - we are NOT talking about ONE SPECIFIC person... Your own comment: &gt; I understand the argument, I just disagree. **You ARE more likely to die wearing a red shirt then not.** Just because there are more of you, doesn't negate that if _someone_ is going to die, it has a higher chance of being _someone_ in a red shirt. Not one specific person, but, someone. There are two probabilities associated with dying. There's the probability that if someone dies, the victim is a red shirt. Then there's the probability that a red shirt will die. You are correct about the first one being higher but incorrect about the second being higher. You claim that you aren't making any claims about the latter, but half your statements imply that it's more dangerous to be a red shirt. To put things into perspective: there are billions of people without ebola in the world. Some portion of these people will die this year. This is a huge number just because of how many people there are in this group, but the chance is not as high. On the other hand, the number of people with ebola who die is not as high, but most of them will die of it this year. So by your arguments, you'd claim that "you are more likely to die without ebola than with ebola" (trying to use the same phrasing you did). Trying to spin it like not having ebola is more dangerous than having ebola is exactly what you're implying about it being more dangerous to be a redshirt.
You've conflated the two probabilities. You talk correctly about the total number of redshirts dying being higher, but then you interject a bunch of statements like "you are more likely to die in a red shirt than not" which are just false. You didn't "understand the argument" if you say something like that. I edited the above comment with some more context.
It's a joke. The inherits do require REM, but are probably the easiest part of the team to get. Deathpharion is notoriously hard to "farm".
Brave 2s are 25x unconditional with 4 seconds of extra time. It's amazing for newbies.
Preview of the buff: +150 atk, +50 rcv Added wood row and guard break awakenings
Art inheritance next
What team?
&gt; I wanted to floof dexodia. Get to humus and use floof for a kill board what language is this?
&gt; Does Samus actually hunt bounties? Sort of, it's the reason she exterminated the Metroids in the first place.
Oh snap
Gotcha, thanks.
Question about damage types: The item description for Sellsword Twinblades includes the line "The scimitars' sharp blades make for effective slashing attacks, but fare poorly against metal armor and tough scale-covered hides." Is this just talking about the fact that the weapon does "Slash" damage, and many armored enemies are resistant to Slash? Or is there a hidden modifier that makes it even worse than another Slash weapon that doesn't explicitly mention the weakness? And regarding weapon types, I would assume most straight swords would be Slash/Thrust, but many of them are listed as "Standard/Thrust" instead. What is Standard damage? Is that different from Slash? Is there any resource to see what damage types enemies are weak/strong vs? Or an intuition/rule of thumb to guess?
Fwiw, DAthena isn't as great as she seems. I bought her with 4 Hakus and a Loki, but still prefer to farm A3 with Kush or Aizen. DAthena has a bunch of problems that aren't usually talked about; like the fact that all the subs are bindable (and Haku's typing/color makes her get hit by like every bind in A3) and the team doesn't have any way to bind clear. There's a nontrivial chance of being skill bound by NoahDra​ too, after she binds a sub.
The first milestone is to make a team to just beat a dungeon. The next goal is to have a team to farm the dungeon consistently and mindlessly. Once this has been achieved, Ganesha represents taking the farming to next level, as beating it with one or both of the leads as Ganesha will boost the exp of the dungeon. tl;dr Having Ganesha essentially adds an Annihilation Plus difficulty to every dungeon with extra rewards. Very important for endgame players.
Deus ex machina and cosmo crusader are two just in the last week that use 4 dios as a suggested team. Though I'm sure that's just an optimization and you probably could use Avalon as a 4th Dios, but with slightly more work required.
Second haku is asmodeus another
Tbh, you can just skip DAthena and play Kush with those Hakus. I have an ideal team for DAthena (4 Haku, Loki, Ryune, Anaphon, Lumiel etc) and I regret buying DAthena. Revo Kush is more powerful and more fun to play. I always feel like I'm in control with Kush, since I can calculate damage exactly, and because the leads can clear binds. DAthena is prone to randomly skyfalling shit and the entire team can get bound with no way to bind clear on the leads. DAthena's only advantage is if you don't like comboing and want to play brainless pad. But as others have pointed out, this gets old fast. You basically get to trivialize most of the game to the point where it's boring, then get screwed hard by newer dungeons like the 3p old gods, with almost no middle ground in between. Idk if you're in need of a fast arena farming team, but that's DAthena's supposed niche. I personally still prefer to farm A3 with Kush (for fun) or Aizen (for speed). Don't bother with RaDra unless you absolutely love rainbow teams since he's worse and slower than both Kush and DAthena. Tl;dr: Kush &gt; DAthena &gt; RaDra
WTF, the light rows are gone? Literally unplayable.
I experimented with this before and I don't think it works out of auto range. The auto animation has to begin for it to work.
AFA Luci: add a second god killer
It's possible for them to arrange the board such that no combos match.
Replace Zuoh with Goetia and then you've actually got a nice team
Unconditional 49x though! I'd probably keep this team around for 1 TPA farming if it were actually possible to find goetia friends.
oh cool, TIL
Exiting as in app switcher, or exiting as in actually closing the app? If it's the latter, then that's the same on Galaxy S7e.
&gt; Navi levels of uselessness Navi isn't useless. At least, not until we get Raguel.
We get a totally free male hunter at the beginning of the event. We also get a female hunter for completing the collab dungeon challenge (I think with missing subs).
Dmeta is great because she serves two important roles in the dungeon. She is a damage sponge until the boss, tanking hits for Anubis and other squishy teams. Once she gets to the boss, the dragon killers on the team kick in and she's capable of one shotting Nyarlothep or hitting Cthulu to 5%. Just stack Tsubakis with devil killers and do some calculations to find a setup that does the damage you want.
No one wants to deal with the fire skyfall. Also, there should be no issue stalling on the first floor, which is roughly legend difficulty. Seriously most of the first floor spawns hit for ~10k.
Braid, the Witness, Desktop Dungeons?
Shivadra getting shafted? That's a moot point now, like saying Pterados isn't as good as Plesios. None of the MP dragons are good leaders right now. None of the four gentlemen are good leaders either. Why single out Shivadra as getting shafted when literally all the MP dragons are pretty bad leaders now? Ironically, in the end the much maligned Odindra is probably the most useful out of the original 5.
No, neither are worth it. Wait for a real godfest at the least, and you should also take into consideration that Monster Hunter collab REM is coming soon, which will be pretty good.
Aizen relies on double cross damage for all the radars except Heradra. That's a consistent 10-15m per sub. Scheat's TPA damage is great, but it's not at the same level of Aizen. I mention the damage because it's a big part of what lets Aizen deal with radar dragons without tankiness. You have to kill Hephdra within 3 turns or you die; Indra only lasts 3 turns so you need to burst NoahDra through her 75% shields; you can't tank Gaiadra's second raised arm hit, etc. I'm not convinced that a team without Aizen's damage can replicate his success against the Radar Dragons. Other than the issue of the damage not being even, I'm just saying the damage might just be too low to burst through the Radar dragons like Aizen does.
Same here. I remember struggling to activate him without time extends, and then finally becoming consistent with him when I pulled another monster with time extend. He's basically been untouched as a leader since I got newer leads, but I still occasionally use him as a sub on fire row teams to enhance Goemon boards.
You're supposed to stall first two floors in 3p regardless of whether Dmeta is involved. None of the long inherits (Indra, gemstones, gravities) will be charged for the boss unless you stall. No shit you can one shot early floors; most floor 1 spawns are legend difficulty. But you literally fuck everyone's clear rate by killing floor 1 and 2 early.
The "memo" might not actually apply. If most people on the server already have all the good pantheon 5 stars, then why not vote in the 6 stars? JP server has been around for much longer, they get more stones and better godfests, and their whales are much fatter. I'm sure most people in JP already have their Hakus and ALBs and are really just looking to whale on some 6*s to finish their collection.
Rip, raided by FBI
[[3264]]
Yes, he gets his full leader skill. Might not be the best choice for Cosmic Annihilation though.
Back in my day we used to cry about rolling silvers
