Just like any fed duelist / assassin.
July 29th is the release date of Windows 10. Since LoL is in a partership with Microsoft, I hope LoL will be optimized for Windows 10. :) Can't wait!
&gt; Two words: Please don't. We already have enough Gosu wannabes running around. QFT. Vayne top doesnt really work, especially because most of top laners can exploit Vayne's weakness. Also, her ward tp to a fight will be muuuuuuuuch less significant than a mega gnar's ward tp to a fight (or any other top laner). Hell, Vayne will get that cs rather than tp-ing to a team fight. My opinion.
&gt; I'm a support main that likes to support vaynes. They basically push you to your limits as a support to, you know, make you improve. "Think you can peel for me in this team fight? Ha watch this!" Flashes into enemy team. QFT. Been there so many times :O Is this for real? Lol
50 wins XP boosts OR x days XP boosts if you plan on not going outside.
How can you find out? Probably somewhere at 70-100 Euro. I regret nothing.
No, I'm from Romania and I didn't hear such things.
Check your email. Post what's in your email
How can you be real if our eyes are not real?
How can you be real if Jesus is not real? #JadenSmithTweets
Taric's new best friend. WOT IS THIS M8???
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEJ566EnNgM
...the How can you be real part from my original post is from Jaden :D But yeah, you're right.
Katarina Riven Vayne Shaco Blitz
http://eune.op.gg/summoner/userName=SaiyaJiin I don't think I can play worse than this but I'll give it a try.
because you had your fb account linked to your LoL account
The fifth tier of every division is like that. People there either dont care (because they can't be demoted) either are frustrated because they can't climb any higher and are stuck. The fifth and the first tiers are horrible as far as I know.
Gnar? His W will do % hp damage (in case cho stacks 6) and he will probably survive cho's combo. Also, his mobility (e) will allow him to dodge cho's Q I guess. Edit: Made the post clear.
Let's duo bro! I go ad soraka jungle.
As far as I know, no.
All in and no way back support? Annie?
more like Braum :)
To be honest, yes, I'd find It pretty useful.
I think its good how It is. The ability to memorize when your opponent will get the flash back on separates the smart players from the lucky but not so smart ones. My opinion. Edit: You can always use chat timestamps to remember things ;)
Modify? Do you know what bug smash is? Code modyfing. But adding an extra feature requires extra coding, coding which can break other things, not re-writing the whole thing, but wring new code lines for sure. Lets take this example, is there a code line that calculates the needed mana for a skill? Yes, there is (the one that makes your skill unavailable when you don't have enough mana). Is there a code line that calculates and displays in how much time will a specific skill be available if the cost is X , the current mana is Y and the mana regen per second is Z? I dont know. If there isn't, that's the part that needs to be written/added to the existing code. That will require extra QA testing, extra bug fixes, HQ approval for the final product. The time is a problem, HQ approval is a problem and if one of them is not right, the feature will not be added. But please tell me how easy is to add this feature and get it ready for live in 4 weeks.
On a serious note, do you know how much time you (as a company) need to create a champion? 2-3-4-5-12-24 months, depending on how complex the champion is. 6 a year is actually good.
Are these mobas as late in development as LoL? Please provide some evidence that other mobas release way more than 6 a year. Also, in year 1, Riot had all these champions as "work in progress" since 2006 (when riot was founded). LoL was released in 2008-2009.
No one cares about you and you're pointless as well, but look at you, being on reddit and stuff. Yes, we need.
Because it needs counterplay? How do you counter yasuo ult?
Use flash on Annie only if its followed by the summon of Tibbers.
My objective for this season is gold. I started in bronze 3 and now in silver 4. What's your objective?
There's a difference between questioning a misplay (such as.. why did you focus x instead of y, why didn't you back etc) and flaming because of a misplay. I dont think people leave because their misplay is questioned in a non-offensive way.
I think it's up to each summoner. To be honest, I don't mind being questioned about my bad plays (such as take two towers with fiora instead of fighting mid) and I answer in a serious way as to why I did that (I'm behind and useless in fight, I need the gold, the team needs the global gold etc). But I do understand your point, some might find that a bit rude.. being questioned and stuff. To be honest, that's all about ego, if you can accept that others are better or not.
http://www.reddit.com/r/BestOfBronze
Wait until you see Ekko in the LCS.
Ekko is banned almost every game in low elo.
Disable range indicator?
Options &gt; scroll down until the end &gt; uncheck range indicator. It's in the interface section if I'm not wrong.
Stop being racist man, I see Ekko even if he is black.
Fireworks, yay!
So your team can hard carry you or why? I dont get it. o.o
The selected AFK remains in game, dancing, or spamming ctrl 6. He will be blocked by gates and his summoner spells will be disabled tho. Just an idea. :P
I saw a 0/8/0 Nasus doing that.. he ended the game with 900 stacks and ended 10/8/x because everyone ignored him (including our team - he was in our team) for a while.
Isn't that duck randomly spawned ?
Check the patch notes. They said they tweaked the text a bit.
Server fart. Unless you lost MMR/LP, I wouldn't be bothered much by that. It's a common thing these days.
Jazz, electro swing or just electro house. Depending on mood. Never something calm.
Use the search feature buddy. No, you're not. it's a general thing I guess. We all seem to have that issue.
I once made a triple kill with Kata. My cat had to walk over my keyboard. Flash was lost in the process.
This is fake. If you're Vayne, you're not accepted in the team in the first place. :D
I want a Windows chat client that connects to League chat automatically, after I input my credentials once. I'd like it to allow me to see who is online, in-game etc without having to open the LoL Client.
Make R a skill shot and give W bigger range. As an Annie main, I'd like that. xD (so I can flash W instead of flash tibbers)
Just ban her if you don't like her. The obvious counterplay to her is banshee. She can't land her R, she dies pretty fast, just like any other assassin or mage.
Wonderful video! This makes me proud for being an Annie main.
Annie. I like kids. Pls don't judge...
I'm only 22! She looks like 19 to me. :(
Fragmentation maybe? Every new patch re-writes the files of the old one on your hard disk, which means that there could be some high fragmentation. Defrag your hard disk, it should get better afterwards. (I recommend SmartDefrag or something similar, not the default windows defrag) Edit: This is not a 100% working solution, just one that might actually work.
Apple$oft
You have a samsung monitor. Ugh
I don't understand why reddit community just throws downvotes without at least explaining why something is wrong. Thanks for explaining. I, sometimes start with sweeper + ward, to take out their wards from the bush I'm throwing skillshots, but not because I really want to do that, but because I'm low elo and usually forget to swap trinkets after sightstone. But that's just me. :D
Nidalee?
That could be useful in low elo. Make everyone troll me to have vision.
No. You're just a little spoiled brat that doesn't appreciate any work done and cries because not everything is how he wants. Stop being childish.
&gt; Game modes that they wont even bring back despite the cries of the community Which one? URF?
You can make a page for every champion. Or.. what do you mean?
What if I tell you it's a visual bug and it doesn't really stop? But yeah, OH NO ITS 0KB/S! Better restart it, that will fix it. /s
Server space? It will eat up server space just so you could kill bots, or your friends every now and then. Just like in dominion. No, not a good idea. Edit: Didn't they explain why they can't have these modes in customs?
LoL is not dead. It has 3 times more players than Dota2. What are you talking about? But yeah, jump ships, we have enough reddit scientists in LoL.
No, thank them for giving me something to buy. You don't thank the doctor that removed your brain tumor even if you paid 15,000$?
Na is the smallest server compared to euw, eune, kr, ch. I believe other servers make more money than murrican server and school is not over yet in these regions. Topic: Dates are fine. Riot shouldn't care if you were at school, have exams etc because done of us are not in school anymore and don't have exams either.
Q has some sort of cast range, and e, well, its the leash range of your soldiers I guess. I might be wrong, please correct me if i am.
If they say "chill", it's because you flame them or rage at them. You should really chill, regardless of game mode.
Here's a honest opinion as to why I dont give a damn: 1. I spend 5-10 minutes in the client, most of the times, I login, queue and play. Repeat that for 3-6 games a day, so the client doesn't really matter to me. 2. Replay system: There is op.gg, baron replays, lolrecorder etc, they all work fine, so I don't really need an official replay system that would work EXACTLY the same. 3. Crashes and leaks are part of every piece of software, nothing we can do about it, Dota 2 will probably crash on some laptops/PCs as well. 4. Bugs: There are several, in every game. They are simply not that obvious. The bigger the game, the bigger the bugs. 5. I play this game with friends, for fun and I still enjoy it. Move to dota2, I don't care about that either.
Go to your taskbar, click the volume button, adjust it. You're welcome.
Dominion IS fun, and you shouldn't let others ruin that for you. You should use this event in your favour, because the queue times are lower now. :) More dominion games for you!
bye. dont let the door hit you.
No, Runescape is clearly harder to keep bug free than League, because more players means much more stressed servers, more demands, more issues etc. But yes, Riot's QA department had a bad time lately and I agree with that. ... and to be honest, I don't care if Riot wants my money or not, (Which company doesnt, anyway?), I decide when and what to pay them and as long as it doesn't affect me in real life, why should I or you care? I don't care that &lt;insert cigarette company name here&gt; only wants your money and doesn't care if you die because you smoke, do I? Some people smoke, some people do drugs and some people buy riot points. You are not better than anyone and you're worth is pretty much the same as everyone else (nothing) to any company. Yes, I should really put my hate shoes on simply because you hate Riot. Mhm, that's gonna happen when I'll be sick of Riot.
OMG you're a true detective. Teach me master.
+++ I'm annoyed by these people.
Valve 1996, Riot 2006. Valve is a much more mature company, so it probably has more experience Yes, Riot has 3 times more employees than Valve, in 10 offices, not just 2 like Valve. That means, there are several employees working in QA, localization, sound, artwork etc in different timezones which create 1 big issue: communication. Communication between teams is crucial and I believe there's a big issue at Riot regarding that. Anyway, why do you try so hard to convince me to switch to some boring slow game? I don't want to play Dota, it looks and feels horrible in my opinion and very very very very slow paced. As I said, I don't miss or really want any of these features, don't lecture me on how a company cares about money or not, I said I don't need these features, what I receive for the money I pay satisfies my needs just as smoking satisfies yours.
Almost, the 0.5% of League playerbase which is on reddit will help them do that. /s
I have better ping than that using my phone's internet. Your internet sucks and the route it goes to rito servers is different than the one used by blizzard.
Good bye.
this is not /r/dota2
Another dota post.
&gt; You can only switch to dota and enjoy it Nothing related to the dota bs we're seeing on reddit, right?
IE &gt; Chrome. Let that sink in for a minute.
That's romanian music. Lolololol
That's something else. And yes, there are 700,000 people here while LoL has over 65M players as far as I know. Reddit's opinion doesnt really matter.
We gud bruh.
Volvo omg. i'm done
[Akcent - My passion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ay_fw54W2Fg)
The first one that reconnects unpauses the game. All of you got disconnected.
There's one made by Vice. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=of1k5AwiNxI
EUNE? Silver 4 noob here. I play decent, pm if interested. Also /r/teamredditteams
What to check ? antivirus didn't detect anything.
That's the spirit!
Fuck off with the dota crap. This is lol subreddit. Mods, pls...
Probuilds or solomid. My opinion.
Not having your ice cream money will teach them a lesson for sure
That's a classic!
Are you seriously going to ask for other MOBAs on a LoL subreddit? FOR REAL? Please stop with these posts, I can't report / downvote fast enough.
No, it's LeagueofLegends. Go to /r/gaming if you want to find other games. Simple as that.
Shame. Shame. Shame.
Here. Take this report
Do you play Dota2?
90%? Hahahaha. Based on what? Today, I did not encounter any league toxicity in ANY game.
That's why you dont understand. Dota players are as smart as a rock when it comes to LoL. I see what you're doing. Leave now please?
I played 7 games today, no issues, not even trolls or flamers. Should I play more before I find an unplayable game?
You do realize that they have 1000 employees in 10 offices across the globe, right? Each office do things unrelated to UI or gameplay, like localizations, PR, social media, esports and so on. Stop saying that bs, the numbers have nothing to do with the manpower of a company, on the contrary, it can slowdown every single project. Source: I work for a Gaming company as well.
I figured that out today. I can't wait to see them gone so we can get back to other topics.
I don't like Dota2, it's slow. I tried it. Go away now? Its a trash game, I would shift delete it because my recycle bin would be offended to send such a trash folder to it. Just GTFO in the threads in the dota section, there are shittons of LoL circlejerk as well there. Just use them, not our subreddit and let us stay with out greedy masters ok? Oh and "Dont try to make Dota2 happen, it's not going to happen". Not now, not tomorrow, nor ever. Go away.
Yes. As long as It works for me, i don't complain. Seems logic.
*dota 2 players are talking about dota on lol subreddit. Good night, have a great day.
See you in 3 days. Oh wait.. post history. I doubt you even played lol. GTFO please.
Shame
Them chills I get when I hear that voice and music!
U blind mate? This is /r/leagueoflegends SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME
Shame
Just stop playing for few days, do something else, then comeback. You'll see things different.
I can join. SaiyaJiin Silver 4.
ApropoTV.
I got fired because I failed to achieve what my boss wanted me to achieve not what was mentioned in my contract. (He asked me to sell a huge amount of pills to old people, more than my contract mentioned because he needed to fulfil a target for the team, I failed) I recovered with movies, junk food, positive music and long walks in the park. I did this for 3 days, then started looking for a new job.
Positive post. I like it. Don't let reddit upset you dude. Have fun :)
Clickbait. So people would click on the link. Would you click on something that says "meh play. any bronze 4 can do it but I'm the one who recorded it" ?
Finally! People keep questioning me why I build it on Gnar. Someone finally understands. Thank you sir.
Zhonya?
Add friend, connect.
Nice catch! I don't remember anyone pointing that out before.
Stay behind and kill everyone focusing the feeders or getting close to you. You know, use your team mates as human shields
Don't tower dive
Its free.
Well, people from the chatrooms refused to play several times.. they were just sitting in a chatroom. What can you expect?
I actually liked this event and i didn't care about the mundo skin. Fk me, right.png?
I know It was a Gnar jungle, but please help me understand this: Why botrk on Gnar?
That makes sense. Thanks. I guess I'm playing gnar as a CC tank, building only frozen mallet for 'damage' to use the W efficiently. ...and thanks for LCS reference, I wasnt referring to these builds anyway, most of the Gnar players I know dont build botrk, but thanks again for explaining. It helped me understand.
As in, you AA-QQ and the next AA will be cancelled? I don't understand what you're referring to. I played Gnar a lot and the only thing that annoys me is the cursor bug after changing from mega gnar to mini gnar while activating Q.
A penis. I kid I kid, she would need skills.
How do I stop this?
As far as I know, your queue time is based on what the captains are looking for and can be extended if they reject the pick. You won't see the team comp if they rejected you.. You won't even know if someone rejected you. I might be wrong
Thanks! Its confusing :(
How could talon not see her? O_o
Its a frog, not a bug.
Maybe it doesn't appear if you disable the range indicator. It has something to do with it. I have this problem every time when I play Gnar and I keep forgetting to disable range indicator.
Blocked due to copyright.
I did something like that several times. No one even said "GG". Why? Oh.. because I'm not dyrus, I forgot.
No, not at all. "I'm not a hater" should contain that as well. I just dont understand this subreddit, that's all.
I think that was a little bit over the edge. Next time I will strictly refer to me or people close to me. Sorry.
Annie jungle.
Yes, 80073cf6. How to fix this?
Why? You forgot to mention why this build would be better than a black clever + frozen mallet + tank items build, for example.
*Lissandra. Get her, she is fun.
Baronreplays are lighter on resources for me. I have a bad PC as well
The skill level increases though divisions but just a little. Silver 5 is similar to bronze 1 and 2, and Gold 5 is similar to silver 1. I climbed from b3 to s3 (atm) and I didn't notice a huge difference between these tiers. Yes, in silver 4 people tend to prioritize objectives over kills and ward more, but other than that, not such a big difference.
Annie, she is easy to play. If you want something harder, try Orianna.
Tbh, there are not so many MAJOR bugs in the current build. Yes, your phone will sometimes lag, do weird things and such, but nothing you can't deal with. Good luck!
Win10? Cancel all downloading, pending etc apps from your Store beta, restart you phone and try again. It worked for me for other app.
Ban what annoys you the most in your games, or what you can't seem to deal with. I usually ban Katarina, Fizz and Cho'Gath.
Yes. For example, I send champion select reports directly to support, then dodge.
Nice!
https://support.riotgames.com/hc/en-us/requests/new &gt; I have a question about league of legends Good luck
If you know him in real life, make some post-its with the basic things for him. Some friends helped me that way (reminder to buy wards, listen to pings, buy boots stuff like that). You can't do much to change his mentality in-game, try the real life route. Also, you should stop playing with him for some time and tell him why. :)
No. LoL didn't ask for permission to post on your wall, so there will be no post made by "you" or Lol on your wall asking your friends to join lol. I can add a screenshot if you want.
Common angry LoL player.
Draw a ward icon on a post it along with "Buy a ward, save a life" Buy boots , they get you going. Just 2 examples I had on post it. What you can do, is go at his place, play a game, get that "I am better than you" attitude (No sarcasm) and make few post its and stick them to his monitor. Tell him to not take them off, because these will help him get out of bronze and improve, and always look at them when he plays with you. Use your creativity with the post-its and make fun of the situation, it worked pretty good for me. One post it with me being buttfucked with the title "Bronze life" was a bit too much tho, don't do that. :D
Maybe something with "Let your support stand in front of you, he will do his best to protect you" should do it. Also "always follow your support"; "never jump in a fight first"
A little fun in 3 couldn't do any damage to a marriage, could it? Fun chat :D
Good luck with it :D I think it's the best way to remind someone something.. because tbh, I forget to do things as well while I'm game, and flashbacks with these post-its remind me of what I didn't do :D
I once said (while on Tilt) "report my ADC for being polish, feeding, flaming and AFK" and I didn't get banned. The reports are filtered and unless you were racist (like racist.. not just little poisoned arrows), you will not be banned.
No problem. We all have THAT friend.. and if we don't, we are THAT friend. :D - Liviu 2015
No, you don't have to add anyone. Just connect with facebook and you're ready to go.
Server fart. You're not the only one. Unless your internet is down
I guess they didn't want to talk about Shurima's Legacy..
Is it acceptable to be banned because one of your team mate got banned as well? There's the answer.
&gt; I just feel like I can't have a decent ranked game on Sundays, I usually can't stop after first loss, but today after a horrible game, I successfully stopped. This happens every Sunday. :( It's not an excuse, I just wondered if for me it's a bad day, or it's a common thing. Apparently, it is a common thing. And when I'm on the winning team, the next game I will probably be in the losing one. Here is an example: http://postimg.org/image/gp06komoj/
It does. What do you mean?
Indeed! But... what does it mean? :o
He's cute and hid in a bush next to Garen. Wasn't Gnar frozen by the watchers? As far as I know, he wasn't killed.
Nice!
Song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfJ7GNLax0U version used in mix: https://soundcloud.com/crowell/crowell-bommer-yasuo-vip#t=1:11
"false positive" or "false alarm" is when antivirus software identifies a non-malicious file as malware. I believe your antivirus detected riot's hackshield which is coded into the client and sometimes detected as a virus.
Contact support to remove them from your account if you don't need them.
His soldiers are like mini ADCs, so yeah.
Server? I'm silver 3.
Fizz, Yasuo, Vayne.
Did you buy any of them? If not, then the answer to your question is yes.
Yeah, that. So he didn't really die.
Every game with people from my team speaking polish in chat. My PTSD triggers and I panic. #justeunethings
ADC players should do this more.
Banhammer.jpg
Yes, Cortana works fine on 730.
1st of July. Use the search feature please.
it had to be asked....
Vaynes killing team mates for gold incoming....
Meanwhile... I can't get out of silver..
Why cant i use hydra with fiora's R?
Annie / Orianna
i like nutella
It's called hotfix. They already do that.
RP showed up instantly, but I didn't receive a confirmation mail. something is wrong
Summoner Name: SaiyaJiin Server: EUNE Willing to: Get Adopted Division: Gold 4+ (Still playing ranked) What I want to learn: I want to learn how to jungle and how to be a better support. I have no idea how to jungle and how to gank. As a support, I'm fairly good, but I'm looking to improve this field as well. (Can provide replays as well)
&gt; Why do you visit? for League of Legends in-game content, news, discussions. No LCS/eSports. &gt; What types of content do you want to see, and why? Content created by the league of legends community (such as plays, funny videos, informative videos, and so on), guides, game related news and announcements, relevant game discussions. &gt; What types of content make you not want to visit? eSports content. I do not like seeing 30 posts about huni going to who knows what team, about TSM's new top laner and so on. I do not mind game discussion topics during the lcs weeks. I do not mind seeing eSports videos and plays, but please, for the love of Ao Shin, let's stop talking about other eSports off season stuff, or make a megathread about it and redirect everything there so I don't have to downvote 50 posts or logout. &gt; If you were running the subreddit, what would you do? Continue the good job you are actually doing, plus, create more megathreads for spammy topics so a regular redditor like me can clearly see what he is looking (or not looking for) on the front page without reading 5 titles about the same topic. Also, allow server issues posts. They are spammy, i know, but when there is a real issue (such as the UPC ISP login issue), people should be allowed to rant in a controlled and moderated topic. This will get me downvotes for not wanting to see eSports spam here, but whatever. I expect nothing less. There is no real "you can have an opinion" here.
Gnar E, then spam laugh and mastery emote.
Eh, the sad moment when I realize I'm not nice enough for people to give me free stuff. :( Nice one mate!
For some reason I imagine Jhin like ekko. Some short dude with a lot of damage. Or Gnar, some cute little thing that eviscerates the enemy team. But then again, I'm 165cm at 23 yrs, so I think I try to imagine everyone just as short.
What does BM (except black magic) stand for ?
Probably at the middle of January.. and judging by the PBE cycle, I'd say when the 6.1 hits the servers. (~10 days, give or take)
Thanks. Fair enough, it would probably be the respawn animation when you just ignited someone and you're sure he's about to die near you. Combine that with mastery emote and you get me tilted.
Well.. QSS to get rid of the root so you can get away, fight back with skill shot because you can cast stuff while rooted, early flash, stun, silence or just don't get in his range. At least this is how i play vs ryze.
As gay as this sounds, you can't tell your heart and soul who to fall for. You can control your emotions because you are a man, indeed, but it will crush you inside for a while. If I'd be in your shoes, I'd take this girl, meet my friend and tell him that you love each other. It will hurt for him, but if he's a real friend or somewhat mature, he will forgive it. It's better if he finds out by himself. Question is, did she fall for you as well? If for any reason the answer is not yes, then do not tell your friend until you are sure about her feelings, or just forget her.
Not my ex, but someone I had a huge crush on. We also had an amazing sex night (only one, unfortunately, because she had to leave the country the next day): [Zedd - Spectrum](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsuVMdnF8A0) She sent me this song after she left. Crushed my soul at that time. Edit: Added this because I have no song that remind me of my ex.
Who said i used it as a negative thing? It can be misinterpreted, indeed, but i didn't mean it as a negative thing. More like, girly, and a girly guy can be associated with gay. Nothing bad here in my opinion.
Getting a bj from a guy. I wasn't really embarrassed, more like, scared of what others might think. So I just didn't tell anyone. I'll delete this in the morning before some people stalk my reddit account. :P
Lets not do a debate. Ill just say this: Im sorry if I offended any gay man with my post. Pm if you want to debate
*changes name* *moves to a different city* y u do this
Tried it 3-4 years ago, makes the cleaning part even harder for me. I still do it from time to time but I'd rather keep that effort to minimum. :P
Friendzoned. But define hook up. Does it involve sex? Because then my hookups and dates are pretty much the same.
You mean, it doesn't go up from 2? Because mine showed 7 today and it worked normally.
Yorick. Just spam ghosts to annoy the enemy adc. Build a tear tho.
165cm skinny dude. Very realistic. I just want her to like my out of the ordinary humor and weird past, not be much taller because that would be weird, and not fat (nothing against fat girls, feminist please dont hurt me) because it wouldn't be right for me. Just as some (if not the most) girls don't like short skinny dudes, thank god there are many things that compensate my height. Pretty face and feet are a huge plus as well. Don't care about tits &amp; ass, I have a thing for face, legs and feet. (Not a feet fetish, btw) ... but then again, I do not date, I just have some friends with benefits and that's pretty much it. I don't have time / patience for an actual relationship or dating.
The sex is different, for sure. Warning, douche bag material below. I'm a nice guy tho. From my short experience, the gorgeous girls could make me go for a second run right after I came, I was more sexually aroused by them, but they weren't that... mad about my cock. On the other hand, the not so attractive girls were wilder and more dedicated to me, worshiped my cock and everything that came out of it and that's just mind blowing for me, but, after I came I was never able to go for a second run, I wasn't that aroused after having an orgasm. I was once curious why this happen, just as you are now, and directly asked them, the not so attractive girls can't get sex anytime they want so they make the best of every occasion. It makes sense I guess.
There goes my plans. Well, i'd better get my speech ready.
Nah, just had a wilder pre-20. Once i got to 20 and switched city all the action was gone.
While it happen, I was fine, mindblown, amazed, I felt relaxed and safe especially because it was a new experience. After I left I started thinking about what others might think so I simply asked the dude to not give any specifics to anyone and I kept my mouth shut as well. Thats when panic, fear of being judged / misunderstood and shame kicked in. Edit: I still talk to that dude after so many years. Kinda fun guy, I like to have fun people around me. :P
With the new champion select coming soon^^TM, there's no need for this.
Maybe, but you'll be able to pick your champion before getting to the champion select, also your role, so people will be aware of what champion you might want to play, therefore count or not count on you to trade with them. The reasons you mentioned are good, but not frequent at all. That doesn't happen on a daily basis, and with the new champion select, that frequency will be even lower in my opinion.
On the contrary, it doesn't. That's why I said it's not frequent at all. I know that dia+ elo is faaaaaaar more complex than g4-plat elo and counter-picking exists there, and indeed such issues can be frustrating, but here, in low elo, we're playing our best champions regardless of what the enemy picks. For example, I had to top vs a yasuo, and my only worthy champion for top lane is Gnar. Yasuo counters Gnar and in high elo I doubt anyone would pick Gnar into Yasuo, but it is my best champion and i proceeded to go 6-0 against him. As for trades, I don't do trades, because I'm either first picking my mid lane annie, my top lane gnar or my support bard/thresh without caring too much about what the enemy has, since I already know the matchup and how to play it. I'd say.. let's give it time and see what the new client and champion select have for us, and how our issues will be solved. And yes, I do understand what benefits could this bring, and I agree with your points, but I'm trying to provide a different perspective here.
On the contrary, I'm a somewhat popular dude (due to my youtube channel) but not so good looking. But that's not a reason to get attractive women, I have plenty of features that compensate the looks, which do not include my job, passions or bank account. I did find the guy attractive, but not in a... omg i wanna do him way, more like, he looks good, much better than me, lucky him. I can appreciate when a dude looks amazing without any sexual thoughts. Then, it all comes down to the circumstances, I'll give you a bit of background (long story). I was alone after a harsh breakup and emotionally damaged (as damage as a 19 yrs old short dude could get). In short, the girl left me because I'm not a gym type guy for a better guy (body-wise at least) and it was too much for me to take so I decided to stay away from everyone, and not affect anyone with my drama, sadness, especially because no one ever saw me sad, not even at funerals. I spent some nights alone, at a bar and made a couple of friends there. I didn't know much about them, but for some reason I shared my story with them and we became drinking buddies even if I don't drink much. One of them was this guy, after we shared a couple of stories he came out clean that he is gay, told me about his bad relationships with both women and men. I wasn't bothered by that so I did share my main story with him (regarding this girl). After a couple of hours of sobbing, he invited me at his place because he would like to sleep with someone, being tired of staying alone. Without taking into consideration that he is gay mostly because I was sure about my sexual orientation, I said yes. We just played xbox games the whole night, ate junk food and slept. Just 2 normal dudes doing normal things. What I didnt know is that he felt guilty. He was a gym type guy (bottom if it matters) and he felt that he took something from me (and possibly other guys like me), the girl that is. One night he told me this thing and said it was about time to get something from someone of his kind, and proceeded to touch my leg. I was so confused yet aroused that I didn't tell him to stop or push him away, and he noticed my raging boner (that's where my hormones went all crazy and my brain.exe stopped working). He asked how would I'd feel bad about him going down on me. I didn't say anything because I was basically frozen and could not understand what is happening. He did unzip my pants and did what he wanted to do, it felt so good that I actually joined the game and enjoy the moment. He asked again if I feel bad about it and if I want him to stop. Now, who on earth would ask someone to stop giving you a bj? Not me, I was just mindblown by how different and good it feels compared to what I was used to. You can guess that I stopped only when I was done, which took awhile. After I left, I felt a couple of things (like shame, panic, fear that he'd gossip to his other gay friends about it and get hit on etc) and I was worried about what others might think, but being uncertain about my orientation was never an issue. Days passed, we kept hanging out (with no sexual thing involved), introduced him to a couple of my friends (without mentioning that he is gay or that he gave me a bj) and we remained friends until this day. To answer your questions, no, I did not have any homosexual experiences after that, but he did tell me that if i'll ever want to taste more of his world, to simply not look another dude because they are mean to people like me and it will be very unpleasant, but look for him instead and tell him directly what I want, because he will deliver mostly because I gave him what he always wanted, a friend that could accept him for what he is, not for how he looks like. I was never curious about anything to this day, but I will always remember the time we spent together. It wasn't just about putting my dick in a hole, it was more of a bromance that didn't end yet, we just don't fuck and he respects my decision. Maybe it is not safe for me to post this, but this thread made me realize that there's nothing to be ashamed of, so whoever is reading this, I got my speech ready. :P
Glad you like it. :D
I'm romanian. If that answers anything. Things evolved since it happen tho.
I have no problem with that. :P You never know what is hidden deep down in my subconsciousness.
This http://prntscr.com/9lx632
Kass - i locked him without knowing anything about the champion except that RoA is good on him. So I just bought the recommended. =) And bard.... questionable. I build whatever feels annoying / frustrating for the enemy team especially if we have a consistent lead. Hence the 6/8 winrate in ranked. Why no locked ? Because I felt like the enemy APs were no threat to us..and trundle said he'll get it. So yeah. But to give a reason as to why I'm building rfc: It extends my auto attacks and empowers them, which are already empowered by my meeps. So the first auto on anyone will actually hurt a lot. Where you don't see it in my build it's either because 1. I didn't have enough damage on meeps to make use of it, 2. the game was close and there was no room for experiments, 3. The ADC needed special attention and required a mikaels, aegis etc. You should try RFC bard, it is fun. :) FH - Their riven and yasuo were quite annoying and focused me. A lot. The bonus CDR helped me, the armor as well, but the 400 mana was wasted. Rylai: Meeps slow, rylai give extra slow, Q slows, rylai gives even more slow, then you also have the fqc for even more slow. It's an item that I pick simply because I want to be frustrating. I do understand your points, especially the pink ward thing, which frustrates me the most because I keep forgetting about them, and the CS part.. I just leave the place to not die again.
No, not doing that unless she actually makes the first move. Then, yes, I'll take that as a confirmation and proceed to sex her.
...but why did I build it? Once it was on a top lane Bard and once it was on a support bard with no other AP items. o.o
I'd just wish that my future kids will be proud to have a dad like me. I don't plan to have kids yet, too young, and I don't really like them, but deep down, I know I could be a great dad. I just want them to feel the same. Too much ?
Good music. Music helps me bounce back to the real world and triggers my god complex when I'm down.
I know. I was somewhat drunk when I posted that last night. Maybe alcohol amplifies the paranoia.
Yup, nothing wrong with that.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remote_procedure_call TL;DR: It's a critical process of windows, do not disable it. &gt; Microsoft Remote Procedure Call (RPC) defines a powerful technology for creating distributed client/server programs. The RPC run-time stubs and libraries manage most of the processes relating to network protocols and communication. This enables you to focus on the details of the application rather than the details of the network. &gt; RPC can be used in all client/server applications based on Windows operating systems. It can also be used to create client and server programs for heterogeneous network environments that include such operating systems as Unix and Apple. If you are suspicious about your PC being infected with a virus, you should use an antimalware software to see whats going on.
No, I think i bought it twice only. I think it's safe to assume it was an experiment. For some reason I thought that some extra HP, AP and some extra slow could actually be worth 3.2k. That and the fact that I REALLY love Rylai as an item.
I'm not really into kissing, I'm submissive and will follow her when the kissing part kicks in. I just don't enjoy tongue action that much and if I can avoid it, I will. If someone would tell me what I should do to make the kissing pleasant for both of us (I will still eat garlic, okay?), I'd probably be much more open towards it.
I'd tell her that I like diversity, and different doesn't mean worse, and less experienced is not a bad thing for me either. It is actually good because I can teach her things if she is willing to listen and explore her body.
Try jgl AD bard. He is not just a support. Dont ever say that.
The problem with that is the community my friend, not Lyte. YOU go Thresh mid and feed, not Lyte, also, YOU are toxic, not Lyte. You should reconsider your choices and instead of exploiting / bashing the system, you should exploit yourself and make yourself a better person.
I doubt that. But then again, if its a normal game, who cares.
Yes, I expected doom bots for halloween. I was quite sad they didn't make it happen.
I agree with you on that, it depends how realistic your expectations are. Zilean mid, doesn't seem like a meta pick, but if you play it a couple of times you can ruin anyone's day on mid lane. Same for ADC soraka (well, didn't try it jgl). With a tear, BT, statik and botrk I was able to keep my support alive all the time with the heals from life steal (and destroyed the enemy kalista) It all comes down to the mindset (yours and your team mates), just as you said.
Why don't we have a zhonya for AD? There is QSS, indeed, but it doesn't make us untargetable for a couple of seconds. (2.5?)
Master Yi. I'd just fuck him with his sword dealing true damage to his internal organs while making his stupid "hgh hgh hgh" noises then masturbate to his dead body. I just hate that champion that much.
For sure there is, but I'm unsure if Riot's balance team can find it or if they think that what we have now is the middle ground.
Short clip. IT IS A SHORT CLIP NOT SMALL! :@
Uhm... no. Are you sure he is not lying? In general, men (gay or hetero) love sex. There is no "I don't really enjoy sex", not for me at least.
Some men can't have sex properly while drunk, because "it" doesn't get up. That's a different thing. I avoid having sex while drunk as well (sometimes...) but if it happens, I enjoy it. Others might not enjoy it so it is possible.
Is the person that masturbates a girl or a guy? Girl -&gt; No problem, I'm flattered that she finds me hot/sexy/appealing. If she tells me about it, i'll send her a dick pic or whatever she'd like to see. Guy -&gt; No problem, I'm flattered that he finds me hot/sexy/appealing, but please don't tribute me. :/ If he tells me about it, I'll send him a dick pic only. The level of attractiveness is irrelevant, I'm not having sex with them, they are having sex with their hands thinking at me which is a different thing.
No, I never used one. I got a friendly tip from some HR friends, they barely read your blah blah from your resume, they look quickly at your education, skills and past jobs in related fields. Make sure you only use relevant info in your resume, because nobody cares if you like to paint unicorns but you're applying for a lawyer position. Nobody cares that you love nature, sports, movies, that you do charity or stuff that is not relevant to the position you're applying for. Keep it short, simple and on-point, HR loves stuff like that because they don't have to waste much time reading your stuff. The first step in getting hired is to make HR interested in your resume and interested in meeting you. Making their job easier is a good starting point. But then again, IF creativity is required for the position you're applying, art related passions are considered to be creative, and can be relevant.
I don't think you can have a successful marriage without a decent career. Marriage will lack things, like vacations, trips, parties. Staying home with the loved one 24/7 aint one happy marriage, and without money that comes from a decent career, you aren't going anywhere. (Assuming that SO is on the same level and not some rich girl). So I'd go for career.
I wear boxers, shorts or nothing. Because I can, not because someone told me so. I don't think it's weird and it shouldn't be weird at all. These trends are stupid, no one can tell me what underwear I should use.
Your cock and your hand will become good friends. Whatsapp, skype, facebook can get you closer (not physically but you get the point). You might want to get something to do with your free time until she comes back.
That login music! HYPE HYPE HYPE! I'm shaking! Well done Riot music team! Stunning piece of soundtrack.
@RFC: Don't tell bard players how to bard. Do not question their decisions. and RFC is fun on bard.
Yeah. Average size (? dunno how big or small, never checked that, and some said it's medium sized, others said it's large so I'll just say it's average), but it looks very good.
A woman that **tells me** that she has a penis preference is a woman that I would never date. Not because I might not fit in that preference, but because that preference might change over time and the bitch will cheat on me for a bigger/smaller dick. On the other hand, women have the right to like or dislike a type of cock or it's size, I am not entitled to judge them for that or their preferences, therefore, I don't have an opinion about them. I don't think they are size queens or that they have larger/looser vaginas. I just wouldn't involve myself into something serious with a woman that has a penis preference, even if I fit in that preference or not. One night stands? Sure, no problem, but nothing serious. Sorry for my poor Englando.
Is your boyfriend depressed? Unhappy about his job? Unhappy about the lack of free time for his passions? Are you trying to offer him sex too late in the night? Are you yelling at him? Did you by any chance make him feel like he is not making you happy? The porn thing should not worry you, it's just porn and he knows it. Jacking off at the right time can be better than having sex at the wrong time. Did you ask him what is wrong and what he would like to do to fix the issue? Sex all the time is not what all men want, for example, right now I just want to finish my vodka with cola and play League of Legends. You could be anyone and I'd still turn down sex because I had a horrible and annoying day at work. I've been in a similar situation as your bf, I could tell you more things, but first you should answer some of these questions.
Meh, just don't care what some bronze dude is saying. Or challenger for that matter.
I forgot to mention the part you just mentioned. If its changing and abused and looked like begging.
For some reason I read that as "I'm in" which would make the gay porn part even better. Send me quality stuff also.
I rarely cry, because I'm generally happy, but if something happens and I need to cry or I feel like crying, yes, I cry wherever I am. I don't care if someone seems me. I'm not falling in that "men aren't supposed to cry" category.
I play games for money.
Yes, check my comment history because I'm too lazy to copy pasta. Or this thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/3zbr34/whats_the_most_embarrasing_thing_youve_ever_got/ Posted there.
My opinion right there. I use protection all the time so even the no condom thing is off the chart. Discussing what I like is also bullshit, because she might not be into that, or I might not be into what she likes, leading us to nowhere. Better have sex first, then talk. (If it's worth talking about it)
No, I don't. I feel satisfied and my ego is pumped up.
Hah, good luck finding a girl that is much shorter than 165cm (5'4''). I don't know.. all of my girls were between 163cm (5'3'') - 191cm (6'2''). Am I doing the american conversion right? :$
These questions are too weird. Men have different tastes in women and their features, we don't like the same things, for your husband short hair might be unattractive, but to me, if it looks good on you, it's a turn on. It is not normal, but not weird either, as I said, it's up to preferences. Besides, it will grow back in a couple of months, and by that time, he'll already get used to it.
Well.. if you feel good with it short, go for it. Who knows, he might even love it?
I don't do anything special. Everything happens naturally. Isn't that how things work? I mean, you guys plan to be funny, or sexy or stuff? Aren't you just....you know, something overrated called "natural" ?
No pre-season is a mistake. Imagine all these changes come directly into the season when some are actually trying to climb. How angry would people be? I believe the pre-season is very good for experimenting things, like masteries, new builds, champions and so on.
Let him have his moments of glory.. before he gets put back into the trash can.
Hah, wait until they nerf him. Will you still love bard? This happen with veigar before. FOTM people everywhere.
Doom Bots Ascension ...and URF, obviously.
i'm famous!
C9 flair. Seems legit. Nice b8 m8 i r8 8/8.
After a couple of days it gets boring. That's why featured game modes are a thing, they come once a year, are fun, then go back to the vault. Keeping poro king would either kill aram, or the game mod itself.
This country, as in, Romania. The mass movement of young people (who normally dont vote) was done through facebook, to avoid having the wrong president. (similar to donald trump issue). Then, after a disaster, a movement against the parliament and prime minister was initiated through facebook. The prime minister quit the next days and the parliament members were changed. Im not sure how much power the internet has in America, but here, I like to believe that it does have a lot of influence. Its just sad that we don't start movements before tragedies happen.
I do that all the time. I feel nothing. Just bugs annoying me, nothing more. I took a life? Yeah well, so did God.
"When I see that beautiful cock of yours I will deepthroat it like no one ever did". This fits in "dirty text" thing? We weren't sexting, just talking to a female friend that I was about to meet after "long time no see". Edit: Was this a bait that I did not notice? :/
Don't do hard drugs - thats an achievement nowadays. There's nothing that you should really do before 18, just enjoy the little things in life.. until you get a job and everything goes to shit... then back to normal.
Yes.. I "helped" someone cheat, and I used someone to cheat as well. No, I didn't tell her SO, it is not my business and she knows better why she's still with him, but slept with me. Relationships can be complicated, maybe they have intimate issues, maybe there's other things going on. I am not entitled to end a relationship even if it might seem like the right thing to do (at least for that guy that seems like a nice guy). Telling someone the truth can be the wrong thing to do sometimes, even if it feels so right. Edit: I'm not a douchebag. I just dont get involved in other people's business. Let them live their beautiful lies. Who am I to take that from them?
Someday.. you might get caught in a situation. Your SO can't offer you sex due to a medical issue or other issues, but you really really really need sex because the hormones are taking over you and you snap way too much. What you do, you break up with the guy you love so much or have a one time thing just to get rid of the sexual tension? (assuming you already discussed the issue)
Bring it up to your gf and suggest swinging? For sure, there are bi-gay couples (Top bi, bottom gay, or the other way around if you want to bottom). That way, you could have your fun with a guy, but she also gets a free pass with another guy, which in my opinion is fair and solves the issue. Edit: or cheat.
Vacuum. (I assumed you mean sink)
Whats wrong with that? Being a bitch or bitchy is fine and some of us actually like it.
Inb4 this is Viktor's creation
Jesus, what a dumb clickbait title.
No, it's not weird. The desire to have sexdates will most likely come later on - once you're fed up with all the drama that comes with a relationship at this young age. You shouldn't feel less of a man, it's perfectly normal.
Virtuoso 1.a person who has special knowledge or skill in a field. 2.a person who excels in musical technique or execution. 3.a person who has a cultivated appreciation of artistic excellence, as a connoisseur or collector of objects of art, antiques, etc. 4.Obsolete. a person who has special interest or knowledge in the arts and sciences; scientist; scholar. TL;DR: Virtuoso is Jhin's title, description, whatever.
He jacked off to illegal porn. How are we supposed to know if these are just leaks and nothing regarding his background was released?
I think it will go pretty well with Rabadon's Deathcap, void staff, wits end and a rapid fire cannon. My guess is that Jhin is some kind of hybrid melee adc that deals mixt on hit damage. On a serious note, how are we supposed to know what he'll do considering that we don't even know one single skill, scaling or background story? Reddit, these cringy threads are getting out of control already.
Dunno. I started playing a year ago, wasn't here when Vel koz was released. But on a serious note, companies do leak stuff to create hype, so why wouldn't this even be possible? :P
Yes yes, that. Headshot as in, sniper thing shooting zed in the head. I didn't remember the name of Cait's R.
Dunno man. I'm G4, duoq with Plat 5 and playing with and against plat 5. This is the most toxic elo I've encountered so far. But if D5 is even worse... do I even want to climb? :p
Hi, Maybe I can give you a bit details on that. (long post) I use a low end laptop (if it matters) to play league, and often, even if I'm looking at my champion and press ctrl 2 (for example), his line will not be heard but the animation will go through. Lets take Blood Moon Thresh (because I encountered this last night) for example: Quote is: "Ever seen your soul? Would you like to?" OR "You're falling apart. What to do with the pieces?" and Thresh drinks souls (or a new type of cola) from his lantern. Well, sometimes, after spamming (ctrl 2, wait for it to end, ctrl 2 again) the taunt while waiting for jungle minions to appear so I can leash for my jungler, the lines will not be heard, but the sound of Thresh drinking souls IS heard. So, we see a thresh not saying anything and suddenly drinking from his lantern. Not cool. Also, this happens too often and it might have something to do with emote spam and low end PCs / Laptops. I also noticed this: 1. Move your camera somewhere else, lose focus of your champion. 2. Trigger a taunt / joke / dance / whatever. Notice that you might not hear the taunt / joke / dance / whatever 3. Press space to re-focus on your champion while the line is still being said. Notice that you still don't hear the taunt / joke / dance / whatever In my opinion, if your camera is somewhere else and you trigger a VO line, when you re-focus the camera on your champion, you should hear whatever is left of that line. Lets say that Karthus suddenly says his champion select quote in a room (assuming that Karthus is alive in real world) and you walk in 3 seconds late, you will only hear "..peace. Every passing has a beauty all its own." instead of "Agony, ecstasy, peace. Every passing has a beauty all its own." Do you think you could do this in league?
Great... now I just need to figure out my long lost and forgotten NA lv 5 account to try this out. :/
Give the op gg of the gold 3 9 lp and plat 5 33 lp please. edit: Fuck your downvote mate, I want to see if the gold 3 has silver 7 win rate or not.
Its good for me as well, I no longer have to pick with which friend i duo. I can queue will all of them. I dont think there will be any real difference in my ranked experience, just that i will be able to not have to queue with polaks and see someone constantly flame me for taking the blue he wanted for his devourer stacks.
I believe you are toxic af. Just from thid post. The screens mean nothing, because thats what trigger the ban, but to get banned several game chats are taken into consideration.
I only have 2 other friends that play the game. What do i do? You: Go play ranked 3v3. Me: But we want to play on SR. You: Go play normals then. Me: But we want to play ranked. You: You dont always get what you want. Me: Oh look! Dynamic Queue! Now i can play with my 2 friends ranked, on summoner rift!
Soooo... After smoking a cig, going out for 10 minutes and drinking a glass of Vodka with cola I pressed reset code to give it one more try before I alt f4 code academy. I did this: def rental_car_cost(days): if days &gt;= 7: return 40 * days - 50 elif days &gt;=3: return 40 * days - 20 else: return 40 * days ... and it worked. I feel stupid for making things complicated in the first place. Anyone got the time to explain why my initial "code" returned an error? "cost" wasnt defined or what ?
File "python", line 18 SyntaxError: 'return' outside function That doesn't work. I see that there are no 4 spaces before return cost. I'm not sure how important that is.
I think codecademy doesn't want me to think outside the box. Or it's slightly bugged. I have no other source to learn things and practice them at the same time so I must stick to it until I get enough info and move to something more advanced and not user friendly. Basically, codecademy teaches you the most basic things using test cases and is newbie friendly. Until yesterday I had no idea what elif is and how to use it. The code I wrote in the original post didn't work, but this one worked: def rental_car_cost(days): if days &gt;= 7: return 40 * days - 50 elif days &gt;=3: return 40 * days - 20 else: return 40 * days Is there any real difference between this and what I wrote in the OP? In a real coding scenario. Aren't both methods pretty much the same ?
My guess is this: Codecademy is 'coded' to only accept the standard solutions. For further issues, is there an interpreter online that I can use to test if something is wrong with my code or if codecademy doesn't like it?
v3 it is then. Thank you very much!
No. Ranked resets on 20th of January.
In about 2-3 weeks.
So... I I get first win 3 minutes before the reset, I should get it again after the reset? Just play bots if you want the first win, fast &amp; easy. Or Dominion. I think it's fine to get that bonus once at 24 hours, and if you miss it the next day, the hour its available will be changed anyway.
Turn off auto updates? I did not encounter this bug, using 10 since tech preview.
Every woman will say she isnt available for sex dates. Thats one big fat lie. They just don't want others to think that they are whores (for some reason some women think that having one night stands or casual sex automatically turns them into whores), but they do want sex. They just don't know how ask for it without looking cheap. I don't visit dating sites but "Lequisha, would you mind inspecting my erect penis by performing a mouth bath?" sometimes works.
To that I have some words I live by: Death is horrible.. but the way you die doesn't have to be. The way you die should be remarkable, worth remembering, outstanding.. it should be beautiful. In short, I don't think I'll get to my 60s. I plan on having my great finale somewhere around that age. I hope my heart will be healthy so I can donate it. :D
I don't think so. In my honest opinion, this could hit you back when you actually need someone to be there for you that isnt your family. I didn't go though a similar situation yet, because there's always someone I can talk to, but I do have my alone periods, which are quite good since it doesn't happen often. There should be a balance in everything. You need your alone time to come out with the next big thing you'll do, like annihilate the human race, but you also need to have someone to talk to, share ideas, have a coffee, watch a movie and other little things that disconnect you from the daily routine. Even online friends can help with that. :)
Is your resume relevant to the job you're applying for? As in, does your resume say that you're a great leader, have great social skills, you're a master at photoshop but the job doesn't require any of these? You could send a draft to me (or post it here) without your personal info and the job you're applying for and I'll give you an honest (maybe harsh) opinion. Edit: Did you include a letter of intent in your application? These are valued more than any resume.
Meanwhile... eu am UPC si nu pot sa spun ca am net rapid. :(
I didn't say they haven't achieved anything. In my opinion, they are useless NOW. But then again, you are right, I lack respect and compassion, but it's not something I cant change. :/
Crying in the inside, depression, anger, questioning everything she does, wanting to know where she is and what she does, going extreme and installing malwares on her phone/laptop so you can keep track of her. Basically, a lot of things. These are how I manifest my jealousy. Thank god I'm not jealous often, especially because I'm single right now. I hope I didn't misunderstand the question.
[Dan Balan - Chica bomb](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hp1_AKj8-nU) You are very welcome. It's not porn, but at that time, I got hard. Very. Very. Hard.
Yes no
I play dominion, yes. It's quite fun and queue times during the day are not longer than 2-3 minutes.
I like both normal draft and dominion. I think ranked 5s is useless and bad. I am a paying customer as well. Why should riot take your opinion over mine?
Because I constantly get stomped by high elo (dia+) players even if both teams are silver and I'm gold-silver. I don't like that and besides ranked rewards, I had no other reason to play ranked team. Good enough? It is useless and bad, for me, just as Normal Blind and Dominion are useless and bad for OP. That doesn't mean we're right nor wrong. It doesn't make me feel in any way, its your opinion, that doesn't mean they should be removed, unless the majority asks for it by not playing in these queues. Edit: I didnt say anything about his opinion being worth more.
...and I'm thankful for that. It's probably the main reason why I'm still supporting them. Simply because they do not care that I'm a paying user, master tier or bronze 3, they will probably treat me equally and value my opinion just as much as they value other people's opinion.
This will probably be downvoted, because we can barely have honest opinions here, but you being diamond and your bronze friends being...well, silver or bronze, will place your team against my silver team which is made of silvers and golds. You'll probably destroy us as you have better mechanics, map awareness and stuff and it will make the game unpleasant for us and the difference between us and your silver / bronze friends is probably not that big, so things are not quite balanced. Your team clearly has an advantage, before even starting the game! Do you think this is fair? We'll lose LP and have an unpleasant game because you are playing at an elo that is way lower than your actual skill level with your friends. Dynamic queue solves this issue, so you'll have to stick to normals... or help your friends with tips and tricks to get to plat so you can all queue together.
Yes, I like it more than aram.. and it's a good way of teaching a newbie friend what objective control is.. and myself, of course. Plus you can pick any champ you want and you can practice it in a sandbox environment... well, it has sand at least. Dominions help us understand that it is better to capture a point than to chase that shaco that lures us into a bush.
http://i.imgur.com/KwtslDM.jpg You can keep your name.
Dynamic queue.
Didn't they do that already? You used to get skin + border+icon for soloque and skin+border+ward skin+icon for ranked team.
I aint no snitch! This is a red flag mates, she wants to know what her bf is doing. STOP (maybe i'm too paranoid)
Ok.
I say that he is a great friend, talk about his REAL qualities (since I'm his best friend I probably know them) and let his wife know why she's so lucky to have him. Short and simple. *Bromance intensifies*
Boom! My opinion right there. I also suffer from the God complex, which makes even more sense!
I dont.. i dont mind if anyone sees it. It might be inappropriate but it's not like I can always control what I feel down there. When I do want to hide it, I do this: &gt; Straight up and into the belt. Only place it fits without looking completely retarded.
Wow. MF. I guess I found a new main...
Is there anything not to love about Jhin ? Even his second (default is first) skin looks great.
So... your mmr might not be in silver 5. (Silver 5 MMR + 1200) / 2 = bronze &lt;x&gt; mmr. Thats if the base mmr is 1200 after promos.
I was joking about the KS part.... but not about the RFC + Ludens part. I'll try banner and zz thing. Bard can do anything. :P
Is it ok if it's slightly offensive? You might find this offensive: http://i.imgur.com/qilZqol.gif http://i.imgur.com/U8SHfJK.gif http://i.4cdn.org/b/1453379556614.webm
...... interesting flair. Katarina should be deleted from the game following that logic. 100-0 the whole team in 2.5 seconds when ahead, no mana, no cooldowns, high mobility, annoying bitch, can solo carry 1v9. Annie is fine. She just shits on katarina. Balance in everything.
Will it be available for Windows PHONE?? Rito pls.
Hows your pentium 3 running these days? Windows 7.8 was 4 years ago? Do you expect support for a mobile device after 4 years? What?
Why does it have the EU address ? Don't riot emails have specific addresses for each region? As in, Eu: Dublin, Ireland, NA: Santa Monica, CA and so on.
Because I like the dizzy feeling I get... and it gets me all warm &amp; stuff. I don't drink beer. Also it is healthy to drink a glass of wine a day, actually. :) Salads are toxic for me. I'd rather eat cat food than eat salad. Bleah.
I feel that part is more of an obligation than an act of love (as it used to be). I feel forced to buy an engagement ring because 'thats the right thing to do' and sometimes when I think about me getting engaged I get all creeped out. Fuck that shit honey.
If you have a problem staying motivated at your first job, you might not get many other jobs. Just the fact that it's your first job and you can have your own money should motivate you enough at that age. Sorry if this sounds harsh.
Devs do give a shit about WP, because now they make an app for both windows phone and windows desktop. Gameloft (I work there) is one example of a big name that joined WP since WP8. Also, KING (Candy Crush) and many others. YouTube was killed because google doesn't support windows. They had to take the app down due to copyright claims.
Devs do give a shit about WP, because now they make an app for both windows phone and windows desktop. Gameloft (I work there) is one example of a big name that joined WP since WP8. Also, KING (Candy Crush) and many others. YouTube was killed because google doesn't support windows. They had to take the app down due to copyright claims.
Last time I posted a fake cock pic... I wonder if I should post a real one this time. Should I do the x Likes and I'll deliver thing similar to facebook? Hmm... Last time I got pm requests. haha
No, sorry, i dont find plus models attractive. At least not the ones you linked. Im a skinny dude, maybe thats the reason...or it all comes down to what I like.
A friend stolen my yu-gi-oh when I was a child. I invested a lot of feelings in collecting them and I trusted him with everything... I saw it as an act of betrayal. This is the only time i forgave betrayal. God forgives, I don't. I did forgive him and we are best friends now, but for a couple of years i had issues in allowing him to valuable things or sensitive information. Now we good. He good.
EUNE still has the new champion select for ranked. I wont play untill all the bronzies are actually bronze, not golds and plats so I can have an easier climb back. I assume I'll be placed there after ending up in G4 0LP with a 52 (?) % winrate last season.
I was called "shorty" too many times, the romanian version of it, because well.. I was and still am short. Wasn't that nice, but I changed that through the years and whoever called me like that didn't call me as an insult, more of a nick name.
At first, they flame eachother in polish, then, flame the other team members for the smallest mistakes. I have nothing against telling someone that what he is doing is not the best thing for the team, but i do have a problem if mother, cancer, family and i hope you die are in the same critique dialogue. Im not saying that all of them are like that, as i played with good ones as well, but I'd rather not risk it.
In my opinion, that wouldn't be a problem. I'm too young (23) to date divorced women anyway. But if someone I like would say that she got divorced, it wouldnt be a red flag.
Uhm... no.. my sister trolled me once and waxed my chest, it hurt like hell. I would NOT do that to my pubes or any other area.
People dont usually marry (and get divorced) so early here. There are exceptions, but it is not a trend. I usually date women of my age or younger.
Im from Romania. Central Europe.
Meanwhile kog...
I want some buffs for kog. :(
Whats the difference between a prostitute and a dead body? I don't have to kill a dead body after I have sex with it.
Rageblade, botrk, wits and the game ends because I suck...
He dodged an entire braum ult!!!
[Nicky Minaj - You a stupid hoe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6j4f8cHBIM) I'm unranked probably will be silver/bronze as I was g4 with 52% winrate. Why ? Because this song might give you cancer, just like everyone else in silver/bronze elo. I do like this song tho, pls dont judge
One trick pony
I think it's fine as it is. If you're a one trick pony, you could probably play that champion on any role.
Then pick mid as well.
Vayne does true damage, tahm can stun you. Vayne would be too op if her stack would remain like gnar's, ekko's or tahm stacks. The stack duration nerf should be enough imo.
&gt; my own idea was to implement the sevabot in our skype groups and adjust the commands so it can provide links to whatever documentation is needed in the team I work as a QA, and we use a lot of google docs. Myself and some superiors are constantly handling links to these docs in the chat. Wouldnt it be great if there would be a command like !&lt;insert doc abbreviation here&gt; in skype that would get that link for you? Sevabot can do that from what I know, and I would like to configure it for my account or for a different skype account. But I got stuck in the installation at the virtualenv part. I was like.. what... on earth.. is that, and dropped it. Especially because it might not even work anymore since it is kinda old! I think a minigame, like trivia, or something based on answers and a lot of if, elif, else would be great.
... not if you have no idea how to actually use it or even install it (?). :/
For sure I need to learn to actually dig deeper into the documentation. I'd appreciate your help! In about an hour I'll be home as well.
I think my main issue now is time to google / ask things because their requirements changed over night and I wasnt fully prepared for something like this. The interview was great, like most of my interviews (i have a hire rate of 80% - out of 10 interviews, i got a job offer 8 times). Another issue would be that ideas come and go too fast. When i made this thread i had one idea, maybe two and i didnt know where to start. Now I want to make a checklist helper (we have submission checklists, with rules that must be fulfilled in order for an app to be accepted by Apple) that should help junior QAs find the appropriate rule to submit an issue. The helper would basically return a list of possible rules with their content based on the keyword the user input. For example, a new QA finds an overlapped text, which is a bug, but he doesnt know the whole checklist and doesnt know under which rule to submit it. He has the option to ask his superior, obviously, but with my helper, he would no longer need to do that. He could just run the script, the "Describe your issue with 1 word:" appears and he would type "overlap", then python would return the overlap rule with it's description. I have an idea on how to do it as well, either find a way to make python get the rule from an online pdf (can python do that?) by it's number and return it when the user inputs the keyword, either define every rule as a variable and return that variable when the user inputs the keyword. I will not do the whole checklist, as it has over 1000 pages and i will not write so many lines of code, several keywords, several elifs, just to prove someone that I can learn to do things, i have the ideas, but I lack some knowledge to properly and efficiently implement them. And if I do it, i will ask to be credited for my work. Another idea is to create a script that would run when windows starts and will help any QA thought the day with basic information without having to search for it. (Like.. Link to latest checklist, link to the server, link to the builds and do on). But then again, I dont know if python can link things, or open links for me. Why? Because i didnt have time to look it up on google and I had no one to ask, especially because the more i find out about python, the more ideas I get. Thats why some of my posts and even the original posts sound dumb... Also, I like reading walls of text, especially when its helpful. Thank you for your contribution. Edit: **Newbie / Cringy / might annoy you question**: From what I know I don't have to compile python scripts (.py) because you can run them directly if you have python interpreter installed, but can someone who doesn't have python installed run them on Windows PCs using CMD or Powershell with the ./script_name.py after changing the directory to the file's path? As in, i send my .py script to someone to check out, he places it on C:\, can he execute it by doing this: windows r -&gt; powershell -&gt; cd\ -&gt; ./script_name.py ?
It should be at 9 pm GMT +2 in EUNE, in about 4 minutes. Might be wrong.
God... that dude... so annoying.
Hi, This cannot be unwanted, any help is appreciated. Thank you for that. The dictionary idea seems great, but I have a question. My idea was to create a variable for every rule (I'm going to add about 20 rules, just to get it started), with a description for every variable. Such as: crash_rule = "\n&lt;removed&gt;&lt;removed&gt;" What are you saying is that I should add a dictionary like: keywords_dictionary = {"crash": "&lt;removed&gt;", "spillout": "&lt;removed&gt;" , "next rule" : "&lt;removed&gt;"} When the user inputs the keyword crash, what he should see on his screen is something smilar to this: &gt; &lt;removed&gt; &gt; &lt;removed&gt; &gt; &lt;removed &gt; Would this work? Then, the trick part comes when if and elifs come in place, but i'm just making the lists for now. Edit: The dict above might not be written correctly.
So... I jumped out of my chair when I saw it working: keywords_dict = {"crash": "&lt;removed&gt;", "something else": "1234"} keyword_or_help = input ("\nDescribe your issue in 1 word, or type help for a list of suggestions: ") if keyword_or_help in keywords_dict: print (keywords_dict[keyword_or_help]) else: print ("Sorry, invalid entry. Please type help for a list of suggestions") I went through several syntax error before I figured it out that I can ask python to print the keyword_or_help "input variable" if its in the dict. This is so much easier than several statements inside statements. Google didnt help with the print (keywords_dict[keyword_or_help]) but I'm glad I figured it out myself. It feels so satisfying, hah. :D Looks as intended: &lt;removed&gt; Edit: After this, I'll create some kind of loop (will google it) to ask if the rule is right, if not, keyword_or_help pops again, asks for another keyword, brings another rule and so on until the rule is the one the user is looking for. Should be a fun and looooooooooooong weekend.
I pee on my gf's leg to mark her as mine. On a serious note, no, I don't care.. because I have no girlfriend, but when I had... I still didn't care. I'm not that jealous. :D
No.. she left me cause I tried to do other things to her leg... On a serious note, she kinda was into stuff like that. :D
How do I make my icons bigger? Just as big as yours? http://prntscr.com/9wxo3f With that tool?
Some games are not winnable no matter what you do. Someone somewhere always has a bad day, including your opponents. Doing a simple math, assuming that you have a good day and everyone else is bad, your team has 4 bad players and the enemy team has 5. So the chances for your team to win should be higher.
Lol, I had no bad experience with redditlfg.. and I played on my lv 16.
Play naked. You'll be chilled.
Just got my 60th skin. :$
Done Support, 23-27, male.
Sooooo... I can get banned for having a custom audio during blind pick champion select? I changed the client audio file.
So the mistake was the for s in supported_keywords ? This one worked and it looks better. Is there a way to have every keyword on a separate line? Ps. The screenshots were there to show how my 'solutions' looked like, not to show the actual code. This is the code (if you're curious): &lt;removed&gt;
The second one is just as I imagined it. Perfect. Thank you very much for your time! I'll keep in mind the screenshot thing, I'm new to this place, heh.
I... I can't even explain. How... why... This works perfect. For the past 3 hours i've been reading about for loops and while loops and I can't even understand why I didn't think at this. I've been using the while loop wrong the whole time. Thank you for your help!
I didnt read the comments here yet, but I'm here to disband this idea /u/jaroch1 , because riot will shut it down. Here's why: &gt;Please Don't &gt;[...] &gt;Provide alternate channels to report or evaluate other players &gt;Create a substitution for skill ranking (commonly referred to as MMR or ELO) &gt;Build or design any tools or components designed to look like the native League of Legends or Riot Games branding and designs, both in-game and out. So in other words, if you have Riot assets (logos, icons, champion names and so on) on your site or make anything that use their APIs, you must comply with the guidelines or you get shutdown.
How are you going to track players if not with an api? Have all of us manually input names, kda, and all that?
I'm on 14356, Lumia 650 and it works fine :D
Colors have shades? ... blue? Windows 10 blue? whats that color? :D
I was Gold 4, ended in silver 3 and, reached silver 1 now back to 2 with bad winrate. I can't seem to understand WHY I'm not as good as I was in the last season. What seems to be the problem? You can't close games after you get a lead? I have this problem on EUNE, I play good in lane and get kills, have a lead, yet I can't do anything with it. I don't know what to do with it. Last season, I was 3-0 annie mid, okay, go bot, get 2 kills, get tower gg wp. This season I'm afraid of even dying to the scuttle crab when going bot. Does that happen to you as well?
Played reksai vs Malzahar last night, Q pops malza's shield. Not sure what you saw tho.
Playing good then losing the game because someone else decides to troll because the jungler didn't give him a blue buff. Or having a nunu as support.
Meh, seen better. Comeback weak as fuck. 2/10
https://youtu.be/XNtTEibFvlQ?t=1m18s Orlando soundtrack. Like this. Savage, downvote worthy I know. My karma's gonna suck after this. But to answer your question: as long as I CAN make fun of something as tragic as this, it can't get to me, at all. that's what I did even when someone close died. :)
Onedrive. Thats where I keep my photos. Yes, dirty ones included. No, I wont get hacked. No, I don't care if I do anyway.
Or get lightshot. Much better than anything else I know, imo.
Wait, do you get anything else than support from "Fill"? Sometimes I *troll* and select "Support" and "Fill" and post it on 9gag. So funny omg.
Kto polak co kurwa mid or feed no ban yasuo
Sorry, what mobile app? I have a windows phone. rito por favor
Heldeep Radio! Good electronic music
Us elections. I'm European, I dont care about US elections.
Don't get offended when someone makes jokes (or not) about something. Including your ideologies and beliefs, terrorist attacks, bombing, natural disasters, tragedies. Jokes.png, take them as jokes, not dicks.
Spotify premium. I cant be thankful enough for being able to purchase spotify premium. Spotify shuffle makes my days better by giving me the right song. I live in a country where spotify isn't available so it was a bit harder to get premium. 3 months for 1.99$! Worth. I'll extended it afterwards most likely.
We all look awesome &lt;3
I'll spank you with my keyboard and do a penta kill on katarina in the meantime ;) ;) I'll get fully erect in no time
Are you a donut? donuts look awesome!!!
Why do you want to appear as offline? So your friend don't know that you're on? So you can lie to him that you werent online? Is he even your friend if you have to appear offline? Is he even your friend if he can't understand that now you want to play without him? The problem here is with the people who don't have the courage to tell people they dont want to be disturbed or to use the block feature. Personally, I see no point in adding appear as offline. I'd remove invisible/offline thing from every single social platform. People should grow some balls and accept/be able to tell people "Hey, I have something else to do, talk to you soon, but not now".
On average, how many persons talk to you in league of legends? As in, they initiate a chat. I'm curious. Are you aware that if you set your status offline, but play a game, they could still look you up and see that you WERE online at that time, but appeared invisible? That can cause some relationship issues as well. The only use I see for this offline thing is to talk to only 1/group of person(s) without letting others know that you are online, reason why I don't get it why it's such a big issue if riot will add it or not. Out of 30 active persons, I get around 3-5 chats, and when I don't want to answer I just tell them that I don't feel good, or set Away status and not reply at all until I feel like talking. Oh and you talking about mental/social/adult capacity based on my reddit history is not a very accurate research, nor mature either. But we're on reddit, it is not expected to see such things here anyway. Good day
&gt; Maybe people want to have the program running in the background while doing something else and not be bothered by constant messages or requests? X button solves that pretty great. If you don't need league client in foreground AND not waiting for a message or game request, why do you even keep it background if you don't want to let people know that you're online? Because... you can and it's convenient to not login again? I understand that Riot's work philosophy is flawed, but I also understand why they want to research. Is it worth having it? Will be it be any different than what we have now? Are there existing workarounds? Any feature requires $ and development time and resources, if the feature is irrelevant, not mandatory and probably not important (I'll probably never use invisible anywhere, never so to me it will be useless), it will most likely be ice boxed. Also you might want to take Riot's reply as a different way of saying no. :)
Because it costs money, development time and resources, for something that people will most likely not use on a daily basis. Also, you might want to take that "research" thing as a different form of NO. they might not want to tell you NO directly because... I don't know, PR?
I dont care. Overwatch will be just as popular as Heroes of the Storm (the other blizz game that "killed" lol) in about 3-4 months. I hope i'm wrong tho.
They can see that you played a game while being offline, you know? Your match history is kinda public. Or.. op.gg -&gt; ingame stats
I like the game, I play it.
Hearthseeker Orianna for me.
I don't even play the game, but I already hate it and wont pay for it. League is just enough for me right now.
Riot said in a tweet that they will bring them back as well, but they want to rework them and bring them all together back.
I like you.
&gt; Reddit name? Liviuam2 &gt;How old is your Reddit account? 2 years. &gt; How old are you? 23 years old, will be 24 next month. &gt; What languages can you speak? Romanian, English. &gt; What country do you live in, and what is your time zone? Romania, UTC+3 (EEST). &gt; What time of day are you usually available for moderation? (Use GMT). 06:00 - 16:00 (Work hours) and after work depending on how much I play league or go out, but I'm available on phone either way. &gt; What is/are your Summoner Name(s), including alternate accounts? SaiyaJiin &gt; What server do you play on? EUNE &gt; How long have you been playing league? Since August 2014, preseason 5 was my first time ranked period. &gt; How often have you been playing League this season? Daily. 1-4 hours a day, sometimes more, sometimes not at all, depending on how tired I am. &gt; Have you ever moderated a subreddit before (or similar community)? Subreddit no, similar community yes. I was a forum moderator for about 2 years on a popular MMORPG called Metin2, about 4-5 years ago. You can find my profile [here](http://forum.z8games.com/member.php?5605802-Boschi) but I'm not sure if post history / moderation is still available. Some recent created threads should be at least. (Yeah I just logged in now, that's why I appear as active) &gt; What makes you believe you are suitable to become a moderator? I don't believe I am suitable, I know I am suitable, because I don't play favorites, I can understand opinions if they are explained properly even if are different than mine, and I'm a good team player (my past work activities can easily prove that as well). &gt; Rate your communication skills on a scale from 1 - 10 (higher is better) and explain why: 10 - Higher isn't better, neither is bigger. ;) Yes, 10, but it's not a good thing. I have amazing communications skills because I can talk/write hours about anything, really, and use proper wording for everyone to understand what I want to say, even if the topic i'm talking about is out of someone's field of knowledge. I can explain things like you are 5 and I have knowledge in several fields, I'm a bit nerdy, but not shy at all when it comes to talking. I don't have barriers, I can talk to someone new with no issues and we'll find something to talk about. I could write here an essay about why I have great communication skills, but it would sound weird and probably pointless. So yeah, you'll have to trust me on that, or take me for a chat. &gt; If a zombie apocalypse broke out and you only had time to bring one item from your house with you before you fled town, what would it be and why? Probably a big empty bottle? So I can take water from different places and have it with me all the time. If you don't have water, you'll most likely die before the zombies get to you. Then again, if it's an apocalypse, you wont find any supermarkets to get water from either. You'll just have to be old school and get it from river and what not before you change your location because zombies got to that place as well. I'm boring like that. :/ &gt; How important do you believe a persons league rank is when answering a question on the subreddit, on a scale from 1 - 10? Provide us with the reasoning behind your answer. 5 - There should be a balance, you can't help other people understand the game better if you're barely getting out of bronze 5, BUT on the other hand you might be able to understand the game amazingly good, and how everything should work, but you lack the mechanical skills to do so. That is why, in my opinion, your rank doesn't fully reflect your knowledge and ability to answer a question, but it might matter in certain circumstances. &gt; Which of your contributions to this subreddit (comment, post, video, guide, you name it) do you feel the proudest/most satisfied about? I don't think helping someone here is something to be proud of. You help people because you want to, not because you want to be proud of it. My opinion. Dodging this question harder than dodging queue when I see fizz in the enemy team. &gt; Rate your navigation skills on Reddit from 1 - 10 (higher is better): 10 - I don't think I have any issues with reddit from this point of view. &gt; Do you have any experience with AutoModerator, CSS, HTML, or image editing? Image editing yes, others not. &gt; Do you bring any other skills or assets to the table? I'm a wonderful and anti-boredom person. You'll love me long time. No really, you will. I'm serious. &gt; There's a top post on the subreddit that obviously goes against the posting guideline. What do you do? Message the author to edit the post so it respects the posting guidelines telling him that if he doesn't, I'd have to remove it. I think it's the right thing to do. &gt; Describe yourself with 3 words: Beard, short, amazing. &gt; If there is one thing you would change about the sub, what would it be? Disallow learning "streams", I don't think it's fair to advertise learning streams.. because there isn't something like that. You can learn by watching Annie Bot, and he doesn't have a learning stream, or some random diamond 5 dude, and he doesn't have a learning stream either. I think people who post "learning" streams here are actually looking for viewers. Just my opinion. Edit: Grammar
Same issue, but because my mmr dropped and I keep loosing because i didn't adapt. Win 19, lose 19. :D I'm sure i'll drop lower. G5 is only one tier away, yet it seems so far away. :(
Putting a glass of juice in the fridge instead of putting the juice bottle back in the fridge, then looking for my glass of juice for about 5 minutes.
I love it because it makes me feel good, or bad. It send a feeling, some people can feel that music, some can't. There will be a festival in my country, similar to Tomorrowland, it's called Untold festival. can't wait for it. :O Few examples that make me feel good: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNNfZuIA1GQ I have no idea what this track is about, but I get such a positive attitude from it. Also the drop on this makes me want to bouce hard: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwInr0BF1Ow Jesus.
Wont lie, title made me giggle a bit. You cant have the power BACK if you never had it in the first place. My guess is that he realized he's not good for you, or that he is too good for you, or he thought you're different. Talk to him about this, not to us.
Short guy, short dick. High school be like: Hahaha you short i bet you got a small dick. Get that pretty much from everyone, then a chick asks you point blank what's your dick size. Since you didn't care to measure by default you'll say short. Because short guy short dick, and then she tells you to never lie again like that once she seen it. That's what I meant by "problems". In some cases if you are not aware by your size you might tend to go for "short" and its a lie most likely. Dunno if this makes sense. :D
I'm aware of that. :D Seen things, heard things. But heyyy, jokes about dick size are fun, right?
Nope, I don't give money to homeless nor beggars. I live in Romania so there's quite a few of them. Some of them earn more than I do. Plus, i'm pretty sure they _could_ find a job, they just don't want to. There's a ton of non office / street cleaning like jobs here, yet they prefer to beg. http://gofuckingwork.com/ this one should work just well for them, but they dont have internet. :(
People will stop complaining about Windows 10 automatic updates. People will start complaining that updating to windows 10 is no longer free. More countries will leave EU. UK just committed economic suicide, they will probably go on a civil war. Hitler 2.0 is found. We fix the immigrants crisis. World war 3 stars because we fix the immigrants crisis.
Nothing, I don't have guilt trips after I masturbate. :D I'm weird like that. But once I saw a porn with a chick that had milk in her ass pumped in by some dude, then she "pooped" it out in a basin and some poop came out as well. It looked like milk and cereals. There was milk and some poop floating around, I got an instant boner, not sure why. :/ I was a bit ashamed because I wasn't watching it alone.
Hey guys! What music are you listening to while playing league? I'm a content creator, to be more precise, I make music podcasts and I was wondering if you'd be interested. I use it to play League as well and it fits just fine. It's future house/electro house. Any of you listening to that kind of stuff? :D
35 degrees Celsius here as well. 7th floor is burning! But at least I got my sunglasses and I look cool. I want an ice cream and a beer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H49J6bA30Zc Not sure if allowed tho, if not, feel free to remove it mr mods :D
Oh I would've built you an empire, a castle made of GOLD and things that you desire. Oh I would've built you an empire.. but you're a fucking liar. This https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHinPJ2hxbg ?
I don't, if she's boring all the time, I don't want to be her entertainment. I apply this rule to everyone else, that's why everyone I usually talk to got things to share.
I'd go for Jhin, Kindred
I use Grin, I wouldn't use the imgur official app anyway, unless is just as good. Windows has better third party apps than the official ones.
It has Reddit integration as well? Grin has some kind of reddit integration for images.
Yup, I use Readit as well. But Grin also has a section for pictures where you can search pics from reddit. http://i.imgur.com/2TNRgKP.png It's useless I guess, if you're browsing just pics :$
I think spotify is a great tool of discovery. You just set up a playlist and listen to your favorite artists, then it recommends you similar stuff that you might like.
I can recommend you my personal sessions if you want, not sure if it's your type (and i cant create a topic here about it). Then you can go listen to the old ones. I plan on releasing one mix every 2 weeks, if all goes well. Also Heldeep Radio is great.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H49J6bA30Zc Here you go, this is a new one. You can click on my channel and go through older mixes.
I wish [Untold festival](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nb_lyT0uclU) was on that list, we had 2nd edition this year, so I guess it needs more time.
.... Downloading 14977 again I'm stuck here for ever and ever :(
Excuse my stupidity, but why not safe? I used to do it, but change condom. Is that unsafe as well? I can keep it up, np, gifted (or cursed) with high sexdrive, but will it be damaged from that?
Dirty, not physical, was when I was called daddy and I'm a short skinny (but hairy) dude. I did a lot of nasty things that some might find "dirty" and for me are just part of the daily routine, but being called daddy with my stats is something I never imagined.
Awkward, the look on cashier's face was weird AF. I was 14, I looked (still do) like a child obviously and she seemed like "Aww he's buying condoms for his dad". I felt bad.
Got it, I thought there might be something else that I'm not aware of. Thanks.
I'm not sure why my subconsciousness doesn't want to make changes that will greatly impact and make my life better. Such as: - Get a better paid job (I can easily do it, yet I'm okay with a job I like with a crap salary for some reason) - Have sex with more people, I'm not sure why I'm waiting and why I always settle down for just a person even if we don't agree to be exclusive, it's a mental block that I can't seem to surpass. 11 different partners in 10 years (I'm 24, started at 14) isn't that much of a deal, that would be like ~1/year. I feel like I'm not experimenting enough. My sexual experience is great, but "tested" to say so only on this small pool of people. How do I surpass the mental block? - Don't allow myself to relax once I get home, I don't want to relax anymore, I want to do things, like my hobbies, or go out or anything that isn't called "relaxing". I get home at around 6 and I'm really not in the mood for much (except play games maybe?), I want to change this and I can't, maybe it has something to do with the job. Pretty common ones I think, quarter life crisis headed towards me and I'm trying to avoid it, just like I avoided the other ones.
DNCE - Cake by the ocean Or is it really EDM?
I use spotify, no track not available in your country bullshit, apps for any device, offline mode is great as well. The downfall compareed to google music is that you can't upload your music.
Considering Google Music isn't available on windows phone, they will not get a cent from me. But then again, offline music for spotify works well. Lets not mention that spotify works just the same on desktop without a premium subscription.
[Ahzee - King](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwJ_V9kt16Y) Gives me a boost of energy everytime, that bass damages everything. I have an EDM playlist on Spotify if you're interested.
Hug him and tell him he'll end up good soon.
https://open.spotify.com/user/liviubot/playlist/7hK8j1ARhNS7fbJWkLboho There you go.
Yup, they released a couple of good songs, mostly on Mainstage. They are on the rise.
Pour shower gel on me then wash myself erotically like I'm some kind of (female) porn star playing in a car washing commercial. I need a sponge. I'm a guy.
Don't jump into another relationship for some time, it wouldn't be fair for the other person. Also make sure you keep your feelings in check when you talk to someone, because you might get attached to someone for simply listening to you.
If you're not into her or you don't want anything serious, but you still like hanging out with her and do friendly things, make sure you don't allow yourself or her to believe other things. Don't show much affection until you're sure she understands you're friends. Don't avoid talking about your other interactions with women, that way she'll get the message that you're not exclusive. Don't allow them to waste too much of your time, let them wait for a reply if they aren't your priority or you're doing something else.
&gt;you are not so much a priority now This sucks so bad, I feel you bro. What can do is to gradually detach from her and see someone else, because you were at her disposal. Once you start seeing/talking to someone else since ITS ONLY CASUAL HOHOHO, she will either feel what you feel, which is the right thing, and should maker her talk, or explain her that you don't feel as important to her anymore and you'd like to know why. Maybe someone else took your place, did you consider that? Maybe she has someone else to talk to, maybe someone else is making her laugh, and you're the guy she comes to when the other person is not available anymore, because that person is not at her disposal. This is what was going through my mind when I had a similar situation. I started backing off, and it did pay off because I didn't feel bad about it anymore.
I almost killed my self. I also had self esteem issues because of that. : ^)
24 years old, 11 sexual partners (does a simple bj count as a sexual partner? If so, then 13)
I expected Hilary to say "Nine eleven" :( Not bad tho.
He said he has a plan B, but didn't reveal it yet. I'm curious.
duckduckgo.com I dont know why people don't use this.
Why not? I still use it with Tor. Not for privacy to be honest, but to avoid some other tracking and filters/blocks.
Cu placere: https://youtu.be/jA82jpXurho?t=26m56s
https://youtu.be/jA82jpXurho?t=26m56s
This is exactly what I was looking for.
Lick the spider's leg. Or Shyvana's.
Pantheon requires skill.
Ivern?
Well I use Edge as a main browser since Creators Update, in my opinion is the best browser for me and I see a Chrome ad every day, because I use google docs, youtube, google search and sometimes gmail. The problem is that after pressing the "No Thanks", the ad doesn't go away for ever, it will re-appear at some point.
No, as long as you're over Level 2, you'll get the keys randomly by playing. It no longer matters if you win or lose.
Ai dovezi, martori, ceva, cum ca a fost afisat mesajul respectiv? Daca iti are datele, nu poti sa nu o achiti, poti sa o contesti, printr-o contestatie pe care o depui la sediul lor, apoi probabil ajungi la tribunal. Daca sunt camere in autobus si nu minti in legatura cu afisajul respectiv, at trebui sa iti fie usor la tribunal. Am mai contestat o amenda In Cluj, a decurs perfect. Daca nu, trebuie sa platesti, nu-s ei responsabili ca nu ai verificat destul, daca nu, iti vine probabil la impozit.
Daca nu o poti aborda incat sa iti tina apararea in caz ca lucrurile se complica, nu iti recomand sa faci ceva inafara de a achita amenda. Pentru ca nici camerele nu te vor ajuta, daca cineva a stat in fata. :/ da, femeile mereu vor avea avantajul asta, by default, daca arata bine. Si ca barbat il ai, daca ai o anumita carisma si un anumit sarm, ceea ce e putin mai complicat.
Multumim ca reprezinti Romania, da' serios, nu te-o pus nimeni. Nu-I fa spam omului cu scuze, ca oricum nu-I pasa si doar inrautatesti situatia. Numa zic.
Populatia civilizata nu pupa in cur atata, ci lasa oamenii responsabili sa-si faca treaba. La noi vine unu cu bani si oarecare importanta, mai nu ne intindem pe jos sa nu cumva sa isi murdareasca pantofii. Hai sa lasam mizeriile astea si sa ne acceptam greseala, care nici macar nu e a noastra direct, cu mandrie si onoare. Oh wait, suntem pe reddit, carry on.
A noastra direct, cei care sunt din / in Roamnia dar nu o conduc. Nu imi cer scuze pentru greseli, admit ca a fost o greseala, remediez ce se poate si merg mai departe incercand sa nu repet aceasi greseala, ceea ce probabil se va si intampla la urmatoarea vizita.
Thank god. Are there some new support items? Or.. old ones removed? I've seen memes...
Yes, it was Spotify. I have a 16GB phone which I think its enough for my usage and I got a memory full notification. Spotify had 1.6gb cache, followed by Facebook with 400mb. The reason I came here is because I don't think Spotify is supposed to have so much cache. I got it from the first working link from Google, hah.
Thank you very much, that explains it.
https://open.spotify.com/user/liviubot/playlist/522AmMZpBPqpp9TZghMKwO?si=lYsZnDX-S-KUNMi5Lpmg9g Play through the song, make your own playlist and add whatever you like from here, then Spotify will recommend more songs like that.
Nu vad unde e problema aici. Se distreaza, in ROMANIA. Oh da.. aia e problema. Ca cineva chiar se poate distra in Romania. woooooooooooow
Nu este influentat de ei........ Muzica tiganeasca are influente orientale, india, arabia saudita, chestii de genul. Manele au furat niste ritmuri balcanice, dar cam atat.
La ce saptamana am avut, sure, mi\-ar prinde bine. Dar nu din motivul asta am fost agresiv. :\)\)
Nu, au zis "when in Romania". Insta\-thots da, sunt de acord, dar cred ca si noi suntem putin sensibili. Nu vad cu ce ne jignesc patria ca danseaza pe muzica aia si pun pe instagram. Eh Eh
Can I share my gif nudes if I can't link my insta? Fiiine, I'll behave. or not me head\-banging on a remix \(I touched\) of Cardi B: [https://1drv.ms/v/s!Anm1z0ExeRONiu9PvF6XSE6ir85DpA](https://1drv.ms/v/s!Anm1z0ExeRONiu9PvF6XSE6ir85DpA) Its a video from onedrive. This, of course, was a meme among some of my friends shortly after, but I always said: If there's something you're ashamed of, don't put it on the internet.
Does he go to the gym and take the weird ass shit to get bigger? What you can do is wait quite a bit, because maybe he is still slightly anxious down there, and if it doesn't help, later on you can just ask if it always bends like that or it can get harder.
Put down your phone and go walk alone, eat alone, go to the cinema alone at least 2 times a week. You'll learn to love yourself and that'll give you confidence, which is often just a way of saying you are strong. I know this sounds like the common instagram bullshit \( I SWEAR I DON'T POST STUFF LIKE THIS THERE\), but self love makes you stronger than someone else's love. Start with that, if you are struggling a lot. And yes, put down your phone, it does damage to us, the young ones.
Tinder or Grindr, I don't judge. On a serious note, Fallout New Vegas, Fallout 4. Amazing games.
People who are generally unhappy, dissatisfied with life or lonely tend to not want kids. If you belong in any of these categories, or you are young, fix the issues and the desire will come back. But I bet you already knew that, didn't you? The question is how: Well, same advice that I keep giving around, you need to understand your underlying issues, as to why you think you don't have anything to a child, or why would it be a bad thing. Then, you need to take risks and actually meet someone, the desire to have kids with that person might arise and if you're both up for a long term thing, I don't see why not. I don't want kids, I am 26 in a month, never did. A few years back, the reason was that I do not want to spread my shitty genetics (Short, skinny), but as I grew older, I understood that these genetics are actually a blessing more than a curse, so that went away. Next reason was that I don't think I can take care of a child as I'm not responsible enough, again, this passed. Now my reason is that I'm riding very high and I don't want to stop right now because it feels good, also I don't have a financial stability for a child. I know that in about 5 years, this will change and I'll be prepared. So will you, just give yourself time and fix whatever you need fixing in yo head.
Snoooooooooop drop it like its hot. I'll drop her even if she's hot. 1 hit under the chin and the bitch is dreaming about equal rights.
What issues aren't fixable? HIV?
Imi aminteste de un comment de la poll\-ul antena 3, un domn de 50 si ceva de ani era foarte nervos si se impotrivea cu caps lock impotriva casatoriilor intre barbati si femei.
