Hell yes. It's fun to be hated for your team's greatness.
1-4 are excellent. 5 and 6 are fine (though not the best), and 7 is also very good (on par with the first four). 8 is one of the worst final seasons ever though, and at that point it's almost worth watching for the comic relief (seriously, you'll laugh at the absurdity of it at points - the treadmill! the tire slashing! - and it's almost an unintentional self-parody).
&gt;Nobody said it was the best pizza in the world Good thing we also have that! Whether you accept that NY pizza is the best or you're a heathen that prefers Chicago style, they're both better than pizza elsewhere.
He's on HBO. He can do whatever the hell he wants.
The way I build my cities, the narrow channel in the middle of the image (at the mouth of what looks like a lake/river) would be a dense population center (probably the densest, actually, though you appear to have chosen the bottom right for that). Also, what's the dome thing near those tall buildings? It looks like the upper left corner of their city tile is some sort of giant dome.
&gt; a good cut off point is where the fetus could live outside the womb There are plenty of already-born people who cannot function outside the womb without being dependent on others; what (if anything) makes it okay to kill a fetus that possesses this trait but not an already-born person who similarly needs help to survive? Assume we're talking about someone that doesn't have conscious thought (such as someone in a coma or otherwise incapacitated).
&gt; Anti-life isn't accurate to describe pro-choice: you can be pro-choice and against abortion How so? If you support people being able to freely and legally choose abortions, you are supporting the legal status of abortion and inherently supporting the destruction of fetuses and the termination/pre-emption (depends whether you think they're already alive) of life.
From what I understand the new one is vastly inferior to SC 4.
I thought Cars 2 was the real villain in Cars 2.
Aren't A and B the same thing?
It's like if someone asked the chef to take the best steak they have and turn it into a hamburger.
Bad example though because that job won't exist in 5-10 years. (There are plenty of alternatives though.)
I much prefer the Velvet Revolver version.
Trucks will still move cargo across the country, but for the most part they'll drive themselves. An autonomous truck can drive longer hours with fewer accidents and increased fuel efficiency.
Maybe not in 5, but I would be very surprised if it wasn't significantly reshaping the logistics industry within the next decade.
Stamkos+Eichel would be insane.
The Giants are the closest thing to a dynasty in the past 10 years, yes, but just a few years before that the Yankees won in '96, '98, '99, and '00, with appearances in '01 and '03 too.
Normally, large NYC law firms have a standardized salary progression that starts at $160k and jumps to $170k, 185k, 210k, etc... in fixed increments. $55k is shockingly and unbelievably low.
Normally, large NYC law firms have a standardized salary progression that starts at $160k and jumps to $170k, 185k, 210k, etc... in fixed increments. $55k is shockingly and unbelievably low.
Just to add the years: founded '72, won ' 80-'83.
And embellished last night on the high stick!
https://warosu.org/data/ck/img/0054/34/1400084863723.jpg
Please don't repeat this nonsense and go read the fucking tax code.
You know who else had the power to immediately change the fact that they're unequal and does not? You. By nature of the fact that you (1) have access to a computer and the internet, and (2) have the free time to browse and comment on Reddit, you are inherently better-off than many millions of people around the world. You *could* choose to give some (or, if you already give some, as she undoubtedly does, to give even more) of your resources to others, but you choose not to. It's perfectly fine to make that choice, but don't be hypocritical yourself while asserting that another person is a hypocrite.
If you set up your own foundation, then yes, there are ways to recuperate some of the costs, but it's still very difficult to actually come out ahead financially. Those things are also illegal, by the way (since you are obligated to report the kickbacks as income, though you might get away with it if you aren't audited). If you're just donating to an already-established charity, you absolutely do not come out ahead financially. Donating $100k will only reduce your taxable income by that amount, so you won't profit from it.
You said (emphasis mine): &gt;The IRS allows tax deductible donations. **That's what this charity is. A tax strategy** with the side effect of helping her career. Also happens to help people. Even when you say it "benefits her financially" you're still wrong, unless you mean in some indirect way in which her charitable giving convinces people to buy her products and thereby makes her money, but you clearly distinguish the financial benefits from her career so that's not what you mean.
See I usually make these kinds of bets the other way. If you bet against your team and they win, you don't care that you lost the bet because your team won and everything's awesome. If your team loses, at least you made $100 to go drown your sorrows.
You're right, actually, though I suspect he does believe she should give her money away (and he seems to believe in a number of conspiracy theories regarding the Rothschild family anyway - see his references to fixing gold prices and the Council on Foreign Relations).
Someday I want to see someone lose in the Conference Finals after putting up like 25 goals in the playoffs and win the Conn Smythe.
Lightning, especially because /r/hockey is already drooling over how the Blackhawks are already a "dynasty" (with only two Cups in five years instead of the usual four straight). They're diluting the meaning of the term "dynasty" (if the Kings win the Cup next year, does that mean there were two simultaneous dynasties?!) and I think there's still some chance of salvaging it if the Lightning win this year to stop the Hawks at 2.
That is completely wrong. All Uber drivers go through a background check - in fact, if you'd ever used it you would know that there's a $1 fee on every ride that pays for the background checks and training sessions for drivers.
"Hello sir, it seems to me that you are doing something that greatly inconveniences several people. Surely you've already noticed this because we've honked at you, but I am obliged to inform you personally that we disapprove of what you're doing. No, we can't actually stop you or punish you in any way, but could you please not do this thing? Oh, you'd rather keep doing it? Well okay then, I guess I'll try to think of a prank to pull on you to get my revenge vigilante-style."
Can confirm, live on island where I'm never more than 20 minutes from a beach. Haven't been yet this spring/summer.
I guess I haven't followed him since the draft, but isn't he one of the best goaltending prospects out there?
SFS is definitely not the easiest to get accepted into, even if we have a slightly higher acceptance rate. We have the highest average SAT scores by a pretty decent margin (I think it's something like 50-100 points above the College average - it was in a Hoya article a while ago, if I remember correctly).
Don't ever put all of your money in one stock...
Fair point. The way it worked out though (with us not getting anything out of those drafts - just Luongo, who we quickly traded) it would have been better to have either Sakic or Forsberg.
&gt; She's the most qualified and electable candidate. Do you mean in the Democratic field or out of all of the candidates? I fail to see how she's so clearly more qualified than people who've been state governors for more than a decade (Rick Perry, Mike Huckabee), for example. She spent a little over 1 term as a senator (not in leadership, and didn't pass any major legislation) and then 4 years as Secretary of State (with mixed results). I'm not saying that she's *un*qualified, but she's certainly not far-and-away the most qualified candidate, no matter how much the media has been trying to imply that.
&gt; During Graduation, Sulkowicz carried her mattress on stage, receiving some boos and a standing ovation from others, while mysteriously several posters emerged on campus that call her a "Pretty Little Liar". Are there any videos of this?
I don't think he said that. The Obama administration has been *partially* responsible, but I don't think anyone seriously believes it is 100% their fault. As with most complex global developments, its origins are complex and aren't any one individual person's fault.
Lincoln or Jefferson?
1) He [suspended the writ of habeas corpus](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Habeas_Corpus_Suspension_Act_1863), which requires that a person accused of a crime be brought before a judge to decide if there's sufficient reason to keep that person in jail. That led to [Ex Parte Merryman](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ex_parte_Merryman), an important Supreme Court case that said Lincoln acted unconstitutionally. 2) Lincoln also tried to have people tried in military tribunals instead of civilian courts, leading to another famous case: [Ex Parte Milligan](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ex_parte_Milligan), which established that the president can't do that as long as civilian courts are still operational (even in war time).
How could you possibly interpret my comment to mean anything of the sort? I explicitly said that "I could explain my position [which, in case you didn't know, means 'my opinion'] on the matter, but I'll let these guys do it," at which point I linked some opinion pieces I agree with.
I certainly do understand what a genuine trigger is. The point is that SJWs are trying to ascribe trigger warnings to things that don't actually require trigger warnings but whose audiences they wish to limit. In **most** cases, the things SJWs are calling "triggering" are merely disagreeable and perhaps offensive. Generally, they are not calling for trigger warnings in response to specific and articulable incidents of people's PTSD being triggered. They're asserting that something they find offensive *might* trigger someone and therefore that that thing should be preceded with a warning to discourage people from reading or listening to it. In the case of something genuinely being triggering to a substantial number of people (yes, the word "substantial" needs to be defined in a policy context), I don't have a problem with a simple label saying that something will contain extreme violence. The issue arises when SJWs protest and affix trigger labels to things whose content are already generally known or easily discoverable inadvance. Though most SJW trigger activism is focused on sexual violence, I'll use another kind of example (which could be about any kind of potential trigger but I'll use a war one). A movie about the Iraq War is obviously going to be triggering to an Iraq veteran with severe PTSD, and even if it isn't there are MPAA ratings that will say what to expect. That's enough, and there's no need for a dozen SJWs to stand in front of the theater with picket signs.
Jeb Bush had a bad week where he made a couple of admittedly-big blunders, but you're dismissing Hillary's email scandal and foreign donations scandal. Both of those are pretty big deals, even if they likely won't cost her the nomination. Even if I did initially like her, those would be huge red flags for me and I would not support a candidate with such a clear pattern of deceit and manipulation. You can't really point to Bush's week of blunders as a sign of his weakness and then not even mention Hillary's problems. I do agree though that Jeb will suffer from his last name unless Obama really screws up in the next year (thereby continuing to [improve W's polling numbers, especially relative to Obama](http://www.politico.com/story/2015/06/poll-george-w-bush-popularity-obama-popularity-118576.html)).
Didn't it just die yesterday?
Even with Alfredsson taking a slapshot at Niedermayer?
Better still: NEARLY THREE IN FOUR AMERICANS WANT VEHICULAR ANARCHY!
Yeah but then you're leasing a car...
You can buy almost literally anything in a Walmart or Target - they overlap very closely, with Walmart having a slightly larger selection but Target perceived to have slightly better quality (their stores were designed by a guy from Apple, Ron Johnson, who designed Apple stores).
You can't be serious...
Sorry, didn't mean for that to sound like a criticism of you, it's my criticism of that part of the video. Sure, it's great that old cities have churches on their skylines, but there's nothing wrong with similarly elevating our most prominent and important companies to that status today. The economy is the driving force of our society today (at least in the US), and it seems very fitting to me that the tallest building in the country is the World Trade Center - because that's literally what we are.
&gt; have to remember these are just rumors, but most likely true. /r/FindBostonBombers strikes again! We did it, Reddit!
Yeah but I mean over the course of the night. I generally have anywhere between 6-12 alcoholic drinks, which would mean something like a gallon of water in addition to drinks. That's a lot of liquid over the course of only a few hours!
Yeah seriously. If the Kings win next year, does that mean we had two simultaneous dynasties?! That seems like it defeats the whole purpose to me - a dynasty means you're unquestionably the best team in the league for at least four consecutive years.
Did you know Messier is literally Hitler?
Yes, but the Supreme Court said in *Merryman* that only Congress can suspend it.
How is that worse? I remember a few times watching my parents pay for people's groceries when their cards were declined, and each time the people were deeply thankful (and in tears).
That whole thing started because, IIRC, the mods of /r/marijuana went crazy and everyone left for /r/trees. Actual tree-enthusiasts were pissed and as revenge decided to take /r/marijuanaenthusiasts. I wasn't involved (no interest in marijuana but plenty in subreddit drama) and it was a little before my time, so I'm not clear on details, but that's basically the gist of it.
Actually, plenty of people have opinions on the guys that make some great toilet paper - the Kochs make either Quilted Northern or Charmin, I forget which.
The father of one of my friends, which I assume counts. He was the classic drug addict loser who spent all day high and failed out of high school. A couple of years out of school, he started a small blue-collar business that today means he owns more than a dozen cars, a very nice house, etc... and makes a killing.
There was a staircase in our high school that was really inconvenient to use for actually going between floors (it was on the end of the music wing, and there were more convenient stairs). It became the " sex stairs," where people would go as a really risky hookup spot. One day a music teacher walked in on one of his students (a notoriously promiscuous girl who now does porn) having sex on the staircase. He just turned around and walked away, never to speak of it again... Until another teacher caught her and another guy **in a music locker** and both stories got out.
"Verbally assault" is pretty strong way of phrasing it... I'd say it's closer to "overemphasize."
A friend of mine did something similar. He's a Tinder addict, and met up with a girl from it and had sex with her at her apartment. Two hours later he wakes up in bed and starts playing with his phone and ends up on Tinder again. Matches with a girl that's only a mile away, so he sneaks out of the first girl's place and hooks up with the second one while the first girl was still asleep in her own bed.
Okay but plenty of other people have been saying that they might even be a dynasty already, even if they don't win this year. As a fellow fan of a dynasty team, surely you understand my frustration.
It's four in four.
Awards generally don't go to bad restaurants, so if you have multiple awards from multiple sources (local papers, Zagat, etc...) I'm going to try your place. Have you never been to a historic restaurant? I spend a lot of time in an area where the restaurants have very cool history - a bar I go to has a booth where JFK proposed to Jackie, there's a city club nearby where Washington and Adams visited, and a Russian spy defected in the neighborhood Five Guys (which had been a French restaurant at the time, but the booth still has a plaque explaining the story). Those things add a lot of value to going to those places, at least for me. And it doesn't have to be on that level - there are restaurants in my home town that have their own stories. One bar is supposedly haunted, another restaurant grew out of a weekly brunch that one woman used to make for her friends (eventually someone convinced her to open it up as a restaurant and now it's a big local thing).
Can I blow both your minds for a second? Giant and Stop-and-Shop are the same company! I also think they own PeaPod.
I don't think I've ever felt like I was going to be stabbed at a Long Island Stop-and-Shop, though I don't really go to Pathmark or Waldbaums. I remember reading recently that [Waldbaum's was ranked the worst chain in the country](http://theweek.com/articles/549869/15-worst-supermarkets-inamerica), so that makes sense. Agreed though that the grocery stores I've been to recently down in DC/NoVA are very nice.
Thanks, I didn't see that.
That's not even close to true. Plenty of times I've tried to decide between a couple of different restaurants and I'll check their websites to find menus to compare.
How would you be able to take advantage of this?
Your scoreboard might be the oldest in the league, but only because the Coliseum just closed...
Start of the third.
I mean, you guys got into two...
TIL the Buffalo Bills had a dynasty twenty years ago.
Not sure if serious...
And before that, not since Hitler.
I have three sets that I got a couple of years ago for Christmas. They probably cost maybe $500 total back then, but now they're over $3500. I'm hesitant to sell them though because someday I'd love to out them together, but I'm also hesitant to open them because they're pretty valuable. I think I'm going to end up holding onto them until I can afford to spend $3500 for a few hours of fun.
You and I literally could not possibly disagree more on every single point of that.
It's a good thing they're not - they'd probably get someone killed!
Bill Gates is doing a damn good job of eradicating malaria and polio in the developing world, far better than any government has been able to do. Charities can be much more efficient than governments, and morally I'm much more supportive of voluntarily giving my money to a specific cause I support (and to a specific efficient and effective charity) rather than having my money taken from me to be wasted away in all kinds of inefficient ways on causes I may not even care about (or may even be opposed to).
Also, most of us wouldn't think twice of spending $7 on a beer at a bar. Why are we so stingy with literally pennies on Steam? Is it so people can amass 500+ game libraries? Because that's absurd anyway.
Since when is Gilgo Beach "out east"?
Not a problem - I live well east of Gilgo (northwest Suffolk) and was wondering if I'd missed a memo somewhere, because I'm certainly not "out east"!
Yeah, Vinny has a hell of a lot more goals in the Cup Final after all!
If you two do the same job, he's making at least double what you are, so there's that too.
Amen to that.
Freshman year, we lived in typical two person dorms on a big floor with about 80 people. For whatever reason, someone decided to get a stripper for a friend's birthday and had the bright idea to host said stripper in their dorm room (we typically had parties/pregames in our dorms, usually before heading out elsewhere). The stripper, when she arrives, brings three of her friends and asked if they could strip too. This obviously raised the price a bit but everyone was fine with it because hey, strippers. The RAs found out about this whole stripper party going on in a dorm room and wanted to shut it down, but there was nothing explicitly in the rules against strippers or hiring entertainment for the dorms, and they were cool enough not to bust us just for alcohol (sometimes they'd even bring *us* alcohol). Long story short, we blew a lot of money to create a "no strippers allowed in the dorms" rule at our school.
But everyone also has a phone and the cameras are even better on those while taking up a less obnoxious amount of space!
I've never had a problem with it. My strategy is for saving money is to not save my card information so I have to reinput it every time, forcing me to reconsider the purchase.
I think you mean the "if there was an expansion draft, what would you do?" and "If your team was a mailbox, what color would it be?" posts.
763.
How's that even possible? How did they take out loans in his name?
If "whack" means "awesome," then yes.
Tell her I'd like my money back.
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/superstorm-sandy-more-than-7-million-without-power/
Jeb said this too, when he moved the one in the Florida state capitol.
Have you been on Reddit before? There's always an active attempt to make Republicans look bad - literally look at /r/politics at any given moment.
That was season 6.
Thanks for the heads-up, as a native Long Islander myself!
As a Gentile guy with these preferences who's managed to accidentally date only Jewish girls... Yup. One time, my girlfriend's Jewish parents invited me over for dinner (not the first time, we'd been dating for a while but this was in high school) and somehow conversation drifted to a family friend of theirs who was about to get married to a non-Jew. I really don't think they meant anything of it, but suddenly I found the horizon extremely fascinating...
I was recently with a girl exactly like this, and she just ended things a few weeks ago. They're not easy to find.
Whether or not I do something is irrelevant to the point that there is in fact a distinction between "being vegan" and "eating ethically" (so long as your issue is purely with the poor treatment of animals raised for slaughter). And yes, my family actually raises our own chickens, thank you very much.
Things aren't illegal because they "serve no societal purpose." That's insane. Things are illegal when they *actively harm* society, not merely when they fail to benefit it. I do not want to live in a world where the only things that are legal are those which "serve societal purposes" (however vaguely defined those may be). And no, this isn't just a semantic point. It's a fundamental difference in thinking, about whether freedom or "social welfare" (again, whoever defines that and quantifies it) ought to determine our laws.
I don't disagree with most of that, but I don't see the difference between putting a statue in a museum and in a plaza/quad. Would you not say that a statue of someone in a major museum would be honoring that person?
Add up to $240k for college.
I mean, I get a free toothbrush every 6 months from the dentist and I don't use any of those (I use an electric toothbrush). Generally I'll use those on vacation or I'll get a free toothbrush from the front desk, so I generally have at least 4 or 5 extra ones stuffed in drawers at any given moment. I rarely have overnight guests from out of town, but if I ever do they likely have their own toothbrush or they can use one of those extras. And as far as girls go, I've never taken one home that I wasn't seeing for more than just the night, so I assume they've just used mine (or they've gone back to their place early in the morning and used their own there). I guess I should set an extra brand-new toothbrush out though.
Elaine does think it's a big deal though because they didn't even do a wipe down. If they had done a wipe down, then Elaine would be okay with it. This conversation would need to be a little longer (Elaine saying "I could see a wipe down, but not doing anything at all?!" to which Jerry should respond "What do you mean, you could see a wipe down?! What's that gonna do, spread the dirt around?"). Then they're ganging up on Elaine about the acceptability of wipe downs before she says" Alright well anyway, George, we can all agree there's something wrong with this woman." George replies: "Yeah, and apparently she's not the only one." In bursts Kramer with something irrelevant.
Well they were branded for U2's charity (something about saving Africa - AIDS or poverty, not sure which). I actually had one for this reason (I was getting an iPod anyway, so might as well get the one that sends money to a charity since it'll be in a case anyway so who cares what color it is?).
Is it just me or do their elbows look really weird? And so do their faces, actually.
They could still insist on compensation though, right? The Islanders had to pay the Rangers for the right to exist because the Islanders would be eating into what had been Rangers territory.
It was initially just for New Year's, but they've either brought it back or extended it (not sure if it ever went away).
Yup, that's my very first concrete sports memorabilia too (I'm 21). I also remember going to other games but nothing specific about them. I can recall the moment of the Boone Homer perfectly.
I don't want to freeze it though - I anticipate living elsewhere after graduation (maybe not for the first couple of weeks since I likely won't start my job immediately, but I won't be living at home long-term). Their policy is pretty dismal though: &gt;• You may suspend your membership for a minimum of one month, a maximum of 12 months, or any number of whole months in between. • Suspensions cannot occur during the first 60 days after enrollment, during a 30 day notice period for cancellation and cannot be applied retroactively or backdated. • Personal Training memberships must suspended with your general membership • During a membership suspension &gt; You will be charged a fee of $15 for each month that you remain on hold. &gt; You will not be billed your regular monthly dues . &gt; You may not use the club or any of its programs or services. &gt; Any applicable annual fee will be collected. So I'd still have to pay $15 a month anyway while I'm away at school (where I have a very nice gym that's included in tuition). All I want is a cheap (&lt;$30/month) place to work out twice a week until mid-August, and it's kind of crazy that gyms don't seem to have anything that works for me (since I'm sure this is a pretty common scenario).
Really? Wow, I guess I underestimated the price of a gym. I once did a 30-day trial of NYSC for $30 and was happy with it, and I'd gladly pay that for it if it didn't have these fees (as well as some [terrible customer services reviews](http://www.consumeraffairs.com/health_clubs/ny_sports_club.html)). This is only for two months and I'm not a serious gym-goer anyway so I guess I may have to do that for now. EDIT: Just looked it up and it's only $10 a month! Why isn't there something in between the shitty $10/month gym and a $40+/month gym?
I mean, I might as well...
The absurdly low salaries extend for the first 7 years of a player's career, with ELCs and RFA status.
[Apparently it's a science-fiction novel reference.](http://www.tor.com/2015/01/23/elon-musk-iain-m-banks-just-read-the-instructions/)
Not really - it's a comfortable middle-class living in most places though (maybe upper-middle class in some areas), which contrasts very strongly with &lt;$10k (which is dirt-poor, literally below the poverty line) as a hooker.
So a foot over their heads?
Milbury?
True, though realistically any beach is going to be crowded.
Don't even fucking joke.
I predict a serious decrease in the number of developers willing to build subsidized housing units. You have to build 20% of your units as subsidized ones in order to qualify for the tax breaks. Most people (bankers, lawyers, doctors, consultants, etc...) paying market rate for high-end housing do not want to share elevators and lounge areas with poor people. Most people in general want to live and hang out with people that are like them, who share common interests and lifestyles, and the rich are no different. All this will do is reduce the number of new subsidized housing units built in Manhattan and prevent poor people from being able to live in safer areas with better public services. Typical misguided De Blasio policy.
As far as the government should be concerned? Yes it is. You and I don't have to choose to do that in our own lives, but why should the government be concerned about the spiritual/romantic aspects of our marriages?
It doesn't really say what he did - can you explain further?
Exactly. People are outraged over the idea of rich people and poor people living parallel existences within one physical structure, but no one questions rich people and poor people living parallel existences in separate physical structures separated by many blocks/miles (and with vastly different safety and neighborhood situations). It's a knee-jerk reaction to something that is perfectly reasonable. Frankly I don't even support subsidized housing anyway, so I think it's especially ridiculous for people to complain that their scheme to force rich and poor people to live together and completely subsidize an incredible housing situation for poor people (luxurious amenities spaces including lounges, gyms, pools, etc...) only partially worked.
I'll sort of agree with that, but at the same time "promoting" does not mean "promoting to the exclusion of." Surely you don't want gay people staying in the closet and marrying straight women to reproduce. I agree with promoting stable monogamous couples and nuclear families, but I don't see what you propose doing with all the gay people that are by definition left out of that system.
Sanders can win in Vermont because Vermont is weird, politically. He sure as hell won't help a centrist like Clinton win in states like Ohio, Virginia, Florida, etc...
Sorry about that - on which part? Were you the one who rescued /r/IAMA? Thanks again for that, by the way!
Are you fucking kidding me, Doc?!
When she was in 10th grade, my cousin watched one of those documentaries about factory farming and decided to try going vegetarian. Her parents figured it was a phase, and her older brother dared her to last more than a week. 9 years later, she's still going - at least partially because eating meat now would be admitting it was a phase (though obviously she has more serious reasons for it now).
I bought a PSU from them and used it for about 4 years before I posted a question (I forget whether it was here or on another subreddit) about something unrelated. I included info about my build and everyone jumped on me for having a Rosewill PSU, warning that it was going to melt down and destroy my computer any day. I figured I wouldn't be getting a dozen comments begging me to upgrade if there wasn't a reason, so I upgraded to a Corsair, but in retrospect I still don't really understand what the problem was (considering it had been fine for 4+ years at that point).
We're certainly not going to invade you guys anytime soon. The real threat (not that there's much of one, because these are highly unlikely scenarios) would be Russia or China coming from across the Pacific. If that were the case, you wouldn't even need your own fleet because the U.S. would never let anyone (whether Russia, China, or anyone else) invade a North American ally.
Are you saying he's a college student or something? I'm confused.
Yeah, I guess I haven't looked into it in a long time. That's good to know about the G510s though - maybe I'll have to look into that eventually. Also, my first-generation G15 has 18 programmable keys (for 54 total with the three different modes).
Agreed - and any attack on Canada is treated as an attack on the United States anyway, under Article V of NATO. The invading country would be in for a rude awakening.
My frame of reference is mostly NYC (and DC), so maybe my numbers are just kind of high. A beer normally averages $7-10 in a bar in either of those places though (depends on the bar, of course). I recently paid $7 for what turned out to be a can of Yuengling (relatively cheap beer, normally) at a moderately-upscale bar in DC, which I did think was ridiculous but was the normal price there.
Why is it shitty?
There's clearly a stronger similarity between the First Order and the Empire than there is between the Trade Federation and the Empire... and the Trade Federation's blockade was nothing like the Starkiller. The blockade was basically a mothership controlling a droid army, whereas the Starkiller is literally just a giant Death Star (which they even joked about in the movie, to our faces, as if it was perfectly okay to copy-and-paste the plot). TFA is much more similar to ANH than TPM is.
They should really make this mandatory viewing at Oberlin.
It really should be right now.
I don't even think it's a choice - my parents bought a GM car back in 2009 and it had that, but there's no way my dad would **ever** choose that option (unless it was mandatory).
It's really not that hard, actually. I could definitely see people looking to outlaw human-driven cars in ~30-40 years if self-driving cars can have virtually 0 accidents. MADD and other groups would jump at the chance to remove human error and prevent bystander deaths, even at the cost of making driving illegal.
This is literally exactly what he's talking about though... (And I'm in favor of marriage equality, for the record.)
Tracks aren't quite the same though. Not even close, actually.
Uh, how? I mean, I did okay when I had a Twin XL but that was because everyone had one - it certainly wasn't preferable to the Full I have now.
At least in my family, it would be considered "improper." My mother thinks it's "disgusting" that my 29-year-old cousin and his girlfriend have lived together for 2 years. And no, we're not especially religious (Cafeteria Catholics, essentially) - we're just very uptight and prudish, for the most part.
I hope no one took you as joking (which I'm worried about with the Trinity knot response...). The Pratty/Shelby is probably the best all-purpose knot, in my opinion. Medium thickness, symmetrical, very easy to tie.
I get the sense that they're just making wild guesses for most/all of those numbers. Is there really any justification to say that Batman's giant corporation (or Lex Luthor's) is worth less than Tony's? I mean really, how much data is there to give good comparisons of Stark Industries, Wayne Enterprises, and LexCorp? And how do we know what percentage ownership each of them have?
That's only about $4 MM though (assuming $10/ticket).
There's significant disagreement (at least within the population) as to the meaning. Some interpret "well-regulated" to mean something like "well-functioning." Some also interpret the sentence as if it's saying, "In part because we need a militia, the right to bear arms is necessary" - in other words, the militia isn't a *requirement* for the right, it's merely a partial justification. The Supreme Court ruled in 2008 that the militia component is NOT necessary in order to have the right to keep and bear arms.
I agree with most (though certainly not all) of the points he makes. OP, I do think this is worth discussing and I don't think it's right that everyone's downvoted you. Personally, I would put 7 firmly behind 4-6, probably behind 3, and only marginally ahead of 1 and 2. My main criticism is the fact that it's so derivative, but I like some of the other critiques he raises. I'm glad someone finally broke down how ridiculous Starkiller Base is, both from a writing and physics perspective. I also think he's right that they probably chose not to have much political exposition (beyond "Republic and Resistance good, First Order bad") because of how much people hated it in the Prequel Trilogy, and I think that was a big problem with TFA - they didn't really give us a good explanation for why we were in the same situation from IV all over again.
Have you read the books? In the beginning, she's a social outcast, nerdy/dorky, and no one likes her at all. He's not saying that Emma Watson is ugly.
Emma Watson was 11 or 12 when that movie was filmed.
When I need to get somewhere in my city and the metro isn't a good option (it's late at night, it doesn't go where I want to go, I'm going a short distance, whatever), I pull out my phone and go to the Uber app without a second thought. That kind of monopoly on a social behavior is incredibly valuable, assuming they can get the hardware down.
What would you say is the "normal" version then?
Does she really push a rags-to-riches story? I'm certainly no fan of hers, but I don't have a problem with her either. There's nothing wrong with her being born rich, working hard, and becoming very rich, as long as she doesn't misrepresent that.
*Cars* wasn't too bad, but *Cars 2* was mediocre at best, and terrible by Pixar standards.
It's not about it being difficult, it's about how much time that kind of stuff takes throughout your day. The bodyman is responsible for making sure everything is the way the president needs it to be - his coffee is always made the right way, every document he might need is on the plane/in the car, there's always a backup shirt and tie in case of a spill, the right snacks are always available, etc... Think of all the time you spend dealing with that kind of stuff in your own life, and imagine how much more productive you'd be if you could work during all of that time.
I'm guessing he changed it after 9/11?
Smithtown (where he lived) is nowhere near the Hamptons - about an hour and a half away, I'd say. That being said, the Hamptons were part of his jurisdiction.
I don't think he's the Gilgo Killer, but there's clearly something very serious and very complicated going on here. I've heard a lot of rumors recently, and it sounds like this thing is only going to continue to get weirder and bigger.
&gt; We can realistically assume that the basement for any Republican going into 2016 is going to be Romney's 46.5%, so we'll start with that. What makes you think this is a good assumption? Romney was a better candidate than several of the current ones, and the economy is much better today (under a Democratic president) than it was when Obama was running for re-election in 2012.
&gt; If people disagree or vehemently oppose your views, perhaps it's best not to make them public anymore. Uhhh.....
Look at what's happened in NY, CT, and MD. It's not just at the federal level.
I'm very partial to Romney, personally, but I think he has much greater electoral appeal than Cruz, Trump, and probably Bush (at least post-Trump). Rubio would generate a lot more enthusiasm though.
One of the keys on my laptop popped off for some reason, and I've been trying to figure out how to put it back on. I've been putting it off because it's a scissor switch and seems impossible to get back on...
"Oh yeah? That sounds like the time I helped blow up the Starkiller base!" *cue all of Ep. VII*
For a little bit, yes, but as soon as you hit the next tax bracket it jumps back up again.
Presumably she knows her driver's cookie preferences if she brings him cookies every single day.
Steven Spielberg isn't far behind at $3.6 BN compared to $4.8 BN for Lucas.
When it rains, it pours, apparently.
Actually, it turns out we had recorded it so it isn't live. Still though, I'm curious and a bit confused.
I don't mind the fact that she didn't know they were banned at first, but the fact that she had to get in that little "Okay, well, I don't really care what you just said because no one should have automatic weapons." at the end after he had explained that they're illegal - **and she got loud applause for it!!!** was absolutely infuriating.
I've always been taught not to tip on tax too.
Once you're a certain level of WASP, you come up with weird nicknames for your kids. I have a friend who goes by "Trip" because he's a John Smith III (not his actual name).
I don't understand how they spend it on stuff that loses its value, but it's not very difficult to spend a lot of money in real estate. *If I had bottomless pockets,* I'd have an expensive apartment in my city of choice, a summer home in the Hamptons, a ski home in Aspen/Sun Valley/Jackson Hole, a small private island in the Caribbean, and a vineyard somewhere (French countryside?). Maybe even an old castle in Europe (which are actually surprisingly cheap). Altogether, that could easily be $100 MM even if you got above-average-but-not-the-priciest homes in each place.
They're going to be making these movies for another 40 years or more, so there's no such thing as "the last" anything here.
I imagined that at first, and then wondered how it would apply in hockey. I guess each team would line up at their goal line and then the traded players would slowly skate to the other side, shaking hands at center ice.
Technically true, though you'll understand what I mean if you see the new movie.
If that's the case, then there's also Tap and Barrel in Hauppauge on Wednesday nights. I went for the first time last night and it was pretty good. EDIT: Just noticed that I'm being downvoted - why?
I overheard a kid say "shits" at school once in 2nd grade, and he said it was okay because it had an "s" at the end. I then used it when my seatbelt wouldn't buckle in the car with my mom, thinking I'd be cool and show that I knew the trick to make that word okay, and she was not happy.
Every day in Manhattan, thousands of millionaires take the subway to and from work. You might be sitting next to someone worth eight or nine figures on any given morning because it's much more convenient to take the subway than to drive through rush hour traffic.
292 million now, actually, which is why the jackpots have gotten bigger the past few years.
I do...
Unfortunately there were many moments like that for me and the Starkiller thing totally ruined it for me.
Nah, Jar Jar is the key to all of this.
Agreed. One of the many reasons I decided not to take them up on the offer to live at home rent-free for the first 6 months after college.
I'm surprised he didn't say to just wait for the movie.
Yep.
You're never *required* to disclose your previous salary. They strongly prefer it and they really want to know it, yes, but it's not like it's literally impossible for them to process your on-boarding paperwork unless they have that number. Don't lie, but don't give them the truth either. If you're applying for a different role at a different firm, all that really matters in determining your pay is your skill and experience.
If he comes in 2nd in Iowa (a poll came out today saying that he is in 2nd), he'll be able to make a case that he should be the Establishment pick instead of Rubio, Christie, and Kasich. If he does come 2nd in Iowa, he absolutely has to be 1st or 2nd in SC, which will only happen if his older brother basically moves there for the next few weeks AND Lindsey Graham openly endorses and campaigns for Jeb!. If he can come in 2nd in NH (~35% chance as of right now, in my view) and 1st or 2nd in SC (5% chance if we're being generous), he'd be a real contender again - still behind Trump, but at least equal to Cruz and Rubio. That's a really, *really* big "if" though, and this is coming from someone who donated to the guy.
FDIC insures $250k per person per bank.
Not even - I only buy tickets ($10 worth) when the jackpot is over $200 MM. That's only happened [12 times in the past 3 years.](http://portalseven.com/lottery/powerball_jackpot_winners.jsp)
By far and away, yes. If you take the lump sum and invest it in the market, you'll be a billionaire in about 10-15 years (at least for this jackpot).
It would be easy to do for the first week or two - plenty of cars would cost more than that, actually. The Audi R8 I customized tonight when I was daydreaming about winning would have cost around $190k alone.
You'd be much, much better-off if you took the lump sum. It would only take about 10-15 years to be a true billionaire instead of a faux billionaire with the annuity (since you know in advance you won't actually get to keep the full $1.3 BN and the actual payout will be under $1 BN with that method).
No, but they do! And they're the ones writing it off!
Never?! I'm not even a big fan of rollercoasters and I'll only really go on mid-sized ones, but you're missing out. And what do you mean? Obviously the track doesn't change, but it's usually still enjoyable the second/third/tenth time.
This is the biggest jackpot in the history of the world. Whether it's in the United States or in Sri Lanka, it's definitely relevant to this subreddit.
It's not worth $2 for a 1-in-292-million chance at winning $10 MM, no. Especially since that would mean buying it every week - this way we can play once or twice a year when it gets gigantic like this and not feel bad about wasting $20 a year on it.
Can you move to one of these states immediately after winning and then come forward a few months later to claim it? I would want to do this for publicity AND tax reasons.
No one who owns a private jet and a world-class estate stops at just that. You'd also "need" a place in the Hamptons, a place in Aspen/Sun Valley/Jackson Hole/etc..., a yacht, etc...
If Sanders wins both IA and NH though, suddenly the media narrative is that Hillary is collapsing/he's crushing her/etc..., which could really shift the election. If he only wins NH, it's not a big deal because he's from VT. And I'm certainly not feeling the Bern - I'm a Jeb! supporter, that rare and elusive specimen.
Well I'm prepared to support Rubio if necessary, but I'm concerned that he's not experienced enough (especially after Obama, I want an experienced and successful governor) and that he's way too hawkish. He's clearly intelligent though (one of the things I like most about Jeb!) and could bridge the gap between Establishment and Tea Party, a la Paul Ryan (and incidentally, Ryan and Rubio seem to be Romney's choices for the future of the party, and I like Romney). Jeb! is my preferred choice, but yeah, it's not very likely at this point.
And from the top of the left circle, of course!
If he averages 40 a year for the next 5 years (until age 35) and then 20 a year for the 5 after that (until age 40), he'd be at 800. That's not totally unreasonable for him.
About your last sentence, is that really true? Couldn't one write, "I'm looking forward to the game tomorrow."?
[Even better](www.redditlist.com/nsfw)
It's formatted right but I'm not sure why it didn't work - probably because I'm on my phone, I guess.
Weirdly enough, I'm begrudgingly making the Caps my second team (about to graduate from a school in DC and I'll be working in the area next year), so I wouldn't really want him to leave either. But 500 goals, many of them against my Islanders, is a tall order to accept...
I'm sure they care primarily about their personal ambitions, but at the end of the day all four of those guys do care a lot about the party - that's why they're Establishment guys in the first place. Bush especially would be furious to see the party of his brother, his father, and his grandfather be disgraced by Trump.
I've heard this legendary story before, and every time it makes me at least briefly question my normally-unwavering support of capitalism and the mutual benefits from trade with poor countries. If there's such a thing as exploiting the Third World, it's this.
Well that at least makes sense - Trump has been a Democrat for most of his life and he's a big fan of Hillary's. I would expect a fair amount of Trump/Clinton overlap.
He spoke at the RNC in 2012. Remember the infamous "Empty Chair" speech?
I would think that a significant percentage are people who did not go to school at all. For example, this category would include high school dropouts who got pregnant, had a kid, and never married.
By that logic, 33% if you include Martin O'Malley.
Trump voters are poor, actually. They're basically rural and Rust Belt whites who have lost jobs to outsourcing and immigration.
Was it changed to avoid the association with Hermann?
Chino Hills is apparently an upper-middle class area though, so maybe that trend was broken here.
James Bond takes horrific torture with a smile and a joke.
"New York values" doesn't really mean fiscal conservatism; New York blows through a lot of money and there's all kinds of things that fiscal conservatives oppose (very strong unions, massive public infrastructure projects, extremely high taxes, etc...). It definitely means social liberalism though.
Vinny Lecavalier is a great example.
2008 was Halo 3 era, actually.
When he finally releases his tax plan (probably a few days before the election, at this rate...), Hillary will point out all the ways in which it raises taxes on *everyone*. Even if he somehow manages to survive that (which will only happen if he's able to convince Democratic voters that significantly higher taxes are a fair trade for massive social programs), the Republican candidate will make sure everyone knows how much Bernie will increase taxes and will remind people of the failures of state-run social programs (e.g., comparing Bernie's healthcare plan to Obamacare on steroids, which will be very powerful even if it's not exactly true).
He announced today that he wants a 52% top marginal rate for income above $10 MM.
[Turns out](https://berniesanders.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/Medicare-for-All.pdf) that yes, everyone will pay it, though richer people will pay more.
Their employers will still be paying the 6.2% component of the tax, and it doesn't matter whether you tax the employer or the employee - either way, it still has the same tax incidence. And a family of four making a little over $28,800 a year still definitely cannot afford to pay additional taxes.
http://americanbenefitscouncil.org/pub/e605e21d-d89d-c26d-2e89-de078881c3ae
No, it depends on the tax and the behavior being taxed.
I was asked out by this really cute girl in 8th grade while we were at a science competition. My friend (who was also there) told me it was a joke, and I said no to her even though she was *clearly* actually interested (in retrospect). Turns out that he was interested in her so he manipulated me into saying no. And now she's a model.
Why would he want a demotion and the limits that accompany it? He'd be First Gentleman and wield his enormous influence to help her with Congress and with the public.
Just because "paper shuffling" is harder to understand than "making apps that let you send pictures that disappear" does not mean that it's inherently any less valuable.
Don't forget Jeb, who will be very competitive in South Carolina (probably 2nd or 3rd).
The Establishment can't do very much if Trump wins BOTH early states though (and he's leading in SC too). If Cruz had won, my hope was that the Trump aura of invincibility would be shattered. It seems like that's not going to happen now though.
As a fellow New Yorker, I really don't understand what you're all angry about. It's pretty clear that when he said "New York values" he was referring to the values of Bloomberg, De Blasio, Cuomo, Rangel, Clinton, Gillibrand, etc... and not the handful of NYC-area conservatives of which you and I are a part. NYC - and New York State in general - is (in)famous for social progressivism and Big Government nanny-state policies on everything from taxes to gun control to public nudity. NYC's values are very different from those of Iowa or much of the rest of the country, and it's not unreasonable to draw that distinction.
I agree that we shouldn't just write off the cities, but I'm definitely not offended that Cruz singled out New York as a bastion of liberalism. Aside from maybe SF, we are definitely the most iconically-liberal city in the country. There's like one zip code (on the Upper East Side) with a majority of Republicans. I'm not saying that NYC conservatives should be chastised for living in the greatest city in the world, but it's pretty clear that "New York values" are those which are held among the vast majority of New Yorkers. Similarly, I think there's such a thing as "American values" but that doesn't mean that every single person in the country holds exactly the same values. And yeah, of course Buckley was awesome (and honestly I'm impressed that Trump knew to reference him on the spot like that), but he's hardly representative of the majority of New Yorkers.
Cerberus is phenomenal. Unquestionably the best phone security app.
She's one of the most liberal mainstream politicians in the country. Yes, she's well outside the range of most moderates' political positions. If Bernie is serious about winning, he needs to pick a moderate who's still liberal enough to seem like a legitimate pick for him but also sane enough to be a legitimate potential president (because of his age/health).
Well we'll see if that's the case if and when he releases his medical records.
None of those quotes are very extreme. I distinctly remember watching him give the answer to the rape and incest exception question, and he very carefully and deliberately avoided committing either way - basically he just says he's never stated his opinion on it and that he's disgusted by the number of abortions that have been committed. Nowhere in that quote does he explicitly say that he opposes abortion in cases of rape or incest. The guy's a master politician and I think his rhetorical skills are actually underappreciated.
[Atherton, CA has one of the best police blotters in the country.](http://www.mercurynews.com/peninsula/ci_18770819) It's one of the wealthiest towns in the Bay Area, and some of their police reports are insane. Examples: &gt;A person seen walking at midday for two days in a row was contacted and determined to be using lunch breaks to get some exercise. &gt;Fruit has been disappearing from a tree. &gt;Loud birds were reported. Police responded and settled the situation.
"I don't agree with the furthest-left member of Congress who self-identifies as a socialist and wants to dramatically expand every single social program" != "Who needs social programs? Screw poor people, let's just have a totally unregulated market!"
I'm a semester away from a degree in economics, if that counts. He's sort of right - there's definitely an overall benefit, but it's certainly not equally distributed. Manufacturing workers often lose their jobs overseas while consultants and bankers benefit directly (from increased wages and more jobs) and consumers in general benefit (from lower prices). Free trade is still definitely the best policy, but it's disingenuous to say it affects everyone in the population exactly equally.
"Everybody"?
Oh god please no.
John Hickenlooper, Corey Booker, Deval Patrick. You're right though, their bench is much shallower than the Republican one.
Several of them (Bush, Kasich, Perry, Pataki, Walker) are successful governors and a few more are prominent senators (Rubio, Cruz, Paul, Graham). In particular, I'd say Bush, Kasich, Perry, and Pataki have great résumés, though they all have some flaws that have held them back. On paper though, they're all very qualified.
High school is for children (ages 14-18, typically).
Sorry, I'm not going to tell you the name of the Senator because it would be bad for the Senator and for my friend. You can choose not to believe me, but my story is accurate.
Bernie may vote the same way in legislation as Clinton did, but that doesn't mean his proposals are anything like what she would propose. They both supported liberal legislation that had been introduced and brought to a vote by others, but those aren't necessarily their ideal policy preferences (or the ones they would advocate as president).
Yep!
Redditlist.com has the list of all subreddits, broken up into SFW and NSFW categories.
Most people don't buy just one share of stock at a time, so a $450 share price keeps out many middle-class people who want to buy 100 shares of a stock at a time.
I think you know what he meant. Sure, a 35-year-old body shop mechanic is *eligible* for the presidency, but that doesn't mean he's *prepared*.
The Deep South *seceded* - they certainly didn't succeed.
Bloomberg has 10 times as much money as Trump.
&gt; there are no qualities of life that lay outside the bounds of what can be bought. I'm going to have to disagree with this very strongly. Love is definitely something that can't be bought. Just because you can hire a matchmaker (which anyone can do fairly easily with a dating site or Tinder now anyway) does not mean you can simply "buy" the personal intimate connection you have with the other person. And even aside from love, there are all kinds of other problems that can't be solved with money or that are even created by money. A close friend of mine stands to inherit nearly $100 MM, but he struggles with depression and self-doubt because he doesn't think he measures up to his father (despite being very successful in his own right) and he has somewhat distant/cold relationships with both of his parents (who are both workaholics and have exerted a ton of pressure on him throughout his life). Sure, he'll be able to afford the best therapists in the world if he wants to, but that doesn't mean those problems don't actually exist in a real and serious way. Similarly, my aunt grew up fairly wealthy (though not nearly as wealthy as my friend), and her brother eventually OD'ed on expensive drugs. No amount of counseling or other programs were able to help him in the years leading up to it. I would also call the attainment of personal goals and achievement/fulfillment a "quality of life," and in a lot of cases you can't just spend money to do that. In fact, you won't ever really be satisfied with yourself even if you do "accomplish" those goals by spending money - it's simply not the same thing as legitimately accomplishing your real goals through hard work and effort, and you'll know if yourself even if no one else does.
Yeah, but there's a different connotation. When I hear "refugee" I picture innocent people sitting in a life raft waiting to be rescued. When I hear "migrant" I think of shifty wanderers trying to settle in a place - there's even a slight mental association with "vermin."
Honestly I did this once during finals last year. I had two pairs of clean underwear left but knew I didn't have time to do laundry for at least 3 more days, so I ordered a new package from Amazon.
&gt; Millionaires represent a tiny portion of the general population, yet, in people running for presidency, they represent at least more than half. By "more than half," surely you mean "nearly all"? I can only think of perhaps Sanders, Rubio, and O'Malley that aren't, and Rubio or O'Malley could very easily walk over to K Street and make millions if they wanted to.
'We'll even fly down the trench to get to the weak spot, because we all know these things always have weak spots!'
See also: Wave, Buzz.
Yeah, he had an invisible bone spur in his foot. I'm sure it hurt like hell.
Who ever said those are ulterior motives? I have absolutely nothing against someone wanting to perfect their life's work because they truly enjoy it beyond the money it gives them. All I'm saying is that there's still a strong motivation to be involved with the work even if it has no tangible financial benefit.
I certainly hope his wife wouldn't divorce him for ending his career at 37 instead of 39 or 40.
To be fair, I'm assuming your dues are a lot more than $6...
They hurt Hillary, but not the party itself. Bernie is saying that the party is corrupt and that the mechanisms of the party are working against him as a candidate.
True. More accurately, I'm not sure if the Steinbrenner kids would open their wallets that much.
And yet everyone made fun of Rumsfeld when he said this.
Jeb was a governor, grandpa was a senator, dad was a president, and his brother was a president too. By far the most prolific dynasty in the history of American politics.
I'm very much a fan of the Bush family, so I agree with you, for the most part.
Jeb could win the general if he makes it there.
My problem is that I'm a 16.75" neck, but I wear a medium slim-fit T-shirt normally. I just have a huge neck relative to my body, which makes shirts impossible to size (basically I have to get an extra slim fit if there is one, even though I'm 170 pounds).
RemindMe! 2 hours
How about this: if I paid $800,000 for a thingamajig today, and then 20 years from now I can only sell it for $400,000, should I just ignore that massive loss because "it shouldn't be viewed as an investment"?
Cars are generally intended to depreciate - they have a fixed life and their practical/intrinsic value diminishes over time. Houses, on the other hand, can last centuries, and for most of their lives they have relatively stable intrinsic values.
Same. My battery life has taken a nosedive since upgrading to Marshmallow about a week ago though, so I'm starting to consider new phones, and the only ones that have stood out are the S7 Edge, Nexus 6P, and maybe the G5 (because of the removable battery). All of those have some downsides though, and I might just wait until October for the next round of Nexus phones.
Sounds like French's own book, as well as that National Review article (written by a colleague of his, because David French is himself an NR columnist).
Look up James Burke, the Suffolk County Police Chief. A lot of people strongly suspect that he's involved, or at least that he knows who is and is covering for them. There's a conspiracy theory (passed around by a lot of people with connections to cops I know) in which the victims were all prostitutes hired by influential local people (including politicians and wealthy donors) for parties at Oheka Castle, which would explain why someone tried to assassinate the owner a few years ago.
Well there was that PING just now...
Finally some help from the post!
Sanders is most definitely not a great debater. He has a single refrain that he constantly goes back to (milyunayuhs and bilyunayuhs, Wall Street, the one puhcent, etc...), and has very little ability to go deep into policy details on much of anything. Rubio is a far, far better debater than Sanders - aside from that one moment in NH, he was easily the best Republican on any of those stages (honorable mentions to Cruz and Fiorina though).
Freedom of air travel, unlike gun ownership, is not an explicit Constitutionally-guaranteed right.
Islanders and Yankees are the only two I actually care about. I also went to college in DC and will be moving there soon, so I'm going to start rooting for the Nationals (at least when they're not playing the Yankees, which isn't often anyway) and *maybe* the Capitals (well, if anything I'll root for them to be 2nd place to us). I don't care at all about either football or basketball.
&gt; You are assuming without any substantive evidence that the emails she deleted were work-related. She had no obligation to turn over personal emails to the government. And you are assuming that we can always trust government officials to be honest when they're unilaterally deciding which emails are personal and therefore not required of them to turn over.
Yeah, at least Cruz has a fair amount of charisma and is an excellent public speaker. Walker was boring and wasn't very confident.
At least in my troop, this wouldn't be approved. Our rule (which I thought was a broader BSA rule, but it sounds like other commenters have had different experiences) is that your project must be a permanent physical thing that has a lasting impact. Examples from our troop include bird enclosures for a local wildlife preserve, fences for a school for special needs kids, gardens (with patios and benches) for the local library, etc... Even if you can get this project approved, I would suggest thinking of something else. I love the fact that I can drive past my project and clearly see it from the road, that I can go sit and eat lunch on the benches I built, etc... Even if you just make little bird houses (as one kid in our troop did because his birthday was rapidly approaching), you can always go for a walk and see them and know that they're your doing. Good luck!
Huh, the more you know, I guess. I'm sure a few kids in my troop would've loved to know that a few years ago.
I just mentioned it to my dad (our former Scoutmaster) and he was surprised by it. Unfortunately I'm going to miss visiting my troop's COH next week because I'll be away on vacation (I was hoping to drop by and say hi to the last few kids and parents I know), but maybe I'll send an email if i remember.
I almost bought at $40, but I was in college and didn't really have the money to put more than $1k or so in, so I didn't bother. Oops.
And I couldn't see my party, after nominating Mitt Romney (a competent, well-mannered, brilliant, serious professional with strong moral convictions) just 4 years ago, nominating a racist/misogynistic/xenophobic know-nothing buffoon. And then they did.
She's relatively unlikable, and Democrats have held the White House for 12 years now (assuming she wins). All it would take, I think, is a charismatic Republican (Rubio or Ryan could have done it, but now it's a mess with them both endorsing Trump) and the right economic circumstances.
Not really. Romney had actual policy proposals that could be defended by serious economists, and he was a competent self-made (yes, really) businessman who had at least some practical understanding of the economy. He certainly played up that image a bit, but he wasn't telling minority groups that they should vote for him "because jobs."
I hadn't even considered that - you might have a very good point. Cleveland isn't exactly a bastion of Republican support, but the idea of the RNC destroying a city doesn't bode well for future GOP candidates there.
&gt; the weight and gravitas to deal with other world leaders that I don't think another woman would have today. Condi? Not that she's still active in politics, for the most part, but she definitely would carry the same sort of gravitas.
Rich Catholics often do though - the Catholic parts of Long Island are pretty heavily Republican, for example (whether descended from Irish or Italian immigrants).
Even compared to Trump? Because that's what the context is, and it's important - it isn't just about whether she's better than Obama.
Gotcha, that makes sense. Some other people in this thread sounded like they didn't like the idea of sharing income at all.
Taking the nomination from Trump means the end of the party, essentially - we'd lose an enormous number of his voters, not only in this election but in future elections as well. As much as I'd love to do it, there are too many of them to sacrifice all of their votes.
&gt; Unfortunately, there's a big wide world outside of affluent, conservative suburbs. Unfortunately indeed. &gt;The only folks he wins over are the business conservatives. Even then, he certainly wasn't business conservatives' candidate of choice (that was Bush by a country mile), and for most people I know who would describe themselves as such, Rubio was preferable to Kasich until Rubio started to fall apart.
Do not tell your employer that you're about to be homeless. It might not end well, because most employers don't want someone who they think might shower, might be late to work, might have a good reason for being homeless (many homeless people are mentally ill or have criminal histories), etc... Instead, say that money is extremely tight for you for the next 2 weeks and you would really appreciate being paid as you go. I also like the suggestion of asking someone to front you the money, but I don't know if you have anyone in your life who can just give you $2k or whatever as a short-term, interest-free loan (many people can't swing that).
Trump should not have won Virginia.
Thanks, I didn't think she was anymore but couldn't think of any other admins off the top of my head.
How do you feel about voter ID laws? Your justification for caucuses is exactly the same as the one people use to justify making voters get a photo ID in order to exercise their political voice.
"Strong chance"? I would've given him an 80% chance of taking Florida.
No, he most certainly was not. He was just out of college.
401ks and IRAs aren't the only ways to accumulate money, so I'm guessing he had other investment accounts.
Even Secretary of Labor isn't really a major cabinet role like State, Defense, or Treasury would be. Of those, I think I would only consider a former Secretary of State or a former Secretary of Defense to have viable presidential experience.
I agree on the strollers, but luggage is fine if you know what you're doing and just put it immediately in front of you.
Not only that, but the system they're proposing involves a watchlist that we know involves discrimination against religious groups and certain ethnic and national backgrounds.
Why would we change our dollar? We're by far the largest economy in the world (especially with the UK leaving the EU), and the USD is the primary reserve currency of the world. The British can learn to accept our dollar and give up pounds sterling, if it comes to it.
I would bet almost anything that it did not, given my understanding of Greenwich and the people I know who live there.
"U.S. liberal" does not mean "centrist"; it means "U.S. liberal", though you can say that in a particular context it would be considered centrist (if the Democrats were moved to the UK, for example).
Yeah, all the other prices were plausible. Just not the hot dogs or water.
Upper East Side is arguably the wealthiest neighborhood in the entire world. It's located on the east side of Central Park, south of Harlem. Columbia is on the Upper West Side, slightly north of thr boundary line for the UES (96th Street), at 116th Street. Sane general area (northern/uptown Manhattan), but not the same neighborhoods.
Hillary made a huge issue out of the fact that Obama's father was a Muslim during the primaries. Remember the photograph she leaked where hes wearing the traditional tribal garb in Kenya?
Hillary made a huge issue out of the fact that Obama's father was a Muslim during the primaries. Remember the photograph she leaked where hes wearing the traditional tribal garb in Kenya?
Wait, really? I would understand if you thought a moneybomb would get people to actually donate if they were on the fence, but if you already intend to donate, why wait for an event?
Sure, but *within* a state is very different. To my knowledge, there isn't any plan to extend this line to Arizona, is there?
Did you ever get an answer?
Really wish I'd seen this early this morning - they're sold out for the day, and it looks like I have to wait until next time I'm in Rome to see it...
Oh definitely. On one hand, he has no practical ability to lead the country now that it basically gave a vote of no confidence in him (since this was such a major vote and one he had so strongly advocated against). On the other, he must feel bad about the path forward and he probably doesn't want an even worse legacy than he's about to have.
Conservatives don't miss the Fairness Doctrine - most are opposed to it because it would impact conservative talk radio.
They were founded by the guy who started Christian Science, if I remember correctly, and he required that the name not be changed, but they are nonpartisan and decent quality.
&gt;No one ever counts on the youth vote anyways. Tell that to David Cameron.
California would be fine, but NY would be screwed for the same reason London just got screwed. NYC provides financial services to the rest of the country and has access to the capital market of the largest economy on Earth. If that changes, its economy tanks.
Uh, I think you mean 2 years... there's no way that $30k is going to cover 10 years of housing in any major city, let alone SF.
Well yeah, my point is that AM conservative talk radio would be hurt by the Fairness Doctrine, which is why Rush and Hannity were talking up their opposition a few years ago when it was under consideration.
Would thee be a cap recapture hit? I thought that was only if a player signed after age 35.
Alcohol can be good for you if consumed in moderation. No amount of cigarette smoke is good for your health.
Thanks for the refresher! So what's the level of cap recapture - is it (like for over 35 contracts) the full amount for the duration of the contract after retirement, or is it something else?
Yeah, a perfect example is that even the president, who is only half-Kenyan, is considered black. I have no idea what this guy's talking about.
He was already dead.
Even then, he'll just put Medvedev in the chair for a term and then resume control for another two terms himself. Putin will likely rule until he dies, unless a major catastrophe befalls Russia or him personally.
Ah, the Macbeth rationale.
Well he is Mr. Smartypants.
&gt; He's not that into you. There's not much basis for this. He may want to avoid the breakup conversation because he's living in denial, not necessarily because he doesn't care about her.
I'm a normal stable guy and I wouldn't have a problem dating a girl whose father insisted on dropping her off in person the very first time we met if we had met online. Obviously if he insisted on sitting at the next table over at dinner and following us everywhere, that would be very different, but it's not irrational to want to have some basic guarantee of her safety the first time she meets a stranger off the internet.
At the very least it confirms that the person she's meeting is the person she expects to be meeting. That alone is a big deal - what if she arrived somewhere only to find out that the guy she thought she had been talking to was a disguise? Everyone's heard of stories where a child meets a predator who had pretended to be another kid, and everyone's heard of people going on dates where the other person didn't match their pictures from the dating site.
"FUCK refugees" was basically the slogan of the winners of the 2016 election, so I'm sure climate refugees will do much better.
&gt; the ice delivery guy anyway The Ice Truck Killer?!
I remember overhearing someone talking about their roommate in the dining hall once (not at NYU, but a peer school). Her father ran an oil company or something, and she got a $60k/month allowance. Somehow she managed to spend most of it most months... during college.
His character in Westworld is the epitome of this pattern. It's pretty much his defining trait for a while.
Because he wants to be right.
Why not use pieces of sausage? [This](http://whatsyourdeal.com/grocery-coupons/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/johnsonville-sausage.png) is pretty cheap and (in my opinion) tastes a lot better than doing hot dogs with it.
Greetings, fellow Radiolab listeners!
I'm from there! I'm not an actual person, only a figment of everyone's collective imagination!
&gt;if lying about a blowjob rises to "high crimes and misdemeanors" Lying in sworn testimony is a pretty big deal, regardless of the subject matter.
This is why you give it to a pudgy soccer mom with her kids nearby and not to a 6' tall teenager on his own.
If you fell for a phishing scam in 2016 though, you just might be John Podesta!
I recently started working for a large, hierarchical professional services firm, and it happens fairly often in meetings in my (limited) experience. Generally though, only superiors will touch their phones during a meeting - I would never think to unless it was very obvious that I was using it to take notes on what my boss or someone else was saying (I have a Galaxy Note for work). Partners and other high-level managers pull their phones out pretty frequently though.
I think Call of Duty was a huge element of this as well. Millions of guys, now ages ~16-30, grew up with Modern Warfare, WaW, and MW2 being pervasive social activities while they were in middle school, high school, or college. They were simple, fun, and ubiquitous, which meant that they didn't seem like "playing video games" so much as a virtual sports substitute, in a sense (competitive, team-based, easy to find short pickup games, etc...).
The 21 Jump Street joke about this was great.
On that day in particular? I was under the impression that the housing bubble was a gradual collapse. If we were talking about the stock market, it would be easy to point out 9/15/08 (the day Lehman Brothers went under). I'm just curious if there's a similar event in the housing collapse that I'm forgetting.
$125k is very much middle class (*possibly* upper-middle class, depending on the town) in much of the NYC area due to high property taxes as /u/DeHominisDignitate mentioned. It's pretty easy for the mortgage and property taxes on a &lt;2500 sf, 4 br 2.5 ba (normal middle class home) to be $3k/month or more. Property taxes are frequently $12k-16k/year for a middle-class family, and can be $20k+ for an upper-middle/lower-upper class family in a town with good schools.
"It's not like anyone can walk into the Capitol and start lobbying" Oh you most certainly can (if you have an appointment, at least). Congressmen meet with constituents about all kinds of issues, usually when those constituents have a personal stake in the issue. This is a good thing, not a bad thing - constituents should be able to lobby for their needs and desires. Not all lobbyists are Jack Abramoff. Source: I worked in a Congressional office on the hill.
Funny, my dad was made when my grandparents had sex, but I guess different people do it differently!
What lost earnings? Or are they going to demand upfront payment of the benefits he would have received?
This is terrible advice. Word gets around within an industry, and there's no reason to burn bridges you haven't even really made yet. Companies do not like having people change their mind days after being hired - it means calling up the other candidates (whom they've just rejected and told to go elsewhere) and trying to get them to come back in for another interview. That causes headaches all around.
You're still interacting with people, and people have feelings. Including, "Wow, fuck that guy for pretending he wanted to work here, accepting the job, and then going elsewhere after all. He must think he's better than us, and he just made us restart our hiring process."
Tell them you'll need a week or so to decide, since this is a major life and career decision. Don't accept the first with the intention of ditching them - it's a bad idea to burn bridges in an industry like everyone else seems to be suggesting.
Those people wouldn't like Trump in the first place if he were black. Half the point of Trump is his appeal to white identity politics.
Eisenberg basically played Luthor the way he played Zuckerberg. They probably should have cast someone else if they didn't want that kind of vibe.
And both Rubio and McCain are on Foreign Relations, so if either of them are opposed, that would be it.
Yeah, WSJ is pretty terrible these days. Evidently I picked a bad time to start listening to Potomac Watch, their editorial board's daily podcast where they discuss current events. They're fairly pro-Trump overall now that he's won, though they express some reservations.
I guess you're right - maybe I just couldn't disassociate the two while watching it, which I think is also a real problem with casting the same actor for two different "evil" tech billionaires.
&gt; she doesn't seem to be any more guilty of corruption than any other politician chose at random, yet an incredible number of people believe that she is the personification of the corporate elite There's a lot of basis for both of these beliefs though. By virtue of her husband having been president and the fact that they're both prominent political actors, the two of them have been able to establish themselves as the king and queen of Democratic politics for a long time, especially during the Bush years. They concentrated a **lot** of political influence, which they also parlayed into a massive charity (which does good work, but also serves to elevate their profile) and a powerful campaign infrastructure. Obviously she isn't any of the other things you mention though (murderer, dangerously ill, a sex trafficker, Satanic priestess, etc...), and I agree with your overall point that the right has gone nuts in its hatred of her, but those two criticisms (that she's corrupt and deeply plugged into corporate interests) are definitely valid.
Major parties always put someone up in any significant race, and being Mayor of NYC is more important than being governor of several states. Plus, NYC has had two Republican mayors since the 1990s (Giuliani and Bloomberg), both of whom are relatively well-liked (especially Bloomberg, since Giuliani has given away a lot of the respect people had for him with his enthusiastic Trumpism during this election cycle).
People still remember George Romney, and that was 50 years ago. You're right though that they won't be a big deal in another 50 years, unless Evan McMullin someday becomes President.
Republicans at the convention cheered when she talked about paid family leave and other "liberal" positions. Ideology barely matters anymore, at least once you've developed enough street cred with either side (which she obviously has in spades because of her last name).
Anthony Weiner *did* have a shot when he ran, but then he messed it up with yet another sexting scandal.
&gt; Greiss Who the hell would we have in net?! Jaro's gone, and Berube is severely overrated.
There's only about 35 million Canadians too, so that's a massive number.
What about next season? I know Greiss is a free agent, but we'll probably re-sign him. If we trade him, why would he want to come back?
Seriously, I (a guy) wasn't even allowed to go on a date until I was 16.
Do you own/live in a house? My property is about 120 feet wide, so 1000 feet means about 8 houses down in my world.
Not my house itself, just the property (1/2 acre in the suburbs).
No one is saying that she is a hardened 50-year-old with full knowledge of the world. That being said, just because she's 15 does not mean she's equivalent to a 5-year-old either.
As someone in my early 20s, I do think there's a vast between "late teens", "college-aged", and "after college". That first semester of freshman year is life-changing in terms of maturity (even if you're doing stupid things and partying and stuff, it's still a very different mindset and level of day-to-day responsibility than when you were a sheltered teenager at home), as is the transition to the working world afterwards. You're right though that those of us in our early 20s are definitely not all grown up, even if we sometimes feel like it. That aside, you are absolutely not a "child" in the sense that this guy (and your family) seems to think. You're a teenager, which is neither a child nor an adult, and should be treated somewhere in between.
Obama actually put two justices on the bench (Kagan and Sotomayor), but you're probably referring to Garland specifically.
He graduated near the top of his class at Harvard Law, clerked for Rehnquist, and argued 9 cases before the Supreme Court as Solicitor General for one of the largest states. It's not perfect, given that he's also a politician, but it's probably good enough.
He turned around and endorsed Trump right before the Access Hollywood tape though, and Robert Mercer won't be funding Perry against Cruz since Perry is going to be in the cabinet now.
I was only taking issue with the right to privacy stuff - point 3 is basically a continuation of point 2.
I thought it was fine, but you're certainly not the only one - there's been tons of media coverage and discussion about it. It's been relatively controversial.
&gt; Personally my favorite character was Chirrut Imwe the whole 'I am one with the force the force is with me' was so awesome. And here I was thinking that was stupid, gimmicky, and cheesy.
He's being sarcastic. That thing is hideous.
For me it's the opposite - the side of my ankle (is it even called that? I mean "the spot just above the ball of my ankle") on the horizontal leg is pretty uncomfortable and in slight pain whenever I do that. It doesn't seem like that spot is meant to hold any weight on it like that.
What do you mean by "online payments" in a cab? Do you mean Uber, or do you actually log onto a website or app on your phone to pay? Do you guys not carry credit cards?
It's definitely the norm in New York and in DC, in my experience. When you say you're from a smaller town, are you talking about taking cabs there or are you talking about taking cabs when you're visiting cities?
That's illegal in some American cities actually - if a cabbie tries to tell you he doesn't have a card reader in DC, you can get out and walk away.
Really? Nearly all of my friends who are runners wear short shorts when they run. Maybe that's also because most of them just graduated college, where it was a funny group bonding thing when they'd go on group runs, but yeah most of the more serious ones definitely wear short shorts. My old roommate certainly did, as does another close friend I've gone running with once or twice (I'm not much of a runner).
Yeah, at a guaranteed 0% interest rate. That's a decision you should make 100% of the time if it's available to you.
... What?
That's an average age of 14 at childbirth... Jesus.
30 is pretty reasonable (and very normal). I have friends whose parents were in their early 40s. Three good friends of mine (who are in their early 20th now) have fathers who were 45 or 46. By the time my friends have kids, those fathers will be in their mid 70s, and probably won't see their grandchildren graduate from high school. I hope all the money they made was worth it.
It'd be nice to have a home to stay in (rather than a hotel or a long trip home), and I'm sure he goes out in the city from time to time.
I mean, he can obviously afford to buy, but if he's not 100% sure he'll be staying for more than 2 years, it seems like a potential hassle.
If only there were a news article that could tell us!
Very true. I have millionaire friends and relatives who say the same things, unfortunately.
I'm talking about people I know pretty well (well, 2 of the 3, at least).
Yes, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Theoretically, you would save the money and invest it in certificates of deposit or super safe bonds and make a small amount of money over the course of the year. The normal way of having taxes withheld essentially involves giving the government an interest free loan every year to the tune of thousands of dollars (or more).
Yeah, I know it isn't actually legal (which is why I said "theoretically", but probably should've made that more clear). It is kind of ridiculous though - as long as you pay by April 15th, you should be allowed to invest your money however you want.
Now if only someone can find Jorah and let him know.
They won't fit if they're on sideways though.
"Male lesbian" as well as "Executive Transvestite".
If you think that first guy is "fat", you and I have very different understandings of that word.
"Pulitzer Prizes are given by (((media elites))), to (((media elites))). Just like the worthless Golden Globes, which are awarded by the (((Hollywood))) FOREIGN (((Press)))! Sad!" - a Trump supporter, probably. More seriously though, these people don't care about the supposed "credibility" of a news organization, and they certainly don't care about Pulitzer Prizes. What matters to them is whether the organization reports mostly positively about Trump, and if it does not, then it is biased and liberal and has an agenda and is out to stop The Greatest President Ever from achieving greatness for our country. Some criticism of him is okay: FNC does have a few hosts who will critique him, but overall the network is in his camp and doesn't spend 24/7 talking about his latest scandal.
Bingo. Romney was describing an unusually active approach to recruiting women into high-level cabinet positions, which should be almost universally supported by those on the left. Instead, they derided him for speaking slightly awkwardly about it. Everyone else looked at the situation and saw how absurd it was, and that fed into this whole "anti-PC" movement, culminating in Trump.
Okay, Raúl.
&gt; really their only one in any racial minority group. My understanding is that Vietnamese-Americans tend to lean Republican as well, largely as a result of anti-Communist positions.
&gt; I think McCain will distance himself from him, again, for political expediency This time it won't be for political expediency, it'll be for principle. He's probably not going to run for re-election in 2022 at age 86, so he might as well use his stature to criticize and oppose Trump where necessary. It's not like he's an empty suit who doesn't know or care about anything, and now that he's been re-elected he has a lot more freedom to speak out.
I'm not sure if I agree with that assessment (I'd like to think he really does care about the country he nearly died for and chose to represent in the Senate for most of his life), but even if he is that self-interested, as long as he cares about his legacy and respect, he'll stand up to Trump when necessary.
The entire V for Vendetta speech where he introduces himself to Evy. I memorized it to greet my first real girlfriend on our first date at age 17, knowing she liked the movie (we had been friends for a while before dating). Somehow it came up in conversation with someone else recently (several years later), and I was still able to do it.
I thought everyone memorized their own family's plates, but one time my dad and I went to check into a hotel and they asked for his plate. He was about to go outside to check, but I rattled it off and saved him the effort. He'd had the car (and the plate) for like 7 years at that point!
That would be a great idea - basically a much more robust 401k program. I'd be very happy to see something like that replace Social Security, if it were feasible. Maybe everyone would get a 50% government match on the first $5k saved every year, or something like that.
Most rich people get rich by saving. If you save $5k a year from ages 22 through 30 (and never contribute another dollar), you will almost certainly end up with much more money at age 70 than someone who invested $20k a year from ages 50-70. If we assume a 10% annual interest rate, the first person ends up with $2.85 MM and the second person ends up with $1.2 MM. EDIT: For those who say a 10% annual interest rate is unreasonable, you're right, but the principle in this example still works if we change the numbers around slightly. At 8%, the early investor would end up with $1.25 MM while the later investor would end up with $990k. If we continue to lower the interest rate to something like 6% (which would be very much on the low side for someone with a 40-year time horizon), increasing the early investor's contribution to $7500/year puts them ahead again ($810k vs $780k).
I paid $18.50 to see Rogue One in IMAX 3D last week. It was $15.50 for the normal ticket to a 4pm showing on a Sunday afternoon. I'm in a major city, but still, I remember as recently as like 3 years ago that theater was $11 or $12.
Very true, and I'm sorry if I came across a little bit hostile (I always get frustrated with friends who don't save at all and who don't see the point because they "have time to catch up" or whatever). While I grew up in a middle/upper-middle class area, my own family definitely struggled to make ends meet at times, and my mom racked up quite the credit card debt during the Recession, so I know what you mean to some extent. I'm very careful to avoid their mistakes and be more proactive about saving than they were until these past few years.
Isn't Orange County one of the wealthiest in California?
Many people far wealthier than Thiel read the Times every morning. He would not be able to bankrupt the most famous and most important newspaper in the world, whose daily subscribers probably include a majority of Fortune 500 CEOs and Forbes 400 members.
We're not talking about a bank account, we're talking about a 401k with which people would invest in the market. This is actually a lot like President Bush's 2005 proposal to allow people to use some of their Social Security taxes to fund personal retirement accounts.
Considering that I literally died at the feet of a medic the other day (who didn't revive me at all, despite me waiting out the whole time period and him not really moving more than 3m away and starting at 0m away), you're slightly restoring my faith in medics overall.
It's a low bar, but a vitally important one.
Maybe he's a secret billionaire who's already nationally famous and beloved and will self-finance his campaign and run as the better version of Trump. Otherwise, he's an idiot. I'm guessing the latter.
Whichever of the candidates who are likely to win (in this case, Trump or Clinton) is more closely aligned with your preferences. One of them was absolutely going to win, so you might as well try to influence the situation given that certainty.
I don't like it, especially this time when I despised both candidates (I'm a moderate Establishment Republican who has been conditioned to hate the Clintons for 20 years, but absolutely loathes and fears Trump for all kinds of reasons). Because I live in a swing-ish state, I voted for Clinton, but convinced a liberal friend in another (nonswing) state to vote for Evan McMullin for me. So I get the impulse to vote for your heart (I would have voted McMullin myself if I still lived in New York, where I'm originally from), but if your vote has any chance of actually mattering you really need to vote for the lesser of two evils.
There's a good chance it would still be Tim Kaine, who wouldn't have been as charismatic or energizing as Obama.
That doesn't make it even remotely okay.
Pretty sure it's either Colbert or Kimmel (I watch both and am trying 100% sure I've heard this before).
You're allowed to just get out and walk away if that happens in Washington DC, and it might be the same in other areas too.
You can also give them a $20 and say "can I get $8 back?"
As is tradition.
He's had a few great picks though. Our 2009 class was rock solid even beyond JT (Hamonic especially) , and Ho-Sang/Dal Colle was a great series of moves too.
I'm obviously not saying that his election is *good* for the LGBT community, but let's not pretend he's Mike Pence either. He's certainly more pro-LGBT than basically any major Republican ever, save Rob Portman or Dick Cheney.
I haven't finished the show (I think I stopped after 2 or 3 seasons), but could Ainsley be First Lady? (Don't spoil anything, since I'm sure I'll go back to it eventually.)
Thanks for the explanation, I've been wondering why that was happening in /r/conservative, and I don't see posts from /r/Republican as much.
Parents like you are disgusting, in my opinion. I have a friend who had to enlist to pay for college while his parents bought a boat and went on expensive vacations. The military is not for everyone, and it should not be something you force your kids into doing.
I actually enjoyed Don't Fear the Reaper, but there were definitely a lot of crappy songs that were either (1) never really that popular, or (2) were boring or annoying as hell to play on Guitar Hero. Skimming through the set list for 3 and World Tour just now, I remember BYOB by System of A Down being particularly annoying to play, and there's a ton of songs on World Tour that I'd never heard of before and haven't heard of since.
Most of us worked from home yesterday, so I wouldn't compare it to a normal commuting day for crowd size purposes, but it is kind of interesting to think about.
She also decided that she wouldn't retire while Obama was president, for reasons that frustrate a lot of liberals now that she can't retire for at least 4 more years (when she'll be at least 87).
Not always, but there's a good chance she might be. OP should upgrade his wardrobe and flirt with her a little bit to test the waters, then re-evaluate from there.
I don't think you dress all that poorly for a 19-year-old college student, for the record, but if you want to change your style to something (a) more mature and (b) that she will be impressed by, do the following: Step 1: Go to J. Crew (probably J. Crew Factory, if there's one near you - similar stuff, and much cheaper) Step 2: Buy 5 button-down shirts you like, 2 polo shirts, 1 pair of dark blue jeans (can also get this from Levi's, which might be preferable actually), 1 pair of Driggs pants (navy, brown, or dark green) Step 3: Buy a nice pair of casual shoes. I've been getting a lot of compliments on [these](http://shop.mango.com/US/p0/men/accessories/shoes/shoes/suede-blucher?id=73090187_CU&amp;n=1&amp;s=accesorios_he.zapatos_he) recently, and this is a great price for them (I paid 79 euros for them when I was travelling in Europe this summer, didn't know they had U.S. locations until I just checked). /r/MaleFashionAdvice has been recommending [Clark's Desert Boots](https://www.amazon.com/Clarks-Originals-Mens-Desert-Boot/dp/B0007MCUTK) for a long time, and you can't go wrong with them either.
And let your employer have ownership over every picture, text, and personal email you ever send? No thank you. I carry two phones even though my company allows me to do exactly what you suggested. I'd rather own my own data.
I either carry both phones in my left pocket (keys in my right, wallet in my back right, nothing in back left), or I put my work phone in my work bag.
7 shirts and 2 pairs of pants is basically one week with the new style. Maybe he shouldn't do that all at once (especially at 19, you're right), but getting just one outfit probably isn't a great idea either.
I'll be happy if I can actually play Franchise Mode without it crashing every time I try to do the draft. It crashes when I try to simulate the whole thing, it crashes when I make a pick and then simulate to my next one, it even crashes eventually when I individually simulate each pick (took about 25 picks for it to crash just now).
Yeah I'm having the same issue. Absolutely horseshit, considering how long this game has been out.
Huh? Re-read what he wrote.
Liberals cried wolf against a brilliant and competent person who was decent and honorable, and now we all have to suffer through someone who is none of those things because too many people no longer take that hysteria seriously.
...are you actually calling Donald Trump "the most progressive President we've ever had"? There was a guy named Barack Obama who just left office the other day - you might want to check him out.
Ours is $12.50 for domestics, so yeah, pretty much the same for us.
I don't think he was a perfect liberal, but it's absurd to say he isn't a liberal, and especially to say that he isn't more liberal than Trump. He deported nearly 3 million illegal immigrants, in accordance with his obligation to enforce the laws of the United States. As a result of his (rather controversial) decision to prioritize deporting criminals over other illegal immigrants (especially immigrants who were brought to the United States as children), many of those 3 million were criminals who had violated U.S. law in addition to their illegal immigration. [In fiscal year 2015, 91% of the illegal immigrants who were deported had been convicted of a crime, and 81% were considered "priority one" (posing a threat to national security or public safety).](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/obamas-deportation-policy-numbers/story?id=41715661) Obama was [personally in favor of gay marriage](http://www.politico.com/blogs/ben-smith/2009/01/obama-backed-same-sex-marriage-in-1996-015306), but decided not to reveal that stance before being re-elected. He then openly celebrated the Obergefell decision. Can you provide a source on the Muslim registry accusation?
Being from one of those conservative towns (albeit on Long Island, so probably not where you're thinking of), I know what you mean, but the majority of the population is not against environmentalism. Even those of us who are conservative and live in the suburbs mostly still care about climate change.
I'm having the exact same issue, so hopefully they fix this soon. I've tried everything I can think of and it still won't work.
It's growing rapidly in Latin America and Africa though, but I'm guessing you know that because of the "developed world" phrasing.
You're 100% right, but that doesn't mean we should oppose the trade policy itself. It means we should trade and then redistribute those gains so that losers are compensated fairly.
Depends on the nonprofit. Many of them use 90% or more towards the actual purpose of the charity. Look up CharityNavigator.
http://www.redcross.org/news/article/The-Real-Story-of-the-6-Homes-Answering-Questions-about-Haiti
Well, if he's an American...
No, I remember he said last year that he was coming back to Wimbledon at least.
44 right now, 1 min after he posted
"if not"
***if not*** Oh shit
Well, I'm sure some people (like me) missed big chunks of it. I woke up at 5 AM for it, figuring I'd at least see the second half and I didn't want to get 2 hours of sleep.
It's almost like he is George Bush!
He's very much still alive...
You don't even have to look in any dark corners of reddit - plenty of frequent /r/gonewild posters advertise this to monetize their popularity.
8%, I think.
M is "one thousand" (as in "milli"), and MM is" thousands of thousands". Used to be popular on Wall Street (I learned it from an old boss), and might still be (a friend at a BB still uses it).
Yes, and then that same candidate's movement refused to vote for the eventual nominee in addition to dragging the eventual nominee's name through the mud for months even after the primary campaign became unwinnable, leading to massive losses throughout Congress and in the White House.
&gt; But they'll ever be as pro business as the Republicans Trump's doing his very best to change this. Cancelling TPP and promising giant tariffs on our biggest trading partners (Mexico, possibly also China) is a major blow to a lot of businesses.
As a Long Islander... fuck that. Better than Quebec or Kansas City or Seattle, but there has to be a better way.
I sure as hell hope not!
Can we get a Georgetown one now? Might as well fade us before it even starts, because we're not going to be in it (again).
No, thanks to Clinton's abysmal candidacy combined with Obama fatigue. If he had been going against basically any normal, generic Democrat, he would have gotten creamed. Instead, he lucked out and got to face a reviled political figure with an ongoing FBI investigation where a bombshell came out 3 days before the election. The stars aligned for Trump in a way that he shouldn't be able to take full credit for. Even in the states where he had a record surge to break the "Blue Wall", he ran way behind Johnson, Toomey, and Portman. He lost the national popular vote by 3 million even as Republican House and Senate candidates crushed Democrats by an even larger margin overall.
Donald Trump might be the biggest narcissist in modern human history, and you're lying to yourself if you don't realize that. You can still like him if you want, but to say that he doesn't have a massive ego and demonstrate extreme narcissism is lunacy.
Just so you know, it's "in lieu."
Which part do you doubt? Just think about how much the advent of smartphones (which became popular starting in 2007 with the iPhone, 10 years ago this month) has already affected our entire economy. These kinds of changes feel subtle while they're happening, but are absolutely massive in terms of how they reorganize our lives. I work in an area where we design and implement some of these technologies, especially process robotics and automation for certain kinds of white collar work. It's happening, and in 10 years we'll see a massive effect. 20 years and these things will be implemented widely throughout the economy.
Really? Glad you recognize having status is a very different situation, but what do you mean "not everyone can be seen with a backpack"?
"inciting violence"? Really?
If you interfere with the goalie's ability to stop the puck, especially if you're in the crease. http://www.nhlofficials.com/rule78.asp
How about right now?
Has that ever happened before? Stopping play to announce a goal?
What's the reference to?
What makes you assume he's British?
https://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/6gnexv/aaron_judge_blasts_a_495ft_home_run_his_20th_of/dirysur
Ref mistakenly blew the whistle too soon.
He's a Pens fan without flair, so I'm guessing he doesn't know the tradition.
Yeah, you guys have been out for a while now I suppose.
Also much more likely to go bankrupt...
I'm not sure how I feel about the Islanders not being mentioned yet. Certainly from about 1995 through 2012 it was pretty consistently heartbreaking.
RemindMe! 3 hours
Story? Friends of mine have popped champagne there, but never a wine enema... And I have the kind of friends who might half-seriously consider that...
So should we just turn a blind eye deliberately to everything bad they do, simply because you can't conceive of a scenario in which war would be worth it?
2009 isn't recent enough for you? We're also 7th in MLB right now, so unless you're only looking at the past week, we're doing alright.
If he wants to win a cup in Edmonton, yes. Plenty of other teams could build Cup teams around him without that kind of deadweight on the roster.
Don't we all?
