I mean it's pretty self explanatory not to look at something like this, of course there's gonna be spoilers
He should've just keep melting down those swords. If he does it five more times he'd have had 64 Valyrian swords!
I'm just excited about the game. Rocksteady has done wonders for Batman games, and I hope someday it'll reflect on other superhero games.
My aunt drove a hummer. My aunt is also a cheating bitch. Coincidence? Probably. Related? Probably not. Shitty SUV? Yes. Shitty aunt? Yes.
For me personally my favorites are ES, Dishonored, Wolfenstein, then Fallout and Rage, Wet, and so forth. I dunno, they're super fun and great to play but I like my cities in tact, I like green of skyrim. Everything in Fallout is dreary, which I know is the point of the game of course but it gets kindve depressing
Bend my toes on my right foot. Got in an accident in middle school and lost most of the feeling in my toes
Obligatory edit: thanks for the gold kind gentlesir
Go to /r/books. Puts me right to sleep
Man of Steel. I remember losing my dad. Brings those memories up. I never ever cry, but [this scene is my exception](https://youtu.be/-j7lezDWh4M)
I got my first personal TV when I moved out for college, it had buttons on the top of the television and I mounted it on my wall. Never would've seen them. My family TV doesn't have any at all actually.
I really hope it holds me over until the next real elder scrolls. I love the Fallout games but my real love for Bethesda is in elder scrolls and Rage. And wet. And Dishonored.
Or theyre a right twat, makes everyone hate them, and then we sit and wait for them to let their guard down. Just waiting for Ramsay's day...
Movies? This is just what he does. Sometimes we get it on camera and that is mission impossible
Colin Farell and Vince Vaughn? They're far from crap in their fields of acting, this is a little bit out of both of their elements but I think they can pull it off. 10 years ago everyone thought Matthew M. was just pretty boy but he did some amazing acting in season 1
The first one was until the last line. I binged the rest of the season twice now because of Matt's last line.
It's my high school diploma. Has my name, grad year, high school on it.
Oh no my nerdism is an open book. From the Game of Thrones poster to my San Andreas map
The 99% do their job, go home to their families, live a normal life as good police officers. The 1% are the ones who cause an uproar in the US, as it should be. The unfortunate circumstance is that because of the 1% the entire police force gets blamed, and people like thw chief of police in this circumstance, who is doing the right thing by firing the officer in question, will still be considered a terrible person for being a police officer. It's a thankless job, and that's unfortunate.
Actually, if Damon's character was not around to fuck Scotty's girlfriend, Scotty might never have gone to Europe, and might've stayed in the US with his girlfriend. I would say the plot revolved around Damon
Shit yeah.
Some people are adrenaline junkies. The boost of energy one gets from robbing a bank could be that same rush someone gets from jumping out of an airplane or jumping a skateboard over the great wall of china
No matter what happens, don't let this one sway your choice of getting the next one that comes out or a previous installment. They are all amazing games, but ESO is nothing like the main series. It's basically an MMO that looks like Skyrim
Mandatory 2 ply toilet paper or more law
The Myxozoa. If they all grew to bear size they would flood the earth in their bodies. We would all suffocate.
1995 - either The Usual Suspects or Casino
For me it's Scarface. My first rated R movie. Not my favorite movie, but it was a notable experience to say the least
Knowing which guy has the biggest stick
I'm a phone salesperson at Best Buy and I was distracted half the movie about how there was all that Samsung advertisement, but every character had a white Galaxy S4. You would think Samsung would have hit them up with the S6 Edge like they did for Marvel
Nope, broken phone was actually a Galaxy S4 Blue, a Best Buy exclusive. Source: I sit in a chair 40 hours a week making crap pay selling those things.
For me it's the comidian Jake Johnson. Extremely funny guy, not in much. Seeing him in Jurassic World gives me hope that he'll be in more
I mean Chris Pratt is currently the most famous dinosaur trainer around as of today, but I wish Omar Sy would get a little love too
There's actually none in my area. Nearest one is 40 miles away. Sprint and ATT are near and that's it. I will never work for ATT because they're a terrible company, and as a sprint customer, i don't think you could pay me enough to hear about how bad their service is all day.
Now imagine this mod on a motorcycle, just flying through every car like it was nothing.
It could be a case of nurture over nature. He grew up around his father (against his father's wishes of course), he had to take some of his personality with that. I'm exactly like my step dad when it comes to everything but looks and height, but we aren't related at all
Got drunk, woke up with two girls. Both 6s, which means I had sex with a 12
The shit monster in Conker's Bad Fur Day
Cards against humanity is a good ice breaker
Who cares? I don't get why religion, race, or gender even matters when choosing a leader, just whoever is best suited for the job should get it.
Really just depends on the cat more than the owner. My cat is terrified of the outdoors, but my best friends cat has a little doggy door installed and the cat is inside only to eat
I'd build a kickass gaming computer, then build a mansion around it, then hopefully the rest might possibly cover my student loans.
The Departed, Pulp Fiction, Four Brothers.
Work at Best Buy. I get people (middle eastern mostly) who come in. One of my least favorite things they say: "What kind of deal can I get for this?" "None sir. It's Best Buy, not a fucking pawn shop."
Sprints. I get smooth jazz every. Single. Time.
Fucking Witcher. I'm great at similar games. But i can't play that game for shit.
Taking a shit in every state. 21 so far!
A bunch of subs got deleted, and nobody knows why their first amendment rights don't apply to private corporations
I politely explain it every time but every time it's the same 10 people. Last time i told one of them their price will be the sticker price every time, and to stop asking me to always cut him a deal
When kids started getting participation awards. It's bull shit
Girlfriend was pregnant in high school with a buddies kid. It was a rollercoaster to say the least.
fatpeoplehate," "hamplanethatred," "transfags," "neofag" and "shitniggerssay."
I just wouldn't hang out with them outside the workplace
Clowns.
Probably $300 in t-shirts, albums, and concert tickets went to Blink182 back in high school
Lil Sebastian is back baby
I hope you don't twitch with that mouth
He should've been falcon. I like the guy who plays falcon but still... It would've been awesome
When games in a series has different components to it in each game. Like Assassins Creed used to be in the Ezio era. More current examples are like GTA or Witcher
I love some of the ignorance in this thread. Did the police that got shot at do anything wrong? Most likely not. It's the 0.1% of police that are corrupt and criminal that make it to the front page. I never see videos of the hundreds of thousands of police doing their job right and just, because scandal is more news worthy
I really want to enjoy the game. It's everything I wanted it to be. Big, beautiful, bold (i mean you follow a fetus around for a half hour, can't get much bolder than that). But... I almost feel overwhelmed by the game. Like there is just *too* much in it. Anybody else feeling the same way?
Which game is the girl holding the compound bow? I would normally assume Tomb Raider but it didn't look like Laura
It would be amazing to see Ford doing an Indiana Jones remake, but Burt Macklin, FBI in pursuit of him for stealing Indiana's name
You cant download your cake and eat it too
I don't see how they could've done anything better. Release date for Fallout, Doom footage and spring release, dishonored 2 and remaster. Only thing that could've POSSIBLY made it better would be an Elder Scrolls 6 teaser.
Would you have rather them just not mention it?
NEW DARK SOULS GAME!
Ashen looks pretty dark, I like it
Cant wait for Cuphead
All I saw was Elite Dangerous than buffering, WHAT ARE THE OTHER GAMES
Lets take it slow and steady, stay with me *Proceeds to climb the mountain at fucking 100 mph*
Is that... Is that the narrator for The Stanley Parable?
Fable Legends is going to be dope
"Lets assume I'll live" she's dying by the end of the game.
Gears 4? Missed an opportunity for Gears of 4
Nobody has said Superbad yet, that's a great one
Cannot wait to get my hands on this. My only worry is casual players will have even more of a gap between them and more hardcore gamers, making multiplayer games like CoD, Battlefield, and Halo even more frustrating for those who hop on once a week or so
As much as I love Doom, I really, really want Krieger to win.
As long as the original Skate game comes back. I'm temped to take the $175 minimum for my 360 to get a second Xbox, this one for my brother who cant afford one and just let him borrow games im not playing, but I still play my 360 for Skate, Elder Scrolls, Fallout, and GTAIV
I heard he stole 20 bag lunches
Or any Skate
My guess on this is devs wont release games for backwards compatibility if they're already on the xbox one.
You try being a police officer in Detroit trying to solve a murder case. Most of the city is anti-cop, and pro "we'll handle our own business." $10 says a seemingly random guy is found with his throat slit in the next few weeks with the weapons used in the shooting under his bed, and nobody will do anything about it.
Strahovski is too bright and bubbly for me to take her seriously as the roll of death. I gotta agree with /u/WeaponX33 and say Jolie
Well he DID create the character. He also created Black Panther and (not) Blade and I'm sure he wouldn't want them white
Whoops! Thats fair enough but my point still stands for Black Panther
Not really when Redbox keeps records of who rents the games
What happens when you're playing Halo with the kinnect on?? It's like one of ten words MC says
Not if I can be Adam fucking West Batman
Danny DeVito
Jesus he's so young, why not just hire the baby from American Sniper?
My best friend is a girl and she is freaky tall. She always wears flats and refuses heels. One day i asked her how tall she is and she answered 5"8. Bitch I'm 5"7 and I'm eye level with your tits dont give me that shit
Sort of, they said they have no plans for paid mods *right now*
I couldn't find a video, but Bo Burnham's mom is probably pretty pissed right now. I remember when my mother first described gay sex to me. I was eight years old. She sat me down at the dinner table and she was very mature about it. She sat right across from me and she said, ‘Do you know how your father and I love each other?’ And I said, 'Of course! You and Dad love each other more than any two people in the whole world.’ And she said, 'Well, when two men love each other like that, and they can, they can love each other in the exact same way that your father and I love each other. What they do is they take off all their clothes, the get in a bed, and they SHIT ON THE BIBLE.’ Bo Burnham
He wasn't dumb, he was ignorant. There's a big difference.
I say he is ignorant only because he doesn't *get* the game like Tywin or Littlefinger. Everyone plays a little differently. Littlefinger whispers in his allies ears until he is done with them. Tywin knows the secret to success is coin. Varys is just unexpected. Ned Stark was just thrown into this position. He wants to do what is right for the people, but that's just not how King's Landing works. He's ignorant to the fact that backstabbing, murder, partnerships with the right people, and coin are the only way to keep up. He had nothing to do with the first two, he picked the wrong partner (Littlefinger even told him he's not to be trusted). He was ignorant to the way the game is played and paid the ultimate price for it.
Lower-middle class American here. Why in the hell would we rise up against someone who has more than us. They earned their money, they worked hard for their money. Unless they directly wrong us, they're just earning their dollar, not doing anything morally wrong.
I'd invest it with a trustworthy stockbroker, and just sit on it. Let them do what they can and entice them to do well with hearty percentage of the profits.
Doing my taxes
I wanted it so bad but i knew there's no way my G4 would fit
They most likely started developing the pip boy before the S6 release on April 10th. That's a pretty good excuse in my book.
Bungie and Activision PR
You do know you can still buy discs right? There's no law that says "the_boomr cannot purchase discs now that he has gone digital. So it is written." If there's a good deal, just get it! Or throw away the boxes and just get a slim disc holder.
I guess I just don't understand of paying a shit ton of money for digital when you can just pay for something and put it in [one of these](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00011KM38/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_XBEJvb07242RB) that literally takes up no space. If room is what you're looking for and you don't want to waste money, get one of those
Challenge accepted. My goal is to get every single achievement
I trust Bethesda, CDPR, 2K Games, Rocksteady, Game Freak, Insomniac, and recently and I know it's crazy, EA after their announcement that they fully support BC. I do not trust Ubisoft, Bungie, i343 (though they're gaining my trust back after how much they have improved MCC), and most of all Overkill
Checked IMDB to see who plays Lucious Fox before I got to GJ, yeah it's Mark Hamill. **Side note, if you don't know who the AK is DON'T CHECK IMDB IT TELLS YOU.** I made that mistake
I'll do it in 190
Well if you shit it's gonna be a lot less clean
Great just another reason for other countries to have the wrong idea about most of America
Isn't that the whole point of the movie
I actually enjoyed Jonah Hill is Django a bit more
Nah, the twist is its all in his head, and shes a figment of his imagination
Oh god yes
I mean at one point you had 293 blu rays and DVDs. Its not all about quantity.
Yay, me and 63% of the American population have something in common! And my mom said I was odd. Pssh.
You must not have seen Happy Gilmore
The new Mafia game is set in New Orleans. Fingers crossed it will be just as good or better than the previous two installments.
For me, I think S1E4 "Cancer Man" Breaking Bad had a really good one. That's the one where Jesse is paranoid and smokes a bunch of meth. He then "sees" bikers coming up to kill him but in reality it's just Jehovah's Witnesses
Terrible quality but this is the one I'm talking about. Girl scouts was a different season. https://youtu.be/xbCw18GN1n0
Getting into the game can sometimes be a hassle but the multiplayer gameplay is some of the freshest and most fun ive played this year
Fuck I missed it by 16 years!
Aren't the Bush's secretly Lizardpeople?
What does it matter? It's a great service, and expanding it makes sense for EA and for the consumer.
I know everyone is pretty upset about this but at least they're giving us feedback and saying we will have it. I'd rather them give us a quality experience than screw it up
I actually didn't realize forge was out, can't wait to make some maps!
Honestly he was my favorite character in The Renevant, I would give him a chance in that.
Thank you, I've already watched The Big Short but I was still a little confused. You put the last piece or two of the puzzle in for me. Thanks again!
The Departed
Well shit I didn't want any classy movies. I'll get back to you in a few days, about to order now.
This is both my favorite Seth Rogan movie, and my favorite JGL movie. This was the first attempt I had seen at SR doing something other than comedy, and he nails it. JGL really brings his characters emotions alive and I can really relate to his additude throughout the film. The books scene gets to me every time. Not in my top 10 movies, but it's pretty close. Also, yes I've seen Jurassic Park. Love that one too
Great film. Coen brothers are some of my favorite directors and this is my second favorite movie from them. My favorite role of John Goodman (probably until 10 Cloverfield Lane) and Jeff Bridges. Every time I watch it I laugh and tear up a little, then laugh some more. Also, this is probably one of the most quoteable movies I can think of
I own one, but I'd probably have to go dig in my mom's basement to find it. Long story short I hated the first one, fuck that shithead pitri with his annoying ass voice, and the main dinosaur is a fucking little bitch. Always complaining about his mom and shit. I bet money 2-12 is the same way
QT is my dude. This is my second favorite of his being Inglorious Basterds. Leo makes such a good villian and you don't see him in that roll often, and Waltz makes such a good hero, a roll you don't see him in often. I hear a lot of hate for Foxx but I love him in this. He's also the best part of Horrible Bosses to me. But back to Django, I love it. My favorite scene is probably the deaths of the Brittle Brothers.
My favorite western. Such a good cast. By far the best scene is the last shootout.
The first movie I actually wasn't a fan of. I haven't watched it in years, but I guess I just didn't get it, or I didn't pay enough attention. I found Lola to be an annoying protagonist, and the camera work made me want to vomit (not figuratively. Literally. Maybe it was some bad food I ate that day but I seriously felt like hurling)
I've seen it at work, never bought it. I'll grab it tonight
Never seen either. Will order both if we don't carry them
Ordering it now, never seen it. Looking forward to it I've heard great things
I'll try to grab this movie at work. If not I'll order it
Looks good, I'll order it today
I've seen it, its in my collection, but honestly I haven't watched it in forever. I'll need to rewatch it to give you a more in depth answer.
I'll order it in a bit!
Never even heard of it but I'll order it today
If I can find it for a bit cheaper than $200 I'll grab it haha
Never seen it. I'll order it today
Such a great movie. I've seen it many times. If for nothing else I love it for the amazing fight scenes. They are so real. Also has a star studded cast. What's not to like!
I've seen it but I hated the ending I watched. Had to go back and rewatch, then pause at the end and watch the theatrical ending. I loved everything before that though!
Hands down my favorite movie. I made my own steelbook for it, I have it on Blu Ray, DVD, VHS, I have it on an audible tape so I can listen to it to and from work. I have official Blart pajamas. I've got a condom sewn from the fibers of his brilliant moustache. I own the segway from the movie. I've seen it seventy eight times. I'm currently in the process of making it into a live Broadway musical. I've hired DDL to play Blart. He's gained over 100 pounds and has been a mall cop for six months to prepare.
Yeah, he was a pretty interesting character who put justice in front of everything.
Although I love gears, I hope this isn't similar. I already have all the GOW games on my xbox, I want something a little different
Favorite game was Skate. on the Xbox 360. So many fond memories of just the demo, when I finally got the game it was the most fun I'd ever had gaming. I really hope for BC to get ahold of this soon
Its the end of one of his more recent movies
Whenever Ben and Chris join the show really turns the tides for me. I enjoy Andy, Swanson, Tom, Donna, and even Jerry, but hated Ann and Leslie until they got their own love interests
Thank you so much! I'll add you now
Thank you so much!
Haven't seen a lancer yet. Maybe I'm not a douche bag!
I'm super serious when I ask if you went to school in Missouri. My gym teacher was named Mrs Little. I feel like that's not a normal gym teacher name
Damn. That would've been pretty neat. Oh well
Just price matched road house at Best Buy, saved a couple bucks. Thanks Beav! As always!
I think he was the teacher who decides if you're a hero or a sidekick. Also the gym teacher
What if they get taken away by the very same tornado that took Jonathan Kent?
The Departed No Country for Old Men Inglorious Basterds
Just because the guy was religious doesn't mean that's why he didn't move on. There's no sacred ruld saying "hey dude if you get married and she dies, you're not allowed to move on. You gotta keep that dick dry forever." Maybe he simply loved the woman, and never found somebody up the standard of her.
There were fatalaties.
I usually don't shell out for the collectors editions, but Mafia will always be one of my favorite game series, so I will shell out the extra cash for this one. Now if only EA would make a collectors edition of Skate 4 with 1,2, and 3 BC with it, and some cool stuff to go along with it. I would literally pay $200 for that.
Will Arnet for Mysterio, his illusions are crazy
Man, it's weird seeing Little Finger in present day clothing, plus the accent throws me off.
[Little Bird, Little Bird by Elizabeth Mitchell.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkueFW1lRjc ) Can't hear it after Futurama.
People are such fucking pussies.
I work in the mobile department at a Best Buy unfortunately and even though customers do come in 1 second before close to get a new phone, it always helps a lot when they're customers like you who apologize and are sincere. So thank you.
As much as I want to see OP get caught, don't straight up lie to him. The spider webs do have alarms. 100% of cameras work. I would know, I work there. He's an idiot for shoplifting in general, but at best buy that's a very, very stupid decision
Hopefully at E3, I can't stand another years wait for a reveal
The ex-Saints football player Will Smith died. Not the actor Edit: added ex, he doesn't play for the saints anymore
She also appears to have a much stronger liver
Steve Holt!
Didn't he have a bit of Thor's drink and it help with that? I could be remembering incorrectly though
I think Master Chief could beat Oblivion, it's not too hard of a game
Moon Knight, Quicksilver, Nightcrawler, Mystique, and Black Panther
I've heard 2 separate things. A GameStop employee said she saw one at a convention that had a ton of Pop figures. The second was my buddy who swore he saw it on eBay but when he went to make a bid it was bought out.
That's a fair point. I just started collecting but I only pick up my favorite, most well liked characters. Syrio would definitely have a spot on my drawer
Every time I see this picture I cringe at the self harm this person inflicted on themselves. I've lost two friends now to them slitting their wrists, I wish I could do more to help people this depressed.
No, you've seen this photo, now you're forced to get this tattoo.
It does, the chair supports him
Last year when you guys made it far for the first time in, oh I don't know, ever? We were all cheering for you! Keep that in mind. -Cardinals fans everywhere
At first I was like "oh he's not an asshole, he seems to be just a little light in the head." But ya know he's kindve an asshole
My buddy got me my two favorite characters from Futurama. No not Fry, or Leela, or Bender of Zoidburg. He got me Zap and Robot Devil. I was so happy.
I didn't realize people didn't like Chronicle. Everyone avid movie lover I know is in love with movie
I can respect that. I thought the first and second act were very strong, but I do agree that if you discount the fight scene, act 3 didn't seem spectacular
Looking at this gen of carrier level smart phones what do we have. Iphone 6s, iphone 6s plus, Iphone SE, LG G5, Samsung S7, Samsung S7 Edge, HTC 10, I'll also count Note 6/7, Droid Turbo 2, and the next Nexus. How many of these have a removable battery? 1 out of 10. 90% is pretty damn accurate
But then how can Samsung, Apple, HTC, and LG make money if they make a phone that lasts more than two years??? That's totally inconceivable.
I work at best buy, you'd be surprised how many people come in with lint in their iphones. I probably see three people a week at minimum. They always thing their charging cord is broken. I clean it out, and they STILL buy a charging cord, even though I tell them not to waste their money, and that their phone will work now. People are dumb.
Plastic toothpick will do a world of good!
How is that cherry picking it? These are all this year's phones.
10 phones that the major carriers carry.
Now take out the trash
But a healthy margin of Redditors do (especially at this time of day) and I also happen to sell phones through all three major carriers in the US, making my input somewhat valid on the subject. I know trends of users pretty well by now.
I have sold phones for multiple careers in multiple states for over 8 years for 40 hours a week every week. I have taken one vacation ever over that time. So I think I have a decent outlook at the nations cell phone use.
I'm with you there. Fuck exclusivity. I bought an Xbox One because I don't like the PS4 controller and I love the OS on XB1. It sucks I can't play as one of my favorite superheroes because exclusivity
I'm always happy to see Craig Robinson in movies. Might check it out
Very true! All around looks like a good movie
Seriously where is any Skate game? It was up front and center when they announced BC, and is one of the most asked for games on the internet. With no announcement of Skate 4, there should be no reason it's not available yet.
I like how that's probably the worst thing they could find for Chris Pratt
Maybe, maybe not, maybe fuck yourself
My buddy once made the mistake of saying he thought Rudd was a "gray actor." Over the next month we proceeded to watch like 20 Rudd movies. Nobody insults P Rudd and gets away with it!
Right now at Best Buy US, The Crew Wild Run edition is $20, while the regular version is $30. Worth picking up for $20 for sure
Oh shit, I thought it was free for the day! Like a demo!
Physical: Assassins Creed: Syndicate, Batman: Arkham Knight, Battleborn, Battlefield: Hardline, Borderlands: The Handsome Jack Collection, The Crew: Wild Run Edition, Dark Souls II, Dark Souls III, Destiny, Doom, Dying Light, Fallout 4, Far Cry 4, Far Cry: Primal, Forza Horizon 2, Forza Motorsport 5, Forza Motorsport 6, Grand Theft Auto 5, Gears of War: Ultimate Edition, Halo: Master Chief Collection, Halo 5: Guardians, Homefront: The Revolution, Just Cause 3, Madden 16, Mad Max, Mega Man Collection, Metal Gear Solid: The Phantom Pain, Overwatch, Project Cars, Quantum Break, Rare Replay, Rise of the Tomb Raider, Rock Band 4, Saints Row 4, Shadow of Mordor, Star Wars: Battlefront, Titanfall, Tom Clancy's The Division, Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Seige, The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt Digital: all games with gold since November 2014, and Battlefield 4
I feel ya, gonna get the new PS4 for Spider-man, God of War, and Uncharted
I'm backlogged too, and yet I'm still playing Dark Souls 3
You didn't go for the digital controllers?
As do I, I like a collection, but if I really hate a game I can return it or sell it
I love your cussing rant at Michael right after you lost your hand. My favorite scene from any television show ever. Thank you for that.
It's unfortunate, as Microsoft brought this up as a headlining game when BC was announced, EA announced immediately that they were in full support of BC. Its a little ridiculous that it's been a year now and one of the most wanted games still isn't BC
If we ever get Skate 4
What rule am I specifically breaking? There are multiple posts doing discussions every day. Edit: just read the rules. There is nothing against open discussions. I am breaking no rules.
The main Battlefield games have never disappointed me before with their DLC, $110 for two to three years worth of content is totally worth it to me
As long as you don't mind waiting a day to get the next thing you want
These people, they aren't EA. They aren't Ubisoft or Rockstar. They probably can't afford someone like Phil Spencer or the guy who announced the Surface Book. They're probably the developers themselves, just trying to get their game's name out there
I think he meant a real source
It's been teased since BC launch but officially confirmed to be in the works December 15th. One hundred and eighty fucking three days ago.
Andy Samburg is a Popstar who on his downtime is a surfer skater guy in Dogtown
And fucking Skate.
The movie?
They're saving him for something better!
Yeah, the official box art was revealed at e3
I think the second was insanely better than the first. I hated the first honestly. But 2 actually had cool special effects, it didn't have nearly as many unexplained events that couldn't actually happen in a million years, and Danny Radcliffe played an awesome role. Plus Lizzy Caplin is super cute and plays a different character for once (it's a little off putting honestly, she's been playing the same role since mean girls)
And Silicon Valley. I love this type of humor but the awkwardness of tabs vs. spaces made even me cringe
Using a cringe factor as comedy isn't his type of comedy. A few good examples would be [David Brent/Michael Scott in the UK/US versions of The Office](https://youtu.be/H7iA5aJXQvo), [all of the characters except Gilfoyle in Silicon Valley](https://youtu.be/M1vfXoUNDYA), [Larry David in Curb Your Enthusiasm](https://youtu.be/551ml3YH5LM), [everybody in The Inbetweeners](https://youtu.be/Bi3SIv_zW-8), and [Bret and Jermaine in Flight of the Conchords.](https://youtu.be/_Vmlj3c3bcM) Those are just some off the top of my head.
Not really, most of the influence of this comes from Europe. The Office, The Inbetweeners, Peep Show, Mr. Bean, it's been going on for decades there. It has just become more popular in the US since the American version of The Office
Oh, someone will show up eventually.
It seemed almost uncharacteristic to Ramsay. It's almost like he ended the Giant's misery, rather than killing Jon for his own gain. If it wasn't Ramsay I would think it was a mercy killing.
Looking at my yard sailing app, there's 8 nearby for tomorrow (obviously Wednesday but it doesn't seem too odd for weekday yardsales). I'd post the picture as proof but there's a huge blue dot with my current location on it
Yard Sale Treasure Map. It's on Android, I don't know about Apple. It's pretty nice, it just uses Craigslist ads, but it's a little cleaner
Suburban Missouri. It's pretty normal here!
The way I see the Skate games is they're similar to games like Elder Scrolls or Fallout. Not in a way of gameplay or even genre, but you can sink 100s of hours into these games. There's so many different things that you can do that nobody may have ever done before. Skate 2 added the ability to make your own parks, and skate 3 perfected it. Personally the original Skate is my favorite, it was very simplistic but I loved the art style and it was my first game with my Xbox 360, so it also has a nosolgia factor
Shit! I responded to the wrong person. Someone down the thread was bitching that his games weren't BC
Damn for some reason I thought ReCore was August 13th. I leave for basic training with the air force September 13th. Guess I'll play it in November!
Not yet unfortunately
"unnecessary"
What I want to know is what is this guy doing right? He's dated Kate Beckinsale, Rachel McAdams AND Sarah Silverman. It's not fair to the rest of the world.
He also has some of the funniest parts in 30 Rock
I'm buying a Wii U in an hour, what is the first game you'd recommend getting? It comes with Mario Kart Edit: I also actually own Wind Waker. I bought it to play at a buddies and I'm gonna bring it home too.
I mean Silverman isn't great looking but I have a thing for funny girls so she goes from like a 6 to an 8 with that humor
Hey! Someone mentioned my sports team! Neat!
Unless it's a kidney donation!
Contemplate
No, before that he was a never nude
Miles Teller actually looks like that guy
Close your mouth dear you look like a trout
Shame.
This one has a happy ending! It was my first week working in the mobile department of Best Buy. I fit in pretty well with my co-workers and mobile manager (still talk to them all semi-daily). I'll always remember this customer as the cowboy. He was probably around 6'3, 6'4, pale as hell wearing sunglasses and a cowboy hat on top of his balding head. He strolls in and walks to the front of a decently long line (it's the week of black friday, there was a pretty fat line). He then proceeds to tell me he wants the Space Gray 128 iPhone 6+ that had come out about a month prior for AT&amp;T. I told him he would have to wait in line, and that we were out of the phone he wanted. He bitched for about 10 minutes about the customer experience and how I was a shit employee. He then proceeded to ask me if it was my first day. I let him know it was my fifth and his face turned bright red. After a few more choice words to me, he asked me what I was going to do to redeem myself from the situation. I proceeded to tell him I refused to have this conversation anymore, and that he needed to proceed to the back of the line if he wanted service. He let out a soft "little cunt" and proceeded to the back of the line. About 45 minutes later he had made it to the front of the line and two coworkers were finished with their customers and they both asked him if he needed service. He told them he was waiting for me. Admittedly I took my time with the customer, a mix of me being new and it being multiple upgrades made it believable. He walks up, plops down on the bench and says, "now give me the phone, and I want a discount on my bill or I'll have a word with your manager." I ask what he wants and he repeats the phone from earlier. I told him we hadn't received a phone shipment in the past hour, and he would have to pick another phone. He then proceeded to scream at me at the top of his lungs, saying that I told him I would hold the phone for him and that I was a liar and a fucking idiot. At this point I'm sort of laughing in my head, trying not to smirk. I'm pretty good under pressure, and went the first 17 years of my life being screamed at, so this was almost comical. Finally after settling down a bit he decided on a different phone we did have in stock. I pull it out and look up his account. And pure bliss enveloped over me. His bill was going to rise either $25 with a $400 down payment, or rise $35.42 with a $80 down payment. I told him the bad news and he burst. Told me to get my manager, this is bullshit, worst customer service he had ever received, and I was a cunt. That was his favorite word. My manager walked over, asked the problem, the guy demanded a free phone on the house from Best Buy or he would call corporate, yada yada yada. Finally I was fed up. I looked at my manager and he said "do you have some input on this Kyle?" I said yes. Turned to the man. Told him he wouldn't be getting a free phone and to fuck off. My manager immediately told me to go to the back room. Waited in there about 20 minutes. My manager came in. He told me that the customer complained to him for 20 minutes, and my manager told me that I would be delt with accordingly. I went from part time to full time that day. My manager thought it was hilarious. He said that guy had been coming in every couple of months to yell about stuff. We never saw him again. I fucking love that job because of my boss. Miss him every day. You're my boy Randy!
I was born in 1995, I work in the Air Force. With computers. I have no complaints.
I'm in a hotel room alone playing Madden. I uprooted my life 3 months ago to join the Air Force so for the first time in eight years I'm not with a girl to kiss on midnight
Better than what I could do
I've put in a few hundred hours and if I did this it was an accident. Just give the guy props it was a cool move
Still drink thought this was real. Glad it wasn't
You're right, the Mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell
You can't say midget! It's as bad as the n-word
Sorry it's from a pretty famous stand up show
Look I agree it was bad but a *travisty*? I wouldn't go that far. The action scenes in the past were cool, and so was the freerunning. It's the scenes in the present that make it really bad. It had potential but they wasted 70% of the movie in the present.
Leonardo DiCaprio and Vera Farmiga in The Departed where Billy Costagan gives his speech about a steady hand. Always gives me chills. Also the Matt Damon and Decaprio scene where Leo arrests Damon.
A lot of people. I have somewhere around 1000 physical copies and don't plan on stopping soon. I enjoy my collection and live in a dorm situation. Easy money renting them out for a day.
Depends where you are. Like 90% of my high school were smokers about four years ago
St. Louis
You hear about Pluto? That's messed up
Weather or not the guy believes in god probably wouldn't change the fact that he experienced the most tragic moment of his life in that instant. Can't really blame the guy for his reaction.
Well that's two things I learned today... And no I've been nowhere near champion
Thanks for the tip I'll do it now! Or maybe actually try using the paddles on the elite controller for something over then forza
Out at a bar right now trying to interact. These people are animals. I'm hiding in the bathroom. Send help.
Not solo, with some friends from my base. I thought I had seen some crazy people in the military but this is a whole new level
Bob Kelso!
Go outside, they're out there!
[Hes the fourth highest paid player in the league, making 60 mil for a 5 year contract.](http://www.cheatsheet.com/sports/highest-paid-nfl-players-2016.html/?a=viewall) [Gisele made a cool 30 mil last year.](http://nesn.com/2016/09/gisele-bundchens-2016-salary-dwarfs-tom-bradys-by-more-than-youd-expect/) He might not make AS much, but that's 89.95 mil more than I made last year.
It's not end of story til the announcement. Anything can happen. I doubt it's a fallout game but hey, it's a possibility.
Well god damnit I'm fucked.
I've never asked for a source and may never again, but anyone got a mobile friendly one?
The Sword in the Stone
Forza is a big one I can think of, and although many of the games are going over to PC as well, Dead Rising 3, Halo MCC, Halo 5, Rare Replay, Sunset Overdrive, and Gears 4 have been relatively successful, and we still have Crackdown 3, Halo Wars 2, Sea of Thieves, State of Decay 2, and Cuphead to look forward to. Not saying PS4 hasn't had some amazing exclusives (I'm fortunate enough to own both consoles), but for people who can only afford one, XB1 is still a very viable system to get if they aren't interested in a gaming PC. Also, backwards compatibility is amazing, I've been playing Skate 3 for months
1. The 88 2. Grouplove 3. Artic Monkeys 4. The Fratellis 5. Kaiydo 6. Florence + The Machines
Doesn't matter, Donglover is Lando. This movie will be amazing.
Thank you very much I will do that!
You sound like you work at a family business in Alabama you gross fuck. Who masterbates at their fucking work desk
I refuse to apologize for something my ancestors DID do. Just because they were pieces of shit doesn't mean I did something worth apologizing for. They didn't have a crystal ball and say "yo for shits and giggles let's have fucking slaves to try and make our great great great grandson have to say sorry for us!"
Don't mean to pry, but you can pick your job in the AF if you have some college. I got my associates, after basic automatically got A1C (two paygrades up from the lowest rank pay) AND got to pick my job (Client Systems)
A lot, and I mean a LOT of airmen get somewhat screwed over by their recruiter, if they're straight out of high school. If you want to join the AF and just have your hs deploma, that's bottom of the barrel, security forces fodder. If you go further in your education up to an associates, usually you can do what you want at a higher level pay. That also depends on how the testing goes, if you score a mid 70s or worse, they just throw you in with the hs deploma guys. But if you score 85-100 on the ASVAB with some college, they'll work with you. I was lucky enough to be able to go to college (unlike a lot of airman here) AND do well on my testing. I'm on of the lucky ones in terms of molding my own career path.
How is radio the word needing autocorrected??
I'm not a part of your country, but I'm proud of them none the less.
It's literally in the title.
*Because of the Internet* got 10th best album of 2013, *Awaken, My Love!* did amazing in ratings and sold 151,000 album equovialants by December 2016. I would say that's pretty successful, and definitely above average. Can't speak for his standup Weirdo, as there really isn't any "awards" for them. But I personally find them funny, and enjoyed it before I watched Community, 30 Rock, Atlanta, or heard his music. He definitely does a good job acting, and has won various rewards for it, including a couple golden globes. He also has won a ton of writing rewards, and has written on some of the funniest shows today (30 Rock, Atlanta, soon to be Deadpool) and wrote the screenplay for Mystery Team. As well as Blowjob Girl, which also happens to be some of Ellie Kempers finest work. The definition of genius is "exceptional intellectual or **creative power** or other natural ability." I would say that is a pretty well describes Glover/Gambino.
Watching right now, it's all about Sgt. Terry!
Some of us never really cared who NPH's husband was, thus a "fun fact" because otherwise many would never find out because of lack of enthusiasm on the subject. Stop thinking everyone has the same useless facts in their brain as you.
It's a relevant part of everyday society
It's a small joke to release some pressure from an intense situation. You're really putting too much thought into this. You're the only person butthurt here
1. When you call someone guy, you automatically sound like an asshole. 2. There are 700+ upvotes on this post, so obviously you're the minority here. 3. Again, it's a joke. No need to take it so seriously. Political jokes have been around this sub since it's beginning.
I know, I'm not even in America, but we are on a website that is primarily used in the United States, and just look at /r/all, most posts that reach the top daily have something to do with American politics. It's just something you should expect to see every day if you're on Reddit every day.
Doesn't mean it isn't a website used heavily by the American population. Thats like going on a heavily used UK website and saying they should keep the Queen and Parlement out of the site.
You don't see UK politics leaking into non political subs because once again, this is a site MAINLY used by Americans.
I want to play these games, but I won't be getting anymore Telltale games until they update their engine to make their games 1. Work correctly without frame rate drops. 2. Look not like shit.
I didn't miss it, you want every sub to stay on topic, which is pretty hard for subs like this where they have to have relevant source material. Hot topics right now would include: Marijuana legalisation, summer blockbusters, the new Kendrick Lamar Album, the new season of game of thrones, vinyl popularity rising, male rompers, and most of all, the hottest topic of all, the Donald Trump administration. Asking a sub that really has no rules against making fun of politics is a little rediculous.
I see little to no soapboxing in this thread. There's one comment calling OP a moron for voting for trump, but even that's light-hearted. You're complaining about nothing.
And yet has over 2000 upvotes and still little to no soapboxing
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one
Staring off camera at his cousin, his biggest crush
If they just put some actual time into their games instead of spitting out 20 different projects at a time, they would have actual good looking, well scripted games. They've proved they can do it from their earlier popular games like Walking Dead and Wolf Among Us. They're the perfect definition of quantity over quality.
If they made a game with a Wolf Among Us calibre story, with a new engine, actually good graphics, and a smooth frame rate, I would 100% be on board
Harry Fucking Potter told his own son that he wished he was never born. That's not even something I could see Malfoy saying. Fuck the cursed child.
Did the Cubs transfer your curse to us now that you've won a series? Because that's not cool man...
Give us a picture of doggo, so that we can all share your feelings.
Thank you for sharing. He will be missed by many.
On the other hand, I've already bought and beaten the only two games I'm getting on the Switch for a while, so it's gathering dust until BOTW DLC or if any was to come out, Mario Kart DLC. After that it's a wait until Arms, which I'll probably get pretty bored of soon. Then Pokken in September which I will also get bored of quick. Then Xenoblade 2 and Mario come out and it won't be a dust builder anymore. But for 5~ months it's just going to gather dust. I wish more big first party games were coming out in 2017.
Ah yes. Also note he's old. Odin is also old.
On /r/Android...? One of the most popular cell phone makers? Yeah makes sense
Personal info in my comment and a little at the end of hers involving locations
You as well!!
I'm sorry I can't respect a blatently stupid opinion.
I've never met my dad. But I have an amazing father figure in my life for nearly eight years. He guided me to the career I have today, and has made me a much better adult that I would have been without him, looking back at my path at 15. I'm calling him now to let him know how much he means to me.
He really is my dad, blood doesn't matter.
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang will always be my favourite movie because of him
Not always. I see plenty of "girls" on Tinder that are quite obviously men. And this isn't me saying, "that girl is so odd looking she must be a guy!" No they're quite obviously a man. And half the time they don't have it in the discription. I want people to be whatever they want to be, but I'm also looking for a female that's always been a female. Just my preference.
I've a guy, I've boxed, wrestled, practiced martial arts, am a daily gym goer, and watched every Jackie Chan movie. But if I got in the ring with really any hardcore female boxer, I'd get fucked up. Biology is true 95% of the time in these situations, but she might be the outlier
Not really, but if I get in the ring with Ronda fucking Rowsey I'm getting my ass beat
Hey I'm sorry you're getting downvoted, but you shouldn't be just because of your beliefs if they aren't hurting anybody
My best friend in the entire world did something like this. His girlfriend broke up with him, he didn't tell anyone. Not me, his parents, nobody knew. But that next morning before school he texted her, "this is your fault." And killed himself. Was over before she finished dialing 911. This was 7 years ago and I still hurt from it every day. His family still hurts from it every day. The girl still hurts from it every day. If you're thinking about killing yourself, think about your loved ones, even the ones you don't think care, and find help first.
Each episode is half of a book, so more than likely we'll get him for a minimum of two, hour long episodes
Hello, I'm 22, which is basically 18 but 1.2 repeated times better.
Beast titan is best teen titan
If you're near London, I'll drive there right fucking now
You're on the marvel sub...
I'll be honest, I've never watched professional wrestling before. I wrestled in elementary/middle/high school, the unprofessional, 6 minutes on the mat, point system wrestling. I went to college. Got my degree in the subject matter of Criminal Justice. Decided after I got my degree that being a police officer wasn't for me. I wanted to travel the world. I joined the military. Now I've been to three countries I never would have believed I would have been to, even if you told me a year ago. In all that experience, through getting the shit beaten out of me at wrestling for years, through seeing mugshots, reinacting murder scenes, and visiting prisons while getting my degree, and through all of the messed up crazy ass shit I see in the military day by day I can say one thing for certain. This man is the most fucked up human ever and I hope John Cena or Dwayne Johnson or whoever is a wrestler for what's good and rituous now comes and avenges that dog. Something something guy threw another guy of a roof in 1998.
Have any Marvel or Star Wars NPCs been confirmed for this game? Imagine doing special moves with Sora and Iron Man, or Luke freaking Skywalker!!!
I guess I'm lucky as shit because I live in the UK, but am in the military, so I get US price, PLUS no taxes. If they announce preorders up at E3 I'm damn sure preordering at $499 or less
Well hopefully they've added them in since, but I definitely won't get my hopes up with that in mind. Cheers!
Had sex for the first time at 16 (long time ago unfortunately). 16 yo me saw porn with people banging against the wall, thought I'd try it. Threw my back out. Back still hurts today.
Wrestled for 17 years, my back is basically mush
Isn't Big Hero 6 a Marvel product? That bodes well
"could a rowboat support her?"
I'm not anymore, as of like eight years ago
Lol my back never REALLY hurt until that encounter. Now it constantly bothers me. I think wrestling made it week then that was kinda the straw that broke the camel's back. The camel being me, the female being the straw. And no I wish I did WWE, I never really watched it but I know many enjoy it, it makes people happy, plus meeting Dwayne Johnson and John Cena would be cool.
No, I wrestled from 4 to 21. Sorry for the confusion.
No dad to roughhouse with, it was like an actual wrestling class for pre-k kids. Kept up with it til kindergarten, went to a kindergarten class, after that our elementary school had a "team." As did our middle and high school. College did too. Finished my associates and didn't want to go back for a bachelor's. Quit wrestling, gained 20 pounds. Joined the military. Haven't regretted it.
Definitely a mix of wrestling, and family history. Getting thrown around a 100 times a day six days a week for years will do that, no matter how toned you are.
For what exactly? Not watching WWE?
I just like Johnson and Cena from movies and shows. It would really just be a good excuse to meet them.
Why would that be a bad thing? I get Marvel, they aren't classic movies like Aladdin or Hercules. But Star Wars is such a cool concept for them. Have Hoth or the Death Star as a world.
Makes me think we won't see much til next E3, which makes me sad. But I have high hopes for this game so I'll be patient.
Seriously, you've piqued my interest. How am I an idiot.
E3 ruined
Come on BL3...
Nah Borderlands the Post PreSequel
Did you not see the past hour and a half? They've announced like 30 new games.
Then play them on other consoles, many of the games you won't be able to play in 4k 60fps.
BOR.DER.LANDS. BAY BEEEEEEE Edit: God damnit.
It's 4k gaming. It really isn't that surprising.
The big problem with the last console was the lack of big change between the 360 and one, and the whole kinect issue. This one has major upgrades from the one. Like they're a world apart.
Anthem. Shadow of Middle. Assassin's Creed Origins. The new Dragon Ball Z. State of Decay 2.
As the wise Rick Sanchez once said, "I don't give a fuccccccckkkkkkkkk!"
Nope! Just search for the driver on Microsoft's website. I use my elite controller daily
Your point? Exclusivity doesn't really matter that much if you ALREADY have the Xbox
Exclusivity doesn't really matter if you already own the console, PLUS if you get the new system you get to play in 4k 60fps, better than the PS4 Pro or a &lt; £1500 PC and monitor.
Microsoft has literally been saying since day 1 Scorpio announcement that is was for people who want to shell out a bit more money for a console to play 4k @ 60 FPS. Never once did they lead us on to believe it would be inexpensive. The XB1 S just dropped to 200, parents will buy that for the kids and the kids will probably love it
I'm happy man. Enjoy your games! I play Rocket League on my PC all day with my controller, makes life a lot easier.
Can't wait to get my X.B.O.X. I was excited for the show, saw some amazing games. A tad let down that there was no Bord3rlands announcement but hey, maybe at a different conference! Cuphead, Crackdown, Sea of Thieves, Forza, SoM, and a few of the ID games I didn't catch the name of all look like day 1 purchases for me
Again, the console is for people who want to game in 4k 60fps. They're gonna have to pay more for that. And again. They never once said it was going to be cheap. And AGAIN. They lowered the Xbox One S price to make it super competitive with the Pro
They don't seem to be trying to sell this console for exclusives, they seem to be trying to sell it for it's 4k and 60fps capabilities. If Sony made a console that could do that by Nov 4th, honestly I'd get that one because of the exclusives, but they aren't, so I'm getting Microsoft's.
Like mom, ~~dad~~, grandpa, and grandma give a fuck about 4k, especially if they're buying it for a kid with no 4k TV (example: 99% of kids right now) they're going to see the Xbox One S for $200 and say cool this is it.
You definitely can't get a 4k gaming at 60 FPS on PC for near $500. Add in TV and tax let's say $1300. That's if you buy all in store instead of online. Online, $1150ish. A GTX 1080 alone is $650. Add in $500 for a decent monitor, an i7 at about $300, 8gb of RAM for $80, motherboard $80, windows 10 $100, gaming keyboard + mouse $100, case $60, power supply $70, sound card $10, WiFi adapter $10, thermal paste $5, hard drive $80 for a TB, speakers or headphones $70. I went cheap with some parts too. That's about... $2200 pre tax, most people building a rig buy online so I'll go with that. So it's about 1000 more bucks to get the same quality gaming experience of a PC to an Xbox One X. And I'm a person who owns a 4k gaming PC. I love it. I play it all the time.
I dunno, Forza, Assassin's Creed, Crackdown 3, Sea of Thieves, Middle Earth, Ori, Metro, Cuphead, and just the new Xbox stuff left me satisfied. Plus Anthem as the big new AAA game made it a good show for me.
I'm buying the new one because I have a 4k TV, I don't think there's any reason to get one other than that. My PC can play Forza 7, but nowhere near 4k 60fps. Racing games are my favorite, so that's a big thing for me. If they have a bundle I'd get that in a heartbeat.
They said that about Fallout 4 too like 3 months before E3 2015
It wasn't even that good compared to Morrowind and Oblivion. I would be so much more hyped for VI or a remaster of those two. Hell even a remaster of Daggerfall or Fallout 3 would have been more exciting
I think just the transition from air to sea was so impressive it got my hype up. Might have to look back after the dust settles to see if I'm really that interested
I'm speaking as if someone was starting fresh, not in technicalities for you specifically. That's about what the price would be for someone building their first PC, vs someone getting a X.B.O.X. I'm not really over price on much, $100 for Windows is normal for the average person, an i5 7600 is $240 so I'll take 60 off to be fair, if you're gaming you're going to want a decent keyboard and mouse. It isn't required but if you're shelling out for 4k it really wouldn't be surprising. Speakers or headphones are necessary, if you want to actually hear a game, which is important. My point it, it's excessively more expensive to make a PC that does the same thing if you're starting fresh on either building a PC or Xbox setup. Again, I'm not against PC gaming, I game on PC more than my Xbox PS4 and switch combined times 10. As for exclusives, I'm excited to play OG Xbox games, but they are lacking in exclusives. They did bring up some games to look forward to. Cuphead, Forza, AC, Battlegrounds, and a few others I'm blanking out.
I game on PC more than consoles, but I HATE having an EA Origin account, Steam account, GOG Galaxy account, ubisoft account, etc. It's just a ton to keep up with.
It's still annoying if I ever have to wipe my hd or if it crashes (like it did 4 days ago for me). My Xbox is just my outlook account. All my games are there or on disc.
Or instead of spending the past 6 years milking the same game, how about making a new one? They know it's a beloved series but how long can I go having fun getting knocked around by giants and having fun with the thieves guild? The answer: I can go three years.
I realise it takes time, but it's been six years, for their most popular series. They've had three Fallout games in seven years.
How are they milking it? Is that a joke? They've released it now for three generations of consoles! 360/PS3/wii gen, XB1/PS4/Wii u gen, ???/???/switch gen. That's rediculous. Instead of wasting their time (and ours) making remaster after remaster, why not start making a NEW Elder Scrolls 3 years ago, to be released this year
I'm so sick of Skyrim... Six years of it and it's STILL getting released. Just make VI already!
Other than you can weird a sword and bow, wear green clothes, and you can attack chickens, there's not too much in common
I'm not oblivious in any way, this is the only game they've ever remastered. It's the only game they've put on multiple generations unless you count backwards compatibility. As for the switch, the hardware has ALWAYS been behind other systems. Hardware has never been what Nintendo is about. It would be considered next gen, since Wii u was current gen with XB1 and PS4, and Wii considered current gen with 360 and PS3. It getting released on another console means time wasted putting it on there. If it takes three months of man hours to put it on the switch, that's three months of man hours that could have been put towards ES VI. I won't be buying it, and hopefully few people will, since the game has been around for six years. Three months before the Fallout 4 announcement, they said Fallout 4 was a long way away too. Releasing on a 6th system over six years is a waste of time, man hours, resources, brain power, just about everything. As for the team size, CD Projekt RED, a team of comparable size, created Witcher 2 and Witcher 3, games of equal or more content than Skyrim, took 5 years in-between the games. If they can do it, Bethesda could have too. Easily.
I would think so. Don't expect the intricate puzzles or the loveable characters, but do expect a nice open world like BOTW, and it has some amazing side quests. It took me over 300 hours to complete the main story just because I kept getting distracted
I'm not making a comparison of games I'm making a comparison on teams and how long they take to make games of similar size.
Oh shut the hell up. The Xbox isn't that bad. At least they're trying to make cross play a thing and being pro consumer
That's hilarious that you think that they're faking caring. They have added BC for all their systems now. Sony hasn't. The PC crowd wanted to play Halo, Forza, Gears, and all their other exclusives, so they brought them to PC. Sony hasn't. They allowed cross play to PC and Switch for not only Minecraft, a game they own, but they allowed it for Rocket League, a game that was a Sony exclusive for a year. Sony can't even return the favour. They brought 4k blu ray to the Xbox One S. Sony didn't add it to the Pro. They lowered the price of the S to $250, Pro is still $400. Now, I don't say this often. In fact I think it's a bit of a repulsive word. But if you think current Microsoft is anti consumer, you're utterly fucking retarded.
They pawned it to another company and it was the best of the three. They could have easily done it with Elder Scrolls. I don't count ESO online at all
Or you could be wrong
My apologies I thought you were saying that people should consider ESO a real ES game
Honestly really surprised they can say fuck in the trailers for E3! It's a surprise to be sure, but a welcome one
I've never personally heard it but I also usually only watch the trailers. This is the first time I'm watching live
I'm not complaining I'm pleasantly surprised!
Glad to see it's Ubisoft Singapore, same team that did Black Flag
That's like saying every person from the middle East is going to blow up a building or every Jewish person is gold crazy. Don't just lump everyone up, everybody is an individual. Whoever this Crapgamer guy is doesn't speak for the community because his voice is loud.
You mean like the time that Microsoft tried to make cross play a big thing and Sony told them to fuck off? Twice? Or all the times Phil Spencer and Major Nelson has cheered on Sony? You're right Microsoft is really taking the piss out of them
And here I thought we would make it through the concert with no cringe...
Gotta respond to my texts, glad I have an equivalent of a commercial break
I was interested... Then that toy shit came into play
OH SICK A GAME THAT'S ALREADY OUT
"seriously guys Steep is out... Please buy it... Please clap..."
How? I get that it maybe beats EA, but Bethesda and Microsoft put out some neat shit. Ok BGAE, this is the best conference
Wow after 500 other games, it's the first game I'm interested in
Bethesda had Wolfenstein and The Evil Within, Microsoft had the Xbox X, Forza, Anthem gameplay, Crackdown 3, Metro, Cuphead, Battleground, Sea of Theives. So far Ubisoft has had some alright stuff but only skull and bones, far cry, and crew 2 seem interesting
I have a fat fever and have had a large quantity of niquil, so I honestly don't know if the fact that his name in *W/ Bob and David* is literally just Slave is the funniest fucking thing ever seen or not.
Don't lie to yourself, it won't look this good at launch
I mean it's Ubisoft, when have they proven us wrong?
Miles Morales, another spiderman from the Ultimate Spiderman Universe. Looks like this is pre-powers.
I know I do, it'd be interesting if halfway through Peter dies and Miles takes over.
Well we all have different opinions, I'm not gonna sit here and trash yours, but it's stupid and I hate you No but in all seriousness why would that be so bad? Miles is a cool character
If it's a true open world it's going to be incredible. Creed and Mordor can't really compare to an Arkham game when it comes to being able to travel. The combat here looks miles better than Batman with all the environmental stuff.
Why? Miles is a new and interesting character that hasn't been shown in anything but the comics, he is going to come into the movies or games at some point. I for one welcome our new insect overlord
Well that's just like, your opinion man.
Seems like a ton of people are excited about that little reveal at the end.
Sorry to hear that, I disagree. I think he's pretty fresh. I'm not a fan of any of the other spider people
~~/r/jesuschristreddit~~ /r/allahuakbarreddit
I thought that push started whenever Donglover did his *Weirdo* special. He mentions him being Spider-man and Michael Sara being Shaft
Everyone is so salty about Miles, I hope Peter kicks the bucket early in, trying to get that dope ass costume, those chameleon powers, and get some nice stealth missions going.
Miles has been around 6 years... Peter has been around 56 years. I hope we get to play as Miles in this game. I hope Mr. Negative kills Peter there, first mission, and it's Miles learning his powers from that point on.
I'd say more than that. This MIGHT be Miles first big debut outside of the comics, with the exception of little phone games and a part on some Disney show that got cancelled. Everyone acts like Miles is outshining Peter at every turn, but in reality he's not relevant outside of the comics yet.
Everyone who likes mcu (and more on top of that) are going to see the next Marvel movie. And the next and the next. Even if we get "burned" by one, so many directors and writers work on these films that the chances of someone not coming back to watch the next are slim. They can keep a level of secrecy because people are hooked. When it comes to the TV shows, less people are going to watch them. It's just a fact. So let some rumors fly around, some set photos out to stir up some publicity is a smart move for them. I look at it like E3 announcements. They announced Fallout 4 a few months before release, and everyone was pumped, and everyone bought it. They announced the Last of Us 2 like three years early, and now people are pissed they have to wait.
I doubt Tony would be wielding it, he's human, and Quill couldn't hold the power of one stone alone, while being half a celestial. If anyone was going to wear it I would assume it would be Adam Warlock, Captain Marvel, Vision (with the hammer of course!) or Thor
The comics and movies are two separate entities. I don't really think he is a possibility, since no human in the MCU has really wielded an infinity stone, except Jane Foster and Red Skull, but Red Skull got fucked because of it and it made Jane Foster invisible and mute in the movies.
You shut your whore mouth. ESO is a bullshit game. They just took WOW and put some Argonians in it
What if Cap takes the offer, goes back in time, and uses that 60 years to find a way to warn everybody about Thanos!
I just hope Rockstar starts showing their games 6ish months before release. They have started this nasty habit of releasing trailers nearly 2 years before release. GTA 5 first trailer: Nov 2011 GTA 5 release: September 2013 ( Mover 2014 and April 2015) RDR 2 first trailer: Oct 2016 RDR 2 release date: Q2 2018 (so like summer) Where as GTA IV and RDR 1(ish) first trailers were both about a year prior which is pretty decent. Hope they go back to that trend.
I went on PlaystationTrophies to kinda map out the time itll take for each, and of course those two games didn't have a time for the PS4 versions, so I'll be doing those two last. I'm excited and dreading it at the same time, I promised myself I wouldn't buy any new games until I beat them all
That's my plan from now on. It's hard because I'm so far behind but I will catch up eventually. Half of these games I'm 3/4th done with anyways so it shouldn't take forever
I don't play online because it takes a damn hour to get in games and it's even harder to stay in them, at least it was as of 6 months ago. If that makes GTAO "so good" I want to see a great game.
Can't kill off any characters if all the characters are killed off already
It's only a problem because these people skipped 6th grade science and don't know how chromosomes work
All of the Forza series has been high quality, amazing content, but that's only if you like racing games, so that's not for everyone. Sunset Overdrive was an amazing game, but the humour wasn't for everyone. Gears 4 is pretty great, as well as Gears Ultimate Edition. Ori and the Blind Forest is pretty well renowned. Quantum Break was spectacular! Halo Wars franchise is fun, and a different change of pace from their usual games. And finally, the most popular, Halo. But they haven't made a great one since 3 (objectively)
Sorry I misread that, mixed two comments together. Thought you said something along the lines of "can't remember the last time Microsoft put out a good new first party game." That's my bad
So you're telling me you could build a system that can accomplish 4k @ 60fps. Bullshit. $500 pays for the graphics card and the thermal paste.
Great! Not everyone can afford a PC that costs $1500
It's literally impossible. I'm a PC guy, but I'm not going to be delusional and think that it's possible to build a system that can do the same thing for less than $800 before the monitor
I sure hope not! I want my buffalo burgers, squirrel shish-kabobs, narwhal nuggets, racoon ribs, my baboon bacon. Fuck off with your animal rights. Nobody wants them except a few loony fucks.
Healthy competition benefits both parties. Shitty now runs an empire... It's lonely on the throne.
And to make Obama look even more dumb, he should pay back the students who finally paid off their debt! ^^^Like ^^^me
We don't need to go that far, some flippers and a bump of cocaine should suffice.
But it'll be popular again the next year
I expected to come into the comment section and see, "some dude?? That's José Futebol, the best player to ever live. Some say his spirit still encompasses the soccer ball used in every Brazil game." Sad to see it's just some guy bouncing around cereal.
I want the laxness of Stanley, the cool of Darryl, the humor of Jim, and the confidence of Ryan. All I've got is the brains of Kevin and the body of Dwight
1. Goodfellas. I grew up watching gangster movies and shows. This was always perfection for me. It perfectly encompasses what I think the gangster life would be like. Plus it's a damn good story and Scorsese at his best. 2. The Departed. I love a story that doesn't end up how you want it. Leo did the perfect job protraying a flawed hero, and Damon is rarely a villain, and pulls off the role well. And Nicholson is always brilliant. 3. Seven. In my opinion the best mystery movie of all time. John Doe is one of the best villains of all the time, and Spacey did an amazing job playing him. My favorite work from both Pitt and Freeman. 4. No Country for Old Men. In my opinion this movie perfected the villain. I have never seen a more intimidating performance. Bardem is amazing. Plus my favorite roll of Tommy Lee Jones. 5. Men in Black. I know this is a bit different than my other movies, but I was two when this movie came out. It was/is my mother's favorite movie, so I grew up watching it, as well as Fresh Prince. Will Smith will always be part of my childhood. This is also my second favorite Tommy Lee Jones performance, and probably the reason I love Elvis so much. Elvis isn't dead he just went home.
Yippee!
It's my personal favorite, but I think it's pretty unanimous that Empire is the best.
I think they're all pretty well liked, it's pretty hard to find a clear best of the three
And the social awkwardness of toby
They would riot
Stuff you /u/CouldBeTravis!
That's extremely impressive. I'm trying to 100% every game I own right now because I have this filthy habit of buying game after game without finishing any, and when I was looking at what it takes to complete this game specifically I think it was over 100 hours. So that definetly takes dedication!
It's exclusive to Microsoft, meaning you can play it on Microsoft products, so Windows and Xbox. No matter what they're making the money because you either purchased an Xbox or purchased a system with Windows or bought the software
My three favorites were actually each exclusives from each console. Mario, Spider-man, and Cuphead. I've been looking forward to more Cuphead news for months, Spider-man is my favorite superhero (I know, him and batman are everyone's favorite) and I grew up playing Mario, so this game looks like a dream come true
You're almost there! And I've been using that, so far platinumed Uncharted 1 &amp; 2, working on 3 &amp; 4. After that I have like 15 more games to go that are like half complete.
I love a happy ending. Also, congrats to them!
What do you all think the untitled four are going to be? I know we know that one is Spider-man 2 and one is GotG 3, but I don't think the other two have been semi confirmed. My guess is another Black Panther, Dr Strange and/or Captain Marvel, but I'd love for one to be an Adam Warlock and one to be Namor.
I'd say they're even on simplicity, to turn off subreddit style and downvote that's two clicks, to downvote with Z that's one click one button press. That's the same amount of presses. But scenarios come into play here, what happens if you don't preemptively turn off subreddit style? You gotta scroll all the way up to the top. But what if you're at a buddies and he's a fucking freak that uses an alphabetical keyboard? Then you gotta press T, then curse, backspace, scan the keyboard for the damn Z, realise it's alphabetical, curse again, tell your friend he's a dumbass, then press Z. Or what if you drop off your keyboard at the cleaners and all you have is a mouse? Then you have no choice but to go with the subreddit style. But what if you drop your mouse off at the cleaners... Then you can't do both... Fuck there's too many complications. You're best just doing the coding option
I (mostly) bought my switch for first party games, exclusives, and local co-op, so I would totally buy this game if it came out for switch.
I've been trying to read the books but it's rough. Sunday's used to be my reading days but now my buddies and I do this thing called "Sunday's are for the 'Fellas" where we watch gangster movies and sip on whiskey til we're drunk, then go to the gym (don't worry we walk!). I don't know why I'm telling you this story, I think I'm still drunk and I work in an hour.
Nowhere is a good place to be if you're on the bad side of Dr. Norris. I say doctor because he has a PHD in ass-whoopery.
Paging /u/majornelson, we need you!
There's no indication that they didn't become friends during the show, since the ending there have been multiple times they've been seen together on and off screen. And I'm not getting married anytime soon, but I'm still friends with the people I worked with 8 years ago, and we haven't worked together since. I'd invite them to my wedding if someone loved me
That's a little extreme, that's like comparing this incident with ISIS vs pretty much everyone else
I gave one example of many, it's just a relevant example right now.
I hope it's Jimmy in college, I loved his character. It's a possibility, Rockstar sometimes brings back playable characters and sometimes doesn't. They do in Red Dead Revolver/Redemption, and Max Payne 1, 2, &amp; 3
How is Miles a fake version? He's a different person with the same powers that takes the mantle after Parker dies. He's probably going to be around to stay too, he's already been around 6 years. Might as well get used to him
Batman and Bruce Wayne are polar opposites. Superman and Clark Kent are polar opposites. Bruce Banner and Hulk are polar opposites. Daredevil and Matt Murdock are polar opposites. I'd say most hero's are nothing like their regular person personality with the acception of like Iron Man and Captain America.
"i was a bit immature back then, how about we talk about it over drinks?"
Look, you can spout your opinion all day long, but your opinion is wrong. Just because you think Miles Morales is "fake" doesn't mean you're right. It's a cold hard fact that he is a created superhero that took up the mantle of Spider-man. Argue all day, there's nothing that can change that fact
Risky click of the day
So you're basing your view of the entire culture based on your little experience with them? That's like me seeing a dead goldfish and assuming all goldfish are dead.
He's evaded shots from both Deadshot/Deathstroke
I don't think that, I think some are and some aren't. Because every person is different. Some are pieces of shit and some aren't.
There would probably be more than a few doctors at pro-vac rallies
/r/cheeseandricereddit
I'll be one of those in 68 years! See you then!
Cocaine my friend
I know it's shit pizza, but I miss Imos...
Ever seen Requiem for a Dream? She can definitely act.
But we've had Peter's story over 6 movies (7 if you include Civil War). We've heard it. And heard it. And heard it. At least Miles is a little fresh and non-comic people don't know anything about him
Because three years is the difference between can act and can't
Spider-Man 1-3, amazing Spider-Man 1-2, I count civil war, and homecoming
Why are you the way that you are?
Sounds like you're missing out
How would you know unless you read Harry Potter? You know, one of the most positively well received book series of all time
The scene in Dodgeball where White shows up to the girls house and hits on her makes me laugh and cringe at the same time.
I believe you're the misguided one. Just because something has a big PR effort doesn't mean it doesn't have good quality. They're pretty much some of the best children books ever. Your McDonald's anology is pretty damn stupid too. Actually, your whole arguement is pretty damn stupid, you have no idea what you're talking about in any way.
Thanks bb
"Hey Dipshit! I saved your life now give me back my fucking suit!"
I like to think that Michael was trying to teach him to be a leader in his own way, he saw promise in everybody (except Toby) and the promise he saw in Dwight was leadership. I think while Michael was grooming him to be a better leader, Jim and Pam were helping his social skills. When they were not together, they kinda tortured him with mean pranks (putting his shit in the vending machine, the Christmas desk prank), but once J+P got together, the pranks started to get nicer and more friendly, and eventually Dwight started fighting back, and even more eventually they became friends.
Go to her.
This is honestly one of the worst game trailers I've ever seen. I was thinking about buying the standalone CoD 4 for nostalgias sake, but no... I'm good now.
I mean, two recent examples would be Nioh and Persona 5
Of course! He taught everyone something. He taught Dwight (and somewhat Darryl) how to lead. Pam and Phyllis courage. Jim friendship. Kelly, Andy, and Ryan confidence. Jan unconditional love (which she passed on to her daughter). Angela, Oscar, and Stanley the lighter side of things. Kevin, Creed, and Meredith kindness (they should've been fired like 70 times each). And finally, most important of all, he taught Toby he wasn't wanted.
Me as well. Working on it though, if nothing goes wrong the 15th of July will be my first paycheck I can save a majority of.
If I accidentally say bless you to a cough and someone specifically says something about it, I usually just say gazuntite and they look at me weird and walk away.
He's "supposed" to be an entertainer above all, and is praised more for his dancing then his singing.
Did you see/hear how terrible that trailer was? I was pretty neutral until I saw how cringy it has gotten
How was he shite? Imo he's going down as one of the best villains of all time, with Anton Chigurh, Hans Landa, and Hans Gruber
I think his writing was incredible. He may have been a psycho but everything he did was for a reason, and a good one. He had a big ego consistently and finally it bit him in the ass (and everywhere else). But he had plenty of death. He had a lust for power. Once he got it he wanted more. And more and more.
There's definitely some memorable scenes and I only saw the movie in theaters. There's the destroying of the Native American gift store, the old lady and the piano, the FUCKIN SNO BALLS scene, the bathroom scene, and the punch scene.
Shut up and take my money!
I could definitely go into detail on them but I'm not going to spend 20 minutes proving a point on Reddit
And what I am saying, is that I, some random guy who saw the movie one time eight years ago, can remember vividly particularly well, that I assume many can as well, especially the people who have seen it multiple times, or more recently. As for forgettable, eight years later I still hear plenty of people talking about, zombie fiends included. I'd say it was a pretty relevant movie.
