I didn't really discover edm music that I liked until I was nearly 30. I can't fathom the idea of going to a club/show/festival. I can't imagine being that guy with a bald spot trying to spit game to 18-24 yr old girls. And I can't imagine getting into recreational drugs I've never used before with a full time job and other time sensitive responsibilities. Still love edm, I'll just enjoy if from the periphery.
So was Best Buy 10 years ago. "Hey bro, glad you could come over...what do you want to do? We got some time to kill." "Wanna go to best buy? They got Madden on a sweet setup with a 60 inch TV!"
...Where do you live?
Definitely fire...but [2 years ago fire](http://www.reddit.com/r/trap/comments/1amg1v/milk_in_my_sippy_cup_y_trap_mix/).
He's probably used that same line/joke at many other gatherings. Political speeches, be them serious or not, are well rehearsed. He was probably just too lazy to remove the Biden bits, or hoped no one would call him out on it.
ITT: people far too edgy and brave 4 me.
Do we know which sets are marketable/tradeable? Is it random or are only the same sets marketable/tradeable? It would be interesting to see how the system is messed up. Is it random sets, specific sets, and is it an error. I could see a lot of problems if they revert the items from marketable/tradeable to not tradeable. A lot of users would be upset if they fucked this up.
Checked out vpgame.com...I can't read anything...
&gt; dota2.vpgame.com Well that certainly makes a difference! Thanks. I'm very new to betting. So new, most of my bets have been for mere tens of pennies. I've only used D2L so far, but might give vpgame a try. Thanks!
Only way Cleveland can get a foul call: be a 5 foot 10 white guy getting clobbered by 7 foot black men.
Well, for Republican lawmakers, the goal is to starve the Obama Administration of legislative victories. And Obamacare is his signature legislative achievement. If Obamacare is upheld, continues to work, and is successful over a period of time, it shifts from being the "new healthcare law" to becoming the standard, the expected. It becomes commonplace and no longer a point of contention. And at that point, Obama would be heralded as a greater president because of it. Republican lawmakers want to deprive this potential future history from becoming reality.
Yup, 10% is the max.
KINKY
With rumors that they don't want a 1 mana cantrip in standard makes me think it landing in a blue-focused EDH deck, with new art, would be an ideal landing spot for it.
Rule of thumb, any commodity, when it is digital, [drives towards zero.](http://www.amazon.com/Free-The-Future-Radical-Price-ebook/dp/B002DYJR4G)
Sheesh, I just can't get into cosmetics like others can...I'm just too cheap. Sure, I have expendable funds, but I can't justify spending large sums on digital items, or literally anything digital. I did "splurge" on the lvl 50 compendium...but even that I was hesitant "Is this a good value? Will I regret this purchase? Is it worth it?" questions run through my head before every purchase, especially "frivolous" ones like hats. To this day my total expenditure on Dota 2 is less than $50. Thanks for subsidizing my play, big hat spenders!
Kevin Hart is the socially acceptable Katt Williams.
This is true, and in many ways a convenience...but internet speeds and other applications really haven't caught up to make it that accessible. I mean, I still can't email an attachment larger than 20 mb at work through outlook. To download my entire library of one genre of EDM music would take me hours at the 15-35 MB/s speeds available in my area. If we want everything on the cloud, we need some big fucking pipes, and we need them everywhere.
Yeah! It used to take me 15-30 minutes for a single Limp Bizkit song on Napster! I did it all for the nookie!
Any link? Cause this link dont work.
*water weight*
I think it also stems from the fact that reading/browsing reddit is an entirely personal and solo experience. Reddit is loaded with inside jokes, internet humor, and circlejerks that your average person won't understand, and won't understand why you find it so funny. Sharing reddit posts and/or comments with others can quickly become cringe-inducing.
Seems confusing for causal players...more confusing than additional deckslots.
One thing is for sure, advertisers now love using trap tracks on their commercials. From shoes to beer to cars to energy drinks. The more generic the better. I probably notice a new commercial featuring trap once a week.
Yo fam, you dun kno me. Shit is str8 fiya. Got me ROLLIN on dis un, ya erd? Hahahaha
Is anyone else going to point out that the weekly ask anything threads have the word "ask" repeated in the first line of the message? It's been this way for probably 6 months :)
Indeed. It is pretty sad, and desperate, when a channel goes from a standard visualizer to some stock image of some hot chick...like...we know why you did this...
Wow...his career accomplishments are so...shallow: - Bilzerian's most notable cash was in the 2009 World Series of Poker Main Event, for which he appeared on six episodes of the show's television broadcast. He finished in 180th place - In 2010, he was voted one of the funniest poker players on Twitter by Bluff Magazine - Bilzerian was signed by online casino company bgo to front their TV advertising campaign alongside Verne Troyer.
A 42 year old who not only reads, but posts, on adviceanimals is cringe enough.
You could make the argument that Lion is better "starting" hero for players new to the game. Making his stun hard to use would only frustrate new players. Literally every one of his spells is targetable. It's a change that doesn't affect pro level significantly, and affects new players significantly. I'd say Valve doesn't want to go that route.
Eh, it's any successful franchise. "Catering to the casuals" as it is usually referenced.
For those wondering how to get loungestats, it was new to me so thought I'd share: http://www.reddit.com/r/LoungeStats/comments/2dtm9w/how_to_install_loungestats/
Depends on the level of play. Sometimes I feel like it's just a matter of which teams have more cores. When everyone is average, and farm is evenly distributed, and your opponents aren't good enough to punish you for your greedy lineup, eventually you just have 5 right clickers that turn online.
Once I saw Diablo had tits, I completely checked out of the story.
It seems the bigger the tourney, and the higher profile of the team, the more consistent the matches are. Lower tier or even tier 2 teams competing in smaller less well organized events don't seem to have very reliable lineups or outcomes. This is just what I've been noticing lately. Mars dota tourney was really consistent. The favorite almost always won. But other small tourneys recently were hard to predict and had a lot of volatility in lineups.
I'm new to this whole betting thing and I'm trying to learn as fast as possible. Right now I'm 18-12. Although I have more wins, I've lost more in value and in items than I have won. Basically, it came down to betting too many items and sometimes too much value on matches that just didn't turn out. In trying to learn some general rule of thumbs from my observations. If anyone could verify these or add their own that would be really helpful: - bet small on big underdogs in best of ones. The classic "yolo bet." The payout is usually pretty good for the relatively small risk. - in a best of 3, bet the stronger team. This doesn't always mean the favored team. Which team has been drafting really well? Which team has a good understanding of the meta? Which team has been facing and/or beating top teams or teams above their usual bracket? This implies your able to watch some of the matches, or at least follow the drafts/outcomes online. - follow news and updates on teams. Who has standins? Who needs to win more, such as for placement matches or lower division. Follow gosugamers rankings and see recent matches. This is probably the hardest and most time consuming part. These ideas only scratch the surface on the complexity of betting. I hope to learn more and get better. I'm $3 in the hole right now despite being 18-12!
GSW was a clear, clear favorite IMO. Teams play completely different when they are in must win situations. GSW also played poorly the game prior and hadn't lost 3 in a row since 2013. A bounce back was not only likely, it was expected. I was shocked originally to see Cleveland was the favorite. So many bugattis lost on Cleveland. Wish I placed a bet but I don't have an account with vp games yet.
Another thing to consider is that Cleveland has been basically playing 6 players. That's almost 40 minutes a night per player. GSW were playing 10 players in their rotation. It was bound to happen that Cleveland's players would suffer from fatigue. They get 2 days off tho so game 5 is now tricky to predict. I'd have a small bet on GS, but only because of home court. I wish I knew as much, and felt as confident about my projections with the dota as I do with the nba.
You can't really criticize the techies pick, he may have picked it first and his team didn't pick complementary heroes. With tinker and tech the game can stall forever. Which is just what a team with specter wants. His team should have picked an appropriate carry to help the late game. They had none.
Very nice streak there. What sort of resources do you typically use to help make your decisions? I've been hitting only about 50/50 lately. Typically try to use gosugamers for past match ups. The comments on d2l discussion seem to be rather dishonest and deceptive too.
"What is battlebots? Is that a game show?"
And add an app for the PS3! I desperately desire one.
Yeah I upped my bet for Burden from .06 to .17. Yeah high roller :)
I'm pretty concerned about Navi picking Puck. So far Puck has been an insta-lose hero pick...
The item is being bought out. It isn't just "deck builders." Several of my playsets sold lasts night with multiples going to the same buyer. I find it more likely they wanted to snap up my copies to try to flip rather than building 2x collect call elves decks.
Good points. I think the speculation market has become more obvious because *anyone* can be a speculator. Although we know how difficult it can sometimes be to turn that speculation into profit. Fees, shipping, time invested, etc are all factors that cut into profits, and for many, the effort isn't worth it. Sure, you may think "Wow! My Tasigur's just jumped in value!" but if they don't move them in a timely fashion (and thus not play them) they aren't making any profit. My point being, because of the growth of magic as a whole, the playerbase has expanded, and so have the "casual" speculators. People hear the hype trains and jump on them, but casual speculators don't usually have the required infrastructure, supplies, desire, or time to be committed to the speculation game, and they likely fall out of it over time. I would imagine, as the growth of the playerbase slows, so does the speculation market.
More like buyout of Ezuri, Renegade Leader. I had a small investment in it (12x copies) and they were flipped for a tidy profit. Who knows, I could have waited a bit longer and gotten more for them. While Ezuri is the win condition, I went deeper on Elvish Archdruid. It has a ton of printings, but is in every iteration of elves deck, while Ezuri is more the hot commodity.
Thanks. But it seemed like a no brainier. I kept seeing posts in /r/modernmagic and /r/spikes about the elves deck. People were saying it was legit. Multiple posts about optimal main deck choices and sideboard tech, primers, etc. Basically, it wasn't a flash in the pan like so many decks that see a post but never make it into a top 8.
I have a strong feeling the "most recent polls" will put him just outside the top 10 before the first debate is held. Networks will simply notify maybe 15 candidates that they may be in the debate, and will shape the poll numbers beforehand to exclude Trump. Trump will NOT be on a major network debate.
[Trump once led 2012 polls](http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2011/04/15/poll-donald-trump-leads-2012-gop-field) but never appeared in any 2012 debates. Now, I would *love* if he actually appeared, but I just don't see it happening. Trump will say crazy shit whether he is at a debate or simply behind a podium with a camera in front of him. Is there a cash-grab possibility here for networks? Sure, is there also an established Republican party that *doesn't* want him alongside Jeb, Rubio, or Walker? You betcha.
There seems to be a lack of self control among the gaming community. Players can't wait for the latest AAA title, or even the latest "meh, title that is super hyped." No, you don't need to preorder anything. No, you aren't going to be top 10 on the leaderboards. No, you don't need to buy Mt. Dew and Doritios for "double XP bonuses." No, you aren't going to be the first one to complete the game/accomplish a specific task. However: Yes, the game will be available several weeks/months/years after release. Yes, the game will be cheaper. Yes, the game will be patched/fixed/bug free when you buy it several months later. Maybe I'm just old now, but I see no benefit to preordering. If the gaming community had a little more self control, and refused to buy games that weren't finished, this wouldn't be an issue. Unfortunately the appeal of "hats" and "being first" are too great.
More like full employment and responsibilities.
Meh, maybe I'm not a majority, but I am loud about my disdain for preorders. I've never preordered any game and the last game I paid full price for (50-60) was probably GTAIV like 7 years ago.
Great points. With digital distribution, most publishers make their games available day one (if not, predownload, with a key that isn't valid until launch). No longer is quantity an issue. Although Gamestop built their business on preorders with "exclusive" goodies from them or the publishers. People have old (and bad) habits. I've gone to a few midnight releases, and each time I was able to buy the same game everyone else "preordered."
I put my money where my mouth is...in that it never leaves my mouth. I can't speak for the "flip floppers" you describe, but I've *never* preordered a game. Sure, I've gone to midnight releases a couple of times (last one was Starcraft 2) but each time I simply stood at the end of the preorder line, and bought a copy. Never has a store run out of a new game I was interested in.
&gt; It just takes time Thats the rub...my time is spent doing more productive/required things these days. Gaming for me is for winding down my evening, after I've had to meet my other responsibilities. Growing up can suck, your priorities sure change. Time is more precious than money.
Wow, good call. Think I'll have to pick up a couple playsets. The only problem is there are a ton available right now. Although we've seen any of the commands seem to have the potential to jump from .75 to $5-$9 in a matter of a few days. Hopefully the same will be true of Ojutai Command. Also really interested in anafenza kin tree spirit. She seems too strong to sit at 1.80 for long and also sees some modern play.
If you are stuck playing weenies, the new anafenza helps make them a little meatier. She has been a target of mine for a while now.
Went 6-1 today, only loss was Secret v alliance which was just a value bet. Went super low on it. Went big on VG vs Fnatic and big on Vega v PR, and rode the VP hype. My best weekend ever, I've only been at it for 3 weeks. I can actually bet a couple dollars now :) http://i.imgur.com/ow9QHGq.jpg
My bad, will do :)
Every analyst recommendation said EG starts slow. They proceeded to lose their first and win their next 2. In fact, both of their losses yesterday came against IG.
No, the inner plates are thicker than the outer ones, which implies they are lighter. I'm going with the assumption that the inner plates are 45s and the outers are 25s. They could also even be 10s. Hell, the inner plates could be 25s for all we know. Bumper plates very commonly look like full size plates and are much lighter because they will use less metal and more rubber. Assuming the bar is a standard 45, this could be anywhere from 115 to 155 to 185.
Copy/paste from the June 18 thread: Well, here are my picks in the next round of ESL: VP vs **Alliance**: Alliance has been playing terribly lately. Sitting on a 5 match losing streak, and a sub 40% winrate since May, they haven't been performing well. I'm not putting a lot of faith in them to win, but I am going very small (literally some duplicate commons I have) simply because the odds are so skewed. Between this matchup and Secret vs Fnatic, I think this is the more likely one for an upset. Fnatic vs **Secret**: I'm going big on Secret here. I feel they play best in a best of 3 or 5 series, and this should fit their strength. They also got to pick their opponent so they feel they are a team they can handle. IG vs **Cloud9**: Cloud9 should no longer have a stand-in, and they are very capable of beating IG. With the odds at 68/32 favoring IG this was an easy bet to make and is more close to 50/50. For that reason, I'm going small/medium. VG vs **EG**: Probably the toughest match to predict. The #1 US team vs the #1 China team in a BO3. Should be a great match. Although lately I am not too high on Chinese teams. They seem to drop matches against teams that they shouldn't, but the same can be said for EG with their recent loss to both Alliance and LC. EG lost both of its BO1 yesterday to IG, but beat VG in their BO1. Current odds are 42/58 which is about right, probably closer to 50/50. I do have trust that EG has a good grasp of the meta, although I wouldn't be surprised if this series goes to 3 games, and I hope EG comes out on top. Going medium on EG. **TLDR**: Right-side hype
Wow, we pretty much have the same picks, the same wagers, and the same justifications. Good luck to us both!
Question for you, since you were betting around the time of TI4, I certainly was not. Did the "experts" here forsee Newbee doing what they did? They seemed to come out of no where and just beat everyone. EG had a lot of hype around them but did just OK. Navi were also fan favorites but didn't make it far. I imagine a lot of people lost a lot betting against Newbee.
With the Fnatic vs secret and the VP vs alliance matches, you do think Fnatic has a better chance to upset than Alliance does? It looks like that is what you are implying.
Interesting, I'll have to do that. I had the advantage (?) of being at TI last year, but I wasn't into betting then. My group of friends started to see how well Newbee was playing and totally picked them to take the finals when it was down to the last two teams. We initially didn't forsee them getting there, but once they were there it looked like a lock. I'll be at TI5 this year, and I plan to place bets with my phone, so I'll have to have a bunch of items on my profile set to bid. Hoping it will advantage me again, if it even does, lol.
I agree, I don't think we will see an upset. I went small on Alliance because I think they are better than Fnatic. And although VP beat secret, I'd probably go Secret over VP in a 3-5 game series. For those reasons I put a small bet on Alliance, but I'm not concerned if I lose my 0.15 in items.
Ha, story time: Last year my friend wanted to buy 2x of those mini demi-hero figurines. One for him, and one for his friend who wasnt at TI. He stands in line all day and buys 1x slark and 1x doom. He opens them up to check them out and they are both gold. Gold? That's weird. Later we find out that Gold is a super-rare version of the regular one, and the in-game item is also gold! I do a quick ebay search and these things are going for $300! Wow, so the next day, he buys two more. Hes thinking, keep the two regular ones I'm about to buy, and sell the gold ones from yesterday. He gets two more...opens them up, and they are also gold! 4x demiheros purchased, 4x gold. He gets in line again towards the end of the day, almost no line, and buys 2x more because he wants the colored versions. Opens them up, 1 regular slark and another gold doom!. Jumps in line again and buys *another* doom and finally gets a regular one. He couldn't take all this back with him on the flight, but I did for him. 7 demiheros, 5 gold. I sold all the golden troves and gold figures for him on ebay. After ebay fees and my own "sellers cut" he netted $1200 from sales. In short, TI was awesome :)
Wow, it takes balls to bet on a team with so many competitors. Nice score!
These aren't good justifications for betting on alliance, but I am as well just because of the potential. Then again only very small.
Very small is relative. My very small is $0.15 :)
Because my bet is 15 cents worth of duplicate commons? It was bet them on alliance or recycle them.
What I have found is: - D2L is better for people with smaller armory values. Hell, my most expensive item is $0.40. Doesn't mean I don't enjoy bidding items on matches and winning multiple .05 to .10 items. D2L values all items at *at least* 0.03, with most items at least $0.05. VPgame values almost all of my items at 0.01 to 0.02, which doesn't make it worth betting. - VPgame seems to have better management, and be more competitive, but I can't get past the poor returns for small-time bettors, plus the broken english throughout the entire site.
I *loved* those sunchips bags, mainly because I would annoy my girlfriend. In Target, I would ask her a question, and as she answered, ruffled a couple of bags of chips, completely tuning her out and her losing her own train of thought they were so loud. I even hid two bags behind the other bags once I heard they were discontinuing the packaging. Got a couple more ruffles out of them, but I miss those bags :(
CTRL+F Finally! Video for those interested: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPILIe_xxsY Note, this was a PRESEASON game. Rivalry was real.
If Woj had any sense as a sports journalist, he wouldn't write an entire article based off one source, one source that has an invested interest in crafting a "hit piece" no less. Woj either has another source for the story, or he's losing his credibility. Although he lost some of my respect when he used Joe Maloof's "first and goal on the one" line about the Kings leaving for Seattle.
Not to mention, but who is to say that Faegan would be appeased if they did get rid of Karl? If Faegan wants his young big man in a larger market, who the coach is doesn't matter, the coach just becomes a scapegoat.
I think moving Boogie is more likely. Vivek wants a certain style of basketball played. He wants up tempo, lots of 3s, fast break exciting play. Think Golden State without the defense. He was a minority owner there before becoming the Kings owner. Denver had a pretty fast break offense under Karl. They made the playoffs regularly but never were competitive for the title. Maybe that is good enough. Vivek chose Karl. Vivek didn't choose cousins. We've seen just about every draft pick and front office decision that the Maloof's made slowly get overturned or replaced. Cousins doesn't fit the style of play that Vivek wants and wants Karl to run.
&gt;As for the SEA games I will abstain on them as they are all bo1 and they also don't show up on d2l (i only bet on d2l haha). They are showing up now!
&gt; Oh and dont forget about the fact many people here arent even 18. I think there are also a lot of people who are learning/using English as a second language as well, or at least people's syntax/grammar is downright terrible.
First 10 kills. It is a wager that is available on VPgame but not Dota2lounge.
Great tips. Similar experience for me. I started with mostly .05 items and got lucky early on an underdog. Don't make mistakes like, betting on every match, you'll quickly find you are running out of items. Also, as MarSirius said, it is not uncommon to bet on a match and get zero items won, because your wager wasn't big enough. I've seen this up to 0.10 not getting any returns. It sucks because your winrate % might be 60+ percent, but you are down items, or down in value because your losses hurt more than your winnings helped. Find a "safe" bet and go big. I started with those .05 commons and now have many .50 .40 and .30 items that I can bet. I'm still a small better but have invest zero dollars of real money into betting. Good luck!
VP just took game 1 in convincing fashion. I put a late bid on VP simply because they seem like a team that is well seasoned and well versed in this meta. They always draft well and are always competitive. I like their aggressive nature which helps punish mistakes. Only the top teams are capable of playing within themselves and limit their mistakes, slowing down VPs snowballing. Empire is a good team, but VP is hot. I'm still riding VP.
It is easy to be blinded by success. Self restraint is difficult for anyone to master. The point is learning from your losses and not letting your wins cloud your judgement. Establish rules for yourself. I'm sure now you see reasons for why your bets were off the mark or bad decisions. Betting big on a BO1 between tier 4 teams? Risky. Create rules that don't allow you to make such risky calls. Slow gaining is better than quick gains/losses, although not as exciting.
And if you are investing in goblins, gotta pick up some legion loyalist.
If you are selling anything for less than 50, or your condition is ex to nm, just use a stock photo as most other sellers do. Simply save their image to your desktop. Just don't use ones with watermarks, but those are rare. If your item is particularly valuable or condition is suspect, just snap photos with your camera and use the eBay app.
Looks like Kuro stepped out of Game 2 as well. Zai is still there. Meanwhile M5 are playing with 3 standins as well.
Looks like nope. I have no idea why they didn't ban QOP from the first game, who was wrecking them in teamfights. They let BU get QOP in game 3 and it's pretty onesided to BU.
I think we got some tough games tomorrow. Each of them have a huge spread, with odds stacked in favor of one team. Personally, I think tomorrow's matches lend the following two questions: 1). Which match is the "safest" or rather, which favorite is *most likely* to win. I'm leaning VP over mYinsanity, but the profit yield is so low. Cloud9 v. Hell Raisers might be the better pick, although slightly less safe. 2). Which "favorite" is most likely to lose to the underdog. Vega v. Power Rangers is intriguing. In their last matchup, PR beat Vega, although Vega has beat them more in the past. I don't know a lot about VGP and HGT, but that HGT is ranked higher and has beat VPG in the past in the BO3. BU vs SFZ seems risky to me, even if BU is the favorite. They lost a game to M5 rather handily, but won the series winning the next two. Both teams had multiple standins. Because of the volatility of the lineups, I would probably abstain from this match, unless more information becomes available.
He didn't lose $40 on Braveheart because of "322," he lost $40 because it was a stupid bet. He lost $35 on Empire because they ran into a hot team, VP, that is currently tier 1.5 status, taking games off top teams, and having a ton of recent high profile tournament experience within the current meta. We need to stop blaming our wins on "skill" and our losses on "322." You win some, you lose some. Without evidence, claims of 322 are baseless and mere speculation.
Yeah, I think vega is a strong team for sure. I didn't really do a whole match by match listing of what I plan to bet, primarily because I want to read/research more. But I'll probably go medium on vega.
Looks like as soon as he was DDOS he jumped on reddit to answer more questions...better have been via mobile because 4CL needed him.
At least football cant be DDOSed.
They are crushing them. Big bet is secured. This 4CL match on the otherhand. Poor W33 :(
"Karma is a bitch" seems to be the prevailing thought here, but I find it more likely W33 was targeted specifically *because* of the way he reacted in 4CL's match vs Vega. It wasn't like the DDOS Gods chose to spite W33, or that he was "randomly" targeted, but rather that his actions elicited a specific reaction from someone butthurt.
Yeah, I'm 0-2 for the morning. I've got a small bankroll so I've lost 0.60 so far. I have to win my remaining 4x games just to get back what I lost. Tough day.
1). We don't "blame the victim" here. Could W33 have done more to prevent DDOS? Perhaps. But, we don't even know what precautions he did take, if any. Regardless, you don't blame the victim, you blame the DDOSer. No one deserves to be DDOSed. 2). They were using TeamSpeak, not Skype, as Wagamama stated in chat.
I missed game one. Were 4CL DDOSed in that game too? I noticed 1 standin in game 2 before W33 got DDOSed. If so, that is crazy fishy. More needs to be done by tourney organizers either by stipulating more protection requirements of its participants, or delaying/replaying matches.
I got a feeling I will be abstaining from any match PR is in.
D2L odds have already begun to shift a few percentage points towards PR in their matchup with Vega...people believe the DDOS is real...I hope for the sake of the integrity of the game it isn't.
At least you got returns. My bet was only big enough for 0.12, so I *wanted* trash. Instead I got nothing.
From a business perspective, it isn't a bad idea. From a moral perspective, it is supporting a team that likely cheats to win. I'm not going to tell you what is right/wrong, but those are the issues involved.
How are you able to tell which side they are betting on?
Wow, you are right...I wish I could make a gif of this. It is scrolling insanity.
The amount of compete dribble rivals twitch chat - OMABACARE IS DESTROYING OUR NATION. Kappa - Impeach Roberts! RINO BIBLETHUMP - Obamacare is bankrupting out nation! MA BUGATTIS!
Guess we learned two thing: - Only place serious bets on LAN tourneys - For online tourneys, especially those with small prize pools, also throw small bet on underdog or at least on handicap.
D2L closed the match entirely.
But somehow 4CL couldn't get its game cancelled. Really shit showing for an organized tournament.
Multiple connection issues on both teams. They paused and restarted the game from a previous point several times. I thought they made it a BO1 and that Burden had won, but both VPgame and D2L cancelled all bets and returned all items.
There are much better underdog choices if you are looking for one.
And if they did return bets for ddos, then there would be no incentive for ddosers to do it. Because the ddosers don't care about results, or who advances, they only care about getting the bet they wagered to win.
4CL picked a really greedy lineup, and Empire wanted to try and punish them for it. The problem is, the longer this game goes, the stronger 4CL comes. Their team is so much more disruptive, superior initiation, and more burst.
Honestly both games have been close. Empire seems to have the better execution. Game two looks really close, and it started out pretty bad for Empire.
Wraith King might have been an insta-lose pick, he is too easily kited. I don't like Empire's chances as this game 2 drags on.
yes, my whole $1.25 bugatti :)
Good points. They need to grow as a team. Individually good players that need to learn to work within a system.
Or like /r/NBA. A different thread for each match, which allows users to discuss that match, rather than clutter up the daily prediction thread.
What about Mutavault? Right now it's only played in Merfolk, which is a good deck, but Mutavault doesn't see enough play in enough decks. Do Goblin decks want Mutavault? Or do they prefer 18 mountains?
Good points. Just a couple days ago I commented that Legion Loyalist was a good pickup for anyone speculating on Goblin Rabblemaster post rotation. It is pretty much *the* de-facto 1-drop goblin. I wish I had listened to my own advice and bought some before this spoiler. Oh well.
[Today was a good day.](http://i.imgur.com/rNSz5EW.jpg) Makes up for a slightly disappointing yesterday. I almost switched my bet from 4Anchors to Hellraisers, but I kept it as is. My first *perfect* day.
ha, oops. Yeah, well I guess goblin guide is that card. My mistake.
Wow. I can't imagine the pressure and awkwardness I would feel being approached by women suddenly and unexpectedly. Imagine just sitting at the bar at the hotel with a friend. You're 6'6, young, wearing your suite from draft night, and random women approach you...that sort of attention usually only happens at strip clubs. Although when you think about it, the difference is just money up front or money after.
Nice! Yeah I had a small bet on MY as well. I knew it would be much closer than the match was projected. Everything I lost on VG I gained back from MY. Although to be honest, my payout was supposed to be 1.40 from MY and instead I got 1.05. I'm a little salty.
I guess I'm the only one going big on Empire. I fully expect them to win, but wouldn't be surprised if 4anchors is able to grab a game off them.
And the second game is off to a dominate start. F10K again to Empire. People put way too much stock into 4anchors this matchup. People wanted another upset after CDEC over VG and MY over PR.
Ah, I'm dumb. I thought it was because "Well, without flies, you can't fly fish" would translate to honey: "Well, without honey, you can't fish for honeys" as in, attracting multiple women.
It could be that they are leaving a store that allows for "refills" of their mondo cups for a discount. So they bring their cups, fill them up for cheap, then take it home to consumer over the rest of the day, or even days. Hell, I'd pour it into other sealable bottles and save that soda to last me weeks.
Yeah I have no idea. Thought they were leading 35-20 in kills. Crazy. What they say is right, never bet for them when they are favored. Won the Vega match. So now I need 4CL to pull it out, which it looks like they are doing well.
If we could only be so lucky to come from cities with terrible football, baseball, basketball and hockey teams! We would be the most *true* fans!
Not sure how many "bloggers" there are that specifically cover betting. There are many useful sites that simply cover Dota as an esport. http://www.gosugamers.net/ http://wiki.teamliquid.net/dota2/Main_Page http://www.joindota.com/en/start Are all great sites for covering teams, events, news, etc. Specifically for "betting" you'll find *plenty* of facebook pages on the subject, many wanting you to deposit/trade them items for their knowledge.
It would be pretty embarrassing too if a bunch of "live by the land" folks gave up because they were *inconvenienced* by the lack of power/communication/internet. Water, however, is of course a necessity.
Just be aware that the military does have it's risk of deployment. My friend joined the Air Force out of high school and has had to relocate his family twice (wife + 2 kids), resulting in them going from Northern CA, to Oaklahoma :( In addition, he was recently deployed overseas in Europe. He isn't near any combat by any means, but he's still thousands of miles from his family, and not by choice. The military is a great option for many, and they do provide some great family benefits, but it does have it's risks.
Oh look, a rather professional looking logo, free of memes, kappas, and misspellings. Downvote this so we can continue to make fun of the esports we claim to care so much about.
Here has been my question though... The network extensions mod is great, and allows a lot more customization, but when I want to make my highway from a 3 lane to a 4, 5, or 6 lane highway, it becomes very difficult with 99% of the prebuilt assets on the workshop. Virtually *all* of workshop intersections are built for 3 lanes. So I've been trying to find the few intersections that I can upgrade the lanes to 4, 5, or 6 lanes without have to bulldoze too many parts, but it has been a challenge. Especially now that I have cities over 100k pop.
Which was the very origin for the pronunciation. "Choosy programmers choose gif."
It has a pronunciation: dʒɪf, at least according to google.
Everyone throughout this thread wants to say "he doesn't get to make the rules!" or "Who cares what this guy says!" etc. But do we discredit scientists who, when discovering new planets, name them things like PSR1257 + 12?
Thanks for the tip. I've actually been bringing some of the intersections I've downloaded from the workshop into the asset editor and making them 5-6 lane intersections. I'll have to test it out still to see if it works.
Ha, it sort of is. It certainly isn't realistic, but I thought it would be cool to stretch realism to make it look like your Civs were walking among/above buildings. Sorta gives a sci-fi vibe.
Now available: https://www.reddit.com/r/CitiesSkylines/comments/3zuerf/6lane_highway_intersections_are_now_available_via/
Yup! https://www.reddit.com/r/CitiesSkylines/comments/3zuerf/6lane_highway_intersections_are_now_available_via/
Here they are: https://www.reddit.com/r/CitiesSkylines/comments/3zuerf/6lane_highway_intersections_are_now_available_via/
It could be the young pyromancer of the set. Will probably sit around 2.50 to 4 during its time in standard, and slowly climb after it rotates.
Yeah, I was probably a little ambitions at $4. I think the 2-3 is probably a better assessment. That's what in-demand uncommons usually peek out at, looking at cards like Young Pyromancer and Monastery Swiftspear, which had it's value affected by Fetches.
Thanks for the comments. Really, I just took some existing Intersections that I had downloaded at one point and modified them to support 6 lane expressways. I'm not sure how realistic it may or may not be. The AI seems to work out traffic fairly well, but if one is seeking a more realistic intersection that one may not be for them.
No problem! TBH, I'm still pretty new to the game, and these are the first things I've ever built on in the asset editor. Thank you for the correction!
I know what you mean. I can hit 120k pretty easily in just 9 tiles. I'm afraid to see what I could do with 25.
Cant bet on a team that was already eliminated from contention. That's why so many went huge on Navi. HR was playing for nothing, and Navi was still fighting for top 2.
This is why you shouldn't debate NFL stuff outside /r/NFL. You get a lot of armchair know it alls who suddenly want to share their opinion about a sport they don't watch. To hear people talk about ejection is ridiculous. Dude led with his shoulder as brown's body twisted, his head came lower than the defender likely anticipated. If OBJ didn't get ejected for his hit, which came after the play was nearly over and was specifically malicious, no way would this have led to an ejection. *And* it wasn't this play that lost their season, it was the ensuing arguing after the call that led to *another* penalty that gave Pittsburgh the chip shot field goal.
My mom "son, can you look at my computer? It's so slow these days!" "Mom, your computer is 9 years old and is sill running windows vista. It's slow." "Just look at it please!" Usually it's just her internet connection that is spotty, but for her, that's reason to blame the computer.
Nothing left in sochie since the olympics?
But...but, mail is so *old*. Only old people use the mail. Ugh. Can't I just snapchat my vote?
Flying heroes are a lot harder to design sets for because they are fundamentally different from most heroes...they aren't humaoids. So heroes like Viper, Jakiro, Phoenix, etc., are harder to design sets around, let alone break their model down. That being said, it is remarkable that troll *doesnt* have cosmetics. He really should.
I think I remember reading that Valve said they couldn't allow a wizard hat because it went against the design of the hero and he had to have a hood. It's pretty bullshit tho.
She was totally legit in HBOs The Newsroom. Most of her films were poorly written characters to begin with.
"I feel sorry for the guy, I really do, but there just *a lot* of people talking about this right now. A lot of people. I don't even like to bring it up, but just today the Washington Post, which I usually disagree with, had a piece from a constitutional law professor stating that he's not a natural born citizen. I mean, Cruz, he's a great guy, but he needs to get this taken care of or it's only going to get worse."
I really don't know, as I haven't experienced any issues personally. Just make sure you have set up everything correctly. Make sure the app is set to "confirm by mobile" and not via email." Make sure your phone is linked to the same account as the account you are linking to on the betting site. Maybe try updating your steam trade ID. Other than that, I wouldn't know what is wrong unless there is some sort of trade restriction on your account. I've been able to bet on vpgame, d2l and nxt no problem.
Alliance ain't Russian.
&gt;If proxy tournaments are not allowed I'm afraid that some people will turn to fakes. When the 10 proxy legacy tournament becomes 0 proxy whats to stop disenfranchised players who still want to play from searching out the Chinese fakes. So much this. The number of legacy players (or players that could be interested in Legacy) far outnumbers the limited supply of reserved list cards, or other highly sought after and expensive staples. Telling a player there is *no wiggleroom* on proxies on some of the hardest and most sought after cards, literally running into the thousands of dollars, is forcing a player to make one of two decisions: quit, or get convincing Chinese fakes. I really feel like Wizards is just blowing some steam to have an "official policy" on the books to appease Hasbro's investors. I doubt we see witch hunts on stores for this, unless the offenders stand out for some compelling reason.
Some considerations: We haven't seen anything from EG or Secret in the latest patch. I'll be abstaining from all their games until I get a feeling for their strength. This is a CIS event on CIS turf. I expect some teams to try to make a showing with this event, especially with those who've played a lot in this patch. Consider up and comers like Spirit have more to prove than teams like LGD, EG or Secret. Also, this tourney might mean more to these "lesser" teams like Spirit, while the top teams might be more interested in practicing/saving strats for the Majors. My underdog picks: Spirit over LGD. Fnatic over Navi. Navi over Alliance. LGD over EG. CoL over VP.
Of course, I agree that every hero should have cosmetics. That may be their goal ultimately. Who knows, with heroes like Viper and Jakiro who's model is so old/boring to begin with, Valve may want to redesign them before breaking them down for cosmetics.
Ha, they do have a strong resembelance. Too bad Haley is basically a no-name nationally. I would find it unlikely she leads a sketch about the Republican response. More likely it would be Jay Pharoah as Obama, doing literal victory laps around the audience.
Have you downloaded the Steam Mobile app? Have you linked your account with the Steam Mobile app? Have you established that all trades and confirmed via the app and not via email? With those things done, you should have no problem. Or at least that is all I had to do.
It's all good fam. Stay lit. Fire emojis. Think I covered it.
For many people I've helped who struggle with double clicking, they have a habit of moving their hand as they click, likely from the motion of the click itself, leading to them dragging the icon, failing to double click, or delayed double clicking, which brings up the file name editor. Ugh.
I suppose my experience may have been an exemption. I had an issue with my Comcast receiver. Mind you, I'm relatively technically proficient and have a couple years experience in home theatre as well. I've set up my entire house before without so much as s call to activate. But for this new box I was stuck. 1 box worked, but the other didn't. I troubleshot the faulty box. Doesn't work on this connection, doesn't work on that connection, but got a different error message. Tried the working box on the other connection and it still works. So, something is wrong with the box. Of course, it's 11 pm and Comcast phone help is down. I decide to give their internet support a shot. I describe how the Master box is working, but the Slave isn't. I provide them the model numbers and wait while they try to figure it out. A few minutes later a get a response stating that the Slave box I received is not compatible with the master box and that I need this other specific model. For once I felt like "yes, this person understood both me, and my issue." I go back to Comcast with the bum box and a print out of the conversation and the employee shrugs his shoulders and says "well, I can get you that other box, but this one should work." I'll have the other box please. Lo and behold it set up automatically and has been working just fine.
You don't use the app or confirm anything when you are receiving items (withdrawling). But your account has to be linked to a mobile device properly before you can do *any* trading.
Yeah, there is no other way, unless you can find a way to emulate the steam mobile app on a workstation. Valve changed their policy. Technically you can still trade, but all trades without mobile app have a 3 day waiting period, and obviously that doesnt work for betting sites, so they dont allow you to trade unless you have the mobile app linked to your account.
These are purely my picks. Follow at your own peril: Fnatic vs **Spirit** - Yes they disappointed yesterday, but they lost to EG and LGD, the two best teams in the division. Their win over Alliance was impressive as they beat Alliance even with their precious NP donger. Fnatic hasn't impressed me much. (small) LOSS **Navi** vs LGD - this pick coincides with LGD's other match today vs Alliance. I'm picking both Navi and Alliance as I suspect one might upset, particularly if LGD has secured top position. I don't *think* Navi will win, but they could surprise. If you look at LGD's drafts, all you have to do is ban Earth Spirit and Dark Seer first round and you'll eliminate LGD's top performing heroes. (v.small) LOSS **EG** vs Fnatic - Assuming Fnatic loses vs Spirit, they are basically out of it. Odds might get too silly for this one to go big on however. (medium) WIN **Alliance** vs LGD - See above Navi vs LGD. WIN EG vs **Alliance** - This third spot in the division is up for grabs, and its likely between Alliance and Spirit. I don't think Fnatic or Navi will compete for that third spot. That being said, Alliance will need to win one vs EG or LGD. Because EG and LGD will be heavily favored, going small. WIN Spirit vs Navi - Abstain Vega vs **CoL** - Going on odds here mostly. This is a 50/50 to me. (small) LOSS **Liquid** vs Wings - Liquid needs 1 win to secure their spot. They can do it here, or later vs VP. Wings is the easier opponent. (big) LOSS (OUCH!) **Secret** vs CoL - Secret's drafts have looked good for this patch, and their loses came against Liquid (top in the division) and vega in a long drawn-out game that could have gone either way. I don't think Secret want's to be embarrassed and not make the final 6. (medium) WIN Liquid vs VP - VP underdog looks promising if odds are farther than 60/40. Secret vs Wings - Watch previous games and bet based on either team's standing. Who's basically eliminated and who's still fighting for a spot. VP vs Vega - Ditto above.
Appreciate the analysis. We differ on a few picks, but your reasons are sound. GL.
If it helps you any, I lost 10% of my inventory with liquid losing to wings. Wtf liquid. This is what I get for betting on matches then going to sleep. And for betting big on BO1s.
Meh, VP didn't execute their rat plan well enough. NP shouldn't have been in those final fights, he should have been ratting their 4/throne to force Vega to split their attention. Plus, he had 10k gold in the bank and could have spent that on some luxury 7/8 slot items on a courier. On top of that, VP had some questionable BBs mid fight that were diebacks. Now, VP didn't do this intentionally of course, but I don't think they were that disciplined. I think they were simply too hesitant. Kudos to Vega of course though for pulling it out.
Looks like about 200 or so in value before you factor in the Full Art lands. I'd say you made a good score. A lot of people are claiming this looks stolen, but if someone had that same binder on eBay, 100-125 is probably what it would go for.
This question is posted almost every single fucking day. 1). you must download steam's mobile authentication app to your phone. 2). You must link your steam account to that app. 3). You must set it up and select "approve trades via mobile authentication," *not email*. 4). If this is the first time you are using your phone, you must wait 7 days to trade *after* you've done everything above to pass the "new device" wait time. That is it. No way around it.
Check out other betting sites, the often have different values for items. nxtgame, vpgame, dota2bestyolo, dota2top, etc. It is actually good practice to recognize where your items are most valuable, and bet those items on their site.
But because Blizzard bought MLG, don't expect to see any Dota 2 on that stream.
Of course it will have CS. My point wasn't about CS, but Dota. Although once Overwatch has launched and begins to run tournaments, I wouldn't be surprised if MLG becomes/features HS, Overwatch, HotS and maybe Starcraft with CS and any other games as secondary.
Also interesting is the word count for each participant: Carson - 1577 Kasich - 2438 Bush - 2537 Cruz - 2636 Trump - 2795 Christie - 2996 Rubio - 3088
Odds are opposite between sites. 60/40 favoring IG on nxt game and 60/40 favoring cdec.y on d2l.
Sure. Go to steam guard and click settings. You may need to pull down on the screen to make setting appear. There you can confirm "get steam guard codes on my phone."
Yeah theoretically you should be all set after the 7 days. I don't have any experience with the desktop version tho.
Ur using a 6 lane highway with 1 lane overpasses to the other directions. So 3 of your lanes are not even used. I have an interaction that is 6-lane to 3x 2-lane overpasses on the workshop: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=594952317
A photocopy of a fax from a fax of a pixelated jpeg.
Yeah really like endbringer. Felt like I had a planes walker every game. I don't even think I swung with him once.
This card was basically my 39th or 40th card but it always did work for me: elemental uprising. Every time I casted it, it took my opponent by surprise. Was basically removal for me on turn 3, and in two occasions let me swing for bonus damage or to force a block that secured me the win. Super surprised I went 4-0 at prerelease, but pulling a Nissa and an Endbringer helps: http://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/otw-prerlease-11716/
I believe it's just the steam app. You have to go to steam guard and pull down if you don't see settings. The set up mobile authentication.
Yeah, no. Over 1000 PWE shipped with top loaders. Never a problem. No one is scrutinizing your envelopes so long as they are normal size. They simply get stacked with the other thousands of envelopes and processed by a machine. They won't get stuck so long as your top loader isn't too thick and isn't stuck in one side of the envelope. I always tape the top loader to the folded invoice before placing it in the envelope.
With over 700 eBay feedback and a 100% feedback rating, I've never been notified by a buyer either by message or feedback that they were required to pay more postage. In fact, I spent $5 sending nearly a dozen sample envelopes with different packaging configurations to a friend 3000 miles away, and every one was received with no problem. I'm not just a seller, but also a buyer. There have been times a seller on TCG will send 20 cards in a single envelope. Those are the envelopes that have been damaged. Some vendors are shitty and send too many cards per envelope, but to say that a PWE isn't sufficient to send a single card is simply ridiculous.
I have a feeling valve's authentication requirement changes killed off 50% of bettors worldwide. Plenty of people are unable to figure it out, or do not have access to the means necessary to meet valve's requirements.
Yup. Think emulation software might be a solution for some but that's an extra step or two.
Check out fruityloops. Get some sound packs, especially Lex Luger. You'll notice a lot of his samples in trap music over the past few years. Experiment and have fun, then check out legit producers at /r/trapproduction.
Yeah I had the top 5 worst spread across my 3 leagues. Ugh.
Mobile authenticator. Get it.
Well then, it would look pretty shitty if instead we got the 5th largest/widest/brightest screen, wouldn't it?
What you get out of your cards is directly related to how much effort you are willing to put in. Maximum effort and maximum returns: individual sales via ebay/craigslist/TCG, photos of key rares, and detailed descriptions of their condition. Minimum effort and minimum returns: "hey, here's a box of some magic cards, its got some rares, and a bunch of commons and uncommons, what can I get?" It also depends on what you are selling. Standard stuff? Easy to move. Modern stuff? usually easy to move. Just rotated out previously standard stuff? Sometimes harder to move. You might even find someone on this sub who is interested, you just have to put the effort to describe in detail what you have. What sets? how many rares? Any decks you've made? Were you a competitive player or casual drafter? etc.
Well, it's no hidden secret that Dota betting is largely dominated by developing countries in the south eastern Asian regions. I wouldn't be surprised if people in those regions don't have access to the smartphones needed to install authenticator.
Don't forget the [dirty colored folding mats](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71lXutII3OL._SX522_.jpg) covered in stains and ripped velcro.
I think the biggest problem you are having is that your digging for dollars articles come out as the set comes out. EV of any new sets drives down significantly over time after release, as if it were a law of magic. Perhaps the focus should be "I like these cards, but I'm not buying in until they hit 'x' which they should about 3 months after release." I mean, you are trying to find the card or cards that go *up* after release, which is usually the hardest thing to predict.
Imagine this guy's bookcase...
Yup. Or a *really* good next gen silent hill trailer.
IIT: prolifers who are too cowardly to admit it, and instead just collected hundreds of downvotes for their antiquated and misrepresenting views.
Yes has been playing well lately, particularly in this patch. We've seen noting from burden. Don't let those past matches sway you too much. Those matches were several patches ago and hold little value.
Grats! I only went $3.50 cause that's my budget :)
Nope. IRT will deactivate your saclink account some 30-90 days after you graduate. I've heard of it taking longer but that's usually when they don't deactivate them on time mistakenly. So if you want to print unofficial transcripts, or retrieve files from your U:drive, you'll want to do so before you graduate or very quickly after.
Yes. Or at least, your on a timer to get those files on a different drive. I was working at the service desk once when a recent grad was trying to get their files but couldn't log in because their account deactivated. We were able to get them their files on a disk, but only because IRT hasn't deleted them yet. So yeah, make sure when you graduate that you won't need to use any electronic services afterwards!
Worried about Empire. Xboct is apparently not playing, and PR has Illidan standing in on Sven. Although PR is basically eliminated from placing to advance...I'm worried about an upset. Well, glad Empire secured game 1, cause they threw game 2.
Bigboys Stupidvideos Ebaumsworld Newgrounds
JAMSTERS GOT ALL YO FAVORITE CELLPHONE WALLPAPERS: FOR THE BLING BLING RIMS, TEXT XL1 to 755-55 FOR SEXY VERONICA, TEXT KISS1 TO 755-55 FOR THE KUSH FLOWER TXT GDN1 TO 755-55
Yes indeed :)
It's funny, when we confine ourselves to labels we limit our ears the joy of new music. If it wasn't for genre-bending dubstep, I would have never discovered trap, moombahton, drumstep, futurebass and DnB. Not to mention all the "varities" of dubstep we have: brostep, liquidstep, chillstep, lovestep, etc. While understanding the basics of the genre are important, appreciating music for simply being a form of self expression that can be shared and enjoyed by others is more important. Of all the edm subreddits I visit, /r/dubstep seems to have the biggest identity crisis concerning what is, and isn't dubstep.
I really don't know about individual lots, but it was very busy yesterday. Usually Monday or Tuesday is busier and the other day is slightly quieter. In that sense, today seems less hectic, but lots are still near full.
**Content notes** &gt;"Daily drivers, sunday cruisers, show cars, a lease return or trying to trade in or sell your car to a private party." Is a fragment sentence. Connect it to the following sentence like: "Daily drivers, sunday cruisers, show cars, a lease return, trade in, or prospective sale to a private party, no matter the situation, vehicles benefit from a proper detailing and maintenance plan." &gt;Why let the dealership charge you ridiculous fees and penalties for "damaged" paints, rock chips, scuffs and scratches? A professional paint correction can solve most paint issues, without the need for a body shop. Saving you money before you return your lease car. Change "Paint Correction" to "our professional services." Personal preference, but I find it likely a prospective customer doesn't know what a paint correction is. Using "our services" allows you to apply whatever correction/work to suffice for replacing shoddy dealership work. &gt;Why let a potential buyer low ball the asking price over some superficial scratches or swirled paint and curbed wheels? Remove this sentence. &gt;A knowledgeable and careful detailer can literally save you thousands of dollars in those scenarios. Maybe rephrase to "allow a knowledgeable and careful detailer to service your car with the care and respect it deserves. I have over 10 years of automotive detailing experience..."(continue to the next paragraph.) Last paragraph is a little "I" heavy. &gt;I've provided support work for some of the worlds biggest car manufactures. I have provided detailing and support work for major vehicle media events such as SEMA, CES, Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance, L.A. Auto Show. Marketing events showcasing hero cars from various major motion pictures. Rephrase this sentence to "I've provided detailing and support work for some of the worlds biggest car manufactures and major media events, including: SEMA, CES, Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance, and the L.A. Auto Show, as well as marketing events showcasing cars from various major motion pictures. Last sentence is great, good way to wrap it up and provide a call to action to the reader. **Design Notes** - The whole banner activates the hamburger menu. I might consider removing the hamburger menu button and leaving the menu on always, instead of having it hide. - "Details" and "Previous detailing jobs" are basically the same page currently, with the later having fewer pictures. Not to mention, the "previous detailing jobs" link is on your buried "bio" page, which you might want to move to the top navigation. Otherwise, everything functionally works well. I hope the best for you!
Ugh, every game, even ranked. "Oh guys, I got offlane, looks like we got a solid carry/support combo top. Ogre will roam...we need a mid. pudge pudge pudge
Oh man, reminds of this time I watched a women in her 60s playing Angry Birds on her phone. She was on maybe lvl 6 of the original game. I watch as she pulled back her birds, and hit the wobbly structure to no avail. Those damn pigs sneering back at her. She looked so frustrated, and I started to feel so bad for her. She didn't understand that the different birds did different things. She never tapped to accelerate the yellow bird. She never tapped to split her blue bird into 3. She kept trying, unsuccessfully, to destroy the mighty pig towers with nothing but vanilla bird strikes. She probably attempted that level 4 or 5 times without making any progress before she simply gave up.
For this first round I went: Spirit game 2, CoL ICB because odds are silly, small bet on VG vs OG (we haven't seen these teams in this patch), and going small on LGD to beat secret.
&gt; Sanders supporters are still under the delusion that Sanders is going to be able to accomplish any of the things he's making campaign promises on. He's running for president, not lord of the federal government. Aren't Trump supporters under the same delusion? "Build the wall!" "Deport the Mexicans!" "Ban Muslims!"
&gt; it can't even see moderation In this current Republican field, moderation is *weakness.* Work with democrats on legislation? *you're a RINO* Consider tax increases? *Face Grover Norquist' pledge.* Up for reelection? *Face a farther-right opponent.* Shake hands with a sitting democratic president? *Shunned by others* Co-sign on bi-partisan legislation? *Have it used against you as an attack when seeking election.* Everything is a purity test, and Republicans in this age *must be pure.*
&gt; It's literally meaningless though. That's the point. It's a "politician's" answer. Bernie may be the Golden Boy for many, but his experience lends him the ability to know when to not shoot his own foot. It's basically the closest someone can get to stating they are agnostic, which we know wouldn't play well in a general election. Bernie has been very consistent "we are all in this together" and "we are all connected" work perfectly.
It's not about whether something can be proven or disproven, it is whether it matters at all: http://www.philosophyofreligion.info/theistic-proofs/the-ontological-argument/st-anselms-ontological-argument/existence-is-not-a-predicate/
The American we need, but don't deserve.
Forget to read the rest? "The comparison on which the ontological argument rests is therefore a comparison between two identical concepts of God, one exemplified, and the other not. As these two concepts of God are identical, they cannot be contrasted, and so no conclusion can be drawn from any such contrast. The ontological argument therefore fails, because its assumption that an existent God is greater than a non-existent God is false; the two are equal in greatness, because they are identical."
Because you attempted to stand upon a moral high-ground of "I'm agnostic because X" when "X" is irrelevant.
A lot of effort for a problem that doesn't really exists. It isn't like /r/autodetailing is leaking, nor is it a huge sub. And it isn't like there are an overabundance of "mirror" shots of cars. In actuality, the "mirror" shot is the idiot's guide to "that's a nice car!" When auto detailers will tell you 90% of their work is ignored by the average person anyways. So if an idiot isn't going to recognize the work, show them the idiot's preferred result.
I agree the pets were a misstep, but generally cosmetics are OK, and good for the game. I think the art style of Dota lends itself better for cosmetics. League just looks like a blurry mess with its cell-shaded style.
You need to understand history to see why people are upset. Basically, some sets a few years ago that were never released were very popular. People were told by Valve that the sets either contained items that were "contrary" to the hero's "first glance look" or were of the wrong color pallet. Then some of these new hero sets are released, despite looking like they violated the very principles that Valve outlined to restrict past sets. So, justifiiably, some fans are upset because it looks hypocritical. Exacerbating the hypocrisy is remembering that valve releases/sells sets to make money, so it could appear there is a an inconsistent message to players, and only when it benefits valve do they violate their own messaging.
Many people think Cowboy Ursa is bad for the game, and I tend to agree. Dota heroes are supposed to have lore. Have a story. Have a background. Some of these sets *detract* from these storylines. It basically comes down to how "serious" you take the game. Those that don't want cowboy ursa cosmetics likely take the game more serious. Kappa pride warriors want anything for lulz and maymays.
And if it ain't dick pills or hair pills, claim everything else is just a result of low testosterone. "Not feeling very *manly* lately? Maybe you need more of the very hormone that defines men! You might have low T! Rub this shit all over your body, and prepare for unlimited energy, raging boners, record setting lifts, and a new outgoing personality!"
Newbee vs OG - Newbee looks like one of those teams that can surprise just about anyone, taking games off EG and VG. Right now, in their bracket, OG has a chance of securing top 2 with a 2-0. I like OG more here, as they impressed in their 2-0 over EG. Newbee is sitting on 3 ties, with no wins 2-0 or losses 0-2. I presume another draw here, as it impacts the standings the least. Odds currently at 25/75 are too far apart for a big bet. Newbee +1.5 is probably the smarter play. EG vs VG - Some people might think VG will take this match off, as they sit on top of the division, but it could easily turn into third if they were to get 2-0ed by EG, and if OG were to win 2-0. For that reason, I like VG here. Their performance has been really strong and are definitely one of the home team favorites. Odds of 53/47 favoring EG make me think it's worth a medium bet. CoL vs Secret - With the current odds being what they are 17/83, I think CoL has a shot. Neither team is at risk of being eliminated, and the prize is top 2. Secret will likely win, but the risk is too much for me to go big on them. Going ICB on CoL Mineski vs EHOME - Mineski is playing for pride, EHOME is playing for a possible top 2 finish. Mineski is already eliminated, but with odds at 10/90 it's hard to earn much from such a match. Abstain.
Quick...how many posters in your room? My count...7: Limp Bizkit, KoRn, SoaD, Rage, Eminem, Avril Lavigne, and an Austin Powers poster. Fuck me.
Nah man...I wasn't in 7th grade, he was :) Because he said he was in 7th grade when that creed was huge, it gave me a time reference. So I went with other big bands around that time that were relevant to me. He may have been in 7th grade but I was a junior in HS. I'm 30 bro!
You are entirely right, but tracking can also be a way to *advertise* your auction, assuming we are looking at ebay, for example. I sell on eBay pretty frequently. All my orders $20.00 or higher I ship with tracking, and I indicate as such. Normal orders simply state "Shipping: Standard USPS Shipping within US" but on tracked items I specifically state "Shipping: USPS First Class Package, Tracking included." Items shipped with tracking, assuming small package/thick envelope of $2.60 ship faster than your standard envelope. Also, I've had packages get placed "on hold" at local USPS branches, and because of that tracking, I can call that facility and try to find wtf is going on with the package. Maybe something happened. Maybe they or I made an error. But to be honest, I've sold items for $19 rather than $20 so I wouldn't have to ship with tracking. I keep track of all of my orders, and have a less than 1% failure rate with USPS, with probably 85% of my orders going PWE without tracking.
Definitely. Any order over $200 I would probably require signature and purchase insurance on the package.
Well, eBay is built into PayPal, so whenever you pay for shipping with tracking on it, the tracking info is automatically added to the transaction details in the buyer's purchase history. They can't miss it.
Man, I remember when this was released and everyone was saying how garbage it was. Could grab these for the 60-70 range a few weeks after release.
This sounds great! Cool new feature. I definitely find myself using nxt game more over d2l.
I have been :) Up about $20 since I last went broke. So many good upsets with the new patch. BTW: It looks like the prediction buttons arent rendering/working correctly, at least for me in Firefox. I see what they are supposed to look like in the FAQ, but for me, its just words together than, when clicked, dont do anything: http://i.imgur.com/3a7J88p.jpg EDIT: Just confirmed, looks like its a browser thing. It works in IE. EDIT2: Looks good in Firefox now.
Well, D2L is notoriously slow at updating prices. I was able to exploit that for a few weeks with items worth 3x their steam price. Once I'm out of those, I'll be at NXT for sure.
Ugh...wish I did!
Can fit about 6k in a large flat rate box, which I think you can ship for 15-17. I mean, it ain't cheap, but probably one of the best methods if you had to ship them. I'm actually in the process of outing 30k cards...and I swear I don't want to look at another magic card again sometimes.
Guess she just literally couldn't even.
That highway 50 project a couple years ago to repair supports, resurface, and install lighting, actually was done pretty quickly.
Hazy low quality air? Small motorcycles and mopeds everywhere? Road-side hut shops? Gratuitous smoking ads? Looks like South Eastern Asia to me!
Or even worse when you sell your smaller items to finish your Aghanims before 25 minutes... I'm ashamed to admit I did that. Nothing like a lich walking around with a mek and no boots. Had to sell those tranq boots to get that cash!
Wow...one of the biggest upsets this patch.
Wow. Just 2 weeks ago I happened to be home when I would have been at work normally and there were some Comcast techs working outside. All of a sudden my internet and cable dropped. I looked outside and they were getting ready to leave and I heard one on the phone say "yeah we found the problem here at XXXX. We'll head back now." I opened my door before they left to tell them they cut my service. They stated it was because my house was sending back noise into the network affecting other people's phone and Internet service. The guy explained they were "outside techs" and couldn't come inside. I was upset cause it seemed like they were just going to cut my service and leave without telling me about the problem. He gave me a wrench to tighten all my coax cables, which I did. And the meter they had was still showing a big spike in noise. Finally I got them to come inside, the guy happened to find his shoe covers in the van, and they connected the meter to multiple cables. They identified the cable and I just replaced it. They said there was still some noise but the spike was a lot less. Still, had I not been there I would have come home to a service outage with no explanation as to why. Didn't know noise was an issue. Glad it's fixed tho. My own internet speeds have since been more consistent. I pay for 75 down 5 up. I'm lucky to get 30 at peek times, but before I was sometimes below 6!
It's possible they would have left a tag but I got to them before they had a chance. Before they came inside they were saying they were going to call and schedule an inside tech to come inside, but I didn't like how they simply cut my service entirely. And yeah, I had no idea noise was something that existed. 6 months prior to this a Comcast guy came out and fixed our service because we had a few channels not coming in. At that time he didn't notice any noise causing feedback.
What a steal! Congrats. I bought a GT50 3 months ago with a mere 1,900 hours on it for $480 and thought I got a good deal. I spent weeks trying to find a used ZT and there just didn't seem to be any in my area. Congrats again!
Personally I'm saving/abstaining until the major. But I like the following teams: Prodota over kaipi: Current odds are way too favorable to Kaipi. They have hype. Undeserved hype. F5 over PR: PR riding hype from their most recent upset win, but PR hasn't been consistent. Polarity over Spiderpigs: it's a 50/50 match.
Good point. Forgot about that. No one is really listed yet as a replacement. Could be a def win. Probably abstain then.
Obviously the experts over at www.reddit.com/r/politics. They seem to have this election figured out. Let's take the experts at their word.
Would be a lot of fun to create a "hatebears" type deck in Hearthstone.
Could do something like life steal then. Work work well in decks that damage their own minions or have other heal Effects.
&gt; If the FBI indicts her before the convention it will be terrible I've actually been wondering...what if the FBI will intentionally *not* indict her before the convention because doing so *after* would give them a greater opportunity to sabotage her campaign? I mean, the idea is pretty House of Cards-esque, but timing wise it seems possible.
[We are not a monolith!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2tLyqfJd54)
Meh, at this point, anyone entertaining the notion that Bernie has a shot based on the delegate math is disillusion, and few and far between. At this point, the only likely scenario, and the one Bernie or Bust types are entertaining, *and actively promoting* is a possible FBI indictment. They are betting on her facing steeper consequences for her email server in the hopes the DNC is *forced* to give the nod to Bernie. At this point, they are literally promoting sabotage within their own party for the sake of their nominee.
And also mean there's no chance for a replacement candidate to be chosen.
Oregon would like to remind you of the Bundy Boys.
Yup. Definitely want to reduce it to one or two lanes. TBH the design of this interchange is [all over the workshop.](https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/browse/?appid=255710&amp;searchtext=roundabout+highway&amp;childpublishedfileid=0&amp;browsesort=textsearch&amp;section=items)
&gt; I don't get your sabotage thing? Not sure what you don't understand. Assuming Bernie supporters by and large identify as democrat, many of those supporters are *hoping* Hillary is indicted. Therefore, within their own party they are promoting sabotage by actively rooting for her indictment.
You're missing neckbeard redditor who was seeking revenge on bullies and/or scorned lovers. I mean...it *did* take place at the engineering building.
Works for me on an iPhone 6s. Try opening it in a browser and not within reddit maybe. I just click the play button.
LOL Yeah cause I'm interfering with their investigation listening to publicly available channels.
It just means ever-increasing fringe/less professional outlets to align with the message the majority of /r/politics users want to see.
I've made a bunch of wacky/interesting, and in some cases, usable interchanges here: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995133041/myworkshopfiles/?p=1 They all are using wider than 3 lane highways, so they require the network extensions mod.
It's also easy to edit out the people who *did* immediately recognize him. Assuming this wasn't scripted, it's possible over 50% of the attempted "pick ups" they did were with people that recognized him and were edited out, this making it look like no one recognize him.
Because two SEA teams were invited and there still had to be a SEA qualifier. So you were going to see one of these teams: Mineski, TNC, Taring.Orange, Execration, or Signature Trust. And Mineski is probably the best in that group. They won their region qualifier and deserve to be there for that reason. If anything, it's because the region is weak, not that they got in over more deserving teams.
lel inside jokes lel nerdiness lel silly name lel drug references lel counter-culture fucking cringe.
Just wanted to comment and say congrats. I myself have an eye condition, so I definitely understand your previous condition. I can't count how many times you are giving someone eye contact and they look over their shoulder thinking you are looking at something behind them. Then they say "I'm sorry, are you looking at me or something else?" I was born with an underdeveloped optic nerve in my left eye, which meant I was legally blind in that eye. I have some vision, but it is blurry, unfocused and dark. I had corrective surgery as a toddler to help straighten the eye, but over time I think it's drifted slightly to the left. It wasn't quite as noticeable as your condition, which in some ways I imagine is fortunate. I hope you are happy with your procedure and feel more confident going forward!
Can't wait for Witcher 3 to be like $20 during Steam Summer Sale :)
"They're both crooks" is the new "both parties are the same."
Yup, because it's a lot easier to be defensive and shut out opposition voices. Notice whenever there is a protestor, Trump supporters (and in the past, tea-partiers) just chant USA USA USA. "What? An opposing voice attempting to challenge my worldview? Quick, drown them out with MURICUH!"
Tiny Hands was very pre-drumpf. Tiny hands dates back to the 90s. http://money.cnn.com/2016/03/04/media/donald-trump-fingers-hands/
Donald Duck is great for several reasons: 1) you can claim he ducks real questions, a debate with Sanders, Megan Kelly, anything that makes him uncomfortable. 2). It highlights him as a cartoon. He already comes off as a cartoon-like figure, like some Monopoly guy billionaire-turned politician who can't act presidential if his life depended on it. Painting him as a cartoon also makes him seem like less serious of a candidate and more like a joke. This is the direction they should go. Hillary's direction is the wrong one, because it only gives *legitimacy* to Trump and those positions. It's better to be mocking than to be "scared."
Lol. That's usually the Republican play-book though, it's called *projection.* Project your own weaknesses into your opponent. Either they stick, or you normalize your own weaknesses.
My thoughts, from https://aegispredictions.wordpress.com/ 6/2/16 Posted on June 2, 2016 It’s been awhile friends! But we are back just in time for the Manila Major! There is a lot to go over so let’s first consider some points about this tourney: - This is a LAN event, so expect teams to be in their top form. Some teams perform better or more consistently when playing on LAN so that should be taken into account. - These matches are simply placement matches for the main event. This is just the group stage. Do not be surprised if a favorite drops to the lower bracket early and has to fight their way through. - Some of the teams haven’t been playing a lot of competitive matches. For sure teams like EG and Secret have been practicing or boot-camping, but teams like DC and Wings have been playing tier 1/2 teams almost every day in smaller tourneys. I always favor these teams because it usually means they have a better grasp of the meta. All matches are based off of scheduled matches from www.dota2lounge.com. OG vs Empire – BO3 – Manila Major Group A: OG has perhaps the best player in the world on their team in Miracle, and sometimes it looks like the other 4 on the team hold him back. Miracle is a capable and flexible player who can excel in both the mid and carry position. OG tends to draft very well. Empire has the advantage of playing more often, so they might be more versed in the meta. Ramzes is an exciting young carry, and Empire as a whole is one of those teams that can take a game off just about anyone, but trade wins with teams like Danish Bears, Vega, VP, Polarity, AF, etc. I favor OG here, but don’t let the odds fool you, Empire is no slouch on LANs, but OG could be considered one of the top 4 teams to take this Major. Personal Odds: OG 65/35 Empire. Wings vs DC – BO3 – Manila Major Group B: Wings enters this major as one of the favorites, as they have proven they can beat anyone. They had a recent article come out about their strict practice schedule. It might burn them out in the long run, but many will be expecting Wings to be in top form for this event, and I tend to agree. They did draw a lot of BO2s in a recent Chinese tourney, but those matches mattered little in context of the tourney. DC has been dominating the NA scene…for whatever that is worth, including 4 series wins vs CoL, one of the best NA teams. DC is a legit rival to EG for the top of the NA crown, but their first test will be their toughest yet. W33 is a talented mid player, and can sometimes have some surprise picks. However Wings should be well prepared. Personal Odds: Wings 65/35 DC. Newbee vs Complexity – BO3 – Manila Major Group A: Newbee is another favorite entering this lan, while CoL has been struggling to get over the hump that is DC. Newbee and CoL played each other twice last month, with Newbee taking both series’ without dropping a game. CoL is probably on the outside looking in at this major. They might surprise someone but will likely finish outside the top 8. Personal Odds: Newbee 70/30 CoL. Secret vs Navi – BO3 – Manila Major Group B: Two fan favorite. RTZ vs Dendi. Puppey vs his old team. A match made for fanboys/girls. Secret has struggled to find their rhythym and I don’t think Navi is going to be a pushover. To date, Navi has only beaten Secret once. Navi also didn’t look that great last month, losing to OG twice, Empire and MVP.P. All good teams, but Secret is nearly as strong as those teams, at least on paper. Probably a good match to simply watch. Personal Odds: Secret 50/50 Navi.
Please [eat DC shoes too](http://www.tactics.com/a/7fpn/9/dc-nyjah-vulc-skate-shoes-grey-black-green.jpg) :). I'll personally buy and ship them to you.
Yup. Graduated 04. My MySpace page was an abortion of terrible music and edgy "blog" posts, which were basically copy/pastes from my livejournal account. My profile pic was one of those high school photos taken in studio for the yearbook.
OK, WHO'S EATING SOME SHOES!?!?!? [I GOT SOME FOR YA!](http://images.esellerpro.com/2441/I/44/New-DC-Shoes-Net-White-Blue-Black-302361-Mens-Skate-Trainers-Shoes-05.jpg)
Oh man, my GF's little bro was an RA at a local university. Once the semester ends and kids go back home...so much shit is left behind. We probably got about 3 gallons of laundry detergent between some half dozen barely used containers.
Newbee, OG and Liquid are all probably top picks. Lesser picks might include: Wings, VG.R, MVP.P, Fnatic Surprise picks would be: DC, LGD, Navi Unlikely picks: everyone else
"If you can't control your thumps when posting to twitter, I don't trust the rest of your fingers around the big red button." Something like that would sound good too.
The Daily Show ran a whole bit about [Republicans loving Putin](http://www.cc.com/video-clips/8gpcf5/the-daily-show-with-jon-stewart-big-vladdy---semi-delusional-autocrats).
&gt;I had to hear about it on /r/PoliticalDiscussion because any article or news story that's not an attack on Clinton gets buried. Wow, you are right. Some good points made there too: https://www.reddit.com/r/PoliticalDiscussion/comments/4m9c79/hillary_clinton_just_delivered_a_foreign_policy/
Totally :) I really liked how he could get serious and boil down to the specific example of hypocrisy. Steward was a master of blending comedy, but then pointing out the issue in a serious tone. Trevor Noah simply points at the joke and says "it's crazy because I'm African!"
Good news for Clinton is no news at all, didn't you get the memo? We have to find the most far left or far right, obscure, articles from the corners of the internet that said her good news was, in fact, bad!
Lol, Trump isn't winning votes because of his policy proposals, its because of his bombastic language. He is no holds barred, blunt, confrontational. He controls the room, commands respect, and insults you to your face if he feels like it. He plays the Alpha Male to the tee. *Millions* of Americans want a tough cowboy to be president. It's why [Reagan](http://www.cowboyron.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Smiling-Reagan-Cowboy-Hat1.jpg) and [Bush](http://cache3.asset-cache.net/gc/50383555-cowboy-hat-clad-president-george-w-bush-gettyimages.jpg?v=1&amp;c=IWSAsset&amp;k=2&amp;d=OCUJ5gVf7YdJQI2Xhkc2QPBFMRTu%2Fu3eQBKEcN0ImC59VNjagRoxvK0G%2FhZGNX89Eo4KFErij8jbVrFgpNH0ZPXh7N%2Fn8k6IhRs%2F2LMs3P4%3D) tried so hard to enforce that narrative.
Roseville/Rocklin: "we got a little bit of money, so fuck anyone who doesn't have as much as I do, but those pricks in El Dorado Hills and Granite Bay are pretentious assholes. Now, enjoy my Ed Hardy tee and ripped acid wash jeans I just spent $200 on at Buckle."
My thoughts over at: https://aegispredictions.wordpress.com/ Posted on June 3, 2016 Day 2 of the Manila Major Group Matches! Day 1 was a blast. I’m really impressed with the production quality, casts, and the games have been great. Navi is back! and DC is upsetting favorites! All matches are based off of scheduled matches from www.dota2lounge.com. Team Liquid vs Alliance – BO3 – Manila Major Group C: Liquid enter this major as one of the favorites, with their second place finish at Shanghai, and a first place finish at Epicenter. Liquid have proven to be a tier 1 team with strong drafts. Alliance have struggled in the recent weeks leading up to Manila. However, I credit Alliance for participating in events, while Liquid haven’t had any matches since epicenter. To me, Alliance is a team like Navi, a fan favorite with great team personalities, and always seems to be full of surprises. Liquid is a heavy favorite in this match according to many, but I think it’s closer. Best strategy for Alliance is banning or picking Earth Spirit and Beastmaster. Personal Odds: Liquid 60/40 Alliance. Evil Genuises vs Mineski – BO3 – Manila Major Group D: Since losing RTZ and Universe, EG have been playing well, but not up to their tier 1 status. PPD is still a great drafter, and Fear is still a great playmaker on pos. 4 heroes, but Aui has been only OK on carries. That being said, they are still heavy favorites over Mineski. Although Mineski benefits from the home crowd, they are perhaps the weakest team on paper at this event. EG hasn’t played since mid May, while Mineski played in the grueling Manila Major qualifiers, and have 8 matches over the last 10 days. Mineski really only has a shot if they have a pocket strat that EG isn’t ready for. Personal Odds: EG 70/30 Mineski. VG.R vs Fnatic – BO3 – Manila Major Group C: Tough series to call. VG.R have looked like a top team in China, and have wins over Newbee and Wings. They have also lost to them as well. Fnatic is currently the top team out of the SEA region, and look to make an impression with the return of Mushi. They don’t seem to be dealing with any major chemistry issues since his return. Fnatic enjoys a ridiculous winrate over the past 3 months, but many of those matches were beating up on lesser SEA teams. They did recently 5-0 MVP.P over two matches. Their last loss came against Wings in April. Based on record alone, Fnatic looks to be a slight favorite, but I think it’s even. Personal Odds: VG.R 50/50 Fnatic. MVP.P vs LGD – BO3 – Manila Major Group D: I’m going out on a limb here and saying that I think LGD is being underrated currently. They have been playing a ton of games, and winning most of them. MVP.P has looked lost, dropping games to TNC, WG, and Trust. MVP.P often plays better on LAN, but it remains to be seen if they will return to their previous dominate LAN selves, or will remain rusty. Personal odds: MVP.P 40/60 LGD.
MVP: King of F10K and King of throws.
Fuuuuck. The number of times I have to plead to my carries to get BKB. For some reason they care more about big numbers than surviving to use them. It's like playing wow. There's no point of doing so much damage you pull threat and get 1 shotted. Guess what, your dps is zero if you die.
Not quite. This major so far has seen the favorites winning almost every matchup. If you look at gambling sites that include odds based on thousands of users, favorites won most matches. On day 2, groups C and D, every favorite won their match except when EG lost to MVP. That's 9 out of 10 matches. Now, a lot of the series' went to a full 3 games, but match winners were favorites by and large.
This is the design philosophy. Early game you are gold poor and inventory slot rich. Late game you are gold rich and inventory slot poor. So "inefficient" items are worth it because you don't have the slots to support more efficient items.
"Hillary is the same as Trump" is the new "both parties are the same." It's the same excuse in either case "there are unappealing things about both groups/individuals, so I'm not going to take the time to consider the nuances between them, and weight which issues I care about most." Unfortunately the Bernie or Bust types are running on ideological purity at this point. Any and all dissension is met with anger and expulsion. Many are saying that if Bernie ultimately endorses Hillary then, "the movement will continue without him."
It's also highly likely that a portion of Bernie supporters would have otherwise been non-voters to begin with. Bernie is a unique candidate that got many people interested in presidential politics, many who would have otherwise sat at home regardless of who the candidates were. So in some cases, Hillary losing votes to stay-at-home Bernie supporters likely won't be that much of a net-loss were Bernie to have never ran.
&gt; massive Republican voter dissatisfaction It's going to be really weird when Hillary starts courting disillusioned Republicans and Trump courting disillusioned Democrats.
/r/politics is the new /r/the_donald. They came for the memes. They stayed for the trolling.
New. Started just for this major.
Good point. And everyone already knows trump "hates" Mexicans from past comments. So this just seems like more of the same, and diverts the discussion from his only strength: business acumen/success. Instead of talking about trump U, people are talking about stuff people already know.
Cruz would do worse in a general election than Trump would. A right wing religious wackadoodle appeals to a smaller and smaller base. He's on the wrong side of General American consensus on LGBT rights, abortion and religious liberty laws.
RIP. Both teams I bet on win game 1 and then lose 2-0. RIP LGD, RIP Alliance. This major has been shit for me :(
yeah im 5-16 this major betting :( Group stages: underdogs win 3 out of 20 matches. It's been incredibly hard for me to predict when the odds are favorable, or when the underdog has a shot, and with so many series' going to 3 only makes it harder.
/r/politics has become ground zero for canvassing from /r/sandersforpresident and /r/the_donald. So many usersnames with TRUMP in them, or accounts less than 3 months old with posting histories in /r/hillaryforjail, /r/sandersforpresident, and most often, /r/the_donald. These users are largely trolls and narrative manipulators. Every topic is brigaded. Every pro sanders post is upvoted. Every anti-hillary post is upvoted. Every negative Trump article is disputed and excused. The source articles become weaker and weaker and from farther left/right corners of the internet simply to fit the narrative that Hillary is going to be indicted and hauled off to Guantanamo Bay and that Bernie Math means he's actually winning. The delusion here is palpable. I mean, I sort of get it. It's easier to surround yourself with like-minded voices when the enemy of one's enemy is your friend. It's why Trump supporters are buddying up to Sanders supporters. Seeing /r/politics seemingly descend into delusional madness has been both interesting and troubling. Now I know what it was like to have been a conservative here in the past.
Bro, he said he's just putting numbers up. No context or facts are needed. 42 1523236 111111111 See? I can put numbers up too, they have about as much factual basis as the parent comment.
We do have to recognize the irony here. If a social conservative believed for 30+ years that: Homosexuality is a sin. Homosexuals do not deserve equal rights/marriage rights Homosexuality/trans gender identity are not protected classes Abortion is a sin and should be outlawed in *all* cases He would likely be labeled as a religious zealot homophobe who's on the wrong side of history. But if you *agree* with the viewpoints of the person standing by their beliefs, they are a "champion."
Did we forget the Obama presidency? "I plan to play a very active role. I will do everything I can to see that he is elected president." - Sanders, June 3, 2008.
*But this year it's different!* There are only two results: you get jaded and/or frustrated and say "fuck it" and stop caring about politics. You become a Masochist.
Cory Booker is my bet. Dude is young, energetic, progressive, great on education, has a great history/background, and is more qualified than some other possibilities. Warren would be my preferred pick for VP, bur Booker would be acceptable.
I thought Alliance doomed themselves both games they picked Rubrick. He doesn't fit that well into the meta unless your opponents are dumb enough to go for big wombo/combo ults. Navi played it perfectly, when they saw Alliance go Rubrick, they passed on teamfight ults and went with the meta-preferred "run at you doto" style, which forces the opponents to react. If you can't control a fight or escape, you will lose to run-at-you-doto. Navi also had a strong pushing lineup, which allows them to punish mistakes and poor draft picks harder. Honestly Alliance's drafts were very weak this major.
Newbee has looked so dominate in their games...but I still remember them losing to VG.R and Wings. They aren't immortal, far from it, it just takes a really good draft and solid execution to beat them. Fnatic is a quality team with strong drafts. Fnatic definitely has a shot.
But it forced them to play a play style that is *superior* to other styles in the meta.
Perfectly stated. You summed it up nicely from what I've seen.
Two wrongs don't make a right. We have to accept the reality as it stands now. Insults don't help anyone in any party. Both sides were guilty of it. Lick your wounds and move on. Support the candidate or vote alternatively. Arguing over it now after it is all said and done is just water under the bridge.
It doesn't if you don't see the election as a zero-sum game. But most people do, and it effectively is in some states. A vote for a third party candidate, or no vote at all, is effectively a vote against Hillary. If that's your prerogative, that's fine, but understand why people see election politics as a zero-sum game, make the *strategic* vote, even if it isn't the most *ideal* vote.
Didn't you hear? The FBI plans to roll up in an unmarked black van, throw a knapsack over Hillary's head and haul her off to Guantanamo.
If Bernie Sanders were to come back from provisional/mail-in ballots post-election it would be such a statistical anomaly, the only explanation would be election fraud. Elections utilize statistics. The higher percentage of votes counted, the stronger the results become. The higher percentage of votes counted, the greater a statistical anomaly is required to flip the results. There is simply no basis in reality in which it can be assumed that all uncounted for ballots are 90%+ for Sanders.
Being for "traditional marriage" is a talking point for his appeal to religious conservatives. He may not think they are best for the party, but he still appeals to them, and buzzwords like "traditional marriage," allow religious conservatives to project the connotations they have with that statement into Trump. Basically, they make assumptions about what he probably believes because hes for "traditional marriage."
Don't feed the troll. Account age is less than 1 month and half is post history is MAGA.
I certainly don't hope he uses those exact terms, because they do not inspire any passion. It's also the language Bernie or Bust types are already so opposed to, the "lesser of two evils" argument. He has to inspire his voters to continue the fight, just like he has, to stay engaged and involved, especially in local and state elections. Make change where you can, etc.
k :)
Such a bitch and totally unwarrented. You can get just the land packs from them for $18 on eBay, which equals .22 per land. Better deals can probably be had. I picked up 2x land packs for roughly $12 each.
Most will, reddit wont. Reddit loves nothing more than standing on some invisible moral high-ground where they get to practice their favorite 1-liners. - "Don't blame me I voted third party!" - "I told you so!" - "Both parties are the same!"
Bernie refused to make her emails a campaign issue and even publicly stated he doesn't care about her damn emails... Don't you all get it? Bernie was in on it from beginning! Wake of sheeple!
I hope he does all those things too...but I also hope Obama narrates a few Nat Geo nature specials or Planetarium shows.. Dude is an amazing speaker with a great calming voice. Morgan Freeman and Tom Hanks can't hog all the work.
"YAAAAAS Hillary!" Whenever she does something cringeworthy and/or pandering.
A lot of metrics and statistical models used the incumbent president's approval ratings to indicate how presidential elections will shape up. If Obama stays on his upward trend, it would look very good for Hillary.
All those positions you listed aren't the positions of the democratic party platform. I'm sorry to say this but...you probably were never a democrat.
Yawn. Tell yourself whatever you want.
I know, but they don't see any of these things as successes. They look at Hillary with extreme distrust and disdain. They assume whatever "concessions" made by her or the party from Sanders will be quickly forgotten. They have already vowed to "continue the movement without him," assuming Bernie endorses her. The complete lack of perspective and history is both cute, and disheartening. Such passion is wasted in *every* election cycle on *every* fringe candidate. But, they appeal to them *because* they aren't typical voters in the first place.
The scan should also show on the actual map being played, [like Starcraft](http://i.imgur.com/ekHy1.jpg). That way, it is both informational to the viewer and caster, but in game it would show where in the fog you are scanning to your team. Right now it can be hard to discern which narrow pathways are covered in the scan.
I think it's more...when you are playing pubs you can chose whatever you want. Your team doesn't have a captain so you can play whatever role you feel like or think fits well. Secondly, LAN events often have multiple matches in a row and are often played under high stress. If he's having trouble or pain in a pub he could always slack off as the game ends, or simple abandon.
My point about the first statement is directly related to the "moral high-ground" argument. When you vote third party, or don't vote at all, it becomes an easy excuse to absolve ones self of any responsibility of any issue, and can instead point fingers at everyone else.
Oh man I have a couple extended family members who have gone full prepper. For Christmas they received from their parents: prepared dried food (think grey NASA pouches) and a giant, *giant* [fucking flashlight.](http://tysonandbilly.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/2-Super-Bright-Flashlight.jpg)
Establishment Republicans have to play a delicate game: Publicly endorse Trump, but make little to no effort to see that he is elected. You are right, at this point, they are concerned about down-ballot elections. Congress, state houses, governorships, etc.
If somehow EG has the exact same lineup as they did in TI5 (which remains to be seen with the rumors surrounding Zai to replace Aui), then I don't see how they are *not* invited. It would seem like a mere technicality to not invite the exact same team to defend their title. An argument can be made they will be invited regardless so long as 3 of the 5 members are the same. "Rules are rules," only extends to when Valve changes them. Some teams have earned privilege, just like in life.
Look towards league of legends for a model on contracts and regulations. Lots of rules (and punishments) for teams/organizations that attempt to "poach" players, have conflicts of interest, dont submit contract paperwork on time, underpay players, etc.
I have no idea. I just know he was very happy to get it...
I think you are right. If Republicans wanted, they could fully support him 100%. Excuse all the crazy/racist comments he makes and just *go with it.* They would stand a much strong chance of winning the election. To be fair, this could still happen post convention. The other side is, maybe establishment Republicans *do* have a conscience, or truly think it isn't worth their time/effort to help him get elected if they don't see him as fit for the Presidency as a Republican. I mean...this is the guy who will be briefed on issues of national security, controlling our nukes, and corresponding with world leaders. G7 summit, 2017: "@RealDonaldTrump: Putin is a lightweight, makes a no-show at G7. Won't come to the table. I'll make them a deal, and they better take it."
Well, there's bound to be a few young white males from upper middle socioeconomic backgrounds working in his campaign...so they probably are familiar with reddit. For all we know his staffers are mods and/or shitposters in chief over at /r/the_donald.
Lol, the post history. This account is gold :)
If the far left hates anything more, it's incrementalism. It defines our political structure, but to them appears far too slow and way too inefficient to reach the "best" solution only after trying so many other inferior solutions.
I lost my first two underdog bets on navi and VGR so I went big on Fnatic...either bugattis or bicycles.
I have a friend of mine who got into politics. We've had some interested discussions over the years, and she leans conservative. She started working a few years ago for a consulting firm that advises politicians on campaign strategies. She expressed to me how frustrated she was with Republicans at the national level alienating important demographic groups they need, especially at the local level (at the time, her firm was working with a Latino Republican candidate out of LA). She lamented how, if it weren't for some of the rhetoric and actions of other Republicans, Asian Americans and Latino Americans would find the Republican party more appealing. To her, Latinos tend to be religious (Catholic), while Asians tended to be fiscally conservative. Both groups also valued strong family values and the principle that hard work and personal determination will bring success. If the Republicans championed these principles rather than alienating others, they could be more successful.
Obama in campaign mode is a pretty scary thing. Dude is an excellent speaker, is inspiring, and has always utilized a great social media team as well.
People who want to "burn it all down" are just anti-incrementalists. They don't like slow inefficient change. They want rapid change towards an ideal...but what that ideal is and how you get there, well, that part isn't always thought out.
Trump has a few paths, but all of them rely on two things: 1. Winning Florida and Ohio 2. Increasing non-college educated whites to increase voter turnout and percentage of vote. If he can move the needle on this group from 57% turnout to 64%, and 62% of the vote to 67%, he stands a good shot at Michigan, New Hampshire, Colorado, Indiana, and Pennsylvania.
&gt; if dems lost this election because bernie took 18 (or even 5) percent of the vote, I can guarantee that dems would think long and hard about how to regain the liberal base instead of coasting on the "we're 2 steps left of Republicans" platform they have been for the last few decades. You realize if the Democratic party shifts dramatically left to appeal to the fringe, they do so by alienating moderates, independents, and blue-dog democrats, who make up a *significantly* larger percentage of voters than the fringe left.
Not turnout, but percentage, yes, or at least it is implied. MSNBC had a bit during the last primary on Tuesday about non-educated whites voter preference. Romney beat Obama by 13 points IIRC. Trump was already beating Hillary by 12 points, with something like 11% undecided, so it was easy to conclude that for this metric, percentage of vote for the Republican would increase. I haven't see anything regarding turnout, but the primary seemed to imply turnout was increasing for Republicans, but it remains to be seen if that will translate to the general, especially with the nevertrump movement. Also about that MSNBC bit, they also included stats for college educated whites. Romney won this demo by like 6 points...Clinton vs Trump? It was deadlocked, or -6 net for the Republican candidate, not a good sign at all, and college educated whites vote at the highest percentage.
Oh you :)
It simply means his handlers are getting through to him, and for his own benefit. He seemed to be fighting anyone suggesting he do anything different. Now it appears he is doing things a more traditional candidate might do. One of those things is using a teleprompter. He's trying to stick closer to a script, rely less on riling up his base, and reduce foot in mouth moments.
I'm pretty sure at this point the never trump movement would look to actively sabotage his changes. They aren't looking for a candidate to *win,* they are looking for a candidate to *ensure they lose.* They would rather have Hillary as President then allow Trump the chance to get close.
There's far too much time and too much negging from the media for Trump not to have more foot in mouth moments.
Exactly. It was amazing to hear Kasich say in his interview with Fox News that Trump called him and asked "What are you going to do for my campaign?" Obviously seeking an endorsement. Trump explicitly solicited him (and likely others) for their endorsement to help him in battleground states. And at least for Kasich, it backfired.
I think penn is more likely to switch than Wisconsin or Michigan for this election cycle. Trumps stump speeches speak exactly to that core electorate.
Can't undersell Miracle. Dude is probably the best player in the world. DC took a game off them too. Newbee isn't invincible but they are probably the favorite.
That's...not how this works. That was just the only major upset. Previous lan events recently had a lot of upsets. For underdog bettors, this event has been difficult because so many matches had 65/35 odds that looked very 50/50 and almost none went to the underdog. It's usually your newer less experienced bettors that simply "follow" the favorites with their bets. Usually that burns people. This lan it has rewarded people.
Hindsight is 20/20. Odds only looked skewed afterwards. Plenty of logical assessment indicated the matches were closer than the odds appeared. If you did well, grats.
It doesn't seem that hard for Trump to extend his Muslim ban on immigrants to a Muslim deportation. He's already stated as such for illegal immigrants. Obviously would be harder with most of the Muslims he would want to deport being citizens. He's also going to ratchet up the need for more torture, more mass surveillance, more aggressive policing, more deportations, etc. Problem is, something like this happening in a battleground state could change the narrative of that state. This could make Florida flip red. Trump will stoke the fires of fear and Floridians will eat it up.
A lot of gay bars where I live are popular for non gays too. They are just bars that are a more welcoming environment.
I thought it was because they were pushing out a lot of remixes of tracks that all basically followed the same formula/sounded the same.
It might also be about who is able to act more presidential. Clinton can certainly turn the "presidential" mode on on a whim. Trump struggles and even with a Teleprompter his speeches really don't feel or sound that presidential. Perhaps when people are scared someone who is more comforting is better than for someone who is stoking the fires of that fear. Obviously it's different for different people.
Except the majors have exposed a fatal flaw for some "tier 1" teams: they stopped playing. Teams like secret and EG would just go from major lan to major lan, always directly invited. They didn't have to go into the trenches of tier 2, 3, and 4 Dota. Face cheese drafts. Face non conventional lineups. The meta evolves throughout a patch. Not participating in smaller tourneys and qualifiers can sometimes mean you fall behind in the meta. They weren't keeping their skills sharp. They fell behind and it showed.
How did the removal of refueling change F1? From a layman's perspective, I would think it would mean shorter races, as the cars are only capable to driving until they run out of fuel. Or, were cars only kept fueled with a minimal amount of fuel for weight reasons when they could have carried a lot more? Or were the cars redesigned to have a larger fuel capacity?
&gt;On the bright side by ripping off all the masks he's (maybe) going to end up waking people up and letting them hear the dog-whistles they couldn't before even while they went along with the superficial message of the whistle. Perhaps, but my fear is, things always get worse before they get better. I think we give our fellow man too much credit to think they will act logically and rationally when the appeals to tribalism are ingrained in us. It becomes too easy to see so many within your "tribe" act one way, you are inclined to follow. Herd mentality is dangerous, and Trump will continue to stoke the White Angst in this country.
Gotcha! Thanks for the information. Have there been any dangerous incidents post-fueling change that could be blamed on the cars holding too much fuel? Say, a car gets in a wreck early into a race and a bad fire breaks out because the cars hold a lot more now than previously?
Merrick Garland is pretty center-left. In the eyes of Republicans, he is far from the worst candidate that could fill Scalia's seat. Congress has already stated that if Hillary wins the election they will fast-track Merrick Garland's confirmation during Obama's Lame Duck period.
That's what they say, but I don't think it will be what they do. This is about strategy, and not revealing your cards. They can't show their hand and admit their plan was simply to delay Garland. There are two facts we can accept: 1). There is a greater than 0% chance that a Republican candidate wins the presidency 2). There is a greater than 50% chance a Hillary presidency would select a nominee more liberal than Garland. If we accept these two statements, it is easy to see that Republicans will still likely fast track Garland if Hillary wins because that is the best *strategical* decision. They can't publicly admit they were simply waiting for the election to be decided, because that makes them look bad. They hold out on "no way! new president must decide!" but is all smoke and mirrors. Sure, I can't *prove* it, and sure, it isn't supported by the article you provide, but it's what makes party strategy sense, and I'll go with that over what a few Republican party heads willingly tell the media.
Yes, it is incorrect to say they "stated" it. I should have been more clear. They decided it behind closed doors.
It would seem to be a waste of resources. Trump has a greater chance flipping any of the following states: - Florida - Ohio - New Hampshire - Colorado - Michigan - Pennsylvania - Wisconsin The ones that stand out the most are Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. If he can get those 3 to flip, and he holds every state Romney won, he wins the election. But this is Trump, so who knows what he might do, regardless of how wasteful it might be.
Yes. Florida is the most important state for him, for sure. If he doesn't win Florida, he would have to sweep Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia and North Carolina.
Meanwhile Utah has polls showing Clinton and Trump tied.
/r/nba wants LeBron to be as tough as they are, behind their keyboards and their internet anonymity.
Definitely true. The appeal he has that would work in Florida would likely work in those states as well. Separating out each state works simply from a math perspective.
I think you are right, but still for Trump, people will remember "he's tough on terrorism." The more the Republican party can play up fear in this campaign, or even just in particular states (like Florida), the better chance Trump has at winning battleground states.
2000 Republican Electorate: I want to vote for someone folksy enough that I can see myself having a beer with! 2008 Republican Electorate: I want to vote for a war hero who's known for being a maverick! 2012 Republican Electorate: I want to vote for a morally-conscious statesmen! 2016 Republican Electorate: I want to vote for the guy who says all the things I get told I can't say in public!
Well...he was full-fledged *American* citizen with Afghani heritage Merely calling him "an afgan" seeks to take away his citizenship, and attempts to reinforce Trumps narrative that this "afgan" somehow infiltrated our country and slipped passed our law enforcement and intelligence agencies. It's all about supporting his "temporary" ban on Muslims. It isn't overtly racist, but it's definitely dog-whistle.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend. Trump and his supporters hate Muslims more than gays. A lot more.
He's normalizing hate. He's moving to make public displays of racism acceptable. And unfortunately his message will resonate with a lot of people. I fear for my brown friends who either are Muslim, or will be mistaken for Muslim. I remember working in retail around 2003, just a couple years after September 11th, a customer said "they should kick out all those people with jewels in their heads!" Couldn't face-palm any harder.
Totally fair. OG didn't play as much as well between major events. It might be something more to do with the age/structure of the teams/organizations. OG is still a pretty new organization compared to Secret, or EG or LGD, etc.
Hillary Clinton's speech [word cloud](http://i.imgur.com/xkOI4s4.jpg0) Donald Trump's speech [word cloud](http://i.imgur.com/N9NcMhK.jpg)
Oh man, god help us if an LGBT (Conservatives would assume you are all the above) touched a kid in a bathroom! WE TOLD YOU IT WOULD HAPPEN!
Also: Trump: 3014 total words. 885 unique words. Clinton: 3147 total words. 986 unique words. I thought I might find a lot more repetition in Trump's speech. There is, but only slightly.
I wish you could ask the American people that :)
www.wordle.net Requires Java, so I had to use IE to make it work.
It's funny, I've spent much of the day browsing /r/politicaldiscussion reading about the shootings, terrorist ties, political ramifications, election roadmaps, debates on which states might flip, Trumps speech, Clinton's speech, etc. I come over to /r/politics and it's as if I stepped back in time, a time in which Bernie just won Michigan and has the momentum to sweep the primary or something...
[This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPKKQnijnsM) shared on Facebook probably had a bigger impact on bringing income inequality into public discussion than Occupy did. Sure, it could be argued the video followed Occupy, but the moment lacked focus at times.
Account is 3 years old, no posting history, submissions or comments. Committed to the lurker game.
My GF likes Ivanka's shoes, and every time she's considering buying a pair I reminder her "if you buy them you'll be funding his campaign!"
Ha, there was a house down the street from mine, maybe a mile away that became some sort of collectivist commune. Lots of people always coming and going. House was massive, over 2300 square feet, and it might have been three stories, when most homes in the neighborhood were 1500 square feet 3 bed 2 bath single family homes. Anyways, this house became known as the Ron Paul house: http://i.imgur.com/S40dX4E.jpg I can only imagine what it would have been like to live in some Ron Paul libertarian dream world...
The idea I had for this ad would most definitely be run by a superpac, not the Hillary campaign.
You sound like you have fat feet.
&gt; Everybody’s their own cop in a way. George Zimmerman probably campaigning hard AF for trump right now.
Well, every time we get a ridiculous story about a person getting kicked off a plane because they ["sounded arabic"](http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/17/us/southwest-muslim-passenger-removed/) is a consequence of the "see something, say something" mentality we have promoted. Trump is advocating to take that to the next degree.
You'd also think that, if there are 15 people hiding in the bathroom, knowing hes going from room to room executing people, you would all band together in attempt to overpower the suspect...but that didn't happen either.
&gt; He did it almost as an after thought in the middle of the attack. No one would ever have known if the armed guard at Pulse had gotten him. That doesn't sound like a dedicated extremist. Which makes total sense if he hated himself so much for being gay that he wanted others to think he of him as a "terrorist cell." Ironically his actions only exposed his homosexuality, the last thing he probably wanted revealed.
No. My point is, if your plan A is: I got a gun, and I have to use it. Your plan B would be: I don't have a gun, but if I have no other choice, I'll try to overpower the shooter. And if Plan B didn't happen, Plan A might be unlikely as well. &gt;it only takes one guy with a gun to come up with the plan to shoot the shooter as opposed to multiple people to strategize a way to take him down barehanded. if you go the route in your scenario, you have to get close to him to take him down. with a gun you can shoot him from across the room. This is completely fantasy thinking, the idea that a lone hero can take out a shooter from afar, in a dark nightclub with dozen of people running around. I'm not a gun control advocate, but this lone armed hero idea is pure fantasy.
And we now know he was a self-loathing closest homosexual who turned his inner hatred of himself onto others. He called and claimed ties to multiple terrorist groups because the *last thing* he wanted people to know was that he was gay.
You lose a seat in the Senate, because Mass. has a batshit crazy Republican. (Not saying all Rs are batshit crazy, this guy just happens to be batshit crazy, and also a Republican). He will nominate an R for sure for her seat. Now, if the Dems evaluate and think that they can manage losing a seat, especially if they think they might pick some up, it might be worth considering.
Screw the URL you actually visit that page? Like stepping back into a geocities time machine or something. Stretched/squished images, mixed resolution image carousel, bad cropping, illegible text overlay, etc. EDIT: HOLY SHIT, it's from the FUTURE! "© 2023 by BACKDOOR | Private Investigators. Proudly created with Wix.com"
Yea. It is tagged as such on the workshop.
A lot of "pro trump" are also "fuck the system" types. If you pull their favorite candidate of all time, they are more likely to not go to the polls at all Nov. 7th. Makes sense, they got a prepper shelter to build.
Whaaaaaa...who takes Briebart seriously? Why would he think this is a credible article?
I mean, ISIS got a *ton* of equipment, arms, ammo, etc. from the Iraqi Army fleeing their compounds. All of that was US equipment. There are videos showing ISIS driving a convoy of US made vehicles. It is sort of the consequence any time you "arm" or provide equipment to any third party, be them government forces or rebels.
We can't be blinded by the present. Polls will change. Moods will change. People will forget things, etc. It would be incredibly naive to count out Trump already. We are still early into this process, and have 5 months to go. Both party conventions, and multiple debates. *So much* can change and happen from now until then.
Meh, that's your Bernie or Bust types that are still holding out for an FBI indictment.
[Da Fuq?](http://i.imgur.com/Z61Szez.jpg)
I'm not saying the GOP has a shot, and I don't support Trump...but what I am saying is, Clinton supporters/democrats shouldn't count their chickens yet. Don't let up. Kick while they are down. Throat on neck. If you treat your opponent anyway else, they will come back to bite you.
I've said it before, I'll say it again: When Trump delivers his concession speech, he will announce his new Reality TV show called: Trump Party. Where young Washington hopefuls learn the ins and outs of politics, and compete in challenges such as: - Handling lobbyists - Fundraising events - Debates - Marginalizing minority demographics - And other unique political challenges! Better suit up America, because the Trump Party is ready to take this country back! But if the polls close and the American people don't vote for you, then "You're a loser."
Can't wait until we read @realDonaldTrump Dem Senators holding US hostage over bad anti-gun laws. Meeting with NRA went great. Real solutions. Better deals.
You definitely can't. Republicans are in a no-win situation. At this point, it's about survival for them.
Holy shit I'm glad I'm not 13 anymore.
Dota2lounge has the game match wrong. It isn't star ladder it's Hcup.
One of their other videos says "any source of water, even salt water." Hell, I bet you could use urine. Maybe I'm weird, but this thing has my inner-prepper senses tingling.
All the problems you pose are problems that third world countries face, but mostly not first would countries. However their current advertising is directed towards those 3rd world applications. They would be better off marketing these for military use or for preppers.
I expect several prominent white people within the white community to speak out condemning this violence. I surely don't want to see any increased attacks or surveillance in white neighborhoods or places of worship.
When you don't worry about your candidate of choice, you don't vote.
This is Slippin' Jimmy we are talking about. He's got enough charm, charisma, and humor to keep just about anyone interested.
Gotta look at brackets and of the games matter. The MVP vs Execration was the only surprise. The other two, both Newbee and VGR didn't have anything to gain by winning. Their opponents did.
Going small on alliance and navi simply based on odds.
I've made a commitment to myself that I will not bet on favorites when I can't watch the matches! It is too tempting to want to go to sleep and wake up to bugattis betting on favorites. Don't do it!
Game 1 and 3 looked like very experimental drafts to me. Game 2 was the only standard draft, which they won.
Exactly. Bernie has unfortunately fallen out of the spotlight. The last and best reason for Super Delegates to swing was the idea that Hillary wasn't polling well enough against Trump and Bernie polled much better. Well, Trump's shot off both feet by now and is still looking for more ways to hurt himself. Bernie doesn't have a strong enough argument anymore to ignore what the voters decided.
The long term strategy also includes shedding themselves of the Tea Party, which have many members still in their ranks. The GOP can really only move forward if the number of tea party members dwindles, allowing them the ability to not get gridlocked from within their own party.
Predictions for ESL and more, my entry into the giveaway as well: **Newbee.Y vs FTD.A** DPL BO2 Newbee has defeated better competition, and more consistently including wins over Newbee, FTD.C, Duobao and CDEC all within the last week. Sure, most of these are tier 2 teams, but that's exactly what FTD.A is as well. FTD.A did manage a win vs CDEC.A, but beyond that they haven't secure a series win in a while. NOTE: the DPL league has been notorious for throws, because the bracket consists of some 22 teams. Newbee is top 10 currently and FTD.A is outside the top 10. Newbee's spot isn't that secure (their point lead isnt that big) so I don't forsee them taking this game off. Personal odds: Newbee.Y 65/35 FTD.A **TongFu vs FTD.C** DPL BO2 Both teams are in the top 10, and for that reason I see this match likely splitting. It's 50/50 for sure. Don't go big on either team. Abstain. **IG.V vs CDEC.A** HCUP BO3 Playoffs for the Hcup league. IG.V has more impressive wins than CDEC.A, and this is the semi-final match for HCUP season 7. Baring any shenanigans, this should be an easy match for IG.V. Personal odds IG.V 70/30 CDEC.A **FTD.C vs Duobao** Nyangyang Quals BO3 Two bottom-barrel tier 3 Chinese teams. FTD.C has had trouble beating *anyone* while Duobao has managed a couple decent wins, including wins over EHOMe and FTD.A. Don't go big on this match as it's pretty 50/50. Look at the odds for potential value betting. **Liquid vs Fnatic** ESLOne BO3 Whether or not FATA plays, I think Fnatic has a good shot this series. Fnatic lost a close series to Alliance, and Vega performed well over both Liquid and Alliance. This is a match to bet on the odds. Feels pretty 50/50, so use this to your advantage if one team is a big favorite. **Newbee vs EHOME.K** DPL BO2 Keep your eyes on this match. EHOME.K has been playing surprisingly well while Newbee has been garbage since the Major, although this is largely due to Chuan being out. These matches probably don't mean a lot for Newbee while EHOME.K is trying to prove themselves. Newbee is in 10th position with EHOME.k in 11th. If Chuan sits this game, small on EHOME.K for value is a good bet. Personal Odds: Newbee 55/45 EHOME.K **VG vs CDEC** DPL BO2 A likely 1-1 match, but a potential value pick for CDEC if the odds look juice. Another DPL match with VG inside the top 10, and CDEC just outside. CDEC has also played the fewest matches in this tourney. Personal Odds: VG 55/45 CDEC. **IG vs Duobao** DPL BO2 Another DPL match. IG is pretty securely in top 10 while Duobao is pretty well bottom 10. I don't think a yolo is worth it unless the odds are really far apart. Personal Odds: IG 75/25 Duobao. **IG.V vs EHOME** DPL BO2 Yet another DPL. A likely 1-1 split for these teams who are both in the top 10. Abstain or yolo the underdog. **EHOME.L vs Avalon** Nyangyang BO3 Their last match split 1:1, but this is a BO3. I favor Avalon just a bit here, but both teams are terrible and tier 3. Risky match, don't go big, recommend abstain. **Wings vs DTT** Can't find a lot of info about this match. Wings will likely be such huge favorites that it wont be worth it. Yolo DTT or abstain **Navi vs VP** ESL One BO3 Here we go! CIS vs CIS! Aggression vs Aggression. These teams are playing to see who advances. Navi is going to enter this game as a huge favorite, but I would recommend caution. VP played without Alohadance against CoL. I'm unsure if he is returning at all this tourney but I assume not. Sure, more and more it looks like Navi is the big favorite, but in CIS dota, so much can happen. Personal odds: Navi 60/40 VP. **Braveheart vs CDEC.A** DPL BO2 Both of these teams haven't played well in the DPL league, with CDEC.A sitting just 2 spots ahead of bheart.Watch odds on this match, feels pretty 50/50 **CDEC vs CDEC.Y** DPL BO2 Again, both teams outside of top 10, with CDEC not too far out of it. I give them the edd here. Personal Odds: CDEC 65/35 CDEC.Y **Valkyrie vs Broodmother** ProDotaCup BO1 YOLO on the underdog, but I do favor Brood here a bit. Or abstaining is probably the smartest choice. GL All!
Good luck to all! Number: 55 Link: http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995133041/ Predictions: https://www.reddit.com/r/Dota2Betting/comments/4omkfs/june_18th_predictions_thread/d4e0az9
Wow! I'm so excited and thankful for you doing this! I'll continue to post predictions for the good of the community! https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=34867313&amp;amp;token=lOi-77Pr Item received!
Quick predictions: WAY vs BHeart: 50/50 match, Nyangyang BO3 chinese quals. Odds are right for this match, risky bet for either team. Recommend abstain. Vega vs Navi: Tricky to call. Match history and gut says Navi, but the odds might become too Navi favored. If it exceeds 35/65, abstain or small on vega. VG vs CDEC.A: VG slight favorite. VG hasn't been that good lately. Good odds for small underdog bet. IG.V vs EHOME.K: Thinking big on IG.V, they have been on a roll and EHOME.K has struggled and is a tier below. FTD.C vs EHOME.L: I want to go big on FTD.C here as well. EHOME.L is one of the weakest teams in this tourney, with only 1 win over TRG. CDEC.Y vs Newbee: Is Chuan playing? Check to make sure first. If he is, assuming 25/75 favoring Newbee. TongFu vs VG: Good odds here for underdog bet. seems 50/50 to me. OG vs Liquid: man, my gut says OG. Miracle is the best player in the world, and their drafts have been excellent. BHeart vs EHOME: 40/60 favoring EHOME. They haven;t been that good lately tho, which is why I think Bheart has a chance. Especially in this DPL tourney. CDEC vs Duobao: Should be EZ CDEC.
But is he a dear, dear friend of yours?
Oh man I just realized /r/theredpill and /r/the_donald probably has a lot of crossover.
Brutal. Savage. Rekt.
You mean something with Trump's name on it is slowly revealed to be nothing but smoke, mirrors, and loud noises?
If it happens, it will be apparent. Think back to Palin, when she was super-sheltered from the media by campaign staff. This is a monumental task for Trump advisors, but there is a strategy. See, for Trump, he's only going to do something if you convince him it is his idea and a *great* idea. In this sense, you get Trump to cut off the media. He already bashes them left and right, so this can play into his narrative. He instead embarks on campaign stop after campaign stop, emphasizing how he is focused on people, not the media. This also means not allowing him to post on Twitter anymore, or heavily controlling what he says and when he says it. It's no easy task, but there is a path.
&gt;Warranted or not, the PR Girl has become a kind of stereotype—the land-bound stewardess of the aughts. A profession thought to require little more than the ability to walk in a pair of Louboutins and harass people via e-mail. HOLY SHIT, that hits close to home. As a guy who earned a degree in Coms/PR, this seemed to be a driving motivation for a some of the students, who were largely female. The idea that they were going to become event planners and wear cocktail dresses at formal events for celebrities or politicians all day. Brutal.
&gt; I kinda didn't like how much the article focuses on how pretty she is and how well she dresses. I wonder if this was a consequence of the writer not really being able to interview her, since the interview was this weird by-proxy through Trump. The article was more about her than an interview feature. I have a feeling that even after the campaign fails, while tons of staff will be let go, she will probably be able to resume a similar role, either within Trump, or an affiliate. She may be engaged in the craziest campaign ever, but it's still great experience and as long as she's within arm-length from Trump, she should maintain some level of job security.
Well, then they had to buy his jersey again. Good marketing strategy IMO.
You may have had a 56k modem, but it never went 56k. I was lucky to pull down 26.4k when we had dial-up...up until about 2002. Then we finally got a 1 mp/s dsl connection that my parents kept until like 2010.
Yeah, I knew there were limitations, but I think it should have been possible to get better than 26.4k. I was young at the time we had dial up, but our techie friend at the time mentioned something about our house being far from some important access point. Not sure if this made a difference. We got so sick of the slow speed we tried those "internet through the electrical outlet" thing as well: https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/41YPCMnG9oL._AC_UL480_SR480,480_.jpg but with it we got...24k speed :(
Sorta like Merrick Garland...
I dunno McCain just recently said Obama is *directly* responsible for the death of 49 people in Orlando...
Or if my carry is spending more time trying to deny the creeps I'm trying to deny and misses last hits. If I'm playing support, this should be EZ: 1). If I'm in lane, I'm going to harass the enemy and/or secure denies. You focus on last hits. 2). If I'm not in lane, I'm warding, ganking, or stack/pulling. You focus on last hits and denies.
It's amazing when people don't realize *why* they are losing when they have a jungle AFK farming for 20 minutes. Just played a game where the opponent had a jungling doom. Their safelane AntiMage was completely alone and our dual offlane crushed him. Our team somehow managed to blame the enemy mid for not helping gank top...and the enemy agreed, completely ignoring that all of their lanes were weakened by having a jungler.
Ha. For web browsing and email its probably fine. Hell, my parents didn't even have a router for wifi for their phones until I gave them mine after Comcast provided me with one.
LeBron was totally playing with a chip on his shoulder for that whole MVP thing. Unanimous MVP, 2 time consecutive MVP. Fuck that, LeBron was out for vengeance.
Eh, echo saber benefits heroes with large base damage attacks or that combo with spells for burst damage: Lifestealer + open wounds, Sven, Tiny, etc. I don't think Echo would be that great on him personally.
Definitely. Anyone who played World of Warcraft knows the "gotta log in to do my dailies" feeling.
What? A Bernie supporter!? How brave of him/her!
*BRRRRRTTTTT! CAAAW! BYAAAAAHH!*
Meh. We put too much stock into these players turned analysts. They are hardly analysts, more "personalities," let alone experts. Everyone seems to think the era they played in was the best/hardest/toughest/most real, etc.
Had my conduct summary pop up and I had 9 reports across my last 25 games, but no abandons. Didn't get LP. If you abandon twice in the same week however you get auto placed into LP having to win 1 game. If you abandon a third time you have to win 2 games in LP. I think it the trend is similar as it goes. So it takes a lot to actually get reported into LP.
Like that doesn't already happen?
Do we really want to watch her own scrubs through qualifiers? 3k hosts are just wasting everyone's time.
Guys...there's a rule of thumb about this sort of stuff: Half your age (rounded down) +7. That is the youngest you can date. Are you 25? You can date as young as 19. Are you 32? You can date as young as 23. Are you 58? You can date as young as 36.
I totally agree. She's a professional and she's learning more every year she has done this. Sure, some moments are a little cringe, but she's encouraging and some of those same moments are also iconic and memorable "420 booty wizard."
To be honest, first 5 kills and first 10 kills is a little overblown. Choose one and stick with it, probably first 10 kills as that seems to be the standard. Offer handicap bets. -0.5 in BO2s, -1.5 in BO3s and -2.5s in BO5s.
"Hey everyone! I'm from Africa! Let me continue to point that out to draw contrast with something I otherwise wouldn't understand for comedic affect!" Sorry Noah, that schtick can only work for so long.
TBH, Fuck Late Show formats. I wish they would just die. We don't need a host trotting out tired celebrities during their media marathon events promoting their new book/movie/feature/play/thing. We don't need musical artists that we otherwise wouldn't care about. We don't need shitty co-hosts who stand behind a podium and serve only as a means to drawn out already bad jokes. We don't need forced monologues from what is "topical," which is usually days late in a fast-paced information age. Nightly shows are a dying format. Networks will realize this eventually, but long after they have lost too much market share from alternative media sources.
Probably not. Trump's speech today was pretty well received, and because Trump basically has no political record, he will run entirely on offense, bashing Hillary as often as possible. The race will go through ebbs and flows of tightening and widening. Could AZ flip? Maybe. Is the Clinton campaign going to invest significant resources there that could take away from their ground game in Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, New Hampshire, Virginia, Colorado, Nevada and Wisconsin? No.
It also usually says "I'm broke," or "I'm on my parent's plan and they refuse to pay to replace it to humiliate me."
Polls right now show a bigger lead for Clinton in Florida (+8) over Pennsylvania (+2). Florida is the most important state, as securing it makes Trump's path *incredibly* difficult. He would basically need to sweep 6+ battleground states, including Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, New Hampshire, Virginia, etc.
Holds about as much credibility as that website. Holy shit welcome to 1996.
If that is the case, it is no surprise. Just like in the US, the states that use the most in welfare benefits per capita are the ones that pay the fewest taxes (to pay for said benefits) and are always working to limit the benefits that others receive.
People think wealth = success. In many cases it may. Trump however, was born on third base who went through life thinking he hit a triple. He has enjoyed benefits throughout his entire life simply due to his family name that 99% of other Americans will never now. Trump's biggest strength is the perceived notion that he is a billionaire businessman. Unfortunately, those that rely on this image ignore the bankruptcies and refusal to release his tax returns (which likely indicate he is worth 1/10th of what he says).
Big if true.
I feel the same. I've had cane sugar Coke and Pepsi, and they are both better than their corn-syrup counterparts, but I prefer the corn-syrup Mt. Dew.
\\//\
Missing: - Doritos (+1 for "cool guy" ranch) - Fedora, resting upon the table, seeking m'ladies to tip to. - My Little Pony merchandise (trading cards, dvds, clothing, home-made fuck ponies, etc. - Laptop with /r/theredpill bookmarked in the navigation bar.
But man, don't you get it? The corporations control everything, man. You are just a pawn in their corporate game. Man I just got back from my first semester of college, I got some stuff you should read. Lol at these downvotes. I guess /r/politics is too srs for south park references.
Skin?
It's a fucking South Park reference ya twit, and it's fucking sarcasm... [Season 9 Episode 2: 2 minutes 30 seconds](http://watchcartoonsonline.eu/watch/south-park-s9-e2-die-hippie-die/)
People need to understand some basics about cosmetics: The more closely the hero resembles standard humans, the more likely they have cosmetics. It should be *no surprise* that heroes like Drow, Crystal Maiden, Axe, Sven, etc. have tons of cosmetics. They are humaoids so they are very easy to design for because their frame of reference for design mirrors that of the designer, human. Not to mention some heroes have more history within the world of Dota, are more popular, etc. Heroes that have very odd shapes and are less humanoid have minimal cosmetics, or haven't even been broken down by Valve: AA, Jakiro, Viper, Enigma, Bane, etc.
Honestly the modern day equivalent are long manicured nails. You see women with these long nails who are limited or unable to perform certain tasks. This is the same idea. "I'm wealthy enough and desirable enough that people will want to take care of me."
Also the reason why men wear suits with 1 button "Oh shit, the king is wearing his jacket with the bottom button unbuttoned! Quickly, make sure he doesn't look stupid, everyone undo the bottom button." Or why a Spanish accent (from Spain) has wisp to it. Apparently an old Spanish king had a wisp and others imitated it so he didn't sound bad.
ESC made the mistake of buying back after they killed 2 on Alliance thinking they could get megas. This is the *number 1* reason why teams lose, you buyback on your cores in an attempt to finish the game, are unable to, and then get GG pushed. ESC had to know that Alliance was going to ALL IN at some point in the game. With a terrorblade you are never out of it, and ESC should have been prepared to see a divine, especially because ESC had no natural divine carrier. The momentum was already shifting towards Alliance. ESC had to maintain objective focused, and they didnt. Bad late game decision making by ESC as well. You could see the panic in their attempt to hold. Both Chronos were terrible and had no follow up, and the second chrono was stacking with the curse, which rendered both useless. Had they not bought back on their 2 cores they would have been able to take slow chip damage against the remaining raxes. ESC buying back was their ALL IN moment, but they got stuffed defending highground against a 6 slotted TB with sunder and a dazzle backup. Such a backbreaking game for game one in a BO5. I could see ESC tilting and losing 3-0 with the next two games in rapid succession. ESC has been playing for the last 4.5 hours.
They did outplay them, but Alliance always drafts with the objective to rat. Whether they are behind, or ahead, their drafts are built around the ability to take towers in rapid succession. It works, at high level dota, teams are able to punish mistakes with crippling force. If your cores are caught without BB, it could be over in a matter of seconds.
Simply manicures without long nails is often enough to make some women not want to engage in some activities because it could damage the manicure. Also, people replicate what they *think* is high status, whether it is or not. The low income women with long manicured nails are doing so because they think it makes them higher status. When you are lower status, you will do whatever you can do hide it, or project otherwise, just like low income women in China wrapped their feet as well.
Buying basketball shoes and playing basketball with them??!? I thought we just wanted to look cool in the club, or add to our collection.
Escape need to utilize better data for their drafts. Even JoinDota clearly shows that Night Stalker is not a winning pick for them. It may be a comfort pick, but it is their lowest winrate hero. http://www.joindota.com/en/edb/team/10354-escape-gaming
Like usual.
ESC has a habit of picking heroes/supports with little to no disable or lockdown and trying to remedy it by a crowd controller like Void. Except Void got banned in the second phase by Alliance, and ESC took Night Stalker instead...who has the most losses in all games they have played. Bad draft. Perhaps Kehzu's hero pool is too small.
This is going to likely change quickly. With Lewandowski fired, and Manafort at the helm, I expect changes behind the scenes, including more staffing and fundraising efforts. Lewandowski was quoted at having a difference of opinion of how the campaign should be run. He specifically said he wanted to run a lean campaign and felt fewer staffers made them more flexible. Trump is still months and millions behind Clinton in terms of ground game and war chest funding. He was able to utilize his personality to dominate the primary because his voice/persona shouted out all opponents, but when there are only two voices on the campaign trail, both get about equal coverage.
Never, *never* doubt what someone says that they won't do, simply because it doesn't confirm to your reality. Ignoring what people say, appeasing them, or assuming otherwise is how dictators rise to power. Terrifying isn't just the actions he supports, but the people who have and will turn a blind eye to his rhetoric.
This is some of the best data, research, and effort anyone has put into this sub and this activity. You deserve tons of credit and respect! I know I appreciate it! However, can you speak to how *you* use it? Do you bet on matches as well? Have you been happy with the model's results for you personally? Are there times were you go against what the model implies, and if so, is it based on gut instinct or other?
Great reference. I remember that sharp tightening in the race right after the first debate. Suddenly Romney was Mr. Moderate and Obama couldn't seem to land any punches. Certainly made the race more interesting, but damn...Romney is a saint compared to Trump. I do see the race tightening over time, but I'm not sure how close it will get.
I'm curious about that too. We also heard Utah was in play for Hillary and I was surprised to see it so far in Trumps column. Also, Arizona looks like it's leaning Hillary too, which goes against historical data. Perhaps some of those sources we heard previously were wrong, or maybe Nat Silver's data isn't that accurate until we get deeper into the election cycle.
Trump's path is simple...but it *all* relies on Florida. Trump's election plan is: 1) Hold every Romney state (watch out Arizona!) 2). Win Florida. 3). Win Ohio *and either* Michigan or Pennsylvania.
I have to assume battleground states get polled more often as well. Thinking about it, I'm glad my state is solidly safe for one candidate. I would hate to deal with all the polling and ads all the fucking time.
AAAAND, REMOVED!
Something in the side-bar would be cool...but I doubt it will ever happen.
&gt;half her party not being on board. el oh fucking el.
It makes me wonder if there is a term for this phenomena. When polling about a topic's likely outcome *influences* the outcome, usually against the favorite.
1). New Hampshire 2). Colorado 3). Pennsylvania 4). Ohio In that order of likeliness.
Note: I'm a 3.2k MMR player, but I have friends that are 4-5k and I group with them. When we group I see a huge difference. Here are the general things I notice: - Understanding roles: This is big, and what I mean by this is, people understand how to perform their roles, and how to be flexible as well. The carry knows his duty is to secure farm, but he also carries a TP if a teamfight looks advantageous. The offlane is doing what he can to soak XP and not die, but if he gets zoned, he grabs an iron talon and goes to the jungle/sidecamp. The support is trying to zone out/stack and pull/ward or roam the map, but they also carry a TP to help bail out a mid or carry player getting ganked, or help secure mid a rune. People last hit better. People buy their starting items faster and get to lanes faster. People always buy courier + wards and share tangos, etc. This is just general competency. Sure "anything can work," but people at higher skill brackets *mirror pro matches.* - Aggressiveness: Being able to understand what your hero can do, and what the opponents hero can do are a foundation for winning your lane. Want to blow your spell combo on your opponent? Did you check to see you had enough mana for both spells? Did you ping/communicate to your lane partner that you were going to go? Playing in the lane is like fencing, you are constantly driving forward or drawing backwards, looking to pull your opponent into a bad position, while keeping yourself in a good position. Enemy getting too close to your tower? Initiate on him. - Understanding bait: if a player in lane is playing generally passively, but then makes an aggressive move forward, it isn't like that they are making a mistake by making themselves vulnerable, they are doing so likely because they have backup. Mid grabbed an invis rune. A jungle is hiding in the trees. Be watchful of players acting out of character suddenly trying to bait spells out of you. This is why you call missing. - Watch a lot of dota: What do the pros do? What little mechanical tips do they employ? How many tower hits can a creep take before you need to attack it to get the last hit? Watching a lot of dota you will pick up on small things pros do. Obviously you cant expect the level of coordinating and teamwork in your pubs, but you can see what pros do to be efficient in whatever role they play. In some cases, you just have to get better at things. Get better at last hitting, get better at skillshots, get better at checking the minimap, get better at communicating your plans to your teammates, etc.
So you stick with money betting then? Probably a lot more reliable and professional than item betting sites, which have shifting odds all the time.
Part of me wants to ALL IN on VG and EHOME for their remaining matches in the Nyanang. If both teams beat both of their remaining opponents, they are through to the playoffs. I'm not going to, but I will see tomorrow if my assumption was correct.
It's what the UFC does too: http://a2.fssta.com/content/dam/fsdigital/fscom/ufc/images/2016/06/29/3_ufc_160629_tonight_gsp_top5_fights_1280x720_715648067880.vresize.1200.675.high.1.jpg
Why arent we also blaming the side camps added to the offlane? This is where you see Tides and Dark Seers getting their early levels and farm anyways. We blame the item, but not the map. Also, this strategy is being punished. I'd rather see multiple heroes LOL IRON TALON than multiple LOL TERRORBLADE PUSH STRAT games.
Headline should read "Email story won't end for #NeverHillary redditors."
&gt;they decided they would rather vote for the most unpopular woman to ever run for president than they would vote for a socialist. I know! And that's why I'm so confused how they could be so wrong!
That's a good point. A lot of people had Christie tied to a potential Attorney General position. Although he has to really think Trump has a shot to win if he Christie wants to also take the flak that comes with being on a losing ticket. The list is probably quite short. Then again, if your presidential candidate is a bully, why not pick another bully as your VP.
I find it most likely some staffer or someone within the Trump campaign got a massive mailing list of thousands or millions of email addresses and simply fired them off. Maybe even had a program that scrubbed email addresses off public websites, which could explain why some public figures were contacted.
