Buying an Impala could work.
What brought that on as they're usually doing the international cons around that time?
Which is why we should do a writers' panel.
Bad posture. It doesn't have to be ram rod straight, but stand up with your shoulders back, pick your feet up when walking (don't shuffle), and don't mumble when talking or overly apologize or be passive aggressive. It's not about being "super confident," just more about presenting yourself as being an adult who can hold adult conversations with people.
My five pound cat doesn't have the ability to judge her reactions of clawing me if I rub her the wrong wat.
They're trolls.
The Professional Left, Supernatural The Crossroads, Dead Authors Podcast,
steampunk= waterpunk was a bit of a joke. I really, really like this take on it as steampunk is so overdone and really cheesy a lot of the time.
but I don't know what I'm going to do yet.
Are we talking about Colbert or Joe Howard playing George Frankly? Honestly, I'd listen to either on NPR.
It looks like slave princess Baldrick
I'm here to chew gum and invade Poland, and I'm all out of bubblegum.
This is based on a movie from the 40s with Ingrid Bergman, Charles Boyer, and Joseph Cotten. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ToLfQU2xmg Also Angela Lansbury's first movie ever. She's like 16 here. -- I get... frustrated with this concept. My mom is constantly getting gaslighted by her husband, and even worse, she has some legitimate post-brain tumor memory issues. But he still uses her to put her down just manipulate her in order to boost his own ego. It's slightly more complicated than regular negging/downputting/emotional manipulation. The concept is that someone is actively trying to convince another person that they're insane/incapable of rational thought/emotions for their own selfish reasons.
I think context is key here. Prior to Pedowitz was Dawn Ostroff. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dawn_Ostroff Around S6-7, she was actively trying to rebrand the channel as a teenaged girls' angst channel, and pushing their more popular shows off (like SPN) to make room for that kind of market including trying to push SPN onto Friday with a very low budget in order to kill it off (part of Gamble's problems was lack of budget). That's why we got things like The Carrie Dairies. Pedowitz is directly talking about the mistakes Ostroff had made by targeting that audience, and then the rest of the world labelling/dismissing it as "a young girls' network." Yes, he could have stated it better, but that's the real point of reference here. He was trying to re-rebrand it back up to men and women (yes, back to mostly men) with SPN helping a lot on that area, but now going to more of a DC on CW channel that could be inclusive for women and men and hit the superheroes trend while it was red hot.
120 years- you think the Spanish American War just fought itself?
Jared and Jensen introduced JDM to his future wife, and they've since had a kid together. He might not be in that clique, but they're very tight. Jensen definitely sees JDM as some sort of larger than life not-quite father figure.
My cat had to spend a week at my grandma's. I finally got the cat home, we're hanging out, and I realize that she smells like grandma and not my cat. I was slightly peeved.
I totally get what you're saying- that Star Trek is the epitome of utopia scifi and should strive to be so- where all of the "problems" are external and not internal. That was actually one of the negative critiques of DS9 at the time- that it was too dark, too outside of the scope of what Roddenberry wanted to do. But we, in our culture, need the internal tension as well as the internal. We need to pluck at the threads of our assumptions and happiness in order to tell good stories. It doesn't have to be an absolute self reflecting belly button naval gazing out into the universe, but DS9 found a solid middle ground of shaking up the axioms of Trek while also solidifying those ideal tenets.
Oh I get that. but it's the weird "everything is bunnies and sunshine" world viewpoint in a movie that features a pretty kickass woman character who is both designed to be the perfect sexpot AND ALSO subverting her culture's expectations of how she should act and be solely based on how she's drawn.
Could be, but I also heard it disseminated out on the web as well somewhere. That also could have been Tiki, so I didn't want to presume it was just one person.
You mean you just have to take 5 extra minutes to rewrite something to make a plot fit the character? Like, let's see. Cole is back home from the war. He's having emotional issues, gets up from a nightmare to find the same scene. He's 23-23 at the time, capable of fighting, but just shuts down, because of the scene. Ten years later, he's back, and is completely dedicated to hunting down Dean at age.... 34 ish.
Puking on pork rings must be the absolute worst.
Ah, yes. Rosemary's Baby. The story of a mother to be carrying the anti-Christ and usher in the Apocalypse.
You're completely wrong about the interviews. TDS is completely underrated for its interviews, and one of the few shows that feature academic and authors at all on television.
Why is Samuel Colt not the gunsmith??!
If anything, Supernatural back in the day felt more like Hellblazer than Constantine did.
And the tobacco industry never engaged in propaganda
The metaphor doesn't quite work as all apples will rot on their own given enough time, and has nothing to do with ethics or morals as well. It's a simplified metaphor, but we can't take it too deep.
*Pearl of Great Price
So wait. Ned Ryerson is Gabriel?!
It's not my problem if other people don't get a parody reference and most people outside of the state aren't going to see it in the first place. Airing our dirty laundry is assinine. People already think we're homophobic rednecks who think Obama is an atheist secret Muslim Kenyan Usurper and are tots cool with Phelps. Showing people that we're not by mocking the bigotry is actually showing that we are addressing our problems by confronting them, not pretending that they don't exist. Also the bumper stickers might actually predate Brownback, but I can't remember for sure.
When has Dean ever exhibited a normal circadian rhythm?
GEDean is Sam's beta?
And They Live is a movie and not a game.
Coralville-Iowa City are so gay, they've been in a domestic relationship for decades.
Singer once laughed that he suddenly realized Genevieve and Jared were a couple during those scenes. "Jared's a good actor, but he's not that good." Also this show somehow managed to get away with some.... Ironic sex scenes with Sam and Madison, a werewolf.
Uff.. I was all for it right up until the rape/underage tags :(
"Em," said Sam, trying to work out what to say next.
Anything would be better than disquis.
As someone who had to learn English first with the smudging issue and then the Arabic alphabet later, I can attest that it's completely different and was absolutely loving how much easier and enjoyable it is not having to fight against the paper With that said, you have no idea what you're talking about, and your smug attitude about this is highly obnoxious. There are so many more issues and aspects about this topic m, and your blatant dismissal is asshole-ish at best.
So does those other countries with maternity leave.
But first you have to burn through all of your sick/vacation time before you can get fmla.
The Studfather. In this version, it's a decapitated human head in the stall
The same stats that had Kerry ahead at the polling stations in Ohio, but still had Bush winning?
We do a pretty half-assed job of it from what I"ve seen.
Harry Potter didn't actually fix his culture. The multi-generational fascistic tendencies of upper class, wealthy pure blood wizards and witches were left wholly intact without a massive cultural overhaul to really kill that ethos. The war didn't win so much as just everyone got exhausted and basically stopped fighting. Voldemort was a symbol, not a leader. The next generation will just start up again with their new "dark wizard," because they really don't give a shit who the leader is just as long as he's saying the right things.
This is what happens when people try to apply capitalistic economic worth onto human beings. Also when they confuse capitalism onto society. None of these things are the same in the least, and yet an entire political party has spent the last 80 years trying to convince people to think of other people in terms of economic worth or drain. It's insidious.
Are left handed people performing oomox with children? You decide.
Israeli archaeology is highly, highly politicized from multiple spectrums of groups. I don't know if there's a more complex system out there for the area.
You're comparing people to your drain. Classy.
&gt;Re: Jessica teaching Sam to eat healthy. I want to reject that one because I love the concept of lil Sammy striving to differentiate himself from his family by what food he eats. This links up to /u/laurellestars' thing about Sam &amp; eating/food : I definitely wouldn't put eating habits and/or diet past Sam as serving a psychologically stabilizing purpose for one reason or another (&amp; then it getting out of hand into extremes). Sam is the Lisa Simpson of the Supernatural world. &gt;I think Sam's someone who feels the ground shifting underfoot a lot &amp; needs either a person or a thing to fixate upon to set him steady. Academic excellence, Jess &amp; Dean were/are all functional people/things to depend on for Sam, but rob him of those things, he kinda goes off the deep end: addiction, neurotic control over food maybe but definitely neurotic control over hunting &amp; whatnot -- Mystery Spot, hooking up with Ruby, etc. Ruby gave him the same foundation that Jess and Dean gave him, but she twisted it to her own wants. Even Amelia had that same kind of "take charge of Sam's life" aspect about her a bit. Sam wants someone to be in the driver's seat, but he's also stubborn as a Mule (when he gets this way, I call him Samule), and will donkey kick people he rejects as unworthy of being in that role. Meg screwed up the first time they met by trying to have Sam lead them. If she had taken charge and started bossing him around, he very well might have gone to LA with her.
What? No. I mean, it'd cooler if she went up against a genius tactician than the guy who just rages hulks out to fight.
No, because Sam just full on lied to Dean about Ruby's identity. He didn't have to, and he could have explained almost everything to a certain degree. That's what I mean. By then, he'd already started on this bad path even before Dean was brought back. Also he'd already drank that nurse by the time he got the fake message.
So what you're saying is that Brendan Fraser should have stuck to being the basketball player?
It's happened in the past, when people were trying to pass as white. More rarer were people passing as a minority. Sometimes to get married, sometimes not.
The only kid to ever win at "too slow."
I think it's, like, a simile.
So the Dexter Morgan approach to cooking? When I make pie dough, I use wax paper as a tarp. Makes cleaning up 90% easier.
This is the key to those Spielberg movies. They took the movies seriously. It wasn't some stupid cash grab or quickie flick fest designed to get in and out. Indy is a perfect example. There was real intellectual fervor and discourse to back up the movie. It wasn't about the ark of the covenant, it was about competing philosophies in academia and especially archaeology (The nature of things, the adoration of things, the weaponization of things, etc). And that's barely in the movie about gun fights and whips and Nazis. You could tell that Indy was a cowboy archaeologist (an actual thing) who knew his shit on an academic level. Same with Jurassic Park. It's not just cloning dinos, shit happens. They go into the process of how it happens. The science and science fiction backs up the plot (nevermind it doesn't work in reality), and then the dinos run amok. The discussion about the watch in Raiders (why is something important historically?) is roughly on the level of the cartoon in JP. Why does this science work given what we know about 1990s ancient DNA studies? Okay, frogs. You're emotionally and academically invested in both of these things, and then get involved with the action stuff. It's not enough just to rest on Nazis being baddies, we need to know what they're going to do with the ark, and why it's important on an academic level beyond even that. That's where a lot the sequels and cheap movies fail. They don't sit down, work out the internal dynamics of a story and why something would work in a story, and then build from there. Instead they just "Dinos kill, rampage. Indy flies into a video game plot. Shit happens. Jokes Happen. Done."
No, it's okay when it's done well; like semi-colons. But it's an easier way to build drama and tension without having to write an entire paragraph to convey the same feelings/mood. "Dean was thoroughly tired on the motel bed. What was he going to do now? Sam was gone." "Dean was thoroughly tired on the motel bed. He had been in too many motel rooms to not find a distraction. The lamps, the bible, the cheap furniture. One time, he and Sam pulled up a carpet up off a floor as kids. Just to see what was beneath. Dean knew motel rooms. He just... didn't know where Sam was, wasn't in a position to find him. Stuck in yet another motel room."
Trapped in the closet ~~wardrobe~~
1) Acquire Gold Pressed Latinum 2) Profit!
I get that. It's like the movie wanted to be an environmental indictment against overfishing coupled with his career. Then suddenly realized that an even better story revolved around how his childhood was just horrible and it further strained his relationship with his sons.
Oedipus rekt
now I know why Central Perk did so well.
It does look better than past models, but it's still in that "What are you being paid for?!" category.
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! JIBCON REPRESENTATION!\\\ You should wear an FND button and pass out business cards
............................................ That's not the right link. http://io9.com/this-is-why-having-a-pet-dinosaur-is-just-like-having-a-1711325287 This is the right link
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lma9b9Rva81qedbtp.gif
It's not so much his use of religion as much as what excuse he can spin from any area to justify his batshit crazy views on things.
It was also a lot of courtroom drama and misdirection. Simpson was specifically told by his attorneys to make his hands as big as possible and struggle to get thrm on to show that they didn't fit whether or not they actually did.
That's pretty specious. I'd really want data to back that up, because I'm talking about fairly deep time relationships that aren't necessarily tied to a more modern timeframe.
This isn't exactly the same population set up as it would have been traditionally as they're all immigrants in a completely foreign country with even more limited access to potential mates than before. Also there might be a couple people with genetic disorders in the original population which would create a founder effect scenario. There are many issues beyond simple genetics when it comes to these kinds of results. I'm not saying that's what happened here, but it's not always an easy way to extrapolate this kind of result and compare it easily to historic trends and demographic information.
I thought it was a better version of Cas fixing Demon Dean
I always wanted to see a Seinfeld episode where Newman was the lead, the episode followed his life for a day, and Seinfeld was his arch nemesis. They could even do a mock title opening, and call the show "Hello, Newman!" only all bright and cheery.
So he's the anti-Batman?
That's fine. Too bad about the time crunch. Just let us know what's going on.
It's not an exercise in utilitarianism like most people are treating this. Pick whatever you want, and it's really nice to see some variety here.
Sure, if there was one sub of horrible people, but Reddit is just loaded with them.
Now I want a C is for Cookie death metal cover.
Well, fuck. Why not square that circle by going a full 3/5s.
This is the David Brooks moral argument for statistic reasoning. It's not a structural problem that preys on disenfranchised people who lack resources and social help to get ahead, it's the fault of unwed mothers to blame for black men having a one out of three chance for going to prison.
Sanguine doesn't look right? It looks more French than Latin, and even then I'm not sure about the ablative declension.
&gt;The pervasive lack of attention to childcare for female faculty at an institution run by childless, male, Catholic priests I feel like that might be less traditional sexism and more completely and daft oversight. Priests aren't exactly in the area of "oh, people have kids and need to have childcare, because that's either my or my coworkers' experiences." It very well could be a little too abstract/out of their purview- like I could see nuns having that sentiment. Not the hardcore leftwing nuns on the bus types, but the more sedate ones.
All of the psychic kids were supposed to go evil sooner or later. Sam going hardcore could have been spun off as an extension of that theme plus Azazel just like fucking with people. Sam was also supposed to be the one who got Dean out of hell, but it's probably better that he hadn't as it was too much of a power boost. Kripke also said Ruby was written as going to be bad from Magnificent Seven (her intro ep), so the entire plot run for her was deliberately set up as a double agent.
My Etruscan field school professor would joke that half of all Italian antiquities are in the attics of farmers. You can't really get mad at farmers out plowing their fields (unlike say construction and urban spread). Their entire lives revolve around these fields as did probably their ancestors before them.
So go full mpaa fining on them? I could be cool with that.
I can see the issue of Dean becoming "evil, so he's going to act like a douche." The problem is that he wasn't really evil and the red pill aspect of "being evil" failed completely and utterly. He just came off a mid90s brodouche where the only thing was the barbed wire tat and frosted tips.
Ugh. There is something kind of skeevy about this post.
http://archiveofourown.org/works/4162815 I was going to post this here, but this turned into a 3500 word copy/response to this essay.
Please be Jensen Ackles please be Jensen Ackles
It's painful that gogo boots, minidress, secretary Lt. Uhura was a better character and feminist icon than her modern day counterpart. Or whatever blonde Dr. Barbie.the other actress was.
This is how women get just flat out murdered. In many countries where it's somewhat condoned, but also on individual levels where domestic partners just lose their shit and start spouting on about honor and fidelity and whatever floats into their brains to justify domestic violence.
That's some unfortunate irony.
"Hey, fuck Carl." "What are you talking about? Carl's awesome. You don't listen to the mean man. I mean, if you want to pick on someone, go after Lenny."
I love that he's androgynous, but it's not default-male androgyny. He's a man who loves to mix and match his androgyny.
I"d love to see someone ask what all of their future post-SPN plans are. Also when the show ended, if Jared and Jensen would do another project together, and what they'd be interested in doing.
Carver was in a perfect position to retconn her into being brainwashed/fucked up by Naomi and went off the deep end. That would have fixed everything about that plot and made Naomi that more scary.
No, I mean it's way, way more Dark Shadows fanfic than it is SPN.
but how could I ever poop properly without that cup of yogurt?
No, I get that. You feel legitimately like he's oversharing. What I'm saying is that I just don't even register it when parents are doing parent-y things around kids that might be considered oversharing of privacy. It also might have been the household I was raised in. My parents were/are nurses, so I have a really lax view on stuff (so many disgusting topics during dinners).
That's... not quite the same thing? There are real medical ethical issues with video taping addicts messed up on drugs. There's a vulnerability of consent there that's lacking/different than with children. Also youtube is just full of parents taping their kids doing something ridiculously potty-related.
None of them are enemies. They're animals and carnivores. This is literally how they survive, especially given the lycine deficiency. If they do not eat everyday, they are going to die and not from starvation.
South Africa in general. When I was a kid, it was almost on par with North Korea- maybe worse, because nobody talked about Korea outside of MASH (the 80s). Now after the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and its economy just booming, it's become a model of post-conflict countries being successful and spreading domestic peace with a solid democracy.
It's not just the face, but also her polite manner. Plus who knows what else just happened. For all we know, another hostess quit that night and they were going to be super short staffed.
Not that I know of. And that's interesting that we haven't heard anything yet.
I have no idea, and it's not the only Christian based news website that covers Supernatural. I guess it's because it's bible fan fiction?
Try I university on itunes. Lots of solid actual science classes recorded
It's not even imperialistic economies. It's those in power with capital and power (political or otherwise) to crush their competition. It could be any system with inherent imbalances where one group of people work and often times collude to make sure that the economy works in their favor especially against those who don't have any of those resources. That's not always how they all collapse either. Other things can trigger it: natural disasters, disease, external invasion, internal strife or upheaval, on and on.
I've done Roman and Arabic scripts as a leftie. There's no comparison when you're not having to push the pen. Able to pull instead of push is far and away much easier.
We just don't teach it much or delve all that deep. The most famous example here is probably the Irish Potato famine, and that's only probably remembered because so many immigrated here, so there's familial history. Even then it's not really taught as a part or colonial past and failures. For most people, it's probably more about potato crop failures and maybe some rent issues with the land.
Native Americans were especially brutalized in the nineteenth century, but Jackson stands out out as maybe the worst of the bunch.
http://www.alternet.org/drugs/southern-states-outlaw-syringe-exchanges-used-prevent-disease?page=0%2C1
Oh he's way more than that. He easily could be stated as the one who pulled the strings to stop the apocalypse by manipulating and weaponizing the Winchesters with the real plan being he's the only political figurehead left after Sam and Dean destroy everyone else.
I'm in Kansas myself- pm me if you want to share where you're going or what area you'll be in or for more information. Think of Kansas specifically as being a bit hotter than Italy (Tuscany area) in the summer, but pretty comparable. It can get below 0 Fahrenheit in the winters, but is generally about 20 degrees. It usually doesn't snow, but we can get snow and ice. Generally, bring (or buy) a solid coat for super cold as you'll want it here and also in Canada. Buy clothes that will get you through at least the first month if not 2~3 months. You'll want to take things back with you, so you'll be better off just travelling light-ish, and kitting out here. As it's an environmental immersion class, I'm assuming it's mostly outside. Get a boonie hat and use the strongest sunblock you can find here ~spf50 with zinc preferably. Also get a water bottle (absolute must) and cheap t-shirts that you can toss when you're done for the season. If you're bending over a lot, hit the spot on your lower back between your pants and shirts with block. Trust me, horrible place to get burned. You'll want decent socks and fantastic walking shoes/boots. Something you'll want to want to walk several miles in. You can get things here obviously, but if you have a brand preference, you're better investing there and just bringing them over.
Kitty claw scratches
CAN I RECOMMEND A PODFIC AND/OR PODCAST?! http://www.reddit.com/r/fandomnatural/wiki/resources#wiki_supernatural_podfics Litra fics are solid. Mimbyxpimby (sp) also solid except NOT 10000 Miles Also if you're into podcasts, why not the Kim Rhodes interview on Crossroads or the Erik Kripke or the Ben Edlund interviews by the writers guild podcast.
Fit and style are two different things. Looser/ skinnier jeans go in and out of fashion, but correctly sized/fitting clothing matters the most.
Yes. The real issue here is the Greek people's lack of work ethic and care for personal consequence. The Greeks definitely gamed a lot of their system, but there's far, far to it than assuming that they're being lazy and indolent. That's not even an issue at all here. So far you've made two posts and slammed/implied personal negative assumptions for both of them while trying to dictate some kind of economic moral Malthusian system here isn't helping anyone. Edit added a sentence
That's assuming you're falling towards Earth and not completely away from it. Of course that's also assuming that one can fall in space to begin with.
I love the Ferengis. They are completely honest with themselves and others. You always know where you stand with them, and that's at a disadvantage. But dudes who pull this bullshit turn into little bitches and are completely affronted and insulted when called out for their bullshit. They want their privileges and the "real victimization of white middle class, het males" as well. Because they are the real victims here, not the females.
At this point l, it's probably best not to tweet him anything at the moment until he can, at the very least, sort everything out with the police and not just get destroyed with 80 million new tweets all supporting him.
Nono. I mean he's getting buried in tweets right now
Of course. But they're honest about their lying and cheating- their entire economic-religious structure is built upon it. They're honest about the game they play, not how they play it.
I actually recommend that you read some books on it and watch some PBS Frontline episodes that cover it. I lived through it as an adult and so many younger adults just don't know the nuts and bolts of what really happened even 10 years ago.
?? DS9 had some of the best women characters ever in scifi from leads to barely recurring characters. Keiko was the only I really couldn't stand )outside of one butterfly eyes chick whom I'm keeping vague as Stop hasn't seen it yet), but everyone else was stellar.
I almost want there to be a show on NPR called "The Least Serious Show On NPR."
Right up until he gets caught in Farmer Macgregor's briar patch
Absolutely not. We're very cool and often have the best discussions on canon and fandom on reddit. Here's our discussion on the charges that women characters on the show get fridged: http://www.reddit.com/r/fandomnatural/comments/3ab592/the_vanishing_ladies_of_supernatural/ I wrote the linked ao3 copy response that turned into its own motw length.
"ready player 2"
Uhhhhh.... and it's hosted by John Hodgman I would watch this show in a heartbeat.
KCK was who was trying to set up the regulations with them already working on KCMO. So they basically wink wink nudged their customers to pretend to be kcmo customers through a workaround while decrying that they were the victims here.
There's a movie from the 50s called A Face in the Crowd with Andy Griffith. Fantastic movie about the birth and fall of a celebrity turned political tour de force. There's maybe no better encapsulation of what happened during the Romney campaign and the 47% than A Face in the Crowd. Of course, the real moral of the Romney Campaign is "don't piss off the people who make your food."
Yeah, but that one was really fucked up, unnecessarily cruel, and came from someone/a group pretty high up the fandom food chain.
Now we're getting into the dregs of this fandom a bit. Also I don't have a less vitriolic lomk than this at the moment: http://hisproudyang.tumblr.com/post/96724372644/j2-tinhats-and-the-damage-done Basically at the 10th anniversary get-together for the show, a group of fans got everyone on the show shot glasses. Everyone but Misha and (I didn't know this bit) Mark. Misha didn't take it well, and it was clear he felt rather sad about it to where even Jared was angry that Misha got snubbed. The big prank completely backfired, people were pissed, and the well known Misha haters group said it was an honest mistake and rushed out a replacement and acted all affronted when called out on it-like they were the real victims on all of this.
"From now on, we're converting everything from metric to imperial. Also we fucked up by not licensing numbers for American distribution, so we're working out a way to broadcast series 1-289."
And his other show: America's Porniest Home Videos.
His bigoted tears of shame feed me so.
I'd open my legs if I was a chick, but I'd judge any woman who actually does so.
Oops , I munselled it again. I colored your chart.
Uber strong armed itself into Kansas City, and started acting like assholes when the city pushed back.
Sorry, man. Most of us Catholics burned out on popcornz centuries ago.
/r/Dixiequeer has been having an interesting two weeks
"Dear Eric, I'm writing you this note. Hopefully, you get it before this paper starts to disintegrate in the wat-adg;ahg;ahgadhagnadnvccc..============"
The fairy was making a point. Overkill, but she wasn't just a self-absorbed, red pilling douchebag. The asylum head was corrupt, yes, it was very much a business transaction. Gaston was just a massive douchebag who had everything wrapped around his own ego and self worth and destroyed other people's lives just so he could prove how manlyly he was.
No, you don't.
For me, it was yesterday with Obamacare
This is what needs to be done. Call Brownback's bluff and then go full Leslie.Knope on him.
No, not nullify, transform and record. You're in the perfect position to record and research these changes in rl as they're happening. That's a gold mine for academic research.
I'd much rather it be Jackson, but there it is. The most powerful country in the world has often been at the forefront of setting social issues and changing international policy. We might be slow to start that change on a political front, but we often set the precedent when we do. On top of that, we are also very vocal about our internal domestic social fights and changes, which might make us look weak internationally. We do, however, look that much stronger, because we can show that we have the freedom to discuss social policy so loudly while also highlighting those changes when they do come. Many other countries that criticize us not to genuinely criticize us, but to score real politick points on the international setting while brutally cracking down on dissension, speech, and social issues in their own. This might make them look "strong" according to your viewpoint, but it actually makes then incredibly weak without a brutal regime and military to enforce their power. Wtf is going on? Well, that's the unicorn rainbow boner cum of freedom, baby. Confederate flags being ostracized and gay marriage in less than a week? This is like my fucking birthday.
Gray team changes colors to white. Becomes terrorist organization.
No, I get that he was politicked in that had nothing to do with his abilities, but in an ironic use of affirmative action that had nothing to do with his actual abilities and everything to do with the GOP wanting a person that hit a specific agenda on their part. But he'd never once admit to any of that- that he didn't just bootstrap his way in. In some ways, he reminds me of Richard Kind playing the teacher in Kimmie Schmidt who wanted to do les than the bare minimum at his job so he could just sit around in the room doing nothing at all.
Sigh. Fine. &gt;People who don't fit in well with society have a hard time surviving clearly. Sometimes, yes. Sometimes, no. It's based on which particular society we're talking about and what exactly is keeping said people from "fitting in." For a biological example, dwarfism is something that can be and has been selected against on a social level for people with the condition. We can see the demographic rates fall in cultures that are more negative against it while rates tend to rise and then level out in cultures that aren't negative against them as they can more easily find viable mates. None of this has anything to do with gays in culture. Darwinism has nothing to do with LGBT rates on a biological level as many other human traits do no correlate in areas of "fitness" in a biological setting. That's the difference between humans and many other species. We are not bound by the same biological stresses on fitness and reproduction as other animals are based on multiple factors including self-awareness, access to food storage and shelter, and society. Social Darwinism is a bullshit term that has nothing to do with Darwin, and was used to do a lot of super shitty things in the name of "science." &gt;I'm all for equal rights as far as marriage and benefits go for all people but now we are talking about people not getting jobs and being discriminated against. Where is this going? Civil liberties go both ways. Nobody said anything at all about not getting jobs or being discriminated against in vague, undefined terms. You are just making stuff up, because you are a butthurt troll, because people are both not taking you seriously as well as destroying your sentiments with very little effort. Keep trying to string polysyllabic words together you find in an Anth 102 textbook, and maybe you'll hit something accurate or relevant.
I'm a moderate feminist. You'd be surprised at what people don't want to hear or even acknowledge during these discussions on reddit, because then it ruins the vibe.
&gt;For instance, WinchesterBros constantly interacts with fans I would personally label as "so very ugly." No, they have very high members in their group who say some shady shit, it's not just interacting with fans who do the same. They set the tone and precedent, and others just go along with it.
Super short post here. Or that biology only boils down to Darwinian evolution when things are much m, much more complicated than that. Even evolution itself is more complicated than Darwinian evolution, and that's not even accounting for humans or culture.
Some tribes were fighting for the French some for the British.
Africa is a country was painfully funny.
three figgy
Because people get their self preferences wrapped up around their ego. It's not enough to just not like something on a preference level, no, everyone else who likes that thing is also wrong to like it.
Shorter, but they always pad the outtakes with music, so they seem longer in general.
Quit trying to change the subject distance and deflect from the actual discussion topic here by trying to invoke "well, if everyone was guilty then nobody was guilty." the issue here is not of the history of slavery. The real issue is given the current sociopolitical climate of the south in its current system, how does it use the confederate flag and its interpretation of its history for current attitudes and biases found in the south. Those other discussions can and have been done multiple times, but that's not the issue here at hand.
She should call social services and the local ywca for information.
Get your canon shit together, people. You have one job here, and that's to tell a coherent story without laziness, bad writing, stupid retcons, and whiffle bat level research.
Then you have Bob Newhart, who is considered his own straightman.
Funny thing about Latin. There are more Latin speakers in the world than Finnish, so Finland has a radio station that broadcasts Finnish news in Latin.
That's not always an option for everyone.
I told you fma is insidiously endearing
Comb your hair forward (think Trump forward), then take a pick or side of a comb, and weave a zigzag pattern on the top of your hair. Pull the hair apart gently, and the zig zag will follow the pattern in your part.
Which would go away in about three years when a new crop of kids coming in don't really know how a chicken nugget is supposed to taste like.
I'm going off what she's telling us. It's not shit to state that people need act as adults in these situations. that he wants to claim it all her fault for everything while demanding more sex is a pretty big dick move. People are entitled to their emotions, but that doesn't give them carte blanche to act out however they want just because something is stressful.
The new Password is "Rainbow"
I've been a huge Holmes fan since the 80s, and I found BBC's Sherlock to be a little too fan nodding. The references are cute, but they shouldn't be the big highlight of the show. THe biggest problem, however, is that Moffatt and the writers don't seem to understand that Holmes and Watson work best when the characters revolve around the mysteries instead of the mysteries revolving around the characters. Once they started down that road of "do we really need a fully formed mystery?" then the entire quality dropped hard.
This is what we've come to. Bracketing brackets bracketing everything not brackets.
It also seemed like it ran along the same lines as Thor's hammer and Vision only instead of being impossible to pick up, it just flat out murdered anyone unworthy. They were using it as a way to stop a bad guy intend on destroying everything instead of for ambition or malevolent uses. Coupled with two people with heavy pedigrees and that everyone joined up as a chain of self sacrifice and protecting the world, and it just allowed everyone to survive using it.
Sandman series right now. Start with book one and keep going. Even it you have to power through the first one keep going.
Except it's a proven marketing gimmick that's pissed off fans for at least 15 years. It's the dlc of comic books l- you have to buy that one 3 issue of Blackwing just to know what's being set up in the big blow out of DC that year.
That's when you go over to the bartender and explain what's happening. If they have a bouncer, that dick will be out flat on his ass. The bar doesn't want cops around either with word getting around that chicks are getting assaulted on their property.
Speaking of, Kansas City is about to be the next big boom town with google fiber and really cheap housing with a growing interest in the area.
The old days were when it was new and I was in high school.....
Matt Smith came off like I was watching a very exuberant 12 year old cosplaying, but couldn't quite get over the fact that he was always playing the Doctor. But the plots tended to get a little too timey whimy with very little depth to them. I also couldn't stand Amy Pond. Rory was my favorite of the three, but him and Pond were a matched set. I didn't really start with the new one even though I love the actor, because I couldn't connect with either Moffatt's Who or Sherlock, so I'm waiting for the new headwriter at this point.
Jackson is the closest president we've had to committing straight up genocide.
For example, Johnny Carson was deeply introverted, but you wouldn't know it with his job.
I'm not really noon tumblr, but I find it being used all the time on reddit to dismss their concerns as well as a way to ignore these specific issues in general
Building castles in the sky
Her entire support network outside of work are just total douchebags. Not a single one of them actually care about her and her career. They are more than willing to be complete shits about undermine her place and her stresses even as they accept massive gifts from her job. She should have dumped every single one of them m, and gotten much better friends and partners.
&gt;I know they enforce some retarted rules, but seriously? Fucking quichebags
Swastikas still found in other countries on top of Isis being a solid 3-4 thousand years old. She'll be fine. It's like saying Wagner's music won't ever be played because of his fascism ties. It's getting more popular all the time.
Isis: The Egyptian baddass goddess and literal power of the throne.
You give not enough credit for most religious people. It's easy to dismiss an entire group when you lump them all together, and define them as a minority part of that group of which is some of the worst. It also undermines your intelligence denunciation when you have blatant writing mistakes.
Because Nixon has been reincarnated as this weird pop culture figure with few younger people understanding Watergate let alone the shadier shit he did at the time. Even more Bizarro, he's become this figure for the left!!! As people push him as some liberal icon instead of understanding that he's being used as a watermark for just how far the right has gone.
As an archeologist, History Channel's facts and shows were always a bit dodgy. They were good intro stuff, but it wasn't hard to grow out of them very fast. It's just that it went off the deep end of stupidity and nuts a few years ago, and they look that much worse in comparison.
There's always a weird vibe when IOT covers something feminist. I wish they'd have covered more on her research and philosophy than her biography and (scandalous!) partners.
I've blown more than a few teenager minds by telling them that R2D2 and C3PO were the leads of the first three movies.
Especially someone like Ben Bradlee. The guy's a legend.
Taboos aren't really laws though
Stormpilot is the big new ship right now. It's Derelikt hot everywhere.
You seem like a single ply kind of guy. Padding isn't just an aesthetic thing, but provides extra support and keeping things in place. Sure, I could"settle" for no padding, but then I'd lose so much of what I look for in bras-support and comfort. Fortunately, I've got the shoulders to support my chest or I could be more prone to back pain like my grandmother. Even then my bra preferences always include some padding of some type, especially as they tend to be more durable and long lasting for my needs.
"I may or may not have killed all your couslings."
Okay, Ron Swanson
You can pretty much ignore anyone using the term "feminazi."
Or the episode where all of the men are having to squash their emotions by showing the chain of teaching that trait and then several of them rejecting for their own reasons
Yes, and then Galavant taught that to his squire without thinking about it. It really can be a vicious cycle.
May the fiber be with you.
Joe was the US ambassador to England in the first part of the war, but was maybe the worst ambassador ever. Fortunately they got an amazing replacement with John Gilbert Winant.
There's nobody really there checking for veracity or small errors or accuracy in the way a regular paper or magazine would be run. There's some oversight, but not really.
I think he's upgraded to at least the intermediate pack.
The next movie is definitely make or break for this go around
Family Guy has a lot of weird, shock jokes like this. Quagmire alone hits the bingo card of rape and sexual assault.
Black sororities. The PanHellenic (I"m assuming those are the more mainstream ones) would probably not accept African Americans back then for the most part.
Which other way around?
I was specifically talking about royal children so I'm not sure if they doe rbar.
Ah, yes. Target's 10 year long obsession with trying to sell t-shirts to women that were originally designed for manatees. "This hole in my back would be for my dorsal fin... IF I HAD ONE."
[this horror that was everywhere about 2011](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-5IByPyyB2bM/UbUrJVJB37I/AAAAAAAAAok/gCbR9PhaOno/s1600/Tiffany+Chevron.jpg)
phallustines
And I’m proud to be an American, where at least I know I’m free. As I wrap myself in the flag of the good ol' confederacy And I gladly stand up, up against you and defend Jim Crow today. ‘ Cause there ain’t no doubt I love this land, God bless the d-i-x-i-e
Maybe the first time ever where England was considered the victim of China's bullying during the 1800s
He's redditing. Which means he can use his hands on his phone at the same time
http://imgur.com/n2gFKFa Y'all need the Winchesters
Most people are going for 13, because of the number. I'd definitely be fine with 13.
Right, which is why you now have a lawyer to handle these details.
Gangster No 1 had a single person fight scene. Well, more of a torture scene.
That might have been their intent, but they're not even close to them. The WBC is full of very well educated people, mostly lawyers m, but also higher up local and state employees. The church members were much more along the lines of that Appalachian Baptist types whose grandfathers and great uncles ran around with the klan.
Fun fact, JD's brother is the guy in the wheelchair in Flash
Vegas was totally cool with black performers like Nat King Cole. They just couldn't use their facilities, eat, or stay in their hotels for the most part. Also King had direct instructions not to look at any white woman in the face. Sammy could use the pool, but they'd immediately drain it, and fill it back up with new water each time.
She's also bipolar, and SW gave her a severe eating disorder. It's amazing that she didn't end up like Karen Carpenter.
Cocaine's been around forever in Hollywood. There were jokes about it in silent movies. My guess is that she called up Cary Grant, because he either had friends into it or had done it himself, and was a good person to talk to about the pitfalls of cocaine Hollywood. Fun fact: Hollywood sent a lot of their stars and some of their kids to Menningers in Topeka, because it had a reputation for being completely tight lipped about who went there as well as being built on a much more positive and rehabilitative therapy than the traditional ones at the time. I know a few names that got slipped out over the years, but never from former employees.
[Here's a picture of Ur asses](http://static8.depositphotos.com/1007963/847/i/950/depositphotos_8479485-Ancient-sumerian-artifact-known-as-The-Standard-of-Ur.jpg)
All languages have memes and jokes and informality. Sometimes they last, mostly they don't. Sometimes they become mainstream. Your fear of de-evolution of languages (whatever that means) into grunts and memes is never going to happen. We're more than capable of handling complexity and humor and complex humor whether it's based on Shakespeare or a meme. We're going to be okay.
Same was said with split infinitives, and yet Star Trek almost single handedly made that okay.
Would you accept Deadpool2: Electric Bobaloo?
Yeah, but nobody knows why.
Spargo sounds like the name of a band. Next he'll be changing this story on Wikipedia where they crashed his backstage party.
You forgot the devil and the 1927 flood.
It was very much a 70s thing when drinking and driving was considered to be about on the same level as littering.
I'd say up to the early 90s
Beyond the Thundersdome felt like it shifted from 1970s acid anarchy to a 1980s Amblin Spielberg kiddie flick.
Oh good. Because those two need more mytharc EPs.
Feed the birds, tuppance a bag
A lot of this was glam rock in general. Bowie was definitely the trendsetter though.
Actually women would generally get married in their late teens, early 20s after menses started (usually about 15~16). It was far more uncommon for younger teenagers to get married, and that was generally for political reasons. Also most political marriages had contracts and dowries attached to the marriage contract that made it so underaged girls (pre puberty) would remain protected and a virgin until they hit puberty.
["That's efficiency"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWkkxgRi3fE)
She's definitely better looking than Peter Cook.
No, that's the American news reporter accent
Darwin has nothing to do with"downfalls" white people or not.
Should we focus on this war that's been building up for decade? No, lets camp out in the forest for a few months until everyone in that tent including the reader just absolutely hates everyone else.
Something else that doesn't get mentioned much is that what looked fantastic on a theater screen go shrunk to television size without much care to that particular version. The first xmen movie had the same problem where it was amazing huge, but had cut and paste looks on DVD.
My grandfather was city manager for decades in his town, and he'd made sure to keep all the streets going on way and all avenues going the opposite. A few months after he retired, someone named a tiny new street the wrong designation, and he about hulked out.
[Bruce](http://www.figurerealm.com/userimages/customs/500/492-1.jpg)
Reddit has a massive hard on against civil forfeiture except in the case of refugees. Taking their assets and then limiting their ability to travel, work, etc is asking for more poverty and crime.
Missouri has some of the loosest alcohol laws in the nation. Iirc, they even allow open carry.
For me, Voldemort came off more as a figurehead for the real powerbase- upper class pureblood fascists who didn't care who led the overthrow as long as they were the only ones left. Voldemort wasn't the first bad wizard, and it kind of came off that he wouldn't be the last. A few bad guys ended up in Azkaban, but the books never really did deal with the politically and financially powerful who still had those same beliefs, but weren't caught.
Magneto wants internal segregation and advocates the use of lethal violence. Xavier wants integration and tries to limit use of violence (he's definitely not nonviolent). It's roughly the difference between peaceful resistance and violent resistance.
There was a movie on him back in the 90s. I never saw it, but I knew about the movie.
People were saying that there'd never be an African American president in our lifetime in 2004. There was even a House episode on it. Things change in America, and they change quick.
He was a Catholic at the time when Catholics were still fairly negatively treated, but that was just starting to turn by the 60s. His separation of church and state was specifically referencing his own Catholicism in that he wouldn't be a "Catholic" president (and an agent for the pope).
Nobody is going to buy five shows for $2 when they can get hundreds for $8.
.. Not just yet. Let's see how this plays out. Library loan them for now
*sithlord
Fred Koch made his fortune doing oil work under Stalin, and pretty much saw "the light of day" in regards to the Soviet horrors the minute Stalin stroked out. Working for the Nazis is just SOP for them.
On windows phone. No app ever for this red blooded American
I believe in this case, it's heteropathy.
Haven't watched it since season two. Will watch for JDM. Partly because it's him. Partly because of how he took the job.
Don't reward them for buying new DVDs. Buy used.
I'm getting weird Frailty vibes here.
So a woman in the 1700s had to have a double mastectomy as she'd been diagnosed with breast cancer. All they could do for her was give her a shot of whisky, have two men hold her arms down, and cover her face with cheesecloth so she wouldn't see it (that failed, she saw the whole thing). Took some time. Got the first one done, and she panicked, started screaming. Then the second one, and still more screaming. She said she couldn't get the screaming out of her head for months after, and definitely had some ptsd issues from it. But it was a success, and she lived a couple more decades.
lol. No, it was more of a kneejerk reaction against Sam and Dean being brothers in that position. Just my own weird hang up. But more that it was a really, really weird scene in the movie by itself.
Poor aid is still common place as it makes the locals want to protect their local warlords and mafia leaders. If you have a dysfunctional/corrupt government and police force and a local criminal who hands out food, you're going to side with the robin hood type. It makes good pr.
I couldn't get into Justified, because his death rates were starting to go higher than Dexter's
Sam, Dean, and Cas. Pick two.
Alice: Nightsky and I, along with a few of the other Winchester Family Business writers, have actually been to Vancouver. There’s a big Supernatural convention there every year. One of our writers is a big shooting location buff and we’ve been on location tours around Vancouver. Is there a particular area of Vancouver you like to film in or has it been mostly in the studio? Dylan: I do studios a lot but I’ve filmed in Stanley Park twice. One of them (was) for Big Eyes that I did a year or two years ago. I also did a print job there when I was six or seven and I really loved it because it had a swing set and I got to run around and have fun. Stanley Park is my favorite place that I filmed but also The Returned (filmed) just outside of Vancouver. A lot of scenes were filmed in Squamish. That was awesome. Not only was I filming but I got to stay in a hotel and they had a waterslide and a pool. That was a lot of fun. --- Nightsky: When you were doing one of the scenes with Sully, you had to deliver the lines with your head upside down laying off of a bed. Was it hard to talk? Then you got up and immediately started lines again. I would be so dizzy! How was it to do that scene? Dylan: Well, I did do it 27 times…I was good the first 15 and then I started feeling light-headed but I thought, “Okay, can I have some water please,” and then I couldn’t do it anymore. I had to tell the director and he’s like, “Are you crazy for not telling me earlier?” He said, “We will never be mad at you if you are dizzy or anything or feel like you’re going to be sick, you tell us right away. You should have told us earlier.” I took a 20 minute break and I did it two more times and I was fine. It got harder at the end when they were doing closeups and it was just me upside down the whole time. I didn’t have time to get up and have a drink of water, I had to stay down there. That’s when I started to feel a little dizzy. It was okay, it was pretty good. ----- Yeah, I could see Richard getting upset about that.
If you think digital data can't be lost or altered on an ebook or on a server....
["You know nothing, Jon Snow."](http://au.idigitaltimes.com/iraq-digitizes-its-national-library-archives-protect-isis-threat-104889) "Librarians and academics in Baghdad are busy working on restoring, preserving, and digitizing Iraq’s rich history in fears that the ISIS militants will destroy the archives. Inside the Baghdad National Library, employees are working round the clock to ensure that every cracked and crinkled page holding true stories of sultans, socialists, imperialists, invasion and liberation, are saved.... After many years since the invasion, Iraqi librarians and academics are holding a major preservation and digitization project to safeguard a millennium of history which ISIS sets out to destroy. According to Jamal Abdel-Majeed Abdulkareem, Bagdad libraries and archives acting director, the threat from ISIS was due to the group’s wants for history to “reflect their own views instead of the way it actually happen”. This was evidently seen after some parts of Iraq were recaptured by Iraqi forces. The Diyala province was one of the recaptured areas from the ISIS militants. After its recapturing, the National Library donated around 2,500 books to help the people correct any misguiding the militant group made concerning the country’s history and culture."
Book burnings have happened all over the world, now and in the past. You see Iraq now as it is, but the history of books and literature in Iraq goes back to the birth of writing itself. Many people are iconoclastic and want to burn there, but so many more don't and are doing what they can to protect their resources by building archives and digitalizing. You're only seeing the worst of it, because that kind of sex and violence sells papers and content. The real act here is not to give into the pessimism and terroristic demands of the terrorists. Iraq will always be a repository of information and books. It will always have situation where someone wants to destroy it. To give up and quit paying attention to those few who are quietly protecting these things only serves the terrorists more.
[Spidey never did this one neat trick](https://youtu.be/XlO8In3IPo0?t=68)
Also neighboring China, so two nuclear armed neighbors.
/R/Vaderjokes
Then the negotiation is over.
This was the real deal all along. DC just didn't realize it.
That level of inbreeding is gross. Most inbreeding is between first-second cousins, and not so bad on a genetic level as long as there wasn't a bad genetic disease floating in the DNA. Most marriages in the past were between first-second cousins. Meanwhile- the Tudors, Yorks, and Lancasters were all mostly cousins fighting over the throne.
Just embrace it. You're missing out with all of the shoulder watching.
3D printing is going to be insane in the next decade for many of these businesses. A lot of second and third world hospitals have started their own printing for medical supplies where it's hard to get stuff in and there's a big problem of mail theft.
"I mean, it was perfectly okay for the past 15 years for my fellow Republicans to get ever more and more militant and hardcore. I liked the perks and help it gave me with my campaigns. Bur now I'm suddenly not on their level, and they're actively trying to stop the things I want to do so now it's time for me to speak out." You're a little too late to see the party and politics you've been supporting for what it is. Sounds like some people are going to get primaried as rinos.
Personal flaws don't negate civil rights and other types of crusades no matter what the FBI wants to think.
These tend to run history/politics and some fiction, so bear with me: Fiction/comedy: Dead Authors Podcast: http://thedeadauthorspodcast.libsyn.com/rss Thrilling Adventure Hour (the best is Beyond Belief) http://feeds.feedburner.com/ThrillingAdventureHour History/Politics: Frontline http://feeds.feedburner.com/FrontlineAudiocastPbs History of English http://historyofenglishpodcast.com/feed/podcast/ Counsel on Foreign Affairs http://feeds.cfr.org/publication/audio International Spy Museum http://feeds.spymuseum.org/spycast/ American History TV http://podcasts.c-spanvideo.org/lecturesInHistory.xml London School of Economics http://www.lse.ac.uk/assets/richmedia/webFeeds/publicLecturesAndEvents_iTunesStore.xml New Books on Foreign Policy http://newbooksinforeignpolicy.com/feed/ New Books in Public Policy http://newbooksinpublicpolicy.com/feed/ Russian Rulers History http://russianrulers.podhoster.com/rss/2742/ Uncensored History of the Blues http://feeds.feedburner.com/UncensoredHistoryOfTheBlues Born Yesterday Podcast http://bornyesterday.libsyn.com/rss also BBC Podcasts are really solid. http://www.bbc.co.uk/podcasts#results-list how did this get made, overdue, the history chicks
Titus Omeleticus
Jerusalem or bust It's actually not that dark. University of Paris: Class of 1228 My other horse is a Mustang My Dogma ate your Cathar
BBC interviews people about JC Nichols, Kansas City, Nicodemus, and Brown vs. BoE
The Homo genus is over 2 million years old, but modern Homo sapiens are only about 200 thousand years old.
Because a schtick and a persona doesn't mean that the person is somehow now open season in return. She's talking about herself in her comedy where she has control over her presentation. Some comedians are okay with people talking like that, others aren't. It's roughly equivalent to seeing Richard Pryor do jokes about race and then thinking it's cool to publicly do race jokes about Richard Pryor. Ultimately they just had a calm discussion about it, he apologized, and that was it.
I am right there with you, but I was in pointing out that adaptations, especially for public domain ones have been done forever. We're just more aware of them in general.
As an archaeologist, that line is all kinds of wrong
Scottsdale can be its own entire question. It's like LA, but with a thick smear of envy. I have distant cousins in Anthem, Arizona. If you don't know it, it's a super exclusive suburb on the level of Stepford Wives, but more so. My cousin-on-law said she didn't want her kids to walk to school, because there were (racial slur)s all around building houses. My family was aghast. She wasn't that old either. Next she was complaining about her massive house being in the wrong side of town, and that they'd have to move to the nicer side. It wasn't nicer. Everyone had just decided that they needed arbitrary reasons to split the town in two parts of good and bad even though every house was 200k bare minimum. Blagh.
Misha Collins. You might know him as Castiel on Supernatural or you might know him as the dad of the "so many" kid that reddit does from time to time. However, he's also well known for starting Gwishwes and being part of randomacts.org, which are set up to make people look goofy during a scavenger hunt and doing great causes. He's not some fly by night celebrity who starts these things, but has a solid grounding in how to do international aid and development while also being a trained carpenter and knows how to build things. Here he is building an orphanage in Haiti a few years ago: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afx_YjLwLN0
Primitive warlord nation while conveniently forgetting Britain's role in China before the revolution
They could bury SW8 in the middle of March, and it'd still break records.
More than Netscape, not as much as myspace
Plasmahood
Surely because you lack that information, that means it must be true overall. She's immensely popular in the US and the UK for things like Hannibal, The Fall, Tristam Shandy, Bleak House, and Great Expectations. She was more liked in Bleak House. Just because she wasn't working the Hollywood circuit doesn't mean she didn't just fall off the edge of the earth to justify even ~~75%~~ 25% less let alone 50%.
Even more awkward that she played Bela Talbot and Morgan played John Winchester on Supernatural. [Here she is making out with Sam](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBV9WGfV5QE)
"I'm sorry I care about your economic well being and drivers' safety."
Erik Kripke of Supernatural is a cocreator as well.
"Best of The Crème Brulee Incident" also with Clapton
At this point, OP will take it.
Mmm... yes. The old "Someone else with a completely different topic has it worse so this completely negates this specific issues" coupled with "rich people are rich, so that negates their issues" with a heaping helping of "feminism just makes there name worse." Checkmate, feminism.
&gt;I want to respect law enforcement. I want them to be as upstanding as EMTs or firefighters. The drug war doesn't allow them to act in a manner I find morally acceptable. It didn't start with the drug war. It started when the government started being held accountable for civil rights, and that they could no longer legally treat minorities and women without repercussion. The KKK was entrenched in so many places, others had rampant racism even without the KKK backup in the courts and law enforcement systems. With the rise of the civil rights movements being gaining traction in the 50s (it took decades just to get to that point), and the federal government passing laws in the 60s to end discriminatory practices, the police were suddenly held accountable for their actions in general (Miranda was in 66) especially when photographic evidence was being shown of their practices (water hoses, dogs, etc). Other issues like the housing act and white flight also led to this, but that's ancillary. The drug war was, in part, a response to that by Nixon, which he used (in his own Nixonian way) to help reaffirm the "Tough on crime" practices by the police and local governments. Don't get me wrong, reddit thinks drugs are okay, but the drug trade itself in the 70s and 80s where hyperviolent and so very destructive. But the war on drugs was "supposed to be" about stopping the trade, helping addicts, and stopping new users from starting (Nixon being Nixon could say something and mean three different things at the same time). What it did was give American law enforcement and judicial system the blessing from the president down to re-entrench those old habits of being harsh/cavalier no matter what, not caring about anything than their own goals, not caring about the hypocrisy of the system, but also allowing them to continue being abusive with almost no oversight from anyone. The first big "now we can see it in action" was Rodney King, and I don't think reddit really remembers any of that beyond maybe that one Fresh Prince episode. It wasn't that Rodney King was "special" in and of himself, it was that this was one of the first times we had film evidence of police brutality, and how the courts system vindicated this system even with concrete evidence of their actions. That's why groups of people blew up back then, and that's why groups of people still blow up occasionally to this day.
Actually, that's a pretty interesting question.
Only if you're someone like Caligula, and nobody is going to argue that point.
Yeah, but that carries over to other aspects. Brian Cox is kind of the same way- any camera comes nearby, and they can sniff them out like bloodhounds.
Skidding is still moving.
A few more as the ship's ticket sellers wouldn't have accepted "fake" currency.
Because Turing wouldn't have been into slash fiction? If only he knew how much gay porn he helped to contribute in the world...
The entire history of cell phones as used in tv shows can almost be covered by XFiles and Supernatural.
You're talking about single movies made here and there. That's great, but it doesn't fix the overall system of how actresses, other women workers, and minority workers get treated in general.
Secret wage fixing and blackballing is very illegal, and very little was done about it. But yes. I'm spreading false information for outrage karma.
"We want a Juliet balcony with wrought iron separator with holes just big enough to fit a toddler's entire body"
Edward Murrow was so addicted towards the end that he chain smoked while smoking.
And medicine and coat technology
It wholly depends on the story and writer, and you've hit a lot of stuff. One thing you missed was the hurt/comfort element where sexual assault is used as a plot to create an emotional reaction between two characters, usually so one can comfort the other. Sexuall assault is designated under noncon (not everyone tags it as surl) with rub on being lesser- someone's not saying yes or no, and it's murky as to which. Violent sex is not non-con necessarily. It can have an element of consensual aspect
This isn't really old though. It was only later when there was a rejection against stupid women commercials that it changed to a more Homer Simpson/ Honeymooners approach when they realized that women are going to be buying the toilet bowl scrubber goop. Radio ads didn't really feature that kind of stupid man motif pre-television.
Right, but the"patriarchy" as a concept is generally considered to be deeply engrained going back centuries. This concept of dad being a goofball only really goes back a few decades.
International criminology- what happens when crime scenes require international cooperation
I don't think you quite fully understand how much work it was to cook, bake, and preserve food back in the day, and just how dangerous it could be. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUZXp-jtFAw Now imagine doing that in longer shifts and dresses.
"I want to have a beer with a raging alcoholic who's been sober for years now."
SNL would like to think otherwise
[Sir Digby??!](http://i.imgur.com/3ub91Wf.jpg)
Netflix isn't the badguy here. They're the people stuck having to enforce the entire system, and they definitely held out as long as they could.
It's bizarre. Jensen usually has chemistry with everyone. Like instant eye sex or eye platonic sex. Here? Nothing.
Quark and Odo were always a highlight. Heck, Quark and Dax were great too.
I'm not talking relationships, I'm talking acting chemistry.
I see you migrated from /r/Supernatural.
You'd be surprised. The Misha Cas hate runs deep, and this isn't even close to the toxic levels I've seen on twitter
Iphones are how old now? I can easily see organizations getting old iphone donations where they refurbish and and hand them out.
YMCA/YWCAs often try to provide assistance for this kind of thing.
you need to post this to /r/aww
&gt;"Here's a cool idea, let's pay people less money for the same job! Who would have a problem with that??" Traditionally women and minorities.
The head producer of this show is Sera Gamble, who was the second show runner for Supernatural. She's a solid writer, but that role was really rough for her. Now she's doing Aquarius and this. I'm far better okay hearing that they changed it. I tried reading the first, and the lead character was a complete douchebag. I had thought that was his "journey" in stopping being a little shit, but Amazon reviews told me otherwise.
Telling someone the car got totaled is a good way to get a sympathy return.
Things ot look at: food, music, fashion, transportation, politics, literary genres, biases, movies, news,
If you had the mental ability to run the British Empire at its height or go out and find stolen letters or murderers, which would stimulate you more?
Nothing, I just really liked how it sounds. There's a lovely lilt to it.
I wish I had my surface in grad school instead of lugging a massive laptop around all the time. PDFs and the like all the time.
They were 100% giggling over Dean having "This potential for ah- love in all places." Edlund and Sgricca aren't stupid, they were 100% talking about Dean flirting with Aaron in that scene. In fact, it was Jensen who set up that wallet pass shot.
That is some severe grey gardens level isolation
I've seen these laws all over the place like Italy. I was in one town where both grocery stores closed down on the same day so as not to poach. The actual law was stores had to close one day, but it's up to them to pick the day. This was a town that was about 95% communist, so definitely not religious
I would love to be able to make an app that attaches to people's calendars for their registrations/primaries/elections days. It could include fed/state/local elections so everyone with the app would know what's coming up and when as they would input their state or zip code.
&gt;And overpriced is less likely with more choice. With 10 places they actually have to compete with each other to some degree. I was just in O'Hare last year, and got served the worst guacamole of all time, AND it was $15. More places does NOT create competition in airports. It just means that they all have exclusive contracts and set whatever prices they want, because now they have 5 cinnabons instead of 2. There are bathrooms past security checkpoints now. I've used a number of them. I remember being 5 or 6, and hitting a literal paywall at MCI's bathroom and nearly peed my pants once, because I didn't have a quarter (I'm still fucking pissed about those pay toilets). I also remember when they didn't have bathrooms past security. Those were rough days. Believe me, I know MCI's weird bathroom history very well. It's so much better now.
Autoethnographic sounds like the kind of books like Assassination Vacation or Bill Bryson's more esoteric stuff."Here's my life, but threaded through a larger narrative."
Is that the same joke in Kimmy Schmidt?
Still better than the house of CGI horrors for S 9
"Let's bring back a movie/tv show from the 1920's! That's what ~~the kids want!~~ just became public domain so now we don't have to pay for shit!"
[relevant](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view5/4882554/leviathan-covers-guy-in-cheese-for-snack-o.gif)
I'm having severe Tribe Called Quest flashbacks here.
That's so not true. This is confirmation bias. I've actually seen far, far wetter toilets for unisex bathrooms that don't have a urinal than I have for women's restrooms.
It's not about the default issue. It's that too many people get royally screwed over just for trying to get their work checks cashed or deposited. They should also be targeting cashing fees on top of it
I'm not a huge fan of theirs. I think they tend to spend too much time on the personal lives of the women they're covering and not enough about their professional/adult lives. It's okay if it's relevant or they're primarily known for their family life, but not as okay when they're covering career women, politicians, or royal women who did a lot of moving and shaking publicly or privately. I want the meat of their stories, not 20 minutes on "ma-ma and pa-pa wanted her to be..."
I saw a couple episodes. They had one with vampires where the punchline at the end was he scared the shit out of his partner? by pretending to bite her with fake teeth. It was a total douche move.
It wasn't even on any level compared to Are You Afraid of the Dark, quality wise. But it was a lesser version of that late Saturday night syndication timeslot where the only kind of genre or scifi show was on.
Right, I don't mind the childhood stuff, but sometimes they forget about why someone is important to history, and then it's a bit of a dash to fit the larger picture stuff in at the end where some things are dropped.
For a literally historical reference, there's a Sherlock Holmes short story about a man who finds out that his future wife was once in an interracial marriage in the American south. It's one of the sweetest short stories out there without it being tooth rotting.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Adventure_of_the_Yellow_Face It's the Yellow Face story. Weirdly enough, the "yellow face" doesn't refer to skin tone here. Doyle was pretty liberal at the time in a lot of ways, even if something looked "bad" for our viewpoint, it would have been pretty cutting edge progressive for his time.
The Joker is probably going be his other massive role. Two solid and fundamentally different iconic roles. That's a pretty solid career.
he's a bit of a Darth Meh
"So you paid $200 for costumes to win $50 worth of beer."
And bronzer is basically the "plus 1" for foundation.
Depends on the area. I was deep in the rural high Atlas Mountains in Morocco about 10 years ago, and everyone had solid cell phones (pre smart phone) and cyber cafes were everywhere. People loved skyping. Teenaged boys were into some pretty graphic stuff online (for as "protected" as the girls were), the boys could pretty much get away with anything
Yes, I was just showing an example of a guy with facial hair wearing make up both in what would be considered feminine and masculine styles.
Yeah! Say hello to my little friend!!!
That's if she's in a country that is that allows underaged girls to open their own accounts without parental supervision.
When I was about 19-20, I lived in East Mesa, we were basically in Mormon ville with "very" Stepford type families (this was about 2001). I was invited to a few things, but it was clear that my family and I didn't quite fit the woman's group outings. There was another mother in our neighborhood who had dark hair named Dmitria whereas everyone else had that hyper Phoenix bleached blonde look. She was amazing and very kind. She was at these parties as well (kind of), but looking back I don't think she fit their group either. Fortunately, we moved out after about a year to west Mesa, and things really calmed down on the suburbia front.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmAxZwhHTZQ Here's the source
Hence the "infamous" joke in Three Amigos
"Gunsel" made it passed the censors in The Maltese Falcon which then became general slang for a hired gun (I guess because of "gun?") Turns out it originally meant more along the lines of a catamite or twink. The censor did, however, take out the term "fairy." I guess everyone knew what that meant at the time. Hammett was thoroughly surprised that gunsel made it in a "I'm not even mad, that's amazing" way.
nice
I wonder if she used the same book for multiple classes, and just had each cross out what wasn't relevant
Classic Eagleton
18 MONTHS OLD FAN???!
This is like saying that Bill Gates can't talk about third world medicine and diseases as he has access to vaccinations and top of the line medical care. "Champagne socialists/liberals" is a long held denunciation, but it doesn't refute their positions. It just says "because you're so well off, everything you say is negated by simple fiat."
I actually try to buy BR as it's decent quality and I need slightly higher end clothes for my jobs. The 40% puts things in my price range. If I do it right, it'll cost about the same as full price Old Navy (BR's cheapest line), but quality and look is much better. It's not always about gamification, but about knowing the sales and what I'm after.
Flip those two, and I'd watch it
People are wanting to throw the entire judicial system out, because he's a"liberal" and lenient. There's leniency and then there's six months for a full on rape. Throwing the book at someone generally doesn't do anything, but neither does torching because we want to be nice. There's clearly enough room for a mid-level sentence structure without acting like it's okay for a judge to drop the ball this hard, because"he's a member of my political party." Come on. If he were a conservative, people would have the reddit pitchforks out looking for blood.
That's what I was saying originally, and I was responding to a lot of "I like the judge's liberal politics so I'm going to give him a pass." Eesh
Constructive criticism is what people want, not a massive sexist tear down while doing a massive nerd hate on.
http://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems-and-poets/poems/detail/43687
The online fandom tends to skew female, but the ratings have always been 50/50 for male and female.
Hey, do you have an RSS list or a way I can directly download it?
It's not quite that bad. The Cold War had this permeable fear that everyone could die at any time from thermonuclear warfare. This wasn't just in larger cities, but even rural Kansas was targeted. It's roughly akin to living with tornados versus those who don't, only globally. This is very low level. They might try to hit large targets or urban areas, but nobody is going to target Lebanon, Kansas. Not because of apathy, but lack of governmental divisions everywhere with a hard line of demarcation with the Iron Curtain. You knew what everyone was oh the map and who was in charge.
Yes, just expanding the joke
But I love that Sam and Cas have to work at their relationship, and imo they're far too into that friendship to drift apart at this point even if something happened to Dean.
I wouldn't go with religiously for sports. There are a lot of fans, but it's pretty easy to not engage without it creating a weird situation
Weird. That's the plotline to Dark Angel.
They're all around in Iowa.
Not that one, Castiel. That fish is special.
No, it's about focusing on two disparate fields and then creating new avenues of research and education by bringing these fields together. "I'm an archaeologist, but I have a chemistry background so I can recognize things that other archaeologists haven't recognized yet." I knew of a guy who had a mathematics/stats background who went to grad school for anthropology. He literally rewrote the entire stats book they were using at the time over like a weekend and turned it in as his part of his thesis. It's all about what puts you ahead and marketing AS WELL AS opening you up two multiple fields. Can't get a job in genetics? Use your background in astronomy.
This isn't tit for tat "justice." This is self defense. "He" assaulted her first. "She" defended herself from him. If she'd had a gun, she had, by all rights, the option to shoot him (not getting into the gun debate here) as he was sexually assaulting her and quite very well have caused even worse battery and injury to her.
So you're all one entity but with multiple heads but not actually identical like a Cerberus? Called it.
Not if people could do online ordering where they say "I want to pick up NC45 tomorrow at 2." The sales clerk keys in the order into the mixing machine, and it's done by pick up time. This would clearly be more higher end, but gives more ability to get more colors out there for people to use. It's basically the paint store color matching set up.
"We've had one piece of candy today, Yes. Why not two?"
Mmmmm....iftar..... nom nom nom
He looks 18-20 in his picture. I don't know why they didn't tag it with "and he will be trapped at that the entire time either."
It's a general rule of thumb, but it's definitely not set in stone. I've made fantastic French Onion Soup with a stupidly cheap (and kinda gross) wine that actually made for a solid cooking wine and bad drinking wine. It had a hard tart flavor that shined when cooked in onions.
The ultimate black mirror
This is going to sound awkward, but bear with me. Bad relationship/chemistry dynamics just suck. Chicks who sound like kidz bop back up singers who are also having to overcome the problems of the dudes just being overly lazy. They clearly have nothing in common except dick in vagina, and even that's meh. Just let women be adults and sound that way while being active. Have the guys be more engaged and better looking (does anyone want to watch meth heads or that Eastern European guy who's only alive because his grandfather survived the gulag 50 years ago when every other male in a 2000 mile radius didn't?). Have them treat them as human beings instead of horribly degrading and looking they're high fiving the camera guy half the time. That's not hard to ask.
Meanwhile /r/worldnews kept deleting until posters spammed it enough times to force the issue. "/r/Worldnews doesn't cover US News." That torqued multiple international reddit users as many said they wanted US News as long as it was relevant and not day-to-day US politics. People dying in a mass shooting is news whether it's Israel, Greenland, China, or the US. Nobody censored the Canadian parliament shooter in Canada where two people died (one being the shooter) and three others were hurt. News is news. That's it- end of discussion.
It also leads to low morale and a potential hostile work environment.
I can't even watch MASH anymore. Half of the punchlines are edited out.
There are definitely people out with crazy linguistic skills who cab pick up languages in days. Not the cultural aspect, but grammar, vocabulary, and being able to hold conversations in a very short amount of time. Look up the linguists in the Chulum documentary. He was able to pick up the Chulum language very fast from older speakers, and it wasn't his first language to learn quickly.
Who was witch hunting in classical Greece? I mean, besides the Athenians.
Nothing like a good old fashioned boycott. Get enough fans and people involved and things will change.
Misha was barely out of the "will you be my girlfriend? Circle yes or no" phase.
Cafe Gratitude is so tasty.
For all you younglings, Puff Daddy is P Diddy Don't ask.
Meanwhile China has huge domestic violence rates against women. 100% problem is completely ludicrous.
And the third one Gauuaca
Not understanding the internal culture/politics of a society is a very common occurrence. It's getting better, but it's not even close to being limited to feminist issues. Even people who are at a disadvantage can be treated as children or "not getting it." It's an issue that is discussed quite often in anthropological circles, especially when anthropologists also want to be activists
Yeah, there's enough awkward conversations on reddit in general when it comes to Mena countries. I would hope the anthro sub would be a bit more discerning
Now I want Diedrich Bader as the Riddler
You can cuss if you want to. You can leave your asterisks behind.
So now he's The Chuck.
I think there's a "no alcohol" rule, so apple juice is code for fermented drink.
You You or Miu Miu?
I was rural Tuscany on a dig, and had this explained to me. A lot of older guys would not only shield their penis, they'd do it with the horns sign (literally the sign for cuckolding). It was a form of protection against "haunted" places, and also against poeple they didn't like (basically "I'm protecting myself from you fucking my wife while I'm also fucking yours").
Do you think the administration would have let it get that far?
It's"aggravated," because they used a weapon. A person is guilty of aggravated assault if he or she attempts to cause serious bodily injury to another or causes such injury purposely, knowingly, or recklessly under circumstances manifesting extreme indifference to the value of human life; or attempts to cause or purposely or knowingly causes bodily injury to another with a deadly weapon. In all jurisdictions statutes punish such aggravated assaults as assault with intent to murder (or rob or kill or rape) and assault with a dangerous (or deadly) weapon more severely than "simple" assaults. http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/aggravated+assault
Isn't this the plot to the Corporate douchebag episode?
Sure, but FND is much, much looser when it comes to spoilers. There's, in fact, a very reasonable rule that you don't really have to tag anything here if you don't want.
Give me a large enough hydraulic press, and I will press the world.
Are you going to watch Manos Hands of Fate while recovering from wisdom teeth removal as I did?
Nega Darth
I saw one where this guy was going on about angels. Sort of a research project, but not really. The thing is that almost all of his facts were wrong- historically and religiously. I know a bit about it from the historical angle, and I just could not figure out what was going on. He was definitely a believer, but not in a main denomination way. I just really had to sit there and not critique the content itself. It wasn't a great speech either, but it was so weird listening to stuff so way off.
http://disney.wikia.com/wiki/Negaduck
"The Bagram Center for military girls who can't read good."
A camera called Tuesday
Oh I've seen it from the other side where science is being used to justifiy certain beliefs about things like IQ and cultural preogression and "which culture is ahead culturally."
Multiple Holocaust orphans ended up in a center in England where the staff were constantly having to do food checks in their rooms. Getting them to give up food hoarding was one of the hardest things going as well as trying to get their educations back up, proper hygiene, socialization, and everything else. Some of the worst problems were getting them to realize that they had a reliable food access, because otherwise the food would be hidden and then start to rot.
Oh, you mean any chick who looks above the age of 24?
Star Gate had an even better ending with SG1.
Cassettes make for good contraband audio recordings- easy to record, transport, small enough to hide away, and doesn't get scratched to hell.
One of my all time favorite episodes. The opening with the kinks is amazing
Nobody is exporting the carrot row of about 20 plants in a backyard from New Zealand. Nobody is going to care about the quality of carrots. They're carrots
He's totally like Dean- he's smart, worried about his employees, completely capable of dominating in any situation but without being an asshole about it. The personal preferences are different, but he's Dean without the emotional baggage and terrible childhood.
no, certain Lumia phones weren't upgraded to 10. http://www.pcadvisor.co.uk/news/windows/not-all-lumia-smartphones-will-get-windows-10-uk-3595452/ HTC One (M8) for Windows, Lumia 430, Lumia 435, Lumia 520, Lumia 521, Lumia 525, Lumia 526, Lumia 530, Lumia 532, Lumia 535, Lumia 540, Lumia 620, Lumia 625, Lumia 630, Lumia 635, Lumia 636, Lumia 638, Lumia 640, Lumia 640 XL, Lumia 720, Lumia 730, Lumia 735, Lumia 810, Lumia 820, Lumia 822, Lumia 830, Lumia 920, Lumia 925, Lumia 928, Lumia 930, Lumia 1020, Lumia 1320, Lumia 1520, Lumia Icon.
I know a pause when I hear it.
Yeah, I totally saw the pencil eraser too. http://g03.a.alicdn.com/kf/HTB1ZBheIXXXXXb_XpXXq6xXFXXXQ/5bags-lot-New-Creative-plum-font-b-flower-b-font-Eraser-with-box-students-rubber-Office.jpg
I went from Lisa Frank type eraser to this insane (stay with me) new toy jewelry concept where these make up/jewelry toy sets now included "fake earrings" where instead of clip ons, it's an "earring" that's attached to the head by shoving a small stick into the ear canal to mimic earrings. Then I thought"that's fucking insane. Nobody is going to design mock earrings where little kids shove small sticks in their ear." That's when I had to enhance and realized she'd looped a hair tie around his ear lobe. My fake earrings logic lasted way too long.
So we actually watched this the other day in the rabbit room. First it was going to be ironically, then we got into it, and it was actaully not bad. Fricking cute in the weird SPN tropes we saw- it was even a straight up Supernatural case fic. I've seen worse mainstream cartoons.
If you're not in the legalized marijuana market right now, you're going to miss the massive boom. It's going to happen in the next few years, and the ground floor companies started up over a year ago. It's going to be the wild west for a couple of years, then the market will crash and then starts the shark feeding frenzy as smaller companies get bought out.
One thing is that O'Toole was like 6'4 while Lawrence was about 5'5. By the end of the war, he weighed maybe about 100 pounds. Very beat to hell.
The Misslin' Man
The Soviets had keylogger technology going back to the 80s at least on typewriters.
The Big Lie about cable was that it was originally supposed to be ad-free.
But that was clearly a choice on their part over multiple episodes and writer/directors. He made a choice during those periods to add in bad flashbacks and then took them out again. It wasn't just that he suddenly got lazy for a solid six months. Something was going on, and bad flashbacks was the cheap fix.
Topeka PD has a Welsh officer. Color me fucking surprised when I heard the accent when he was dealing with the guy who hit my car. You'll do fine. Kansas City is a large metropolitan area that's very up and coming. Lawrence has a huge university with tons of people from around the world there. Topeka has a cricket pitch and rugby league (lots of Indians playing cricket who work for the hospitals). Fwiw, my kid sister got knocked up by a guy from Northern Ireland who was an international student. She's doing well in Northern Ireland now with him and the new baby. It's always scary about moving, but Kansans will definitely warm up to you, especially with accent. Edit. I'm not stereotyping, just giving you my experiences of British-ish immigrants in the area and things that might be familiar to you. There's a UK store downtown Lawrence called Brits that has a lot of import foods. It's a bit overpriced (Dillons carries a lot of their stuff much cheaper), and you have to be careful with the candy being out of date.
East Topeka is pretty no bueno for the most part except for certain areas around Lake Shawnee. If anything, North Topeka is developing into a pretty solid cool area.
All late night hosts need a good two years to develop a show and their parts on it. Even O'Brian should have been given 18 months bare minimum to make the tonight show.
Wait'll he finds out about Native American admixtures and tribal recognition and government politics
quick grammar help: "a brother and a sister do not." Together, they would take the plural form.
Different times and attitudes. 1940s Spain would definitely defer to their own structure.
Why wouldn't she? It's a very important story in her life and in her career.
It's a thing that's starting to go away. For a couple of years, we were getting high water pants in order to show off bare legs, cuffed boots, or high-end socks. Done well, it looked amazing. Done not well, and it was... not great. http://www.executivestyle.com.au/a-mans-guide-to-wearing-shoes-without-socks-11hbv3 Jared also isn't wearing socks, but I guess his pants are so long it doesn't have the same vibe. Misha, however. Can I just straight up steal those pants and shoes?
There is no evolutionary war. There is no war in evolution. That's not how any of that works.
Settlements are not the same as cities. Many cities started out as settlements and proto-urban areas before developing into cities.
No, you're trying to impose a human construct onto biology. It's not a metaphor or anthropomorphic concept. It's important to keep these things separate in science.
*Dwayne Elizondo *Kocha Kola* Herbert Camacho.
Who watches the Watchdads?
Why would you keep Wales out?? This is the perfect"No Englands allowed" fuck you club to England. Great Gaelain
We're just more aware of people with issues with things. Nothing's changed except our ability to broadcast those sentiments.
&gt;Bernie is far left, Trump is moderate, Clinton is far right. Lee Atwater is rolling in his grave
[Meanwhile](https://31.media.tumblr.com/dbd7b6a429b54023146ac01bf832daf5/tumblr_nqpx95BYRd1rzm181o1_400.gif)
Great Britain right now is basically the bank run scene in Mary Poppins. George wanted to feed the birds, and his dad was like "We need to invest this and build bridges!"
Yes to all of that. Italy is amazing and gorgeous..... Btw, did you ever make it to Murlo/Vescovado?
It's so bad it's almost a parody of bad photoshop, but it's really a "Dad photoshopping" meme in its own right. I like most of what he says, and prefer the podcast. I really love it when he breaks down The Chicago Way of politics and how it influences the national level.
I was in Northern Ireland last year in the more rural areas, and rather regularly, we'd just see one lone tree in the middle of a field. The father of the family I was visiting explained that they were chestnut trees and it was a huge taboo to cut one down as they were "fairy trees." Then we occasionally see a tree out in a field that wasn't a chestnut tree, and he explained that with "you can never be too careful when it comes to fairy trees." These weren't even that big of fields- not like Iowa corn fields that go on for miles. These were "small" fields surrounded by tree lines to where a single tree in the middle took up quite a lot of space.
Yeah, Berry comes off as very cool even when she's nerding out. I'm actually slightly surprised she hasn't been brought into the Wayward group yet.
Frito Lay?
It's the "You don't buy a used car while wearing Gucci" approach.
I'm pretty much at the point where I'm not even going to bother correcting bad information or ideas anymore in my fields. Anthropology and archaeology and forensic genetics get fucked up pretty fast on reddit, and it's only confounded by racism and/or eugenics. It's maybe even worse with the liberal bias types, because they refuse to acknowledge that they're wrong, because "science." Then there's the shit storm that is how reddit views women and feminism. Nope nope nope.
"There's no sexism quite like gay male sexism." It's astonishing to watch.
&gt;When was the last time you saw a white movie star speak out about the need for immigration reform? Ronald Reagan
I'm in the same position as you with a very laid back cat.
Ooh.. I needed a new iron anyway.
That coat gets around more than the village bicycle.
This was right when it came out and people were expecting something more along the lines of The Mummy, still a goofy movie, but not MST level bad. Plus it's a group watch, so we were trying to be polite and let everyone enjoy it. She just broke the tension of just how bad it was.
Quasi-Neanderthals. Also this was a heavy paleoanth school so people knew Neanderthals very well.
There were three at time for this particular fandom. It wasn't offensive as much being very unaware of the situation- it just so happened that they had three male cohosts (was originally going to be just two) just as the other shows just so happened to have all women cohosts. There was plenty of diversity between the three shows (they weren't even the most popular one) taken as a whole coupled with that this show had a huge female following and regularly took on women call ins, suggestions, and even the very occasional woman guest host. There were/are women actively involved with the show and its content, just not as full time hosts (my friend also does other podcasts with mixed hosts on his show). It came off as very superficial-that she assumed that just because it was an all-men's host show that there wasn't any representation at all or input/help from women. I took her task, because I've contributed a lot to this show, and I felt like she was erasing me a bit simply because she didn't "hear" my voice as well as my other friends who also contributed. That's my own emotional personal response, but I still stand that she never recognized the gender imbalance for women in the other shows that had been going on even longer, but wanted "representation" when it didn't specifically hit her assumptions of how the show was being produced. Btw, I kept it very diplomatic and even toned. This is far more my negative personal reaction to it than how I presented my defense for it.
was this for a scorpion king post?
Actually there is a directional aspect to westerns. Westerns are generally "west of the Appalachians." Northerns are basically Canadian Westerns (Think Dudley Do-Right or even Jack London). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northern_(genre) There might even be an argument made for Southerns as a genre itself: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/23/movies/how-quentin-tarantino-concocted-a-genre-of-his-own.html?_r=0 I'd even include O Brother as a modernized "Southern" if we're going that route. Hispanic Westerns might also be a thing with things like Three Amigos, Zorro, and a couple others.
This is actually before robber barons/monopolies and not quite a full scale introduction of the Industrial Age in America outside of the east coast.
Drug problems are huge in rural communities to the point where meth is now called "hillbilly crack."
Not necessarily. Intersex is ^a ^^thing
It's more than that. People aren't taking into account what driverless commuting will actually do. If people aren't driving, they're going to be sitting and doing nothing. At that point, that dead space is going to fill up with something. Entertainment or work. I can easily see a company set it up that a 60+ commute allows them to telecommute their jobs for part of the day. 4-6 hours in the office, 1-3 hours working in a car, and it can easily shift productivity AND the grind commute itself if everyone plays their cards right.
It could easily be an opt in thing. Work can be tracked and calculated accordingly.
What you could do is show a correlation between economic factors, crime rates, and disease rates. Also specify which diseases you want to tackle - STDs, transmittable, long term types. That kind of thing. Look for socioeconomic factors as well as disease factors. Independently research both and see if there is any overlap (also note if there isn't). If you're able to, maybe run some nonparametric stats if you can on disease rates compared to crime rates. Look for specific locations or distribution patterns. Go after forensic anthropology areas as well as public health and medical anthropology for more resources.
paging /u/dancingmuffin
Yes, but are you 10,000 Miles sorry?
My mom would say very rarely while I was growing up. "Nobody should have to go bankrupt burying a child."
H/C has been around forever. YOu should have seen what The Sentinel put Blair Sandberg through in order to achieve Comfort. Also in the mid-90s, hc was starting to be used as a weird "platonic slash" subtext subgenre where writers clearly didn't want to write slash fic, but were hitting massive slash tropes at the same time. The hurt/comfort angle was the justification for why they were able to write out these stories while still able to go "no homo" with it.
Tbf, star trek with Abrams is some pretty much god awful fan fiction with terrible bad writing tropes. Star Wars was at least fun and enjoyable where the women characters were halfway competent and had their own plots.
Except for Hitler
"You're a sprinter, Barry."
