It doesn't look dumb at all. It looks like it requires loads of skill and would be way for fun to play than football. Or if we're talking about american footbal then way way more fun.
But that awesome Irish accent though.
They probably have free rain of the techie department. I know in my school anyone who does techie can just go down there and do whatever outside of class time. Then again my school only has 1000 people and the techie department is understaffed.
&gt;The games that run smoothly on nearly anything! Thank you War Thunder. You really are amazing for running on intel integrated graphics.
It's a program but I guess windows prefers to call them apps now. I run on windows 7, no app store.
Yeah. That was the worst thing when I has bad download speeds (800KBps) I never knew if I had to update it after coming back after a long time. At least with steam it's obvious and takes care of it itself.
It's a problem of my parents insisting that I use Norton. I can't just uninstall it because they won't stop paying for the damn thing no matter how much I tell them too. Good to know a solution exists though. I just needed an excuse to get it removed.
That's about double what I get and I think of mine as amazingly fast.
Could just be predicting the announcement.
&gt;4% believe that shapeshifting lizard aliens from alpha draconis control our government Surely that's got to be an out of hand joke that led to people trolling the poll right? I hope so.
Then why are your teachers doing such stupid shit! It's probably just the extra numbers making the 1% of crazies a way bigger actual number. Also scotland is a way better country (at least to live in as a citizen) than america. There is literally no aspect of living here that I think is better in America.
Mrs Browns boys. The pilot for mike and molly was also hilarious but then all the others sucked so I guess it doesn't really count. Also breaking bad but I took so long to start watching it that I was already hooked by people making all the references.
yes we do have better healthcare because we have the NHS which is free rather than your shitty patchwork of health insurance. Better education because we don't have that problem of only teaching kids how to pass the tests rather than learn the subject. Better government because NO NSA. That's enough by itself.
Your healthcare is not worth the price tag. Looking at it overall and not just in one area it's inferior. I've always been very satisfied with my dealings with the NHS. Your point on the universities is another thing. University in scotland if completely free for citezens. We don't restrict good education to the wealthy and we take the same approach to healthcare. Our universities are very good actually and historically Scotland has basically been the founder of modern higher education. In the 1800s our education was known as the best in the world and the effect scots had on other countries such as Canada, India and , yes, even your glorious US of A, is still felt today. Stop being such a typical 'MURICAN and start looking at facts. Living in Scotland is comfortable and affordable.
Wei tu Long
Doctor who: The adventure games
It didn't say that for me upgrading from windows 7. You should be fine.
Yeah there's a point in summer where it almost never gets dark. Not as exreme as alaska but pretty extreme.
Just some social anxiety by the sounds of it. Relatively normal.
That's weird considering the reviews it gets on steam.
I don't think that can be determined yet. It's absolute luck with a vauge PSU failure like this.
I'm gonna go with some slighly less conventional opinions because I really hate how everyone suggests AAA titles in these threads. Mount and blade: Warband- Fantastic game, lots of total conversion mods and you can put hundreds or thousands of hours into it FTL: Great indie game. Difficult but a lot of fun and many hours of gameplay Also sins of a solar empire if you like 4x style strategy games. Wait for a sale for this one though because it goes on sale a ton.
Holy shit this thread is salty. For good reason I guess but damn, I don't think I've seen thread with so many comments with negative upvotes in one thread before.
I thought it was pronounced Sputnik. Like with the U pronounced uh.
Scroll down a bit, it says "free HDMI cable" This is obviously the kind of guy who pays for PS+
Almost certainly
Apparently people think that people back then didn't know the earth was round because it was a common way to call someone stupid as an insult back then to say that they didn't even know the earth was round. I think the atheists point is just saying that it slightly invalidates the argument that religion holds back scientific progress.
Yes the church did a lot of terrible anti progress things.
People who are shown to be abusing the system get the refunding privilege revoked. That more or less solves it to me.
Not for me. Steam downloads faster than anything else for me. 2.3MBps. Before I got fibre optic internet I got 800KBps from steam and 100-200KBps from most websites.
Thanks, I thought so but wanted to find out first so that I wasn't surprised in a bad way when I hooked it up.
I really can't save. This is the absolute stretch of the money I have down to the pound. I've seen new 7850ks sold on ebay regularly for £50 from a trusted seller so I might try to get it there instead. Like I said, this will be upgraded.
Hey thanks man, I knew RAM was important for an APU but didn't know a lot about it or what to change. As!e with the PSU, I really just chose the first one that looked OK. Most importantly, this is even further under budget leaving room since I need to buy a wireless adapter I think.
Looks good. Not overkill but should play most games pretty well.
Skyrim is a great game. RDR was maybe better but skyrim is still great in a lot of ways.
I just hope I don't have problems with it. I can't play dx11 games because of some weird visual bug on my otherwise apparently compatible hardware. Upgrading my rig soon but don't want dx11 to dx12 to be the same problem I had with dx9 to dx11.
Don't you think that's exactly what it used for in the original just cause 2 version?
I will agree that it's really nice to be able to just borrow games from friends. I did that a lot back in the ps2 days.
First time I saw it I though he was carrying a small child and doing all sorts of crazy stunts with them.
The disliking a company for no reason I see a lot of on /r/pcmasterrace with AMD and Nvidia. I was guilty of it at one point, I had never heard of AMD and because they seemed like the strange obscure choice I was strongly in favor of an intel/nvidia build. But after looking carefully at the choices I'm now building an AMD rig.
Remission implies that it can go away. But Crohn's never goes away. It's always there, waiting patiently for the perfect moment to strike.
Can someone fill me in on whats supposedly wrong? I don't see anything here.
No. I've heard that when games go on a big sale on steam they make many times what they usually do if they get front page. I think it was about papers please I heard that so it's not just big titles.
I've seen it mentioned a few times here in the past but not recently. Normally in the context of wireless keyboards or controllers.
i still consider alternatives to steam pretty nich but I guess GOG is pretty well known now. I just assume that the mainstream uses only steam.
Not sure if this is better or worse than my friend who only just realised that he forgot to put thermal paste on his build he's been running for a couple of years.
I know there's plenty of reasons. I was just saying that apart from the very traditional method of buying physical copies steam holds the appearance of a monopoly to someone who doesn't care to do the research. Obviously I'm behind the times here but when I started PC gaming a few years ago it was ages before I knew GOG existed and that was only because it was mentioned in /r/pcmasterrace I guess what I'm saying would've been true when I started but now the other options are more obvious.
All the banning subreddits and censorship stuff as well as some hypocritical statements about free speech are on her. Basically contradicting what people see reddit as standing for as far as I'm aware.
Yep, that's it. I guess you just didn't read the title very well.
You really should not have desktop icons like that. Just clear your desktop and use start menu for the stuff you need often, pin to taskbar for the stuff you need everyday and a convenient folder in your c: drive for stuff you need fairly frequently. Other stuff is totally redundant, like vlc media player. Open the file and it opens VLC for you. Edit: forgot to mention, [like this.](http://i.imgur.com/GKRa5Bp.jpg)
Not too unrealistic. I was doing it at 11 or twelve and that was 7 years ago. Kids start earlier and earlier nowadays.
Yeah it's fairly new and they really didn't advertise it much at all. I just randomly found a "watch game" button when I went to message my friend one day.
playback is way too fast. Would be better as an album of images
I think it's multiplayer only but there are servers just for beginners.
focused on the first sentance too much. As in the were denying the rumors that he was rethinking his decision. Obviously it shouldn't be a surprise that FIFA would lie.
I think both 5 and beyond earth are good choices. There's been a lot of discussion about whether beyond earth is better than 5 but I certainly don't think it's worse. I've got a couple of friends who love it at least.
Not a clue, don't play it myself just speak to some people who are really enthusiastic about it. I don't think they have the dlc.
I don't know. I use windows 7 64-bit. I would try verifying the file cache and if that doesn't work a full reinstall.
Maybe it's different in England (I'm Scottish and for those who don't know Scottish and English education are totally unconnected) but here we don't have compulsive worship and RMPS/RME was always really unbiased and informative.
The right i5 is the best processor out there right now.
This iis pretty unfair. My laptop is worse than an Xbox 360 and it runs KSP great.
Why is this of all spoilers the one that everyone is giving away? Every other spoiler, I completely avoided with no problem then this one comes and I was just glad I'd read the books so I knew about it 6 months in advance.
You have a worse processor and igpu than me and I still have to play min settings to achieve 30fps. WTF is going on?
This is so great playing payday: the heist in the middle of an assault wave on overkill difficulty.
You uninstalled just cause 2? What's wrong with you?
but in this case it's the same developer and franchise so not likely.
I agree but at the same time a vast ocean is a bit pointless. IIRC there was quite a lot of space between the left side of the map and the right side in JC2 that was just water. Rivers and stuff is nice though.
FTL is always a great purchase.
If I had any money that would be a problem for me. I'm getting a new PC and there's 4 or 5 games I already own and can't wait to play but couldn't until now.
&gt;go and play games how they were meant to be played Fucking Nvidia everywhere
It's an APU. It should be able to handle most games at a decent FPS and settings. It's not just a CPU. Sorry about not specifying a GPU though, I'm thinking r9 290X or something similar.
r9 290X maybe. Not sure but I looked around and most cards would work if I used a 500 or 550W PSU
[Those seem kinda expensive](http://uk.pcpartpicker.com/parts/power-supply/#W=500,550&amp;m=52)
Chivalry: medieval warfare. I have no idea what the US price is but it's under £2 and prices often favour the US slightly.
Up late and tired. The perfect time to put together a delicate electronic machine.
Nah I played the game for ages trying to find it. Or if it did exist it lost it's function which was to destroy the masts of enemy ship and cripple their movement.
I'm gonna guess it's something along the lines of, It wasn't in my interest but it was in my nature.
Take a look yeah. But not when you fall 50 weeks outside of the policy.
I've been using this on TIFU stories for a while.
Gameplay wise yeah but it moved away from what I felt AC was and what I loved about AC. If ubisoft had kept AC as what it was and made a new IP which was basically black flag but not tied into any existing franchise, I would've loved it.
That seems unusual. Do you mind if I ask which country or that you elaborate in the laws. It's totally fine if you don't want to tell.
I used to eat healthily and still take 5 day gaps between pooping. When I started pooping regularly it was really annoying because it was in the way of my schedule.
my first reaction was to look to the bottom right corner to see the date (can never be sure it was todays) and because I format dates the correct way for a half second or so I thought you used it all by the 6th day of the month.
This sounds like the ideal case for pirating to check system requirements. I can only give a very very rough idea but arkam asylum runs ok on an intel iGPU with a dual core i5. Obviously it being the same series is no guarantee of similar system requirements but since they were released relatively close together I would expect the min requirements to be fairly similar even if the recommended specs change.
Same except I'm about to build not just built so I've still got the money and had the resist. A whole summer sale and all I bought was the upgrade from surgeon simulator to anniversary edition for £0.39
As /u/ComboCancel said, go to /r/pcgaming as it's basically this sub but without the peasants stuff.
How can they have control over something like anti aliasing which actually affects performance if a console has to run at a steady difference.
Now I wish I knew how to actually use the console.
I remember not minding the skyrim UI on PC before I got mods. I only really got skyUI because so much requires it to run. I think my only problem with skyUI was figuring out which symbol was which menu because it didn't label them with words, only icons.
The xbox 360 version wasn't terrible if you had nothing else to compare it to.
[It's not Susan...](http://m.youtube.com/?#/watch?v=CheHpaRkKio)
Might be good. I'd be down for it but don't have a huge amount if games.
Apparently up to 60% of labradors. Cancer rates are shitty in dogs.
Not sure if joking or actually well informed. In the case of the former, one of the most popular movements hitler introduced was the KDF movement (which you'll have to look up as I've forgotten what it stands for in english) which, amount other things, encouraged employment through non-monetary incentives such as paid vacations and concert tickets.
I so want to meet the guy who makes a living by going to peoples houses, plugs in a USB drive and walks away $45 richer with no other work done.
Your having a picnic if dead island is the worst game you've ever played. I thoroughly enjoyed that game on xbox 360 a few years ago.(In the transitioning stage to only PC gaming) My worst game is take on helicopters from bohemia interactive. The people behind the arma series. It was just awful in every way. The controls, the save points, the endless start sequence that was half cutscene IIRC. Just awful and to this day I keep up my assertion that bohemia interactive are terrible at making games.
At least you're the boss there would have been serious problems if you were a minion.
You'd be surprised how well it runs on minimum. It freezes up if you don't skip the 2k logo animation at the beginning but actually in game it's mostly smooth enough.
Not sure if it was the same function but I saw a ps2 remote once with a turbo and a slow mo button. Both were pretty much unfunctional and had the exact same effect of making the game rapidly pause and unpause.
Mount and blade: warband. Hundreds and hundreds of hours of gameplay there, especially with so many total conversion mods.
I think you have to make an informed decision and that's very difficult to do before release. In most cases I would discourage pre-purchasing but with the witcher 3 and fallout 4 I would say it's ok because the devs are known for consistently putting out good games and sticking to ethics (except the paid mods thing but I have a feeling that was partially just a huge misjudgement.)
Is that on android? Can't find it
Yeah these are always written in the worst way. It couldn't take me longer to find the meaning of the title than like this.
Apart from storage space and kinda RAM thats still pretty good.
Use a melee weapon with a nice long reach. I beat her by watching her footprints when she was invisible until she was coming straight at me and then jump attack towards her.
Um, it's june. And yes, schools get out in a week here.
I was going to downvote this but then realised it would just be because I disagreed.
I wouldn't say "won" exactly. More of an "everybody dies" situation except not exactly.
Shit. Someone really should've done something to ensure that PCMR 'owned' the rating system images so they couldn't be abused like this.
Everything you just said is exactly why we should care. We don't want our seal of approval on that shitty game.
Yeah but like 80 million just got lost because he never found out where jack hid it. Anyway walt also died, so theres that.
intel do integrated graphics too. They need too since a computer with a CPU, no GPU (like most laptops) and no integrated graphics just wouldn't work. I can confirm from my laptop though that they are just in there as a basic necessity and that's it. For example I play payday: the heist... at min settings on a resolution of 800x600 and can't get a stable 30fps.
I never really considered him "the bad guy" though. and on top of that he only got 10mil to his family. The rest stayed wherever jack hid it after he stole it.
It's a good 3 or 4 years old now I think but can't remember exactly. It has an i5-2430M dual core and 6GB of RAM which is ok except it's at 665MHz. So yeah, I tried payday 2 and it struggled to reach double figure frame rates at the best of times.
Don't worry. For an AMD CPU that's very cold. My intel i5 in my laptop regularly idles at 90C+ (which is 194F) and the thing hasn't melted yet.
You really need to get more sleep. 4 hours is the absolute minimum that a human can survive on without developing health complications and by the sounds of it you aren't even getting that reliably. Even 4 hours will reduce your lifespan by a certain margin.
Not sure whether to be happy because I finally saw someone else who appreciates the nexus 7, or sad because it was a 68 year old woman.
Nah it's just like that, not a lot of background programs at all. Think there's dust in it but because of the design of f the laptop I can't clean it out.
On that point about controller support, there are a lot with partial controller support that support the controller for at least 95% of the game (e.g super meat boy)
Amd CPUs aren't great but the whole APU idea is fantastic for a budget build.
r9 280X keeps up with a gtx 960? I didn't know they were doing so well with even the 290 being talked about as outdated.
They really did though. Although android is taking over now for years everyone had an iphone and they were massively popular over everything else.
Because there's really no reason not to when you're talking to someone you have a well established relationship with. Not saying everyone would but there's no problem if thats the kind of relashionship they have.
Obviously you can't drink one evening and drive the next morning. Isn't this common knowledge? In scotland now the driving limit is way down to under a pint though. Don't know how the US treats it's alcohol laws.
Only 10 more months (give or take) until I can enter my actual birthday to check the store page for games I already own. Can't wait.
The difference is that the arguments against drugs (some of them anyway) is about how they make you act in ways which cause harm to people or otherwise act carelessly or illegally. Also, don't run red lights. asshole.
But... breaking the physics.
Why not both? Just run between them.
Don't forget that's also only for games that support crossfire. Although all the games demanding enough to require a 390x probably already do.
Dayz standalone was also developed by bohemia interactive. The fact that they got the arma series to the state it was in is a miracle if you look at some of their other work. I maintain that they are awful developers. Look at take on helicopters if you don't believe me.
Get a horse and just use the fast travel carriages? They're perfectly lore friendly and limited enough to work for this purpose.
I had a couple of friends who played it and they got into it easily with no prior mmorpg experience. Besides its free so if you try it and don't like it the only thing you've lost is time.
Really I feel like I could easily do that.I know what the middle row is from typing and I know where everything is in relation to the middle row.
On the website it says it's running on raspberry pi so probably almost none.
They probably want to make it VERY bulletproof. Like to the point of RPG proof. I know that regular bullet proof stuff is way thinner than that though so it does seem a bit unnecccesary.
Forgetting a /s bring downvotes every time.
If you're on chrome get the Really unexpected jihad extension. It lets you make it so that posts from /r/unexpectedjihad apper to have come from somewhere else.
Yeah but you don't necessarily need to burn them, just don't eat them. Exercising isn't that effective from a standpoint of just burning calories (thanks evolution) but you can easily eat just a bit under what your body normally uses in a day. If weight loss is your only goal that is.
&gt;with about 3,200,000,000 left before it cannot sustain life Well that might be more like 50-100 for human life if we keep forcing global warming as we are.
But only the dedicated will succeed.
Looks to me like oscar, the guy from the very start of the game.
I mean, if you're on PCpartpicker it just gives you a yes/no answer for crossfire and sli support so it doesn't take that much research.
Getting really anxious for this sub to go back to normal.
So have we just stopped bothering with the religious purpose of this sub? I mean, the rule is still there in the sidebar but this post is at the very most tangentially related to the topic and that's stretching it to the point of word association. Maybe the mods just aren't active, I don't know.
The UK lottery used to be a great example of this because the profits went into funding the NHS. The health lottery does that now it's just not as good. The real lottery is still a good example because it funds loads of charities.
Actual blood on the ground would be cool. Obviously it doesn't need to get to the standards of dying light or anything but some would be nice. There is already some effect on the player art least. I remember how awesome it was the first time I did really well on gekokujo and went into 3rd person to find my character solid red.
Well Wi-Fi won't but Li-Fi might if it ever get's introducted. It won't take over Wi-Fi or wired but it'll be the best where it's avaliable.
Then you have to be able to recognise that as it's own problem and work against it. It may be that the people you are sharing the experience of gaming with are the ones who can recognise this the easiest and point you in a better direction.
It very much could mean "we should" though, depending on context and circumstances.
I for one welcome our new memebot overlords.
Well look at it this way. 1TB HDD. Cheap, lots of space and fast enough that it's not the bottleneck when doing most things. Slow to boot up and copy + paste but for the general user of pcmasterrace that's probably it. SSD. Much more expensive per GB with ones as big as larger HDDs simply not existing commercially yet (although they are better and I believe that in a few years these two problems will not exist and they will be worth buying). The only positive is the faster speed, which is good for only a couple of things.
Don't complain that the guy who sells you illegal drugs got arrested. I mean, yeah you might be annoyed but it doesn't mean that the guy arresting him is the villain.
That seems kinda fair tbh. I'm an air cadet in the UK right now and my plan if getting into uni doesn't work out is basically just to try to get into a relatively non-violent role in the RAF.
Yeah but pretty much everybody from history was probably homophobic. It just wasn't normal to not be half a century or more ago. Hell JFK was probably homophobic and he's the guy responsible for the civil rights act.
I think deadpool makes it pretty clear in almost everything he's in that he isn't a hero. Not completely a villain either but pretty much everything he's in he outright establishes (in that convenient 4th wall breaking way of his) that he isn't a hero.
I'm 17 (legal drinking age here is 18 so it's not that bad) and coulldn't find any alcoholic drink I actually liked the taste of. Didn't like beer, didn't like cider, didn't like wine, red or white (although better wines were clearly less bad to me they still weren't good) didn't like champagne even enough to partake for a celebration. Didn't like vodka. Finally found something I like with Morgans spiced rum. Good when you start, great after a couple of drinks.
Not knowing much about baseball I didn't understand most of that or know who any of the people were but still, pretty great that you can write like that drunk.
I'm the complete opposite. I find small spaces immensely comforting.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_by_sawing
So just like regular heads of charity organisations then.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_by_sawing
Wow, there are a lot of guys here to don't want to get fucked up the ass by women with strap-ons. Who would've thought.
Pretty sure that's just media to make the writing seem better or more dramatic. People do generally say bye irl.
It's unique and there aren't that many non-competetive shooters out there. The menu is fine really and the gameplay is loads of fun to me. That's with all the dlc though and just being able to try out something weird and fun. It's a good game to relax with friends with, don't play solo, its boring AF.
probably just a persistent PUP or something.
Totally fake yeah but I liked them. Still want to know what happened to those damn keyboards.
Well that's a disappointment. I always quite liked the idea that some day there might be great pools of oil underneath what were once mans greatest cities.
I remember I had such a hard time when I first got here because of the masses of inside jokes never explained. I mourn for new users who may never get to hear the classic reddit stories. The boy with two broken arms, the swamps of dagobah, the jolly rancher story. The age long chronicles of /u/airz23, now only history.
I think it's actually a good idea. For one, it's not really on an honor system, I haven't been in a place where you could just take a bag if you weren't trying to steal without being spotted. Secondly, there is a huge amount of plastic wastage and reusable bags are a much better option. Comparing what china does to what you do to make your thing seem insignificant is not a valid argument.
How the fuck did you manage to find a grocery store that doesn't sell orange juice?
Are you saying you use 30 bags? That's an absurd amount, a large shop for 3 people in the UK uses 6-8.
Runs better on nvidia because they specifically build it to run worse on AMD.
You are totally correct, we should stop misusing need. Need is defined as you will literally (not figuratively) die if you don't have it.
An APU is actually a pretty decent choice. It's the only way in the UK to get console performance for equal to or less than the price of a console. If you're happy enough at 720p and 30fps you can play most games on high settings, which still looks really nice.
antimalware and anitvirus are different though. Also I don't really like the direction they've gone in. Before the free version was good enough. Then they revoked premium keys people had used which they hadn't bough, fair enough but they said they would give people 12 months before revoking, mine was revoked instantly. Now I get a bad feeling about it, like it's not really doing it's job anymore and the company is more about the money. I've seen people say that if you have the free version it doesn't actually even scan, just pretends to.
Well the internet is the perfect place for that kind of negative behaviour you described, the real world is the opposite, it's shunned there. I fully support the ideas of PCMR but this sub is questionable and there have definitely been better days around here.
I've got a £100 monitor. 2ms response time 60hz 1080p. Seriously did he just go into every section, sort by price highest first and pick the top result?
Like the idea and design and hope it goes well but it's worth mentioning that this isn't even close to the first time someone has decided to produce a website for this purpose. Might succeed might not. Seems strange to me that although there arent really enough posts to tell steam doesn't seem as popular as the console ones and it's at the bottom of the list post wise.
6 years in the UK. At least our academy is closest to your high school than any of your others and goes from age 12 to 18. Either way by the end it's obvious that while it's important and has a big impact on how you develop and who you are, it's not nearly as actually important as what will come after it.
This is why I love anonymous social media on reddit so much more than personal social media like facebook. I only leave comments, no images but even so there is nothing I would actually post if everyone I know knew it was me and saw it and that would be hanging around forever.
I like the french name "the little death" for it. If you aren't shit at interpreting slightly poetic meaning then it's a good way to describe it.
Only if it's paired with a good CPU. I have a 290 and it still struggles to get 1080p 60fps because I've got a console equivalent APUs CPU bottlenecking it.
fair enough. That's teenagers ignorance for that part. I've always just assumed it was either sometime during the period or directly after it for around 3 days but maybe more. Information is pretty vague on the subject. In reality it's probably closer to the point that there's around a week a month that it's a pretty safe guarantee that a woman isn't ovulating rather than is.
I mean in APUs. I had one, I did plenty of research. RAM speed is a bottleneck because they are using it as VRAM. Buying 2133mhz RAM instead of 1600mhz actually makes a pretty big difference.
I've got an A10-7850k APU. I'm not exactly sure what the CPU part of it is.
Trust me a "maybe" diagnosis of aspergers is nothing to worry about. It is a very wide spectrum. I technically have a diagnosis for it but it's very very mild. Literally nobody knows I have it or even suspects anything unless I actually tell them about it, you are exactly as normal as you act.
This is basically the definition of getting over social problems. I never feel confident but in most conversations I think I fake it pretty well.
Answer the obvious question.
Feel like a god having that one no fall damage spell.
It's like they literally are sucking the life out of everything around them.
Sure but nobody is as low as 30 or 60, probably not even 120.
Rule 5 means to keep the posts unexpected. This is just a comment related to the post.
Never thought about common things like pubs but when I went to Aberdeen university the first thing I thought was of how much older it was than the USA. Aberdeen university will be 520 this year I think, whereas your country is around 300. (very rough, slightly educated guess)
There was a writing prompts on this ages ago. Really wish I'd read it, sounds like an awesome concept. The adventures of... butterfly man.
That's the one, thanks.
Which game? I loved 3, then couldn't play it because it was on wii and I didn't have one anymore, then picked up 6, which is ok. It has 2112 at least even if you do have to play it with the parts separated.
Is that a lot compared to normal yield?
Probably won't make it to the end of the first week. If he does, then they aren't trying hard enough.
/r/ofcoursethatsathing
I don't need to be experienced to know that sex is not an area where there should be this kind of mixed signal.
Sure but that could quickly get to the point of being too mentally straining. Can you imagine standing there trying to work out what'll happen in 3 hours going "ok so if I imagine myself in 30 minutes looking 30 minutes into the future at me looking 30 minutes into the future at me looking 30 minutes into the future" and so on.
The parachute was the shit. Best thing we got to do as a kid, never got to do it enough.
You just had to aim for the head. That was the thing with the first game, body shots would drain ammo very fast. amcar had fire rate, ak had damage.
Damn, I still can't even beat heat street on overkill with a friend.
I can totally imagining carelessly opening a can of mixed nuts on purpose being something astronauts just do if they're bored and have a few hours spare.
This thread is terrifying. Antibiotics are supposed to be used as sparingly as possible, with them only being prescribed when absolutely needed. No wonder superbacteria are becoming a problem.
It's coarse and rough and irritating. And it gets everywhere.
It's more like, you're keeping the blood (and thus oxygen) circulating so that when the ambulance arrives with an actual defibrillator they'll have a better chance of it actually working.
Oh sure you should absolutely perform cpr I just mean that the point of it isn't really to save them yourself, but to give the ambulance crew a better chance of reviving them when they show up with the proper equipment.
You mean... talking?
Pretty sure I beat them in the painting guardians kit. Dodging is easier.
On the plus side NG+7 is the last one where things are actually harder IIRC.
/r/fitdrawngirls nsfw
Sure, my point is that all of that means pretty much nothing to the 99% who don't follow this genre of music, let alone don't follow music at all. Maybe they are more well known in the US though, I'm in the UK.
I love the big complex one day ones. golden grin and big bank. There aren't enough quality multi-day heists though IMO. Golden grin is probably the best but I would love to see a really big complex marathon one. 4 or 5 days.
You are missing out man, the jiro character pack one was awesome. A lot of them were good actually, enough to make me want to buy the dlcs they were promoting.
Well obviously. The reason he is so bad is because he jumps to the very top of the room if you do that and stops you. He can also shoot instantly.
No we really could die of global warming. War, no chance. Starvation maybe but we vertical farming to solve that. Overpopulation is just a cause of the others. Global warming is a larger problem than has ever faced the human race and it's being swept under the rug. For the sake of money fossil fuel lovers will let it destroy the planet until the waves are lapping at the front doors of oil company CEOs.
I've found the complete opposite in a lot of cases. Seriously, very few people are so downright ugly that they actually look bad to me. I'm probably bias because I'm not a very good looking guy but still, at leas t in my eyes, how good someone looks is mental and depends at least 70% on how I see them as a person, not their physical appearance.
Maybe try the free will route then. The whole gods never stopped anything because that would defeat the purpose of free will and he's not going to make an exception here.
They are still probably banging a lot though, just not for that reason.
Well you can get a pc and keep it running pretty much indefinitely for cheapish so long as you don't break shit. You don't have to shell out loads of money for XBONE, paid online and $60 games.
&gt;While NVidia is a great company No I think you just gave a good reason why they aren't. There are loads more too. They make good hardware but they are a terrible company.
Yes, he said that the difference is more subtle than a band covering anothers song, not less.
The first time I heard about them I thought it was just a dumb spelling, then I thought it probably had something to do with beat. Still a dumb name.
How on earth did you pass your test without knowing this?
I think most of europe would be ok with it. That's a pretty loose basis though and it probably depends on a lot else.
Who the fuck ever got an infection from a scraped knee?
Eat less. You don't have to obsess, just eat less than you need per day, it should be fairly easy to estimate if you have gone over your limit or not for the day and simply having smaller portion sizes is enough in most cases. Best rule of thumb for me is not to eat until I'm full, just until I'm not hungry.
There are tons of reasons why it's bad though. I don't see how they can't be enough to make you want to at least try to quit.
That took me way too long to get. Well done.
While I get that it's not for everyone, I think that sucking dick and getting pegged would appeal to a lot more people than currently have tried it or are immediately willing to.
The vast majority could if they tried hard enough.
This wasn't though, this was the free version of bandicam based on the watermark. Unusual but I guess it paid off.
Nah. I'm under 6 foot tall, not flexible and have a pretty average sized dick. You just need to practice.
I was about to say how easy dying lights lockpicking is but yeah, if you're using a controller, just no.
Yeah but even 30 degrees outside temp is like sitting in a sauna so that's a shitty reference point.
Everyone starts out as an asshole. That's a biological fact, it's the first part of the body to develop in the womb.
That sums up the story of the ouya perfectly.
One of my friends running an i3 only remembered when I finally built my pc about a year after he did that he didn't put any thermal paste on. He gets 30-50 degrees C. I envy him. I have a hyper evo 212, thermal paste, don't overclock and get 70-90.
/r/atheism just started campaigning against the word goodbye.
I will never see that the same way again.
It took me a while to pick up on all the inside jokes and acronyms. FTFY definitely held out the longest before I worked it out.
This is literally how I see my life. I avoid groups of larger than four for the most part because otherwise I just naturally blend into the background and become a spectator.
No surprise. Having a child is possibly the most stressful thing a couple can do and probably shouldn't be attempted unless there is no doubt that they are right for each other for decades to come.
They literally addressed this directly though. Unless you realised this having only watched breaking bad and not better call Saul.
Yep, waited too long before saying anything to anyone in school. Love in a town of about 2000 people. Guess I'm alone until uni starts.
99% wouldn't make it out of the ground though and even if they were dug up would be routed away too much to function.
I always thought it was a competitive thing. Like to show off how excessive your wealth is by the most expensive but useless thing you own.
This kind of thing happens all the time but I think something should be said for the fact that the girl should be able to realise the difference between turning them down and just being clueless. And if it was being clueless that made them uninterested, then they really didn't know you well enough anyway.
It's not like people hoard them intentionally, just playing the game without spending them leads to huge hoards no matter what you do and you will almost always get more than you need.
Contraceptive implants are very nearly perfect birth control. No interference in the actual sex, less than 1 in 1000 fail so it's just as effective as a condom and it's pretty much side effect free except the rare case of an allergic reaction. STDs are still an issue though, the best solution to that remains to be not sleeping with people randomly, which kind of makes the whole thing a moot point.
It's one of the biggest cultural differences between the US and the UK and reminds me of what a weird religious phenomenon the US is. Here in scotland most people (young people at least) don't believe in god and believing what you want is no problem. It's just a shame that that attitude isn't shared everywhere. People rail on /r/atheism and there is good justification for that but one of the best things that sub does is help people who are stuck as atheists in deeply religious families or places.
This is more of a problem in the US because of cold war stuff I think. In the UK moderate socialism is a very good thing and most of us are very grateful for the benefits and services the government provides but raise the same stuff in the US and you get called a "filthy communist" or something like that.
Quidquid latine dictum sit melius dicas . Or in english, everything sounds better when you say it in latin.
Tight spaces are like heights or those things that some people find creepy and some find funny or goofy. They're just on the line where the brain isn't sure how to interpret it so some people are terrifyed while others are find. I actually find it quite comforting being in a tight space, pretty much the exact opposite reaction to you.
That doesn't seem weird to me at all.
Yeah they deserve the hate they get for the stuff they've done with assassins crews and Uplay but on the other hand really good stuff with ubisofts name on it still comes out, like grow home.
It's actually not that bad having used it for a couple of games the problem is having to use it. That they force us to use their launcher instead of steam for a handful of games just because they are ubisoft titles. You can still buy the games mostly on steam, but you need to install uplay for arbitrary reasons.
The war that started 2 years after 1912...
As far as I knew there were no wars at that time that were big enough to say that they took all the men out of the country, nothing worthy of conscription or even close to the scale of WW1.
If anything that's better than the coffee, no blame on you, just your parents.
I just always assumed that my veins weren't transparent.
They aren't keeping the prices low though, it's a $60 game.
Letting people create their own emblems was the best and worst thing COD has done.
Damn, I saw it was a mod, for slash damage at that and assumed that it was a "would never happen" because it was actually worthless, turns out it's worth ten times that amount.
I'm that way with women who act or are willfully ignorant or act bitchy just because they can. I don't care if they are physically a perfect 10, I will never find a woman like that attractive.
Shit I wish I had had of the mods used in those builds. Not that snow globe isn't good enough for void defence runs anyway even with 50 cost and no power upgrade but still, time to farm I guess.
Before or after the wedding though, from your description he could've just been bi.
I think it's supposed to be the other tenno in the mission, which of course completely breaks down as soon as you play solo but warframe has a history of just always assuming you are in a group (judging by some bosses lines.)
I'm the guy who didn't have their first kiss until 17 and even I agree with you. At least wait until your not already thrown in a massive crowd of potential matches every day until you go looking for some outside of it.
Second dream would suggest that warframes are literally just weapons, empty metal puppets as hunhow puts it.
That would make sense, I still haven't found a power strength mod.
I'm sorry to say this but... your kubrow looks kinda retarded, are you sure those forma didn't add a couple of extra chromosomes?
That's a hugely skewed perspective. Maybe a large amount of males in their teens and 20s are and it's easy to forget that that doesn't count for the entire population when you're part of them but there are loads of demographics where there is barely any weed use at all I'm sure.
On the plus side the skill to reduce flashbang effects by 75% is super easy to get since the rework.
I've had it with a pistol. Remember melee is a 100% chance so if all else fails just hit them.
Russia still gets recognition as first man in space and that comes up fairly often.
Aced inspire is the only inspire worth having IMO, the giving people a speed boost is situational and comes up way less often than getting flashbanged. I'd sacrifice that and get the flashbang reduction if you can't get inspire aced to revive people.
I'm gonna jump in and point out that for more awesome bioshock story, there is a free ebook called bioshock: rapture that explores the entire story of the founding of rapture, to the point of it's fall. Highly recommend.
They need to earn disabling adblock. Reddit gets whitelisted for me because most of the ads are either subreddits which I actually am interested in or just "here's a silly moose" which you can never complain about.
To be fair scots have done pretty great things everywhere we emigrated to in the past so that might actually have some truth in it.
His explanation makes no sense either. Shock at seeing times new roman used inappropriately. Who really even notices font, let alone considers it genuinely important?
We've all done stuff in the past that, taken on it's own, leaves no other conclusion than we are idiots. Happens to all of us.
I've not heard of this but it's not like it's hard to find stuff like that on other sites, and music is the easiest thing to get a hold of by far.
The person that put in the complaint is actually in the right here. They didn't complain that it was too sexy, just that it was out of character, and it was. The new pose fits tracer a lot better.
I think any policy that allows a firearm to be carried without a license is insanely dangerous and probably shouldn't exist anywhere in the developed world. They definitely made the right call in Australia, USA needs to wake up to it as well.
I'm MR7, only two days ago found out there was a second floor when one of my in game friends took me to see the cephalon at the top to get the quest. Never had any problem on mastery tests though.
Yep, I'm MR7 but I could probably be at least MR15 by now if I was really going for it, I just like using the same things for a while before moving on. I'm picking up the pace now since I realise that some stuff is MR locked but I'll probably slow it right down when I get past MR 12.
Almost new zealand. Still quite a few miles from land though, sucks.
It's ok once you get used to the attack speed.
&gt;firebenders were japanese That's a shame for them then considering that most japanese houses, particularly back in history, were made almost entirely of paper and wood.
You might like [this extra credits episode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_F-Wsvj1t0) on technobabble if you haven't seen it already. It looks at why this kind of thing is a problem in sci-fi in all medias.
I agree. The game hyped it up so much. I expected this awesome equipment that would let me rain havoc on everything and be unstoppable in a really stylish and awesome way. Got flying about in space with clunky movement, underpowered weapons and lackluster abilities.
Exactly as I expected, exactly like every other battlefield but reskinned for WW1, no gameplay or mechanics change whatsoever to match the setting.
And the vision, that was planted in my brain...
It would be difficult to capture though, the war was a transitional period on a larger scale in itself so keeping it coherent and historically accurate while not limiting scale more than they'd like to would be impossible.
There were periods of open warfare at the start and the end of the war. Trench warfare was mostly 1915, there were plenty of good old battles over places in the other years which were more siege like.
Sounds like verdun is the game for you.
Depends on the mechanics. For battlefield it would but it's definitely possible to include realism and still have the game entertaining you just have to not go straight for the adrenaline approach to entertainment. Verdun is a good example.
Not everywhere. Got the st johns ambulance first aid qualification last year and the method used there was still 30 compressions then 2 breaths. The breaths are actually quite important.
You can do stealth with any frame, it's not hard enough to really require abilities. Hell I'm pretty sure I stealthed with frost a couple of times when I couldn't be bothered changing it out (not on sorties of course).
I was amazed to find Ctrl+F only brought up one result for that.
No, we'll always have cancer and chemo will probably be the best treatment for it for a long time but ideally we'll get to the point where it's very effective and doesn't cause the patient as much pain.
Ethernet will always be faster than wifi, and desktops will always have large advantages over laptops and other portable computers.
To me it's the opposite. You only have to deal with telemarketers calling a landline. No company would make a sales call to a mobile phone. At least in the UK.
Born in 1998, don't remember anything pre-2000 but still it bothers me somehow that some people were born after the turn of the millennium.
I'm only just old enough to drive as is. That's UK laws though, I don't think you have to be 17 in the USA.
But steam didn't have a refund policy at all until recently so why would they be forced to implement it now?
Well shit, I thought they did the refund feature as an actual step forward, being good to the community and giving us something we would all love and would make their service better. Nope, just legal pressure.
Fair enough, legal pressure made them implement something but its unfair to say that they didn't go above and beyond the requirement and give us something that is actually a really good system.
Yeah I've been having to use the sort more and more. Either by type and then name or by type, then rarity, which then sorts by name within rarity which is good if I actually remember what rarity something is.
Thought I'd point out that actually there are quite a lot of countries in which the tap water is not drinkable, not because it is dirty, but just because they treat it with different chemicals. In Turkey for example you can't drink the tap water but it isn't dirty at all.
&gt;Germany (Rothenburg): holy shit this entire town is straight from the medieval era By the looks of things I don't think you could've worded it better. I looked up the town and [this](https://www.google.co.uk/imgres?imgurl=https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/71/Rothenburg_BW_4.JPG&amp;imgrefurl=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rothenburg_ob_der_Tauber&amp;h=2592&amp;w=3872&amp;tbnid=N0kWZI8v-0lUSM:&amp;tbnh=160&amp;tbnw=239&amp;docid=Noef4diMYY0RZM&amp;itg=1&amp;usg=__9OWZtVImE_Cg8qVZTFOQjikDbVY=) is the picture google gives by default. I had a similar feeling when I visited strasbourg on the french-german border. In certain parts of the town at least if felt like the architecture was just left over and maintained from hundreds of years ago, probably was.
That makes sense but any restriction on voting is seen as undemocratic. The problem is that we are blasted with propaganda and slandering, not hard facts which actually make the outcome clear. Plenty of people wanted and still want scottish independance just because of scottish pride, to fulfill that bit of william wallace within all of us but that doesn't mean it's a good idea.
There's nothing wrong with that but I think they specifically meant men that go out of their way to act masculine even if that's not how they feel because they feel like they need to give off that appearance.
Being terrible at blowjobs can't be *that* much of a deal-breaker.
Well we don't in most of the world.
It also doesn't really help that in modern war there is no clear enemy. Fighters blend in with the population and you don't know who's stashing an ak-47 and about to shoot and whos just some guy going about regular business.
I feel like this is one where you shouldn't judge too harshly. Nobody actually gets hurt in it's making or viewing because it's all animated and it's miles better than actual CP. You're always going to have people with sexual desires about children and this existing is probably the safest way to cope with that. I think it's just one of those things that you just have to ignore and be glad it's not worse as long as it doesn't actually cause harm or problems.
Yeah but I don't think there's actually a largely increased risk unless it happens over many generations.
The luck element of enemy archers always gets me down. Storming a castle, nearly full health and thinking I'll probably get to fight most of the way. Random arrow out of nowhere, headshot 49 damage and dead. Same deal when playing a cavalry or archer role on the battlefield. You can play around it and that's what makes it fun but I doubt I could solo a large amount of archers without turning combat ai way down.
This vote, like most others, has never been about facts but more about appealing to the uninformed masses.
I thought it was a state too actually. No way I'd know all the states n the US although I could probably name a lot and it's always used in conversation as if it's a state.
It's been like that for long enough that I'm assuming it's a bug, given that you can still find negative reviews if you look in the recent section. I've seen this posted a couple of times after noticing it myself a couple of weeks ago and it doesn't seem likely.
Every other AC game was amazing IMO and 4 was the one that turned me off of the series. I always played them for the plot though.
Blood dragon was a spin-off so saying it was exactly like 3 is a bit of a moot point because that's the point of it. It was more of a small, themed expansion pack than anything but I think it was a good idea.
I'm going to get my license this year, I was 3 when 9/11 happened, no memory whatsoever. I don't live in america though.
Norway is one of those wonder economies though with ridiculously high wages and as such, high cost of living. It's not even close to being representative of europe. Nowhere is though, we're not one country.
WTF? A tv can easily be over £500 in the UK. We get shafted on all technology stuff, and cars.
You'll get there eventually. I'm 17 as well and basically fell into my very first relashionship at the start of this year. Sometimes it happens in the most unexpected ways.
I literally don't know a single person that was rooting for England to win this one. I am Scottish though so heavy bias.
That guy reminds me suspiciously of zombo.com for some reason.
Only in skateboarding would 48 be so ridiculously old that even the best world pro couldn't keep up. He does look old as hell for 48 though, he could be in his 60s.
Wow we have not come far with headphone design in the last 90 years.
Interception is super easy to solo if you can't find anyone to play it properly. All the enemies tend to clump together and you're faster than them so you can just fly between capture points endlessly and win the game. It's pretty tedious but so is all of archwing.
It wouldn't be so bad if the powers were actually semi useful. Odonata is the only one you can get without farming for ages and what do you get? A shield which may or may not stop you from being killed, defensive flares, weak-ass homing rockets that if you're lucky will be useful to kill one enemy and finally, repel, just move them further away.
The only flying guys that I ever had a problem with were mutalist ospreys because they put down toxin that just ignores my shields for 8 seconds but even they aren't that bad if you're paying attention. Just shoot them. I've never normally used abilities more than a couple of times per minute though so maybe I'm gun biased.
I think it's extremely cool. Well below freezing.
You are doing the best kind of marketing right now, this is awesome.
Definitely think that skyrim is way too young for a "test of time" award, wish mount and blade was nominated actually, but it has held up very well.
Just like me with '99
The fact that facebook messenger automatically translates text into emojis is so annoying to me. :) looks a hundred times better in a sentence than that horrid yellow shit that they turn it into when I send the message.
That's true entirely, anything that we do to the earth will be reversed in the grand scheme of things. The problem is that that happens long after we've all died because it's uninhabitable for a few hundred thousand years.
Thanks I was struggling to accurately work it out. **4 more hours!**
£4 pizzas from asdas though, that's some of the best pizza you can get, anywhere and pretty great value. Shame it varies so much depending on where you buy it so you can't get a great one everywhere.
I had just assumed that it was at at least 80% by now.
Thought this was really generous as there aren't that many AC games. Nope. First tier only includes the first game and filler side games that and beat the average still only gives you AC2, which is the first good one as the original has aged badly. Considering they just gave out AC3 for free I would've expected the beat the average to include a few games, maybe up to black flag.
It's understandable, I thought you were a man for most of this story as well. TIFU stories are terrible for not mentioning gender until the very end in a story where it actually makes a difference, like the guy who brought the dildo to Christmas dinner, but didn't clarify if he was a guy or a girl until the very end.
It was really close for a while actually and the final vote was only 5% short of a leave majority.
Yeah it was 45% yes vote 55% no vote but that means that the yes vote only needed another 5% to win.
Well it's more like 5% more I of the people who voted wouldve had to vote yes, because that also necessitates that the no vote got %5 less.
Unless they have an implant or you have actually seen them take the pill enough days in a row to be effective and you know that none of the multitude of things which can possibly negate it apply to them.
Also not spoken basically at all in the uk and probably most of the US
Yeah but chris Hadfield has done a cover now so its about astronauts in my mind and will stay that way. I like the direct narrative better than the metaphor in this one case anyway.
Although it's only one part of the song and not actually relevant at all, I have never been able to not sit a test at school or uni without hearing"done,done and I'm onto the next one."
I went literally every wrong way before noticing the stairs. Through the cemetery, nope. down the stairs to new londo, nope. Down the stairs, through the gate using master key and into blighttown, definitely nope. Came to the conclusion that certain death was in every direction then finally saw the steps leading upwards.
Aw shit critically endangered :(
It's not a complete loss, I learned that there is a Norfolk in Virginia and that the one in England isn't famous enough for that to be the assumed one. Fuck anyone who says London and doesn't mean the one in the UK though.
Yeah but by that time you'll have lived through so much and you'll just go insane after the only thing in the universe is you. That'll keep you entertained
They say losing people never gets easier but after the first few generations I'm sure it'd be fine
I'm currently at my parents house with my laptop, left my desktop behind at uni over the Christmas break. Yeah I've been playing a lot of binding of isaac.
3GB a month for mobile sounds about right for the UK too. I've seen 4GB plans advertised but I think unlimited is quite uncommon or non existent.
This was so popular at my school that for the last year if someone tapped me on the shoulder I would instinctively turn the other way.
Yeah Amazon here has always been a case of they say they'll take 5 days or a week to deliver, and they might get it in 3 if they're quick. With prime they do deliver in one day, after its dispatched, which might take 3 or 4 days
Will they though? The bugs might be anitbiotic resistant but does that also apply to our immune systems? Worst case we have to fall back on quarantine procedures and some people die.
Really didn't expect star wars to be put into disneyland, feels really out of place. Always assumed that star wars was owned by disney but not really part of the core disney thing.
Nah google translate is probably way more reliable than some of the translations the bibles run through.
He doesn't need to have anything to do with them really, just a smart guy thinking about general topics.
Launch game, click squares until you lose. Close game
It's almost certainly not because of the gluten.
It's fine if you just keep your eyes on the bottom half of the image.
It's quite a new thing and not super simple. I found [this article](https://www.cnet.com/uk/news/worlds-blackest-material-now-comes-in-a-spray/) with a quick google search and as it says &gt;There are those of us who would love to pop down to the local hardware store and buy a can of Vantablack spray, but that's not how it works. The UK company uses a proprietary multistep process to apply the spray. Anything you want coated will need to be sent to Surrey Nanosystems.
He means 10-15 less than what you are getting now. I think auto correct turned the word minus into mins.
the fact that their library is actually shrinking is worrisome to me. They should at least get a few older but held in high regard films like the matrix to bolster their library.
I know trump does the American version, but I just cannot imagine the apprentice being done by anyone other than Alan Sugar.
If you're rear ended legally the person who ran into you is always in the wrong. They are in the wrong 99% of the time as well even from any other standpoint.
Some are if you're talking about accidents in general but there are very few scenarios where you're going to run into the back of someone and not be in the wrong, and if that is the case then it's almost certainly because they are doing something very wrong themselves. Pretty much the only remaining scenario is sudden and completely unexpected technical failure.
that's great though, they won.
Whether you are rooting for the nazis or not, it's definitely right to be rooting for Hitler, because him dying basically means atomic war.
The 5 senses one is still something I regard as true. Yeah we have others but they're mostly stuff that's nothing like the McIntosh 5, like the sense of where any part of your body is at any given time. Come on, that's not in the same league as sight or hearing.
Guys are even more extreme than girls as far as ambiguous ages go. There are 14 year olds that look 19 and vice versa, probably more extreme examples than that are common too.
Don't see why you're getting downvoted, this is hardly an AMA. They've cherry picked questions about stuff they want to talk about and posted what they have to say as "answers". All about content, none about fixes or mechanics, just as you'd expect from gaijin.
I actually want to play witcher 3 just for gwent now I've heard such good things on reddit. I'm sure the rest of the game is great, but I really want to know what this gwent stuff is about.
YOU DO NOT CONFORM! COMMENCE THE DOWNVOTES!!!
Unless otherwise specified, they're talking about erect length. Not only is that the more important number, but it's also way more consistent as flaccid length tends to vary for a huge number of reasons.
Sure but making a difficult prediction is really more of a guess than a prediction. This is reasoned out at least.
&gt; with real mashed potatoes Is there another kind? Googling as I'm typing this actually and it appears that instant mashed potatoes are a thing. eugh.
Would it really though or would it just change the next 6 months? Money without income will always run out and 10K is less than a years salary for the vast majority of jobs, it's not going to last forever. Unless you can find a way to use that money to gain permanent income, it's really quite meaningless.
You can have a completely blank one too but yeah you can probably lump the default most visited page and an actual blank page together.
If you aren't already, start using the reddit is fun app. Both the official app and the mobile site are bad enough to make the experience worse.
It was still good enough that I didn't catch it on the first loop, which is really good enough
It's not us only but I just realised it's only on android so if you have an iPhone that's probably why you can't find it.
Also really freaks some people out if they speak to you and you turn to speak to them but just keep typing as well, bonus points if you don't make any mistakes.
Where I'm from in scotland though we still don't have ATMs where you can deposit money though, which I've heard are a thing in the USA, so tellers still have some use. that and all the more complex things they do. I can't imagine having to go to the desk every time to withdraw money though (well I can, but it's weird)
They can advertise, just not on google.
I want to know if it's actually got any recognition of the room and where it's going or if it's just swimming randomly though. Like if it hits a wall is it more likely it'll go the other way?
This article took me by surprise http://www.unitednews.org/unusual-tradition-scottish-town-sees-bananas-banned-one-day/ i grew up 10 minutes away from portsoy, the boat festival was a big event for a tiny town there is definitely no such thing as a tradition against bananas there. Sounds like they just took a name of a tiny place and bet that nobody would recognise it so they could make up whatever story they wanted.
I can't believe I never thought to check if there was a film adaptation of 1984
Dark souls on pc is also locked to 30. The first one certainly is anyway, I think the others are too.
Yeah really seems like luck is a massive factor as well as volume.
I would say she's fat. She's not onese maybe but she's we'll above average
that makes sense though because 4 was basically a pirate game running on the AC template. AC2 is the real foundation of what makes an assassins creed game when done extremely well and brotherhood, revelations, and 3 built on that. AC4 and onwards just went off in completely different directions.
I didn't think suicide was actually legal anywhere, just there isn't really any charge for it, since you're dead.
Could this be a difference in your specific case? For example if you have the PC connected via ethernet and the ps4 by wifi then the ps4 could just have higher latency from that. It probably is the case though that ps4 simply isn't as good for it.
At this rate I think I'll be surprised if he makes it the year.
There's a lot of rationalising someone can do if they don't want to see something. Hank also may just not have thought that walt would ever do something like that.
I just link them to the [cgp grey video on the subject](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlI022aUWQQ)
Never found libtard funny but that's the first time I've seen republicunt and thought that was quite good actually. Probably loses that with overexposure though.
How is that even possible? Nobody can be that in denial of reality.
This is 2017 santa, don't assume it's gender.
"Hello Kyle, I am Kyle"
Yeah most likely thing is that they only looked at BR for arcade, and not realising it changes between modes or something similar.
Wow that one really highlights it in ways the gif just doesn't because of the zoom. Really captured an awesome moment.
You don't know that he does though, he's probably just bringing it up because it's the topic of the post and he'll have different priorities when playing normally.
K. I'm just gonna keep grinding out a new jet 3K rp at at time in PvE.
CRT monitors. Or basically any screen that's boxy instead of flat.
Replace the word "tube" in the youtube link with "pak".
I've won it a couple of times playing tier 1 or 2 germany. Stug IIIA is amazing for it.
Chivalry is already pretty old though, and it was never nearly as big name as For Honor in terms of how much marketing went into it.
It probably doesn't matter, since we're talking about percentage drop then it was probably around equal on all platforms.
I don't think anyone has a bad opinion of Stephen Hawking though. We don't have that stuff as much in the UK since healtcare isn't for profit and that makes the doctors seems more trustworthy and decent. Scientists have always been portrayed well too I would say but that's probably personal bias.
He's more than smart enough to assume that he's made an informed opinion before saying that, rather than just spouting it out. The field he chose to work in is irrelevant.
I think anyone who has recieved significant medical treatment in the UK has a similar attitude. I've got Crohns disease and the medication costs somewhere between £300 and £400 per dose (1 dose every 2 weeks, some people are on double that). I am immensely grateful to the NHS that I was able to get short term treatment when I got bad before diagnosis, then see multiple specialists, get diagnosed, and get put on a successful long term treatment plan, 100% for free.
Makes me want to go and read Metro 2033 again.
You're right, and I could also speak about the fact that it took a year for them to diagnose me, or that people are left waiting for surgeries and even consultation appointments for months or even years, or that there aren't enough doctors and the ones they have are underpaid and overworked. I've known people that have died because of negligence in the NHS as well. But despite all that I still think it's a largely positive experience.
Also as a hypothetical given the terrain there maybe setting up ambushes with anti tank guns, although I suppose you could count the RPG as that.
Dammit I'm only 70k away from it myself.
I think it's a stretch to call that sexual assault. It's done in a very lighthearted mood and scene and it was only a peck on the lips.
It's just not the same without the salt filled screaming in the chat afterwards.
Wow that never occured to me. Or that fact that toy story could be considered not great quality animation.
And all in one day too!
At least gives the character some... character. Official poster you could paste in anyone and it would have just the same effect, which isn't much.
Someone on the /r/photoshopbattles thread about this had a similar idea and redrew it as a ps2 game box cover.
/r/watchpeopledie can be pretty brutal but I'm usually more shocked at the stuff here.
As if the US could ever create a utopia where everyone is equal and the need for money, much less poverty, is a thing of the past. Star Trek would be the end result of somewhere like Norway running the entire world.
When you put in that way I'm surprised the US didn't start doing it before Russia did.
Harder targets are with more anyway as bombs are limited so never use bombs on anything guns can take out.
I'm pretty sure that this is the number one reason the first game failed. Launching a brand new IP on anything but steam is bound to cause a loss in sales. Mass effect and Battlefield get away with it because they're huge names.
Well it's just the story I always heard and took as fact, silly me for believing the interent. I was sure it was that Chess was solved with relatively little computing power quite a long time ago, but Go was the game that couldn't be solved by brute force and that's why the ai that beat the best Go player was special.
I was aware of all this, but it sounded like the story of how computers recently reached grandmaster levels of Go, not chess. I've done some googling myself though and it corroberates that we can't brute force chess yet though.
Everyone get hyped for Total War: Pingu
Someone's been playing too much Just Cause 2.
I still do!
Glad someone's collecting them, I'm interested to see German and British air forces but too lazy to do that much research myself.
Saw the post on /r/warthunder, just came here and was hoping I'd see it on top of all time, and sure enough, although it took until most of the way down the first page.
I haven't played much tanks but I have played the Zis-30 and even with that it still doesn't matter much. TDs like that have basically no manuverability or survivabliity, yeah the guns great and you can avoid getting shot at all sometimes but it'll take 20 seconds to reload and you only get 20 shells total.
It's a lot easier when you don't basically have a continent to yourself. I mean mexico is pretty much already as much of a problem as it ever could be and what else is there? Canada? Like they'd ever start a war.
You can but you don't know how long you might want to say with that job if interviews don't work out. Saying you're attending interviews is probably gonna get you fired as soon as they can find a replacement.
From the UK and I literally only know they exist from The Simpsons.
Not quite but effectively yes. They filed a cease and desist against OpenIV (their website [here](http://openiv.com/)), which is basically the backbone of all single player mods for GTA. You essentially can't mod without it, or if you can, it's many times more difficult.
Nope, not unless someone develops an alternative to OpenIV that somehow doesn't get caught in rockstars sights, you're basically fucked.
They literally only banned OpenIV though, which only deals with single player mods. Who would've thought that online hackers would outlive single player modders?
That sounds accurate, in some places more than others.
We have the NHS in the UK and it isn't legal yet, and keeping someone on life support or care here just costs the government massively, no profit to be had.
TL:DR of why it's so bad for those of us not familiar with it?
Strange, Facebook messenger is popular here in the UK too but I'd say that pretty much everyone at least has whatsapp as well.
We've basically been living in an era of world peace since WWII. The US keeps getting into wars yeah, and the middle east is fucked, but there hasn't been anything really major since WWII ended.
Depends where you look, if you're only looking at the really big releases from major companies like EA or Activision then that's what you'll find. Indie devs are doing amazing things these days though, and some of the best games come out of medium sized companies, which are big enough to produce something of a decent scope, while also being small enough to not get caught up in big company business strategy.
I think I was on my 5th viewing of Airplane before I thought to look up that actors name and figured out that Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was a meta joke.
This is why I like the new PvE mode, basically get a new modification after every game and don't have to rage at how terrible the stock plane is.
You sure? I think that you can get pretty far with paper airplanes with trial and error, you don't really need to understand the aerodynamics, just be able to compare results.
I feel like saying you're going back to the USA is cheating considering how basic the technology of Native Americans was until Europeans got there.
Some other guy pointed out the fire lance, made in the 900s in china. It was basically the first firearm.
I wish it had worked out like that. Seriously we have so much land that's just empty desert, would be perfect to put solar panels there and you could fit enough there to power literally everything once you solve the problem of transporting power. But no, we have to worry about expenses, and we cling to non-renewables like oil and coal.
That would be terrifying and awesome but (un)fortunately there's pretty much no way that any really large animals or sea monsters exist, they would require massive amounts of food which just doesn't exist that deep in the ocean.
This is such a US central view though, because in most places healthcare like this isn't profit based and research is probably government run. In the UK if we had a cure for cancer we would absolutely be using it, chemo costs the NHS a huge amount every year and that's taxpayer money.
Only one half of your brain is verbal though so both this voices are on the same side, the other half of your brain is entirely in your subconscious and can't speak.
Well we like to think that verbal brain is also the one that is conscious since you decide what you say and you have just found out about the other brain from this thread. Does the nonverbal half know about you, the conscious half? We may never know.
This is great news. I haven't even checked out any mods for the first TW:WH yet but it's great to know that they're still going to be supported as the series continues.
I still think of there as 5 senses though. Most of the other ones are either stuff that I would lump in with "touch" when talking in laymans terms, or they're internal senses, where the 5 main ones are clearly about taking in external information.
For a while it was in a half life 3 sort of state where it was kinda assumed that it was really dropped, it actually is back in development and is coming out soon now though, it was at E3 and we've had gameplay.
Flying straight there works for me. I'm flying a Do-217 and I find that most of the time I can at least destroy one base before being shot down, sometimes 2, and sometimes I even get a second run. People don't go for the intercept that often really.
So often, and the steam summer sale is about to start so it's almost guaranteed to be on there, probably 75% off.
Sounds like you're actually playing like beastmen would lore-wise.
Empire are definitely the most rounded. Most factions are a bit more specialised. Vampire counts have no ranged units, dwarves have no cavalry etc, but empire has some of everything and does a decent job at getting you used to the game, as well as being just the generic human faction obviously.
This is so true actually. I do listen to some pretty great music while washing my dishes though.
"Run" was only ok in my opinion so I'm going to be cautiously optimistic, foo fighters have some really good stuff but no entire albums of greatness I don't think.
Sim battles you just have to look at the room list and see what's there, normally there are a couple of games open and hopefully it's with a nation and br you want to play.
Warhammer will probably still get more attention than usual though since it's the first fantasy game, and probably brought in a lot of warhammer fans.
Bukkit got shut down? Why did that happen? I remember when I was into minecraft that it was basically everywhere.
Which will probably make a pretty huge difference. I'm playing on an r9 290 but still have an A10-7850k as my cpu from when I built my computer. I've seen people say that on War Thunder they get well over 100 fps, sometimes over 200 at max settings with a 290. I struggle to get 60 on high.
This community can get super bad with drama about balance and stuff but for the most part it's great, and I spend at least as much time here as I do actually playing. Also if you actually don't have any clue about the tier system, it's just the progression system for the game. Basically all the vehicles are split by quality into 5 tiers and you start at tier one and unlock one at a time, only allowed to unlock a vehicle of the next tier when you have a certain number of the ones in the tier below it. For perspective with planes tier 1 is largely biplanes and tier 5 is jets.
I would expect on the EU servers that UK and even German tanks are probably more popular.
Seriously it's so bad I can't believe they haven't changed it. 2 week login bonus is literally worse than the day 1 login bonus, I'll take a random small chest over a test drive any day.
Really? I thought fallout 4 finally made it right after the near unplayable state it was in New Vegas.
Oh yeah I know they cut down the RPG aspects massively, but I still feel like New vegas would've been far improved with fallout 4s shooting mechanics, or F4 would've been improved with New Vegas' RPG elements.
I remember my friend in primary school would keep all his game cases stacked on top of the ps2, because that was the only way it would boot up.
Depends where they go to. I'm in Scotland but my university doesn't even have catered accommodation, whereas my friends uni (which is significantly older and more prestigious although not necessarily better) has pretty much only catered accommodation with only a small amount of self catering.
Didn't see the comment at first and thought the mix-up was someone thinking a Harry Potter playmobil was Martin Luther.
So that you actually have to check your targets and be careful with explosives.
Yeah I agree about the trolls. They can be pretty high damage units but I'm so happy when I only see one unit of them because I know that I can just focus fire and they'll rout before they even reach the front line. That's single player and not on a super high difficulty though, don't know how well balanced they are for MP.
Holy shit unexpected Judas Priest.
The funny thing is that I simultaneously think it's alright because the end result is good, and I feel like it's deceptive and shitty because they're lying. Just show us the good graphics, don't pretend that you're 5 years ahead of everyone else, we'll like the good graphics and won't feel like you've lied to us when the game comes out.
Well it happened because of auto companies lobbying for it so actually it is *very* capitalist.
When she noticed the camera and said "I don't give a fuck" I wonder if she knew they'd get 661,000 views on pornhub. Lotsa people seen them fuck now.
Not like all birds, ducks have penises, crazily long explosive spiral penises at that.
Youtube has enough of a monopoly that they don't need to worry about people leaving though, there is no viable alternative.
People said this about obamacare and I just realised that I never questioned it because I was in support of obamacare. Was it the case there that republicans were just obstructing everything or was that also propaganda?
I'm not sure you should be allowed to have a gun if that's how well you judge situations.
