I'm going to show this to my guitar students. "Better practice hard or you'll be replaced by Lego robots."
I used to have insomnia - and still do some nights. These are some of the things that worked for me: * Brush teeth and change into pajamas at least an hour before going to bed. Some people learn to associate brushing teeth with waking up in the mornings, and feel more alert afterwards. * Make a quick list of things to do the next day. Make sure there's a pad and pen beside the bed. * Always have at least two alarm options - phone, watch, alarm clock etc. Some people worry about sleeping in so much that they can't sleep. * Phase in sleep. Don't shut off the TV and expect to fall asleep right away, you can't do it. Transition into quiet. TV off at least half an hour before bed. If you read, all other lights should be off. Get a reading light dimmer, and about 15 minutes go to a lower setting. Your eyes will strain a little harder and will want to close. * Give yourself some time after the lights are out to think about things. I like to think about snowboarding through powder or riding my bike through a forest. I don't think about my day, about work, about tomorrow, or anything that can get me riled up. That's my time. * I don't worry about closing my eyes. If I'm relaxed, they'll close on their own. * If I can't fall asleep I try to figure out why. Is there something I need to write down? Is there a noise I'm not used to? A light that's distracting me? Do I have to pee? Even something small, like the fact that my pajamas are twisted, will keep me up. Like I said, these things work for me. I hope they can work for you.
You can probably sleep on planes, trains and automobiles too, you bastard!
I actually think it's brilliant in a meta art sense. There's always a larger commentary being made in an art project this big, and the fact that these images were effectively stolen is part of that message. There's the whole "living in public" social media angle, the voyeurism angle, the "authentic private moment made public" angle, the copyright angle, the question of whether we own anything in the Internet age including our own image, as well the beauty of taking something transitory and almost meaningless like an Instagram post and turning into a lasting work of art. I'd really like to hear from the artist. I'd also like it if the artist, his point made, gave half the money to the original owners of the photos.
Yep. Should have replaced Jon. I have no idea who the new guys is, but John Oliver was a perfect choice.
If only America went after wall street criminals with as much vigor as they go after steroid users in baseball, refs who rig NBA games, corrupt European soccer officials, NCAA football championship designations, etc.
My Dark Souls Dream: When you complete the game the first time, you get to enter the bodies of NPCs in the game - random undead and creatures. You can't go out of a given area, but can attack other players as they come through the area. If you complete the second time, you get to come back as a lesser boss. If you complete the game a third time, you get to come back as a bigger boss. Eventually you can play as any character, earning the souls you steal and adding them to your own.
Shitty spelling aside, what is it with Americans - especially the right, but not entirely - vilifying the politicans they disagree with to such idiotic extremes. Obama is Hitler. Obama is a secret radical Muslim. Obama is coming for your guns! Obama is a socialist. Obama is bringing in Sharia law in the U.S. Obama is a traitor. Obama is a dictator. Obama is Illuminati. Obama is a lizard. Obama is the Antchrist. It's natural to dislike politicans from parties you don't support, but I can't think of any democracies where dislike amps up into such intense, polarized, unreasoning, unrepetent hatred! You don't like a politician, you vote them out. It's not some some endless battle of good vs. evil where the soul of a nation is at stake, it's a four year term at the head of a massive bureaucracy with a ridiculous number of checks and balances, followed by another four year term.
Thanks for that!
MK8 wasn't available for download yet, while MK7 and Super Mario 3D were the same price.
People can technically live anywhere if they choose, they're obviously choosing to go elsewhere. A better question would be whether families are willing to live in cramped apartments and condos that are ridiculously overpriced, while earning wages that are lower than in many other cities. The answer, according to the decline in households with children, is no. They can afford some kind of life, but it's not the life they want.
Agreed on the LPC getting killed again, although you'd think they'd have learned something by now. I would not make it a full merger, I would only make it a temporary coalition with a handful of goals - including bringing in proportional representation or ranked ballots and conditions for calling the next election.
A lot is going to happen before the next election, especially when the Liberals and NDP start savaging each other. Remember, the CPC also polled low for a while before rebounding the last time around, then they did better than expected on election night as the usual suspects turned out and the usual slackers stayed home. The NDP/Lib split vote, the result of Jack Layton's popularity, also handed the Cons about 34 seats and the majority if memory serves. As the below polls show, the Cons are still the most popular party overall, with the Libs and NDP more or less tied for second. http://www.threehundredeight.com/ These riding by riding polls suggest that the Cons will win a minority government at the least, with a lot of split votes. http://www.threehundredeight.com/p/canada.html The only thing that can stop a Harper minority - and possible majority - is to form a coalition before the election. If parties form a coalition after the election, which is an option, there are going to be a lot of unhappy people on all sides. EDIT: What I meant by "unhappy" is that a lot of people are going to consider the coalition government illegitimate - including everyone who voted CPC, and LPC/NDP diehards who won't compromise.
Always the brother who gets laser sliced into cubes.
You'll be thinking differently on the eve of the election when the CPC is sitting at over 35% and the returns start coming in. I'm not saying this should be a permanent coalition of the centre-left, but a temporary measure with one purpose - to bring in proportional representation and end this situation where less than 40% of voters are choosing our government.
At my daughter's elementary school, the boys are extremely active and the girls are driven off the field. Technically they can play, but they don't want to - the boys are assholes to each other and to the girls. There needs to be some kind of organized recreation during recess, and the field should be divided in two for boys and girls.
In my school district it's up to the teachers until Grade 8. That's what the fuck I'm talking about. It was also the case in my niece's school district which was in the GVA. Are you serious? Are you mad at everything all the time, or just when you read things on Reddit?
What's Jay-Z saying about this?
What's with that beard? It's like he's hiding something.
Seems weak and does nothing to address organized crime or raise taxes for education and health care. This is the only issue where the LPC have the lead. If legalization is inevitable, the same way gay marriage was inevitable, then stop dragging feet.
I'm not saying do it tomorrow, but have a plan to phase it in. If the election is November, then shoot for September 2016. It's not like we don't have a template - both Colorado and Washington State did it, and in less than a year.
PR win? They could have done this a few years ago when the issue came up.
We're still too far out for the polls to matter, and the Cons always make a strong comeback in the last month. Plus, their followers actually do come out to vote, while the natural constituency for the left - students, young people, immigrants, urbanites - stays home. 4 out of 10 people don't seem to give enough of a shit about anything to take an hour out of one day every four or five years.
Mexico also gives these companies massive incentives to build factories - hundreds of millions in cash (not loans), plus a favourable tax rate.
That was a protectionist move of sorts - VW is going to continue to buy parts made in Canada. I actually know a tool and die maker who makes parts for VW, so it's nice to know his job is being protected. Still, I'm sicking of Canada fighting for scraps. When you compare Canada to any of the Scandinavian countries or a juggernaut like South Korea, we don't have a lot going on when it comes to building world class manufacturing and technology companies. We seem content to sell off our resources with adding value by processing them into usable, finished products.
You're getting the Cup back. Four first overall picks in six years will see to that.
I actually hope I'm wrong, and McDavid isn't that great. I'm so pissed off at the draft - one team gets four first overall picks in six years, while Toronto has had exactly one first overall pick in the entire 52 year history of the draft - Wendel Clark. I really think they should rotate things to make it somewhat fair, or do a completely random lottery. Teams have a better chance of going from worst to first than they do of rising from the middle of the pack.
I really think that most people are naturally polarized to consider two choices at a time - this or that, in or out, on or off, do or don't. When it comes to politics, they want a simple choice - and luckily the LPC is making it simple to vote for one or the other. No nuance or equivocation, which is all the LPC seems to offer these days.
I'm more referring to things like health care, education subsidies, the social safety net for workers and seniors, etc., which all parties support to a certain degree. However, I'd suggest the NDP platform (past and the things Mulcair has said) is a little stronger on those things than the other parties.
Mulcair: I will vote against C-51 and repeal it if elected. Trudeau: I will vote for C-51 and will repeal parts of it if elected. Mulcair: I will bring in proportional representation. Trudeau: I will create a committee to discuss the possibility of changing to an alternative of first past the post. Is it any wonder the LPC is getting creamed in the polls? Do Trudeau and the LPC believe strongly in anything?
Just curious, but why would you saw Obamacare has turned into a disaster? Most of what I've read suggests that while it started out as a disaster, it's actually been quite successful - more people are insured, medical costs are rising more slowly, people aren't being denied coverage, etc. - and getting more successful as time goes on. It's not a universal or single payer health care system like every single other country in the OECD offer its citizens, but surely it's better than the past?
I'm not saying he hasn't done anything, just that he hasn't done or said anything of consequence that has had any effect on the polls. The voters want some red meat and he's giving them broccoli.
I know a lot of people that have been severely misdiagnosed over the years, one of them fatally. One person, a father of a six-month old, broke his back at work. There was no spinal cord damage, but he was going to be sidelined for about eight weeks. Then he started feeling ill, and intense back pain - more a week after the injury than immediately afterwards. He went back and was told the pain and sickness was normal, stay off his feet, blah blah. Then it started to hurt more. He went back and was told the same thing. Then he started feeling really bad, went back and guess what - his organs, injured in the same accident, were infected. They rushed him to the hospital, but it was too late - he died. If they had taken his temperature, poked and prodded around his back to find the source of the pain, taken a blood test, or considered the fact that he could have injured organs in the same accident, he'd be alive and well today. That's just one person. I know siblings that were both misdiagnosed - her with a broken vertebrae, the brother with a belly button thing that was horribly infected and could have killed him. They sent another guy I know in for surgery on a broken wrist, but luckily he decided to get a second opinion on the way to the hospital (it was feeling much better), and was told he would be fine in four weeks. This is just the tip of the iceberg - if I include my father in law's misdiagnosis (he actually picked up a parasite while travelling), my friend's mole ("it's fine" to "it's cancer" in a week), and other issues, then I know dozens of people that have been misdiagnosed or mistreated. And they wonder why people Google things...
Actually got busy when writing and thought I abandoned it...
Fictional quasi-sport - Quidditch is the dumbest game ever conceived. 150 points for catching the snitch, "the team almost always wins"? Why not have a 50-point shot in basketball, or a 30-point kick in football. JK Rowling is a great writer, but not much of a sports fan.
Given the birth rate, and especially teen birth rate, on reserves, it's fair to say that we're letting down one of our most vulnerable populations when it comes to reproductive health. Are we making it too hard to get condoms? Are we not teaching sexual health at a young enough age? Are we not making the knowledge and resources available? Are we letting religious leaders who don't believe in contraception call the shots? (For the record, the current pope is actually on record advocating for smaller families, but still won't approve of contraception.) Seems like an easy issue to fix with education and an investment in health care.
I honestly don't think our licensing program for trophy hunters takes into account other things that can impact wildlife populations - food scarcities, accidents, poaching, etc. All it takes is a bad couple of salmon runs, a few poachers and a couple of trucks at the wrong time and suddenly we go from a "healthy population" to an endangered one in a given area. I understand that these hunts do raise money for conservation, but I find that a little offensive - we really can't find money to preserve something rare and beautiful unless we allow people to hunt a few of them?
Soccer is one sport where statistics make the winners fairly easy to predict most of the time, but anything can happen - home crowds will help, and might influence a few refs as well. Whether they can upset three games in a row is left to be seen, but I'm hopeful!
Somewhere a gopher is running for his life while "I'm Alright" by Kenny Loggins blasts in the background.
Meanwhile you can't have a flat surface of brick or concrete anywhere in Canada that doesn't get tagged by young shitheels who confuse their elegant squiggles with artistry, and this guy's portrait is just sitting there, begging to be vandalized. If government won't force its removal, somebody needs to do something.
I'm more speaking in terms of cultural use of First Nations symbols and culture than an actual political change. Obviously some things are a little more difficult here - lack of treaties, the fact that there are so many different First Nations languages, etc. - but celebrating First Nations in a symbolic way will have a huge impact on the way they're viewed and view themselves on the national stage. The hakka at rugby games has nothing to do with treaties and everything to do with pride. I'd like to honour our own First Nations the same way.
And a combination payday loan, pawn shop and gun store.
His jaw is too fucked up to bite any bullets...
Don't forget strata - a lot of people are encouraging millennials to get into the condo market for their starter homes, and I don't think people realize how much strata is really going to cost. It always starts too low, and increases over time - our strata fees have doubled at my place in less than 10 years, partly because of a new law that requires us to account for depreciation of common assets. It's a good law, but now we're paying about 35% of our housing costs to strata for very little service - some snow clearing, landscaping and insurance. Edit: When I mean it starts too low, I'm talking about new projects. Typically the costs are low, but increase over time to reflect the actual costs. Whether this is a deliberate way to make the units more appealing to the first buyers, I have no idea.
In B.C., strata fees cover both maintenance costs and fixed costs. Previous to last year, you didn't have to include the full cost of depreciating assets like a roof or common space, but that's now part of the reason my fees have doubled since 2006. For a 1,400 square foot townhouse in a complex with about 90 other townhouses, we're paying about $3,500 a year in strata (just under $300/month) - that covers garbage removal, snow clearing, landscaping, electricity costs for street lighting, irrigation, and the maintenance of the grounds and common space - although we have had to pay surcharges for things like painting in the past because we didn't have enough saved up to cover those costs. That's over a full month of after tax salary for me, which is a huge chunk of money when you factor in the cost of the mortgage, ($11,000), groceries, child care, car insurance, house insurance, utilities, etc. Luckily we're a two income family, or we wouldn't be able to afford even our modest house. We haven't saved a dime for our retirement since our daughter was born, and we can't afford to go away. Even worse, our strata costs seem to be increasing every year at a rate that's well above inflation, while our wages are pretty much stagnant. It's becoming a massive burden. My advice for homeowners is to either avoid buying anywhere that has a strata, or to get involved in the strata to protect your investment and prevent other people with more money than you have from signing onto projects you don't need or want. Even then, there's little you can do - there's one company that does garbage removal in my town, we do get snow, insurance costs are increasing, the buildings are aging; it's not like strata is burning money, and they do try to get competitive bids on everything.
The problem is that the stock market, and the need to post quarterly profits, forces short-term thinking on companies that might otherwise take the long view. They need more revenues, and they need them now to keep shareholders happy - and ensure their own share holdings keep their value. However, I think an honest announcement - "the media landscape has changed drastically, and it's clear that we can't go back... this is what we're doing to move forward" - would go better than they expect, and prevent shareholders from jumping ship.
Still, Google Fiber could have started in New York, LA or Chicago where there's enough population density to justify the investment, but instead I think they chose Kansas. If they can make a go of it in smaller markets, then I imagine Toronto, Vancouver and Montreal should be relatively easy.
Attack ads are nothing new, but the idea of creating arm's length third-party organizations to raise money is new.
Hopefully Mulcair's advisors have a plan in place to keep the numbers high. July - "After studying the U.S. experience, the NDP is in favour of the regulation and legalization of marijuana, with an emphasis on harm reduction and making it harder for vulnerable teens to get. Prohibition has not worked." Instant bump in the polls. August - "If elected, one our priorities would be to create a national Pharmacare program, reducing drug costs for patients and taxpayers." Seniors and people caring for seniors will ditch the CPC and Liberal Party. September - "We will form a national working group to review our participation in various trade agreements, such as the TPP - the details of which we will make public. Trade agreements must be mutually beneficial and fair, and right now it's not a level playing field for Canada." October - "Youth unemployment is too high in this country, and wages are too low for young people starting out in life. Meanwhile the TFW program has displaced young workers from starter jobs, and needs to be greatly reduced or scrapped completely. You need experience to get a good job, and we have to start providing young high school students, university students and grads with experience, as well as access to training and funds that would encourage entrepreneurship. We will initiate an employment program that encourages the hiring of youth by private agencies, as well as other programs that employ these youth directly." Boom, elected.
And, by benefiting the wealthy, it also robs the federal government of billions in taxes, which has two outcomes - the rest of us pay more taxes to effectively subsidize a tax break for the rich, or our country slashes programs that help lower incomes while sinking further into debt. Stupid, stupid, stupid. Nobody asked for this, nobody needs it. The NDP and LPC oppose it, and hopefully will turn it into an election issue.
Shouldn't stop you from making it federal policy and trying to make a change. I think the provinces would agree on a lot of different things, including what to do about the senate, if given the chance - and as long as they don't use that opportunity to try to force through a lot of other things, and stick to the issues.
Pharmacare is being discussed as a cost-saving method. We'd still pay for drugs like we do now, just get a larger bulk discount. Hospitals and health authorities would pay less for what they're already using, and end users like myself would pay less as well. There's no downside, other than the concept of provincial exceptionalism, and the possibility that provinces would want more control over the program - and they don't, most provinces are looking for savings right about now.
A lot has happened since 2012, including the realization that the auto manufacturing industry will basically be dead here in a few decades. Our auto parts manufacturers are doing well and should survive, but the industry is dying - and NAFTA is part of the problem. http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/carmakers-say-adios-to-canada-as-mexico-shifts-into-higher-gear-1.3108148
Yup. And there are no sanctions, for some reason, so we don't really have much of a choice.
Some birds hop, others waddle, others walk and run keeping their heads still, but pigeons are crazy head bobbers. I assume there's a good reason for it, but I can't imagine how they evolved that way.
No, they're not the only birds that bob, but there are lots of other ways that birds get around on their feet that seem more efficient.
Reddit answers are more entertaining. And besides, there seems to be a few different theories floating around. Sometimes on askreddit you get an answer that is better than anything else out there.
It's not just labour, although they have a massive population willing to do just about anything, China keeps its dollar artificially low, environmental standards are almost non-existent, and they probably don't have the safety or quality inspection regime of North American or European processors.
It's hard to get over, but wow is it liberating when you let all of that go and try to love everybody. I'm not religious even a little bit, but that was a Jesus moment for me.
Mine was. http://imgur.com/YV1YbBQ I actually don't have a baby photo on my new laptop, found this one from around 11 months. I know my own take is subjective, but all kinds of people would take her picture from day one, and every nurse in the hospital came by to see her and hold her while my wife recuperated from her C Section - and I was told that was something that never happens.
Anybody else out there see this a positive? I live in a tourist town, and we're busy - very busy. Oil is a boom and bust industry that's unsustainable at the end of the day, while tourism is generally more steady and more sustainable (if we could offset jet fuel and rubber tire traffic) - and it was left to rot under the Harper government. A door closes, a window opens. The oil patch and its investors/workers are suffering, but tourism is up, the market for other Canadian resources should be increasing right about now, and manufacturing is poised to stage a comeback. Plus, Canadians will spend more money at home. Something like 85% of the U.S. economy is domestic. Not sure where Canada is, but it wouldn't kill us to rely a little less on imports and buy more goods produced here.
Values. Biden and Sanders share a lot of opinions on the working class and the same vision for America. Just watch his speeches from the last time he ran in 2008.
It takes time, but when oil was $150 a barrel, there was an upsurge in Canadian manufacturing because the cost of transporting goods from China leveled the field for us for a little while. I don't know if anything like that will happen again, but a few experts expect that it will. Don't forget we already have a value-added industry in Canada that processes timber into boards, pulp, veneer, etc., raw ore into usable minerals, oil into plastics, plastics into autoparts, etc. that has survived decades of globalization. Now the products made by those companies are discounted 30%. Some manufacturing is already picking up.
Adam Driver's acting was first-rate. The way he presented his internal conflict, and lack of confidence in his powers, was amazing. Darth Vader was scary because you had no idea what he was thinking or feeling, but when Kylo Ren's mask is off he's a hot mess. You almost feel sorry for him. As to why he took the mask off earlier, the scene where he tries to draw out Rey's memories works way better with a face.
A small but important step in the right direction. I'd like to see Canada become an R&amp;D powerhouse, leveraging our excellent schools, and managing patents and innovation for a net benefit. The return on investment is huge.
I guess the man-made earthquakes aren't helping the natural gas industry either.
I started buying organic a few years ago, mostly because of the delivery option from Spuds. The prices are higher, but what I discovered was that we now throw next to nothing out. When you pay $2.50 for a cucumber it's no big deal if it rots, but when it's $5 you eat the whole thing. You meal plan and you eat everything, throwing out next to nothing. Something like 40% of food winds up in the composter or dumpster, but in my house it's probably less than 10%. In other words, higher food prices don't have to be a disaster for anyone, just keep to a plan, don't impulse shop, and eat what's in your fridge. Source: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/life/the-hot-button/how-much-in-food-do-canadians-waste-a-year-think-billions/article4580509/
At the risk of being hunted down and murdered, I'd have to add policemen and firefighters. Aside from a few tragedies like 9/11 these are generally safe jobs compared to commercial fisherman, highrise construction, long-haul truckers, anyone in forestry, etc. You probably have a greater chance of being injured on the job as a nurse. Heroism is what you do, not the job you pick - unless it's something like Doctors without Borders. Why does this matter? Because in my town there are something like 18 full-time firefighters, and 15 of the them are making over $100K a year. I don't know what police make, their salaries aren't disclosed, but I've heard it's more than that. Meanwhile, we have about four house fires a year and about one car accident every month. We've had one murder in 40 years. If you look at deaths on the job in my area, almost all are in forestry, with a few electrical workers and professional drivers on the list.
$2.50 is a low winter price where I live for a generic, hothouse cucumber. The organic versions are $4 to $5.
It shouldn't be, we're far too trusting. A few case workers and investigators watching wire transfers and making random calls would probably uncover a lot of these scams. I hope anybody who used these services is on a flight home soon. There are lots of immigrants and refugees far more deserving of Canadian citizenship. In my view, if you cheated to get here, you're probably going to cheat once you're here.
I live in a mountain resort town. Our prices are probably double what they are about 40 minutes down the highway. Still, $2.50 is easily what people in Vancouver pay when they shop at places like Whole Foods.
I've had a six year wage freeze in the private sector (former newspaper reporter followed by two years at the same wage in the private sector) and my experience is obviously different than yours - I know very few private sector workers that have seen much in the way of increases, including cost of living adjustments. Where I live, the average wage is just over $40,000. Everybody working full-time for our municipality is making over $50,000, not including benefits. Your potential to earn more is higher in the private sector, given that's where all the entrepreneurs and highest paid professions are - including doctors who bill government for services - but for most people it's low paying, zero security jobs with terrible benefits. http://globalnews.ca/news/1359634/reality-check-comparing-ontarios-public-and-private-sectors/ http://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/the-public-sector-advantage-better-pay-pensions-and-job-security-1.1225327 http://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/private-sector-workers-earn-less-work-more-report-1.2292650 http://www.cfib-fcei.ca/english/article/6069-government-wages.html http://www.macleans.ca/economy/business/the-new-upper-class/ There are some reasons for the disparity, like a smaller wage gap between men and women, but overall the public sector pays very well.
Inflated ego? Check Overblown financial credentials? Check Complete lack of empathy? Check Doesn't think before he speaks? Check He could use a few ex-wives and a bad toupee, but otherwise O'Leary passes the Trump test.
Any members of the party can theoretically run, and go through the vetting process.
Harper was at least somewhat capable of nuance, and changed his mind about things once in a while. Trump and O'Leary don't have it in them to see another side to any issue.
I think the better plan is the Canadian one that would involve refining the oil here and selling processed gasoline in Canada, the U.S. and overseas. China would still be a customer, but in the event of a nautical disaster - which is a virtual certainty over time - gasoline is far safer for the environment and easier to clean up.
Because of the value of the dollar? You'd really move to a country with 64 million people, essentially twice Canada's population, jammed into an area two thirds the size of British Columbia?
I approve. Now bring back gym teachers. When I was in elementary, we had a full-time gym teacher in the school, we had a uniform to wear, and we had gym five days a week. Now? My daughter has gym twice a week with her regular teacher (e.g. not a trained gym teacher), and the kids wear whatever clothes/shoes they have with them that day. You can blame video games and TV for childhood obesity, but the schools need to be healthier as well - and research shows that active kids will be better at retaining all that coding knowledge.
He hates this can! Seriously, what's going on here.
At least we get the aftermath - ref banned, etc. etc.
The U.S. will sign, Sanders will, unfortunately, not be president. And once the U.S. is part of the treaty, they will do what they did under NAFTA and sue/screw Canada at every turn.
Trudeau's position is that we may not have a choice - if we're not in the TPP then it stands to reason that the other countries will trade more with each other and Canada will miss out on any of the benefits of those open markets. We lose if we join, we lose if we abstain. And if TPP doesn't happen at all, China will continue to benefit from the uneven playing field they've created, and we all will lose eventually. In that light, TPP could be a good thing if it were written by governments for the betterment of the people instead of by corporations for the betterment of themselves.
I hope I'm wrong, but overall polling is stronger for Clinton outside of the primary states and in the end the winning candidate is the one with the most national delegates at the convention. You can win the early primaries in Iowa and New Hampshire and still lose.
You could make the programs revenue neutral and ensure that every cent goes where it's intended rather than government coffers.
GST isn't regressive, it's entirely based on consumption - the more you spend, the more you pay. If anything it's progressive.
That's actually just your opinion on what qualifies as regressive, what we're arguing has been argued about the GST many times with no definitive answer - opinions among experts vary. In my opinion, which I am entitled to despite your clever phrasing and deft use of the dictionary, GST is progressive because high earners do tend to pay more of it while lower income people tend to get a GST rebate cheque in the mail and an income tax exemption of $11,327. With the exception of the super rich, the higher your income, the more you tend to spend, the more GST you pay. You shop in more expensive stores, you buy more expensive things, you eat out more at nicer restaurants, and you pay taxes on everything. In my case, probably 80% of our transactions are exempt.
The buck has to stop somewhere. I've had a few dealings with Microsoft lately, and it's been completely underwhelming. Nothing works, nobody seems to know how to fix it, and nobody seems to be in charge or responsible for anything. I once swore I'd never go back to Apple, but this is the last generation of Microsoft hardware/software that I will ever own.
The Bank of Canada could have done a few things in the past five years to curtail our growing household debt, but instead made the problem worse by doing nothing. Every quarter there would be rumours of an increase, but it never happened - and the benefits of keeping the rate low also never materialized. Meanwhile, people made real life decisions based on the fact that they thought that rates were increasing at some point - like locking down mortgages at higher rates than they would be paying for variable. My wife and I did that for half of our mortgage (we split it), a decision that cost us about $8,000 in interest over the past four years.
Raise rates? There was a bit of an economic boom after 2010 that lasted until the oil crash, and nobody would have batted an eye or been bankrupted if rates went up to 2% or higher during that time. After the 2001 crash, interest rates fluctuated between 3% and 4% and the housing market didn't crash, or the bankruptcy rate explode.
Please don't pretend that economic experts and business journalists - people who do know what they're talking about - are united in their support for the Bank of Canada, there have been lots of criticisms about the lack of action and the impact that low rates have had on housing prices and debt.
No doubt there was some corporate largesse going on, but judging from reports out of the oil patch a lot of the oil money was reinvested in pipelines, plants and the expansion of operations and capacity. A huge number of laid off workers were working in construction.
Are you looking for a definitive definition of high income? Where I live the median is just over $40,000, and $50,000/year would be considered high. In Vancouver, the median is higher but the cost of living is higher as well - someone considered "high income" based on wages may actually be struggling to make ends meet. Rather than trying to focus on a one-size-fits-all income for your thesis, I'd recommend looking at three or four different markets across Canada - Toronto, Vancouver, Montreal and Halifax if you want to focus on cities, or pick four regions to capture rural communities as well.
We need a word for things that approach a Gilliamesque level of awesome. Gilliastic. Gilliacular. Progilliar. Gilliesque.
Interference could be called, but usually refs will wait for actual physical contact or an attempt to block out a player. This looks so casual that I doubt the ref noticed - and if they noticed I doubt they would call it because it happens all the time. It's up to the defenceman to control their stick and not get taken out of the play by a street hockey trick every seven year old tries to get away with.
It's hard to create carnage when you're driving at a third of the legal limit, enjoying the branches of the trees overhead.
Decriminalization is NOT the answer, it doesn't create taxes, regulate the industry and distribution, curtail organized crime, or lead to any of the real benefits of legalization - it just saves courts and the police time and money.
Squeaky wheel, no disrespect intended. Breast cancer outraises colon cancer 10 to 1 because of the people involved and their ability to organize. Men tend to think of suffering as our duty, and honestly probably never joined the dots between all of the fatalities and disappearances because they weren't organized.
Are you saying volunteer, or do you mean paid on call? There's a difference, and if those volunteers are paid to train and when called out on jobs, then it's a job and workplace standards should absolutely apply. As for the dying part, firefighting is an incredibly safe job in Canada. Aside from 9/11, and a few catastrophes involving forest fires (and those are usually not residential firefighters), it's a safer career than dozens of jobs. Commercial fishing operations, highrise construction, forestry, mining, professional driving, rail, agriculture, etc. are at a far higher risk. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/life/the-hot-button/and-the-top-10-most-dangerous-jobs-are/article16352517/
The root causes are the same no question, but the inquiry will look at far more than that - the resources women have to escape addiction, abusive relationships and prostitution for example, and the way prostitutes are treated by police. These are things that are important but don't have a natural male equivalent. An inquiry for men could look at things like gangs, drug programs, the prison and correction system, rehabilitation, etc.
The idea of filling out a form in this day and age is ridiculous. Put everything online and automate - only people who have changes to make or things to add outside of regular employment should have to file anything.
If there's a lesson here, it's to tell all the land developers out there to start building up and leave our farmland alone - food security, and maintaining the ability to grow our own food even if the economics don't work for the current generation of farmers, is a more important long-term goal.
I figured that since every drop in value of the Loonie and tidbit of negative economic news gets posted here we should also acknowledge the rallies.
That's no skate, that's Jabba the Hut on a toboggan.
I would say they've been completely consistent - the LPC was always leaning towards yes on the TPP, but agreed during the campaign to make the contents transparent and to review the details.
Isn't Xanax famous for triggering psychotic episodes and suicidal thoughts in some people? There's no way anybody on this drug should be allowed to own a firearm. Read the side effects: http://www.drugs.com/xanax.html
Moral judgements and anti-nuclear proliferation. The world, and especially Israel, really didn't want the Supreme Council of the Cultural Revolution to have the bomb.
Thanks for saying that, nothing on this thread talked about the ref - who might have a concussion of his own after that, he barely got his hands out.
You should see rugby's concussion protocol these days - if a player is hit in the head or is slow getting up, the ref sends them to an impartial doc who makes an assessment. If the doc is concerned, they're taken off the field immediately for a more detailed examination. Sometimes the player is allowed to return, sometimes they're removed from the game. The important thing is the coaches have nothing to do with it, or only partly qualified team trainers under pressure to keep the players in the game.
Wideman said he didn't see the ref and couldn't avoid him, not that he wasn't seeing clearly after the hit: http://www.sportsnet.ca/hockey/nhl/dennis-wideman-on-linesman-hit-i-couldnt-avoid-it/ The thing is, he could have absolutely avoided him, and he definitely shoves/crosschecks the ref to the ice - and then skates off. When you accidentally bump into a ref you try to catch him, and you apologize after. I think he was pissed off and overreacted. There might be some head injury involved, but he kept playing and didn't say it - even though it was probably the only excuse to save him from a suspension.
http://www.sportsnet.ca/hockey/nhl/dennis-wideman-on-linesman-hit-i-couldnt-avoid-it/ If it was an accident then he would have tried to catch the ref and then apologized after - he had lots of time to miss the ref, and definitely makes a pushing/cross-checking motion. I think he was pissed off after the hit - and maybe concussed a little - and he wanted to go the bench but the ref was in his way.
They'll be in the NHL soon too, once the lawsuits start popping up. Still, hockey isn't as bad as football - you're not expected to go head-to-head with someone every play, and you don't get the repetitive head injuries that are the real danger for players. A few rule changes, and stiffer penalties for activities that can cause concussions, and the NHL could be relatively safe.
Which is why he shouldn't have said it was an accident - the video is pretty damning. He clearly saw the ref, turned to face him, and made a rough pushing/cross-sticking motion, knocked the ref down and then skated to the bench like nothing happened, without checking to see if the ref - still lying on the ice - was okay. If it was an accident he would have tried to catch the ref and then apologized right away. People are going to say he was concussed, and while that's a possibility why would he say it was an accident later? My theory? He was angry. He was angry the refs missed the call on the late hit, he was skating back to the bench and the ref was in his way. He lashed out - probably not thinking clearly because of the earlier hit.
It was intentional, the only question is whether he knew what he was doing - he turned his body to face the ref, he made a checking/pushing movement, he skated off afterward like nothing happened. If it was an accident he wouldn't have pushed, he would have tried to catch the ref, and he would have apologized immediately - and made sure the ref was okay before skating to the bench.
It's the definition of what is capricious and arbitrary that concerns me. Does banning a fuel additive that's unnecessary and has been linked to cancer qualify? Is keeping stumpage fees low to encourage investment and create more value added benefits for the community and region capricious? Will paying more for drugs benefit us in the long run? Why wouldn't we protect Canadian resources and manufacturers if that's in our best interest? Tariffs can be adjusted to reflect the status quo, and served us well in the past, while the jury is still out on whether any of the free trade agreements we've signed have helped us at all - yes, there's been growth, but there would have been growth anyway. We're growing. Our biggest trading partner is growing. Only now we have a trade deficit that's growing as well. The TPP doesn't even cover China, which doesn't seem to recognize or respect patent or copyright laws.
I was wondering - never seen those knobs before, wondered if they were custom.
Raise the minimum wage first and see what impact that has on poverty. Raise welfare slightly and bring in voucher/pay card programs so low income families can pay rent, heat and for food for their families. Improve training and services to help their kids and get the adults back to work. Treat addiction as a medical issue. Bring back asylums for people with mental health issues that are not going to get better, and cost the system a fortune. Then bring back gym teachers, five day-a-week gym classes, the Canada Fitness Program, and health education and see what impact that has on health costs. While we're at it, bring in more helmet laws, stricter driving instruction standards, enhanced workplace safety regulations and Pharmacare, and give grown ups tax breaks for sports and fitness participation, and see what impact those things have on health costs. I'm against mincome. I think people will abuse it and find ways to live off of it with no plans to join the workforce - shared living spaces, having larger families, moving back in with parents, etc. I have a tenant who is 26, worked for four months, was laid off after claiming an injury (sore ankle), and just collected 12 months of EI. The state paid for his rehab and insoles. He didn't try to apply for jobs - and there are lots of jobs where I live - until the EI ran out, and was happy to get a part-time, two-day-a-week job that is probably the easiest gig I've ever heard of - front desk at a spa. He could work more, he does some DJ work on the side and he gets lots of calls, but he doesn't really want to, and he now owes me - a guy with two jobs - over a month in back rent. He would LOVE mincome. EDIT: And here come the downvotes. Why? Do you have a good reason for supporting mincome, or is it because you secretly want to quit your job and hang out? I'm not saying don't downvote me, just tell me why - and be honest.
They haven't had this in B.C. for a while, and to me it's a bit of a problem - kids aren't particularly good at explaining how they're feeling, whether anything hurts, how much it hurts, etc. They'll run themselves into the ground, even if it makes them dizzy or their hearts are beating far too fast. Annual checkups were a way to objectively measure a child's health. I'm not saying "do it for everyone" but at least until kids are seven and have the language to explain what they're feeling.
Here we go again... "Referendum!" "Mandate!" "Only 40%!" "70% with NDP and Bloc...!" "Argle!" "Bargle!" Let's just chill out and see what the committee comes up with before we lose our shit. If the NDP had won, we'd be doing the same thing. Parties representing almost 70% of voters campaigned on electoral reform. Let's just accept that the majority of Canadians want to see some kind of change, and see where this goes.
Because of fee-for-service billing, you can't even get a doctor to listen to two ailments during one appointment - you have to make another appointment and come back.
Somehow this will make an appearance at his wedding, poster-size.
I think most people understand that it's only really a democracy at election time, and that the ruling party calls the shots. Still, it doesn't hurt to wait and see - the LPC may surprise us and pick an option that appeals to the NDP and Bloc as well.
It was the move from CBC that did it for me. I wonder how many people cut their cable packages after that, unwilling to shell out for the added sports bundle?
A little off the deep-end I think - every kid does this once. I'd definitely punish her for a few weeks, ground her or whatever works for you, and then let her know that if she does anything like this again it's going to be the whole summer.
That's not the way to look at it. 75% agree they want change (in this poll anyway) they just can't agree, yet, what alternative would be best. To suggest that 25% wins because it's bigger than 23% - when most of those in the 19% or 14% would probably support the 23% system over FPTP - is the whole reason people want to ditch FPTP in the first place. A good referendum question might be, "Do you support changing Canada's first past the post system for proportional representation or ranked ballots?" In that case, 75% would fill in the "Yes" box. The follow up question would be what kind of system they would prefer. That's fair because 25% won't get to decide for everybody. A third question might be, "If your preference for voting is not selected, do you still want to change the electoral system?" No votes from the third question could be added to the tally from the first question.
The problem is your supposition that people would only be happy with their choice and no other, when that's clearly not the case. Most people see shades of grey when it comes to preferences - my first choice is strawberry, my second choice is vanilla, my third choice is pralines and cream. That's all people are asking for when it comes to voting. For FPTP supporters, it would be more logical to walk into the ice cream store, ask for strawberry, find out it's gone, and then walk back out, happy, without getting their second or third choice.
Plus, you can get high as shit off of it. Colors seem brighter, shitty apartments seem less shitty, and snack foods taste even better.
How to cool the market? How about a temporary moratorium on foreign ownership while we study the implications and draft whatever legislation is required to level the playing field. It should also be noted that immigration is also a problem, in particular wealthy immigrants that will live here but make money overseas where it can't be taxed. Maybe we need a moratorium on immigration, or at least cut the numbers back, until we've solved our urban housing crisis and figured out what a livable Canada should look like.
I can't wait for sports journalists to wrap their heads around rugby, there's so much more that Jen could have been asked and would have taught Canadians something about the sport. Missed opportunity.
Balance would be okay, but we're not looking for balance we're looking for growth. Canadians are having small families on purpose - women are focused on careers, couples are getting married later, the cost of raising a child is high, people starting families these days are living in smaller homes with less disposable income, and so on. Religious and cultural traditions that promote large families are also dying - large families have become a sign of poverty, like on First Nations reserves, and not wealth. Then there's the fact that most people share the opinion that the world is overpopulated, and can see that overpopulation is linked to every major environmental and social crisis that we're facing. Some people have real concerns about the future, and whether there will even be opportunities for their children. Plus, there's a livability factor - people have to commute further and longer, parks and beaches are more crowded, and so on. The more people that live in a city, the worse it functions. It's the same in every western country - you reach a certain level of prosperity and enlightenment, and the need to have huge families evaporates. The reason we can't just accept that, and try to keep increasing our population through immigration - not stabilizing it, mind you, but increasing it - is that our economy and whole industries depend on this endless growth. Nobody has figured out how to grow an economy with a stable or declining population. Even our social services are not self funding unless we continually increasing the number of people paying in at the bottom. Near me there was a fire chief who retired at age 55 who will make more than $3 million in pension payments if he reaches the age of 85, which is more than he earned in his entire 28-year career, and probably 10-20 times more than he actually paid into the system. We can't afford that unless we add more and more taxpayers at the bottom.
At least he rationalized later and realized it was a mistake. Some people will never reach that level of self awareness.
She's got a point. I have to go to Dallas every summer for work, and while it's not as hot as Arizona it's still ridiculously hot. I don't hate the heat as much as I do the excessive air conditioning - 68 degrees everywhere you go, so you're actually freezing most of the time. What is with southerners and air conditioning? Why not 71 or 72? Why make it jacket weather indoors?
The highest birth rates in Canada are in the territories, where large numbers of people are more or less dependent on government and a few industries. The highest birth rates in Canada are on reserves.
Most volunteer firefighters are actually "paid-on-call" - they get paid when they're working. And I'm not denying they do a good job, nobody is - and I have no problem with how well they are paid compared to other professions. But $100,000 a year pension is ridiculous for someone who retires at age 55 - especially when they've probably paid less than $250,000 of their own money into that fund. The next fire chief they hired was 46. In nine years he will also retire, probably also earning $100,000 a year in pension. And so on. The next thing you know, you're on the hook for hundreds of thousands of dollars a year in taxpayer money for one position, and there are dozens of other admin positions that are also going to get a chunk of their pension covered by the property tax bill. It's happening everywhere, with the result that municipalities are being forced to raise taxes on people who can't afford it, to build more to increase the tax base, to cut programs, to cut staff, etc. Or, like Toronto, they go into debt. It's not sustainable. Or fair. Firefighters have a job that can be dangerous at times, but it's not the most dangerous profession - it's not even in the top 10. But long haul truckers, commercial fishermen, miners, hydro workers, high-rise construction workers, etc. aren't considered heroes by default, and won't retire with $100K a year. I think $50K or even $60K is fair - you can live off that. $100K puts this former fire chief in the top 5% of all income earners in Canada.
Some of that water vapour should also return to the lake as rain, no idea how much though.
The LPC committed to presenting electoral reform legislation in 18 months. They've been in power for six. The committee will have a full year to meet, to talk to experts, to poll the population and come up with a set of recommendations. And if they're a few months late, who cares? There's no rush. Trudeau will be in power for at least another 42 months.
Fire chiefs make $140K a year not $50K - I said I don't have a problem with what they earn, just that there's no reason to pay somebody a pension of $100K a year. Pensions are becoming a massive liability for local governments. As for the paid-on-call thing, it's pretty much everywhere in B.C. - Squamish, Whistler, Pemberton, Kelowna, etc. - that has a volunteer force. I don't know about the rest of Canada, but I've heard from a firefighter in Edmonton and Winnipeg that it's the same, and I know it happens in Ontario as well.
Yikes. A lot of people I know from university grew up wealthy and it's always the same story - expensive private schools ($35K a year), paid university ($20K) a year, and then after that NOTHING. More than a few of them have said they wished they went to public school and could have had that money after they graduated to start a business, buy a house, etc.
I guess it depends where you live. I had a friend who lived in the beaches and it was street parties once a week.
I'd say the lending rates are a bigger factor, financing big projects costs next to nothing. One thing that big builders have is predictability - they probably bought six months worth of fuel when prices were at their lowest, and would pay a lower commercial rate than we pay at the pumps.
I haven't heard that - is it confirmed that Scotiabank, CIBC, TD-CT, and BoM are doing this?
I wonder if it's still better to bank with RBC - I know they're evil, but at least they have branches and probably 1,000 more people working IT vs. how many for Tangerine? How many Canadian jobs would be lost if everybody took their money out of RBC, vs. how many would be created if everybody went to Tangerine? Maybe credit unions are the way to go, they employ more people than an online bank.
If the fire gets into the attic, which is shared space, the fire will spread very quickly. Building code upgrades try to contain fires to individual rooms/units.
Probably just used condoms backing up the sewage system, a byproduct of all that Ashley Madison infidelity business...
It's still a slippery slope, in my opinion. I'm still waiting to see what the committee comes up with before taking a side, but if the LPC, NDP, GP and Bloc are behind it, then they represent a plurality of Canadians. Who knows? Maybe the public will love it too, and opinion polls show strong enough support that a referendum becomes redundant.
Yup. Even Harper could read opinion polls, and made a lot of changes as a result.
That would look fabulous beside my limited edition Star Trek coins.
A lot of them do blame the west and colonial powers like France for the problems back home - war, high unemployment, different tribes and sects being forced to live together by arbitrarily set borders. They probably have some idealized vision that their home countries would be a paradise if we didn't muck it up for them.
Texada Time Warp?
It's laced with meth...
They've being saying this for years, but what does it mean? Chinese and Hong Kong foreign investors have a lot of money at this moment, and they are desperate to get it out of the country before the central government cracks down. It's not only a matter of investing that money - and laundering it - it's also a matter of survival. They are planning to leave China and want a soft landing, and have decided that Canada is a the best place to go if everything goes south. Banks and the Bank of Canada can say prices are unsustainable, but what does that mean when houses continue to be snapped up at prices well above the going rate? House prices may stabilize and they may even go down a little, but the demand from foreign buyers is going to remain strong for years.
Apparently they do something like this for cancer as well, some forms of leukemia for kids. One friend's child had three bouts of leukemia before the doctors took the option of changing his blood type completely. So far, so good although I think the kid had to spend almost a year in quarantine until his new immune system kicked in.
Which describes a huge number of boomers who have actually saved very little for retirement.
The answer for Vancouver and Toronto is the same thing that worked for Whistler - create an alternative housing market by leveraging the power of zoning. In Whistler, there's an entire employee/resident housing market with rentals and for-purchase homes, townhomes, apartments, etc. To qualify, you have to live and work in the resort, and prequalify for a mortgage covering that amount. You also have to sign a covenant that gives away some of the rights you would normally have. The for-purchase units do appreciate in value, but only as much as inflation. While Vancouver jumps up 14% or whatever, Whistler homes appreciated a more sensible 2%, ensuring a reasonable rate of return for sellers - and incentive to reinvest in the home - while ensuring the properties are still affordable for the next person. The rental units are rent controlled, with rates tied to the cost of repaying construction costs. If you no longer work in the resort or purchase another market house, you have to sell your restricted property to the next person on the list - holding onto it is not an option under the covenant you agree to. You're also not eligible to buy in if it's not your primary residence. The best part? Developers love it. Most of these restricted units were built in exchange for rezoning parcels of land. Image a parcel of land that's 10 acres but is only zoned for one home: the developer will apply to subdivide that land into smaller market lots, and will happily agree to setting aside a number of those lots to build restricted housing - and can even profit by selling it for a little above construction costs. Everybody wins - Whistler has space for employees, locals can afford to buy homes, and developers get the zoning they need to profit from their land investment. More importantly, those developers are typically local and employ local tradesmen and women who can also now afford to live in the resort. Some of the side benefits include great local neighbourhoods for young families, high-density housing that's more cost-effective to serve, and more dependable year-round business for village businesses.
I know what you mean, but our townhouse was $289K when it was built in 2001, $328K when resold to us in 2006 (it was higher than inflation because of upgrades), and now it's worth about $376K in 2016, according to my property assessment. That's a reasonable return in my mind. If we banked $328K at 1.5% interest for eight years, it would only be worth about $369K, so we're doing a little better than a GIC. Don't forget, we're also not paying rent and have paid off about $118,000 of our investment. We're actually paying less than market rental rates to build that home equity, which is starting to grow faster with accelerated payments. And houses are not the only place to grow wealth. We also have mutual funds and TFSAs, and are looking at other investment vehicles.
Where the fuck were all the other white shirts on that play? Always chase! I've seen failed penalty kicks turn into tries a few times because of a little pressure.
It's brutal in hindsight, but refusing to pay was absolutely the right call. There are millions of Canadians travelling and living abroad at any given time - including a lot of people who only hold Canadian passports as an insurance policy (something we shouldn't have allowed because of the expectations we'll come to their rescue) - and paying this ransom would have endangered all of them. We couldn't save Robert Hall, but we can help the Philippine military avenge him.
It's actually gratifying that people are sticking with the hate crime angle rather than trying to paint this as an act of terrorism - this guy may have given credit to ISIS before doing this horrible thing, but he doesn't seem to have any actual affiliation with any organized terror groups. Why elevate this piece of trash to "noble" jihadi fighter status and give ISIS a "win"? This is the real threat the west is facing, mentally ill and angry homegrown terrorists with easy access to guns. Fighting it will require better relationships with Muslim communities and religious leaders, and ensuring anyone who pops up on the radar as potentially dangerous (like this guy did) is forbidden to keep or purchase weapons. The things you say should matter as much as the things you do when making these determinations.
They turned Rocky into Drago! Seriously though, people are awesome. I hope this kid goes far.
Yup. They need to update/redo Movie Maker, create a native DAW like GarageBand, update Paint, and then go out and create a bunch of killer apps for Windows Phone before it dies completely. Xbox One is also losing this generation to PS4, they need to come out with something amazing, and fast, to get back the top spot in that market. And where is my Surface Phone? Or a Microsoft VR set that can compete with the HTC Vive? LinkedIn is decent for what it does, but it exists on its own and there's no advantage to actually owning it. It seems that all Microsoft cares about is business when they make acquisitions, but their CRM solution kind of sucks. Meanwhile most of their profits these days are probably coming from commercial operations. I'd rather they bought Slack.
Sorry to tag onto this, but it's also worth mentioning that 120mph into a brick wall is about the same as two vehicles going 60mph colliding head on. There are some variables, including the shape, height, center of gravity, and trajectory of the vehicles, but it's still an amazing amount of force. In other words, slow down and keep your car on your side of the line. There are 30,000 vehicle deaths a year in the U.S. (over 80 a day) and god knows how many injuries, and probably 99% of them are preventable.
We've all driven 97 km/h. If you hit another vehicle head on that was also going 97 km/h, it's pretty much the same thing as hitting a wall at 193 km/h.
Definitely not Canadian. There was a joke about it on Brooklyn 99.
Making fun of stereotypes - even generic stereotypes about men, women and children - is comedy. People laugh because they're shocked or surprised by what they see or hear, not because they're racist, misogynist, homophobic, or bigoted and agree. People need to chill out.
Agreed, but he also doesn't fit the definition of terrorist - he didn't train with a terror group, he wasn't part of a cell, he received no support or orders from anyone in ISIS, and ISIS had no idea he existed. To call him a terrorist is to suggest that he was something other than an angry nutjob with a gun, that he was fighting for something other than pure hatred, that he should be remembered as a soldier of sorts, and that ISIS is bigger and scarier than they really are. Don't give ISIS, Hezbollah, al Qaeda, etc. the win on this, in my opinion, because they had nothing to do with it.
It's the pit bull thing, but with guns. Violent antisocial assholes gravitate to mean dogs, and the way they see it there's nothing meaner than a pit bull. The same people probably feel the same way about the AR-15 - the fact that it's a lethal-looking military weapon used in mass shootings only makes them want it more.
I remember reading that the street value of a handgun in Canada is over $5,000 and something like an AR-15 runs about $12,000. Criminals can still get them to shoot other criminals, but the price is a sign of their rarity, and the fact that our gun laws are working. Plus, criminals mainly shoot other criminals - the main goal is to keep these weapons out of the hands of the criminally ill, and impulse killers.
Reddit is for sharing opinions, that was mine. Why make it personal?
No, it's an attack on the mentality of some dangerous people when choosing pets and weapons. I don't think all pit bull owners are bad people, but it seems to be a trend that bad people tend to choose pit bulls. It's a fact that certain guns are considered cooler or more deadly than others, and the demand for them has nothing to do with the specs or features of that weapon. If people buy AR-15s because it's the best rifle out there to fight gophers, fine, but my position is that the way this weapon looks and acts, combined with its notoriety, has more do to with its current popularity than it's technical specs or utility. I was attempting to answer the original post in this thread which mentioned the popularity of these guns.
I'm with you. Nationalize the backbone, use the proceeds to make it faster, and limit what third parties can charge to deliver Internet as part of a package of services. I'd rather not bring in U.S. telecoms - the Canadian companies may not be great, but at least they employ Canadians, back Canadian charities, sponsor Canadian properties and events, etc. I'm not a huge fan of Bell, but I'm friends with a few Olympic athletes who they've supported over the years.
People change. And kids change everything. I know some amazing couples that had kids and went from best friends to worst enemies in a couple of years. They're tired, they disagree over everything to do with their kids, they resent the burden they have and any freedom the other partner might have that they don't, and things just explode. I have a theory about this. When you're a couple, you fight, you argue, you make up, you have make up sex, and you're a closer, more understanding couple afterwards. When you have kids, you're not allowed to fight anymore - there's no arguing so there's no resolution, there's no making up so there's no make up sex, everybody goes to bed angry - the number one thing you should never do according to old married couples - things fester, resentment builds, filters drop, the sniping starts, you forget why you're together in the first place, and then you drift apart. It sucks, I went through all this with my wife but we're working on it. I get upset easily and forgive quickly, she gets upset gradually and forgives slowly. But we don't go to bed angry any more and always try to resolve things so we both agree.
A lot of criminally ill people have no record of violence before they go off - like the Greyhound Bus guy. There are police background checks and licence requirements out the yingyang, but there's no psychological testing I know of that gun owners are required to take. And while impulse killers probably won't be able to buy a gun at the last minute, they may already own one. Remember Justin Bourque? He was an authorized and licensed gun owner who had a psychotic break one day and killed five people.
Are you denying that violent assholes are attracted to violent things? Just because those things are the same things you like doesn't make it not true. You're right, I will never understand. I don't get guns, much less why people are so passionate about them. I understand needing them sometimes - a lot of people where I live hunt to feed their families - but for most of those people a gun is just a tool that puts meat on tables: something to be locked away 11.5 months a year. Justin Bourque was a licensed gun owner. I'm not saying that everyone who loves guns is a potential Justin Bourque, just that the licensing system - while a million times better than what they have in the U.S. - isn't perfect. And as long as mentally unstable and angry people have access to guns, illegal and legal, these mass murders are always going to happen.
Rumor has it that Quebec is getting an existing franchise that's in trouble vs. an expansion team. I hope it's true.
Exactly this. Anybody can rip out drywall and inspect for mold. You may need to go a floor below - if you can - to try and spot the extent of the water damage in the subfloor. If there's no way to see what's under your floor from above or below, you'll have to rip out a section of the wood subfloor. Keep the piece you pull up - you can bring it with you to a lumber store and pay them to cut a piece the exact same size. If there's mold, treat it. If there's rot, replace it - maybe using professional help. If there's damp, then rent a couple of industrial fans and dry it out. Look for water around electrical fixtures - you may need to call in an electrician to fix if it got into a light fixture or plug, but probably not if a few wires got damp. Replacing drywall sucks, but it's actually not rocket science. You screw the pieces into places, tape the seams, mud over, sand and then prime. There are lots of videos on YouTube that can help you with this. The plumbing fix should be $500. Doing the rest of it yourself - depending on how much wood and drywall needs to be replaced - could be another $2,000. Your time, assuming you think you're worth $25 an hour, is probably another $1,000.
Still can't come fast enough for my friend, he's a superfan of this guy.
Just went through something similar myself - upstairs washing machine leaked into the walls, between floors, through fixtures, etc. We haven't finished all the repairs yet, but honestly the most expensive part will be replacing damaged carpet - the drywall and flooring were relatively cheap, and we rented three high-power fans for a week and blasted them into the walls and ceiling. OP won't have to do that. The only professional help required for our place was checking the electrical system to ensure everything was okay and retexturing the ceiling where we had to remove a piece to look inside. Also, six months earlier our shower pipes leaked, which required the removal of more drywall and hiring a plumber to replace the leaking sections.
I still have my PS One and Pro Skater 1 and 2. Among my most prized possessions!
I think I found Jimmy Carr's account...
Only if these events are ticketed, and I'd like to see the main show work like a telethon - we can't forget why this tour is happening. A lot of great cancer research is being done in Canada, and the money raised could make a real difference in finding a cure or treatments for untreatable strains of the disease.
Telethon is probably the wrong word. I think something classy "Text *5998 to donate $5 to cancer research" could pop up every so often.
I think people are placing their trust in governments, and assume they're looking out for our best interests - and in a way they are. The TPP sucks, but being left out of the TPP while the other partners trade amongst themselves puts us at the mercy of the U.S. and China and may suck even more. We're damned if we do, and damned if we don't. I'm for scrapping all trade agreements and starting over with a new framework that values the environment, standard of living, worker's rights and homegrown industries first, ahead of easing the barriers and red tape that impede trade.
What you've just said is the problem - people will read that paragraph, as accurate as it is, and not really understand what you're saying or what the problem is. It all sounds tinfoil hat, "the sky is falling", even if it's true. We need TPP opponents to speak to people at their level and explain, using actual examples, why it's bad and what might happen to various businesses and industries if trade protections disappear.
It's StubHub for real estate. Consumer protections are at an all-time low in Canada.
Was that Glitterbomb guy sued into oblivion?
That might make sense if all the people earning money off the company were based in Canada, but foreign investors - and Canadians using tax shelters presumably - won't pay any taxes on dividends and the sale of shares. Corporations also make money by using tax-financed public resources - people educated and cared for by Canada, lands and waterways maintained by Canada, infrastructure created and maintained by Canada, etc. - and owe a part of their profits to the systems created by the nation. If you didn't tax corporations, wealthy people would incorporate themselves to avoid paying. It's also worth pointing out that corporations are slow to reinvest, and are sitting on piles of money that could be used to grow those businesses and put people to work. By taxing those companies - and 15% is modest - we put that money to work for them, ensuring that more people have money to purchase their goods and services. Most corporations also negotiate land and water use privileges and licensing with provincial governments, which means the federal government doesn't benefit from those investments. There are also legacy costs to corporations that must be considered, and that taxpayers assume if the corporation disappears. And while corporations exist, there are regulatory costs as well. I know there are some economic schools that don't like corporate taxes, but there are other schools of thought that see things differently. Economists disagree on a lot.
This is about right. The list of Canadians without a job includes students, both senior high school and university, retired people, wives and husbands in couples where only one household member works, people living off investments and trusts, the severely disabled, and so on. The labour participation rate in most first world countries is pretty similar.
The concert tour itself is a fundraiser, though. While they would probably have toured to promote their new album, this tour is special because it's their last.
Not everybody wants to live in Manhattan though. If you were fortunate enough to be able to afford a single family home in Vancouver you'd fight to keep high rises going up next door and blocking out your sunshine. It's a way of life that they don't want to change just to make way for more people that the city, honestly, doesn't have opportunities for. Nobody really predicted that Vancouver would be in such demand, or that Toronto would become the fourth largest city in North America, or that the population of Canada would break 30 million, and then 35 million. We haven't prepared for the growth that's taking place, and - here's the reality - most people don't want it or think we need it. I grew up in T.O., and the population explosion is making that city unlivable. You can't get to places or into places, and all of the public parks and venues - beaches, the Island, the museum, and so on, have lines that go forever. I've tried three times to take my daughter up the CN Tower on visits, but every time we've given up because the wait is an hour and a half. Traffic is insane around the clock, and the three hours it used to take to get out of the city on a weekend is now five. Other than real estate developers, there's no real upside.
And according to the article, it's been used on pets for a long time with no issues. I say kudos for saving energy and space.
Foreign investment PLUS the influx of mostly wealthy immigrants. Our immigration system, not counting the programs where people could essentially buy citizenship, is inherently classist, favouring people with money, education, good health, access to lawyers and representation, and so on - all traits of the wealthy and well-to-do.
New York and San Francisco beg to differ...
Foreign buyers and wealthy immigrants have resources Canadians can't match. They're paying cash for homes, not mortgaging.
If you're looking for a tropical vacation in Canada, it is possible - the shore of Lake Huron, around the Bruce Peninsula is amazing with incredible beaches and nice water. There are also a lot of places to go on Lake Erie if you don't mind the longish drive towards Windsor.
In my mind this isn't about getting people to pay anything, it's about making people afraid to pirate any more content - whatever reasons they feel justify their actions. And it's probably extremely effective.
I'm skeptical whether taxes will be enough to solve the problem - these people have a lot of money, they're very motivated, and the taxes would have to be insanely high to get them to bat an eye. Most will just look for another country like Canada or the U.S.
You can't.
I'm the opposite. George RR Martin is a hell of a writer, and that's why this series is so popular in all of its forms - and why I've actually avoided the HBO series. I saw the first season, and nothing looked like it was described or I pictured it in my head. I will wait out the novels before I even think of watching the shows.
I did try the shows - the first season.
Really? Others hunting rangers in the woods? Brandon being chucked out a window because incest? Joffre beheading Ned? The north rising up under Rob Stark? War? Jon Snow on the Wall? The Dothraki, the fall of Viserys and rise of Daenerys? Tyrion's trial by battle? Dragons, skinchangers, Others, green dreamers and so on? I wonder, what do you consider a good book?
You're right, they did follow the rules and we created a system that's wide open to exploitation. Nobody envisioned a time when millions of millionaires around the world - not just China - would be funneling their money out of their country to set up shop here. Now that we're in that situation we need to address it, the good and the bad.
There's a Buddhist Chinese restaurant we eat at sometimes that uses gluten as a meat substitute and it's incredible. None of us are intolerant, as far as we know, and if we were slightly intolerant then it would be worth it.
I've always liked that idea, but generally consumption taxes are considered regressive because low income people tend to pay a higher percentage of their total income on sales tax. I've never quite bought that argument - you pay a hell of a lot of tax on a Beamer.
You forgot the Halifax Chronicle Herald: Task force aims to put youth to work in Nova Scotia. And the Daily Gleaner in Fredericton: Fredericton police warn residents of yet another tax phone scam. And the Charlottetown Guardian: United Way on PEI announces new CEO And the St. John's Telegraph Journal: Andy Wells wants provincial government to investigate "insidious" St. John's council EDIT: Fixed, thanks andycd
I lived in Hali for four years, and was a journalism student - I should have remembered which paper belonged to what city. Thanks for the catch.
Still publishing with managers and scabs writing all the content.
Goddamn,there's some classic art loving bastards on this sub.
I'll pay more to Netflix to keep it ad free, which I think is what will probably happen eventually - free with lots of ads, cheap with a few ads, expensive with no ads. If it increases/improves content I'll go along with that.
Any idea whether he can get whistleblower protection for himself? I imagine that jobs are scarce where he lives, and future employers aren't going to be thrilled he got his previous boss arrested.
Our GDP and population growth charts pretty much line up. Our core industry these days is people - not ships, construction equipment, electronics, etc. like Korea - but growing our population to keep wages down for businesses, and creating more demand for housing and growth-based products and services. It's a pyramid scheme that doesn't increase our exports or solve the trade imbalance. And it really can't go on forever, unless Canada creates new cities in the middle of nowhere - Vancouver and Toronto have nowhere to go but up, being hemmed in by protected farmland, and there's little appetite to keep growing our population at a time when something like 40% of jobs are on the verge of becoming automated, affordable housing is impossible to find, climate change is looming over us, and our wages aren't keeping pace with inflation. At some point we need to stop growing and focus on sustaining the people we have on this planet without destroying the planet in the process.
That particular test in the video is hard but isn't all that crazy either if you put in a little training - every female firefighter and forest fire fighter where I live has to pass something similar. Two months at CrossFit or a circuit class could get you though it. One female roommate I had needed to do eight pull-ups to become a firefighter, which is way more than a 12 second flexed arm hang.
Not just NZ, there are bars in Canada that will have a few female bouncers that will use their words before force. Male bouncers were getting injured, sued, arrested, etc. for hurting clients at a high rate, and often escalated things.
Can confirm. Lived with three girls in a four bedroom. Shattered the "quieter, neater, more responsible" thing pretty quick.
I know Mexico isn't exactly a first-world country in a lot of ways and a few politicians have been murdered by drug gangs, but asylum claims? On what grounds?
Don't worry about bulking up during the season, that's something the pros do in the breaks. The weight will come through training - mostly in your legs, but in your arms, shoulders and core as well. The most important thing is to be able to run for the full 80 minutes, so if you have some extra time this season my advice is to work on your cardio - longer jogs, intervals, and a few hill runs. If you really feel the need to work out your muscles, there was a pro rugby player - help me out guys - who used to go to a creekbed near his house and throw around rocks for hours. The lifting motion, the pushing, twisting and throwing motion, the squatting motion, the hand strength he built up, really helped.
That's the debate - whether the first spouse in Canada has any official role to play. Just because they haven't in the past doesn't mean it's not a good idea for the future.
I'm with you on the donuts - they don't even taste like they've been cooked. I had a huge bakery donut the other day and nearly wept. I forgot how good a real donut can be.
Totally this: the UK will suffer for this decision in countless ways, providing a cautionary tale about what happens when you break up an economic union.
We can't affordably house, or provide good work for, the people that are already here.
Yup. Right now we're just letting the wealthy in to buy up all of our houses and condos, and taxing none of the money they're bringing in with them.
Where? Plow under Canada's farmland in Southern Ontario and the Fraser Valley and diminish our food security? Turn North Bay into Toronto Jr. but with more black flies and fewer jobs? 90% of our population lives on a narrow strip of Canada near the U.S. border, where all of our best lands happen to be. Canada's big, but not as habitable as people imagine. http://populationinstitutecanada.ca/
You could technically cover the entire Canadian shield with houses, but why? There are no jobs there. People have to have a reason for existing at the end of the day. There has to be a point. Population is our biggest issue right now, not climate change, war, Brexit, or even the economy. The population has to stop growing and maybe even recede a little bit over a few generations. For us to feed 10 billion people without completely destroying the planet in the process would require a lot of things that people don't want - China-level population density in our cities, city centers closed to personal vehicles, a one-world government overseeing the distribution of food and water, terraforming and geoengineering on a massive scale, billions of people getting paid to sit around and do nothing, and for what? I'd rather go back to four billion people, a healthy planet, and the status quo where we get to be Canadian and run things however we want.
And then what?
So we just grow forever until there are 50 billion people on the planet, basing their economic well being on adding another 50 billion? At some point we have to stop doing this - we have a finite planet with real limitations that we're already bumping up against in a lot of places, in a lot of different ways. I'm not saying we should kill anybody, I'm not saying we should have all white people - I think we're moving to a mixed race world anyway. I'm also not saying anyone on this planet today doesn't deserve to be here, or shouldn't have been born - nobody should be offended. I'm just saying let's stop having as many children to ease the pressure, to give us time to figure out what the future should look like. There was a report a few weeks ago that said something like 42% of jobs are going to be automated in the next 30 years. What's that world going to look like? Two children per couple is fair until the global population stabilizes and declines (2.0 is below the replacement rate as a certain number of kids won't survive or have kids of their own). Our current system, growing the population to grow our economy, is a pyramid scheme. It will collapse.
Eventually we have to do something to curb our population - a lot of experts think that time is now. Your argument that "the more people that come here, the more work gets done, the better our economy, the more money we have" - doesn't suggest there could ever be a cap. Hence the 50 billion hyperbole. The world doesn't work that way. And I'm not saying "no immigration" we could probably still take 100,000 refugees and immigrants a year and wind up with a flat population. But growing our population creates problems too, it's not all exotic food and software engineers. If 42% of our jobs become automated in the next 30 years, like some are predicting, what will people do? Does it make sense to grow the population at a time when we should at least be looking at the long-term impacts and maybe even considering taking steps to reduce our population - which would be happening if we didn't bring in a quarter million new people a year. Why is that? Why is the natural born population declining in almost every developed country - do people want their countries to fail? Maybe small families and a stabilized or even shrinking population is the natural order of things.
Stabilizing the population isn't racism, it's common sense. I honestly don't care what our population looks like in 100 years, as long it's around 35 million. Maybe our First Nations will be the dominant race by then.
The best thing about rugby is that it brings people together. Mostly to call each other cunts, but also to spill beer on each other in the bleachers.
Meanwhile Translink.
Foreign investors are part of the problem, but the other part is wealthy immigrants, and a system that favours bringing in people who have money and all the things that come with that - even if they continue to live and work abroad.
Incredible precedent that religious and anti-western medicine fanatics need to recognize - you can believe what you want, but when a child or family member is sick there's a standard of care and common sense that is expected.
Can't he be all off those things? He didn't have to call 911 and rant about ISIS, but he did.
Historically you might have a point, but these days you'd have to be blind not to see that Islam has a radicalization problem that's unique to that religion. The pope isn't beheading people in the Vatican like Muslim religious leaders are in Saudi Arabia. There no Christian army running amok in Europe the same way ISIS is in the Middle East. There are no Christian rebels and warlords in Africa and south Philippines, stealing women and killing everyone else. Christians aren't stoning women, marrying 11 year olds, blowing up airports and train stations at this juncture of history. Women aren't forbidden to drive or show their faces in Italy or France or South America, or any of the world's other Christian strongholds. I know the majority of the world's Muslims are peaceful, and that the west sowed the seeds and provoked the current unrest, but to suggest that Christians, Jews and Muslims are somehow alike right now just isn't true.
You know what, this dipshit apologizes for making a mistake and upvoted your comment. Don't be a dick.
Leafs and six other Canadian teams. It's the same with any sport, I'm betting the viewership for MLB dropped hugely after the Jays were eliminated last season, and that viewership for the NBA probably went way up until the Raptors got knocked out. Canadians don't tune in to the Olympics to watch Americans and Australians win swimming medals, we watch our athletes.
The only disturbing thing is the fact that the cameraman kept the lens on one kid for two minutes.
For me, it's all about the makeup sex - the glue that got most couples to the point where they would even consider marriage in the first place.
Mechanically speaking, wouldn't it make more sense to have a chair with larger front wheels and maybe some suspension? There are a lot of disabled athletes where I live, and some of them ride the local bike park. One of those rigs could do this no problem.
This is a double screw job for us - they're buying up houses and condos, making the market increasing unaffordable to people who live and work in the city, while also contributing next to nothing other than some sales tax and property taxes. Most foreign investors and wealthy immigrants don't actually declare any income in Canada, which means they get all the benefits of being here - health care, education, infrastructure, clean air and water, etc. without actually paying their fair share for any of those things. In other words, we paid them once when we bought their products, and we're paying them again by providing them with the necessities of life.
And if people start to jump the line in traffic, drivers will lose it. Our roads are democratic that way - you wait your turn.
I see no reason to change the laws now when we're so close - 5 to 10 years - from self-driving cars that will maximize speed and flow. Throwing a bunch of unpredictable motorcycles into that mix could hold back the technology.
Why would you assume I'm angry? I'm just picturing other drivers, who seem to lose their shit if you stop at a yellow or merge into their lane on the highway. I don't think Canadian drivers are good enough for this, and I'm pretty sure a lot of the motorcyclists aren't either. Lane splitting is still being debated in California. There was a safety benefit, as this article suggests, but only when motorcyclists were going 50 mph or less, or no more than 10 mph faster than traffic - which they aren't. Something like 1 in 6 motorcycle deaths in California are the result of lane splitting, and the motorcyclist was considered at fault in something like two-thirds of those cases.
Self-driving cars work partly because they will be able to communicate with each other. If motorcycles carry some kind of transmitter/receiver that talks to cars, so be it. The only issues that Google's vehicles have had are in the relation to the unpredictable actions of other drives, and one thing with a really slow moving bus.
I'm just saying what I believe to be the case. People will freak out if motorcyclists split lanes to pull out in front, regardless of whether it's a net benefit to traffic. You should see the drivers where I live when there's traffic and a motorcyclists uses the shoulder to get ahead. Honestly, British Columbia looked at this and in the end rejected it - and this is a province that's been raising speed limits and ditching photo radar. Plus, BC has a lot of recreational riders and bike gangs. I don't think people would have a problem with solo commuters splitting lanes, but wouldn't be happy if a group of 20 guys on sport bikes did it at the same time, or a bunch of Hell's Angels on their noisy Harleys.
As long as that education applies equally to riders. Lane-splitting is only safer when done slowly and when cars are either stopped, stopping, or driving under 50km/h. A certain number of riders will absolutely try to lane split when it's inappropriate or traffic is moving too fast, and there will be more accidents and deaths as a result - which you could say is all on the rider, but as a driver I don't want to hit anybody, my fault or not, or see anybody get hit. The one statistic that nobody talks about is how lane splitting, and the prospect of beating traffic to work, gets more people onto motorcycles in the first place, which are inherently more dangerous than cars. California riders might not be getting injured or killed while lane splitting, but some of them are getting injured or killed while riding a motorcycle they only got to beat traffic. One last point. Where I live there are a lot of cyclists and drivers frequently pull out to give those riders space. I think Alberta just created a law that you have to give cyclists a full metre when passing. In other words, drivers pulling out to give cyclists more space will be encroaching in the area that motorcyclists use to lane split. There are competing and maybe incompatible interests on our roads. That said, I'd be up for a test pilot project that limits lane splitting to certain roads for maybe two years. If motorcyclists show that they can be slow and safe, and drivers show due care and caution, and the statistics don't show any increase in injuries or deaths, then maybe we can allow it.
This is kind of misleading. The Green Party allows all of its members to put forward proposals to take to Parliament, even if the party leadership disagrees. I think Elizabeth May has already said she's against this.
Britain has given back a shitload of land over the years: e.g. Canada. It has to do with numbers, in my view. When settlers came to Canada and 90% of First Nations were wiped out by disease, the settlers became the majority in a short period of time, and still are the majority by a factor of 30. In Israel, it's the opposite - a small number of occupiers on land that is being claimed by a group with far larger numbers. And while Israel gained that land through warfare, they've largely held it through diplomacy and the support of Western countries. As always, it's the little people that suffer - farmers that didn't start the war but have had to surrender lands they've had for generations. Most western countries recognize this, and various peace accords and treaties are based on Israel pulling back to its 1967 boundaries. However, Israel will never do this, and use the issue of security and continuing terror attacks as a pretext for holding those lands. Hezbollah, which has support and members from across the Middle East, could stop the attacks to bolster their own political claims, but they don't - partly because they don't believe Israel will ever give up the land, and partly because they've made it their mission to destroy Israel. Either way, a lot of people are caught in the middle, and the more time that goes by, the less chance there is of a resolution that gives any land back to the Palestinians.
I'm glad they disembarked on the runway, Ottawa's airport is the ugliest in Canada. Usually I'm all for saving public money, but that was one case where I was actually embarrassed - Canada's capital city should have a better airport to welcome the world's leaders and diplomats.
It doesn't give you a lot of faith they can pull off something like digital health records, or streamlining the tax code to let people pay online (without third party software).
"He had hands of stone and was a penalty magnet, but Christ could he get up quickly."
I think a lot of the housing backlash is a rich-poor thing. If wealthy Russians or Aussies were buying up Vancouver and driving up prices, there would a backlash against them. To be fair, there are a lot of white Hong Kongers that would qualify as wealthy foreign investors and wealthy immigrants. Nobody can believe that we would sell our cities to the highest bidder, with the result that almost nobody can afford to live and work there anymore who didn't buy in a long time ago.
I have not seen Regina, but I can imagine. I just figured that Ottawa's airport would be somewhat nice considering who uses it.
Racist!
Nope, China is as pissed about this as we are - when the capital leaves the country to buy properties in Canada, it's of no use to them. Some of the money is laundered or hidden here as well. They're scared that if they try to crack down, trillions of dollars and a good chunk of their business community will suddenly flee the country. Chinese manufacturers have no loyalty to the land - which they're polluting and using up at an alarming rate - or the people, who they are working to death, and leaving sick and impoverished.
Probably panicked and hit the gas and brake simultaneously.
She's also a politician, which means she has her finger in the air and can tell which way the wind is blowing. She wants to be seen as doing something and you know what? Realtors will vote for her anyway, because the alternative is the NDP, and a lot of policies that would hurt them worse than this.
Eye exams are free for kids anyway (at least in BC), but absolutely it should be required. I remember we used to get eye and ear tests regularly at elementary school - did those go away?
On a separate note, credit David Eby - probably the biggest critic of the 2010 Olympic Winter Games excess before joining the NDP - for getting this data. Without him, we'd still have no clue. It's been 15 years of Liberal rule. I want change, and guys like Eby give me hope that the NDP we elect next year will be better than the NDP we voted out in 2001.
I think the NDP under Horgan is quite a bit different than the BCLP, on a number of different policies. Regardless, it wouldn't hurt the BCLP to spend a few years on the sidelines figuring out how to win us back. EDIT: used LPC instead of BCLP.
Didn't Turner ever make captain, or was he a lowly K9 unit detective his whole career?
Whoops, yes I do.
O'Leary does share a few personality traits with Trump - he's prickly and can be arrogant, he belittles the people he disagrees with, he speaks before thinking, and he thinks that business experience tops political or community experience in government. He's not Trump, there can be only one, but they do have a lot of things in common.
If you condense a game into actual minutes of action, an NFL game is slightly longer than 11 minutes. A season is less than three hours of activity. There are rugby players that get that much of a workout in two games, while hockey players can get that in the first eight games out of the 82 they'll play in a season. Football players are strong, fast and have explosive power, but there's nothing about the sport that screams cardio.
It can be small things. Aussies have a lot of slang and references nobody outside of Oz gets, for example, and they really try to be laid back and have a sense of humour about everything. Brits are all about taking the piss and showing their wit. The Irish have a long suffering, hangdog thing going on, as well as wicked self-depreciating gallows humour. Swedes like to be "on" and are good-natured and energetic. Italians are passionate and argumentative, but know it. Kiwis are stoic. Koreans like to be happy and make others happy, even if it's a joke at their own expense. There are some things in every stereotype that fit different cultures in my experience, just like some of the stereotypes about Canadians - earnest, apologetic, friendly, plaid - are true enough about enough of us to carry a bit of weight. It's hard to see when you're in it, but spend a week Texas and all the little ways we're unique will come clear.
It was the right play to make regardless - Rust didn't seem to upset about it!
Angry and probably racist blue-hair snowbirds.
Gang related, not cultural. Legalize marijuana and begin the process of decriminalizing and legalizing other drugs and a lot of Canada's gang problems will evaporate.
They can apply, but none of them will succeed though (Mexico is a free country with free elections) and the applications will stop.
You'd think there would be a list of countries that you can and can't apply for asylum from based on conditions on the ground there. If you can apply for asylum from a democracy like Mexico then you could apply from almost anywhere.
Pax Romana - conquer, civilize, pacify, expand. The bigger they got, the safer they were. It worked well, too, until they became corrupt and crazy and a million Visigoths marched on Rome.
I haven't seen to many people saying that it was all Russia, just that Russia interfered and may have had an impact on voters. But then I get my news from the lamestream media...
Fighting idiocy with even greater idiocy. Sounds like a foolproof plan.
There's nothing to learn in this video, the left isn't pushing pedophilia, it's all lies, distortions, and every underhanded rhetorical trick in the book. Even the concept is flawed. There's no "left" - there are Liberal supporters, NDP supporters, socialists, communists, libertarians on some issues, and even within these groups there are disagreements and different values. There's no monolithic left, just as there's no monolithic centre or right. If there was, I could freely attribute any stupid, mean, racist, sexist, bigoted supposedly "right wing" thing to you, or anybody else just because they voted conservative in the last election. It doesn't work that way. I hope people are smart enough not to fall into the polarized trap that is U.S. politics right now where each side picks its own facts and context, and vilifies the opposition using the worst, most illogical, most absurd arguments they can come up with.
There were allegations that one party gave voters cash cards to buy votes, but then it came out that the cards were given to party members to cover their costs during the campaign and voting day. There were also allegations that a foundation backed by one party made illegal contributions in one voting area, but the donation was later ruled legal. There are questions of legitimacy, but really it's no worse that the U.S. right now... The grounds for a refugee claim are not there, despite some voting irregularities. There's no war or famine, there is free speech (even if it's dangerous to exercise), the economy is actually doing reasonably well, and political dissidents are not being arrested, tortured or held without trial.
This is the problem with electing the wealthy to political office - they really can't relate to the average person's struggles, and they are used to doing what they want, when they want.
He can and should go away, but two months a year? That's a little out of touch. I guess we'll see if the voters care enough to vote against him in the next election.
The worst part of this is the two tier system, which is supposedly based on the "average" home consumption in the province. The problem is that the average home is in Victoria, the Vancouver area or Kelowna where it's relatively mild most winters, vs. mountain communities and northern communities where people have to run their heat six months of the year. Not a fair system at all.
It's been 15 years of Liberal rule though, and most of the NDPers in power during the whole Fast Ferries thing are gone. Meanwhile the Liberal Party's list of bad policies is growing - the sale of BC Rail, TransLink, privatizing ferries, privatizing hydro sales then dismantling that agency, MSP, Bill 30, our response to the Softwood Lumber Agreement, uneven application of the Agricultural Land Reserve, alienating the teacher's union by legislating against their collective bargaining rights, allegations of cash for access fundraising, bringing in a carbon tax and making it neutral by cutting taxes on businesses and high income earners, promoting fracking and the installation of a natural gas terminal in Howe Sound, slow action to keep homes affordable in Vancouver, Victoria or elsewhere, private partnership toll roads, hiding Olympic costs, run-of-river hydro projects, downplaying fish farm issues, attempted privatization of liquor stores and other public assets, their handling of Site C, etc. Every government has its carbuncles, and the liberals have over 15 years worth right about now. It's time for a change.
Most people get two weeks a year, or maybe three if they've been with a company for a long time. Eight weeks is excessive. And while it's not unusual for some occupations, it's not a bad idea to at least hide how good you have it from everybody else. Nobody likes having their nose rubbed in someone else's wealth and privilege.
Remakes I'd like to see: * Dune (do it right as a trilogy) * The Last Starfighter - special effects need an update * They Live - loved this, but it could be so much better Movies they should remake so they can make sequels: * Remo Williams: The Adventure Begins * The Zero Effect * The Way of the Gun (Always pictured someone dragging Philippe and del Torro's bodies from the last shootout and nursing them back to health).
Except Whistler. Yeah, we have people living in vans and saunas - always more people want to live and work here than we have space for - but managed to house over 75% of our workforce in an alternative housing market that is affordable for workers to buy and only increases in value in line with inflation. For example, three bedroom townhouses in my neighbourhood sold for $328,000 10 years ago and they've only increased to about $385,000 since then. Every city should do this. My friend is a nurse, his wife earns a good salary as a counsellor, and they couldn't afford to buy in Vancouver - what are the prospects for a city when even well-paid knowledge workers can't find a place to live?
Turns out I know how to code because I can make websites. Can't wait to put that on my resume!
Prices are still reasonable there, but that commute downtown sucks. When they build the bridge to replace the tunnel it should improve slightly, but I'm guessing it will result in a lot of new developments and a lot more cars on the road.
I watched it. Interestingly, they never showed the actual video of Donald Trump making fun of the reporter. Did you actually watch it? Did that not seem like a glaring omission? It was different. Why? Because he actually says, "This poor guy, have you seen this guy?" before launching into his impression. Then Trump later denied knowing what Kovaleski looks like, even though they met several times and Trump apparently knows him by name. If he didn't know what the reporter looked like, why ask if anybody else had seen him? What is with right wingers insulting everybody they disagree with? Everybody is an idiot or a moron or a traitor or a cuck.
These videos are whiney and ignorant, and full of lies and distortions.
Almost nobody knows how to drive in this country. Not all driving schools teach the same things, or even the basics, and the exam is probably too easy. There should also be a separate exam required when driving a pickup truck or a vehicle over a certain weight limit where stopping time is above a certain threshold or the potential for rollovers is higher than average. I really think that the Young Drivers of Canada program should become the national program all schools have to follow so people have a certain amount of class time and practice driving time before they take a test. Everybody should know how speed limits work in different conditions, how to merge, how and why to maintain safe distance, how that safe distance changes in snow and rain, how much gadgets can distract you from the road, what to do in an emergency, and so on. It's too easy for most people.
We teach it wrong. Immersion is the only thing that works, and it should be mandatory - not all the time, but every grade school student should have French blocks - like a month or six weeks - where all they do is speak French. Also, we need to focus on conversational French first before learning to read or write in the language, it makes it far more difficult and doesn't accomplish the hardest thing which is developing an ear for the language.
This is all about O'Leary - MacLeans would love him as PM, but he won't even win the party nomination if he doesn't learn French.
I would argue that she was on the right side of history regarding Vietnam. Why would you suggest she was in the wrong for that?
I believe most schools will teach French as a subject like math or science. Immersion is a choice.
Still shows something. Number of attendees divided by the number of games is a good stat for rugby when it comes to attracting sponsorship, brokering TV deals, bidding on host privileges, etc. It's a hard sell compared to some sports because of the lack of commercial breaks - an NFL game takes three hours to play 11 minutes worth of action, with probably 40 minutes of commercials from start to finish.
Sugar really is a toxin - okay in really small doses, but progressively more harmful the more you consume. Companies should absolutely be clear about how much sugar in their products is natural and how much is added. The more you can shop in the produce aisle, the better. I've started making pasta sauces with fresh tomatoes, a little wine, real parmesan, garlic, zucchini and a few other ingredients, and my family prefers it to spaghetti sauce. Chili on roasted potatoes is a great winter meal as well. Tofu scrambles - tofu, potato, spinach, tomato, and salsa - make for a better breakfast than cereal or instant porridge. I'm also a peanut butter addict, but managed to switch to sunflower butter with no sugar added without too much trouble. For some recipes I actually prefer it. I thought it would be harder to stop consuming sugar, but it's really been okay - more salads, more slow cooker meals, a little extra meal planning, and reading the labels goes a long way.
My Xbox Gold account is some of the best money I've ever spent. The free games alone make it more than worth it, and the way that multiplayer has improved is incredible, to say the least.
It's really frustrating to get all the provinces into the same room to agree on anything, even things that are in everyone's best interest - they'll take the opportunity to ask for more than what's on the table, get off topic, and shut down everything else unless they get what they want. It's not all Quebec either. We need to be able to have focused meetings with Premiers and provincial ministers that deal with specific agendas, and where it's impossible to bring in things that are off topic or out of the scope of the agenda.
It is sort of free to me - I subscribed to Gold back when it was required to play multiplayer and Netflix, and there were no free games. I still think of them as free because I'd probably be paying anyway for the other features.
This video has a bit of everything. 10/10.
If he does it, we do it too - we import far more vehicles than we export. There's a golden opportunity here for global companies to start building cars here for the Canadian market, or even for a Canadian company that makes cars suited to our climate.
That's less than I gave it - I figured a three-quarter inch to be safe. My biggest concern isn't the margin though, it's whether the catalog will be functional in a three-ringer binder - sometimes you can't turn the pages properly on these things because there's not enough space between the hold punches on facing pages to let the pages lay open - and the size of the binder might be 1" or even 2.5' at this point.
And carbon. We should have been taxing it a decade ago. Nothing is going to matter if all the frozen methane in the arctic lets go and global temperatures rise five degrees. If she really loves her grandchildren that should be the thing that keeps her up nights.
I'm thinking heated barn.
It sucks that he can afford it.
Also, she's a civil service worker of some kind, according to trolls that have researched this - there's no way she works 75 hours a week.
It's like a dingle dangle. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYkRF_FmD40
More crap to carry around that just exists on practically every PC. The thing with Apple, I can't reasonably see a reason for removing ports other than aesthetics - and even then, it's not like I look at a PC and gag because there are useful holes on the side. The fact you can't get at the battery, memory, hard drive or anything else is also a major annoyance.
Tou can share your opinions, you can speak your mind, but if you stand up in a public forum and lie, exaggerate or stretch the truth then you get called on it. There are a lot of people who find a lot of her claims - e.g. a civil servant working 75 hours a week - to be suspect.
Read the article again to make sure you understand it first. No death threats were made. People called her a liar, but that's about it.
The rant was really about the carbon tax, which made people suspicious - if everything she said is true, her own expenses will be around $80 more a year to start.
I don't want to be rude or anything, but that tuition is pretty low - about $1,200 more than I paid 20 years ago! I don't know if this is about the cost of tuition and textbooks, or a more general story about the fact that it's far easier and more lucrative to sleep with a guy a few times a month than it is to work at a Starbucks 30 hours a week. You could argue that it's immoral, but it's 2017 - morality is not what it was. The U.S. just elected a seven times bankrupt, thrice married, avowed pussy grabber to the top office, and as a representative of the "moral" conservative party no less. People don't get judged the way they used to.
Thanks for showing up, none of this would be possible without guys like you.
Good thinking.
A lot of people are also opposed to free trade, and giving globalism, and trans-global companies, even more power over them. And the Wall Street thing - people are sickened by the excesses of the financial industry, and the lack of accountability after the last crash at a time when they're struggling to make ends meet and can get thrown in jail for unpaid parking tickets. You're absolutely right. There is a lot of similar anger brewing in Canada - immigration is being blamed for unaffordable housing, for the increase in traffic and the lack of job prospects and wage growth. Globalism and trade is being blamed for hollowing out our manufacturing and resource added industry (e.g. turning raw trees into pulp and milled lumber, and turning those things into paper and furniture). Trump could definitely happen here, and the sooner the major parties realize it the better prepared we will be.
Not saying I like it, just that we have bigger fish to fry than the senate as long as they stay out of the way. The millions we'd save by abolishing the senate are peanuts compared to the tens of billions we'll save by getting the provinces to sign onto a national pharmacare program. Senate reform just isn't in the cards right now, which is why none of the parties bothered adding it to the platform. We'll get rid of the monarchy first, and that's not happening any time soon either.
I think a strong national program will get more kids involved than anything clubs can do. It's the Olympic effect - registration for sports like swimming and gymnastics goes up after a Games. Personally, I'm tired of losing to everybody - including teams we used to beat fairly dependably a few years ago. If we can create a top 12 team in Canada that can play in the top 10 without getting blown out in the last 20 minutes, it will be incredible for the sport.
Media would have run with this story if they had it, but Rebel broke it - they will all be carrying some version of it in the next day or two. That's the way journalism works - it's competitive. Some papers notice things or research things, and beat the others to the punch. As a former journalist, we don't cover things up. I was never told once not to write a story, even if it involved an advertiser or went against the owner's or editor's political leanings.
When you don't, will you admit it and realize the world isn't some vast conspiracy against angry white males?
I really don't get it. This is the Pride parade, it's for LBGT people to show their pride, and for society to celebrate with them. Getting the police to participate is a major win for them, something organizers 20 years ago wouldn't have believed possible. For BLM to hijack this parade and dictate who should participate is beyond disrespectful, and loses them more than they gain. They should be supporters of Pride, not antagonists. Black Lives Matter is an important movement, the issues are real, but why take it out on the Pride parade? Why not just stage their own event, and leave police out of that?
Maybe this is what they want - Canadians to spend more at home, manufacturing to recover, more demand for Canadian goods. A low dollar is good for the economy for the most part, which is good for Canada and our banks.
In Whistler, the Whistler Housing Authority created an alternate housing market where only resort employees are allowed to buy and rent homes, and homes only appreciate in step with inflation. Developers build these employee projects for a modest return, as well as some kind profitable boon like subdividing a piece of land or increase density. Every city should be adopting this model.
While boomers did get more for their savings, they also paid way more on mortgages - like 8 per cent for a long period of time, and if they bought in the '80s they might have seen rates as high as 15%. Homes were cheaper, but they were harder to afford.
The website says that all the cardboard is recycled, which is good if true - some of the pieces look pretty big and new. I assume the remnants are recycled as well?
Tour announcement in 3... 2... 1...
Maybe government could try to get ahead of the bad thing for once and either ban the sale of non recreational property to foreign nationals (could still buy resort properties), or put an insane 30% tax on it that would fund affordable resident housing in markets like Toronto and Vancouver.
Each.
Or they think there's a slight chance they might be getting a free car.
That's not enough. The Dems assumed that people would be reasonable at the end of the day, when Reason has already packed her bags, emptied the bank account and fled the country with that no account Integrity. O'Leary, like Trump, is going to talk about what people FEEL in their guts, not about what what's true on paper, and it's going to work. He already said when announcing his exploratory committee that Canada has so many problems right now. People believe that. They'll love his gruff outsider persona, and the way he puts those smarmy politicians in their place. In other words, we're in deep shit. I believe he will win the party nomination, and has a decent shot at a minority government.
A lot of that press was actually negative though - neither of our national papers were very fair, and comparisons between father and son were the order of the day. They also reported on all the attacks on Trudeau's pedigree and hair, basically reinforcing that approach - even now Reddit comments against Trudeau won't fail to mention his family or haircut.
Yup. A lot of staples like porridge and no name brands of soup seem to be down or at least flat year-over-year. Meat is definitely up, as well as food we import from California or Mexico, but my grocery bills have actually gone down as I've gotten more organized and started to meal plan.
Don't be a revisionist. Trudeau was third in the polls until the first debate bumped him into a virtual tie with Mulcair. Then Mulcair made his hijab comment, and the NDP faded. People saw Trudeau in action, and decided he was his own man - and palatable as a leader. Plus, Harper and the Conservatives were going down regardless, all that mattered to 60% of voters was who was best to replace him. I don't like everything Trudeau has done or not done, I'm on record saying I will never vote Liberal again if they back away from electoral reform, but he was a two-time MP, he won his own party's leadership race against some pretty established names, then he won over the public in Canada's longest election campaign. Give him some credit.
I explained that it doesn't work as well or the same. You can move over individual files - photos, songs, movies, and apparently apps as well, but you can't - with operating system 6.03 native to my device - choose to save the photos you take to memory, or the songs and movies you download, or any apps. It sucks. Google cannot fix this. In fact, I researched it extensively on the LG site forums and they replied to a thread to say as much.
That's actually helpful. Everything I read said this feature was available on Marshmallow, but it wasn't available for me. That's what makes Android such a disjointed, ridiculous system.
I think we could do more to even things up if we didn't have to import as much food from the U.S. during the winter months. Greenhouse technology has come a long way. We should probably be looking into this anyway, giving grants to a lot of farmers to invest, in case Trump takes action that increases the cost of food.
Flint Lockwood?
But that's not why the electoral college was created - back then the population was mostly rural. The specific reason for the electoral college was to provide a safeguard against things like demagoguery and foreign influence in elections.
They are not equivalent, which is the problem. http://www.fairvote.org/population_vs_electoral_votes
There are a lot of things that Canadian drivers don't do right, including merging, and it all stems from a general lack of driver education and selective enforcement by the police. * Tailgating is way out of hand. * Lots of people are still using phones and devices while driving, or distracting themselves by eating and drinking. * Speed is a factor in over 30% of highway fatalities, yet people continue to look at the maximum as the minimum. https://canadasafetycouncil.org/traffic-safety/higher-speeds-drive-traffic-deaths * People can drive massive SUVs and trucks with longer stopping distances and higher than average rollover potential without taking any kind of additional driver education. * The amount of classroom time required varies hugely from program to program, and I believe both the written tests and driving tests are too easy. * Our highways are generally poorly marked, surprising people with exits and not clearly letting people know which lane they need to be in - I can't tell you how many times I've had to jam on the brakes to accommodate drivers who weren't in the right lane to exit or stay on the highway. The 401 is particularly bad at this. * We don't do a good job when it comes to inspecting vehicles and tires during the winter. * People don't understand how to adjust their speed in poor driving conditions. * People pass on the right - not always because the person ahead is in the wrong lane, but often just because there's space. That makes it hard for people to get over. Our highways are designed so you have to constantly change lanes to avoid being sucked into the left lane or expressway, or shunted onto an exit lane.
That's what the Senate is for. When it comes to the executive however, all votes should be equal.
You're a 5 at best.
Yup, if this started happening my job as a flanker would be to A) stop fucking pushing, and B) get the lock to stop fucking pushing, C) signal the referee, and D) lean into the other prop to stop them from collapsing until everything could be sorted.
Not really - there are something like 195 democracies on the planet, and in most of them all votes are equal.
Should size or age matter? Democracies probably should evolve with the times a little bit.
WHAT COULD GO WRONG?
I haven't seen spinning like this since Elvis Stojko. It's awesome to behold.
I wouldn't say they're pushing it, it's just an observed side effect of the new policy. Besides, in the overall scheme of things $138 million is peanuts. It would have to be billions to make a dent in our health care spending.
People living in rural and northern BC understand this all too well. We're still cutting down trees here, but over 70 mills have closed since BC was forced via the softwood lumber dispute to do away with the requirement that a certain amount of that wood be milled in the region it was cut - pulped, cut into lumber, etc. That in turn created a significant value-added industry making paper, pallets, furniture, veneer, etc. And it was leading to innovations in construction materials (e.g. glulam beams, passive house construction, log cabin construction, tiny homes, etc.) All of those industries and jobs left BC - they still exist, you can only automate so much, but they moved to the US and China. Those jobs were worth protecting, even if it wasn't in the interest of the increasingly concentrated logging industry as they increased value for their shareholders.
So you're saying the death threats and calls to lock up Rachel Notley were premature?
The Dakota Access pipeline really needs to be rerouted though, if only to improve the optics of the project. After the spill that happened nearby, First Nations are even more motivated to stop this project. I should also note that one thing that's making Canadian oil more palatable these days is the fact that we're bringing in a carbon tax to offset the damage - that was always the rationale behind the carbon tax in Alberta and elsewhere, something to point to so the world can see that Canada is doing something, and that we're taking steps to offset our impact.
The NDP hasn't even picked a candidate in my riding, something they should have done years ago to start building awareness and name recognition, as well as to provide a foil to the Liberal party.
What's your beef with the NDP? If it's the fast ferries, then all I can say is that we're banging on 18 years since the problems came to light and that maybe half a dozen candidates were part of the NDP when all that went down. And as far as the $450 million loss went, most of that money really was spent in province, so while it was wasted at least the money went to Canadian workers and companies.
How many tacks do you think this guy steps on during an average install?
My mom's comfort level is right around the speed limit, but there are people who probably feel comfortable driving 50km/h over. Speed limits are supposed to be a middle ground - governments know that people will drive 10% under and 10% over on average, which is an acceptable difference for safety. If they jacked up every highway to 120km/h, you'd get people who can't or won't drive faster than 90km/h, such as older vehicles or trucks lugging machinery, and people blowing past them at 130km/h. The difference is just too big for safety. I've had conversations with the B.C. Ministry of Transit on this issue, and they've said the trick is to set the limit at the threshold that is safest and most comfortable for 85% of drivers and vehicles. I'm satisfied with the explanation.
If you don't mind a few dozen computer viruses there are a few dodgy streaming services you can use - like goatd.net. DISCLAIMER: I am not responsible for your computer exploding or any spam/phishing emails your receive. If you click or an ad, even by accident, you'll wish you hadn't. Goes without saying, really. Don't give anybody your credit card unless you want to fund the mafia's next trip to Vegas. If the broadcast freezes, and it will, hitting refresh will cause something bad to happen - it's better to shut down your browser and computer, move to a different state/country, and try again.
Big deal. I could probably get away with four of these down each pantleg: http://www.steinberger.com/GTPRODLX.html
Never going to happen. While accident numbers only increase slightly at higher speeds, the consequences of those accidents are far worse. In a country where medicine is socialized and we're all on the hook for everyone else's medical bills, speed limits are here to stay. As for the nitwit, you don't always know the circumstances - maybe they're old or having car problems or are trying to figure out where they need to turn off. Maybe they were in the right lane and then suddenly found themselves in the left lane with no opportunity to pull right - happens all the time on the 401. I try not to assume the worst of people without knowing the whole story.
Yes and no. It was up to Liberal membership to pick a leader and he was clearly the best of the leadership candidates in the running. He was also polling third in the federal election until the first debate, and then moved into second - and was only really helped into first by the NDP's implosion under Mulcair. Plus, Trudeau's most supportive demographic is young voters, most of which know next to nothing about PET and vaguely know the name Trudeau from history books. It's not enough to have a famous name, there are gatekeepers at every step. EDIT: My point is that celebrity actually worked against Trudeau in the beginning - he's been criticized as a famous name since he first ran for Parliament, and at every stage has won people over as his own impressive person. Disagree with him all you want, but he has a certain genius for politics that is completely different in style than his father's.
I think the federal position on this, Harper and Trudeau, has always been that it would be good for the Canadian economy if it goes through, but given the level of opposition - Trump's position still requiring approval from the affected states - it probably will never happen. In the meantime, it's better to be seen as supportive and pro oil - especially now, with Alberta hurting.
Then let them label their idea challenging bullshit as "Opinion" or "Advertorial" instead of "News". If you post something as news, it needs to be based on facts and somewhat objective. I don't even mind a requirement that would require satire to be labelled as well, because that's how a lot of crap is going to be defended.
There are journalistic standards though, or there used to be. Believe it or not, news organizations are evaluated for objectivity, and most of them do pretty well most of the time. I think the biggest problem we have is the inability of readers to distinguish between opinion on the op-ed pages and actual news articles.
Getting your news from Facebook is even scarier.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Vv5CsP1pAg
How about Star Wars IX: Death Star IV
Too soon?
You're beyond help if you believe these news organizations aren't credible. The Canadian Association of Journalists did an evaluation of CBC campaign coverage two elections ago and found that it was almost completely accurate and fair. The BBC is outstanding. CNN has lost its way, but still gets the facts mostly right most of the time. Nobody is perfect, but I don't think people realize that news isn't meant to be perfect - every story is a developing story, there is always more to come. That news piece you read isn't the final word, it's part of a process that eventually arrives at the closest possible truth.
They carbon taxes would be applied by the provinces in whatever way they see fit. Most low income people will wind up ahead, the middle income will be split - some will pay a little more, some will get a bigger grant - and wealthy individuals and corporations will pay the most. In the meantime, there should be an investment in clean - or at least cleaner - energy, which is a job creator.
People don't understand that this is the reason why Trump is popular. Neoliberalism and globalism is dragging everyone down except a wealthy few. Governments used to encourage competition, break up monopolies, and back job creation first, and now it just feels like they are being held hostage by the few remaining monopolies that are constantly threatening to leave Canada or lay off more workers unless they get what they want. I wish buying Canadian was a choice I could make more often, I happily pay more for things that I know are creating jobs at home.
Nobody is 100% pure, but most news outlets do their best to walk an objective line in their news coverage - not necessarily the opinion pages. The CBC is considered by the people who study these things as the most objective of all our news sources. Other than your gut feeling, do you have an proof that the CBC is dishonest and deceitful and biased in its reporting?
It's not just Muslim, that's only one of 10 buildings that limit people based on culture or race - it's no better having German only or Lithuanian only buildings in Toronto. Once again the problem is that Canadian law is riddled with loopholes that people take advantage of - the wealthy Chinese, religious groups, ethnic groups, and so on. People will do whatever they can get away with that benefits them the most.
I grew up in Toronto, but have lived in Alberta, Nova Scotia and now B.C., and have spend a lot of time in Quebec. I'm amazed how few people west of Toronto have ever been to Montreal or Quebec City. Really, you need to go to these places - you don't need to speak the language, the people are great (more welcoming than the language rules might imply), and the whole vibe is very European. You will not be bored!
I know it's scary, but I hope you can keep your smile on and your sense of humor around your son - he can probably sense your fear, and it will make him afraid. It's hard, but he really needs you to be strong, confident, relaxed, and to treat everything like it's no biggie. I have a friend who is the opposite about everything, and she's turning her kid, who has an iron absorption issue he's supposed to outgrow, and her husband, into nervous wrecks. Her own mother once asked her to leave the hospital during a cancer screening because she was bumming her out.
You think it's been handled well? First there was the composition of the committee, then Trudeau made a comment that there's no appetite for electoral reform, then the committee suggested that the question should go to a referendum with a simple yes or no question regarding a system that has been selected yet, then we had that wacky and biased survey that didn't even really ask the question or do anything to find out what type of reform people would back, then Trudeau once again said he favours ranked ballots, etc. It's been a shit show.
There are a few problems. One is that wealthy immigrants (speaking generally) don't work, don't start businesses here, don't declare much in the way of income here, don't contribute more than the average refugee, and they definitely don't fill those front-line positions that immigrants use to work and we need 300,000 TFWs to fill. A lot of attention has been spent on the role foreign investors are having on real estate prices, but wealthy immigrants are a much bigger problem. Secondly, it's unfair. Those wealthy and educated immigrants tend to come from a handful of wealthy countries with strong education systems, rather than from poor countries where education isn't good or equally available. It automatically disqualifies a lot of good, hardworking people. Thirdly, the system doesn't really reflect our actual needs for workers (as per my first point about TFWs). We don't need more engineers, for example. We do need frontline workers in a wide range of service industries, and specialists in industries like mining and manufacturing.
A lot of people were surprised by that. There was no schedule announced when the promise was made, and a lot of people expected the government to move more quickly. It's not as complicated as they make it seem - all they really have to do in Parliament is change the federal laws on the books to legalize marijuana sales and plants, and let the provinces figure out the rest. At this rate, it won't actually be legalized until 2018, almost three years later. Meanwhile people continue to be arrested and charged for something that will soon be legal, and organized crime continues to profit.
Not France, but I always thought that there were similarities to Prague and Amsterdam - parks, public art, cultural institutions, mix of architecture, liberal mindedness, etc. I've never actually been to Paris.
It wasn't all good, some of it was actually pretty cool. I haven't been everywhere, but Germany, the UK, Czech Republic, Amsterdam, Italy, Greece.
Depends what level. My local government is a little bit corrupt in that they tend to hire friends and family members. There are multiple families in town where both the husband and wife work for the municipality, and during the summer months lo and behold their kids were somehow chosen for the summer work program. Getting hired is like getting made.
Nobody was - everybody seemed to be enjoying themselves.
I'm on the left side of every issue you can name except for immigration. It's not about the people or where they're from, it's purely a population thing - we're not built for our growing numbers, we don't have the jobs or infrastructure, our workforce is rapidly becoming more automated, and our cities are becoming more congested, expensive and unlivable. What would be wrong with capping our population at some point? We'd likely still have to bring in immigrants to compensate for our negative birth rate, but a sustainable number that we have jobs and housing for instead of 300,000 or whatever the number is this year. It's madness.
I just remember how easy Toronto used to be to live in, and I'm not sure I like what it's becoming. It really doesn't get better by adding more people. A lot of my friends are fleeing because of issues like traffic and housing costs, and moving to places like Ottawa, London, Oakville, Barrie, Niagara on the Lake, etc. I'd just really like us to have a national conversation about the future, what the employment situation is going to look like, our plan for one day stabilizing growth and the economy, our plan for sustaining the people we have in the event of a crisis, and creating better cities that will one day be home to 90% of Canadians. It just seems like all this growth is happening without a real plan for anyone or anything.
I think it's all about the discussion we're having now - they induct bands that are going to generate the most media attention and reaction, and even bad publicity (nominating pop artists earlier than journeyman rock bands) is good publicity because people are talking about it like it's important. Like me. On this thread.
This is why we need public election financing in Canada. I'd rather give each party a few million dollars than have our elected representatives meeting with lobbyists that have the ability to fund their next campaign. The first priority of any elected politician is to get re-elected, that will never change. The least we can do is to try and make that politician focus more on accomplishments, communications and outreach than on private fundraisers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sp3nsgTQNiI
There are other fascist tendencies though outside of immigration which are pretty worrying - Trump not divesting himself of business interests, his selection of billionaires and family members to run top posts, accusations of minorities rigging the election and aspersions of the validity of the election system, scapegoating of minorities, vilifying of political opponents as traitors, special registration and identification systems for people who aren't citizens, closing borders, empowering business to write legislation and self-police, lies and exaggerations directing policy, twisting and adding to the language (alternative facts will be the word of the year), twisting facts, muzzling public servants and scientists, etc. Trump hasn't been in power for a week yet, and it's nuts. That said, politicians really need to keep their mouths shut and Mulcair is an embarrassment.
Can't believe I forgot torture... And branding a whistleblower who shared video of US forces killing innocent civilians as an ungrateful traitor... And caring more about crowd size than anything else... And accusing the media of being fake or biased... It's been a pretty startling week for anyone who thought that Trump might be more moderate and reasonable than he acted while campaigning.
The mainstream media gets it 99% right 99% of the time. Believing otherwise is dangerous. Most media is privately owned and does have a well-known bias. It's impossible that there isn't a bias somewhere along the line from reporter to editor to publisher, whether it's the choice of words or context of the story - but the facts themselves are generally objective, stories almost always include opposing points of view or interpretation of those facts, and in the balance we're generally well informed and well served. There are gatekeepers who do keep a close watch on news organizations, and do fact-check news providers, and generally speaking the mainstream media does its job well enough to have a level of credibility that other news sources lack. I really think the biggest issue media has is its audience - people can't distinguish between news, editorial, advertorial or even satire, and don't understand that news is just a process that reaches the truth over time - nothing that gets spoken or printed is the definitive last word on anything, every story is a developing story. Also, it's not the job of the press to be completely neutral - it's to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable. Most of the perceived bias comes from questioning authority and being skeptical of official facts. Lastly, I'd like to point out that Trump was elected with the help of media - they reported on everything he did and said to feed public interest, ignoring other candidates in the process. They also reported Clinton's email issues like they were somehow equivalent to all the things that seven times bankrupt, three times divorced Trump said and did. Their coverage of Bernie Sanders, despite his following and fundraising, was abysmal. But if one good thing has come out of this election, it's media waking up to its mistakes, reaffirming its commitment to the truth, and getting back to work. Trumpism can only flourish in a world where the mainstream media is discredited, and his alternative facts can survive long enough to become real facts. EDIT: I know you're going to argue this point, so I'll ask you to prove that media is biased and fake. And keep in mind you can't point to a few slanted stories or errors in hundreds of pieces of copy, you need to prove to me that media itself is biased at the core, and lying to the public.
The definition doesn't include all the things that fascists tend to do. For one thing, fascists tend to scapegoat immigrants and ethnic groups for problems, and they tend to favour isolationism and higher barriers to what qualifies as a citizen. Nationalism thrives on fear of the other.
I've been ripping the ones that aren't damaged, that's how I came up with that 3/5ths number. It's a horror show, so much wasted money!
Where's your proof that MSM can't be trusted reporting issues on government or social policy? That's the problem with Trump - he says sweeping, damaging things with no evidence or facts to support him.
Does anybody really LOL anymore?
I think you're talking about the editorialism that takes place in the media - talking head news shows where a bunch of so-called experts debate the news. I'm talking about stories - fire at this restaurant, murder in that building, bombs dropped on those countries, etc. CNN, FOX, etc. are part of the problem, but there is a lot of good, balanced, credible news out there.
I used a CD wallet with plastic sleeves. I try to put everything away and treat carefully, but no matter how hard I tried to keep them scratch free, scratches would always appear - invisible grit I couldn't see, or imperfections in the sleeves. Then you have a party and friends stacking them on tables and counters, music side down. Some of them probably got bent and warped taking them out of the jewel cases, and if people jumped around a lot they'd wobble enough in the player to get nice round scratches. Plus, I had a few portable wallets for taking some into the car that always seemed to speed up the degradation process. I'm glad your collection is okay, mine is fucked. I even bought a few different CD restorers, which seemed to mess them up even worse. All I'm saying is that a few cents of plastic protection around the disk would have protected them from almost anything. Now I have what - $7,500 in CDs? - that are basically useless. Meanwhile I still have all the vinyl I bought as a kid, and aside from a few crackles they still work fine.
You've just described over half the Middle East, and a big chunk of Africa. Are we honestly supposed to take everybody? Serious question. Our capacity to integrate immigrants is already strained, our deficit is huge, our economy is more or less flat, our cities are close to full occupancy with record-high housing prices, employment numbers aren't great - especially among young people - and we've signed on to a program to actually reduce our greenhouse gas emissions, something we have no chance of accomplishing if we don't take steps to cap our population. While I like that we take in refugee families that we have the capacity to help, it's a global problem and we can only do so much. I can't help think that Trudeau is either courting disaster or spewing nonsense. Maybe we can cut the TFW program and cap immigration at 150,000, leaving capacity for up to 100,000 refugees or something. It should also be a national effort to avoid creating enclaves of refugees from one or two countries that will struggle to integrate while affecting the dynamic for everyone else.
People still believe that, even though it's been debunked.
The money isn't there, or the opportunities, which is a problem. Our First Nations are in hell right now, we have rural communities across the country where child poverty is a real issue. Other than bringing people here and feeling good about it, I really don't think we have the resources or programs available to help them once they're here. Social assistance is a joke, social housing isn't available, education is probably underfunded, transit isn't keeping up, etc. We could probably pay more taxes - I'd be okay with putting the GST back to 7% for one thing - but there are limits to what we can provide.
Yes.
Trudeau?
I think I'm extremely well informed about the Palestinian state and the struggle of the people being pushed out by settlements. How? Because the media reports it. They also report what our politicians say on the issue, mostly in support of Israel, but in almost every credible report you'll find facts about the situation on the ground.
http://vancouversun.com/ This is the front page of today's Vancouver Sun, which is the closest major newspaper to where I live. Tell me how any of this is biased? The story of the father-son team developing a zero G 3D printer? The story about how dual Canadian citizens can still visit the US, clarifying a sensitive issue for a lot of people? This is what newspapers and media do most of the time, report the stories of the day in a mostly objective manner. The Vancouver Sun is liberal on some issues and conservative on others, just like the National Post leans a little to the right - but that doesn't mean they're lying about anything, and as long as you know the source's bias and don't read the opinion pages as news, then you can still get pretty good information from them. We couldn't function without the media we have, which does a better job than you realize.
It's addressed to "those felling persecution, terror &amp; war", it's not really specific. Refugees everywhere will take notice, a lot of them will fail, and the story will be that Canada does not, in fact, welcome you.
The future is not the past. The world IS changing. There are reports that 40% of all jobs will be automated in the next 30 years. What does that mean for all the kids in school right now? Why is nobody talking about this, or what the future is going to look like when 90% of people live in cities? Our growth is based almost entirely on growing our population, (housing starts, consumer confidence, etc.), which isn't sustainable forever. Neither is trying to grow the bottom of the pyramid of workers to support the retirees and pension holders at the top, because eventually all those people at the bottom of the pyramid - assuming they have jobs in the future and can contribute - will one day be at the top themselves, and we'll need even more people at the bottom to support them. Canada needs to engineer its future to remain successful with a decent standard of living. There is a place for refugees, and I'd fully support bringing another 30,000 this year, but until we figure out what the future is going to look like then we're As for zero correlation, you're right - refugees do contribute more to Canada than wealthy immigrants right now, and diversity has been a strength for Canada, but that could change overnight.
Honestly, I think it's because people don't trust the media to report this, and don't have a foundation is basic journalistic ethics that would limit this kind of thing. The media does make the odd mistake when it comes to naming people, but generally they stick to generic terms until an individual is charged and can be identified.
This guy must get laid like a motherfucker.
I play it on PS2 and it holds up well - at least I haven't had any major issues.
Other countries do it, including China.
They also said this: &gt;Party spokesperson Trish Webb said it’s “overly simplistic” to describe the party policy as requiring women candidates in NDP-held ridings, and the party is interested in the larger picture of caucus diversity. The party also wants to pick candidates that can win, she said. “Ultimately the candidates are approved by the party executive, and as a candidate comes forward they will be dealt with on a one-off basis,” said Horgan.
So they're not really playing race and gender politics, they're more having an internal discussion about the composition of candidates for the next election? Would that be a more accurate statement?
Conventionally when you play the race or gender card, you make a big deal about it in the media to score points against your opponents. It's not an internal debate over caucus composition. Playing the race and gender card would for Horgan to release a statement saying "All of the Liberal Party's candidates in this election are white males" - he's making colour and sex an issue. An internal policy doesn't really qualify, they didn't even seem like they wanted the issue to come out and when it did they downplayed it be saying they would take the best person regardless of their policy.
This is kind of the alt-right's thing. They're offensive, quick to call people morons, idiots and retards, incredibly fast to suggest that the lamestream media is lying to you, and then when someone eventually tells them to fuck off and die they get all mock offended and make the case that leftists are unhinged and violent thugs that can't be reasoned with. As an act it's getting old, but The Rebel is making bank off of it. Source: firsthand experience on Reddit.
Is there any way of easily finding out how much they actually donated? The full amount is $162,476 (I think), and there should be a public record of donors at the Red Cross - or at least in tax documents filed by the Red Cross.
We're already polarized, and I'm sure we're going to discover that this political polarizing played a huge part in this tragedy. Alt-right supporters really need to tone down their rhetoric and choice of words, they can't just call for measured discussion when someone on their side is guilty of something heinous. They do make some good points at times, really they do, but the way it's packaged makes everything seem life and death, or justifies extreme measures are required. It's pure histrionics, designed to make people feel like their way of life is under attack. Members of the alt-right chants for the death and/or imprisonment of people like Rachel Notely, throw words around like "traitor" when talking about politicians like Trudeau, makes death threats and call for the assassination of leaders on social media, calls everyone they disagree with libtards and regressive lefties, and moron, and idiots. Simply put, I don't like the way the alt-right debates, or outlets like The Rebel frame their arguments. It passively condones hatred, incites anger, and makes objectivity impossible.
Most of the stories were fairly cautious, in my opinion - only Metro made the mistake of naming the second suspect. Otherwise it's been fairly factual - who was shot, what happened, who the victims are, the name of the killer, what the killer has been saying on social media, etc. They gave a chance for a few right-wing groups in Quebec he was associated with to condemn the shootings. Not the media's greatest work, but not the worst either - it's a developing story with some gaps in it to fill in, not a wrong story that will be completely corrected in a week.
Stats are great, and it's a good point, but it also makes a case for toning down the fear-mongering regarding Muslims, immigrants and refugees in general - a lot of people are under the impression that these groups are disproportionately dangerous, when there are no stats to back that up.
Nice word twisting. I was just responding to the previous comment, which was based on the premise of Macdonald's column.
I can see your confusion. My point was that he wouldn't have written an article saying brown Muslim men are Canada's terrorists because our history of mass shootings does not fit that profile - he simply couldn't have written this column the other way because there's no data to support it. However, there's a lot of data to support the column he did write, which was satire to begin with, and underlines why we shouldn't jump to conclusions about different ethnic and religious groups, and why some of our preconceptions are wrong.
10 - Roll around in all that Office money.
I've already written her to express my disappointment and let her know that I'll be voting NDP in the next election. I'm curious to see if she replies.
It's actually been shown to make traffic move slower - if you leave space you don't have to touch the brakes as often. Touching the brakes causes a chain reaction that can lead to a full-scale traffic jam.
You're such a covfefe. Quit being a covfefe. He really does have the best words.
Orthodox Jews are the bane of moderate Israelis these days, and are causing shit everywhere else. The Christian right helped elect President Dipshit south of the border, approving of his anti-Muslim stance. Jehovah's Witnesses are killing their children by denying them medicine, and are annoying as well. Let's just say that given a choice between accepting all religions or accepting no religions, I'd prefer none of the above.
I hope she didn't drive there.
Sex is supposed to fun and spontaneous, it honestly sounds like you're overthinking it. If you're not fully turned on these days - and it sounds like you have some things to work on - focus on some of the other benefits. Exchanging pheromones and building intimacy with your SO. All of the health benefits, from cardiovascular benefits to the reduced risk of cancer, to building your immune system to strengthening your pelvic floor. All the mental health benefits, increasing your happiness and sense of wellbeing. The anti-aging effects and increased lifespan. The effect it has on mental alertness and brainpower. The list is long. I don't always want to go for a jog - I'm hot, I'm tired, I have a headache - but I'm always glad I made the effort and I'm a better person for it.
I wonder what the best way to brace would be?
Vancouver brings in a foreign buyer tax and buyers move to Toronto. Toronto brings one in and they move on to Montreal. It's time for a national tax - 30% this time, because Vancouver's market has already recovered - that some communities can apply for an exemption from, such as resort communities that have luxury homes that were built specifically for foreign buyers.
They can talk about Obama's broken promise to close Guantanamo and Trudeau's broken promise to change the electoral system - that's leadership!
When the tax came to Vancouver, markets started exploding elsewhere in B.C. like Victoria, Nanaimo, Kelowna. The foreign buyers didn't care where they bought, they were just looking for a safe haven to stow and launder money they honestly weren't supposed to be taking out of China. Without a national tax, they'll just keep moving on to the next place and destroying affordability there. It's a balance between being open for business and ensuring you can provide affordable housing for your citizens.
It's completely unaffordable. The average detached home sold in Vancouver in the past year went for over $2 million, while the median family income for the city is $67K - BEFORE taxes. At a 3.5% mortgage rate you would need to spend almost $10,000/month on your mortgage alone, or almost twice your entire pre-tax income. Most financial planners agree that you should never spend more than 33% of your income on housing, with a maximum of around 40%. In Vancouver, even the people who bought condos are spending well over 50%. And the average family making $67K? At average tax rates they might have $45K a year to spend, of which they only have about $15,000-$20,000 a year to spend on housing. This is also a recent development. The same homes selling for over $2 million were considered overvalued when they were priced at a million dollars ten years ago, and 15 years ago they might have been worth $500-$600K. Here's a personal example of how fast real estate has increased in value. In 1995, the Toronto house I grew up in sold for just under $500K. In 2001 it resold for $1.1 million. In 2014, some Bay Street guy bought the house for $1.8 million, tore it down and built another million-dollar home on the lot. The reality is that wages aren't increasing fast enough for most people to keep up with the market.
We're not alone in taxing or trying to limit foreign ownership: http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/real-estate-housing-foreign-buyers-1.3479508 As for moving, a lot of people do - but they shouldn't have to move just make room for foreign millionaires who contribute next to nothing to the country or the economy. You shouldn't have to move away from your job, your family, your friends, your recreation and everything you like about where you live because somebody is making money off this bullshit. Vancouver is becoming an empty city that can't keep service workers, professionals or others around because of the real estate costs. It's also the last place I'd start a business because you would never be able to staff it.
1 day...
If mandating English only signs is discriminatory, aren't Chinese only signs discriminatory as well? The law should mandate the use of one or two official languages with the option of additional languages as befits the area and store's clientele. Why is this contentious?
We're an inclusive country, or at least we're supposed to be. You can't open a country club and ban Jews from it anymore, and black people can enter the front door of restaurants. Advertising your business to Chinese people only isn't inclusive, and is probably discriminatory.
While growing our population from one billion coal and gasoline using fools to eight wasteful billion.
If he believes it, that means he got faster since the Games - can't wait to see this race! Bolt is a terrible starter but that stride of his is insane and he doesn't even seem like he's trying half the time. If De Grasse can get out of the blocks fast enough, and Bolt is running below his ability, who knows? The best part of watching these guys go head to head is after the race. They seem to genuinely like and respect each other, and to be having a good time.
But they can group by type AND brand. Put the pants with the pants and then divide the pants department by name brands. I actually prefer the Winners approach, prices aside, because I can look at everything at once and decide which ones I want to try on.
Sea to Sky actually. The highway was 90 but everybody was driving over 100. So they made it 100 and now everybody is driving 115. The road is way too winding for that speed, I've seen a lot of cars blow corners and the number of fatalities is inching up again.
The pilot projects are themselves flawed simply because they are pilot projects - nobody is going to quit their job and live off mincome because they know the program is going away eventually and they don't want to be worse off when it does. They also already have kids and mortgages and commitments that require them to work. The result is that mincome pilot programs are generally successful when it comes to looking at the number. However, if mincome became the law of the land tomorrow, I do believe a lot of people would drop out of the labour force - too many to support without increasing taxes. I'd rather increase social welfare programs to make them better, bring in credit card-style voucher programs to ensure that families are spending the money on groceries and clothing for their children, and invest heavily in education and training programs. In fact, I think EI should be a personal savings program that anyone can take advantage of in order to change jobs or retrain themselves.
I don't think many people in the services industry would do it if you took away the tips unless the salary was really, really good. Nobody is going to work in a crowded, noisy bar full of leering, obnoxious drunks banging on the counter for faster service if it means getting the minumum wage.
I know bar and restaurant owners and the margins are generally shit - like 5%. That means if you make a million in revenues your net profit is $50K. The overhead is huge. I'm all for a $15 minimum wage for most jobs, but the moment restaurants have to comply it will either result in staff cuts - e.g. one waitress for every 10 tables instead of 5 - reduced quality or portions, or price increases which may result in fewer people going there and the restaurants/bars closing down. One bar owner I know said he'd pay his staff $20 if he could, but a beer would be $12 and they would have to sell as many of them as they do now at $6. I also know a lot of servers who really like working for tips - they go the extra mile, they work their asses off, and as a result they earn about 50% more than I do at my desktop, with far more flexibility, fewer hours on the job, and longer vacations than I could ever dream of.
I'd also imagine that there are a lot of people waiting in the wings that would jump at a much smaller decline - to dip that low (40%) that would mean that nobody would take the plunge at 10, 20 or 30%, which is not the case.
It's funny, but it's also basically a joke stolen from Colbert.
Dr. Kelso can move.
Yes you can, actually - automation for example, or by increasing value-added conversion of resources. A lot of countries have GDP and incomes rising faster than population growth.
Thanks for reading the article. &gt; criticism of mass immigration is treated in many quarters as xenophobic, if not racist, since newcomers are overwhelmingly visible minorities. While a moderate degree of diversity can make society more vibrant — and my own family is an example of this — it is quite a different matter when it develops to a level where it overwhelms and largely replaces the existing population, particularly when there is no good reason for allowing this to happen. It's not about race people, immigrants could be flooding Canada from Sweden and Norway and the concerns would be the same.
Did you read it? And do you really believe that our immigration policy, which favours the wealthy, isn't having any impact at all on housing prices in Vancouver? Can you at least entertain the idea that there's more going on than just foreign investors and whatever rankings for most liveable city were published last? And that the goal of this article isn't to blame immigrants, but to look at the costs and other impacts that immigration may be having?
Why not debate it? Right now the conventional wisdom is that immigrants are a net positive for Canada, that we were built by immigrants and therefore more immigration is always a good thing. But there are some numbers that suggest the skills shortage is exaggerated, and that our current immigration levels may have costs and impacts that are negative - including the rising cost of housing. It's not fearmongering to ask questions about government policy or to look at the data. By the way, you must have seen reports that suggest up to 40% of Canadian jobs will be automated in the next 30 years. Shouldn't we be accounting for that possibility, and consider that by raising our population now we're courting a bigger disaster then?
How's the work ethic?
I worry that this kind of access to technology will hurt your dog's grades.
All the things you mentioned are happening anyway.
I'd go with Fiber Fix. Strong as steel... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haPvuhznuyI
Idiots have nothing to sue for. Can't get blood from a stone.
My understanding is that Germany's issue isn't population as much as demographics (e.g. number of workers for number of seniors and retired people) which is the same problem a lot of other western countries are facing. I can't believe the only way to solve a population bubble is to grow another bubble underneath it - that's a pyramid scheme that will require countries to continue to grow until everything collapses. I'd rather upset the economy, deliberately shrink GDP (like Japan is doing) as a measure that's not particularly useful, and stabilize our populations before we bring about an environmental catastrophe that destroys us. Population is a problem, not a blessing - we passed the sustainable limit that the earth can provide for a couple of billion people ago.
Tell me that's not that, though - at the very least they need to build some permanent dikes in the area. You probably can't use sand for that, but they could backfill a wall that does the same thing.
I think 22% is probably about right. There are some statistical reasons why it makes sense - e.g. larger families are often also low income, First Nations birth rates are higher and those kids are more likely to live in poverty, refugee families often have three or more children. But I also live in B.C., and there is a lot of white poverty - take a 10 minute drive from downtown Victoria or downtown Kelowna, or head north to a town like Prince George or Williams Lake, and you'll see a lot of families and parents just scraping by. Some people do make good money, but with mills and economic opportunities coming and going, a lot of people are becoming more dependent on the state. B.C. child poverty statistics are pretty well documented, it's been a provincial shame for a long time. http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/bc-poverty-youth-1.3865191
I might still have cable if I had the option of just paying for the channels I watch, and if they had an option for renting channels for special events. Mostly importantly, the guide should only show my channels - I hate scrolling through 999 channels.
A lot of people where I live to to Costa Rica to get things like crowns - it's a tenth of the price, like $250US per Crown. They do some surfing, spend a few days on the beach recovering from their dental work, and come home happy. If something bad happened though, I think they'd be screwed - I don't think medical insurance would cover a botched dental procedure. In most cases you could get yourself home for care, but there may be a few things that would require hospitalization.
I'd say a bigger problem is the fact that our immigration system favours the wealthy, and wealthy immigrants - many from China - are causing the problem. We use to bring in immigrants as a way to staff our entry level jobs, now we use TFWs for that, and hand out citizenships to people who have incredible resources, and no intention to start businesses or declare any income here.
Sorry you didn't make the last show, but you can get the DVD for $15. It was pretty awesome how they worked back in time, the set changing with them at every step. So glad to have been there for the end.
I'd argue that Pride has morphed from a political statement to a cultural celebration - although there is something to be said about putting on a thong and a sailor's cap and partying your face off simply because it offends people who deserve to be offended, and because gays are still persecuted by those people around the world.
Depends on what kind of pollution you're talking about - sulphur and lead content is definitely down, but ground level ozone is up, as well as other airborne pollutants. For example, a lot of urban pesticide use on lawns is bad because the residual pesticide compounds dry out and become airborne particulates.
Russet potatoes are pretty good for you, and quite cheap. Try to keep the skin on if you can, the skin has lots of fiber and B6.
We're coming on 10 years since the start of the subprime meltdown in the U.S., which means a solid decade of "Canada is Next!" hysteria. If our housing bubble burst every time a financial publication said it would the price of a home in Toronto would be less than Detroit.
In my daughter's class the bully is in all of the martial arts programs. And if you did fight back a little, the punishment would escalate - instead of getting pushed to the ground you'd end up with a black eye and a fat lip, and a really shameful moment where you'd have to beg the asshole for mercy in front of the whole school. Fighting back only works when you win. Honestly, the better route is to get involved. Volunteer at the playground at lunch hours, talk to the parents, or even talk to the bully yourself. There was a time when I was bullying this poor kid along with about 10 other kids - standing back, but still on the side of my asshole friends - and a teacher intervened. He took us all to a classroom, and started talking to us about superheroes - did we read X-Men or Spider-Man comics, did we see the new Batman movie, etc.. Then he asked us if would like to be superheroes: "if you had a billion dollars and could be Batman, would you?" We all got excited talking about this for a while (Grade 3 I think) before the teacher dropped the boom. "Well if Batman showed up today he would have gone after all of you because today you were the bad guys. If Spider-Man swooped in, you'd all be hanging upside down by webs with signs hanging off you that read 'Bully'." That was the most powerful thing he could have said - none of us really saw ourselves as the bad guys, or wondered what a good guy would do in that situation. There was a huge change after that. I think, for a while at least, we all tried to be superheroes and a few of the kids in that group kept it up through high school.
I disagree, a lot more people are taking action as the opportunities become available. My family? We made a conscious decision to have one car (Honda Fit), I took a job that let me work from home, I'm a vegetarian and my family eats next to no meat as I do most of the cooking, we eat organic and as close to the 100 mile diet as possible, and our house is as efficient as we can make it. I know a lot of families that are doing things - not perfect maybe, but making a conscious effort. Outside households, more companies are reducing carbon as well in anticipation of the coming carbon tax (whish is already on the books in BC), and local and provincial government programs are having an impact as well. However, I agree that it's still somewhat pointless. When the federal government announced the carbon tax, the minister said something like "this is the equivalent of taking 1.2 million cars off the road." However, we're also growing our population by around 500,000 a year including over 300,000 immigrants, so the benefit of the tax will be nullified in less than three years. Population caps are the way to meet our obligations, although you'll never hear a politician say it.
Exactly - it's a teaching moment. As someone with a white, somewhat racist mother who will one day be in a hospital surrounded by multicultural doctors and nurses, this is going to my hell in the next 10 years.
Gold is as virtual as it gets - it only has value because we say it has value. We could choose to value something else more.
It does suck if you bought the house to live in it - it's not your fault that Chinese billionaires need somewhere safe to park their money. You could sell, but where would you go?
Why? Gold is a rare metal that is easy to test against forgery (coining) because of its density, but it's still just a metal that has a limited number of practical uses. It made sense as a currency once upon a time, but not anymore. Its value is purely subjective.
Deer flies are worse - horse flies are slow, easy to kill, and take forever to bite you. Deer flies are the F16s of the insect world.
It's more amazing that a bullet was travelling in the air for almost 10 seconds before hitting a target.
And invites retribution from lone gun assholes. There was an ISIS guy on Reddit for awhile who was killed in combat, but he said a lot of the ISIS soldiers are driven by revenge - something Allah is apparently cool with. It's all pretty stupid - ISIS's conflict is a war of choice that they started, so to avenge anyone who dies as a result of something you did to yourself is ridiculous.
If all people in Ontario had to worry about was provincial debt that would be true, but the 39.4% provincial debt is on top of our 66% federal GDP to debt ratio. Some municipal governments - like Toronto - are also carrying debt ($3.5B in T.O.'s case). They can't add new debt but they're still responsible for paying that.
Vegan here. I really try not to judge others but instead live my life to show people that consuming meat and animal products are not necessary to be happy or healthy. I almost never get sick, I have higher energy levels than most of the other men my age, I'm lighter than most, and I'm more active as well. It's actually a bit of a golden age to be a vegetarian or vegan - there are dozens of milk alternatives that are pretty good, dozens of meat alternatives (soy, meat or gluten-based) that are amazing, and most restaurants have at least a few vegetarian options. There's really no reason to eat meat when I can make a Gardein meatball sub in marinara sauce, slice up President's Choice meatless chicken breasts onto a Caeser salad, or throw a few Field Roast veggie dogs onto the barbecue, or add some Yves ground round made from pea protein to my pasta sauce.
There always is a bit of cruelty at the end though - the animals aren't sedated before killing, and even free range animals are typically transported somewhere where they are killed and butchered - there's probably a smell of death in the air they recognize even if they don't suffer much. We know that most farm animals are somewhat intelligent and have rich emotional lives - not so different from our dogs and cats, and we don't tend to eat them.
It's kind of up to the boyfriend to press charges and he seems to find it all kind of funny. If he was weeping on the floor or begging her to stop, for the love of god, please, I'd be with you on this.
I would have a blanket ban with a few exceptions for recreational properties. There are a lot of foreign-owned ski chalets and condos in B.C. for example, and a lot of cottages in places like Ontario. That housing stock wasn't built for locals or Canadians necessarily, but to attract wealthy foreign buyers.
I'd say both Toronto and Vancouver are pretty much fucked with no hope in sight - and not just by foreign investors, our preference for wealthy immigrants is also having a major impact. That's two of our major cities. Victoria, Nanaimo and Kelowna are starting to be fucked, and Montreal will fall soon after. If a hundred people lose their homes to a flood it's a national disaster. This is far worse - potentially millions of people priced out of the housing market, rental or for purchase, in many of our major centres.
There's every reason to panic, it's the beginning of something terrible - a pattern we've seen in Vancouver, Victoria, Toronto, etc. that is repeating itself elsewhere. Imagine if Vancouver could have done something about this 10-15 years ago.
Nobody's that brave anymore. Go and try, then watch your virtual inbox melt.
There are more millionaires in China than people in Canada. The Chinese central government is threatening to prevent the movement of capital outside the country, giving those millionaires every incentive to move their money now before it becomes impossible later. Canada is one of the easiest and safest places to park your family and your money - not the least because we don't have an extradition treaty with China and allow foreign ownership of properties. Because - at least in terms of Hong Kong - our real estate is still considered affordable. Because we have a reasonably good education system that accepts foreign students. Because there are a lot of other Chinese people here to pave the way. Because Quebec is the only jurisdiction in Canada that has a Immigrant Investor program. Because, based on these numbers, it's already starting.
There are lots of good ideas for curbing this, but so far federal and provincial governments have been reluctant to do anything. The 15% foreign buyer tax levied in Vancouver did very little other than slow housing sales and price increases for a couple of months. They didn't go to 30% though, which some other jurisdictions use, which is telling. They don't want to upset all of the homeowners - mainly voting boomers and seniors - that are making bank off the situation, or put a bunch of homeowners who bought in this ridiculous market under water. That's why the comment I replied to suggested that it was too late for Vancouver, and why I think it's also too late for Toronto.
You're right, but that only makes it more important that we do something about this. It's like Senate reform or introducing a national pharmacare program - it's hard because of the way laws and acts were written, so nobody ever does anything but complain. Countries need to be able to move and progress with the times, and clinging to historical laws and documents is the opposite of that. Eventually you can get to a point - like we see in the U.S. on a number of issues - where real change becomes impossible because you're bogged down by the past.
Do you know the story of that pattern? I went online shopping for sweatshirts for my daughter and that exact pattern was available - all the other patterns were pretty insane, I assumed it was an inside joke of some kind.
I should probably explain that the majority of properties here are owned by Canadians, and the value of those properties is largely the result of being able to sell to Americans and others. A lot of people would lose a lot of money if you took that away. I could see us making an exception for the U.S. - we generally reciprocate with them anyway, so if we banned Americans from buying here they would probably ban snowbirds from buying in the U.S.
I used to believe that, but now I'm not so sure. The CCP could have stopped this overnight but didn't. Why? Maybe because it's good for China to have Chinese dual citizens living around the world and buying up valuable assets that they can lay a claim to the same way they claim anything Chinese. If any of these people remain somewhat loyal to China, or any of their family members remain in China, then they have leverage. It gets trade deals signed, opens the door to more acquisitions of Canadian land and businesses, and paves the way for other opportunities as well - while also ensuring there's a powerful and wealthy lobbying group of Chinese Canadians to put pressure on our politicians.
It's absolutely consistent with Canada, don't delude yourself that this is an aberration. First Nations have been brutalized and disenfranchised since the start, and there's a long history of bigotry against other races, cultures and religions. Halifax was a segregated city until the '60s. Refugee Jews were denied landing here and sent back to Europe in WWII, where some of them were killed in concentration camps. Jews were banned from various country clubs as recently as the '80s. Gays? Let's just say it's been a long road to where we are now. I've seen racism against various refugee groups, from the Vietnamese boat people to Sikhs escaping the violence there. I like to think that we're getting a little better, but we still have a lot of divides in this country. And right now I'd say the Muslim divide isn't just based on terrorism - I think a lot of people think the treatment of women and girls that we see even amongst our so-called allies in Saudi Arabia aren't consistent with the Canada we want to create. The debate over burquas is far from over.
I'd say the Orange Wave will do better than you think based purely on their promise to reform our electoral system - their promise will highlight Trudeau's distortions on the file and his own broken campaign promise. A lot of people do care about this issue, and even all the people that don't will care that the Liberals broke a campaign promise and lied about their reasons for it. Unfortunately an Orange Wave is good news for Scheer. I won't vote for the Liberal Party candidate in my own riding after she sympathized with me - and others - who were upset about the broken electoral reform promise (reassuring us that it was her priority as well) and then went on to vote against the recent motion to accept the results of the electoral commission. Add in the budget, Trudeau's inaction on our borders, his wider invitation that we'll accept anybody, his kowtowing to China, that ridiculous survey, and the glib manner that he dismisses issues that others consider important, his big promises and lack of action regarding First Nations, his lack of transparency and ethical lapses, etc. and I just can't bring myself to vote Liberal again.
Maybe. I guess we'll know in about 2.5 years. But even people who aren't fans of ER should at least be offended by the broken promise, the lying rationalizations for it, and the lack of a referendum on the issue.
"Everyone ^who ^matters is going to be covered."
Who's getting gold for the what now?
She sounds like a terrible person ^I'd ^^like ^^^to ^^^^meet.
I'd say that turnout is the most important factor - and turnout usually drops in these snap elections. That's actually good for the Liberal Party who have a large and motivated base. They also have a lot of ill-gotten cash in the bank to blow on this election while the other parties will be scrambling to fundraise - and to find candidates, as their candidates from the last election probably won't be able to take another break from their jobs and families to run again.
I want to vote Green, but they have zero hope of forming government and making electoral reform possible - surely you see that? They could double their seat total again and again and still be the third place party. The Green Party will start to lose any seats they gain if all they can do is play spoiler in a minority situation, cozying up to whatever party gives them what they want.
It's not happening for the Green Party in my lifetime. They will not win the next election or even get enough seats to be the official opposition. Same goes for the election after that, and the one after that. All they can hope for by siphoning left-leaning votes from the NDP is to be a spoiler party. Or voters could do the sensible thing and vote in the NDP now, support electoral reform, and then vote for the Green Party in the future. Not voting strategically could doom us to another Liberal government - it was really close last time, and if the writ drops tomorrow they can point to a $1.2 billion surplus and the fact that the NDP technically voted against reforming campaign financing. They are a couple of close ridings - and the strong possibility of more split NDP/Green votes - away from retaking power. That's why they're essentially forcing this election, because they know they can win it. And everybody who thinks the Greens have a chance is going to help hand it to them.
The truth doesn't matter, all that matters is how people will vote in two months - and at this time a lot of those people are employed by resource industries. That's reality.
It still makes no sense to vote Green because they have no chance of forming government, the parties won't agree on anything in a coalition (including the best way to pursue electoral reform). Meanwhile the Greens have every chance of splitting votes and handing the reigns back to the Liberals. There were 16 ridings in the last election where the NDP and Green Party split the vote and the Liberal candidate won - including mine. Even if the Green Party won all of those seats, they would still be the third party. Even if the Green candidate finished ahead of the NDP candidate in the last election (which happened in my riding) it STILL makes way more sense to vote for the party that has a realistic chance of forming government instead of risking more split votes and a Liberal win. The NDP could run an actual monkey in my riding against the Canadian Al Friggin' Gore and I would still vote for the monkey because that's the only sensible thing to do to if you want to change the electoral system once and for all.
Why ignore it? I love Canada - we've created one of the most stable, highest functioning countries on the planet with a standard of living that is the envy of the world. But our mistreatment, attempted gentrifcation, and marginalization of First Nations is a black stain. I'm under no illusions that First Nations would have been left alone in the age of colonization - if not the Brits they would have been taken over, and left in an even worse position, by the French, Americans, Spanish, Dutch, or any of the other major colonizing powers. Even the Russians might have laid claim to the western part of the country. But when I compare our situation to other countries with indigenous populations - like New Zealand - we have a lot to be ashamed about. Everyone in Canada should study First Nations languages and culture instead of dismissing them as untamed savages fit for replacement by cultured Europeans. We should be renaming landmarks according to First Nations names. First Nations should be able to leave their reserves and feel honoured, respected, reflected, and understood everywhere they go. In New Zealand, the Maori's warrior culture is respected. They have guaranteed representation in government and land trusts, and every Kiwi I've ever met can speak some of the language - the Haka, the Maori version of the national anthem, a lot of sayings and phrases, etc. When the All Blacks, one of the world's great sports dynasties, hit the rugby pitch they always have Maori representation as well. It's not perfect by a long stretch, but it's better than anything we have here. We could and should be doing a lot more. It's not as easy as in New Zealand - there are more core First Nations languages and cultures in Canada for one thing - but it's not impossible. Everybody on the West Coast should know some Coast Salish, Prairie dwellers should know some Sioux and Blackfood, Ontarians should know some Cree, Ojibwa and Huron, etc. In my mind this is the only viable solution to the so-called First Nations problem. Let First Nations feel respected and valued, and reassured that their traditions will carry on, and they will feel better leaving reserves, joining the workforce, and integrating into a country that is supposed to welcome diversity.
Outsourcing is garbage, and honestly one of the worst things about this is that our telecoms are not passing the savings of outsourcing on to their customers - it's just a cynical move to make a little more profit.
That certainly won't happen - the moment we tear up treaties and annex land, it becomes a full-blown international issue and we will probably be sanctioned. And I don't believe it's ever too late. I have points to refute a lot of your arguments as well, but honestly don't have the time during my workday. Let's just say Maori did put up a good fight at the start that defined the colony, but at this point in time they are a minority in NZ at maybe 15% of the population - and yet they are still treated with respect and accommodated when it comes to things like language. Compare it to the aboriginal situation across the Tasman Sea, where Australians have basically been doing the same things we have, and it's night and day.
No political party will ever get elected with a promise to break up reserves, tear up the Indian Act and recent Supreme Court decisions, and force the resettlement of First Nations - in other words, it will never happen. That option is completely off the table, which means the best way forward is true reconciliation and accommodation. If we can show younger people that this is their Canada and that their heritage and culture are protected, they will leave the reserves on their own.
The problem is that First Nations governance is a bit messy right now - some bands are doing well and like the status quo, others are suffering and want revenge and restitution, others just want an increase in funding and powers of self government, etc. The Supreme Court has already given First Nations de facto partnership rights when it comes to resource applications, which is a good first step, but you are right - there needs to be a renegotiation of status within Canada. To start with, I'd like to see First Nations get guaranteed representation in government and the Senate, like they do in New Zealand, as well as in provincial legislatures - something that would be relatively easy if we could just get the electoral system changed to proportional representation. It would also be beneficial if the changes weren't top down. Right now we negotiate with band leaders and they win concessions and funding that tends to go directly to band governance, which presumably - but not always - trickles it down to the band members. While that's necessary (even if it puts the money and resources beyond our control) I'm more concerned with taking a leg up approach with band members, and making them feel more comfortable joining in with the economy. For example, I live in a ski resort that brings in workers from around the world - Australians, South Americans, Filipinos, etc. - to work in restaurants and hotels. Meanwhile there's a First Nations band 30 minutes in one direction with over 40% unemployment, and another band 45 minutes in the other with over 30% unemployment. I really think accommodation would empower those potential workers to join the workforce here. It would really only take them a decade before they'd be running this place in management roles, acting as role models in their communities and laying the groundwork for hiring more First Nations. For that to happen, we would have to help out at first by subsidizing transit, making allowances for band traditions like multi-day funerals, increasing First Nations language and cultural visibility so they feel comfortable, and giving the workers some leeway to make mistakes as they come on board. It will be tough and expensive, but at the end of the day it will be worth it.
I panic when I spend more in a day than I earned, I have a few years of poverty that still keep me up nights. Kind of hurt me as well. I'm afraid to take chances career-wise, and will stick with whatever's safe even if I hate it. I also work twice as hard as I need to build my value and ensure I'm the last person to be cut - something I'm sure previous co-workers have hated me for. I look at my wife who lived at home when she went to college and always had her father, the dental surgeon, to fall back on and we have very different worldviews and tolerances for spending and risk.
I'm disliking Trudeau a lot right now - he's ethically questionable at times, he broke the electoral reform promise and lied about his reasons for it, our deficit was stunning, his tweet about accepting everyone may have spurred a lot of cross-border refugees from the U.S. we're now responsible for, etc. But I like this stuff - reconciliation and union with First Nations is Canada's moon landing, the only way forward as a viable country.
I have a smooth jazz number called "White Lady" coming out soon. The ownership of the term is clearly mine.
http://canadathestore.com/
http://canadathestore.com/
