No. I used to be a woefully poor student and I work hard for what I have. Shopping is a hobby. Everybody liked to look good. I embrace my girly nature. There is nothing shallow about looking good and feeling confident so long as you don't judge others by what they wear.
Exactly. There are never going to be theories we all agree on in this sub. Calling somebody out on it is just rude.
I work with engineers. Everything that could be simplified requires a long, tedious process. It's all about formality. And engineers are so dry that I feel like I'm in episodes of 'The Big Bang Theory'. And just about all of them wear such bland clothes for function rather than style.
I signed up for Arbitrary Day, Reddit Turns 10, and Disney. My matches are good people and I wouldn't mind being friends with one. And two aren't lurkers, yay.
To be fair, Mona acted dumb at times and her best friend Hanna didn't know that she was A.
The boys look alike and I think that Charles has been confirmed as a diLaurentis. He is either a twin, cousin, or half brother to Jason. Andrew can't be one of the boys as he is Ali's age.
Bethany had a family and was in the grave. The actress for her most likely hadn't been cast. We can assume that the Liars know what Bethany looks like even if we don't. I have a hard time wrapping my head around Mrs D having twins and Ali. Now Mrs D might have hid Charles (if it's her own) but she wouldn't be careless to have another baby.
People licking their knives. Urgh, it repulses me and I really want to say something to them.
Ali was Toby's neighbour for a long time if I recall correctly. It would be extremely difficult to pass a kid off as being four years younger than they are. You can't say, pass an eight year old off as a four year old.
I think it's either Sarah Harvey or Charles himself.
Ha I've never liked her. I used to be in the minority and would get downvoted when I expressed my dislike of her. And now it's popular to dislike her. She irritates me to no end. I used to find Spencer insufferable but quite like her now.
Velvet. And fake flowers on hats.
Britney Spears perfume. Now that probably doesn't sound that bad but it was from my ex's mother and every year I would get one. I hated the smell and so ended up with five unopened celebrity perfumes at the end of the relationship. Nothing like expecting to get the same crap every year.
How luxurious. Worth every penny. I would love a homemade bag one day. You've got good taste and know what you want.
My friends don't watch this show. And most people I know talk about 'Game of Thrones'. I'm not into fantasy. I'm a girly girl who likes literature, old films, drama, so this show is perfect for me.
I don't think that they would make the connection that Cece wore a yellow top. I actually don't think that Cece was there at all that night.
I thought that it might have been Andrew.
I find it interesting that there are (rightly so) downvotes when it's noticed that a cast member has put on weight. Yet a few of you mock Toby's chin, Sydney's lips, Tanner's hair, Paige's chin, etc. Be nice.
My theory that he was involved in a fire at Campbell farm which got him sent to Radley and why the farm closed down.
No, because he was a doctor when he was dating Melissa before the A shenanigans. If Charles had been doing A stuff before Mona, then Wren would be the world's most useless detective.
In my hipster uni days, I used to play 'Imitosis' repeatedly. I don't think I fully comprehended the lyrics but I had indie cred for 'discovering' him.
But Wren has been in England. A has been pretty hands on and would have had the satisfaction of watching the girls suffer. Charles is/was a diLaurentis so how would you explain that relationship? And Charles in the video has blue eyes.
I think that Charles thought that she was actually Ali. Maybe he didn't know the real Ali very well.
We don't have to literally see him in England as Spencer's mother was communicating with him and Melissa. If I recall correctly, Spencer said that staying with them was fine. There's no reason to not believe that he and Melissa aren't in England apart from saying that they aren't to fit a theory. A bit like how we don't need to literally see where the parents are if they're not relevant to the plot.
I just watched 'Josie and the Pussycats'. I want to see everything with Gabriel Mann.
'Well the last train out to Sydney's almost gone'.
'I like Aeroplane Jelly...'. 'My dad picks his nose...'.
Australia.
Jason and Andrew are different ages. Andrew is the same age as the girls.
Cece is quite a bit older than Ali. We can assume that the two yellow dresses were identical so it's very unlikely that Cece and Ali would have been the same size when they were kids.
But why would the parents go along with that? That seems twisted even for PLL that they forced him to be his dead brother.
Andrew has lived in Rosewood for quite a while. You can't pass off a kid as being seven years younger than they are.
I got into LK Bennett because I was googling her shoes. I have one pair of strappy heels that are gorgeous though expensive. And Reiss heels are so nice and not hugely pricey on sale but I'm being good. Gosh, for a girl who is into bags I do look at shoes a lot.
Maybe Uber A isn't necessarily bad. Maybe they can't control the violent and sadistic Charles. They just have their plan and are trying to get justice. We've seen good people be pushed into doing bad things when they're at their wits end.
Or maybe he kidnapped Sara because he thought that she *was* Alison. Maybe he didn't know the real Ali very well.
Is that a euphemism?
I really don't think he's a bad policeman. He's in a difficult position as he has loyalty to the girls but tries to stay professional. And he does do arrests like he's instructed to like with Egg. And if my partner had been hurt by a maniac, I'd be extremely unprofessional about it as well.
I just don't think he's Charles. We can assume that Charles is one of the boys in the home video. I do believe that the boys are Jason and Charles with the baby being Ali. Andrew is the same age as Ali so he can't be one of the boys in the video as he would have been a baby himself.
Downvote for 'duck lips'. Her lips are fine, be nice. I don't like it when you guys mock the actors' looks on here.
I'm so over the Toby circlejerk. I felt so sorry for him when he first appeared and was an outsider. He's been through a lot, what with being bullied and being sent to juvie for something that he didn't do. He of course got emotional and irrational and joined the A team. I'd do whatever I had to do to uncover the truth about my family. I like Spoby but I personally feel that Spencer is in the wrong most of the time when they argue. Spencer gets a lot of love on here but she's not a very good girlfriend. She cheats on him and acts bratty when he has to work late and can't bend the rules for her. The way that she acts you can't blame him for being a bit possessive. He does have to work on his communication skills a bit though as he doesn't do well when Spencer is being emotional.
I like the watch. Personally I'd stick to the traditional watch brands so Citizen, Seiko, Tissot, Casio, etc. A watch ought to be classic, not trendy. Maybe get her something with a thin strap. Michael Kors make popular watches though not to my taste and most girls like Kate Spade. I wore a steel Guess watch when I was at uni that was simple, adjustable, and not horribly blinged and logo'd.
You're lucky you've never had to deal with a cockamouse.
Emily is getting Single White Female'd.
Unlikely that Toby is Charles. There is about a five year difference between them and it would very difficult to pass a kid as being five years younger than they are.
I live in Aus and hope you have me! Maybe try and send it from retailers like Myer, David Jones, JB Hifi, Dick Smith? I bought my Macbook from Dick Smith and the prices are lower than from the Apple store.
Ayy...lmao.
I loved Anastasia Krupnik! Thank you for giving me a literary friend throughout my childhood.
Ha, you understand what it means? Always nice connecting with fellow cat lovers.
Ella Montgomery. She never really put her foot down with regards to Ezra. She was going to marry a guy who she suspected had been inappropriate with a young girl, despite having a young daughter herself. Terrible parent and no wonder Aria is the way she is. I think Pam Fields is a great parent. Emily is the nicest, stable, and most rounded Liar.
'Men don't really like oral sex. It's a vicious rumour that was started in the '50s'.
I find myself missing a colleague who I'm sure liked me and then when he resigned, I let myself like him. I didn't want a work relationship. And nothing happened between us though there was definite attraction there. We could never make it work. Dammit.
I doubt that he would be significantly older enough to be relevant. He can't be Jason's age as people have theorised as you can't pass a kid off as being six years older than they are.
It could be Dean and Egg unfortunately. Both of them had a relationship of sorts with Spencer. And I think it was Egg who said that he had lived in Rosewood before.
I prefer the light blue shirt as well but personally don't like the olive top. Olive isn't really a flattering colour.
Of course but it's not an easy colour to wear or photograph. I've worn an olive green top and the colour looked muddier in pics. And as it's her engagement photos, I'd suggest a colour that's a bit nicer.
I don't think anyone was shocked about Mona being alive. I just didn't want her to be as I was sick of characters coming back to life. It would have been better if she had vanished. Mona is such a monster. She faked her own death so hurt a lot of people to let Ali take the blame for it. She's as sick as A is. I knew Sarah would come back.
I don't quite believe this story... It sounds a bit cliche and has elements in it to make you feel rage against his ex wife.
Yea, the story sounds fake to me. Soldier, affair, illegitimate child, conspiracy, etc.
The Unbreakably Kimmy Schmidt. Great comedic cast, odd, dark, funny.
I think that Noel Kahn was Beach Hottie. It's a bit more palatable for that Ali was sleeping with a guy who was actually about her age. It would also explain what she had over him.
If I understood the fetishes then they might be my own, right?
I know that Rosewood parents aren't great but disappearing on your son and husband for a few years and letting them go through the pain of thinking that you're dead is a bit much. She died before That Night.
We don't like Tony Abbott and Peter Costello.
To be fair to Veronica, I think she was genuinely looking out for Spencer's interests. It's frustrating for Spencer but the Hastings family did have a lot of problems with her pill addiction. Hell, Spencer might have hurt someone when she was high.
Marshall was the one who pressured her into Rome when she had misgivings. And after he persuaded her, took a job behind her back. I don't recall exactly why he worked at GNB but wasn't it because Barney pressured him by having him buy a super expensive suit? If you're referring to her debts, she supported him through law school and then owned up to her debts later buy selling her clothes. She was willing to divorce him so he could his dream home. Lily is my favourite character. I hated her stealing things but I feel that Ted blamed Lily for his and Robin's initial breakup.
I interpreted that scene as it being a psychological ploy to suss out Mona. He knew that she would correct him. 'Diagnosis' is a common word and you don't have to be a doctor to be able to spell it. Hell, if Wren was Charles, he would have become very familiar with that word.
There's not even that much downvoting in this sub. I've been on Reddit for a while and this is honestly one of the nicer ones with votes. I just don't like seeing threads calling out people on their not very believable theories. Let's not make fun of other people's theories even if they don't make sense. I hate seeing people make fun of the actor's looks like Tanner's hair, Sydney's lips, Toby's chin, etc.
I'm very sure that Wren can spell 'diagnosis'. It's a common word and you don't have to be a doctor to be able to spell it. I read that scene as him playing Mona who he knew would correct him and let her feel like she had the upper hand. Or simply, he misspelled it because he's human.
Then who do you think the body was? We hardly know anything about Bethany as it is. I doubt that they would introduce ANOTHER girl who was most likely there that night and wearing a yellow top.
But he was watching her scream and didn't do anything. It could have been an accident at the start but she was underwater screaming.
Common complaint on this sub is the revolving new characters.
He would have been old enough to understand when babies are in pain. And if a baby is crying, then they're obviously uncomfortable. So he was either being kind or cruel but either way, it's still disturbing behaviour. He had had violent tendencies before whether he meant them or not, though, this just happened to be the last straw. The di Laurentis parents aren't great but sending him to Radley would have been the last resort.
I get what you're saying. I do judge young Charles to be sociopathic but not mentally challenged, though. Not Rainman innocent but more a calculating person. I suppose because we see adult Charles as being so deliberate and meticulous.
The kids would have known but we're not the kids. The audience could have had theories about the name but nothing was confirmed till the finale.
I accidentally on purpose sent my ex's mother messages meant for him. I was devastated, angry, and begging him to call me. Didn't go down well and made me look like the crazy ex. But fuck him for dumping me over the phone after a four year relationship.
It would be such a cop out if Wren was A. He was introduced a British med student. Charles is a bit of a superhuman but having him fake a medical degree, get plastic surgery, wear contacts, fake an accent, fake a history, be adopted, secretly fly in from Britain regularly, is a bit of a stretch even for PLL. It seems unnecessary for him to do so and there have been no hints that he did that. For a disguise a beard would do, it would be easier for him to stay in Rosewood or a neighbouring town, he was at uni as that's where he met Melissa, saying that he was from a different state would have been fine. And he and Jessica had a scene together. A bit like the Charles transgender theories how people change Cece's gender to fit a theory.
God I hope not. I feel like Ali hiding a baby would be too dark even for PLL. Poor Ali was messed up as it is. I'm hoping Beach Hottie was Noel Kahn as it would be especially horrid if the 'father' was much older.
23 isn't old, don't worry about it. I got my first boyfriend when I wasn't much younger than you and I'm straight. And if you don't want a relationship, that's fine. Don't be embarrassed.
Dean was Spencer's sobriety coach. Egg is the guy who was living in the barn, who graffiti'd, stole the art, kissed Spencer, and got arrested by Toby. Annoying trouble maker.
My MacBook Air. It just works, amazing battery life, it's really lovely using it, and has better depreciation. I'm not computer savvy enough to be able to program and upgrade whatever so it suits my needs.
I use it every day so it's worth the price. I haven't seen many stylish, light, long battery life, sturdy laptops in that price range. MacBooks maintain their resale value better than other laptops.
Ina
Ooh, I want to do 7. But must limit funds as I spent a fair bit on this round of exchanges and I only did 3. Jewellery and nail polish are a definite. I'm a girly girl and I actually need the stuff. And jewellery might be small enough to ship in a small envelope.
I can't do a casual blazer. Looks great on other people but I still view blazers as being relatively formal. I can't do a blazer and jeans.
Zach is a nice guy but he's not the brightest bulb in the chandelier. Lane should be with someone more motivated and intelligent.
Oh god, I just read your story and like so many others, cried so much. Can you please share anymore photos of her? She's as beautiful as you described and you shouldn't sell yourself short.
Merci. Tres desole.
I want to be double teamed by Scott Eastwood and Max Irons. Their dads were hot in their prime but they are finer.
I often go on my soapbox as I'm passionate about certain topics. Probably more interesting for my friends to read rather talking about the weather, what people had for lunch, or shitty memes. Seeing somebody else's opinion on the same topic is interesting.
I take a lot of photos which can annoy my friends. I smile when I look at old pics and it's a good record for my friends and future family. You can't really regret taking a photo of a future happy family. It's a few seconds for a years of viewing pleasure.
Sci, that's terrible.
I'm a Melburnian and perma single so not going to try and get the ring. Mildly disappointed that Reddit used this story to advertise their site and then it got picked up by news sites before you had made your decision. You're going go get more people giving you a fake sob story or asking for money. Whilst the ring probably isn't cheap, the money isn't a big deal if it means transferring any negativity that might represent your engagement and giving joy to a happy young couple.
OP wants to give it to a happy couple. If they wanted to give it to the needy then they could have sold it and given away cash. There are 'deserving' people on Reddit. They probably give money to charity and nothing wrong with doing a good deed that doesn't involve charity.
Oh? Do you mean that he's gay or just that he's fine enough for men to admire?
Honey, it will be alright.
Please recommend me inexpensive dry cleaners that are in the city area. And does anyone here outsource their ironing? If so, what do you pay for it and can you recommend anywhere?
Thanks! I'll check them out. There isn't a chore I hate more than ironing.
I'm a girl and I wish I could control my emotions to not make myself cry. We cry from frustration more than sadness. I've only really known guys to cry from sadness rather than being overwhelmed by little things.
Lyam disease.
Out of all the weird and horrid names on here, this is the worst. I don't believe you or somebody is pulling your leg as there isn't a way that somebody would come up with that name. Horrible drug names you can sort of understand as the drug would have significance to the parent. It wouldn't be somebody with bad English as there isn't a word that comes close in their language.
I used to love the name Claudia because of Claudia Kishi. Got put off by it because of the meaning as well. The name Agnes has a nice meaning though I hate the sound.
Why is it controversial? I'm not a fan as I don't like surnames as first names and some would probably name him after Leonard Cohen.
They sound like characters in a children's book.
Ha, I couldn't help myself. The Tom Jones song is lovely.
The worst thing about Seattle is the weather? Sounds like a good place!
Which state do you live in? I love Australia, just hate how expensive housing is. None of that is great though it personally doesn't affect me. The politics isn't great but it's not as bad as everybody says. News Corp is awful and I get my news from SBS, ABC, and The Guardian. I've read better articles in the Daily Mail than I have on news.com.au I actually think that our mental health support is relatively decent, at least in my state. There is community counselling services and whatnot. Our welfare programs could be improved but we don't have as many poor people as say, America. Jobs are plentiful if you live in Sydney or Melbourne.
Art was okay but Paul was better. What did Art really do.
Beyond your price range (and mine) but I love (Stutterheim)[https://stutterheim.com/global/shop/raincoats] raincoats. But, ebay!
I honestly want a kitten. Can you please post a pic?
I can send you a cigarette butt pic.
But Australians don't refer to Aboriginals as 'blacks'. We use 'Aboriginal or Torres Straight Island background'.
Haha. Fair skinned people, that is.
He should have left her and gotten her help if she was serious about it. Breakups are a miserable experience and a lot of people think about suicide but it passes. He needs to take responsibility instead of being a coward and sneaking around behind her back. If she's got serious problems then this isn't helping.
Thanks, Redditing before bed can mean typos. Yea, 'blacks' is a racist term that wouldn't be on any official document.
Or something as simple as they had guests over and didn't want anyone to know that they were moving.
Poverty meant that she was unwanted and not found. They covered up the monster's crime most likely not out of love for him but fear of getting in authorities. Awful.
That guy is cute whoever he is.
You can see muscles. You can't really tell somebody's profession in an environment like a bar unless they're in their work gear.
What mystery? He just wants to live a private life.
Your comment sounds a bit offensive. Also it can be an issue for plus sized women to buy clothes. I'm not plus sized but back then plus sized clothes were either basics or garish floral prints.
I want a husband like yours.
Is 69 the 27 for film stars? I love him reading poetry.
Goddamn I hate when somebody brings up that accident. Hate her for any other reason if you must. It was a bloody accident and she didn't get away scot free.
RIP Alan Rickman.
Lily may have been his motivation but he was inherently 'good'. I thought that Lily was a bitch by dating her former friend's tormenter. She didn't bother with Snape after he clearly regretted calling her a Mudblood. And she never seemed to make poor Petunia feel less left out.
His homophobia has no relevance to why people hate him. It was a different era. This is ridiculous, it doesn't make him a dick. Hell, Elton John probably would have been homophobic back then. That's like saying Hitler was a dick because oh, he didn't like dogs.
I find this insulting to people who have experienced seeing their loved ones terminally ill. You cannot be a martyr and spend all available time in a hospital. You need a break and it's incredibly insulting to suggest otherwise. I think most people are passing judgement because of his coke use which isn't relevant.
I find it disappointing that you had to explain skiing whilst your wife was in hospital. A rational person would understand that would have been a tough time and you would need a break. Hope you're doing well now. It sounds like you're successful and like others, would love to hear more stories.
That reflects poorly on you, not Saudi Arabia. Can you not conduct yourself and not be drunk in public.
Cool, that doesn't make Saudi Arabia a bad country. And because of your experience which was mostly brought on by being drunk, you are dismissive of the country. Granted that it was unlucky that you stopped in a religious country but not many other countries would have taken well to you being 'irrational'.
I feel sorry for all of the guys named Ralph out there.
I hate people who lie about not having qualifications. Qualifications aren't easy to get as they are time consuming and expensive. It's insulting to people who do have them. Lie about tasks if you must.
Tbh, I wouldn't suggest that you apply for jobs until you're in the country. If you've never done a cover letter then I can assume that you don't have exceptional marketable skills and a strong work history. I'm guessing that you're going for entry level jobs and few people are going to go out of their way for that. Recruiters probably aren't going to consider your application as they would want you to be available now.
On the other hand, make an effort to look presentable. I think it's rude to go to a nice social gathering looking dirty.
Do you really think that it's okay? So there might not be any chance of relationship but you do the polite thing by finishing the date. She cleared her schedule and made an effort to come and see him. I've had bad dates where we had no spark and anything in common but I would never rudely finish it abruptly. Really, it's not like she behaved in an offensive manner to warrant his behaviour.
Whilst it's noble and whatnot to get a shelter pet, there isn't anything wrong with buying a pet from a responsible breeder. Vet the breeder to make sure that it's not puppy farm conditions. Shelters generally have older pets and those with health problems. With breeders you can choose specific breeds according to your lifestyle.
She specifically went out of her way to see him as she went to his house. They were about to go for dinner and then he told her to go home. What excuse could he make so he would not seem rude? Her food issues are childish but it wouldn't have killed him to get pizza with her. They got along otherwise apart from the food thing. Ending a date over something trivial is incredibly petty and childish. If somebody had cut a date halfway because they couldn't be bothered, I would be offended. I always finish a date out of respect and I'm not immature enough to write them off over the first trivial thing I don't like about them.
Fight or flight response.
To be fair, if you earn under a certain amount then you'd be eligible for certain government benefits.
The Templestowe Hotel's buffet is surprisingly decent for a buffet, though a bit out of the way. It's only about $30. China Bar Buffet in Burwood isn't bad either.
Quick Google search says that the second book is most likely 'Heroes' by Robert Cormier.
Queef of Farts!
I think that it's this as well. It's NOT 'The Secret History'. It's one of my favourite books.
Haha, you were such a cliche.
Good old hipster uni days. Friends and I would one up each other on how obscure how music was. I would listen to some boring music just because nobody had heard of it. A lot of the bands weren't popular because they were boring. Went through the Pink Floyd and The Beatles phase because I was too cool to like Katy Perry and Lady Gaga. I got into the indie scene and discovered Muse, Eskimo Joe, etc before my friends did though.
Influenced no doubt by The Craft and Charmed. Light as a feather, stiff as a board.
Ha, apart from the classic rock, it was pretty obscure. I was really into indie music. Muse and Eskimo Joe weren't mainstream when I liked them though.
You haven't said why you think that you're poison so no, I'm not going to believe that you are. You haven't said what's going wrong in your life. I think that you're just hurting and feeling guilty right now which is understandable but the pain will pass. A really poisonous person would have nobody miss them which isn't true for you as Bri would. If you feel like you've been poison all your life, what got you this far? It seems like you were able to form good relationships and whilst they might not have lasted, you were quite important to them. Just a few people should not determine your happiness and life. I'm not going anywhere. I may not care for you and be in your life but I'm a stranger and might be able to help you through.
&gt; i am. you wouldn't believe it even if i offered irrefuta le proof. it's okay. Try me and give me proof. No judgement here. It might be easy for you talking to a stranger like me. I'm not involved in your life so I can be objective. &gt; no, it won't. it's been years. most of my life, and i'm a grown adult. this isn't going to get better. it's only ever gotten worse over years What has gotten worse? Have you been abusing drugs? &gt; cowardice and ignorance Or perhaps you had a good social structure and were happy in your life. Maybe that's changed. Do you have any pets? Surely you have a hobby of sorts, maybe you like films and listening to music? &gt; many do. the end, An unfortunate fact of life is that sometimes you and people you were once close to no longer become friends. Some friends aren't good for you. You can form new relationships. If you don't want to seek counselling, try getting involved in social groups. Your local community should have classes and meet ups that you could be involved in. You posted on here so you must want to talk to somebody and those social groups would provide a lot of benefit.
It doesn't matter if you're unattractive to women right now. You're only 18 so plenty of time for you to get a girlfriend if you want. I don't believe that every single one of your friends is dating or getting married and even if they are, so what. Enjoy being single. I didn't get my first boyfriend until I was 21 and I was thin and cute. You are not defined by the relationships that you do not have so you need to tell your parents to stop pressuring you. Exercise and better eating will help you lose weight and has positive mental benefits. A job itself at 18 is quite good and very few 18 year olds have career type jobs. These part time jobs are not meant to be long term. You may have cheated but as long as you maintain your scholarship then it's fine. It's already been done so work hard and prove it. You have friends but to combat shyness, perhaps join your school's public speaking and debating clubs.
They Shoot Gilmores, Don't They is an excellent episode with plenty of conflict. It's a spoiler but there's a lot of physical attraction between Rory and Jess which Dean notices so Dean breaks up with her. Lorelei has a moment with Luke when she breaks her shoe. We meet the adorable Dave Rygalski. And the dance marathon itself is ridiculous with Taylor and Kirk being their truest selves.
You're Kimmy Schmidt's mum?
Seinfeld, obviously.
That cat is definitely the master. That piercing and confident stare.
&gt; No. &gt; no, no. What used to get you through the day? &gt; I think you completely misssed the point of everything i said. &gt; The problem is not "gee, in life sometimes you can't be friends with everyone." I am not an 18 year old college student down in the dumps. &gt; The problem is tht I am poison to everyone. When you said, "The actions and feelings of X should not determine your life." My response was "They don't. It isn't "a few" and its not "their actions." It's many, most, and it's my actions and my feelings. &gt; The end. You haven't said why you're poison or what you've done. I've made it clear that I'm not going to judge you and I'm willing to listen but you haven't told me much apart from repeating that you're 'poison'. I don't care if you've committed a serious crime, dealt drugs, spread rumours, stole, or cheated on someone. &gt; It's not, "an unfortunate fact of life, gee whiz kiddo, you jsut gotta learn to get back out there, sometimes you are no longer friends but don't sweat it son, you'll pick it up in no time." &gt; This is what I am. i am poison to everyone and everything. There is nothing in my life that would lead me to believe otherwise, and there never has been. This is not "gee it's unfortunate but sometimes friendships just end." I am poisonous toe veryone I am around. &gt; the end. Maybe I could help you find something for you to believe otherwise. &gt; i give up. you don't understand. i dont think it's possible for you to. that's okay. it's my fault. I can't understand if you're not talking to me. Help me understand. I'm talking to you right now and I've got a lot of time on my hands. &gt; No, I can't. Even if I could, it wouldn't fix anything. I would ust poison a whoel new set of people. I refuse to do that. That's one reason why the gun is my only option. You underestimate people. You might be 'poison' but some people like that. Some people can help you remove the poison. Live for yourself but don't do this because you're afraid of hurting future people you haven't even met yet. &gt; (1) It doesn't. I live far from aynthing like that, but (2) even if it did, I wouldn't go. I am pioson to everyone i meet, remember? I would jsut poison a whoel new group of people. Killing myself is the only way to prevent that. What makes you think that removing yourself from this world won't be more poisonous? I'm talking to you right now and despite you keep repeating that you're poisonous, I don't feel that you are. And if you have that affect on me then it might be the same for others. &gt; No, they won't. They never have. I wanted to talk to someone, maybe, but only so i didn't feel alone as i'm putting the gu to my head. As I mentioned, you underestimate people. You're not alone. I'm taking my time to talk to you and you may not think so, but others would to. &gt; Forget it. I can't explain it to you in a way you would understand, and you don't care about listening to it. &gt; i'm sorry. goodbye I'm trying, I really am. Help me understand. Explain it to me.
Possible though as you have experience though yea, you're crazy. Depending on how hard you work and if things don't go majorly wrong with the flooring like asbestos and termites, you should be okay. Is it only the wet areas that have lino? Kitchen appliance installations shouldn't take that long if you have a professional doing it so only a few hours on the same day. You need to take into account things like rubbish removal and need a backup plan should anything go wrong with the tiling. It will be so good coming home to a nicely done house after the honeymoon.
Is your kid Asian? You're white?
It has! 80s and 90s nights are popular at bars and weddings. Spice Girls and BSB 4 lyf. People love nostalgic songs and I may not know much about the Top 40 but we can know the lyrics to retro pop.
And so very straight
You've had over thirty interviews and haven't found anything? I'd say it's more how you present yourself.
I'm very much into the arts and have been to many, many of these sort of shows. Most people dress up though it's a very accessible show unlike say, the ballet or opera. This show would be quite family friendly so you would get all types. Jeans aren't common at musicals but nobody is going to look askance at you. I always wear a dress, skirt, or tailored trousers and heels. Part of fun of going to the theatre is dressing up though. I'm going to Matilda though Singin' in the Rain is one of my favourite films.
It's me, back again and taking to you. You're afraid of dying so it must mean that you want to stay for whatever reason. Talking about whatever brought you here can be cathartic. Who knows, I might help with you alternative options and ways to repair any broken relationships. I can maybe help make your time easier. I can't call the police on you. I don't have any of your details. You haven't given much away in your other posts so you don't have much to lose by telling me. Other people have offered to talk to you as well.
Why do you feel like you've been rejected by your peers? What's your situation? Perhaps you might meet new people at school groups and community groups. Maybe look at volunteering as you sound like a compassionate person. School can be tough but just know that each of your classmates don't have it easy socially as well.
Why can't you leave your town? Why do you feel like nobody likes you? It sounds like you've got friends and SO and have you made the effort to see them? Why do you feel disgusting, is it the depression? You are not a POS in fact you sound quite caring. Everybody has their own struggles and yours are no worse than other people's.
Yea, Peer Gynt and Ode to Joy were my introductions to classical music in primary school. It was certainly pleasant but I didn't have a strong interest in it. Classical music was background music for a long time for me. As a uni student, I couldn't afford to go to the ballet or musicals so I would Youtube it. I rediscovered Tchaikovsky and other composers and then went to the occasional free classical concert. My first 'real' concert when I started working was a Joshua Bell one and then I became obsessed.
I hope that you're not suicidal yourself and are giving away your possessions. It's sweet you but just be careful that you don't get involved in their life after you send the dvds.
Why do you want to kill yourself? I looked through your history and there is nothing wrong with being a virgin at 30. Plenty of people go through lives without partners and the older you are, the more likely you are to be committed o relationships. Do not put unnecessary pressure on yourself to have sex or be in a relationship. I didn't really know what I wanted to do with my life until I was in my late 20s.
Less experiences than you might think. Everybody is struggling with their own relationships. Do not compare yourself to them. You're in your 30s now so leave behind any mistakes you might have made in your 20s. With age comes wisdom so you can change your circumstances.
You've done the best that you can do and you did well. Even if she doesn't make it, you helped. If it weren't for you, she would never had had the chance to get any help. You're understandably shaken up but try to get some rest and follow up later. Talk to somebody at the hospital about how you're feeling.
You need to rethink your attitude towards dating. Not every girl you meet is going to be the person you end up with. You come on too strong and you should not expect somebody to potentially love you after the first date. Getting a girlfriend should not be your motivation. There's nothing wrong with being a virgin at 25 and still plenty of time for you to find a girlfriend.
Why do you have to forcibly use it? Anybody who calls you out for using British English is a twat.
Irregardless is a word though non standard. It's used in speech and writing.
I just googled 'conversate' as I hadn't heard it before and as it's quite a new term so I wouldn't use it. However 'irregardless' has been around for a while and it was in the dictionary in the early 1900s. 'Irregardless' isn't even flagged as a spelling error.
That's a relatively popular funeral song. Most of the people who request it they think they're being ironic.
He edited his post as the original comment was rather confusing. I wasn't sure if the kid was Asian or white.
A traffic jam when you're already late.
Odd thing to wait for but if it works for you... Anything could happen in two years and who knows, you could be happily married then. I'm bound to enter my 30s being single which I'm fine with. Being in a relationship is something that I will look at after I achieve some other goals. Age is a blessing. Being older can mean that you can leave behind the baggage of your 20s. Romantic relationships do not define me and they shouldn't you.
Perhaps in the future you could move to a different country. What country are you in? Are you able to get a job? A lot of teenagers suffer from acne vulgaris and plenty of adults too. Your classmates aren't going to care what you look like. Plenty of 19 year olds haven't been kissed yet so don't put pressure on yourself.
I thought you meant that he had a big motorbike.
Of course, these compositions are popular for a reason. I like them myself though I haven't sought out Vivaldi or Pachebel's other works. But a lot of people can't name more than a few pieces and the ones that they do, they only recognise them from weddings and films.
Having somebody else do household chores and pay the bills whilst you find ways to amuse yourself and pass the time.
And religion is somehow to be blamed for all mankind's problems. I live in Aus so a lot of is around how stupid Americans are for not having more stringent gun control policies because of so massacres and accidental shootings.
Yea, most of us started off with the well known classics and probably cut our teeth on works like The Four Seasons. My introduction was Peer Gynt and the William Tell Overture. The average Joe is not likely to know classical music beyond the The Four Seasons. It is 'junk' in a way as you don't need input much effort into liking it. When you listen to a song on the radio, you generally take it at face value. It sounds pretty or catchy. Classical music is often considered 'boring'. There's often a divide as some consider mainstream pop to be 'shallow' and classical 'stuffy'. The way that you behave at the different concerts is going to be different. Then you get people like me who have a strong appreciation of classical music but don't understand the technical terms in detail. I have decent taste and whilst there's conductors and musicians that I like, can't tell the finer differences. I can recognise quite a lot of works. I can hold my own in a discussion about classical music. I like to share my knowledge with others and educate myself. Then you get those who are most likely musicians and have a more thorough understanding of music. They can nitpick terms and precious and certain symphonies and composers. They can believe that they are somehow more superior as they have this great understanding. It's insufferable when they look down on some sorts of music and dismiss genres. Of course all are like that but the stereotype is there. Have you experienced any of this?
Friend of mine had a phone interview for a senior BA role yesterday. They were looking at paying 55-60k as a package. Now it could be that they were fobbing him off but really?
I don't recommend tribute cover shows unless they're a performed by professional cover band. The local celebrity performer is often terrible. The Beatles and Crowded House ones I went to were godawful and I've heard better covers at a bar. Friends have been to other Pink Floyd and Tim and Jeff Buckley concerts and had the same experience. I've been to a BeeGees one which had professional BeeGees performers and they were fantastic and sounded like the originals.
He sent me the job specs and it was a senior role with a lot of project management. They wanted specialised skills and experience. 55-60k package is pathetic at that level. Most roles of that calibre would be paying at least 100k.
No, it was definitely full-time but most people say pro rata rates when talking about part time salary.
Okay I'm too tired and misread it at 20s. Sigh.
It shows that you're out of touch with pop culture and don't pay attention to the news. The Kardashians are quite ubiquitous.
Far Queue would also be a good title.
Lol, Citizen Kane just 'okay'.
I thought that Chamber of Secrets was the worst of the lot. Not bad by any means just not as good as the others.
I understand that not all video game talk is like that but it is an issue in the industry and though I don't have kids, a parent would understandably be concerned by it. A lot of games can be quite violent, particularly shooter ones. Unfortunately CoD and WoW do have a lot of trash talk and they're quite popular. There's the social aspect of it and whatnot although internet stranger danger can be a problem. I didn't say that video games were a waste of time but tried to explain why books don't have that reputation. Video games are primarily entertainment whereas a lot of books aren't. Books generally have intellectual merit although you won't improve your mind with a diet of 50 Shades of Grey type books.
The blue tail fly.
Sapa Hills, Hawthorn. Standard Vietnamese fare which isn't mind blowing but it's clean, waiters speak English, and wear a uniform. I ordered the broken rice dish there myself.
I've owned Target suits and shirts but whilst they are serviceable, the more expensive versions are so much more flattering. Hit and miss for me. They don't last or feel or look as good as the Country Road ones. Portman's suit quality isn't much better than Target's though their tops aren't bad. Zara is good as a budget option.
God I hate these vague questions. I like helping tourists and expats when it shows that they've done their own independent research. Tell us your interests, where you'll be living, if you'll have access to a car, your budget, etc.
Harry Potter is a kid's book that adults also enjoy. I don't have a problem with violence and torture in a kid's book so long as it's not gratuitous. I was a prolific reader and stories like those from The Grimm Brothers had murder and torture galore yet are for children. Characters can 'deserve' to be killed and tortured and the innocents are collateral damage. But rape is immoral and inexcusable. And it leads to confusion about sexuality if it's casually excused. And really unnecessary in a children's book. I really hope that Umbridge wasn't raped. You see people taking satisfaction in her 'punishment'.
You aren't going to get lost on a bus. Shopping centres are main stops and our bus drivers are friendly so ask them to tell you when the stop is. Make two trips if you have to. You can print at uni so I don't think you'll need copy paper.
Oh god that's terrifying. Tragically, April [died of a drug overdose](http://www.realcrimes.com/Miller/April_Miller.htm)
If you'll be at Clayton Monash then I recommend that you stay in Clayton for the first 4-5 days. The commute is manageable though if you're unfamiliar with Melbourne it won't be that easy. It will be winter here in Melbourne and it will get dark early so I doubt you'll do anything touristy in the evenings.
The note made it clear that it was Lorelei's decision to leave and it didn't seem to be coerced. As they were satisfied that she wasn't in any real danger, involving the police would be embarrassing and unnecessary.
When Richard suffers from his first heart attack. He is trying to talk to her about his will but she is fussing over his pillows. This exchange happens: 'Richard Gilmore, there will be many things happening in this hospital but your dying is not one of them. I did not sign on to your dying, and it is not going to happen. Not tonight, not for a very long time. In fact, I demand to go first. Do I make myself clear?' And he replies 'Yes, Emily. You may go first'. I always cry at that scene. So much love and tenderness between them. It's not cheery but it's so beautiful.
Whilst is sounds good, would your guests like veal or curry? I know most of my friends won't eat because they feel that it's unethical. Fish, pork, or steak might be a more popular option. The chickpea curry sounds good though a tad heavy.
Even if you get sufficient information, I still think that you should change it. People are still going to query your choice at the wedding as I doubt you're going to have the ethical information on the menu. I thought that the curry didn't quite flow with the rest of the menu but it should be fine.
Murray from The Wiggles was clean shaven though rocked the turtleneck.
You and your brother are ridic attractive and your mum's dress is gorgeous. That song was so sweet.
Even if there was, it wouldn't make a real difference. The most normal person can suddenly flip.
I didn't know who she was either. At least she died doing what she loved, if that's any comfort. She seemed like a sweet young lady. So awful for everyone involved. Hope her family will be okay.
Of course there should be background checks but having people pass these checks isn't going to solve that many problems. Also, it's not like people are going to meet with a psychologist first. It would only a basic check. A lot of people who kill don't have diagnosable mental illnesses but drugs and extreme stress can lead to rampages.
Deadpool was so overrated imo. Some of the jokes made me smile but none were roll on the floor funny.
And Alfred Hitchcock.
Belle ftw. Her own journey is about being noble and self sacrificing. She wanted to save her father and in a way, ended up helping her town. She's intelligent and a bit of a feminist. She deviates from the norm and stands up to bullies. She had to develop a thick skin from being the daughter of the town weirdo. She saved an entire castle from servitude. She's feisty and liked for her kindness as much as for her looks. She didn't set out to find a man and just happened to be rewarded with one. She turned down the most eligible bachelor in town.
Granted I don't know about the standard pay but isn't it rather low? You could make more working in a call centre.
They were bound to the castle under the enchantment it seems but anyway, a teapot wouldn't be able to get a job elsewhere.
I've been reading articles about the shooting all morning but this is the comment that made me cry. There can be such horror in this world but we share the same pain. If we unite in times of darkness it will make it a bit better.
Can you literally pay with a paper cheque at supermarkets in America? Don't your bank cards have cheque options?
You know that condoms are more effective?
I love rain wedding photos. Lovely.
Cold chicken, prawns, crudités, wraps, pies, etc. And Pimms!
Makes me cry buckets every time I watch it.
Sabrina and Roman Holiday.
Thin girls get a lot of scrutiny for their size actually as people notice weight gain more. I put on a few kgs during uni and ended up being 54kg (119lbs) which at 5'7'' was still thin. I constantly got reminded how slim I was and how much better I looked. I developed depression because people would tell me how 'big' I had gotten and that I should diet and exercise to go back to being model skinny. I was surrounded by people criticising my weight and I genuinely felt fat. Some girls say that they're fat for attention but having experienced people's reaction to my weight gain, I understand it a bit better. Edit: Thanks for the support. Bless my Italian ex whose family kept trying to feed me more. I'm 56kgs (123lbs) now which is the heaviest that I've ever been and feel good. Oddly, I used to get told to lose weight by people who weren't at all thin.
Thanks. It took an Italian boyfriend whose family told me I was too skinny and served huge meals to make me feel good. I have more normal weight goals with the odd wanting to lose a kg.
Christ. Talk about victim blaming.
My body type is naturally thin and I don't eat exceptionally well or exercise a great deal. My weight is quite constant so the fluctuations are within two kgs depending on execptional periods like bad eating to cope through a breakup or eating less during summer. I do try to maintain my weight as my size is what I'm used to.
Quite sure he will given that Jack Soloff is still around.
Thanks, I was just after that one story which I've found on his website. That's one brain itch that I can scratch. My offer of gold/PayPal cash for you still stands.
We don't know what Daniel has over him. They wouldn't leave that storyline unresolved.
I'll give the next homeless person I see $4 on your behalf.
I didn't ship them but Jo March is an idiot for turning down Laurie. I would have preferred Jo to end up with a woman though.
She turned down the hot and wealthy Laurie for a poor old German man! I didn't like Laurie with Amy either and preferred her with Fred Vaugn.
It isn't that though thank you. The books were standard size and not for children. I did read Gods, Men &amp; Monsters from the Greek Myths as a kid so it was nice to see that again.
I don't know much about the lesbian community but the few couples I've met have all been femme and butch couples. Is that common?
I wouldn't like it. I'm over the burger craze and these places don't seem to be any different from what we have now. The prices would be probably be unfeasible high. I don't think that those chains are iconic enough for Australians to know what they are. Krispy Kreme, Baskin Robbins, etc failed.
What a question, how could it possibly be partial rape? A 14 year old cannot legally consent to having sex with a 34 year old.
FFS. I hate how prison rape is so casually mentioned and seen as just 'punishment'. It isn't 'good'.
Yea but why you want further details about it anyway.
And jailhouse beatdowns wouldn't any 'good' either. The legal punishment should be enough. Yes I automatically assumed you were talking about rape based on what you wrote which isn't a stretch at all. I'd be surprised if you really meant a beating.
She lead Dean and Jess on though. She's not good with giving straight answers.
Mr Hall from Clueless!
I haven't read it but I think that it's also because Truman Capote couldn't help her with it.
[Breadtop](http://www.breadtop.com.au/store/vic/catalogue.html) is actually not bad. If you order it online then you can get it personalised. I had to get a chocolate one at the last minute so didn't get it personalised but they gave me free candles and little happy birthday sign. Or check out [Michels](https://www.michels.com.au/celebration-cakes.html).
$150????? I love the dress. Get it taken in, get some chicken fillets, change the belt to something more white or silver and you'll be set.
There was once a Prime Minister named Tony Abbott Who was a douchey jackrabbit He's a right cunt Our wrath he bored the brunt And we make fun of him out of habit.
So excited about the news that it's coming to Aus.
It's not the actual procedure that makes me dread the dentist but rather the prohibitive cost.
Not overall, no. You might get the occasional comment as you would anywhere else but I wouldn't consider Melbourne to be racist. The average professional isn't likely to be racist though the odd bogan (chav equivalent) might. However, with the terrorism issue, people can be fairly racist towards Muslim people though you only hear about isolated incidents where they've actually been accosted in the streets.
The closest thing I could find on Google was 'Fearless' by Francine Pascal. Blonde heroine and her father is a CIA agent who has a twin brothers.
I was going to post this. I'm glad. There is no evidence that he was ever murdered. It was an unfortunate accident as he reached in the mat to get his shoes and couldn't get out.
There isn't any missing camera footage. There are motion sensor cameras and some people were walking out of the range of the cameras.
Yea, it's very sad that the family were blaming other kids for a mere accident. It turned into an unnecessary race and privilege issue as well with blame being on the well connected white boys.
What's the etiquette for going to a private funeral? Do you need to be invited by the family?
We were though I doubt the family would know much about me. He was very fond of me and I of him though we didn't know each other for long. It's also rather delicate because one of his daughters is a minor celebrity and I don't want to seem like an opportunist. Thanks for your reply.
Thank you. I genuinely know that he would have wanted me there but I've never met the family. He was this darling elderly man and I'll miss our talks. The family don't want flowers. I had bought him some presents that I was going to drop off next week to him, sigh. I'll just visit his grave when the funeral is over.
How on earth did you know?
I suppose it's a good thing as he doesn't have to be a deadbeat father.
Ah, the 90s floppy blond.
Yea but would you want to eat around a dead mouse?
My introduction to Jeffrey Eugenides was The Virgin Suicides which is one of my favourite books. Middlesex is amazing though a long read. I was so disappointed with The Marriage Plot and couldn't get passed the first ten pages.
I love Harry Potter and have discussed it passionately but it's hardly the best books ever unless you haven't read many good books. The prose is basic and awkwardly written in places. Some of the characters' motivations are obvious and some themes are frustratingly simple with good vs bad.
I read A Dangerous Fortune by Ken Follett and it was terrible. He had researched the era well and the plot was interesting enough but the writing was so awful. Most characters were flat and cliche.
Jackdaws not crows.
I thought that The Marriage Plot was pretentious with priviledged characters that I couldn't care about. I like pretentiousness but there were so many literary references that it felt like the author was saying 'look at me, I'm smart'. And it was overall boring. It got relatively okay reviews though so you might like it.
Good on you. What's a catalogue class?
What was it like in Boulder when she died? Who do the Boulder residents suspect?
I laughed hysterically when he offered Santiago a nutrition brick.
Had dinner at friend's house with their friends. Six of them, all middle class and live in nice areas with very good jobs. Mid 30s, early 40s. Which party do you think that they voted for?
Holmes?
I'd be more frustrated about travelling to a remote area than a cash bar though I wouldn't like either. Assuming your friends don't like in the remote area, getting to the venue would be a hassle and then having to pay for drinks would add to the frustration. Beer, wine, and soft drinks are always provided at weddings where I live. Can't you skip the chapagne toast?
You know him? Poor guy. How long has he been like that?
That was always your occupation. You just didn't know it.
You were the runt of the litter, weren't you? Your eyes look like you're jaundiced. Is your mouth always pursed like an old lady? Your head is too big for its body.
He proposed a month later? Any reason for the fast proposal? How did you know he was 'the one'?
A friend died recently and they were in their eighties. Them not being around is just so daunting as they were alive just a week ago and now they're not. It's so final that it's not real.
I just go to opshops. Are you interested in particular books?
I second Polyvore. I also like using the Netaporter app. Polyvore has budget options as well as designer stuff and you can get notifications for sales. There's some good clothing sets that I've been inspired by.
I used to collect fine pens and other quality stationery items in my early twenties. Most were vintage bought from thrift shops and whatnot. I spent hours on stationery forums discussing the merits of different papers, journals, pens, etc. I can still appreciate a good pen but I just use Uni-balls.
50 books for 2 months wasn't unusual of for me. My main hobby was reading and I spent school holidays at libraries. I read everywhere, whilst eating, on trains, etc. Of course this does include children's chapter books.
I had a few Cross, Faber Castell, and Parker pens. Oh I was such a dork.
I like the bold lipstick choice. Very cool.
God how beautiful. Pretty wife. Congratulations.
Oh lovely. Looks like an editorial.
We call it 'the snow' as it's a fair drive for us to get to. It's also rather expensive and apparently crowded on mountains. I've never even seen snow.
They're American names. I haven't met a Chad before and very few Brads.
Innernet.
Phuck.
Looks like scones with béchamel sauce
I liked the plot but hated his style of writing. The prose isn't much better than Dan Brown's. Also thought that the mysteries were predictable and I figured them out early.
Why is there a long line near Tiffany and Co on Collins St?
I love heirloom dresses. Will you be wearing it throughout the whole wedding?
Oh, I've never heard of either. Thanks.
Classical music. The pieces can be beautiful and soothing. Try /r/classicalmusic/ for recommendations!
A lot of people think that it's boring and elitist. I didn't really appreciate classical music until I was at uni
You can appreciate both. I like classical music and have seen a few classical concerts but I like pop music as well. I listen to Bieber on occasion.
Why not? He and his wife aren't having reaching a good conclusion and he might not want to discuss marital fights with friends. The people on the Internet are supposedly more objective and can give him a different perspective.
Yea, they've lived with the nanny for a year and he never cheated. And we all make comments about attractive people when we're with friends.
How long have you been looking? Is your resume any good? What jobs are you looking for? Err, I went through your comment history and I'm not surprised that you can't find a job. You don't really come across as being likeable.
I prefer Option B but left as it is. The black would go with your autumn colours.
Shubert's [Fantasia in C](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1RAQc2b5zTY) For good reason as I saw Midori perform it in concert recently.
What about Elisa Lam's death is mysterious...?
Really hope that you get to see the fireworks. Let us know if you did.
This is oddly charming. Good for them.
The McCanns were in the medical field but even if they weren't, they could explain away a sedative overdose. Giving a child a sedative isn't illegal and they would have gotten sympathy and would be better than the terrible press that happened. The McCanns wouldn't have had time to dispose of a body and wouldn't be familiar with burial grounds or trust a local enough to pay them to bury her. And parents would want to give their child a proper burial with their favourite toy. I believe that a stranger took Madeleine.
Getting a 100k deposit isn't easy but not prohibitively difficult for the average person provided you don't have kids or health issues. It should only take a few years with two incomes.
Urgh, you should never text and drive.
Only because you don't feel comfortable doing so on a smartphone. If you could then you probably would.
I know that you think that texting whilst driving is okay if you're comfortable with the phone. You tried to text whilst driving with a smart phone and didn't like reading messages..
'Lunch' mob, lol. You're a gas. The coin operated toilet is one of the funniest things I've read on this sub including the AMA's about going to the beach and having a Gaytime and how the burqas are better at Hungry Jacks.
Tbh, I'm more displeased that April's uncle went behind Anna's back. I don't agree with Anna keeping the paternity a secret but it was her prerogative.
I read on a websleuths forum that he didn't remember the night. It's possible that he didn't even remember what happened when he was questioned. His parents protected him by keeping him away from those questioning him as much they could. A lot of kids grow out of their immature violence. I don't believe that he meant to kill her. I think that the ligature was meant to be a leash to drag her. It's just so sad for everyone involved. The parents who misguidedly tried to keep him from being locked up as they didn't want to lose their other child.
I agree with everything you said. Lorelai was inexcusably terrible in that scene. And this is going to be more 'Lorelai bashing' but I really dislike how Lorelai was pushing Emily about the large portrait of Richard. It's Emily's house and money and if she wanted an oversize portrait of her dead husband then that's her business. And Lorelai and Rory were so childish with their comments about the food at dinner.
You still have to read the messages and you have only one hand on the wheel. I don't look at my phone when I'm driving and if I need to reroute or send a message then I pull over. Bluetooth is a great invention. Yes I would condemn someone having a conversation on their phone if they're holding it.
Yes, people shouldn't give you flack and budget shame. Nothing wrong with buying luxury items if you can afford it. That kind of thing is something you can pass onto your kids.
Satin. So much satin. And lace appliqués. I occasionally look at wedding dresses in hopes of finding a lace one that can be altered.
Have you spoken to your parents about your experiences on the film? Have you had contact with people on the film since?
So you haven't run into the actor who played the priest? What would you do if you saw him again?
Salt and pepper tofu is delicious. The tofu itself looks fine but shouldn't be paired with the chips. I eat meat and sometimes prefer the salt and pepper tofu when I'm eating out. I don't see an issue with trying to using meat substitutes. Many vegetarians and vegans didn't give up meat because they didn't like the taste. They shouldn't have to limit themselves to traditionally vegetarian and vegan recipes if there are decent substitutes.
It doesn't say that it was meant to be like fish and chips. He hasn't put anything in it to make it taste fishy at all. I've had mock meat dishes where I honestly thought that it was the real thing.
Oh do shut up.
Yay for the Dewey decimal system.
Which we threw at each other!
I honestly didn't see that he was hopeful about a future with Rory apart from a long term affair. He didn't even plan to stay in Stars Hollow for more than a night. He didn't try to stop her when she said she didn't want the house. They're not great communicators and it wouldn't have lasted.
You dress older than you are and I had to check your age again. I think you can work with tops 1 and 5, blouse 15, blazer 2, work dress 3, and work dresses 6 and 7. I like the top of date dress 3 but dislike the skirt. Your dresses are a tad too short and shapeless and you suit more fitted clothes. Try straight cut pants and satin tops and silks. I think that you should try more prints and bright colours. You could jazz up your plain top with accessories.
I really like your style and you're quite polished. I'm rather lazy and throw on whatever is handy. I don't really like what you've done with the black dresses as I don't think that accessories you pair them with are complementary. I think the Zara dress makes you look older than you probably are though I can't tell your age. Not big on the denim shirt as a cardigan either. You might like a lot of what young Ali McGraw and Francoise Hardy wore.
Try a scarf. It's versatile and will go with multiple tops. Also satin and silk isn't fitted but you could try and play with different materials.
Folie a deux. It's too gruesome.
Rory needs somebody to give her direction and 'discipline' though which is one reason why she bombed with a freelance career. She went to the Sandy Says interview because Lorelai told her to and she wrote the book because Jess suggested it. One of the things about being in a relationship is to tell the other person you don't agree with their decisions. Supporting your partner doesn't just mean letting them do their own thing. He didn't have to force her but he didn't try to talk to her about it. He didn't talk to her about Odette moving in and he brought her to his family's restaurant without her knowledge. He wasn't her boyfriend in the revival.
If they can't talk about big decisions that affect their relationship like Odette, Paul, his family, and her career then what could they talk about. She was just terrible in the Sandy Says interview but at least she went and she failed because she was horribly unprepared. You have to be able to think on you're feet when you're a journalist and she doesn't do well with things that don't go according to plan. Logan could have said that he would give up Odette and be with Rory and she could have made her own decision. All he offered was a house where she could continue to be his mistress. I didn't see anything in the revival that showed that he wanted her to be more than a mistress. They're in their 30s and should be beyond just hinting. People didn't really pressure Rory in the revival and she floundered. She got purpose because it was supplied to her and when she was in her comfort zone in Stars Hollow then she felt like she could manage by herself.
I don't see anything wrong with participation trophies for kids and adults. You know that you're not better than the winners but you pushed yourself to complete it and should be proud.
How did the blond Adonis take it? Do you talk to him?
The majority of people actually participate though so you would be an outlier. I was a skinny kid who was terrible at sports and came last but I tried and completed some games more than some of the better kids.
I only got a trophy once and this was a perpetual club trophy that all the senior girls had received. Yea, it was ribbons, certificates, and medals. It may have been memorabilia but it had meaning if you did it the right way. Most kids aren't playing for a trophy. I knew that I wasn't ever going to be a winner but I still pushed myself to finish a task. I don't see how a small incentive was somehow detrimental for us Millennials.
Psychologists.
Oh god, they're Amelia Bedelias.
Lol, you had to think about that?
No budget shaming, please. Everybody has different income levels. And just because somebody has expensive things does not mean that they don't do good in their life. You're projecting onto OP.
I really like [Smythson](http://www.smythson.com/us/women.html?cat=604&amp;dir=desc&amp;order=pricewhich) is this lovely English brand known for their stationery mainly. I don't own any but I've held the bags in real life. You can get them at Nordstrom. [Fontana Milano](http://www.barneys.com/designer/fontana-milano-1915/women/N-1dd9tfrZ1mipr5a) is what the Vogue girls like but I haven't seen them in real life.
Why should you care if people are on minimum wage or homeless when you buy things? It's your money and the world isn't fair. You shouldn't not not buy something because a stranger can't afford it. It would be tacky if OP worked at a homeless shelter but they most likely have a good job. They might be at an age and position in life where the mortgage is mostly paid off or what have you. You have no idea what OP does with the rest of his money or his financial situation or if he gives money to charity. All you know is that he can afford to buy nice bags. I'm not a position to buy designer goods but I like lovely bags as much as the next girl. I'm excited about helping OP who sweetly wants to make his wife happy. When I was eating 2 minute noodles because that was all I could afford, I didn't care that somebody was buying designer goods. Your budget shaming is so rude. Would you like it if somebody tried to get you to feel guilty about spending say, $100 on a bag?
Okay.
So? If you're offended that somebody thinks that you're dangerous then you can assuage their fear. It takes a really pathetic person to mess with a lone woman in the middle of the night in a rural gas station. Sounds like you're more afraid of being a pushover than anything. Poor woman.
Where can I get cheap passport photos in the city? Is Officeworks my best bet?
Thought he had antlers for a sec. Great kitty.
Burke could still have been sent to juvenile detention or a mental hospital. Patsy had cancer and would have wanted to keep the family together.
I love Pleasantville and it's such an underrated film. The first rose to become red is just magical. 'No dinner'.
Last Year at Marienbad. Beauty in black and white.
Edgar Allen Pussies.
They had excellent lawyers to advise them. Burke would still most likely have been sent to juvenile detention or a mental institution.
I hope you're not implying that it's 'cunty' to have preferences. The 'superficial stuff' is important as you can't help who you're attracted to.
He did grow up...which is why I like him. I respect him for improving himself and making his own way despite the odds being stacked against him. He worked hard and wrote a book. People may contest that writing a book isn't that big a deal but we see Rory with her Yale degree and contacts barely able to start one.
It makes me sick just reading about it. Hope you'll be okay soon.
God, he looks like a cliche douchebag. Everything he's posted is punchable.
Chips and Dip to rhyme.
Do I need to be? Even the mother said it was a risk taking the baby.
The Age mentioned that the scumbag was the father of multiple children. Those poor children...
I thought she had learnt her lesson after being hurt when Logan 'cheated' on her with the bridesmaids. She made Logan be in a monogamous relationship with her. So disappointed with her cheating in the Revival.
Rory worked hard in high school and we saw her study a lot with piles of books. She even blew off dates with Dean to study. She did relatively well at Yale and dropped out for personal reasons. She only dropped one class so her grades wouldn't be affected. I don't consider Rory or Paris to be 'smarter' than the other. Paris is just more competitive.
For what it's worth, he was the father of three with a pregnant girlfriend. If it was a carjacking then they might have thought that he should spend time with his family first.
Con: I get hit on more by men old enough to be my father than guys my age.
Hawaiian pizza is one of the most popular pizzas in Australia and New Zealand. Millions of Aussies and Kiwis are not wrong.
Oh please. Way to shit on a lovely tradition. I would break up with my partner if they didn't get me a ring. I don't need anything expensive but I expect my partner to do something nice for me and not dismiss me as 'materialistic' for wanting one. We wouldn't be compatible if he expects me to 'suck it up' because he's a douche about something as simple as a ring.
Celebrating birthdays and getting married are traditional, you know.
I find your whole post to be insufferable. See, it's not just about one 'waste of money' ring but you consider most traditions to be a waste of money. I consider marriage to be more than tax credits. Good for you that you found a wife who thinks like you but I want a partner who respects me and my belief in traditions. And no, I don't blindly follow traditions. You're so dismissive of everyone with a nice ring and sweet traditions. Why did you even bother getting her a cheap ring.
Uhhhh, what??? You inferred all that because I said I liked traditions? Not that I need to explain myself to you but I lived in terrible sharehouses and could barely afford two minute noodles. I walked twenty minutes to another store to literally save 30c but even in those days I would have been happy for those who spent big. I do pretty well now but I worked my way up. Who said anything about spending big on 'pointless shiny rocks'? I said I didn't want anything expensive. Plenty of friends have cheap rings. $50 is fine if she's okay with it but why did you even bother getting her a ring?
Why did you bother even getting a ring? $50 is cheap for a ring and I'm not budget shaming you geez. I don't care about the price, if it works for you then it works for you. I care about a ring itself because of tradition. You could have gotten her a watch or flowers to celebrate your engagement but you chose a ring. I see a ring as a memento as well but yes I do expect one because I value traditions. Engagement rings are about gestures, emotional attachments, etc no matter the price. Sounds like this ring is more than 'pointless traditions'. And omg, not that this is related to the rings but you can't just make deals with people to get food. Wanting my future finance to buy me an engagement ring makes me a shallow and materialistic consumerist?
Fuck's sake. You've ignored everything I've said and dismissed me as being materialistic and financially irresponsible. And very, VERY few gifts should be seen as an 'investment' to be resold. No I don't understand you and I'm glad I don't.
Wow, Modolva. The only other thing I know about the country is that members of O-zone are from there.
I think what you call egg rolls we Aussies call spring rolls. What you call spring rolls is what we call rice paper rolls.
I try to avoid Murdoch news and the Herald Sun, the Daily Telegraph, Courier Mail, and news.com.au are the worst of a bad lot.
What do you mean by shallow women who seek your validation?
Why does it have to be expensive? Get her the best ring you can afford.
I'm Aussie and haven't had sweet potatoes that weren't savoury before. They're a side dish like carrots and beans. You can get sweet potato chips. Why are you cooking them with sugar?
Sweet potatoes are sweet and tasty enough without any extra sugar.
There's always petty people but the majority of people won't care. And the opinions of a couple of idiots shouldn't matter.
They are sweet vegetables. They are used in savoury dishes.
I suppose it's normal where you are but it's strange for me that side vegetable dishes are sweet. Pie, pudding, and cakes are desserts, not side dishes.
Damn, can you show us a picture of yourself?
They do a lot of work. They're usually in the office quite late. We see the associates pull all nighters.
Can't you move out and get Centrelink assistance? I had a great time at uni. There was always somebody to talk to and organisations to be involved in.
Voldemort had the Death Eaters though.
I managed. And he does have a job.
Why would you do that? Isn't publicity a good thing for you? If you don't want to talk about your film or anything then decline the interview.
Too bad because you could potentially make more money for charity and sell more paintings if you weren't so silly about interviews.
Just don't give an interview at all if you can't be bothered being professional about it.
Picnic at Hanging Rock is my favourite.
Ah, the 90s boyband look.
You were a good looking kid though.
He can run his business how he likes but it's hardly a good idea to be difficult to people who can help your business out.
Called a counselling service just so I'd have someone to talk to. Also I've worked later just so I didn't have to go back to my quiet apartment.
I'll have what she's having.
It's hardly a stretch to connect both. And why don't you try and provide some evidence as to why my points are wrong?
I've met a few artists and I like going to museums and reading about art. I've been to a few gallery showings, both private and public. Some artists are motivated by money, some aren't. Some are full-time artists and some do it on the side. All of them if asked will talk about their art because they care about it. Their art is personal to them but they also like to share their experiences and give the art meaning. They understand what they are saying in the art so they want me people to understand too. You consider you art to be a business rather than just a hobby though. If it works for you then keep doing it. I don't understand it, no. I'm not infuriated although it is a bit annoying that you enjoy hearing journalists try to phrase questions a certain way and don't give them a good answer.
You should talk to someone if you're depressed.
Understandable but have you seen a counsellor? Perhaps you could let your family know how you are feeling and they might take it better than you expect.
What will happen when you run out of money? I'm assuming that you're renting but are you able to move in with a friend? Do you have any support whatsoever? Perhaps your job application has issues so you could get somebody to look over your resume.
Are you able to ask for a raise or more shifts at work? If your friend isn't aware of the situation, let him know and he might let you stay for a bit without paying rent. You might be able to pay him back later. Your colleagues or bosses might potentially be able to help you out.
Hey, what's going on? You're only 16 and it sounds like you've got college to look forward to in your future. And you should see somebody about your eating disorder.
You don't know what career you'll have when you're 16. And street smarts can be developed.
She is being dismissive of us. 'Not a match' and 'they seriously look nothing alike'. We are giving her reasons why the chin and hair looks different but implying that we only see similarities because they are black women is insulting. And others here are probably black as well.
You could try medication. Have you at least seen a counsellor? Your college might have free resources. College classes are stressful and a lot of people feel anxiety about them. It sounds like you don't have a strong network. Perhaps join a few college clubs and meet new people. A lot of people go through depression and cope with it. You're hardly a failure.
It's not that she disagreed and her points were bad. It's the way she said it. And there would be no point in suggesting possible matches if people are going to dismiss them as racial bias.
Point still stands. You were rude about it.
You could wear that now to an LGBTQ meet.
Yea, I don't consider it to be bridezilla ish. When the parents sign the kid up to be flower girl then they know that the bride will have the final say over the outfit. The bridesmaids and flower girl dress according to what the bride wants. It's not like she made the kid shave but just asked her to wear pantyhose.
What happened at your wedding?
Yea, a kid's leg hair is a pointless thing to care about but if the bride wants to kid to dress a certain way then that's her prerogative.
That awful, awful cover of Behind Blue Eyes. They had the gall to put their band name in it.
And antennas. If they broke and you couldn't afford to replace it then you stuck a wire clothes hanger in it.
Original Cheddar and Cheese and Bacon Shapes are back. RIP waistline.
Portaloo! I was defeated, you won the war.
That's gone beyond petty territory and into criminal. What is wrong with you.
Yea, you can apparently just distract and quieten dogs with food.
No? It's petty if you have a pathological problem. I went through five pages of the top stories and thoroughly enjoyed them and the majority don't involve anything criminal. This would be felony vandalism and possible assault with bodily fluid (IANAL). And OP ended up moving seats anyway. I've been to a lot of shows where people have been insufferable. You don't react by being an animal.
People actually call each other that outside Tumblr?
I'm not sure about that but you're the one who used the term.
I had to kneel and face the wall. Boring and painful.
Nope. I'm not a rude person who talks loudly at concerts.
Most of this [list](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triple_J_Hottest_100,_2007) was what hipster me was into in 2007. I discovered Pnau, The Chemical Brothers, and Silversun Pickups on Myspace.
With the serial killer eyes it would be a karate thriller film. *He killed her parents but Ninjagirl was prepared to fight*.
Aww he has a Santa beard.
How do people react when find out your mother's line of work? Has it changed any of your relationships? Is her job a secret in your community?
Thank you for replying. It's sad that you were such an insecure teen. It's good that your ex is no longer in your life. Was drugs commonplace growing up? Did you live in a good neighbourhood? Do you have any contact with your father?
It could be considered a felony which takes it beyond petty. Sounds like you and a lot here wouldn't mind your stuff being peed on.
Your mother went about things the wrong way but if you were a sedentary fat kid who wasn't sociable then sports would have been good for you.
It's a problem if you don't remember their names! OP, what were their names?
Most of our online lives have little impact on our offline lives but we still try to be civil. I don't say anything online that I wouldn't say in real life.
I hope that people left him alone. He was only a kid at the time.
*Puka.
Statutory rape presumes coercion because a minor is not legally capable of giving consent. Most 13 year old boys would want sex from anyone. The teacher got him drunk and waited for his friend to pass out on the couch. Vile woman. According to his recent post, OP dropped out of school, married very young, and had three kids very young. Sounds like there were a few side effects.
Lilith is lovely. Also, the feminist in me would approve because of Lilith Fair.
Whole scene but the discussion about mausoleum plots and who should be in it. Emily asked Lorelai if she'll still be single in order to plan plot places. They decide to move Aunt Cecile to make room. Lorelai: Knock-knock. Who’s there? Pineapple. Pineapple who? That’s where it ended. Never fully grasped the knock-knock concept. Emily: She was a complete idiot. Okay, it’s decided – Cecile goes.
Friends can only do so much for so long. You can't expect a lot from people who are not qualified to deal with psychological problems and have their own lives. And if you're just angry and depressed then it's not good for you to drag them down. Stop blaming them for the way you feel and see a counsellor.
Experiences you want to do are often related to interests. You say you want friends but then dismiss any attempts at help as 'fake caring'. I'm a loyal and patient friend with my close friends but if they were that bitter about my attempts to care then I might give up too. Being monogamous and romantic hardly makes you unique. Have you actually tried maintaining your friendships and giving back? Do you invite people out to see a film or whatever?
Ah the primary school graduation song.
Some people attempt suicide in places that they will be found and for some it's a cry for attention. A lot of people regret their attempts.
Late 90s, early 2000s right? You looked like someone would have picked on me at school.
Small. So small. And he's so big.
Shaboogie bop!
Pop biscuits, google buns, and toffee shocks.
Oh poor girl. She probably didn't want anyone to see it. A slideshow is a bit much but a lot of us girls used to write names of our crushes in binders.
It would have said 'juicy'.
This is amazing. You should leave the picture in there. Don't be fooled by the rocks that you got, you're still raisedflowerfaces from the block.
I had a boyfriend when I was 20 who was like that and badly lazy. His excuse was that he grew up with a dishwasher. After complaints for him to clean up, he would wash his oily dishes first with cereal bowls below them.
You look a bit like Orlando Bloom.
I second going on PTV. Get somewhere with a tram line. I don't recommend going to Geelong as the transport ticket is a bit more expensive and it doesn't have that Melbourne feel. Also, getting an Uber home if you really need to would cost a lot.
Oh people want to believe that Kendrick was murdered because it furthers their own agenda. His parents were black and low income and one of the accused boy's father is a white FBI agent. The case is political. Kendrick is the poster boy for the BLM movement.
Here's a [source](http://www.ebony.com/news-views/kendrick-johnson-case#axzz4k7w49dNF) and [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/federal-charges-will-not-be-filed-in-kendrick-johns-death_us_576968e9e4b0a75709b7dc51) and [here](http://www.wctv.tv/content/news/Kendrick-Johnsons-family-rallies-in-Valdosta-388778192.html).
I'm not familiar with the site but it does seem to have an agenda. I actually don't mind the Huffington Post but their articles about the case are rubbish.
Frank and beans!
My point was that Kendrick Johnson's case should not have been used by their supporters to further the cause.
I am not familiar with the publication. 'Agenda' isn't a negative word. Kendrick's death is an accident and nothing to do with him being black.
For a rolling suitcase, get a spinner from a respected luggage brand. Don't get a pretty one from a handbag brand and go for practicality before fashion. My cabin suitcase is an Antler spinner and my handbag. I'd recommend Antler, Samsonite, and Victorinox.
'Just because you wasted your time at 20 doesn't mean everyone else is' was a great riposte to her rude and patronising answer.
Do you know what she is like? What are hers and Conrad's family like? Does she have many supporters?
What a shame.
Christ, even after this case people would still casually tell people to kill themselves? I'm sorry that you had to go through that and of course hope that you will cut your 'friend' off. You really should see a counsellor if you aren't already.
Not blind to anything. The pussy pass stuff is misogynistic rubbish.
Oh what does now? Do provide examples. Brock Turner got a light sentence for rape. Didn't hear anybody going crazy calling it penis pass.
Just about every argument about the case that I've seen outside of Reddit has been because of his race. People believe that there is a whole conspiracy because he's black. I linked a few sources about the case but here's [one](http://nlpc.org/2015/11/23/civil-rights-activists-doj-distort-reality-death-georgia-black-teen/) and [here](https://lockerdome.com/bossip/8845923266638868) and [here](https://bossip.com/1326378/blacklivesmatter-no-federal-charges-in-kendrick-johnsons-death-after-body-was-found-in-wrestling-mat/) and [one more](http://www.workers.org/2015/01/16/justice-kendrick-johnson/#.WUSoTMfSrGI).
I suppose it depends on the nursing home. I used to volunteer in one as a companion. There were a lot of activities like bingo, arts and crafts, singing, church services, etc. They all ate together and though it wasn't a lively place, not particularly depressing. Just about all of them had family visit and the ones who weren't social were paired with like myself. My friend had family come each week and phone calls every day.
The vast majority of men in Australia are not circumcised. I've never seen a circumcised penis and would think that it was a weird look.
It is a political case because other people made it so. Of course I'll look for evidence to support my views. I'm not bitching about BLM and am neutral about the movement but they are wrong about Kendrick's case. I'm just replying to people.
The women who bested you were likely better than you, not because of their vaginas.
Oh have you now, do tell. Perhaps you use your penis privilege to get your way.
Not really. The beams can't be stolen.
A lot of people grow out of that sort of thing. 22 is still really young.
Why is this being reposted? It got posted and removed a couple of days ago.
It got removed. https://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/6hmtyp/is_op_being_disrespectful_to_men_is_she_predatory/
Confirmation from multiple sources. Here's [one](http://atlanta.cbslocal.com/2015/05/02/a-memorial-for-black-lives-diverse-crowd-gathers-in-atlanta/) and [here](http://www.walb.com/story/33271323/south-ga-students-told-to-remove-blm-signs-during-generation-day) and [one last one](https://blacklivesmattermemphis.wordpress.com/2016/08/01/what-happened-to-kendrick/). Do better.
I asked you for examples which you couldn't provide. Anyway, you projected that I'm ugly.
More Peter than Superfudge.
/r/lewronggeneration
Beaches though.
Ha. He got off at a stop which is different for both of us. He's probably following me.
Whose birthday is it, dammit.
I dated a guy who used to wear tracksuits a la Chas Tenenbaum. He is European.
Oh you poor thing. What did you do to deserve that.
Ooh, nice. I exceeded my concert budget. How was it?
It's relatively formal. When I last went to the ballet, most were in clothes that you would wear to a wedding. You should wear a suit if you have one.
You mean Bunnings? Try the Queen Vic Market.
Congratulations. How was the wedding?
That and they were at school and isolated from Voldemort. Their fears would be current fears. Hermione's fear was relatively trivial but centred around school.
Smith St Coles carpark? It's a 15 min walk and only a couple of tram stops away. About $10 a day.
Why so pretty.
Oh god. What a tragedy. A chance encounter with a waste of space snuffed the life of a wonderful man.
*forte. Also it's pronounced like 'fort' when used to mean 'strength'.
Yes, the musical term is pronounced like 'fortay'.
I don't get it. What's bad about that?
Slept with my Paddington Bear plush last night. RIP Michael Bond.
Why were you discussing black face?
Madeleine McCann. She's most likely dead but I wouldn't be shocked if she was found alive.
She could have been hidden away if she had been kidnapped and she would probably look very different now. Some detectives think that she's still alive.
What's wrong with Harry Connick Jr?
That's a disadvantage for me as a single woman. I message my girlfriends whenever I'm buying something off eBay or meeting a guy alone (new friend or date).
Contact lenses are cheap. Even cornea transplants aren't that expensive and there is black market plastic surgery.
Her case of course wasn't well known until much later. Every kidnapping case has risk. There are a few ways that she could be hidden from the world. Perhaps in a basement, in a remote town where they are protected, etc. Some detectives with a lot more resources than us believe that it's possible for her to be alive. It's hardly illogical. Her case is high profile yes, but there are plenty who wouldn't be familiar with her case and less likely to recognise her.
I don't really want to turn this into a who killed her discussion but as I recall, the DNA could have been from dirty nappies.
Here's [one source](http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/789545/Madeleine-McCann-Maddie-Gerry-Kate-alive-hidden-expert-Portugal).
You come across as a bit rude. I've spent hours debating her case and I doubt that I would recognise her in the street. A lot of people wouldn't be familiar with her eye defect and even I didn't know about it until a few months ago. Detectives believe that she might be living in an isolated town where it's possible that there was little coverage about her. The theoretical abductor would have a place where to stash her for a few years. They wouldn't think that her case would be that big but would still have had ways to hide her. Traffickers have an extensive network. Also, you could say that the rest of the commenters on here are giving false hope to the families. But that's not really the point of this thread.
They can do both you know.
