That one isn't that good, but considering your budget you will have to get lucky to find something better, $100 is not a crazy price for that bike by any means. But you do see nicer bikes being sold for the same amount by owners that don't realise they could get more. Ways to tell this was a bottom of the range bike: Shifters on Stem - All decent quality bikes of this era have the shifters mounted on the downtube Cottered cranks with chainguard - Good quality road bikes of the era (and today) don't come with a chainguard and use a different, more reliable system to attach the cranks. Metal dork disc (the metal disc next to the sprockets) - most better quality bikes of the era don't have a dork disc. General finishing quality of parts - The brake callipers and rear derailleur look cheap and poorly finished compared to what you would see on a more expensive bike. Would also say to go for bikes with modern 700c wheels rather than 27inch, as they will be slightly more recent and have more compatibility with modern parts This is the case for all 70s/80s road bikes, not just Japanese ones
Main principles are to stay loose and anticipate obstacles as /u/MuchUpTimeHours suggests, beginners often ride 'dead sailor' or stiff/locked out arms and legs, hitting stuff like a sack of potatoes. Doing some riding offroad would improve your technique and help teach the importance of weight distribution on the bike.
http://nashville.craigslist.org/bik/5040137405.html - this bike would likely be a good candidate, but it depends how tall you are. You would have to be very tall for the Trek to be worth considering.
&gt;It has been happening a lot lately. So who has been truing the wheels? That's the big question. &gt;I'm not sure if I should buy new rims/tires or save the cash for a new bike. Well that depends, do you like the bike? It's not a bike I would have recommended to anyone back then or now and it was about the very bottom of the Trek range. Whatever, it's not worth spending $150 on new wheels. But cheaper 26" mountain bike wheels are the sort of thing you'd be crazy to buy new, it's the fare of skips/recycle centres/garage sales/Craigslist for a few bucks.
Don't search, just browse/filter in the right category. Searching doesn't work because most people have no idea what they are selling.
There are organisations, the Cats Protection League in particular, which will pay for vets bills for the poorly off and especially for cats which have been adopted/rescued. She would likely not have to pay for any vet bills if she applied for help via them - I know people far better off who had bills paid for by the CPL because they rescued or adopted a cat. If you're talking purebred cats that have genetic disorders, need grooming and special feed etc, or indoors only cats that need litter and toys, it's a different story, but for a regular rescue moggy that shits outside you're talking about $5 a week for budget food. What is there that's better value for kids?
&gt;I don't know the slightest thing about cars &gt;I'm really keen on getting this Honda Fit 2002 Why? Maybe you would benefit from more general help with your car search. I should explain that it strikes me as confusing that you are really keen on a particular car when you claim to know nothing about cars.
If you are 5'2 that bike is far, far too big, it would be more suited to someone over a foot taller. You need to look for frames that are much smaller. The other bike I recommended would be a lot better but possibly even that would be on the big side. You are pretty much looking at getting the smallest frame sizes made (46cm or less/14inch or less/XS or smaller) depending on sizing system
Sure, though I mean it seems strange for them to be really keen on any particular car, I'm not saying anything about the Honda Fit. It makes me wonder if it's a rare colour like pink or bright yellow or something like that and that is why they are keen.
Because it's a free 'build your own website with no techical skills' site
I've read your post about five times and I'm a bit confused by how you think we would be able to tell you anything useful, based on the information you told us.
Well it's really hard to say anything much without linking to the bike - you can only use your own judgement on it's condition, value, chances of it being stolen etc. Though I understand your reluctance to. But getting a higher in the range bike for less money is great even if it is used - it's just I couldn't say "sounds awesome, go for it" because it might be stolen or have other red flags that can't be picked up on without seeing the listing. If the seller was willing to let you get the bike checked out at a shop chances are it's fine, if they were hiding a problem with it they would probably say no. If you go to the shop I would probably just ask for a safety check/inspection and not say that you are potentially buying the bike unless asked, because it's in their interest then to find problems with it and steer you onto buying a new bike with them. With regards to test riding, that's more important if you're test riding for fit/sizing or test riding for which bike is the best. If you are sure on fit and sizing, a $2200 bike will ride better just about for sure. Worst case you end up having to buy new contact points like saddle/handlebars/stem to adjust things, but you're saving enough that shouldn't matter.
I think it's because it's so poorly put together. The article is written in a way that it only makes sense to regular readers of that site/who are part of that scene and getting up to speed requires hours of reading and looking stuff up on google. From a context like Reddit it makes no sense without detailed background info that the OP struggled to, but couldn't express in the post title. A lot of online drama scandals/stories fall into this category nowadays and only takes off when someone from a site like arstechnica takes the time to put it together in a way that people from outside the scene or with less than infinite free time can understand.
Yeah something seems off. The cost of bike to cost of lock ratio is too far skewed and it is so carelessly locked up - it would be scratched up in no time. Could be a recently stolen bike locked up by it's thief, what you suggest, or OP setup
Fuck off with your amateur link-building campaign. Onyourbike sucks.
It is far too big for you. The bike is suited to someone a good six inches taller than you. To the point even with the seat at the lowest height like it is now it may be too high - do you stuggle to reach the bottom of the pedal stroke or do your hips wobble from side to side while pedaling? - if so it's worse than it just being the wrong size, you are rising injuring yourself from constantly overextending muscles and joints. If not, then sure you can ride it, but if you have to dismount on uneven ground or in a hurry you're going to bang your nuts on the top tube (if you're a guy) for sure, and are probably going to have a few crashes where you 'surf the top tube', rolling along slipped off the saddle on your nuts unable to reach the floor with your feet. You should just sell this bike and buy one the correct size. Not to mention that a bike that much too big for you is also going to be too long/stretched out. It may seem like I'm being mean/raining on your parade, it's great that you're biking and that's not a bad bike apart from the wrong size - but seriously, you should seek a properly sized bike asap. I wouldn't like to ride a bike that wrongly proportioned as someone who has been a serious cyclist for 20 years, let alone as a beginner. It also looks like your handlebars may be badly adjusted (height, angle and angle of the brake levers), but it's hard to tell for sure as the wheel is turned in the photo. That should be easier to fix in the short term - compare your setup with that of other bikes.
&gt;proven beneficial Caffeine has a huge number of links with anxiety and other mental disorders. From [Smith BD, Gupta U, Gupta BS. Caffeine and activation theory: effects on health and behavior. ](http://apt.rcpsych.org/content/11/6/432.full) Excessive ingestion leads to a state of intoxication known as caffeinism, which is characterised by restlessness, agitation, excitement, rambling thought and speech, and insomnia. These symptoms clearly overlap with those of many psychiatric disorders. The potential harmful effects of caffeine have long been recognised. ... Four caffeine-related syndromes are recognised in DSM–IV (American Psychiatric Association, 1994): caffeine intoxication; caffeine-induced anxiety disorder; caffeine-induced sleep disorder; and caffeine-related disorder not otherwise specified. ... Caffeine has a number of adverse effects on the gastrointestinal tract. ... Withdrawal symptoms have been reported in both humans and animals (Schuh &amp; Griffiths, 1997; Griffiths &amp; Woodson, 1998). Well-recognised symptoms include headache, irritability, sleeplessness, confusion, nausea, anxiety, restlessness and tremor, palpitations and raised blood pressure (Finnegan, 2003). They typically start slowly, are at their worst at 1–2 days, and recede within a few days. They are rapidly relieved by intake of caffeine, suggesting that they are genuine withdrawal symptoms. ... Caffeine appears to prime reward-relevant dopaminergic circuits implicated in cocaine misuse, and has been found to reinstate extinguished cocaine-taking behaviour in rats (Worley et al, 1994). ... Among adult psychiatric patients in the USA, a significant number have been found to use large amounts of caffeine (750 mg or more per day); such individuals have higher levels of both anxiety and depression than those who consume less
What kind of adapter have you heard you would need? That doesn't sound right. &gt;all the info I can find seems to be a couple years old. That's really not relevant, the technology involved hasn't changed for 30 years. Bar ends were very common in the 90s, on almost every mountain bike bike, nowadays I only seen people using them for cycle touring. If you have any kind of local community of cyclists (e.g. subreddit/facebook page) I would just make a post and ask if anyone has any spare bar ends at the back of a cupboard. Note I am not suggesting your friends are wrong or bar ends are bad, I fitted a pair when I went cycle touring earlier this year. They got less popular mostly because mountain bike fashion changed.
A lot faster than most natural stalactites, but the very fastest natural ones (3mm a year) would probably be similar based on how long these are and how long the plant has been abandoned
For me it's like this: Most expensive: Some of the less-well-known brands that make upmarket/boutique commuting bikes, often in Holland/Germany - especially stuff with belt drive, electric motor, IGH. Then there's the trendy bike brands making new bikes from steel like Surly and Linus Then there are the smaller premier brands from Europe and North America, e.g. BMC, Cervelo, Litespeed, Yeti, Pinarello, Colnago Next up is the top mainstream brands like Specialized and Trek Another bit better value are cheaper mainstream brands like Giant and Fuji Then at (at least on paper) the cheapest are the discount brands that Bikesdirect etc specialize in like KHS, Schwinn, Motobecane
You have no idea what you are talking about. My dog is eight and is fully toilet trained. She has a medical issue with bladder control when sleeping, which you might have picked up on if you'd bothered to read the whole of my post before replying
&gt; I did see that she has been abused in the past which makes me think she has probably been harshly disciplined for going to the bathroom in the house (which again could cause her to equate pee in the house with anger) No shit sherlock. That you decided to lecture me about that when I said she is no longer punished for this (and I am only assuming that's what the previous owner did because of her behaviour) to me either says you have poor reading comprehension or you're an asshole. It has been a lot of work over the last 7 years to put confidence back into the dog and it sucks when strangers judge because she is nervous.
As pointed out by /u/fraseyboy just get Pam's Choca, it's cheaper, tastes of chocolate, has less artificial shit in it and is actually Kiwi so the profits don't all go to Switzerland. To boot Nestle are [evil as fuck](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1n194c/what_is_the_most_evil_corporation_in_the_world_in/ccehe8y)
&gt; He's a cop, not a paramedic. If the cops there have no training as first responders then it's a disgrace considering the job they do. Police should be competent in basic emergency medical care until paramedics arrive.
That's the size of the wheels :) The frame looks about 21" (edit - just noticed the seller measured it as 20") which should be sweet for you
The main reason for running 23s or narrower would be weight saving for an ultralight hillclimb bike or because bike shops almost never have 25s on special, only 23s (in my experience). But to be honest I don't think there's a huge difference between 23 and 25, the tire construction makes a bigger difference to rolling resistance and comfort.
For reference: A wheel is made up of a tire, a rim, spokes and a hub. The entire thing is a wheel, not a tire - **the tire is just the rubber part**. This is the same with cars and with any kind of wheel. &gt;622) 700x This means your wheels are 700c which is the standard size for all modern road bikes. Pretty much any other 700c road bike rear wheel will fit.
&gt;Even PETA says you can and should feed your dog Vegan. You realise they say that because of beliefs that animals shouldn't be killed for food, not because they are any authority on pet nutrition, right? It would be surprising if PETA said anything else. &gt;Long story short, it has been almost 10 years now, and my dog has the nicest teeth of any 10 year old, the vet told me, and until recently, has not been to the vet in over 3.5 years. Now that's what you call savings. /r/Frugal My dog of a similar age hasn't been to the vet except for one booster jab in 6 years, has no eating disorders, great teeth and glossy coat and is still often confused for a puppy. She eats cheap prepackaged dog food, canned or in rolls, sometimes biscuits, whatever is on special - a diet that most people in this sub would think wasn't good enough for their dog. The food she eats is certainly WAY cheaper than that Primal Petfoods you link to which to me seems the opposite of frugal. I'm not claiming that my dogs diet is the best - I'm saying that giving out nutritional advice based on experience with one dog is pretty unscientific
Can't really see the advantage to be honest. Only pro points I can see is that it is cleaner looking (though I'd debate that with this bike) and it's impossible to forget your light. Drawbacks: 1. Have to carry the weight of lights and batteries around all the time, even if it's not dark 2. Crash and break your normal light, or light stops working it's easy and quick to replace. I bet you would have to order replacement lights from overseas for lotsamoney. 3. New better light/battery technology comes out in 5 years, but you're stuck with old technology unless the bike maker releases an updated light
You would be nuts to spend that much on that bike. Like you said, you paid less than that for the bike originally. If you can't sort a cheap replacement for less than $50 then sell or donate the bike to someone who can and buy another bike. There are tons of people that have spare wheels gathering dust in cupboards that could go straight onto this bike. Cheap wheels sell all the time on Craigslist/eBay etc for $20-30 a pair, or you could probably get one for free from a local bike co-op. You don't need a special wheel for this bike. ANY rear wheel for a standard road/hybrid bike made in the last 20 years will fit. If you care that much about matching wheels just get a new bike that already has matching wheels. &gt;the rim should cost me 80-120 You mean the wheel, right? Rebuilding the wheel with a new rim would be even more nuts.
In what way? Just saying that with no reasons doesn't make it true and what I can see that is not the case at all, for the reasons in my previous post.
I would highly recommend those old Fujis with quad-butted tubing, the ride quality is fantastic. So comfortable on bumpy roads. Here is [mine](http://imgur.com/a/h3eLe) (which I have since mostly restored and plan to repost when finished), also a 1985. It's from a couple of models up in the range but I love it. Since that post I adjusted it so it fits me and I ride it quite a lot. I also own a 2010 carbon Trek with Ultegra, the Fuji is not quite as fast except on short sprints and is tougher on steep hills, but it feels just as much of a quality/performance bike to ride and is quieter and comfier on bumps/rough tarmac/offroad. The main disadvantage with an older bike is not having integrated shifters, but it's no biggy with a bit of practice. I'd say the bike is probably worth around $300 considering it's weight (23.4lb) but it depends a lot on your local market, some places crappy 30lb Schwinns with shiny paint are selling for close to that much, some places there are higher end bikes going for $300
Make sure you have a good ride position - you may want to swap a different stem or adjust the height of the stem. Also consider the bars - just flat bars isn't good for touring, you need a variety of hand positions. Easiest and cheapest option is to fit mountain bike bar end extensions (bar ends). Time trial style clip-on aero bars can also be an option depending on the fit of the bike (possibly combined with bar ends - this is my current touring setup), or get a new set of trekking style handlebars. Might be worth getting the rear wheel hand-tensioned by a wheelbuilder, little bit excessive considering the wheel is quite low-end but it will help avoid it coming out of true hitting bumps when the bike is fully loaded. This is not needed with the front wheel because it deals with less force - you usually have to crash to buckle the front - and because the rear wheel is inherently weaker on bikes with gears as it has to be built asymmetrically.
&gt;Presently, my preference goes to the first one as I have never cycles with a road handle bar and it seems very uncomfortable for my back. Well a lot of that is fitting, many people get bad experiences from being kids trying to ride a bike with drop bars that's too big for them. But for sure, more flexibility and core strength is needed with a road bike than a hybrid (or what they call 'flat bar road bike'). In general terms, hybrids are great for utility, for riding at a slower pace with lots of stops and starts. Road bikes are great for recreation, for riding at a faster pace with less stops and starts. So to ride to work in a city you're likely best off with a hybrid, to go for pleasure rides in country lanes you're best off with a road bike unless you feel you're not up to it physically. Many people make posts here after starting off with a hybrid and then moving up to a road bike when they feel they've outgrown the hybrid in terms of fitness and abilities (but maybe still keeping the hybrid to use around town).
My favorites, concentrating on individual spots - some stuff that's already suggested, and some of the parks are on routes like the Southern Walkway or Skyline Walkway already suggested, but are worth visiting separately to do a shorter loop walk. In the city: * Otari Bush * Central Park * Red Rocks * Trellisick Park * Wright's Hill * Tawatawa Reserve * Oruaiti reserve Further out: * Catchpool Valley/Orongorongo trails * Belmont regional park trails * Mt. Kaukau * Makara Beach Also would recommend trying mountain biking if you are moving here and like the outdoors, could add another list of spots to the above.
I wondered if it was related to size, it can be very hard when you are at one end of the sizing scale. Being forced to buy new, or spending weeks waiting for bikes the right size/price to come along is the price to pay unfortunately. One option would be to point out to the seller of the Fuji the bicyclebluebook price and offer them $150. It might not be as nice as the Trek but you'd save several hundred dollars and it's still an OK bike if in good condition. &gt;I didn't want to spend too much over $500, and everywhere else it seemed like everything my size was close to a grand. I would have expected similar bikes to the Trek 7 series from the other big brands to also come in small sizes (e.g. Giant Escape, Specialized Sirrus), though you'd have to check. All of those three bikes are regularly recommend to people on this sub and all are pretty similar bikes with similar ranges and prices. Also check out the Fuji Absolute, though again not sure about sizes it's available in. For other options used, all I can suggest is looking at eBay as well as Kijiji, maybe check out some pawn shops, look a bit further afield.
That looks like not a bad deal, even better if they took $125 or $100. You'd be looking at about $400 for something similar new. It's a comfort bike, which differs from a standard hybrid by having a very upright posture which puts all the weight on your butt, and suspension. I usually recommend them to more elderly/frail/overweight riders who would have trouble absorbing bumps with their arms and legs or putting any weight on their arms. Otherwise it is generally better to not have suspension unless you are mountain biking on rough terrain, it makes the bike heavier and the steering flexy, and a less upright position is better if you are riding any distance or riding for fitness. But your intentions would suit this bike, they are good for cruising around short distances in a lazy fashion, like a beach cruiser with gears. I've had a look at your Craigslist, http://twinfalls.craigslist.org/bik/5050885264.html looks ok if you fit on it (you didn't say how tall you are), better for $100 or less. http://twinfalls.craigslist.org/bik/5071865349.html is pretty similar to the Gary Fisher, a bit lower grade I think (hard to tell as the photo is so shit) but it's so much cheaper it would be worth checking out.
Yes the first one would for sure be too big then. It would probably be worth comparing the two similar bikes if you have the option to, the Gary Fisher is almost certainly better quality and you might decide is worth the extra.
I've heard of people in developing countries using chunks of wood as a botch replacement for busted bike shocks. I wouldn't scrap it, sure someone else would buy it to try and fix or just to hang on a wall.
&gt; also noticed the pots that they are in have a drain so the soil doesn't seem to hold the water. I'm not sure if this is beneficial or not in this situation. That's normal, if you don't have that the plant's roots rot, but it's also why you have to water plants regularly
It may well be worth the money but it is far too big, you need a much smaller bike. I'm 6'2 and ride that frame size. &gt;He said it would fit me Current owner clearly doesn't know much about bikes or they wouldn't have the handlebars/brake levers set up at such a bizarre wrist snapping angle. Most people selling bikes know almost nothing about them. It's more common for sellers to get the range of heights it will fit/size of the bike wrong than right - many inexperienced cyclists buy bikes that are too big for them, as if they are still a kid who is growing, and are never aware that they should be on a smaller bike. You are best off judging bikes size by eye rather than going by what the seller says. If you give me a link to the auction I could have had a look at other options on your CL
&gt;so they have to do everything well. Good wear, good protection- all without being too heavy. That would be nice. Choose a fast, light, supple, fast wearing tire (race tire), or a comparitively heavy, stiff, slow hard-wearing tire (training/commute tire), or a tire that is somewhere in the middle.
Well it depends on your definition of 'fairly well'. Many people choose to ride race tires like the GP4000s/GP4000s II all the time because they would rather have a fast, comfortable tire than one which lasts a long time and has good puncture resistance. But the GP4000s will wear out very quickly and be likely to get punctures compared to a commuting/training tire with hard compound and puncture protection strip like the Maxxis Refuse.
&gt; I wouldn't want to do a long ride on a non-road bike without swapping a lot of parts, which can get expensive quickly. I agree longer rides are nicer and average speed is higher with drop bars, but I would say that plenty of people tour on mountain bikes. If you have bar ends it's possible to vary hand positions. This summer I did a mixed on/off road tour here in NZ on a [rigid 90s MTB with rack mounts](http://i.imgur.com/82HhXXc.jpg) (not set up for touring in that pic), did a day 100km with 700m of climbing and another 60km offroad with similar vertical. Would happily tour on that bike again (my cheapest bike, I paid about $50 fixed up), even on tarmac, but I think bar ends are a must.
The main tip off that the Focus is a great bike other than clues from the picture that are harder to explain is that the seller says it has Shimano 600 (now called Ultegra) components, second from top of the range below Dura Ace. It's also easier to tell a good bike by it not looking like a cheap bike: http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5068621268.html See how that bike has shifters mounted to the stem (instead of on the downtube or integrated in the brake levers), a big metal chainguard and metal 'dork disc' behind the rear sprockets? Those three things mean the bike is a cheap 'bike boom' 10 speed and is much lower quality. Here are some other options: http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5065285957.html - looks ok http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5043085519.html - looks good http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5033456243.html - looks ok http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5012624130.html - very nice http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5007357909.html - looks good
You've picked out a decent bike there from Craigslist. It would be a better deal closer to $350 though, $425 is a bit pricey but they may listen to offers. I would prefer to have that Cannondale that either of the Bikesdirect bikes, it's a lot older but it's a higher quality bike that is still objectively a better bike. There are sure to be other options as /u/h20link says that may be better. Going with one of the BD bikes I would definitely choose the Motobecane, the design and geometry of the Windsor frame looks 'off' to me.
It's most likely just a case of getting your butt used to it and getting stronger legs. The stronger your legs are and the fitter you are the harder you push the pedals. The harder you push the pedals, the less of your weight is on the saddle. But it is mostly about toughening your butt. Having said that, saddles are a personal thing - it may be that the current saddle doesn't suit your butt. Some bike shops have demo saddles that you can borrow to try out, otherwise riding other people's bikes or just trial and error. I would give it a few weeks of regular rides before deciding the saddle is the problem though. What I wouldn't do is go out and buy some kind of armchair padded saddle the opposite of the current one as a first recourse - they are comfy when you are sitting still on the bike, but pedaling causes chafing. Another point worth mentioning, with your current setup the bars look very high compared to the saddle, normally with road bikes the bars are set up lower - having the bars higher takes weight off your arms and transfers more onto your butt.
According to Solberg they were in full control of the car and just looking to rejoin the road, but had so much vines covering the windshield they didn't realise they'd reached it and crossed it already, and then didn't see the powerpole at all. As I remember he got told off and there was a debacle with local landowners talking about the rally not being held there again because of all the damage to vines (he wasn't the only driver to crash into them)
&gt;Even when I adjusted the brakes toe it still runs constantly, I think the fork is bent. Might be that the rubber on the pads has perished/formed a hard surface layer, the brakes are cheap enough they have flexy arms, or just bad luck. I have seen brakes that are near impossible to cure of squeals because they have flexy arms. Maybe try using some coarse sandpaper on the surface of the pads and see if it helps. &gt;to get an even higher quality bike at that price it would have to be in almost as bad condition as mine wouldn't it? Nope, it sounds like your bike is worth about $50 in current condition, so $200 could get you something a lot nicer (used), but you will be looking at older bikes from the 80s to mid 90s to get something decent quality/reliable. Check out /r/whichbike - see the sidebar and maybe make a post there with a link to your local Craigslist and people will give you recommendations on bikes to look at. $200 on a new bike would be just throwing money away, it will last even less time than your current bike.
Looks like there's not many options right now in your size, there's a whole bunch of 54cm and some very small frames in the 40s but no 48-52. 54 would probably be a bit too big to be comfortable, but this bike looks awesome for the price https://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/bik/5076157788.html https://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/bik/5040643994.html - similar to above but not quite as nice This bike is very small but you could try it https://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/bik/5068804133.html Maybe wait for a week, chances are it's just bad luck there's no bikes with 48-52 frame size at the moment.
That's a real bummer about your old frame. For $1100, unless you're talking just a frame you're going to struggle to find that kind of quality in a new bike. A new bike will have more speeds, be lighter etc for $1100, but it's not cheap to get that kind of ride quality from the frame. My recommendation would be to look at second hand bikes
The frame and basic kit on the Rockhopper Sport are OK but there are some definite drawbacks: * Suntour forks * Tektro brakes * 9 Speed Suntour and Tektro make cheap, low-end imitations of products from the leading brands - mainly Fox, Rock Shox and Marzocchi with forks, and mainly Shimano, SRAM/Avid and Formula with brakes. They just don't do as good a job in terms of reliability or performance, poor enough that it's a false economy - you can buy and plan to upgrade stuff later but it would have been much cheaper to buy a better bike to begin with, and the poor performance takes away from the fun factor. In my opinion 9 Speed is not that great considering you're spending $800, 10 speed bikes have been around for more than 10 years and the top of the range is 12 speed now. With this budget, unless you live somewhere remote I would highly recommend looking at used bikes. You can get an awesome bike used with 10 speed and forks and brakes from a leading brand for $800
Did you buy it? Would have been a very good deal by the looks of it
With the tires it's not the size I was talking about, it's the knobbly tread, you can get tires the same size or even bigger that are slick
I have bought pairs of almost new (taken off new bikes) tires from my local equivalent of eBay/Craigslist, you could keep an eye out for some and then sell yours for the same kind of price and it would basically be a swap.
'Casque' is an obscure word that specifically refers to a visorless helmet, in French it is more common and just means 'helmet', e.g the film Casque d'Or (Golden Helmet)
Read the past posts on /r/whichbike, this question is covered there regularly &gt; I've been told to watch for certain brands This is not very good advice imo. You have to judge a used bike by the quality of the frame and parts attached to it, not the sticker on it. Bikes are very different to cars.
&gt;This will sort of be my do-all bike... I'm doing weekly half-centuries and looking to train to do weekly centuries That's some intentions worthy of a decent bike/frame. This Nashbar frame is probably pretty good (if it is still made, it says it's unavailable and one of the reviews implied it wasn't being made anymore), but if you have $300 for a frame you should get the best you can afford. I would have a look for something lightweight with a high-end tubeset, or a second hand proven frame from a big brand like a CAAD 10. &gt;I'm too poor to afford having two road bikes in my quiver. If you have some spare time keep an eye out at garage sales, municipal recycle centres etc, you never know what you will come across. One of my best bikes I got for $15, and I went touring on a bike this summer I paid $22 for ($50 fixed up).
If you aren't mountain biking or BMXing you don't need something as burly as the V8s. 580 is heavy for pedals for sure, DMR make more expensive pedals that are lighter (MG body) and have better bearings (V12). Their top of the range pedal (the flatter and newer Vault body) weighs 290g - http://www.dmrbikes.com/products/pedals/vault-mg-superlight The Wellgo mg pedals are great if you don't mind a taller pedal and a classic. The Rockbros pedals don't look tough enough for proper mountain biking or BMXing but they look fine for general usage. For my mind if you are going to go mountain biking/BMXing and need a tough pedal the best price/performance/weight ratio is with nylon fibre composite pedals with metal pins like the Deity Components (I think there are even cheaper alternatives from Nukeproof if you don't care about colour)
That's only because they just make cheap bikes. Their bikes aren't any worse than other brands bikes at the same price
It depends a lot on the conditions - * Wind - the bigger the tailwind, the faster a road bike is because of tires. With a gale force headwind tires make almost no difference, but a road bike is still faster because it and it's rider are more aerodynamic * Steepness of grade - the steeper a hill is up or down, the less difference tires make. Very steep uphills almost all pedaling effort goes into overcoming gravity, and very steep downhills friction from tires is insignificant compared to acceleration from gravity and the rotational momentum of the wheels So on a flat road or gently uphill or downhill road with no wind or a tailwind, slick tires are significantly faster, in the mountains there is less of a difference. But another thing to consider is the impact of riding knobblies on the road on your wallet - tarmac is like sandpaper to soft compound tires and they will last a fraction of the time compared to keeping them just for offroad riding
There was a good post on this a couple of days ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/bicycling/comments/39wi2w/first_ever_road_bike_love_it_to_death_but_my_ass/ &gt;I must say every seat I take feels like a swift kick in the ass. It's good technique to watch the road for bumps ahead and prepare for them by putting weight off your butt and onto your legs just before you hit them. If you are riding with your saddle lower than it should be this would be a lot more difficult. Got a pic of the bike?
Looks to be properly set up/doesn't look like the wrong size bike or anything - pretty much what I said in that other thread plus the tip about being pre-emptive with bumps to absorb them with your legs
Originally posted this in /r/CampingandHiking: Had a really nasty time about 5 or 6 years ago, the TLDR is "Respect the short daylight and harsh conditions of winter in the mountains, especially solo". Was working in a bike hire shop in Queenstown NZ and borrowed a bike on my day off. Been a keen mountain biker since I was 12 but had got out of shape and also was suffering from post concussion syndrome at the time. Queenstown is inland in the mountains and is very cold in the winter by NZ standards. Have copied and pasted from an e-mail I wrote at the time it happened: I did a couple of short tracks close to town, and then rode up into the mountains. I rode for maybe an hour and a half on the road to a place called Moke Lake, where I had been before in my car. Starting there is a track called the Moonlight Track, which is about 15 or 20km long and goes around the back of the mountains behind Queenstown. The lake is just after a pass on the road up to it, and the track follows the stream flowing out of the lake downstream back to town. I had read that it takes 1-2 hours and I thought I had 2 hours. I did think it was a little bit risky but it was further to ride back the way I had come (though on good roads), and I figured the track would be all or nearly all downhill from there. I felt good when I started, but immediately dunked my feet ice water on the first ford 10 metres into the track. Should have turned back at that point. I didn't take enough food and no water, and I had already been riding for 2 or 3 hours. Had no backpack, only a light jacket and shorts After about 1 hour 30 mins I started feeling very, very weak and tired and I couldn't ride the bike up the hills, my legs were cramping and I had to keep stopping to catch my breath. It was much tougher than I thought it would be with much more climbing, and I had no energy at all. It kept climbing up the hillside to where there was snow and ice and then back to the valley bottom. After a landslip the path got very narrow and rocky compared to the previous 4wd tracks. Because I was so tired I couldn't ride the bike properly, and I fell off sideways down the mountainside about 6-7 metres. But I was lucky because I was OK, I didn't even get a bruise from it. I climbed back up to the path and kept going, but it was getting really dark and I realised I still had a long way to go, 5km at least. I was so tired I just wanted to lie down on the ground. I fell off the bike again and nearly fell 20 or 30m down a cliff and decided it wasn't safe to carry on, so I dropped the bike and carried on on foot. By this time the sun had set some time ago and it was getting very cold, probably -8 or -10c that high on the mountain, the wind picking up and I was getting very cold. I checked my phone and I had no reception. I carried on walking but I went onto a sheep trail instead of the proper trail because of the darkness. The path ended and there was a cliff in front of me. I was really, really cold, I was almost about to fall asleep, I just wanted to fall down and close my eyes. I checked my phone and I had reception, so I called the emergency services on 111, spoke to them briefly without being able to explain where I was (I kept just saying "there's a cliff" when they asked me to describe my location) other than the track. Suddenly the line drops, my phone battery ran out. It was almost pitch dark and I knew I had hypothermia and would not stay alive for much time if I stayed there, so I went round the cliff trying to find the path. After 15 minutes I found the path, but I was so weak I thought I was going to collapse. I forced myself to keep walking at a brisk pace, feeling like if I stopped moving I would cramp up and not be able to move again. I kept going for 30 mins or so, somehow crossed a frozen stream with icy covered boulders and saw a house 500m away. I was so relieved. I went and knocked on their front door, and they were very friendly and helpful. I was so cold I couldn't talk, I asked them if I could use their phone but they couldn't really understand what I said as my lips were so cold I couldn't move them to shape words. But they gave me hot drinks and dinner and called the emergency services for me to tell them I was OK. It took me 30 or 40 minutes to get warm. Then they took me into the police station to talk the police. The police said that I did all the right things, but that I was very, very lucky to be alive. They said I had late stage hypothermia and if I had stopped for any longer I would have collapsed, it was only finding the trail and keeping walk that kept me alive. I felt quite bad afterwards in the evening and this morning but I am OK now. This afternoon me and a friend went to pick up the bike from off the mountain. Edit: Picture of the valley I was coming down (the far side in this pic), taken in summer: http://wanderinginwellington.files.wordpress.com/2008/11/12-shotover-canyon-swing.jpg http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get/I00007yZKOGbyTq8/s/640/500/ - Moke lake in winter
I wouldn't pay much attention to what your friend thinks about bikes based on this, fully agree with /u/zootam that there's nothing to suggest it's stolen.
Test ride and decide, or wait and keep checking Craigslist, check eBay too
That's an OK price for that bike I would say, though I'm not familiar with second hand market in the Balkans. If it was for sale for that price in US or UK it would be pretty standard asking price second hand. So it looks good, it's not a crazy bargain but it's not overpriced either, and would be a WAY better bike than what you can get new for 300 euro.
Other materials also have a raw state, and aerospace metals in their raw state (e.g. sheet/bar stock) can be very expensive and make that CF look cheap. Other materials can also very expensive to work with. For example it is cheaper to make something like a bicycle frame out of carbon fibre than titanium or stainless steel because the cost of working with those materials (cutting and welding) is comparable or greater than costs involved in laying up carbon.
The Cube has better forks and probably better brakes, and is 9 speed rather than 8 speed so I'd agree it's probably worth the extra money. TIL about the currency you use in Bosnia :)
There are two ways you can put the chain into many tools, one is for breaking the chain and one is for spreading links apart that are too tight. I once made the mistake of confusing them. My experience with chain tools is every one I've bought has either been junk and plain not worked (first cheap off brand one I bought) or broken after a while (two branded ones, last one was a Topeak). Though usually on old bikes that have had the same chain on for years. I think it's a tool where quality really matters and I plan on going a bit more upmarket next time. In my experience bike shops usually use Park Tools stuff.
Middle of the winter here in Wellington, 14c/57f max, 6c/43f min. Will be a pretty cold night, 14 is pretty standard maximum but 6 is colder than it usually gets, quite often in the winter its only a degree or so colder at night than in the day. Sounds fairly warm but there's always humid sea air and often windy (it competes with Ushaia in Tierra Del Fuego as the world's windiest city) so it often feels a lot colder.
A few cars that used the same engine did though like the Galant VR4 and the Evos
The main thing when buying a bike is to get one the right size. Those two bikes are different sizes. If you were tall enough for the Sirrus, the Allez would probably be too small for you and vice versa. How tall are you? I don't know what to make of that Allez, it looks legit in terms of components (I'd guess it's about a 2005), but not sure why the frame is painted over. It is overpriced. The Sirrus on the other hand looks good and is more realistically priced. It is much older but a higher quality bike. I disagree with /u/pillowdown about the saddle, it looks like a crap saddle but it's actually a good quality vintage racing saddle, and the tires may not be the best choice but they are OK for some kinds of riding. The bike /u/pillowdown found looks like a great deal if it is the right size for you
I mostly agree with what you say apart from about the saddle, that isn't the junk saddle it appears at first glance, they're actually very comfortable and were used in the peloton back in the day. I have read of people who prefer that particular saddle to anything else.
It looks like you've underthought things to me. Do you want a road bike or a time trial bike? You need to work that out before you look at individual bikes.
Holy shit, can you send some of that weather over, it's 6 degrees here. &gt;Well I would like something around 500 US, the thing is that since I'm in Colombia prices are going to be way higher than in stores. If you were spending that much in the US I would say you would get a much better bike or could save money by going second hand and it would be even more so there - are there any second hand listings/auction websites in Colombia? Or second hand bike shops? &gt;Riding Conditions: I would mostly ride in the roads (Pavement), but I want a bike that I can jump ledges, take on holes, have good suspension. The riding would be mostly flat whit some moderate hills. Traffic sometimes heavy sometimes alright, not very respectful towards bikers (no bike lane). It sounds like you would be best with a mountain bike. It would be good to fit some slick (road) tires to it or buy one that has already be converted for the street if buying second hand. Knobbly tires are much slower and making getting around more hard work to go the same speed. Anything except a mountain bike isn't really strong enough to cope with jumps and stuff like that. Suspension isn't that good for the road, it's good for riding offroad when it's rocky and you need it to stay in control of the bike, but on the road it's more for elderly or overweight people to give them more comfort because they can't absorb bumps with arms and legs. Suspension is also expensive, you could get a bike with good suspension for $500 second hand but new anything with suspension will be crap.
&gt; I looked online and found a few websites with programs/apps I can download, install, and run to place an image slider onto my website. I was just looking back at this post to see if there had been other comments and realised what you were asking here. That's not how web development stuff works - almost certainly those programs install spyware or viruses. Don't use the word 'free' in Google searches.
Other guides I've seen don't have the step with seating the bead with a tire lever, which is what makes the difference. The official Stan's guide starts off with using soapy water, not as a resort if you have problems.
The Allez would be much too small then, but the other two bikes should be OK. 56cm is more likely with modern bikes, maybe 58cm with vintage bikes. My impression is that the seller of the Allez got the size of the bike totally wrong which isn't uncommon on Craigslist. Trust your eyes over what the seller says for judging size.
Note that's a road sizing guide, mountain bikes and most hybrids are sized differently (both the unit (inches) and the size frame you need). I'd also say it suggests bikes too big for every single height, a common thing with guides like this. &gt;Bike Frame Size: 60 - 62 cm Height: 6'0 - 6'3" Inseam Length: 32.5" - 34" That's where I fall 6'2, 34" and I ride a 56 and a 58. Though others my height would be better on 60cm. Mountain bikes I ride an 18" and a 19". Though very cheap Walmart type mountain bikes like the three you found you need a bigger size as they are shorter in length compared to more expensive bikes, I would need a 21". I think that's why these guides are wrong because they are based around fitting Walmart type bikes. &gt;How do I tell how big the bike is if they don't list the size? Have to do it by eye, compare the height of the frame to the wheels (you need to account for if the bike has smaller 26" mountain bike wheels or larger 700c road bike wheels) and look at how long the top tube is. Here's some ideas: **Good bike** Not many options $300-$550 road bikes right now, the only option that isn't way overpriced is this https://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/bik/5090487204.html - looks pretty good, especially if they accepted a slightly lower offer, but still OK at the asking price. It's a great bike too http://www.bikeradar.com/gear/category/bikes/road/product/review-kona-honky-tonk-13-47733/ Don't be put off by it being steel, steel of the quality used on this bike is nicer to ride than aluminium, it is actually more expense. Otherwise here's a couple of cheaper options for $225 (also high quality chromo steel frame), but they are a lot older than that Kona (the Kona looks about 5 years old but these are 20-30 years), wouldn't be quite as nice and don't have integrated shifters https://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/bik/5077714017.html https://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/bik/5076884678.html **Cheap bike** https://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/bik/5063093730.html (needs a new seat, looks like condition may not be great) https://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/bik/5043956881.html - this is a good deal, has a chromo frame https://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/bik/5090487204.html - If you can stretch to $140 you would have two nice bikes if you got this and it's not too big - I would buy this bike if I lived in Chicago. Would have cost $2000 or so when it was new. Has very high quality, durable parts that were almost top of the range. It is well underpriced and will only increase in value if you keep it in good condition. This is so good it would be a smart buy as an investment even if you didn't ride it. https://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/bik/5064707504.html - Could consider but a bit overpriced Edit - am pretty confident all of these bikes would fit you
Bike 1: Has shiny paint to imitate more expensive bikes and is not as good quality as it looks. The price is high, but still cheaper than new. Bike 2: This looks bad and like a kid's bike or for someone very short. It has smaller than normal wheels. How tall are you? Bike 3: This has very shiny paint to imitate more expensive bikes, it is not a good bike to buy. Suspension is not cheap, cheap suspension is heavy and crap. Avoid bikes like this. Suggestions: http://cartagenadeindias.olx.com.co/bicicleta-rin-26-1-mes-de-uso-iid-809932379 - This is similar quality as bike 1 but for a fraction of the price. This would be a good deal anywhere. http://cartagenadeindias.olx.com.co/bicicleta-todo-terreno-iid-813548765 - This bike would be great for riding around town if the GT is too small for you or has sold. It is old but it is a much better bike than it looks.
Did you forget to include a link to the bike in question?
It's actually a little complicated (but only takes about 10 seconds with practice) and I believe it only works in the 3 door coupe version, not the 5 door, though I am sure there are other hatchback coupes this would work with: Slide passenger seat forward if it isn't already and fold seats, open boot/trunk. Stand behind the boot/trunk on the driver's side of the car with the bike on the passenger side (this sounds pedantic but if you don't get this part right, like you're on the wrong side of the bike, it doesn't work). Lift the bike up with both hands, the rear hand the seat tube is the best place to grab, lift the front wheel over the boot lid and then you do a bunch of stuff at the same time - twist the bars towards you a bit so they clear the hatchback entrance, lean the bike over on it's side with the wheels towards the passenger side, lift the rear end of the bike up to clear the chainring and push it forwards. Usually have to shuffle it forwards a couple of times unless it's something small and light like a road bike. With my old DH bike it was easiest if the front seat was folded too. Repeat with second bike (load biggest/heaviest bike first and put a blanket over it to protect the paint). Unloading is easier. If don't have good core strength or your bike is heavy you risk scratching the paint (usually with pedal or chainring or the handlebars on the hatch rim) but I've been doing it for a few years now and only put a couple of small chips in the hatch entrace. Edit - Here's a pic of my old (well I still have it) DH bike loaded http://imgur.com/cwksgTJ
To answer your question about the widest tires it can run, it's hard to say. There is no specification for the maximum tire width unfortunately. It depends on how much room there is around the brakes more than the tires with those kind of brakes. Usually with those brakes the widest you can run is 25mm. I just looked up "Tektro R350 28mm" and there are reports of tires rubbing on the brakes with 28mm, so probably 25mm, which is barely worth swapping from the stock 23s - I have bikes I plan to swap to 25 but I'm waiting for the 23 tires to wear out first. You could change the brakes to a different kind to get more clearance but it would be cheaper and better to get a cyclocross bike to begin with if you want to run fatter tires. The primary difference between road and CX is that CX bikes are designed so they can take (and come with) fatter tires that are more suited to offroad.
Before something as drastic as swapping to drop bars, there are other options with your setup to consider imo. For one thing you don't currently have bar ends. I went cycle touring on my commuter MTB earlier in the year and had been worried about lack of hand positions and lack of extension. I normally hate riding any distance on the road on an MTB. I read something about bar ends being good and they were amazing. I rode on them most of the time and hands/back didn't get sore. Even better are bars like [these](http://www.sheldonbrown.com/scott.html) which are almost the right vintage for your bike. I actually just bought a pair NOS from the LBS for $5 to replace the flat bar/bar end setup, but there are modern bars like this available. I also fitted a clip-on aerobar which was good for downhills and strong headwinds Swept back handlebars on mountain bikes like yours has were abandoned not long after your bike was made and have never made a comeback. They are a throwback to origin of mountain biking in Marin County in the 70s on modified beach cruisers. Also, how about lowering your stem? That would give you a little more drop and extension. My recommendation would be to get some standard MTB flat bars second hand and cheap bar ends or a bar like the Scott AT3 and see if you like that. Nothing wrong with the drop bar idea but it would likely be easier and cheaper to test out this first.
Cowbells are 31.8mm only so you'd need a new stem and possibly aheadset converter (not sure how available 31.8mm clamp quill stems are). A lot of current bars are 31.8 only (but not the Nitto)
His mic/radio could have been set to auto transmit
Cool - this thread from yesterday in /r/bicycletouring may be of interest to you, someone else with an old Trek Singletrack wanting to convert it to drop bars for touring: http://www.reddit.com/r/bicycletouring/comments/3bam48/nitto_dirt_drop_handlebars_rm013/
It's a lot easier to wear them out playing FPS games due to overuse and abuse of certain keys, the wasd keys and spacebar respectively.
It doesn't stop recording automatically, or it never has done for me. How would it know you had finished your ride and not just stopped for lunch or something? There should be an obvious button to stop recording.
I think this is a shameless cash in on the small market of idiots that have too much money and have to have the latest weird gadgets.
How much does it weigh?
I would choose the Bolt if you will be riding in good weather. This is a rare case where the cheapest bike looks like the best. The most significant point is the weight of the bikes: The Bolt is a little on the heavy side for a flat bar hybrid of that kind of price at 27.3lb, but the Voltage is positively portly at more than 3lbs heavier - you would notice that riding going up hills and in the handling of the bike. The alu frame on the other two bikes actually seems like a downgrade with this in mind, aluminium is usually specced to make a lighter bike - chromoly is generally accepted to be more comfortable to ride, although it is heavier - but in this case the chromoly bike is lighter. Apart from brakes and the frame and the weight there looks to be little difference between them. The differences between the drivetrain, wheels etc are minimal. The cable discs on the Voltage are likely to be less powerful than the Bolt's rim brakes except in extreme conditions, and are for the most part a gimmick. The Tesla has hydraulics so they should be decently powerful (although Tektro doesn't have a good reputation for disc brakes), but you don't need them unless you will be riding in very bad conditions (like wet and muddy offroad trails). Disc brakes are only more powerful in wet/muddy conditions and make most sense on mountain bikes where rims getting muddy and affecting braking is a problem. &gt;we offer options for both fully rigid or with front suspension because smooth paved roads shouldn’t be your only option! I used to live in Vancouver and this isn't true, you don't need suspension unless you are doing proper mountain bike trails like at Whistler or on the North shore. And you need a mountain bike for trails like that. Suspension forks on bikes like this is for the comfort of the frail/overweight/elderly that have trouble absorbing bumps with their arms. The Bolt seems like it would be a great bike for riding around the beaches and Seawall etc. I used to like riding out past Kitsilano to UBC and then into the easy trails in the endowment lands and back along Marine Drive and up Cambie or another street, that's a good ride
I was in the same boat (coming from MTB background) and I just looked at second hand bikes until there was a sweet deal.
I don't like the look of either of those bikes personally. 1. They have suspension forks 2. They are 17.2 and 15.6kg (heavy) The first bike looks very poor, the second one looks better and is 2kg lighter but I would still not choose it. Reasons for not getting a suspension fork: * At this budget, a suspension fork means big compromises to the rest of the spec, e.g. lower quality drivetrain and other parts * At this budget, you can only get [crappy Suntour or similar brand forks](http://www.reddit.com/r/MTB/comments/3b11hn/suntour_forks_recalled_due_to_crash_hazard/) that a lot of people prefer rigid to. * At this budget suspension forks add 2-3kg weight to the bike * It's very hard to run a front rack with a suspension fork * If you are riding on rocky/bumpy terrain at a speed where you actually need a suspension fork to stay in control of the bike, you are probably going to break your rear wheel or rear rack. * Rigid forks are almost infinitely less likely to go wrong while on a tour, especially compared to crappy Suntour forks. Reasons for getting a suspension fork on a bike like this: * You are elderly/frail/overweight and have trouble absorbing bumps with your arms * All of your touring is offroad or on roads like in the Paris-Roubaix - but the forks on these bikes aren't good enough. Notice a lot fewer of the more expensive touring bikes come with a suspension fork I don't like the style of handlebars on the first bike as they limit you to a single hand position. The bars on the second type of bike you can fit bar ends which help a lot with allowing you to move your hands around. I had a look at both of those sites and I found two bikes I would recommend to someone with cycling experience. They are a bit out of your price range, having fairly high end parts (that are worth investing in if you want a bike that lasts a long time and will take care of it) but you don't have to spend so much, though there isn't a cheaper version of either of these bikes with lower grade parts I could see from Ortler, at least on that site. You should be able to find similar looking bikes in your budget from other brands (possibly without supplied racks - you can get pretty much the same thing as the flat bar one by buying a hybrid bike and adding racks - also many touring bikes are sold without racks as people have their own rack preference): Flat bars: http://www.bikester.se/387448.html - 12.5kg - looks like it may not have rack mounts on the front fork which is not a great point if so with this particular bike, but there are plenty of similar bikes that have them. Drop bars: http://www.bikester.se/386510.html - 15kg but comes with front rack - this looks like a great deal compared to bikes like the Surly LHT
The Quick is probably one of the best value of the bikes on that site, I'd say with that price difference the Quick is a marginally better deal. The bikes are a bit different though, the Quick has a more laidback ride position, comes with fatter tires and gears from a mountain bike, the BTWIN is a bit sportier and comes with thinner road tires (though not too skinny) and gearing from a road bike. It would be faster on the road but not as competent offroad. I'd also test ride the Cannondale Bad Boy - from looking at the frame geometry I would pick it as the likely the most fun and rewarding bike to ride out of the ones you picked out (but probably not as comfortable or practical as others), though it's on the cheap side for a bike with disc brakes (ie they probably won't be very good disc brakes and it will be heavy).
We can't really recommend a saddle for you because we don't have your butt. A useful measurement is the width of your sit bones (or the width of a saddle you find comfy) - this can help with identifying whether a saddle will fit your butt or not. In a similar situation with a road bike I bought a job lot of a shoebox full of saddles for $20 from the local auction/classifieds site to test out. But it would be a lot harder to find a bunch of leather touring saddles to do the same thing with (and a lot less would fit in a shoebox...). One idea would be to find a bike shop that has demo saddles for testing. A couple of my LBS have a bunch of bright yellow saddles they lend out for this purpose - they may also have touring saddles for this but I've never asked or noticed. But it might end up being a case of what many of us have done, all you can do is buy saddles and if they aren't comfy for you sell them.
Based on the pic the biggest piece of advice is to avoid a common beginner mistake. Don't weigh your bike down with so much accessories in the aim of being well prepared that it's a heavy rattling heap that's not fun to ride anymore. Don't bring locks unless you will be locking up the bike, don't bring lights unless you will be riding at night, don't bring toolkit/pump/water unless you are riding a long way. It's like going running with a bunch of crap in your pockets.
&gt;gripping too hard? You shouldn't be gripping hard - cycling is like driving and a lot of other sports (e.g. golf, tennis) where it is poor technique to grip hard.
If I had that much locks I would carry them in my backpack. Got to say if theft is really that bad this bike is going to be a target because it is shiny and new - if you really want to play it safe you're best getting a second bike for like $75 from Craigslist to ride if you will be locking up outside. You can also make the bike look temporarily worse with stickers, pieces of tape, splodges of bathroom sealant and stuff like that to make it less attractive to thieves
The lady always seems to have a frown on her face, but she's given me an extra fish a couple of times, think she just has that look naturally. I like Wing Long too but more for the Chinese.
That's all good but OP bought the bike new and can take it back to the shop for a full refund. I doubt many people are that keen to learn fixing bikes they would keep a faulty bike when they can just return it instead. If they had got the bike free/cheap like you did then fixing it up would be a good call.
I'm also interested in this - with MTBs there is noticably better grip and lower rolling resistance, but I think a lot of that's down to being able to use lightweight normal tires run at a low pressure. Thicker sidewalls on tubeless road tires would surely take some of that advantage away. There was a survey post in here and a lot of people were saying they'd had no flats in several thousand miles
You could look at building your own wheels with a beefier rim/more spokes in the rear, or Chinese carbon may not be a bad option.
&gt;I like the bike I currently have, but it needs a few changes. New chain, wider bars, shorter stem, and new brakes. After all of that, I have a really solid XC bike. None of that is very expensive if you shop around and look in bargain bins except for the brakes, unless you found a second hand set on eBay. With older bikes my philosophy is to put second hand parts on them. &gt;At that point, I consider just consider replacing it. That way I get new hydraulic brakes, a more modern fork, wider bars, a tapered headset, and 1×11 or 2×11 drivetrain. Only if you're spending a lot more than $400. You need to spend at least $1500-2000 to get the most of the newer tech. &gt;Conundrum 2: If I do get a new bike, is it the best to go with a new XC bike, or get a trail bike? I am most familiar with XC, and what I ride locally does not require full suspension and a XC bike is much better for climbing. That said, as I continue to reenter the sport, I would like to travel east and west to where there are more aggressive and faster places to ride that a trail bike would be better for. Look at XC orientated trail bikes with 100-120mm of travel like the Giant Anthem X, they climb great but also handle bikepark type riding surprisingly well. Would say they were more versatile than a hardtail. Cycling doesn't have to be that expensive if you are prepared to get used bikes/parts.
You would be able to ride it almost for sure but it probably wouldn't be comfortable for more than very short trips and would likely be mildy dangerous/hard to control compared to a proper fitting bike. I'd recommend getting a bike that's the right size unless you want to risk getting put off cycling before you've even started. It's better to go a bit too small than too big because with a bike too small you can make adjustments to it, but there's not much you can do if the bike is too big.
[This](http://ep1.pinkbike.org/p4pb5887352/p4pb5887352.jpg) is more like the size you want (using another GT outpost as example) - see how much lower the top of the seat tube is compared to the back wheel
In New Zealand this joke would work particularly well as beer and bear are pronounced the same.
You could try smoking a bit of legal pot while you're in WA and see if that does anything for you?
I run aerobars on my mountain bike with riser bars and bar ends, I don't use them a huge amount but they are nice to have sometimes and are what I hang my DIY handlebar bag off. I mostly used them to go down hills without being blasted by the wind or when riding into headwinds
Looks like a good route - though it's a shame you don't have a bit more time to see northern parts of the Island too. If you could stretch another week I'd highly recommend it. If you've got time planned in Christchurch to check out the city/recover from jetlag apart from this itinerary I'd cut that out in favour of more time on the road A few things I would consider: - Christchurch plains are not great cycling, especially if heading inland from the coast. I would see if it's possible to catch the bus with your bike to Geraldine or at least Ashburton. The Inland Scenic Route you would join at Mt. Somers is fairly pleasant (but could be skipped compared to what you'll be seeing elsewhere), but the ride to get to it uphill across the plains won't be pleasant. This would free up some extra time in your schedule and you could possibly look to make it to Tekapo on the first night (or have an easier day and stop in Fairlie). - Your longest day in distance also has a 971m pass to climb over, and several of the days appear very tough to me considering the amount of climbing they will feature - you may be a lot fitter than me and used to stuff like that, but just thought I'd check you're not just looking at linear distance. - Your route to Queenstown goes through the Kawarau Gorge which is considered quite dangerous - plan to ride outside of rush hour/not on a public holiday. - Unless you are keen on the challenge of the Crown Range climb I might fly back to Wanaka from Milford Sound rather than Queenstown to again free up some extra time. The Crown Range is a great drive and would be a real achievement to climb, but the scenery isn't particularly spectacular by the standards of other things you will have seen. - Hokitika is a nicer town to stop in for the night than Greymouth imo - You could use the extra time saved for more rest days to check things out/go hiking, use it to carry on up the West Coast to Westport and fly back to chch from there (the road from Greymouth to Westport is amazing), climb Arthur's pass and catch the train from the top, take a side detour to the Jackson Bay or several other places, plenty of possibilities.
That should be enough time if you keep a good pace - you can always catch a bus/train/plane back to ChCh if you're running out of time. I wouldn't recommend riding from Christchurch to Dunedin via the coast, it's one of the worst stretches of road in the country for cycle touring. Dunedin to Invercargill can be very nice if you take a scenic route through the Catlins, but if you're limited on time I might give anywhere south of Queenstown/Cromwell apart from Te Anau/Milford Sound a skip. So my thoughts would be to keep your current route if heading south, get a bus if you can to Ashburton or Geraldine but at Greymouth instead of taking the train keep heading up the West Coast and then towards Nelson and then Picton (via Queen Charlotte Drive) and Blenheim if you have the time. Golden Bay via Motueka Valley and back via the coast is a fantastic side trip. Nelson area probably has the best network of cycle routes in the country. SH1 from Blenheim to Christchurch is not great for cycle touring though and I would bus or catch the train back (it's a very scenic train journey) unless you want to head up and over the gravel Molesworth Road towards Hanmer Springs (if you're in NZ when it's open). Another option would be to go the other direction around and get a bus to Hanmer Springs or bus/train to Picton and start from there, from Hanmer over the Lewis Pass to Westport, from Picton over Queen Charlotte Drive through the Marlborough sounds towards Nelson and then Westport (potentially via Hanmer Springs if you wanted to tackle the alpine gravel Rainbow Road) and head down the West Coast and do the rest of the way like your route but in reverse. In general take a bus or train rather than ride along SH1/the East Coast (other than if it's just for a few km), and the same with the area around Christchurch.
Both are actually valid shortened forms, the full name is "hippedy dippity wickety cricketies, whippy whoppy wickety crickets"
Yeah or just get the bus/fly there from ChCh and start from there
&gt; that's like 70% of their TV Maybe 3 or 4% of the schedule on the main channels is panel shows in reality
Watch channels that aren't shit
The sceptic in me thinks they're trying to maximise the size of the bill at the end of it.
That's a very low price for a 2013 bike with Dura Ace. The model cost $2300 in the past, though not sure which year. When bikes are being sold for less than half what the asking price would normally be I'm always suspicious of stolen bikes but there are no red flags with the listing. My guess is it's someone who has more money than sense.
The local store did a good job recommending that bike and advising against a cruiser. Cruisers are only good for cruising. 1- You can read a bunch of written explanations of this but it's probably best to learn by looking up some Youtube videos. There are tons of 'how to' instructional cycling channels. This looks like a good one to start with (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4ok96KDfpE) - there are tons more in the sidebar. 2- Read [this page/site](http://bicyclesafe.com/)(bicycle safe - How not to get hit by cars), it looks a bit crappy and old skool in terms of design but it is by far the best site, it teaches you the stuff that really matters. Just by reading that one page you will have more road smarts and be safer than a lot of bikers on the road. Riding on the sidewalk in most states is illegal (I don't know about where you are) and is actually more dangerous than the road in most situations. 3- Best thing is to find a grass field in a park or somewhere so it doesn't hurt if you fall off and push your boundaries on the bike, turning hard, braking hard etc. Mountain bikers sometimes practice falling off the bike on purpose in conditions like this, you can learn how to fall off the bike and not hurt yourself too. Especially familiarise yourself with using the front brake to stop quickly (start gently and build up), that way if you ever have to stop suddenly for real when out on the road you won't panic brake/collapse your arms (due to not anticipating the force involved) and go over the bars. 4- Cycling gloves are also well worth getting, they have a bunch of important benefits: They stop you from getting blisters on your palms, they give you better grip on the handlebars and most importantly for a beginner they protect your hands in minor crashes. Often with the kind of low speed crashes beginners have the only injury afterwards is a grazed palm/gravel embedded in the skin from putting a hand down on the ground - gloves prevents this. A pump with a pressure gauge is important to have. If you don't run your tires at the proper pressure you will get a lot of punctures and possible problems with wheel damage. You should check/top up the air in your tires every few weeks. A lot of beginners skimp on a decent pump and have this problem. Judging by feel rather than a gauge most people think the tires are hard enough when they're about half the pressure they're supposed to be. Other commenters may tell you you need a bunch more stuff like lights, a lock, minipump, minitool, spare tube hydration etc but you only need those if you are going to be using them - lights only if you ride at night, lock only if you're locking the bike up, and the rest only if you're going for long rides - you don't need a minitool, spare tube etc if you're only riding a couple of miles from home and could just push the bike back.
Whenever there's a video with a driver spinning off the road there's always a huge debate in the comments about how his technique controlling the oversteer in the corner was the cause of the accident and how he could have saved it. But 9 times out of 10 the real mistake/bad practice of the driver and lesson to be learned happened before they lost control, not afterwards.
Depends what route you take and if you do several options for sidetrips. The quickest route would be via Reefton and then straight along highway 6, but I would strongly recommend going via Westport, the route along the coast of Paparoa National Park and then Lower Buller Gorge is one of the most scenic rides in the world where as the Grey Valley isn't that interesting and is fairly bleak and open to headwinds coming down from the mountains. [This](http://imgur.com/ZLeROoE) is probably the nicest route to take to Picton via road, the detours to St. Arnaud and Motueka would add a day each onto the trip with St. Arnaud involving a fair bit of climbing, but are worthwhile and on quieter roads than the busier stretch of SH6 into Nelson. The highway to St. Arnaud is very quiet as are the roads from there up towards Tapawera. The Motueka Valley is a very scenic and pleasant area, the main road is fairly quiet but you can turn onto the West Bank road part way up which is almost deserted to traffic. From Motueka there is a very nice purpose built cycle trail ([Great Taste Trail](http://nzcycletrail.com/trails/tasmans-great-taste-trail/)) all the way to the other side of Nelson. Golden Bay is worth a detour from Motueka but it would be a day each way, there's a very big climb to get there. Similar with Karamea from Westport. You could do this in 6-7 days if you are able to cover those distances every day, but it would be worth planning a few rest days in or breaking up the journey, I'd get as much time as you can also so you don't feel rushed, there's tons of stuff to stop and look at, and it will let you be more flexible. One example of a way to make the route nicer but adding an extra half rest day would be rather than going Greymouth to Westport in one day, going from Hokitika (which is a nicer place to stop for the night than Greymouth imo) to [Punakaiki](http://www.punakaikibeachcamp.co.nz/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/header-background-1600x4001-1600x400.jpg) instead, you get to spend an evening there which is well worth doing. Then head up to Westport and spend a half day rest day there. Edit - Forgot to say I'd recommend catching the train from Blenheim back to ChCh, the road is scenic but very busy with high speed traffic and often narrow, and I would rather train that than miss out on stuff further west.
&gt; I ended up ghosting pretty much on said tool ? If she is liking your stuff on Facebook then she is almost certainly receptive to you. For your opening message, what's wrong with a simple "Hi, how's it going?" or something like that
&gt; POS Walmart equivalent There is no Walmart equivalent to a bike like an FSR, even an old one from the bottom of the range. It might look like a shitty Mongoose but that's only because Mongoose copied the look. They didn't copy the four bar horst linkage or the quality materials used. We might laugh and scoff at how dated it looks but it's still a good mountain bike in comparison to Walmart shit.
Yeah, a guy I bought some forks off had a '98 or '99 Shaun Palmer edition FSR DH pimped out with Boxxer World Cups and XTR and it was one of the best looking bikes I've seen - the geometry was quite similar to a modern trail bike and the guy said it was still amazing to ride. Was the same frame as [this](http://i1288.photobucket.com/albums/b482/bike-rider-1980/palmerfsr_zps6b365743.jpg)
I'm guessing he raised the stem past the max extension point? It looks like that from the photo (I think I can see the max extension line), that would be likely to cause the fork and stem/bars to seperate while riding. Not sure why he'd need to pay for any labour unless the fork is actually broken (looks alright in the photo), replacing bars and wheels doesn't need any special tools and is an easy and light job. Would also say it would be kind of nuts to buy new parts at full price for an old road bike when you can get old parts for free or a few bucks. I've got 3 spare sets of wheels for old road bikes that I found at the local recycling centre and from a bike that was in a skip as well as spare handlebars from the same kind of sources. Your local bike co-op would most likely give you a wheel and handlebars for free, mine has actually too many spare parts like that and can't accept any more. Also check Freecycle and Craigslist. Chances are most bikes that are spares/repair will have a good front wheel and handlebars. It's entirely realistic to have that bike back on the road for completely free as long as you aren't in a massive rush to do so, if it is just the wheel and bars. It looks like a good quality frame that is worth the effort.
Direct would be simply "You want to hang out?" Your message has way more to it than that.
&gt;I have an old GT I use as my daily rider so this bike will be ridden less often but I'd like to use it to ride trails and road. The main thing I would say is it's not realistic to expect a new bike to be better than your existing bike both on and off-road. Assuming the old GT is an old mountain bike that looks a bit like [this](http://fcdn.mtbr.com/attachments/vintage-retro-classic/357683d1209935234-official-gt-thread-img_0036.jpg) If you get a new mountain bike it won't be as good as the GT for riding on the road, or not without modification that makes it worse off-road. If you got a new road oriented bike it wouldn't be as good as the GT offroad. You would also cause expensive rapid wear of the offroad tires on a new mountain bike by riding it on the road a lot. My advice would be fix up your GT so it's better for road cycling by putting slick tires on it if you haven't already and buy a new bike that will be just for offroad use. The Specialized looks really poor for the price and so I wouldn't recommend it - $1100 for Suntour forks and Tektro brakes. You want forks and brakes that aren't from those brands if you want a real mountain bike. Rock Shox/Marzocchi/Fox forks and Shimano/Avid/Hayes brakes. The higher in the range the forks are the better. Have you test ridden any bikes? Impressions from test riding should be the main factor in your decision.
I think that is normal if you're in a relationship with someone, even with a good friend - I'd only see it as manipulative if you aren't on close terms with the person you're interacting with.
Not saying this is bad advice, but I think comparing buying a used bike to a used car is not the best analogy. It's a lot easier to spot things that are wrong with a bike to someone who isn't an expert than with a car - the drivetrain, structure/frame, steering etc is right there to visually inspect the condition of rather than hidden away and there's no complicated engine, cooling, electrical and suspension systems. You can pick the bike up and drop it on the ground from a couple of inches to see how it rattles etc and lift it and spin the wheels, which you can't do with a car. Some people might not think to do that but it's more common sense to the layman than something like checking the oil dipstick with a car, and it's not like you need to be an expert to see if a wheel spins freely. On a bike there's no engine to go wrong, there's no equivalent to a worn cambelt breaking or head gasket leak and bikes are a lot cheaper and easier to repair, especially if you have a local bike co-op. I think you just had bad luck to be honest to get caught out like that.
&gt;Is size just dependent on what is comfortable? Yes, but only in the same way as shoes. If you had no idea what shoe size fits you it would make shopping for shoes more difficult and you wouldn't order a shoe online. But you can tell without a measuring if you're a size 12 that a shoe inches shorter than your foot isn't going to fit, and you know if a shoe fits when you try it on - it's like that with bikes (although bikes can be adjusted a bit). Also like shoes, fit varies with different brands and models of bike, and there is more to a perfect fitting shoe/bike than just one measurement - hence some shoes come in narrow, standard and wide versions. Bikes come in different styles to suit how stretched out you want to be while riding. At 6'2 you will want a bike somewhere between 56 and 62cm depending on your proportions and the bike. I am the same height and ride 56 and 58. &gt;Is Craigslist a good place to look? Yes, as a new road bike worth buying costs at least $600 from a bike shop or $400 discount mail order (mail order is a bad idea for your first road bike) but you can get something good for a lot cheaper from Craigslist. If you outgrow it or end up not cycling much you also lose far less money selling it on again. &gt;I'd like to keep it somewhat cheap but I'm not against spending a little extra for something that will last. Best plan is to get an older, higher quality bike - You can get very good quality bikes from the 80s - early 2000s for cheap on Craigslist. Beware of cheap nearly new bikes with shiny paint, they are usually not a good buy. Another reason to get a better quality bike is you will enjoy riding it more, so it's more likely to get more use and be a good investment. A good next step towards buying a bike if you want more help would be to look at bikes on your local Craigslist and make a new post asking for opinions on any you are interested with links to the listings
Every approximation/calculator for how much effort it takes to pedal weight uphill treats the bike and rider as though they are a motorcyclist that sits still on the bike with the engine making constant power. In reality the uneven torque from pedaling and movement of the rider causes the bike to be constantly accelerated and decelerated while climbing a hill.
&gt; titanium pots instead of steel Aluminium pots are as light as titanium and as cheap as steel. The reason to buy titanium is for sturdiness compared to aluminium, not weight saving. Steel pots are not a good idea for hiking or cycle touring, they are more for car camping. &gt;ultralight fabrics instead of regular But ultralight fabrics aren't more expensive than regular ones, in fact it's often the other way around. The thicker and sturdier types of Goretex are more expensive for example. &gt;down jackets with high-loft goose down instead of synthetic I am sceptical there is much of a difference in price between a syntentic jacket of equivalent warmth to a cheap down jacket. All those things except for steel pots make barely any difference in weight. The things that really make a difference to the average tourer are stuff like bringing one pot instead of 4 different size cooking pots, a toast rack and frying pan, not carrying four days worth of dried food when you're riding past supermarkets every day, using a basic stove if you're not crossing Siberia or something like that, avoiding carrying glass jars and tin cans, not bringing three different types of shoes, I could go on. Lightweight is 90% about what you choose to take, not how much you have to spend - sure, if you throw a load of money around you can get that other 10% too, but it's never the major factor.
What part of your arms? Just trying to get an idea of what could be causing it. It could be nothing, sore arm/shoulder/back muscles are normal after cycling especially if you're not used to it, it's a good workout - especially with mountain biking my shoulders and forearms feel pumped afterwards and I can be quite sore the next day after a long ride with big descents, and I've been riding for years But if it's your wrists, hands or elbows that hurt it's more likely to be because the bike isn't set up right for you.
There's way more good options for chain lube than Triflo - imo Triflo is too light. I like Finish Line or Muc-Off.
Sure, but no real world rider has a perfect pedaling technique as if they were on a motorcycle - it means that all the calculations underestimate the effect of weight on hill climbing.
I read through that and I am not convinced by the reasoning used. It's simple physics that any change of momentum requires energy. If you drive up a hill by stamping on the gas pedal of your car every couple of seconds and then taking your foot off you will use significantly more gas on the climb than if you kept the same average speed with a steady pedal position. You could use the same logic as used in that discussion to say it doesn't matter because the engine has a flywheel and rotational momentum - but in reality while that helps compared to an engine without a flywheel, fuel consumption is still a lot higher. Any inconsistent power output when facing a strong resistance force that causes the vehicle to slow quickly with power taken off (like climbing a hill or going into a gale force headwind) causes repeated changes in momentum through acceleration and deceleration wasting energy.
Yeah if you don't feel like you are leaning too far forward on the bike that sounds like that's just normal from getting used to riding, the muscles you are using will get stronger/fitter and hurt less the more you ride. If you do feel like you're leaning forward, it may be either that you have a short torso/arms for your height or that you're out of shape a bit. That's a very upright bike compared to all the others we looked at except the Cannondale. I might keep riding that bike until you are comfortable on it with the handlebars lowered all the way down (loosen the bolt on top of the steerer until the stem drops down then tighten again) before looking at a better bike as most better bikes will put more pressure on your arms. Or get the Cannondale - it's a good bike for a beginner building fitness at a decent price and you'd have more fun than what you're riding now.
That was the only possibility I could see to justify what they said, if it also needed to be done on the server-side but you weren't aware of that (and even then it's not 'a lot of work' unless any change at all to the codebase is 'a lot of work'). If it's client side only I disagree with the people saying "You don't know about what might be involved at their end". The only possible reason I can see for their response is incompetence. I would have suspected playing you for a fool to maximise their hours but they suggested just changing some text instead.
If it's the stock components you don't like, what would a new frame do to solve that?
No, I have a different wheel
That's awesome, very nice work
It didn't look like they were going that fast and it was a FWD car, my thoughts are either bald tires on a cold damp road and/or the corner tightened and they panic braked.
Who makes RWD car that looks like that?
People will upvote it because it made them laugh/it's quality content, it's not all about if you're smart enough to tell if it's fiction or not.
The blue and purple are a bad choice for colorblind people and the contrast would be considered poor by accessibility standards too so there's no possible excuse from that area. This is one of the worst examples of change for changes sake I can think of. The person that thought this was a good idea needs a slap.
They may not want to redesign the website - they said they wanted to update it, which often means stuff like adding application forms for upcoming events, or the content if they still are using a static site, or updating the CMS. If they were wanting a redesign, depending on what platform their site is currently on or will be using, those templates/themes might not be compatible. Even if they are using Wordpress or Joomla or a static site, if they went out and picked one it could be one that would be very expensive to implement for their usage. A good web developer will help them find the cheapest way to achieve their aims, and that's not possible without a full understanding of their current setup/situation.
How old is the book? If the book is more than 15 years old that would have been normal practice. Though even then using an alt attribute of "spacer image" rather than "" is a laughable misunderstanding of the purpose of alt attributes.
Sitecake doesn't use a database, it just allows CMS-like editing of content - if you think Wordpress is underpowered in comparison you are fundamentally mistaken. It might well be suitable for your needs though if editing content is the only dynamic feature you want, and looks like it would be very easy to set up and use for a beginner that is used to working directly with HTML files. I wouldn't recommend Joomla because of its paid extensions. Drupal would be my choice for something more serious than Wordpress as its extensions/modules are all free, if you have a choice of which to use. But both have a steep learning curve for a beginner compared to Wordpress and someone who doesn't know what they're doing can easily end up spending many, many hours and end up with a website that's a real mess. I would recommend sticking to something simpler to begin with like Wordpress or Sitecake to avoid frustration.
I guess finding a competent web developer that uses dreamweaver to layout pages in order to write a book about web development with it would be like finding a competent carpenter who uses '[kids 69 piece tool set](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81TxXeIWVaL._SL1500_.jpg)' to write a book on building a house.
What you describe with the front shifter is normal even on much more expensive bikes, you get used to slightly overshifting after a short time and don't think about it any more.
There might occasionally be bikes where you don't need to overshift a little changing up a chainring, but it's very common, even with new Ultegra/XT level gear.
OP might not live in the USA, other countries have far tougher driving tests and standards for new drivers.
Durianrider's other channel CTFU cycling tips has some good laughs from time to time (although many videos are terrible), if you take anything he says seriously you're in for a bad time - it's more like /r/BicyclingCirclejerk in video format. [This](http://youtu.be/Fdy5wx416wo) I would give as an example of one of his funnier videos (wait for it).
There's not many options for cycling humour/comedy on Youtube. As long as you go into his videos with a mindset of not taking anything seriously they can be very entertaining (on the cycling tips channel only, I would say his other channels are just crap). Occasionally he puts out a video which is just good with no kind of agenda or trolling humour like this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9VLHmC0TIw
&gt;Edit: Oops I guess I shouldn't criticize WordPress on here. You are in for a very bad time with an attitude like this. You come here with a question that shows zero understanding of dynamic web development but somehow are an expert about the capabilities of CMS systems? Lose your know-it-all attitude and listen to what people are telling you. This is the best advice you will get all week. I say this as someone who hasn't built a site with Wordpress in over five years.
A lot of what he says is a bit of a circlejerk, going on about powermeters and compact cranks so much for example. I find him best for humour and he is quite good with motivation to get out and ride, but I would take all his tips/advice with a hefty pinch of salt. Would also say avoid the durianrider channel and just watch his cycling tips one.
What doesn't Wordpress have that you need?
Their post reads like some kind of slick advertising spiel - all gloss with buzzword wankery like 'optimise their web experience' - but the substance is deeply flawed. It epitomises what the sad state of web development is for me - a bunch of delusional people that think using 'x' latest thing and knowing the trendiest buzzwords makes them an expert.
What the fuck Australia?
Except for my shitty maths
The Airbourne is an incredible quality bike for $600 considering the quality of parts it has and the ti frame - I thought it looked an incredible deal, however it's a bit older than I thought and they don't seem to have held their value well according to Bluebook. That site does tend to undervalue some bikes though, and the bike does have some upgrades. It's not the most suitable bike for a first road bike unless you are looking to race triathlon/time trial. The Cannondale looks like a reasonable deal though I'm not sure how old it is. The wheels it has are definitely a plus. It is a more sensible choice than the Airbourne for a first road bike unless you are looking to race triathlon/time trials. The Kestrel might be a bit too big for a 6'1 rider, it has a very long top tube/reach to the bars, and is a fair bit older than the other two bikes - it's not a bad deal as it's a classic but it's probably a bike more suited for a collector.
They are recovered from fresh water, not seawater
It looks like a fair deal to me. I have a slightly older 4.7 and it's a great bike.
Cammer is level with the Golf at about 10.5s, they start to move back across at just about 15 seconds dead - so more like 4.5 seconds - 7 seconds later the Audi is ahead of them. It's quite possible your theory checks out and he was trying to block the Audi, it's hard to believe he didn't see it behind him earlier on in the overtaking move, but I don't think he was on the wrong side of the road for that huge an amount of time considering the overtaking situation. He started to overtake where the road straightened and the speed limit increased from 40 to 50mph (so the cars he's overtaking would also be accelerating), and eased off the gas once up to speed rather than keeping a foot down - it doesn't look like speeding by more than a few mph, if at all until chasing the Audi. My thoughts are they only stayed in the right lane 1 or 2 seconds longer than what might be normal, and it was a situation where there was no hurry to move back left. It is possible that cammer was focused on the road ahead with it being fairly narrow and bumpy and having parked vehicles next to the road and didn't see what was happening in the mirrors. It's not impossible that the Audi driver was speeding way over the limit catching up to the three cars and wasn't even behind cammer when they started overtaking, and is just incredibly impatient and aggressive Edit - on reflection, it could also be possible that they did see the Audi behind them but assumed they would pull over behind them once they pulled to the left, and waited until there was enough space for two cars to move left before doing so to avoid the Audi being stranded on the wrong side of the road - but the Audi decided to undertake at the same time cammer started moving left.
Chances are they paid extra for a protected no-claims bonus if they can afford a car like that.
Why is Evan's in the realm of Walmart? And not sure what your point is, unless you're suggesting everywhere except Evan's is doing badly.
A lot of people are suggesting things which are nice to have and essential if you were fixing bikes for a living, but are certainly not a 'bare minimum requirement' for a home mechanic. - Chain whip - [there are ways to hold the cassette solid without a chainwhip](https://www.crazyguyonabike.com/doc/?doc_id=6087). For me it's not worth it for the once a year I'd use it, and I'd rather practice the no-whip method so I have it down for if I need to change the cassette on a tour. - Workstand - Nice to have, but certainly not essential. - Truing stand - I would say this is specialized/trade level equipment and pretty much the opposite of a bare minimum. Truing isn't something you need to do unless you have a problem with your wheel or want to build one - it's possible you could buy it and never use it. You can true OK with the wheels still on the bike using the zip ties around the stays/fork legs as guides. You can also [make your own truing stand](http://www.bikehacks.com/bikehacks/2012/06/7-diy-bike-wheel-truing-stands.html) very cheaply/easily - I have one from forks with broken steerer and another with the rear triangle of a broken frame. Truing is also quite an art and is not as simple as other kinds of bicycle maintenance - people are more often happy to leave it to professionals than other jobs. - Large adjustible wrench - This is useful on old bikes for stuff like threaded headset adjustment, but I'm not clear where you'd use it on a good quality modern bike with pressfit BB and threadless headset like a Defy - I can't think of a single thing you'd use it for. - Snips/cable cutters - This is worth getting as ordinary pliers do a terrible job at cutting cables, but if you already have a Dremel or high speed rotary tool, use a cutoff wheel with that instead. It actually does a better (but not quite as quick) job than even trade quality cutters, there's no possibility of crushing the cable.
I agree with them that it's not worth buying at close to the current price and it would probably be a waste of time trying to negotiate with the seller.
Maybe not if it really is trashed as in the entire drivetrain needs replacing, though it's hard to say from such poor quality photos - what are you going on? Looking at the last two shots the shape of the chainring teeth doesn't look too bad. It does look at least well used though, and like they couldn't be bothered to clean it before taking photos. Seeing a 2013 $800 msrp road bike from a major brand for $250 would be like hen's teeth unless it's marked spares or repair or similar. The average Craigslist is full of people asking that much for old Schwinn 10 speeds.
&gt; Is there a specific term or bike style I should be looking for? No, there is no type of bike that is better for taller people, although you obviously want to avoid BMX bikes and beach cruisers. At 6'6 you should be able to fit on most manufacturers largest frame sizes - it shouldn't be that hard to find a bike. You don't give any info on where you've looked for bikes or why you've had problems. If you're looking at department stores they sell 'one-size-fits-all' junk and even if you were 5'10 and fit them perfectly it would be a waste of money - go to a proper bikeshop where they sell proper bikes that come in different frame sizes, or look for bikes on Craigslist
A mountain bike isn't a terrible idea, but that's a terrible mountain bike. I wouldn't recommend that bike to anyone for any purpose. It's not a good deal even at $570. They are worth very little second hand compared to bikes from other brands of similar price. Don't buy a bike from Canadian Tire/Walmart etc, go to a proper bike shop, or buy a bike from Kijiji/Craigslist. I believe in Toronto there's a few second hand bike shops too. $570 isn't enough to get a new mountain bike that's good quality with just front suspension, let alone full suspension. It's essentially an imitation of bikes that are more expensive with toy quality construction and parts and far inferior performance/reliability. If you tried to take it on actual mountain bike trails it would be difficult to ride and quickly fall apart. With the amount of cheap steel and low quality bearings it uses I would expect it to be rusted to fuck after a single winter. My advice would be to buy an old second hand mountain bike for cheap (like $100 or less - something like [this](http://toronto.craigslist.ca/tor/bik/5384116646.html)) to ride in the winter and a nicer hybrid bike like a Trek FX/Giant Escape/Specialized Sirrus for the summer. Any bike you ride in the snow and road salt is going to take some very harsh punishment and you aren't going to notice the performance benefits of a nicer new bike in those conditions so it makes sense to ride a crappy old bike. Edit - To illustrate how bad the Schwinn is, I'd rather ride that $60 Raleigh if you forced me to choose between them.
Something really needs to be done with the laws to make it harder for hit and run drivers caught on film to get away with it. I'm just waiting to hear this bitch gets away with it scot free/with a slap on the wrist, and probably will be granted name suppression 'to not harm her career' or some bullshit like that.
I doubt it, they are all steel as far as I know. But looks like they [can vary](http://adventuresinstoving.blogspot.co.nz/2013/03/the-new-msr-gas-canister.html), and bigger canisters have less weight per net unit of gas
&gt; shorter life span Source? My 1990 Cadex must be exceptional, or maybe you don't know shit about materials science and are talking out of your arse
Upgrading the groupset will make a very marginal difference at best to speed, as would 27.5 wheels. Better forks and tires and wider handlebars (it has extremely narrow handlebars for a mountain bike) would be the biggest upgrades you could make to improve speed and confidence offroad (at the cost of it not being as good on the road anymore and being less portable because of the wider bars). But it's never going to be a great mountain bike - I had looked up the Paratrooper, but I see now you say it has V-brakes, so I am guessing it's the Paratrooper Express. This makes it a lot less worth upgrading as a mountain bike due to it not having a disc mount on the frame, and also the amount of cheap parts that make upgrading complicated, for example the threaded steerer rather than threadless - you have to buy a new stem and headset to upgrade the forks, not just new forks. This doesn't mean it's a bad bike - just that it's far more suited as a commuter or bike for easy trails like farm tracks than as a proper mountain bike. It could be worth upgrading the groupset to get better reliability and performance as a commuter if you really like the bike. My advice would be to strongly consider getting a second bike rather than trying to make this one into something it isn't (and making it less good as a commuter at the same time). Keep this as your commuter/trekking bike, and look to get a proper mountain bike that isn't folding. Not that folding bikes are bad, but well made ones like this come with a huge price premium (and a weight premium). On Craigslist you could find a mountain bike that would significantly outperform the paratrooper express offroad for $300-400, something like this https://denver.craigslist.org/bik/5404228066.html. Even these older $100 MTBs https://denver.craigslist.org/bik/5386109292.html https://denver.craigslist.org/bik/5385923944.html have much better quality parts and would likely be faster than the Paratrooper Express offroad (just using Denver Craigslist as an example as I don't know where you live). I don't have a rack either but you can fit a bike inside almost all cars if you take both wheels off, hatchbacks and s/w often with the wheels still on. It's a little more hassle but that's the price to pay for having a high performance bike. Just put a blanket down first to protect the inside of your car.
&gt;I have no idea what makes one better than another It's not about one brand being better than another, nearly every major brand makes bikes from cheaper to very high quality. Some brands make extremely low quality, 'one-size-fits-all' bikes that more reputable brands wouldn't - the Schwinn is an example of this kind of bike. &gt;Cycle Solutions is way more expensive, it seems. I don't know the shop, but a proper bike shop is not more expensive. You are getting a higher quality bike that is more than worth the money over C Tire etc. Not just the bikes are better, at a proper bike shop the bike is assembled and tested by a professional mechanic and you have a free service tune-up to tighten cables etc a few weeks in, plus a good shop will often do small fixes/adjustments for free/cost of parts throughout the life of the bike. At a department store bikes are assembled by staff that have very minimal training and may not be cyclists themselves. Once you buy it you're on your own. Poor assembly is common with many examples in /r/bicycling of bikes spotted with important parts fitted [back-to-front](http://www.mtbe.co.uk/files/image_006_174.jpg) &gt;Could you offer some specific models you do like, and what makes it better than the Schwinn? Anything made by a proper brand like Norco, Kona, Brodie, Rocky Mountain (Canadian brands) or Trek, Specialized, Giant (international brands). The cycle industry is based on two tiers. The brands above make good, reliable bikes only. They value their reputations and are the innovators of the cycle industry. They make all their bikes in different sizes to suit riders of different sizes. Then there is the Department store/toy bike sector, which is dominated by several brands (Schwinn, Mongoose and Diamond Back) that used to be reputable US bike brands like the above, but were bought out about 15 years ago and reduced to just stickers used to put on the cheapest 'one-size-fits-all' Chinese and Vietnamese made bikes, designed to imitate the look of the bikes from the above brands to the layman, but with far inferior quality, performance and reliability. The suspension looks like suspension on more expensive mountain bikes to the layman, but it's flexy (inaccurate steering/deflection on bumps), much heavier, has no damping and is made from low grade steel which will quickly rust and sieze in winter conditions, rather than the aluminium/magnesium alloy on good quality suspension. Department store bikes are OK for the median usage of bikes in North America - which is being ridden 2 or 3 times a year in good weather in the summer - but if you are an active cyclist they are a terrible choice. Also, how tall are you? That Schwinn is only available in 19" it appears. &gt;I'm wary about used bikes, because I want to buy something that will last The quality (and simplicity) of a bike is FAR more important to how long it lasts than how old it is. Many people still ride around on well-made bikes from the 70s. If you want a bike about as complicated and expensive as it gets, a full suspension mountain bike with disc brakes, that will last, you either need to up your budget to $2000 or look at used bikes. $570 should buy you an OK new hybrid bike from Norco or Giant etc that would work OK as a year round commuter with different tires for the winter but trying to get a full suspension mountain bike with disc brakes that's good quality for that is totally unreallistic, unless you look at used bikes. &gt;The stolen bike market is huge in Toronto It's pretty easy to avoid stolen bikes if you're a little bit cautious. People that buy stolen bikes are 9 times out of 10 those that buy bikes that are 'too good to be true' - a bike worth $1000 being sold for $200. Stolen bike listings are easy to spot compared to real ones because the sellers don't know anything about the bike and are nearly always semi-illiterate. You also don't buy the bike based just on the listing - if you go to look at the bike and it's being sold by some kid that brought a skateboard with them then it's way more likely stolen than if it's someone in their 40s that came in a car with a bike rack or lets you go to their house. &gt;and I really don't want to support it in any way. Don't get a fancy looking new bike with shiny paint and lock it up on the street. I would try very hard indeed to make room for two bikes. If you can already store one bike, another bike leaned closely against it only takes up a few cm more room.
Alloy bars can crack/snap too, I don't think there's much difference other than it's wiser to replace carbon bars after a crash.
It's pretty rainy here in NZ. I have discs on my mountain bikes but happy with rim brakes on my road/touring bikes. I don't mind having to be a bit more careful in the wet and I don't find wet braking that bad with good pads like Kool Stop Salmon - I'd rather save a couple of pounds weight on the hills.
Looks like you forgot a link?
Think the Prius must have gone across two lanes and cut off the 4WD approaching fast behind leaving it with nowhere to go.
Cammer was going a lot slower than every single other vehicle on the road and still got in an accident. I'd say this video is a good illustration of how choosing to drive at a significantly slower pace than traffic is flowing at can counter-intuitively put you in more danger. &gt;the Solomon curve shows that the greater the difference between a driver’s speed and the average speed of traffic—both above and below that average speed—the greater the likelihood of involvement in a crash.[18] Consequently, many states and safety organizations advise drivers to “drive with the flow of traffic”.[14] [Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solomon_curve)
Yeah it's not the best looking bike of all time, but if you compared them side by side the quality of finish on the parts would be quite superior, it would look better close up/in person. &gt;Do you think offering $200 would be a lowball? I'd be happy to pay 230. It's a fair asking price rather than an inflated one inviting a lower offer. Don't talk about price until you're with the seller and the bike and ready to do the deal. Shouldn't do any harm to offer them $200, but if they say they want the full $230 I would just accept and pay it - you might not see another bike that's as suitable and good a deal for a while.
It's not on a different level in price, but it's for sure on a different level in quality, which is what matters if you want to get the best bike you can. The Mercier is objectively a far better bike for the price, Claris vs Tourney is no comparison. It's simply that the Mercier is much better value as a new bike than the Giant. This tends to mean it's also much better value second hand The main disadvantages of Bikes Direct is that you have to assemble the bike and you can't see or test ride it before purchase - but with a second hand bike there is no worry about that.
[[Edit - Holy shizzballs batman what a response! Thanks so much for the magnanimous votes and Reddit Gold folks keeping it kicking for reeeaalz! It's sooo sweet to have a well-balanced discussion of the viewpoints on the topic with all you swell people. This isn't coming from any holier-than-though place, I think people are pretty much all equally dumb :) but people have a tendency to stay in their own little boxes and every now and then at least you could break out of it you know, more than 10% of the time for instance, you inferior pond scum morons. Edit 2 - I'm not trying to be offensive in this comment*, I've heard a lot of buzz and discussion about it :P I thought I would play devil's advocate by making the comment. I was home schooled" and kept in a hermetically sealed container as a child sooooo I have great manners along with a minor in Shakespeare :P. This is my first post to /r/drama and its 16^o C outside and dark and Tarquin Fortesque-Smythe, my beloved purebred King Charles Spaniel is asleep so I thought I would make this comment. If you're remotely scientifically literate^ you can see that I am right and you are wrong. \* I was lucky enough to major in psychology you see " I learned all about how to please a woman in sex education with Mom, not that I am the world's greatest lover or anything, LOL ;) ^ Liking the smell of your own farts Caveats: If anyone who's an expert on smug wankers knows otherwise please let me know. I included nipple tweaking in the jacking off category as it refers to anyone who wanks. "I'm kind of a good girl - and I'm not. I'm a good girl because I really believe in love, integrity, and respect. I'm a bad girl because I like to tease. I know that I have sex appeal in my deck of cards. But I like to get people thinking. That's what the stories in my music do." - Katy Perry Edits because I'm so awesome, if I made any mistake fuck off because I don't make mistakes.
Saudi Arabia of course, there is a real problem with the white male majority there.
It is actually a simple, reliable car when not modified to roll over on every corner.
The sasuage sizzles are run and staffed by the community for fundraising, it's like they have a stall at a village fete or something. So the reality will be loud, spotty kids from a local school raising money for their happly-slapping club trip to Scunthorpe-on-Sea, stood over by a couple of worn out, dour faced mums who scowl at you.
Sydney. Saw it in a bar once and for sale at a couple of liquor stores. &gt;my Australian friends would look at me blankly when I mentioned fosters. They were pretending, for some reason Australians are ashamed of Fosters, either that or they are teenagers or were born under a rock. Fosters was popular in Australia until the early 2000s, and Fosters Group is well known for the other beers they make like Carlton Draught. All you have to do is watch an international sporting event like a Grand Prix and see Fosters all over the place.
LIAR!!
&gt;For example, say you want a Japanese Chin, but the nearest Chin breeder is well over 100 miles away from you. If you'd have a dog shipped to you rather than drive 100 miles to pick it up I don't think that's a good sign at all.
To directly answer your question, seems like you are misunderstanding something, they should be tight enough that the gears shift properly. If it's the wrong tension the indexing will be off and some shifts may do nothing, or the chain may not shift into the furthest sprocket. If you can shift into all the gears correctly the cable is at the right tension. It's as simple as that.
No, you're buying the hackneyed editorials about the opinion polls. &gt; Labour haven't even drawn equal to the Tories "Haven't even"? If he was ahead or even with the tories in the polls it would make your previous post look completely stupid. Was every other historical opposition leader behind in the polls by 5% a 'laughing stock' too? And if he's a 'laughing stock' how would he even hope to draw even in polls? You've pretty much showed yourself up that you are just parroting media hype without really understanding what you're talking about. Labour have not declined in popularity and look more like they have closed the gap since immediately after the election.
I don't know why they recommended Trek in particular, there are tons of brands that would be just as suitable. I guess you can't end up with a shitty Walmart Mongoose or similar if you get a Trek. Yokota - it's OK for the price but if you have 150 to spend try to get a better bike (like the other Yokota I found below). Better than Walmart though. Schwinn - Junk. I would pretty much avoid all bikes by Schwinn, Mongoose and Diamond Back Trek - Looks in bad condition but hard to say for sure cos of no detail photos. In excellent condition it would be OK but I would avoid as it looks rusty and neglected Edit - Forgot your height, **all those bikes are too big for you except the Schwinn.** Here are some other options that look better that should fit you http://sfbay.craigslist.org/eby/bik/5403924700.html http://sfbay.craigslist.org/eby/bik/5398891833.html http://sfbay.craigslist.org/eby/bik/5387298805.html http://sfbay.craigslist.org/eby/bik/5395454450.html (should fit someone 5'5 fine) http://sfbay.craigslist.org/eby/bik/5391431064.html The Yokota Grizzly Peak in particular looks great, very good quality parts (Shimano LX), looks to be in great condition/well looked after and the perfect size for you (current owner at 5'2 is slightly on the short side for it, contrary to what she thinks - 5'5 would be pretty much the ideal height, you'd just need to raise the saddle by maybe an inch). Also a nice looking bike imo
You can't have it both ways - by your logic Cameron's tories were a 'laughing stock' too in 2010. You talk like opinion polls are set in stone, while using an example of a big shift in opinion polls.
&gt; This just feeds elitists with obvious knowledge making them self-entitled even if they would get destroyed by a good console player on console &amp; most likely if that player went on PC aswell. Say what?
Quality movie description, this made me laugh a lot more than it should have done
Serbo-Croato-Slovenian, official language of the former Kingdom of Yugoslavia, or Serbo-Croatian, language of Bosnia and Hercegovina, Croatia, Montenegro and Serbia, previously Socialist Republics in Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
I'm aware that a keyboard isn't as good as a controller for racing games and why, but your prevision explanation didn't make any sense. Who uses a mouse to play racing games? For the third time, anyone halfway serious on PC (or on console) uses one of [these](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81J80ZERoTL._SL1500_.jpg) to play racing games, not the keyboard or controller. If you're playing a racing game that's halfway realistic a controller is pretty hopeless in comparison to a wheel and pedals.
Some mutts are part Great dane and will also live less, and some mutts are part Dachsund and will live longer. It doesn't mean anything. The median age is what matters. &gt;and a dog with no genetic health problems live to be 10. I think it's pretty safe to say that while the one dog may live a shorter life span with no problems, it is technically healthier. And pedigree dogs are more likely to have genetic health problems, or I guess you think PetMD.com are wrong and pushing an agenda. &gt;While quality breeders do test prospective parent dogs for defective genes -- and avoid breeding them if there are defects -- the broad problem of defects continues to grow as current breeding practices narrow the gene pool ever further. If you insist on a purebred puppy, then by all means, you should have one. But if you cannot afford the potentially heavy veterinary bills that might come with your new puppy, perhaps it’s time to think about getting a mixed breed from your local dog rescue. http://www.petmd.com/dog/care/evr_dg_purebred_dogs_complications
It's not about the dogs entering the shelter system, it's about dogs IN the shelter system. Explain to me how if more people adopted dogs from shelters rather than from a breeder it wouldn't reduce the number of dogs in shelters. And I'd say one of the biggest reason for so many dogs in shelters is people that buy purebred dogs, especially chihauhaus and pitbulls, as a vain fashion accessory. And how do you solve the owner issue? It's pure wishful thinking with no substance. There will always be idiots that get dogs that shouldn't.
So because some dogs are unadoptable, none should be adopted? Nice logic. &gt;Supporting a reputable breeder in no way adds to the dogs in shelters. Yes, it does. If you adopted a dog from the shelter instead of one from the breeder, there is one less dog in shelters. If the breeder loses customers and has to stop breeding dogs, there are less dogs available overall and the desirability of shelter dogs increases.
The problem is there are too many dogs around. An industry of breeding dogs for profit really doesn't help that. Not sure how many people in this thread have worked at a breeding kennel, I worked at an extremely rich and well-to-do breeder about as far as a puppy mill you can get, it's dogs were healthy and award winning but it was still clearly a business run to make money, and ethical aspects of it left a sour taste in my mouth.
One study that says there is the same rate of some diseases in mutts and purebred dog doesn't disprove anything I'd say. The 1.2 year longer median lifespan seems pretty clear to me. Do you think what PetMD.com says is wrong or pushing an agenda?
There is only one link to a study in their post? The study doesn't support the point they're making if you actually read it, they cherry picked to the max: &gt;1) The incidence of 10 genetic disorders (42%) was **significantly greater** in purebred dogs. &gt;2) The incidence of 1 disorder (ruptured cranial cruciate ligament; 4%) was greater in mixed breed dogs. &gt;3) For the rest of the disorders examined, they found no difference in incidence between mixed and purebred dogs. So yeah, purebred dogs are more likely to suffer from a genetic disorder.
I can't think this is a canned animation, it makes me wonder how the game managed to do this - is that how the skeletal system behaves when the ragdoll is just dropped gently on their feet? If so it's impressive.
It's difficult to say exactly what model it is because Giant made a bunch of bikes with near identical paint schemes (Team ONCE), ranging from bottom to top of the range around the turn of the millenium. It looks closest to a TCR2 in GIS - I believe it's a 2001 TCR2 http://bikepedia.com/QuickBike/BikeSpecs.aspx?year=2001&amp;brand=Giant&amp;model=TCR+2 If so it's an OK price for a bike of that age with 105 in good condition, though it has a very aggressive riding position largely due to the deep drop handlebars, as a beginner I'd want to replace those with some compact (shallow drop) bars and it's worth taking that into account.
I used to really like the Gusto bakery in Featherston but the buiding it was in has gone now because of the new supermarket.
But your view is basically exactly the opposite to what Petmd.com says - that goes past bias into suggesting they are completely wrong. What reason would they have for the bias, anyway?
&gt;If I tell them now, I could perhaps lessen the blow should the job should up during the background check, but it would still be admission to lying on a resume. I would think that would be unlikely to go in your favour. It's not like you'll be in trouble with the law or anything, the worst thing that can happen is you don't get the job, and I'd think coming to them perturbed saying you lied on your resume would be more likely to result in that. If they did find out about it and asked you, I wouldn't apologise or make excuses like "I was panicked", I would just say calmly that it didn't work out there and you didn't feel you had been working there long enough for it to be worth including on the resume. I wouldn't really consider it lying to omit a position that didn't work out, to me that's more inventing qualifications/experience/skills you don't have, or claiming you had a more senior role or more responsibilities than the reality in a previous position.
Goes down really well with [pocket broth](https://www.reddit.com/r/PocketBroth/)
Wow every single photo on the site is non-drive-side! The bikes look good for the local market but for export the parts etc are surely too low quality, if they were going to export they would be better off exporting just frames that are fitted to take modern higher end parts.
You can already get bamboo frames like that from several manufacturers like [Calfee](http://calfeedesign.com/products/bamboo/). My thoughts are they would be able to significantly undercut European/US built bamboo frames from the likes of Calfee (that charge $3-4000 for a bamboo frame) on price if they are able to compete in the local market with imports from China. Maybe not at the same quality and finish, but that probably wouldn't matter at a significantly lower price. Bamboo makes really good frames that compete well with more conventional materials in strength, weight, comfort, stiffness, it's massive disadvantage has always been the huge labour cost in the frame building.
&gt; many climatologists consider it to be "half true" at best and an "urban legend" at worst. It seems that it is primarily one researcher, Richard Seager who is behind the idea and it is not a consensus view among climatologists. The consensus view appears to be that while western Europe would still be mild without the Gulf Stream compared to Labrador or Newfoundland, it would be quite a bit less mild than it is currently. &gt;If someone asks, does the Gulf Stream (or MOC/GS) make Europe’s winters mild, the answer is yes. This is an absolute statement with no reference to conditions anywhere else. In Seager’s paper and in many other (Rind et al; Vellinga et al, Stouffer et al etc.) climate in Europe without the MOC reduced or shut off, gives a European cooling of around 3 to 6 deg C. Estimates of cooling associated with proxy estimates of MOC slowdowns are comparable. &gt;If however someone asks whether the MOC/GS makes Europe milder with respect to Labrador or Newfoundland, then Seager’s argument is correct. MOC slowdowns affect both sides of the Atlantic pretty much equally.
&gt;I don't know all the details, but jesus christ, please use lights, guys. So they weren't using lights?
I'd be tempted to get a full-on DH bike as I'd expect it would be a bit more different to your current bike and more likely to totally surpass it in performance on really full on trails. I get the impression that bikes like the Voltage FR are to some extent as much a cheaper and less sophisticated version of the full on DH bike in the range (the Voltage FR costs over $1000 less for the 720 model than the Gambler) with a simpler frame/suspension design as they are something to fill a different niche in capabilities, and marketing them for freeride/bikepark use rather than racing excuses the slightly lower degree of refinement. Despite some of the industry hyping bike park bikes up like this as something new, I feel this is a bit of a rehash of the freeride/hucking bike market from 10 years ago, for example my old [Big Hit](http://mbbearings.co.uk/specialized/06bighit%20frame.jpg) is really just a cheaper and less complicated version of the [Demo of the time](http://static.specialized.com/media/2004/bikes/04BigHitDemo9DHFrame_l.jpg), that was aimed at freeride rather than racing.
I really like the design, but is it meant to be set in a square panel like that or is that an artifact of the software you used? I would definitely wear a shirt with that design if it wasn't on a square panel. I haven't bought a t-shirt online since 2003 though so probably not a potential customer.
11 speed seems like overkill to me for a commuter, I'd stick with 8 speed as the chain and cassette/sprockets are going to last longer and be more bombproof as well as being cheaper to replace, and it's not like close ratio shifting so you can maintain a constant wattage and cadence is important while riding to work. The CAAD8 is being given away unless it's completely destroyed, it's worth at least that just for the frame. But I don't think the frame is much or any better quality than a Defy, it's not like it's a CAAD10 or a Supersix or anything - I would leave that for a resourceful teenager looking to get their first road bike on the cheap unless you were keen on restoring it to sell on at a profit yourself. But yeah, I reckon you should consider getting a new frame for those parts that's a bit more deserving of them and leave your current bike as an economical commuter - eBay is a good place to look in the UK, you can get a really nice used carbon frame for £200 like this one for example http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/Planet-X-Pro-Carbon-Frameset-/111879858798?hash=item1a0c8f2a6e:g:vuQAAOSwCypWnp18
I'd say the Marinoni is one for collectors of high-end Italian steel. It's an awesome quality frame but there's enough of a price premium and it's old enough it wouldn't compare well with other newer bikes you could get for 650 in terms of general performance (though the ride quality of the frame would likely be hard to beat). It's the sort of bike that would be worth almost as much if it was being sold frame only. The FW Evans is even older and also has an awesome quality frame, but being significantly cheaper looks more reasonable for the average cyclist - new parts, good pads and clearance for 28c tires on a bike of that age are a bonus too - it looks OK for the money. The main drawbacks I see are less tire/fender clearance than modern bikes like the Brodies, the stem shifters rather than downtube or the brifters of a more modern bike, and the narrow-range gearing compared to a more modern bike with more speeds, which could see you struggling to get up hills unless you are a very strong rider. Depends where you are I guess, I wouldn't be too keen to ride up Burnaby Mountain on that but it would be fine on the flats. I'd say the best bike for your buck is probably a used bike that is newer than the Evans and doesn't have the price premium of a rare/collector bike of the Marinoni. Brodie make do make great bikes though. If you did choose one of the Brodies I would probably go with the Revel, it's a $250 price difference between the two bikes dropped to only 50, making it look better for the money. If you're riding all year round the disc brakes would be a bonus outside of road construction season (though I'd prefer rim brakes on a summer bike).
Good find, that's a great bike and a great deal. It's older than the other one but much higher quality so it actually has more advanced technology despite being older, like the gears have more speeds and the shifters etc would shift better, and it would be several pounds lighter. Has really nice quality parts and just handbuilt frames of that quality sell for more than they're asking for it with a nicer paint job. It would be worth the expense of getting it repainted imo, from brief research LaBan was based in Tucson had a great reputation as a framebuilder. Only trouble is not sure on the size - it might be on the big side but hard to say. Definitely check this one out and hopefully you can save it from being converted to a fixie by some dumb teenager.
Bear in mind that two bikes take up barely any more floor space than one bike if they are leaned against each other closely.
My experience with picking up German hitchhikers here in New Zealand: 1. Girl who tried to boss us to rush her straight to the city we were headed to rather than enjoying the drive. Hot sunny day, we pull of at a beach 30 minutes to stretch our legs for a few minutes and she says "What are we doing here?" in a tone that suggests we're morons and then "When will we get to the city?" It wasn't that she had a flight or anything booked she needed to get to urgently, she thought that anything that wasn't a town or city or paid attraction on her pre-planned schedule wasn't worth her time. She was rude as hell and a contender for the most boring person I've met. 2. Girl who reached out and turned off my car stereo about 5 seconds after I turned it on. I'd picked them up 20km up a remote dirt road that only sees a few cars a day. Should have kicked her out and told her to walk but I figured they'd be screwed if I didn't help them out. Not long after she started insulting me because of how my car wasn't clean enough and criticising the way I was dressed but we were most of the way back to town by then and I felt sorry for her friend. 3. Guy who kept asking me to drive slower, but also didn't get out both times I pulled over and said he could hitch a ride with someone else if he didn't like it. Screaming like a little girl on the corners and I wasn't even driving fast, would have been holding up traffic had I gone slower. He also seemed to have a real problem with me stopping to smoke a cigarette every hour. Every other nationality except for one or two dodgier locals I've never had any problems and they've generally been a joy to give a lift to. I've met plenty of nice Germans too, but there are certainly a lot of rude, entitled ones.
This has got to be a stunt, the [other track](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNKnvu02mlE) on his channel is pretty well produced and performed (for amateur gangster rap). My Hoverboard has got 20x as many views so seems like it is working for him.
Have you tried normal mayo with pizza? I like it as a dip for the slices, nothing to do with Japan. If you add a bit of chilli sauce it makes it sweeter like Japanese mayo but also spicy, though I don't mind plain Hellemans/Best Foods
Wow this post has had a pretty negative reception. My thoughts that's likely because as a community cyclists are tired of seeing Kickstarters etc for supposedly revolutionary tech that turns out to be based on fundamental misunderstandings of what cyclists want or need. This was a classic example that got hyped by gadget and lifestyle magazines (but not the cycling press) about a year or two ago and then didn't meet crowdfunding goals and sunk without trace http://www.gizmag.com/hubdock-bicycle-rear-hub/26366/ - because they exaggerated the severity of the problem it solves, and it's only quicker and cleaner for someone who doesn't know what they're doing, not for experienced cyclists. See how many systems under current development there are just to implement front shifting without a derailleur: Vectr - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TmdTTXhhe4 Vyro - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=toym0NTle5Q Another patent - http://p.vitalmtb.com/uploads/1579/US20140323253A1.pdf Then you can look at when near enough the same ideas were tried in the past and failed, like Radial Drive - https://youtu.be/ZsZJhPGcByQ?t=3m48s and Cambiogear - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yweIWBC9-OA I'd be interested to hear about your idea from the point of view of a sceptic.
It's a sandwich but with pastry instead of bread
These threads about Australian culture are always full of Americans circlejerking the same tired out shit that's only funny to them. "Mates cunt and cunts mate" in 3,2,1...
Sounds like your LBS bullshitted to you in order to clear stock, that's plain not true :( There is a [2016 X-Caliber 7](http://www.trekbicyclesuperstore.com/product/trek-x-caliber-7-232744-1.htm) and they are different enough bikes that the Marlin wouldn't serve as a replacement. Edit - Unless you mean the lower in the range X-caliber 6 which was discontinued and did overlap more with the Marlin in terms of parts quality
What do they wear, stuff like [this](http://cookingbride.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/bear-claw-slippers-001.jpg) or more like [this](http://www.wackyy.com/wp-content/uploads/funny-skating-slippers.jpg)?
So why would kids more easily be able to buy currently illegal drugs if they were sold age restricted in the same way as stronger painkillers?
If you have modern compact style bars you can also brake with your hands on top of the bars by resting them on the brake hoods. Generally the only time you're on the flat part of the bars on a well fitting bike with bars like that is when climbing hills and you shouldn't need brakes then. Sometimes I am forced to ride in the drops to have quick access to strong braking (as braking from the hoods is a bit weaker), like if riding past a big row of parked cars at speed or through the central shopping streets with tons of pedestrians, but it doesn't seem frequent enough to be a problem with the riding I do.
&gt;My LBS at the time told me that they didn't have the frame for my measurements, but this one would be "just fine". That doesn't like good practice by that bike shop. Handlebars too high could be likely to cause the kind of issues that /u/i_speak_the_truf says happens with bikes where you're almost upright - none of your weight is on your arms and all your weight is focused through your lower back. This can be worsened if it's so bad your arms are pulling on the bars/you feel you're hanging off the bars. It may be possible to improve the setup of your current bike by adjustment and/or swapping out a part or two, but will wait until you can get a photo before giving advice - would either reply here again or make a new post to /r/bikefit with the photo and explaining your back troubles and feeling the bars are too high. A photo of you on the bike with it propped up against a wall can also be helpful.
I would say it's very rare to need to replace rims that often. Plenty of stories of people getting 15,000 miles of out of rims. It depends what conditions you ride in and if you clean your pads. Riding with a bunch of grit embedded in your pads, or riding with pads worn down to the metal will wear out rims at a highly accelerated rate. Accelerated wear is more of a problem on mountain bikes with rim brakes than road bikes with rim brakes as they more often get grit on the braking surface. Most good quality rims have a small pit or groove in the braking surface, when that is gone then it's time to replace the rims. Bear in mind that disc brakes pads are usually more expensive than rim brake pads, like $30 vs $15 per wheel at an LBS for equivalent quality and tend to wear faster - for me it's been more expensive running discs due to this. Rotors also wear away like rims do and have to be replaced - which while cheaper than wheels still aren't cheap. You also have to buy a bleed kit to service disc brakes if they're hydraulic, or pay your LBS $40 a wheel to bleed them every time they play up. Though not an issue with cable discs.
It's the same answer as with almost any brand, depends how high in the range the bike was when it was new. If you are asking this question you are probably thinking too much about the brand of the bike. Bikes aren't like cars where one brand is completely different to own and run than another. What matters much more is how expensive the bike was when it was new. Though If the Peugeot is older than mid '80s when Japanese bikes had the effect of standardising parts they can have drawbacks due to lack of compatibility with modern parts - French bikes from before that used some different standards that are now obsolete.
You pretty much bought yourself a toy. I was going to say for 150 bucks that doesn't really matter, and it should do the job for pootling along to the beach and back on the flat as simple as it is, but then I spotted it doesn't have proper brakes and has no mounts to fit brakes to it. I would consider the bike dangerous and my belief is it's pretty disgraceful there isn't consumer legislation against the sale of bikes like this that have only a coaster brake. Forget stopping in a hurry or carefree cruising, you're going to have to be super cautious and leave a big stopping distance open in front of you. There's a high chance of hitting a pedestrian/roller blader/another cyclist if you ride it along the average beach promenade for any length of time. I wouldn't want to ride that bike where there were any other road/path users around and I've been a keen cyclist for 20 years. My advice would be to take it back and get a refund and buy a bike with proper brakes because it's just not safe to ride for you or pedestrians around you. Walmart basically count on people buying these bikes as a novelty, riding them a couple of times and then them sitting gathering dust and rust for a few years until they get thrown in a skip. You are just throwing money away on bikes like this too - the $150 bike is worth $50 as soon as you walk out of the door with it. They are ten a penny second hand because people buy them for the novelty/because they look cool and don't ride them (because they're heavy and unpractical). You also support the industry of low quality disposable Chinese crap - Schwinn isn't even an American brand any more, it was bought out by a Canadian company 15 years ago as a sticker to put on the cheapest Chinese and Vietnamese imports.
What are the downsides to them? (also in NZ). My mate had a turbo diesel one and it seemed to pretty reliable, been thinking of getting one as a cheap offroader/camper van
Sounds like there was something wrong with the brakes if they were that bad, like the pads have turned hard with age or the rim surface is contaminated or the cables need replacing. Any modern rim brakes that aren't Walmart junk will stop even a loaded touring bike on a steep hill in pissing rain without issue as long as they are properly adjusted with good pads, the stopping distance is just further and the brakes have a slower response.
&gt;The drug debate though is literally just people getting high But people do want to get high and you can't pretend that's not the case - that's why alcohol is popular. Plenty of people throughout history have tried to pretend that people don't want to get high, or formed sects of society that abstain from drinking and drugs - see the puritanical movements of the renaissance era, and temperance movements of the Victorian and Edwardian eras for example, and prohibition in the USA. But you can't control everyone and you can't make it impossible to produce drugs and alcohol. Should also say that a surprising number of people get into drug abuse, particularly opiates, after being on prescriptions of strong painkillers after injuries or illnesses and experiencing. Some of these people end up eventually doing heroin because their tolerance builds and being much stronger it becomes a cheaper than taking a large amount of illicitly sourced prescription opiates, and easier to find on the black market. Drugs and alcohol exist and will always exist and some people will always want to do them. You can't prevent people from growing marijuana or opium poppies or allowing rotten fruit to ferment even with totalitarian regimes far stricter than anything Western countries. You can kill a lot of people or put a lot of people in prison, like all the poor black people in prison in the US on drug charges, but it still doesn't get rid of the problem. That's what it comes down to - your argument hinges on the idea you can make drugs go away, or make people not want to do them, and those just aren't things that can happen in the real world. History has proved it time and time again. &gt;No, they go there to get baked and order hookers. Because it's the only place in Europe where it's openly legal to do so. If other places had the same laws, a lot less people would go to Amsterdam. Americans are already choosing to go to Colorado instead of Amsterdam, for example. If you go outside of Amsterdam there are barely any coffee shops around in comparison - it is mostly foreign tourists. Dutch teenagers are less likely to have smoked weed than teenagers in the UK. http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSL5730185 "Dutch among lowest cannabis users in Europe" &gt;The dutch are more mature than other nations in Europe I mean, how can you prove that? That's pretty convenient. I would say they are more mature in their legislation and planning, but if you've seen their TV they don't look very mature based on that. &gt;I saw more hypodermic needles than fag ends where I lived [in Girlington] and they weren't being used for insulin. I can only imagine how things could spiral drastically out of control if you were to legalize something like that. With hard, undebatably harmful drugs like heroin which we wish we could pretend don't exist, the best strategy is harm reduction. This means treating addicts like that like people with a medical issue rather than as criminals. If you inject them with the drugs for free at a safe injection site with medical supervision, it takes the source of income away from the criminal gangs and they go out of business, meaning that the supply outside that kids can get their hands on dries up. They don't need to go around breaking into houses or mugging people to get money for their addiction. They get education and support to try and give up and if the drug taking involves going to a clinic and being treated like someone with an illness the appeal of trying the drug in the first place drops significantly. It's a lot cheaper to give someone some free heroin than lock them up in prison or have them needing to make £200 a day somehow with no job to pay for their habit.
Nicely put
Yeah it is going cheap and I would be cautious of that, but it's not that far off Bluebook value which is $200-330 http://www.bicyclebluebook.com/searchlistingdetail.aspx?id=1000290
&gt; It's a problem Amazon has. To more fully compete with retail stores, they need to be able to offer faster shipping times. Aren't they already competing with them enough?
So what's wrong with that? Going to McDonalds doesn't compete with making some 2 minute noodles at home for convenience, but that doesn't mean McDonalds should start selling 2 minute noodles in the supermarket.
&gt;Experienced drivers make $60k+/y They drive the large trucks between warehouses that drones wouldn't replace. Drivers of smaller delivery vehicles for Prime Now make [$11 an hour](http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/10/prime-now-drivers-sue-amazon-say-they-were-cheated-on-wages-and-breaks/), so more like $22k a year (if they were able to work full time hours all year). &gt;the drones are powered by electricity so they cost less and are cleaner than truck fuel The drones will always use more energy because they fly in the air like a helicopter instead of rolling on wheels on the ground, and carry one package at a time instead of multiple. The drones don't replace large trucks, they replace smaller vans and private couriers in cars, which could just as easily be converted to a fleet of plug-in electric vehicles as building a fleet of drones.
It's going to mostly come down to which fits and feels best to you, there's not much difference between the bikes in terms of spec, the Cdale has carbon blade forks but the Kona has brakes from a decent brand. The Kona has a less aggressive riding position out of the box, slightly slacker head angle and more standover height. The CAADX is a little more of a pure racer and the Jake has more touches of endurance geometry. Are you able to test ride the bikes? That should be your main factor in the decision.
People post asking if the Trek Marlin 7 is worth buying regularly and the answer is always the same. I replied to [this guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/MTB/comments/42aj88/looking_to_buy_hardtail_mountain_bike_is_trek/) who was asking four days ago. I wouldn't recommend a sub entry-level bike like the Marlin 7. The Calibre looks a lot more like a proper entry-level mountain bike as it has Rock Shox forks and Shimano brakes. A five star rating from MBUK is also a good sign. I would way rather spend £400 on a decent used bike than a new entry level bike, but if you had to do so that looks a lot better than the Marlin 7.
I like the Norwegian group [Xploding Plastix](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3K8bXWJKgqY)
&gt;The first recorded case in New Zealand was in 2002 and numbers have fluctuated since then.
Agree with /u/Tatortot15 - I don't think it's fair on the dog to have a dog in a living situation like this, with the possible exception of an older dog from a shelter.
Similar situation with Australia and New Zealand
A hash corndog sounds good
There are about 6 Mt. Washingtons in North America, there's two in Washington State. The New Hampshire one is the highest point in the North East US. Though the Vancouver Island one is probably the second most well known because of the ski resort.
Yeah that's just practice, and even for experienced cyclists low speed sharp turns can be a recipe for embarassment - it's as much about learning when they're not a good idea to attempt/how to avoid having to make them as getting good at it. Like picking up the bike and turning it 180 degrees rather than trying to do a U-turn in 5 feet of space
According to their website that's the Kilimanjaro, the Juggernaut has fatbike front tires. "The Kilimanjaro has suspension in front for better cornering performance on the road" lol
masala - marsala is something else (a Spanish wine)
Once you pop, you can't stop
Nah it was a mixtape, [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8d42r3JlbU) was the next number. Source: I worked as the PA system at the prom
Not in other English speaking countries, only the USA uses American English Edit - not sure why downvoted. The only reason the Oxford dictionary is available in the USA is because they make an American English edition (and Canadian English, Australian English, NZ English etc). Merriam-Webster only does American English.
I wonder if something might have come out of Megavideo and Megaupload by now if they hadn't been taken down
Nearly all your posts are in /r/nfl and /r/steelers, do you have no connection with the country?
I meant in other English speaking countries it's not available in standard bookshops etc and few people would have heard of it. In non-English speaking countries that's not going to be the case because you aren't tied to a particular flavour of English.
Well there's a correct height for the seat from a biometrics perspective - if it's too low you put a lot of strain on your knees, like if you tried to walk keeping your legs bent all the time. You can run into problems with it too high too - if your hips are rocking while pedaling the seat is probably too high. Look up a guide/youtube video guide to setting the correct height if you're not sure. But I commented because of how low it is compared to the frame - normally with the seat at that height the frame would be smaller. The bike is on the big side for you if the height of the seat in the photo or lower is correct for you, you'd have to grow about 6 inches for it to be on the small side. But if you grow 3 or 4 inches it should be pretty good. Riding with a frame that's too big doesn't give you much room to put your feet down without hitting your genitals on the top tube if you have to stop on uneven ground, and also bigger frames have a longer reach from the saddle to the handlebars, so you might find it tougher on your back than a smaller frame would be.
&gt;Frame size. I think I'm aiming around 20" frame? Super confused when I see "20"/56 cm frame," haha. Road bikes are sized in cm and mountain bikes/hybrids in inches. If you see something that doesn't match up like with a couple of those listings, it's either really old or more likely the seller doesn't know much about bikes and used a tape measure. Both those sizes are too big for you, not sure what sizing charts you're looking at but they're more appropriate for someone about 5'10-6'1. Would think you'd be looking more at 15-17inch and maybe 50-54cm respectively. Note, do not ever go by what sellers say the bike will suit in terms of height, without exaggeration they are wrong the majority of the time. Sellers also frequently get the size of the bike wrong. The bikes you've picked out would all be on the big side except for the Raleigh in Gastown and possibly the Bianchi and the other Raleigh. The only bikes I'd want to ride out of those though (in terms of quality) would be the Bianchi and the Kona, all the others were very cheap bikes when they were new. The Bianchi probably wouldn't be a good choice for a beginner due to the downtube shifters and poor ergonomics compared to modern bikes. What sort of recreational rides were you thinking of? I lived in Vancouver for a year and did a fair bit of riding so have an idea of what bikes work best where. Here's some other options to look at in your size: http://vancouver.craigslist.ca/van/bik/5424156511.html - This looks excellent for a commuter, has fenders for when it rains and a rack to carry stuff, and has STI shifters which will make things much easier than an older drop-bar bike (as you don't have to take your hands off the bars to change gear). http://vancouver.craigslist.ca/nvn/bik/5410590686.html - Just need to put some slick/city tires on it and you have a solid commuter bike cheap http://vancouver.craigslist.ca/nvn/bik/5412955428.html - Same seller as the previous one, would be great but it's way overpriced, it's only worth more like $50 more than the last bike, not $200 more - but it gives you an idea what other bikes could look like with new tires and a rear rack fitted. http://vancouver.craigslist.ca/nvn/bik/5380049946.html - Looks like it might be a smaller frame size, reasonable quality modern hybrid. http://vancouver.craigslist.ca/van/bik/5423952630.html - Awesome looking bike, like a slightly nicer version of the Asama. Good quality parts.
LIAR!!
If you lived in the USA would recommend getting a used bike rather than a new bike at $300. But don't know anything about how things are in India. Is there a website where people sell used bikes? What bikes are available to you to buy new?
That video is not of the rider in the topic, it's of Ryder Hesjedal from a year or two ago. [These attacks](https://youtu.be/8Nd13ARuvVE?t=3m33s) by Cancellara in the Tour of Flanders also made some people suspicious.
Why were you in the smallest cog to climb a hill?
It's been discussed quite a few times I've seen on reddit, each time with a lot of people dismissing it as a conspiracy theory 'tin foil hat' kind of thing - I've seen all kinds of outlandish explanations posited for why Hesjedal's wheel was spinning like that. Mechanical doping in pro cycling could easily do worse damage to the public image of the sport than chemical doping has, and embarrass passionate pro cycling fans - there are a large number of people that really don't want to acknowledge it's a possibility, or now, a real thing (see the comments at the bottom of this denying a motor was found for an example).
Got a link to your local Craigslist? How tall are you? Could have a quick look for you and see if there is anything decent
Friend of mine has one of these and I dismissed it as a joke on first glance, but was very impressed how light it was when I picked it up. They are very far from a Walmart bike despite appearances, from before Mongoose got bought out by Pacific Cycles
Yep, if basic functionality like that is missing that's what refunds are for. You can always buy it again if it gets fixed, or just take your money elsewhere
I'd rather invite them than some cliche using pompous dumbass
It's not safe to drive in those conditions because you can't control what other people do. The best thing is to ~~pull over~~ find a safe place to stop and wait for visibility to improve. You can drive slowly but you can't guarantee other drivers will, and large speed differentials and poor visibility is a recipe for being in an accident (even though it's not your fault).
Best to find a safe place to stop and wait it out when the visibility is that bad. You can control your speed but not the speed of other drivers - These pileups almost always start because someone driving too fast for conditions rear-ends someone who is driving cautiously.
Not suggesting pulling over somewhere where it's dangerous to do so. If you're on the motorway/freeway, get in the slow lane and take the first exit, on other roads look for laybys/pull-offs or car parks or turn onto a minor road with a lower speed limit.
Yeah people everywhere drive like idiots in thick fog in my experience and I've lived in a few countries, did it myself as a young driver before I realised the risk I was taking.
So you're saying vintage style pixel art is inferior? To me that's like saying artistic black and white photos are crap because we're able to use colour instead nowadays.
Promax mechanical discs are really not good components
1x drivetrain is nice to have but I can't really see the point of upgrading from an old 9 speed drivetrain that doesn't have a clutch derailleur. When you have to replace pretty much the entire drivetrain it's a huge amount of money for little performance benefit. 1x is really just about convenience and simplicity, it doesn't allow you to ride further or faster or take on bigger terrain like an all-round better bike like the Reign would. That's just an example anyway, people often don't realise how much nicer bike they could get by selling their current bike and putting in a few hundred dollars more. &gt;*edit: I'd also like to note that I'm not trying to increase the value of the bike. Just want a nicer bike to ride. Well that's the same thing, if you waste a bunch of money on ill-advised upgrades you'll have less money to get a nicer bike with in future, and if you buy a better used bike now instead of waiting 6 months saving for something brand new you'll be riding a better bike all this summer.
Imo you've outgrown this bike and it's time to sell it to a beginner rider who will appreciate it as it is. Those upgrades add up to way more than $500 even without including forks unless you bought cheap used stuff from eBay or bought parts that are worse quality than what your bike has now. If you fully upgraded all that stuff, including forks with parts that are clearly better quality than what it has now you're talking a good $1000+ even getting some stuff used. At the end of spending that $1000 the result would be a worse bike than if you just spend $1000 on a newer used bike to begin with. If you did that you'd also end up with two bikes rather than one for the same cost.
My understanding is the only thing that determines if art is pixel art or not is whether the artist zooms in and uses a 1px brush to create it. If they do, it's pixel art, if not, it isn't. What you're saying would imply that some old pixel art is no longer pixel art by today's standards and I don't get how that could work.
Sure, but that doesn't disagree with what I said, or the definition of pixel art. If they worked on a pixel level then, it was pixel art, if they didn't it wasn't. Exactly the same as today.
I can see your point, I mean I've seen the odd thing upvoted in the sub that's kind of like the latter and it's not my cup of tea. In the former case I guess the line gets drawn at some level of resolution where you can't see the individual pixels - [photoreallistic pixel art](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/28/e0/33/28e03340ec12d84a0bb4af8674ba39bb.jpg) like that used to be a lot more popular back in the day. I pretty much agree fully with what the [sidebar guide](http://www.pixeljoint.com/forum/forum_posts.asp?TID=11299) says Edit - I didn't notice until I was looking at it again more closely that that pixel art is actually a mosaic, though it showed up in a pixel art search and I could have picked similar stuff that's digital. Raises the question of another place where you draw the line - is a mosaic done with square tiles in a grid pixel art?
400 is a decent budget for a new bike depending on what kind of bike you want, though for some types of bikes or if you want disc brakes for example it's maybe a little on the low side. Used is well worth considering and you could probably get something decent for a quite a lot less, or be able to choose pretty much any kind of bike. I think from this kind of point the best thing you could do would be to hire/demo/test ride/borrow a couple of bikes, that way you will have more idea about sizing of bikes (if you go used) and what kind of bike you want. The obvious all-round, hard to go wrong choice for a beginner is a hybrid bike, and something up to the job without disc brakes you can get for [less than 300 on clearance](https://www.evanscycles.com/jamis-coda-sport-2016-hybrid-bike-EV245102) - this bike is hard to beat for the price. Disc brakes are definitely something to be careful about - really cheap ones are basically gimmicks that are worse than rim brakes most of the time, you have to spend a lot more to get a bike that comes with good quality hydraulics. Also suspension forks are not recommended. But if you're looking to ride longer distances in the future and/or think you'll be comfortable with them already a bike with drop bars would likely be a better choice. For a 15 mile commute I'd rather have drop bars for sure. However they're quite a lot more expensive to get something of good quality. Going used could make the type of a bike less of a gamble, you could get a hybrid and just sell it and get a drop bar bike when you felt it was time to upgrade without losing a bunch of money.
Sure, but if you're that tired and decide it's a good time to do stunts on the edge of a cliff I'd say that classifies you as a bad rider
&gt;Shimano usually tends to lead with Dura Ace Sure, but if you're at an arbitrary time that doesn't mean Dura-Ace will be the first new groupset release you'll see, and they don't necessarily release new groupsets in order from top to bottom, which is I think more what OP was asking
If your Civic is a hatchback you should be able to fit the bike in the back with the rear seats folded pretty easily. I'd feel way safer going hiking away from it with bike locked inside and not obvious from a distance to anyone that drives past.
&gt;but I have no need to risk my life especially with angry drivers that we have here. Does the bike not have a front brake?
Flying over the bars is only something that happens to riders that don't practice using the front brake because they're scared of it and then when they have to stop fast for real they panic. Most times when beginners go over the bars it's not because they braked really super hard and locked up the wheel but because they don't anticipate how strong the G-forces are from hard braking, their arms collapse and they fall over the front of the bike. Most bikes don't have a front brake powerful enough to send a rider that moves their weight back and braces their arms over the bars. It's simply a case of practicing hard braking somewhere safe like on soft grass until you feel confident with the brake. The front brake can stop you in a fraction of the distance of the rear brake and without damaging your tire/losing control from skidding, I personally would not feel safe riding a bike in traffic without a front brake because you just can't stop fast enough in an emergency.
Yeah here in NZ I could make more money if I moved to Auckland but the riding there sucks in comparison to here in Wellington. I'd say mountain biking here is about 6 or 7/10 (no lifts, but you can ride from the edge of the city centre over the mountains to the coast without crossing a road, and multiple bikeparks) and road cycling about 5/10. There's a couple of very nice 40km loops on quiet scenic roads but that's about it without going further afield first as the city is right at the end of a peninsula. It's also the world's windiest city so you get used to brutal headwinds. Where I grew up in the South East UK I would rate about 3/10 for mountain biking (and only because of a couple of small bikeparks I was lucky to live close to, could easily be 1/10 if I'd been further afield from them) but about 7/10 for road cycling - tons of quiet country lanes, only really missing some mountains and a milder climate in the winter.
Check what it says the max pressure rating is on the sidewall of the tire and don't exceed that, but you probably want the tires pumped up pretty close to that to be on the safe side. The lower the pressure the higher the chance of damaging the wheel. You can drop the pressure slightly for the front wheel as you have more weight over the rear wheel. Better quality/more expensive wheels are stronger. If you go to a physical bike shop and say you need a cheap rear wheel, you'll probably pay about $60 for a very cheap wheel that probably won't be very strong, maybe less strong than the old wheel. From eBay you can get a much better quality and stronger wheel for less money. The one I linked that was brand new for $50 would be a decent strong wheel for sure that should last for years. If you're put off because it says 8/9/10 speed and your bike is 7 speed, that doesn't matter it will still work fine with a [$2 spacer](http://www.jensonusa.com/Cassette-Spacer). Or you could easily upgrade to 8 or 9 speed if you need to replace your cassette (rear cogs) and chain anyway, you'd only have to buy a new shifter of the right number of speeds. Bear in mind that rear wheels are the second most expensive part on the bike after the frame, so while it might seem a fair bit to spend, $50 is really a great deal for a good quality one that's brand new.
Well a lot of what makes that guitar solid is it's made from excellent materials - Ebony and Sitka Spruce, using quality production methods. That's why it costs 5x as much as a cheap Epiphone or Fender. These materials and construction would be equivalent on bikes to materials like carbon fibre, titanium aerospace aluminium, or similarly expensive grades of steel built in a high-end facility in Taiwan or the West with excellent quality control. That doesn't come cheap. Looking at components gives a good illustration of what you are paying for with more expensive bikes. Compare the [cheapest deralleur Shimano makes](http://photos.canyoncyclesports.com/email_img/CLS/large/345284a.jpg), which you'd see on bikes at Walmart, [with the most expensive they make](http://www.starbike.com/images/Shimano/2014/hires/shimano-xtr-rd-m9000-rear-derailleur-hires.jpg). The 'SIS' is made out of pieces of stamped mild steel plate tack-welded/riveted together (It can't be serviced and is a 'disposable' component) and uses a very outdated design that could be from the 70s (modern better shifting designs are more expensive to make). The XTR is made from cold-forged aerospace aluminium, carbon and titanium to a high level of precision. As for a bare bone foundation, there are tons of bikes out there without gimmicks. I'd maybe pick something like the [All-City Space Horse](http://allcitycycles.com/bikes/space_horse) as getting towards the the equivalent of that guitar (also from a US brand).
I missed the part where it's happening when you first start the wheelie rather than when you're up and running. I think it's just a case of practice unless you're trying to wheelie with a sidewind. Even though I can sometimes do 1km wheelies I often fuck it up at the start and only manage a couple of pedals, that's got less often the more I've practiced.
Two packets of crisps are on the footpath heading into town to go shopping, and a Taxi pulls up. "Do you guys need a lift?" says the driver. "No thanks, we're Walkers"
I don't think you can learn better from reading than from watching videos like that. If you don't have anyone that can teach you the best thing to do is to take a video of yourself attempting it, compare it with those/other videos and it should be easy to spot where you're going wrong. Also try riding a BMX, it's easier to learn on than a mountain bike.
Ah OK, I've never actually used one, I remember having some trouble with some cantilever brakes about 15 years ago where I used vice grips but haven't had any need for anything like it since then.
I guess because it's considered not a proper bunny hop and is vastly easier to learn/pull off. You also can't jump as high and need to be going faster to clear an obstacle as both wheels come up at the same time instead of the front, then the back. When I'm on my road bike I do bunny hops like you as it's really hard to do a proper bunnyhop with clipless, and it's easier to be gentle to the bike and a little less sketchy at very high speeds. You can just jump an inch in the air and clear a small pothole if you're going fast enough, with a normal bunnyhop it's hard to do a very small hop like that. Not being able to do proper bunnyhops is why I went back to flat pedals for mountain biking. I think a final disadvantage of using your clipless pedals to pull up is you can get caught out when your cleats get worn - I nearly had a crash because of this last time I was out.
Gaining confidence in bailing off the bike really helps. With practice you can usually jump off the bike and land on your feet when the front wheel slips out in a flat corner. My advice is to find a patch of soft sand and purposefully ride into it so your front wheel washes out, keep doing this until jumping off the bike and landing on your feet feels second nature. Also make sure you're using correct braking technique, have your outside pedal down and are leaning the bike over. If you aren't leaning the bike over it also becomes harder to bail.
It reminded me of that episode of South Park where they have flashbacks but the stories are all are changed to be about eating ice cream
Yeah you are supposed to wear gloves to pick them because the hairs can get in your skin and cause a reaction. Source - had a job picking kiwifruit in NZ
Good call, I looked it up and found a [page](http://www.dangerousroads.org/north-america/mexico/2368-sierra-negra-large-millimeter-telescope.html) with a bunch of info, it is a dirt road
I was told by the orchard that it was fine to eat [gold kiwifruit/'zespri'](http://greenovegan.com/sites/default/files/kiwi%20gold.jpg) with the skin on as they're not hairy, they didn't say anything about green kiwifruit but by implication I'd guess they thought they weren't a good idea to eat. Gold kiwifruit are a fairly new cultivar and most are exported to Japan so they're often rare to see in many countries. In general the sweetest grades of green kiwifruit go to Japan too - the orchards test fruit in different parts of the orchard when they're growing for expected sugar levels and plan the harvest around this.
Yeah it could well not be an issue in your digestive tract but only with dry skin. We only wore gloves because we'd be handling thousands of fruit a day
Those kinds only come on the very cheapest bikes, more expensive bikes have a combined clamp and post like [this](http://www.amazon.com/Kalloy-27-2-350mm-Silver-Seatpost/dp/B000G8GKBY/ref=sr_1_2?s=outdoor-recreation&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1464948366&amp;sr=1-2&amp;refinements=p_36%3A1253555011%2Cp_89%3AKalloy) (an OK quality cheap one). You would have to get a post of the same diameter as your current post
Most of the highest grade fruit from NZ goes to Japan, they can get more for it there than anywhere else. Supposedly also the Japanese have a sweeter tooth than western countries, though I agree with you, I always thought it was too sour with the fruit I had growing up. The gold fruit is really quite something, definitely recommend giving it a go should you ever see it if you have a sweeter tooth. Best thing I learned while picking the fruit and we could take as much as we wanted for free is they are incredible if you peel them, squish/chop them and mix them into vanilla ice cream. Somehow becomes a lot better than the sum of the parts.
That doesn't necessarily matter, there are a fair few examples of people serving time in a different country to where they committed the offence (though usually based on compassionate grounds - like [this guy](http://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/news/greater-manchester-news/drugs-smuggler-from-bury-sent-to-british-680467) that was in prison in Bangkok but was allowed to complete his sentence back in the UK).
&gt;People are allowed to be racist if they want, it's freedom of opinion. You can believe that all you want but it's not true thanks to laws passed by labour and the tories. &gt;We are all free to vocally disagree. I do not believe in thought crime. You are aware that 'vocally' means 'saying out loud', right?
&gt;Truro Crown Court was told earlier that under Section 155 of the Power of Sentencing Act 2000 the court had the power to change a sentence within 66 days of it being passed. It's illegal to beat someone up in an unprovoked attack, that's what the sentence was for. They just changed it from suspended to him actually having to serve time.
&gt; On his own private page, they jailed him for a thought crime. It's not public, see the 'world' icon - that means it's a public post. He could have posted it to 'friends only' but chose to make it public.
Maybe you're not clear on what a suspended sentence is for. It doesn't mean you 'got away with it', it's a jail sentence that doesn't have to actually be served, but that is *dependant on the good conduct* of the offender. There's a whole load of things that they could have ended up having to serve their sentence for. If they got caught with a joint on them or got in a more minor scuffle with someone and had to serve the year in prison as a result of those would you be equally outraged? Those have far less to do with the original offence. For some reason I thought more people would think choosing to go on social media and publically insult/harass the victim of your unprovoked violent attack was a bad and stupid move, not a behaviour we should be protecting.
The only thing I know of like that is [Lake Nyos](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lake_Nyos) in Africa, and that's to deal with huge amounts of CO2 dissolved in the bottom of the lake that can suddenly erupt (in 1986 it killed 1700 people)
I can't speak on whether it's technically feasible, but there are large established geothermal areas less than 100km away which are still being developed like at [Wairakei](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/Wairakei_Geothermal_Power_Station-5834.jpg), there's not really a shortage of geothermal areas in the north of the North Island.
Well they don't call it the Bay of Plenty for nothing
Speaking to a friend this morning who grew up there in the 70s/80s and she said her family has always been sceptical that was the true reason. She says many people blame geysers shutting down etc on a hotel (Geyser Hotel according to her though I can't find it on Wikipedia) that attempted back then to create a larger thermal feature on their property by drilling into the bore but it turned out far bigger than they anticipated, they made a big boiling mud pool and hot stream, after that was when issues with other features happened. She also says that there had been a lot of investment made in gas main installation around that time and previous but the large uptake of using geothermal in heating and hot water meant that it had very few customers and didn't look likely to ever recoup the costs of installation, she says that there was significant lobbying from the gas industry.
&gt;I have only come across ancient/vintage road bikes on CL for $200 from the 80's so don't know If i can trust them as a newb. You can trust them a lot more than a $300 POS new road bike. There's a chance going used you might get something that needs fixing up a bit or isn't such a great deal, but it will still be way more worth buying than a new bike of the same price. Don't know how tall you are but I'd say any of these bikes would be a better buy and better to ride and own than those Schwinns. https://worcester.craigslist.org/bik/5619874869.html https://boston.craigslist.org/nwb/bik/5615673537.html https://boston.craigslist.org/sob/bik/5617735293.html
We don't know you or your bikes so we can only guess. You could do some practice/training rides together and see how you do and plan around that. Or my choice would just be don't have a plan, start riding each day and see where you end up. This is France, not Siberia or somewhere so you'll be going past villages and campsites all the time and there's plenty of places you can put your bike on a train if you need to get somewhere.
Found a bug, I made a fairly long route close to the max time limit, got it to calculate the weather OK, then on moving the departure time slider forwards while in that state it popped up multiple modals on top of eachother with 'your route is too long' and the whole thing stopped working properly afterwards, I had to refresh the page. Nice work btw, did you use Openlayers for this?
&gt; understanding another's view isn't something you've any interest in. Have you imagined what it would be like to be the victim? Going to court and listening to the guy tell a load of bullshit about how he's sorry and a reformed man to the judge, see the judge fall for it and him walk? Then two days later get linked to the guy's Facebook post where he's calling you scum and celebrating with champagne? I don't know what idea of rules you're basing this off that would mean the guy's sentenced being changed shouldn't happen. You keep talking about freedom of speech, but unless you think lying to a judge and harassment of your victim are also forms of freedom of speech worth protecting I don't think that has any ground to stand on.
That's really interesting to read, if it was true and the victim really was sending his gf dirty messages and down at the gym they work out talking shit on the night he went on Facebook it does put a fairly different spin on things. However there's a few things that make me wonder how much of this is greatly exaggerated or out of context - like the talk of fighting with his girlfriend over the guy ruining his relationship, but no talk of her actually cheating implying that insecurity/jealousy were the issues. In my experience people that drive their partners away through jealousy or insecurity NEVER can see their partner left because of that - they always blame the person/thing that was making them insecure/jealous for the relationship failing instead. That the guy also made a cowardly attack from behind somehow also makes me less likely to believe what he says.
It seems like you're just too stubborn to admit you were wrong. People have said several things on this thread you've had no comeback to, you don't even have any argument now. I really hope you're some 17 or 18 year old know-it-all like you come across. Maybe then one day you'll grow up out of talking shit on Reddit and downvoting everyone that doesn't agree with you.
This seems like a sunk cost fallacy. Sell/return the post and get one the right size.
Can't swim in any NZ river due to pollution? What load of dramatic BS. Has the author never been further than 10km away from SH1?
A lot of the increased fear of crypto and giardia is due to policy changes by DOC to take a more cautious approach in warning people. For example in recent years if you walk the Heaphy Track you'll hear/read a bunch of warnings and crap about giardia, and a significant proportion of the trampers boil their water or take it from hut taps rather than out of streams. But giardia has never been found there (and they did a comprehensive survey looking for it). People imagine most crypto and giardia cases are from thirsty trampers drinking from streams in the back country, but the reality is they're mostly caught in farmland and usually as a result of not washing hands. &gt;the rate of cryptosporidium infection in rural areas is nearly three times higher than in urban areas, and European children under 10 have the highest rates. Young livestock excrete large numbers of the protozoa which may infect people through direct contact or indirectly via contaminated pastures or drinking water. &gt;[giardia] also has a second peak in the 30-39 year age group which is probably caused by contact with young children, particularly babies in nappies. &gt;"With giardia the infection appears to be mainly transmitted person to person, unlike cryptosporidium. Animals in rural areas are probably not the major source of giardia in New Zealand as some people may think. Infection during overseas travel appears to be a source in about 20% of cases," says Associate Professor Baker. http://www.otago.ac.nz/news/news/otago000667.html There's tons of myths about giardia - the main one is 'you can't get sick if the water comes out of a tap', but it's plain not true. Everyone I know firsthand that caught giardia caught it from the rainwater tank in a bach.
It causes eutrophication due to it's nitrogen content, the same as fertiliser or manure or organic waste in general. See [here](https://home.greens.org.nz/misc-documents/fonterra-needs-lead-cleaning-mangatainoka-river) about Fonterra dumping milk waste into the Mangatainoka river
Chernobyl is only about 3 miles inside the Ukrainian border
Sure, I think everyone would agree on that
Did ye nae learn 'at at skale bairn?
&gt;The few rides I've done my attire has been awful(soccer shorts and cotton t). I've never purchased clothing or other gear specifically for biking, any advice? Yeah you definitely don't want to be riding in cotton as it is so absorbent and poor at allowing sweat to evaporate. Other materials feel warmer when you're not moving but are much cooler when you are. If you don't have a shower at work I recommend wearing merino wool rather than synthetics (apart from shorts) as it takes far longer to get stinky. You don't have to buy specific cycling gear for stuff like base layers or t-shirts, it's usually a lot cheaper to buy stuff meant for hiking. Don't forget merino/synthetic underwear if you're not riding in padded cycling shorts, or you'll experience the unpleasantness of having damp underwear when the rest of you is dry
Diminishing returns in what sense? What are you thinking you'll gain by running a narrower rear tire?
They are not just compatible, they are exactly the same standard, ISO 622
Why do they even need to use viglink if they're doing that, it's just an extra step of complication and they could implement the same result on their own servers
The BBC seems to have a real history in the last 15 years of spending all our license money on smug, wankish or moronic 'presenters'. They only seem to care about bringing in 'big names' even if they have a mediocre reputation and can bring no personal expertise to the topic. As long as they had some kind of succesful show in the past that means they're a 'household name' and aren't yet in a child molesting scandal the BBC thinks they're work millions. And at the same time they let go of presenters that aren't cuntish and actually know what they're talking about like Ray Mears and Adam Hart-Davis because they're seen as 'stuffy'.
Why not just choose, say, the 50 biggest affiliate programs that are probably responsible for 99%+ of revenue and administrate it themselves, removing the controversy of the third party, link hijacking etc. Sure, there would be some work involved but Reddit is a large site.
Apart from the other suggestions for forks, you've been looking at used/NOS stuff on eBay as well as at new forks, right? Usually your best bet when buying for an obsolete standard and typically you end up with something better quality for less money.
That requires more than just being technically skilled, many people fall down at things like that because they don't have the creativity or motivation. Plus many kinds of coding a person could be good at have no relevance to websites or apps, other than maybe contributing some invisible under-the-hood nuts and bolts stuff as part of a team
Heavy duty touring spokes may not actually be more resilient, although they build a stiffer wheel and are more resistant to structural damage from crashes/chain drops etc. Butted spokes allow the middle of the spoke to stretch under load, reducing fatigue from the elbow &gt;In his book 'The bicycle wheel' Jobst Brandt, says that double butted spokes will be more resistant to fatigue failure when built into a wheel. &gt;This is because spokes break because of the cyclic stress they suffer as the wheel rotates. &gt;As the spoke rotates thru the bottom of the wheel it experiences a reduction in tension. &gt;Butted spokes are more elastic so this reduction in tension is spread over more spokes, each experiencing a smaller reduction in tension.
I had a Skoda with a timing chain and you could for sure hear it at idle and lower RPMs
Not sure about this advice without a photo of OP on the bike. The bike may be perfectly fitted to them and they simply need to ride a little more. If that wasn't the case, we don't know if saddle/bar drop (what you assume) or a bike that is too long is the issue. I also don't think lowering the saddle is good advice. There's a biometrically correct height for the saddle and everything else in terms of fit should be based around this. Lowering the saddle if it is at an optimal height now would be likely to cause OP to start getting issues with knee pain. Additionally, beginners running a saddle too low is extremely common/normal, too high just doesn't tend to happen unless they're trying to ride a much too big bike and the saddle physically can't be lowered more.
Brazil's [not exactly unique](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/eb/ChikungunyamapMarch2015.png) in having chikunguya, though that map doesn't say anything about how common it is in each country
From reading all your replies, unless you're actually keen on tackling more extreme trails and obstacles for the fun/challenge of it, rather than just as potentially part of getting from A to B, I would forget mountain bikes and get a hybrid, touring or cyclocross bike. Needing to potentially get off and push the bike very occasionally or lift it over a log doesn't seem like much of a drawback, and avoiding that is not worth buying a special purpose bike for.
/u/skillfire87 is not correct when they say "The downside of fatter tires, though, is much less efficient on road riding/commuting." That idea typically comes from conflating knobbly mountain bike tires with fat tires. Knobbly tires are extremely slow, loud and poor gripping on the road, but fat slick tires are just as fast or faster rolling as narrow ones. I would not recommend a bike with suspension forks whether they have a lock out or not unless you are buying a dedicated mountain bike you will only use offroad. Lockouts are only really relevant on cheap, poorly damped pogo stick forks anyway.
You're L9st?
Would you feel the same way if it wasn't gigantic in size? I feel the size/bulk of it is amazing/immensely impressive, but I think it's an ugly building otherwise
A common mistake people make is looking at individual bikes, parts etc without getting a clear idea of the type of bike they want, this immediately makes everything 100x more complicated and confusing.
The biggest climb I know of in the Netherlands is [this](https://www.strava.com/segments/1511750) one - 121m of climbing at 4% average grade (over 2.8km). Being able to ride hills like that is no comparison to major alpine passes - for example [this](https://www.strava.com/segments/5506849) is a popular pass for cycle tourists between Switzerland and Italy. - 1400m climbing at 8% average (over 16km) Later in the route you may have to tackle similar passes on very rugged roads and/or at altitudes that cause dizziness and shortness of breath &gt;The bike has drum brakes, which have worked perfectly for over four years of intensive use That's the advantage of drum brakes - they are all about low maintenence above all else. They are not designed for strenuous applications or to be able to dissipate heat from long descents. The only kinds of bikes sold with drum brakes are opa/omafiets for this reason. &gt;Do you really think the brakes get so hot on a descent that it can damage parts of the bicycle and/or brake system? Damage to the brakes from the heat is the least of your worries, the real issue is brake fade, where the brakes stop working because they're so hot - you pull the levers as hard as you can and the bike picks up speed. You are then very lucky if you don't end up in hospital or worse. Plus drum brakes while low maintenance are very difficult to service on the road, and the brake mechanism wearing out often means the whole wheel has to be replaced. This could leave you with a useless bike or waiting weeks for a special wheel to come from Holland (drum brakes are extremely uncommon in most of the world). In comparison rim brakes are extremely easy to service. &gt;Despite its unfortunate shape, the bike's frame is made of very thick material and feels super sturdy. Well yes, that's why it weighs so much, it's massively reinforced to be as strong as a bike with a crossbar. If you had the same bike with a crossbar it would likely weight 2-4kg less. But strength isn't the same thing as being able to stop flexing. &gt;Probably going to just give it a shot and see how far this beast gets me, and buy another bicycle around Turkey (where bike shops appear to be quite common according to touring blogs) if really neccesary. How much are you going to spend if/when that happens?
I moved to a country where helmet use is compulsory and it sucks. I grew up somewhere that's not the case and I only ever used a helmet for mountain biking and road cycling. I've ridden to work without my helmet several times without thinking, only realising half way to work. Yet to run into police when this has happened, but riding along in fear of them when you feel you're doing nothing wrong and know you would be treated like you have contempt for the law if they do pull you over sucks. Also seen some cases where there's a bike around which someone could use for a journey but they don't use it and drive/get a lift instead because they don't have a helmet (and they're afraid of a police fine, not of a head injury). The way the law was implemented was terrible too, no collection of statistics on bicycle usage/participation levels, rate of head injuries or other injuries was done before or after the law change - so while it seems clear that cyclist numbers dropped significantly, as happened in Australia, it's impossible to quantify this. Many believe this wasn't just accidental oversight, but a way to prevent future criticism of the change.
Fantastic job, very impressive considering what you started with. Got to say those saddles look pretty uncomfortable to me though.
Just try more saddles. I don't get on with the Antares either.
I nearly had to pull out my credit card when I saw they were on clearance but managed to restrain myself
&gt;Llamas are not pack animals You [sure](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-kBDUQs6AVlY/UFQVv2rHsII/AAAAAAAAISU/d5qfvXpJgN0/s1600/index1.jpg)? First sentence of Wikipedia article on llamas: &gt;The llama (/ˈlɑːmə/; Spanish: [ˈʝama] locally: [ˈʎama] or [ˈʒama]) (Lama glama) is a domesticated South American camelid, **widely used as a meat and pack animal**
Didn't notice that, also looks like the stoker is responsible either for shifting or breaking. I really hope shifting!
Look at women's bikes, they're the same as the men's but with a shorter top tube (and other features designed around people with long legs and a short torso). Otherwise bikes that are a size smaller than what charts suggest will fit you better (with the seat and handlebars raised to suit).
When does this happen? Are you aware you're going to punch the tree before you hit it?
Why wouldn't they be available there? Edit - don't mean to be a dick, but it seems kind of bizarre to wonder that, makes me wonder if you think people in South America all live in wooden huts in the jungle or something. Road cycling is popular throughout south america and latin america. Nairo Quintana from Colombia won the Giro d'Italia a couple of years ago
Got to say I'm not a fan of State bicycles, they're too much about slick marketing and looks, like not fitting/photoshopping out brakes from photos of the bikes so they look cleaner than other brands that don't do that, and going for gimmicks like rainbow finish on cranks and deep section wheels. The black label in particular looks all about form over function, basically turning the bike into a boneshaker so it looks cool. Also think 35% off doesn't necessarily mean that much if they aren't great value at MSRP, or are selling off stock at the end of the model year (and it's getting into the time of the year when brands start doing that). Some brands get a surprising portion of their sales through corporate discounts. I would class a bike like the Fuji Feather as a fixed gear that is good value and free of gimmicks. I'd also personally prefer to ride your 950, it was a better quality bike when new than either of those States, and more suitable for riding in the city on rougher roads with it's wider tires and shock absorbing butted chromoly frame - a more versatile bike in general. People ride around the world on Trek 950s. Going by the photo it looks like it's a bit too big for you though.
Totally, there's a [lot more discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/1fck0u/absolute_dick_rams_into_the_back_of_a_girl_on_the/ca91wgg) from when the full video was first posted in 2013. One of the top comments: &gt;Sure he's yelling and acting a fool, but if you watch closely, the dad in front wearing red deliberately caused the collision. All 3 are going about the same speed and "absolute dick" is just as far behind the girl as she is from her father. They had already stopped multiple times, ignoring their own safety and breaking the rules, and in the moments before the impact, you can see the dad brake immediately after the track drops down. There's no way for the "absolute dick" to brake in time and the dad knows it. One frame of the video even shows him looking back while breaking before the collision. He purposefully planned it and put his own daughter in danger so he could ruin the fun of another rider. But hey, a sensationalist title gets more views, so whatever. In the full video you also see the Dad smiling and not giving a shit when he gets off the ride even though his daughter is crying
How long ago was that? Ortlieb is [now distributed in Argentina](http://biciclub.com/llego-ortlieb-a-la-argentina/) (in Spanish obviously) Here's the stock of Shimano cassettes in a shop in Rosario: http://www.lirasport.com.ar/page/productos/idcat/21/idtag/15 Shop with a ton of Shimano stuff in Buenos Aires: http://www.furiashop.com/files/local_de_furia_specialized_shop_solis_1221.asp This is a shop in Mendoza that stocks Shimano etc https://www.facebook.com/Ambrosi.Bicicleta/ Where do people get all the bikes for sale [here](http://www.btt.com.ar/compra-venta/ruta-y-triatlon/bicicletas-de-ruta-y-pista/)? Sure stuff is more expensive because of tarrifs, but it's not true to suggest you can't get parts, or that it's so expensive no one buys it.
The frame design and the deep section wheels. Frames like that trade comfort for aerodynamics, the tubes are extremely stiff and aren't able to absorb bumps like a traditional frame. It's fine if you're only riding at the velodrome or on perfectly smooth tarmac, not so cool on bumpy roads. The deep section wheels are the same principle - better aerodynamics, but they don't deflect to absorb bumps, are much heavier and catch crosswinds. They're basically a gimmick to imitate the look of carbon fibre wheels on more expensive bikes. Can tell the Trek is on the big side because of how much seatpost is exposed. When a saddle is that close to the top tube of the frame low either means the frame is too big or you're riding with the seat too low.
Yeah the stack would be lower, but depending on the bike that might not be an issue. Women's frames avoid the lower stack height. The only issue I could see with a women's bike would be probably needing to swap for a men's saddle.
I was being tongue in cheek, I don't actually believe that's what you think
The scorch guard doesn't help if you knock it over while lit. I stupidly tried to move the stove after it was lit once and set fire to the entire top surface of a picnic table. I was able to put it out before it even scorched anything, but if that had happened onto dry twigs I could easily have started a forest fire. Sure with perfect operation that's not going to happen, but it's about 100x easier to screw up badly like that than with a gas canister stove
I can't say I've ever needed to refill my Fancy Feast again to finish boiling water when I have filled it all the way, even with a full litre of water in the pot. Jut the basic design, no fibreglass wicking or anything.
Awesome, did you do a write up on the research anywhere? Would be super keen to read it. Did you do any testing on size of the holes?
Those MSRPs are borderline fake, they're always [being discounted](http://static.bfads.net/size/250x250f/a/1706/i_MC-Sports-2015-Mongoose-Vinson-Fat-Bike-BFAds-1447276088.jpg) by that sort of amount.
What's the deal with the pentagon shape though?
That all seems smart, will say I haven't had a proper garage for years, just put a few sheets of newspaper down on the floor or work outside if the weather is good. The tires you might not *need* to replace, but wider tires are easily the biggest upgrade you could make in improving the way the bike rides. It would be significantly more comfortable, more grip on the road, better handling, you would have less risk of punctures and not need to run very high tire pressure.
&gt;even now the handlebar stem has been raised higher than the man. markings recommend. This is highly unsafe to ride - that mark is there for a reason. If the stem detaches/breaks while you're riding it's not that you're not risking broken parts on the bike, but severe injuries when you faceplant into the road - possibly paralysis or death. $20-40 on a new stem/handlebars to fix the issue is way cheaper than a hospital visit. &gt;however it also has original aluminum rims which are bound to fracture. What makes you think that? &gt;could I not install short travel shocks and slightly smaller wheels to compensate and maintain close to original handling? The next wheel size down is 2" smaller, the brakes would no longer line up with the rims and you'd ground the pedals really easily. Not going to work. Also wouldn't make any difference to the change of geometry, you're misunderstanding the effects - it's not so much that the front gets higher is the cause of the handling problems, but it tilts the whole bike back as if you lift the front wheel a few inches off the ground. That still happens even if the wheels are smaller. &gt;I was hoping I could soften up the ride, and I realized it would need short travel shocks... What tires does the bike have? Tires are much more important than suspension for comfort on the road. If you're currently running narrower hybrid tires like 32c or 35c, switching to wider 2" or 2.3" slicks would make the bike far more comfortable Can you take a photo of your bike? It would help a massive amount and remove a lot of guesswork
Sounds like the film is more about unsafe driving than unsafe cycling. Title made me think it was going to be an anti-cycling film showing riders breaking the law and they had buzzed a cyclist while making it.
They're a road bike specialist shop, maybe not the best choice to take a mountain bike.
New frame unless you want to risk a trip to hospital, surprised you're even asking
Yeah my advice would be to do everything you can to find the money for this - you could try making a slightly lower offer but the asking price is more than fair and I wouldn't be surprised if they are firm about it. I would be surprised if you found a bike anything like as suitable for less money even if you waited months, they're really not that common to see in small sizes. Also that bike would be good enough to ride on all the way up to getting into serious racing, not just to 'try it out but will need to get something better/more up to the job if you like it'. It's a hell of a lot of bike for 600
Atroz is a poor choice to the point I consider Diamond Back a less reputable brand for including them in their range.
Forgot to talk about the issues they mention in the listing With the 'wire' (cable/hose) issue, that's presumably with the shifter, and is no big deal, would cost only $10-20 to get fixed at a bike shop. It could make the shifting not quite right until it's fixed depending on if they adjusted it or not. If by wire they mean a hydraulic hose for one of the brakes (less less likely to develop problems or to 'go into itself'), a little more expensive but still not a dealbreaker I would say. Bring along a pump for the tires in case they don't have one and they're too flat to ride.
Yep, while no doubt some marginal farmland is overvalued right now purely because there's no land tax, I'd expect the introduction of a land tax would see those values drop until they either become sustainable for farming again or are best off being sold to the government and reverted to convservation land.
&gt; They'd find another excuse if the law didn't exist. And what are you talking about here? Who is 'they'? You're suggesting cyclists didn't want to cycle and used the law as an excuse to not cycle? It doesn't even make sense.
What is your point? &gt;Lights: You have NO idea what you're talking about. I never said anything about lights except in reference to that photo of Dutch commuters riding in the daytime. &gt;Yes, many of those people don't even know how to use their front brake correctly. If anything goes wrong, they're fucked. How do you work that out? If they aren't on a fancy bike and in fancy kit they don't know how to ride? Millions of safe journeys are made by people like that every day. &gt;Why do you think I'm from NA? I'm actually from CZ. Where did I say I thought you were from North America? I only "if you are from North America" because north americans are the most common on here, and it's usually Americans that have these apologist/cyclist hating atttiudes &gt;So you don't mind assholes in cars either? What do you think? What do you get out of of your negative attitude criticising other cyclists? Is it all about feeling superior to others? &gt;I linked to a Reddit thread. The last link to a video I posted is 4 days old and unrelated to this. Wow, I clicked the link and that's the asshole? I won't link the Reddit post from today (with actual reckless riding) I thought you were talking about.
I have had problems once or twice where a brake does't work when I take the bike out of the car or after not being ridden for a few months, but that's in like 15 years of riding discs and those were older/cheaper brakes. Rim brakes might be the simplest, easiest to service and most reliable brakes in theory (and I choose them for cycle touring) but they stop working properly in muddy conditions and don't give the same amount of control as a good hydraulic because you have to pull the lever harder.
You're supposed to hit the apex on bends, you mean the kerb
Locking out your elbows is a bad habit you should work hard to avoid, as is shoulder hunching and slouching. You should always have your arms slightly bent. If you're slouching, get your back posture better and you won't have to bend your neck as much. You are probably lacking in core strength right now which will come with more riding and maybe some exercises off the bike
The 'fat guy across America' is a scammer, see [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/blogsnark/comments/3qwmfz/eli5_eric_hites_fat_guy_across_america/) and [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/bicycling/comments/3mhj74/has_anyone_heard_of_eric_hites_the_fat_guy_across/) Relevant to what you're asking: &gt;People keep warning him that he needs to get heavy-duty tandem wheels because he's had to stop for maintenance multiple times (including a completely bent rim with the first bike). He ignores all of that advice, because it would mean actually spending some of the $$$$ that has been donated to him for that purpose. A Walmart bike isn't built to last for someone who weighs 140lb, let alone a Clydesdale rider. They are disposable bikes, so cheap and nasty they're written off just by needing two new tires or a new bearing. At least you wouldn't be replacing wheels on Walmart bikes because even a cheap aftermarket wheel costs more than a Walmart bike is worth second hand.
I do, I think OP is dumb for not wearing gloves
There's nothing special about the FX series compared to similar bikes from other brands. I don't rate the FX 7.2 compared to other similar priced bikes like the Giant Escape 2 or Jamis Coda Sport because it has boneshaking hi-ten steel forks.
You don't need to spend big bucks on the pedals the other commenter suggests. If you just bought a $2000 new bike I'd be recommending the same pedals, but for a cheap second hand bike [these](http://www.chainreactioncycles.com/nz/en/wellgo-v8-copy-flat-pedals/rp-prod563) are nearly as good for a lot less money.
The only time I do this is if I'm cycle touring and it's not feasible to make it all the way to the top riding out of the saddle - all you do trying to do so is wear yourself out quicker. I just get off and push for a bit. For normal riding, putting in that kind of effort where you barely make it over the top of the hill is half the reason I go out though.
Would say malfunctions are extremely likely since you [damaged your rim](http://imgur.com/2Gd5lnP)
Got to ask, why choose an aluminium frame for a project like that? I would have thought if you're welding stuff it would be a poor choice. Colin Furze's bike had a steel frame.
Like going to a purpose built bikepark and riding the intermediate/advanced difficulty trails, or just random trails in parks and forests etc? Do you want to do aggressive riding with stunts, jumps, drops etc, or just ride offroad and explore the countryside?
So it's probably fairly well set up for that as it is now - the short stem, wide bars that have been suggested make more sense for extreme riding - for less extreme stuff they add a lot more wind resistance that slows you down on places like gravel roads. You could still consider going slightly wider and slightly shorter stem, as in what riser bars were like back in the 90s (a few inches wider than the current bars rather than twice as wide like modern ones), and maybe a 110mm stem (looks like 130 currently), but not to what modern trail bikes are set up like. I'd probably keep the bar ends too unless you don't use them - though if you don't feel a desire to use them when climbing hills its probably an indication that the current stem is too long for you. For tires I'd recommend something fast/supple without such an aggressive centre tread to maximise speed like Schwalbe [Sammy Slick](http://www.schwalbe.com/en/offroad-reader/sammy-slick.html) or Furious Fred. If you're riding more than the occasional bit of tarmac though you'd want something with a harder rubber compound like something from Schwalbes Marathon range. The main weak point of the bike I'd say is the front fork, I'd look to swap it eventually for either a rigid fork or a better suspension fork. The Indys were totally outclassed by Rock Shox' better quality forks even when they were new. Your best bet for suspension replacements would be forks of a similar age but that were higher in Rock Shox or Marzocchi's range when new. Be wary of cheap brand new forks from brands like Suntour, RST and Omni, there's a good chance they'd be worse than what you have now. Edit - as suggested elsewhere pedals are a definite thing to upgrade - I'd say that should be the first thing to do. As for the saddle that's all about personal taste. I like Selle Italia and WTB saddles, but lots of people like fizik or other brands.
I used to watch [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faking_It) show where people try to get good at something totally different from their everyday life, and are judged in a blind competition with established professionals. Like a city lawyer becoming a garage/drum &amp; bass MC or a punk rocker learning to be a orchestral conductor. Many people featured on the show achieved it and put on a better performance than those who had been doing it for a living for years, but not without a ridiculous amount of practice, professional help/coaching from top names in the business, and most importantly they were all bright people that were already fairly distinguished in their chosen field. A successful journalist is vastly more likely to be able to master memory hacks than your average dumbass.
So this is Nepal - Sun at such a high angle in the sky in April combined with snow like that means we're either looking at the high Andes or the Himalayas, and somewhere high up - this looks to be a lodge for trekkers and climbers, likely above anywhere accessible by road. Looking closely at the guy's map, with this in mind it becomes cleear the shape on the foldout is Nepal upside-down. The only clues I can make out from terrain shown on the map is there is significant glaciation shown and it's a large scale map. After that I'm stumped though - spend a while looking on Google Earth with no further progress. I would guess that this is close to one of the major Himalayan peaks however, perhaps Annapurna or the peaks around Everest
I'm confused on how it will it help you save money.
That seems more like something to allow you to use a single pannier as a backpack, like if you want to go hiking and don't want to bring a seperate daypack, not for securing more than one pannier while in a shop. Would also say at 11oz it's very heavy for what it is, this complete backpack weighs less than just that adaptor and I would bet rolls down smaller too. Edit - [link](http://gossamergear.com/minimalist-ultralight-daypack-archive.html) to backpack
I'd say the biggest drawback of the 7.2 is the hi-ten steel fork, also the lower grade alu on the frame and cheaper contact points (saddle, bars, stem, grips) and wheels/tires than the 7.3 will likely negatively impact comfort.
&gt;It seems to me at least that wheel size affects the "power" (sorry I'm an amateur I don't know the proper term), just like when you go up or down a gear, while the chainrings also amplifies this. While power is not the correct term to use here, that's pretty much correct. A smaller wheel has to do more rotations to cover the same distance. &gt;In this case, for optimising a bike for long distance travel is it safe to say larger wheels (everything else being equal) is equal to more power output, just like a gear up? If bikes didn't have gears this would be true, that's why penny farthings had massive wheels. But the advancement of chain drive and different sized sprockets meant that wheel size is no longer related to the speed the bike can do.
Bah, they deleted the post, bloody totes messenger! He said in his reply he knew how to weld aluminium and steel together. I guess it is technically [possible](http://www.esabna.com/us/en/education/blog/can-i-weld-aluminum-to-steel.cfm) but I doubt any individual would have the resources to do so or to get the resulting item up to a decent temper
sample text
Ah I see, sorry I didn't realise you were OP as was looking from replies. If you aren't getting anything more out of the new bike than your old one and you can't see that changing in the future then I agree the best course is to sell it. I have a bike I got for $50 (though 200 would be more of a fair price if I hadn't got a great deal with a couple of parts needing fixing, I actually paid $22 before it was fixed) and if I wasn't a serious mountain biker and road cyclist it would be plenty good enough, and I ride it a lot for everyday usage. I also have a road bike that I got super cheap (though it's actually a very good quality vintage bike) and it's so good compared to my modern carbon bike it's hard to see how the latter is worth so much more money (I bought the carbon bike first). I definitely have found that with bikes quality is timeless - a good bike from 20 years ago can be almost as good as a good bike from today for everything except the more extreme side of mountain biking, and for a fraction of the price.
I've always had the idea it was a security guard. No trains around, it seemed like a goods yard or sidings. Was at about 1.30am though. Don't know how I got in there other than it seemed to have got darker like there were no street lights, having trouble finding where I was going before I hit the train tracks - don't remember turning off the main road and can't think why I would have done so (maybe because I had no lights?). Looking at the map [this](https://www.google.co.nz/maps/place/49%C2%B016'19.8%22N+123%C2%B004'53.5%22W/@49.2721659,-123.0820685,184m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x0!8m2!3d49.272165!4d-123.08152) looks the most likely spot I got onto the train tracks based on where I was coming from and going to. They came from directly behind me, where I'd been riding, so after looking at map they could well have been to do with the industrial/retail buildings I must have ridden past rather than the railway. I was only going about 10kph due to the flat tire so they would have had plenty of chance to come after me if they saw me.
There's a ton of really well written articles, you can read for hours about it. Even the Wikipedia pages on the 32x, Saturn and Dreamcast are fascinating reads
What's the stigma about Planet X? I've only ever heard good things about them, at least in recent years.
If you don't get any good answers online a good bet would be to go to a bike shop or bike hire shop and they'll hopefully at least be able to point you to places on a map or give you a trail map or something.
Just to offer a counter-point as the other comment replies are totally positive so far, I had some of the DX pedals for a couple of years, they were OK but I never thought they were that great especially if using them as flat pedals. I went with some Time ATAC clipless/flat combos on my new bike and for me they were better in both departments.
It depends if you're a road cyclist or a mountain biker - 'SPDs' is pretty much synonymous with 'clipless pedals' for most mountain bikers because Shimano totally dominated the offroad clipless market from the start, with Look never really having a look in, and Time not being on time to the party. For road cyclists this has never been the case as like you say Look was there from the start and Shimano has never dominated the market.
I agree with parent, if you are doing proper riding with jumps and stuff a $500 new bike isn't going to be up to the job in terms of performance or reliability. My recommendation would be to look for a bike that's in good condition from somewhere between about 2006 and 2012, with 2006 being something fairly special that was several thousand dollars new like [this](http://www.bicyclebluebook.com/searchlistingdetail.aspx?id=11888), 2012 probably being an upper entry-level bike that was maybe $1500 new like [this](http://www.bicyclebluebook.com/searchlistingdetail.aspx?id=3040827). Only using those bikes as examples for price/quality, not suggesting cross-country orientated bikes are necessarily the best for you. Although MTB tech has improved since then imo that's the sort of sweet spot area for a beginner with $500 imo, if you look at newer bikes with shinier paint there's often pitfalls. You never know though, sometimes you can get [lucky](https://www.reddit.com/r/bicycling/comments/4nwdh0/nto_mebd_small_2011_giant_faith/), they got that for only a bit more than the top end of your budget. Use Google and sites like bicyclebluebook to see how much bikes were new/are worth.
So Bernard Hopkins and Jermain Taylor didn't hit the gym? Depends how much of the 160 is muscle.
It's a road bike so it's not going to get covered in mud and should be much easier to get in and out than something like a heavier, longer wheelbase mountain bike. Just get a couple of blankets and put them down before you put the bike in, to protect the interior. I much prefer having my bikes in the car, it's quicker to get in and out, less likely to get damaged, much less likely to get stolen if you want to park go to the supermarket or get a takeaway on the way back home, and doesn't impact your fuel economy. It might seem a hassle to put a wheel on/off, but at least for me it's not compared to fitting/removing a rack and hooking/unhooking a bunch of straps. Though I now drive a hatchback and don't need to take any wheels off at all which is even easier. I'm usually off riding when people with racks that pulled up at the same time are still undoing and putting away straps. There is no risk to the bike from taking the front wheel on and off regularly as long as you use the quick release correctly and aren't rough when lining up the pads with the rotors. If you think it's not good for it I'm concerned you're grinding the QR bolt into the fork when turning it or trying to use it like a wingnut.
I was cursing the cameraman when he had it zoomed in and was going on about license plates but only because I was so absorbed.
Prices do seem reasonable at the shop assuming you get proper service and it's not like a big box store. &gt;I'm pretty sure I want a road bike (or hybrid?). If you aren't sure on this (drop bars or flat bars) you are best off finding out which you prefer before you buy a bike, and while everyone has their preferences, there's no substitute for test riding bikes. My advice would be to go to the shop and see if you can get a couple of demo rides to try flat bar vs drop bar - if they're a good shop they should have at least one each of flat bar and drop bar demo bike in your size that you pay a small amount to take a longer test ride on (that should be refunded if you buy a bike). A good shop should let you take a much shorter test ride on a particular bike you're considering buying too. There aren't any bad bikes as long as you're spending enough to avoid them, and $800 is enough to avoid bad road bikes or hybrids unless you went looking at fake carbon bikes on Aliexpress or monstrosities like [this](https://www.amazon.com/VISP-A01-Fashion-Bicycle-Mechanical-Brakes/dp/B00RQNRTUS) (which you'd only ever see online). For a hybrid $800 is probably overkill really unless you want disc brakes (make sure they're hydraulic if you do), otherwise the sweet spot is probably about $600. Recommend avoiding hybrids with suspension forks. Road bikes are more expensive but $800 can still get you a decent entry level one like a Synapse or a Trek 1 series. In other words you can't really go wrong unless you get the wrong type of bike, and the best way to avoid that is by test riding bikes.
I went for a 3 week cycle tour last summer, almost didn't take a bell as I don't normally ride with one but decided to just for completeness - needed to use it once when I was on narrow double-track (purpose built cycle trail but not closed to people on foot) coming up behind a jogger going in the same direction. Gave it a loud 'ting', no response, 'ting ting ting', slam on the brakes and barely miss hitting into the back of her, she gets a fright. Was wearing earbuds and totally oblivious (I couldn't see them as she had long hair). That's the issue with bells imo, they can lead you to think people will get out of the way when there's a good chance they won't, or will even move in a direction opposite to what you hoped for/anticipated.
I'd take a walk down to your local police and ask for advice/assistance. If the street is that busy who knows if someone might assume you're a thief and decide to be a vigilante and sucker punch you from behind, or you could end up wasting a ton of time explaining the same stuff to the cops in worse circumstances.
Looks good, seems like a reasonable price, just check condition carefully.
I was running Strava on Froyo until a couple of months ago, not very reliable though (took like 5 minutes to upload rides and often lost big chunks of the route) and if I'd deleted it from the phone I wouldn't have been able to redownload from Google Play.
It's not absurd when you consider the UK invented the imperial system
It would be very unlikely to get a saddle that's perfect for you on your first bike. Only way to find one that doesn't hurt your butt is to ride more bikes/saddles. Some shops have demo saddles they lend out so you can try before you buy (they're usually bright yellow colour)
That boy be takin looong time up on that bizzike yahear?
I'd say the LHT is the single bike that's most overhyped and most commonly bought by people that it's not suitable for, like people that don't even do cycle touring. It's not a bad bike by any means, but for the kind of tour you're doing and load you're carrying the Cross-Check or Straggler would be the better choice in Surly's range imo and would be a better bike to own and ride for uses other than touring to boot. Are you interested in learning to work on the bike/building the bike? Buying a frame and building it up could be an option. Have you considered used bikes? If you're going new I'd reccomend spending the full $1500, it's an investment and one you'll be glad of making a couple of thousand miles into the tour.
Was part of the challenge cycling in totally unsuitable skinny hipster jeans?
No. The only time I might consider it would be if I was on a cycle tour on a long boring stretch where there's pretty much zero traffic or other cyclists. Otherwise I enjoy cycling to get a break from media saturation, and even if you have earbuds down low/turned off, they're still basically earplugs, your hearing will never be as good.
Was the bike new? Did this happen right from when you first got it or develop/got worse over time? Has the finish on the post worn to look like it is only being clamped in some spots? &gt;The diameter of the seat post is between 1.227 and 1.23 inches measured with a caliper. Seatposts are sized in mm (even in the US), that sounds like a 31.2mm. That's a rare size and choices for new posts are very limited. You might be best off getting a [shim](https://www.sjscycles.co.uk/seat-posts/280-use-seat-post-shim-272-mm-id/) so you can run a different sized post if you do change it. But the next size of post up is only .2mm bigger, it's not impossible the bike has the wrong size post if you got it used. Check the specifications for your frame that it should take a 31.2mm post. An upgrade to a carbon post could be a worthwhile upgrade anyway, should noticably reduce buzz to the saddle. You're not really getting the full advantage of a carbon frame if you're running an alu seatpost. But I expect you would need to get a shim as I don't think there's any carbon 31.2 posts made.
An actual CX bike is probably not what you want though, they're designed for racing hard over shorter distances and often don't have rack mounts - however gravel/'allroad' bikes are basically the same thing but with longer wheelbase, more relaxed geometry and mounts. Compare the Giant TCX (cyclocross) and Revolt (gravel/allroad)
Two best options are gravel/allroad bikes like I mentioned in another comment and rigid mountain bikes set up with wide slick tires. I have carbon and steel road bikes and two FS mountain bikes but I most frequently ride an old [vintage bike from the mid-90s](https://www.reddit.com/r/MTB/comments/24m0eq/riding_a_50_bike_impressions_of_owning_a_budget/) I got very cheap (but it's quite good quality). Since that photo all I've done is change the tires, chain and cassette and it has a rear rack on all the time. I use it for cycle touring, commuting in the city, shopping, XC mountain biking (it's more fun than my newer FS bikes on easier trails), riding with friends who are less keen cyclists and for practicing stunts like wheelies and trials moves. The Surly Troll would be the most common new equivalent of a bike like this. However I don't think it's a better choice than a bike with drop bars, it's just a bit more orientated towards mountain biking and stunts and pays for that with lower average speed.
As others have pointed out Rotor brought out a group. I wouldn't be surprised if hydraulic took off over the next 5-10 years and become a standard alternative to electronic on high-end bikes. I am normally sceptical of new tech, but I think hydraulic shifting is potentially a great idea. It has a big advantage over hydraulic braking in that heat buildup isn't an issue so you can use a closed system that should never need bleeding or adjustment. It could give a shifting setup with the advantages of eletronic in never needing adjustment/maintenance but without any batteries. They also won't necessarily be heavier, while cheap hydraulic discs can be heavy, high end ones (like Formula R1) come lighter than mechanical.
Yeah the 720s are sturdy as. With a lighter load I might consider a 750 for the nicer frame and parts. Also think the 8xx and 9xx series of same era are fantastic tourers.
Chances are his bike is set up wrong for him elsewhere or he needs a Selle SMP saddle or at least one with a cutout. I used to run nose-down saddle (not nearly as much as OP photo) when I first started road biking for the same reason and the issue was the bike had too much reach for me. I put a shorter stem and compact bars on, a flat saddle was suddenly much more comfortable and I didn't have sore shoulders after riding either. If I had to guess the OP photo rider is trying to ride a massive saddle-bar drop that they don't have the core strength to pull off.
Hand-moulded by team Astana from their own shit, the S-Works™ Crap-on Fiber® limited edition offers lateral compliance while remaining vertically soft and is easily repairable at the road side.
I'm 6'2 and tend to ride 'large' size frames, it depends on your proportions a lot, but I'd expect XL would be OK, though there's a chance if you have a long torso you'd be better off on an XXL. How did you settle on it though? By test riding bikes of different sizes? There aren't better manufacturers, anyone selling bad bikes over about $400 would go out of business in today's globalised market, however there are poor choices of the type of bike. I've read through comments in your other post and it looks like this could well be the case. A very common mistake is getting a mountain bike when it's not really suitable for the riding you want to do. Mountain bikes have a bunch of drawbacks - the tires and suspension will be unsuitable for 90% of the riding you're doing, and unless you like riding in steep, wet muddy conditions unwarranted on the other 10%. MTBs are heavy and slow compared to other kinds of bikes if you're not riding technical offroad terrain, this translates to boring to ride and more of an undertaking to ride from A to B. They need more maintenance than other kinds of bikes. They are also more expensive than most other kinds of bikes due to all the technology like suspension forks and disc brakes required. This translates to lower quality parts and frame at a given price point. Because of this if you were buying a mountain bike to go mountain biking I wouldn't recommend the Talon 3 anyway, in particular the suspension forks are cheap imitations of forks on more expensive bikes and are like a 6lb flexy pogo stick that constantly bottoms out when it gets rough (until they rust and sieze up thanks to being made from cheap steel rather than the alu/magnesium alloy better forks are made from). Several people in the other thread recommended a cyclocross bike, and that is what I would recommend, either that or a hybrid bike. I disagree 100% with the guy at the bottom who told you that you'd need a mountain bike. I own a $2800 new Giant Anthem X29er and it sucks to ride on the road, but if I didn't own 5 other bikes I might not realise how much more fun other bikes are or how capable they are at offroad riding despite not being mountain bikes. If you don't want to do hardcore mountain biking then getting a mountain bike is a mistake. And the Talon 3 wouldn't cut it if you did anyway. I would recommend in the Giant range either this: https://www.giant-bicycles.com/en-us/bikes/model/seek.3/22181/83983/ ($620) or this: https://www.giant-bicycles.com/en-us/bikes/model/toughroad.slr.2/22192/84013/ ($870) The toughroad is a fair bit extra over the Seek but for me it looks a much better bike and well worth the extra if you can afford it, really nice frame and fork, better quality wheels and tires, decent Shimano hydraulic brakes and better drivetrain components - also looks like it has a better ride position for longer rides than the Seek, which looks quite upright. These bikes would give you much of the capability of a mountain bike but with none of the drawbacks. Or if you want to save money even have a look at the $460 Giant Escape 2, it would be fine on mild offroad and with some slightly wider tires it would cope with most offroad riding, and is very good value.
Those are awesome - I've been to a few countries and I reckon here in NZ we have the best selection of bars, you can get those everywhere and there are some really awesome local brands, I really like [these](http://www.tasti.co.nz/products/meganuts) peanut based ones and [these](http://www.motherearth.co.nz/tag/bos/) oat ones to change it up.
Well there's no point spending $100 repairing Walmart bikes that are only worth $60 second hand in good condition. They are disposable bikes in every sense, so it's definitely a good call to look at better bikes. However At 220 you would be too heavy for the stock coils in the forks on the bikes you're looking at, and you may not be able to get heavier replacement springs easily, or ones rated for a rider of 220lbs. Even if you did they would still be mediocre suspension forks with skinny, flexy 26 or 28mm stanchions that don't cope well with serious riding or a heavier rider. All bikes at the sort of price you're looking at will be the same, you don't see decent air sprung forks until bikes that are a fair bit higher in the range. Apart from that, while those bikes are a step up on Walmart bikes I would never recommend them for proper mountain biking even to a rider who was 140lbs, and would always advise looking at used bikes instead at that kind of budget. Mountain bikes are really expensive bikes compared to other kinds of bikes because of the amount of technology and engineering requirements on them. The cheapest mountain bike I'd recommend for someone of your weight and riding plans would probably be this [Seeker](https://www.airbornebicycles.com/products/seeker) which comes with good quality 32mm stanchion air sprung forks from a good brand (Rock Shox), and good quality hydro discs from another good brand (Avid). However they're a mail order brand, for something close to as good from a brand like Trek or Giant you'd be looking at $1100+. If you can't consider bikes for that kind of money (and I'd be surprised if anyone could double their budget like that) then your best option is likely looking at used bikes, where you would be able to find decent quality bikes from $300+
There's a ton of genres of music made with computers that people don't do that with, but sure, I know what you mean. I'd still say most people that use that definition would class that abomination as 'pop music' rather than 'techno'. Maybe if you're American it's slightly different as there's been less electronic pop in the charts there over the last 30 years. 'EDM' has never been a term that's used in the UK for example.
That looks good depending on how tall you are and assuming it's not in bad condition. I'd say price depends heavily on condition. Photo is from wrong side of bike to see the drivetrain and no closeups so can't really go from that. If it rides good and nothing seems worn out then 175 is not a bad price, though you should probably try offering a bit less anyway, you can always come back up. If it has worn out parts the price worth paying drops quite a bit however.
Yeah there are higher roads but not climbing from sea level in a short distance
Have hiked it, would be a push up and not much fun coming down though I've read of people doing it. Snowdon, the highest mountain in England and Wales however is great for mountain biking from the summit (if it's still allowed).
Not just everyday life, yards and miles are still the official unit for longer distances.
Head to the Peak District or South Wales whichever is closer.
I started on flats for a few years, went to clipless for a few years, went back to flats. I started road cycling too a few years ago and ride clipless there, definitely prefer it for road cycling. I think I would consider clipless for more serious XC riding nowadays, but don't have a dedicated XC racing bike to do so and haven't done any XC racing for years. It also does seem to give an advantage in DH racing (based on the proportion of clipless/flat seen among top pro riders nowadays). But I'm pretty much sure I prefer flats for general trail/recreational riding. I don't feel good doing stuff like manuals and bunny hops with clipless.
I would say the Giant Escape 2 at 460 MSRP is your best bet. The other bikes have significant compromises in comparison, the extra $10 over budget for the Escape 2 is well worth the extra. It has better quality parts and a better fork that the other bikes - it will be nicer to ride and absorb bumps better. This kind of price point is where an extra few bucks really makes a difference.
It seems like a cool idea but don't think I'd get one - main issues I see are once you've put up your tent you can't ride the bike, and you can't use it for hiking or kayaking or anything where you aren't on a bike. It would also have to be pegged down securely every time to not risk collapsing over in a side-on gust when a normal bivy wouldn't (and I expect it wouldn't be able to handle as serious a storm as a standalone bivy).
The Cross Check is a good bet for sure. I'm not sure about 1x if you want to head into the mountains though or go touring on it. 1x is sweet if you're in a flatter area but in the mountains there's likely not enough gear range, especially if you don't have a budget of thousands to get a bike with a super wide range (e.g. 10-46) 11 speed setup. 1x10 is cool, I ride it on two of my MTBs, but you do run out of gears fast when you get off the trails and onto the road - and gearing it for flatter roads in the city would mean pushing up a lot of hills. You also should bear in mind that a lot of the advantages of 1x in mountain biking don't apply to other kinds of cycling - not having a front derailleur allowing uncompromised rear suspension design, and 1x setups with clutch derailleur and wide-narrow ring being less likely to chain drop on jumps, drops etc. The Kona Rove has a steel frame version with 1x, if you want to test ride something with it.
Nice, in the previous thread I was thinking it looked like major bad news, but great that you were able to fix it just with bearing replacement.
If it's anything like the NZ one I'd get there a day or two early when it's quieter, ride until you're too worn out and then spend recovery days watching the pros and partying. Have been to Whistler so have an idea what it's like but not for any event. My buddy went to the Rotorua one last year (we're in NZ) and though he had a good time decided not to go up on Crankworx weekend this year because he's always keen to do a fair bit of riding and said it was too busy to get a decent number of runs in, especially for the price - lots of queuing instead of riding. I'd be keen to stay in Whistler as it's a fair haul from Squamish and Pemberton and you'd miss the after-hours atmosphere out of town.
That's a shame, those old Mantras are awesome looking bikes. Technically it could be welded, but to be strong it would involve re-tempering the entire section of the frame that's been welded which is a fairly involved process, and you'd lose the current paint job. Unless you're mates with an aluminium welder your best bet will probably be to look for another damaged Mantra where the opposite half of the frame has been broken and combine them, or just fix it cosmetically with some epoxy or something and promote it to a wall art piece.
Damn that's a real shame. It being on the rear triangle is better than if it was on the main section of the frame, but in the photo the shock is working to lever apart what's left of the rear triangle, so the dropout area may have been damaged too as a result. If you remove the shock and it doesn't spring back so the broken sides touch it's likely been damaged too.
Couple of questions on things I'm not sure about that it would help to know. What was your previous bike - a Giant Liv what? That's a whole brand, not a model of bike - they make all kinds of bikes from shopping bikes to downhill MTB racing bikes. What do you mean by 'crossroad'?
That Scott's not as nice as it looks, has very low-end parts, but anyway it's too small for you - that would only be good for someone up to about 5'11. At 6'4 there's going to be less options as you're at one end of the size scale. That hardrock would be OK, but it's not that great a bike really. It's a shame that Klein frame is out of reach - I think it's actually a great buy and an investment that could give you a good return in a few years if taken care of. I still think a new frame and swapping components over is your best bet though, but you don't have to spend that kind of money. [ This](http://www.ebay.com/itm/c-89-Vintage-Trek-950-SingleTrack-Butted-Steel-Mountain-Bike-Frameset-w-Extras-/301991436207?hash=item4650179faf:g:nc0AAOSwH6lXRINl) is in your size and a decent deal. All the parts on your Mantra that might not be compatible like the seatpost and headset are included and it would just be a case of swapping over the drivetrain parts, wheels, saddle/bars etc.
What's the deal with 'family/whanau'? If they're doing that, why don't they put 'New Zealand/Aotearoa' or 'food/kai' too? Serious question as someone who moved to NZ and doesn't get stuff like this.
What would distinguish that definition from a hapu, the number of people in the community? That definition doesn't fully agree with my experience either, I've seen and heard it used to refer to people that don't live in the same area (or don't any more), and I've got the impression that people that aren't blood relations can be classed as 'whanau' (like best friends you went to school with) on some level, correct me if I'm wrong.
Talking about political correctness, I've seen some public awareness stuff clearly aimed at Maori/Islanders on stuff like parenting, obesity and smoking that I'm pretty sure would be considered politically incorrect if in the UK and targeting a certain ethnic group there, but no one seems to care here.
Bikes are pretty basic, not like cars - it's difficult to explain why a Shimano drivetrain would shift worse on a Specialized frame than on any other, or why the brakes would rub worse. The explanations are one of either of these two things: 1. You went too cheap when you bought the bike and bought something that isn't designed for the kind of riding you do. Would have been the case with any other brand's bike at the same price. Entry-level Rockhoppers aren't cut out for serious mountain biking back then or now. 2. Either the maintenance being done to it is incompetent or you're expecting too much, like you expect the drivetrain to shift perfectly for a year+ with no maintenance and no cable adjustment. Have you always taken it to the same bike shop? If so, why would you keep doing that when they can't fix it right?
Some things have seemed very well done, the 'Ghost Chips' ad for example I felt was something aimed at everyone that just happened to use Maori/Pacific actors.
They aren't, they're cheap. $1000 for a solid new bike is a lot less than $7000 for a solid motorbike or $20,000 for a solid car. People just have a false idea of how much they should cost. They are complicated machines that need good quality materials. If the car industry was like the bike industry, as well as going to a showroom for Toyota or BMW etc, you'd be able to go to Walmart or Target and buy a 'car' for like $2000 that's some made-in-Vietnam 3-cyclinder deathtrap that's only designed to last for about 5,000 miles before it's uneconomical to repair. And like with cars you can just buy used. If you only had $6000 for a car you wouldn't go and buy a new Chinese or Indian supermini with a 800cc engine, you'd just get a decent used car. The same is true with bikes.
Because your rear wheel collapses?
Are you really going to eat all that food in one day without passing a shop? It's very common mistake to take a load of dry pasta/rice/whatever on a tour round the country, involving spurning bakeries and takeaways with fresh food because you feel you need to use up the dry stuff you packed.
His party was split between pro-Europe and anti-Europe factions - the referendum was supposed to be a way to force the anti-Europe faction to shut up and give him full support (if the public voted to stay then they would no longer have a platform). However the result went the opposite way to what he hoped/expected, meaning he's the leader of the losing faction in the party. To avoid conflict of interest he has to step down and an MP from the other faction take leadership of the party.
Were you sitting in the saddle or standing on the pedals when the bike hit the pothole? What pressure was your tire pumped at? Having tire pressure too low makes punctures and wheel damage far more likely to happen in situations like this. &gt;Lesson learned: slow down and pay better attention. Pretty much, or also learn to bunny hop or at least 'go light' on the bike, this allows you to escape situations like this.
Never seen it before but looks totally like a scam.
Save 70 or so grams by running the old 11 speed XX1 - Eagle seems like the only weird choice to me. Why would you need such a wide range cassette on such a lightweight bike anyway, surely you'll be flying up the hills
So I'd definitely say to get in lots of practice before you go so you're not limited to beginner trails. Places like Moab you have to have an certain amount of skills to be able to ride the 'classic' trails - not expert by any means, but you don't want to miss out on stuff like the Porcupine Rim because you're stuck on beginner trails that are like trails you could ride anywhere. &gt;Ideally we'd be able to pick up quality bikes from SF and return to LA. Do you know if anyone offers such service? Well I'm sure if you were willing to pay enough it would be possible. The rental charges for 2 whole weeks would also probably be close to the cost of buying a pretty decent bike. What I would do depends on what bikes you're riding now. If you're on high-end bikes now then I'd bring them with you for sure. With Virgin Atlantic you can bring a bike as well as your normal luggage for free. If you're on cheaper entry-level/beginner bikes I would leave them at home and either rent a bike in each place or buy new bikes when you arrive and then bring them back home.
Damage the paint you mean, no evidence anything else is damaged. Not like lightweight alu would far better either, there was a guy that posted a couple of months ago that wrote off his new CAAD 10/12 on like the second ride when he lost grip while pushing it and the top tube whacked a lamppost or traffic light or something on the way down.
It should maybe be cheaper than that, that's the kind of price I've heard for putting frames snapped in half back together around here. If I was you though I would take that free replacement frame like a shot. There's no guarantee the down tube would hold up long enough for you to avoid crashing should the top tube fail, I'd expect the whole frame to snap in half at the same time.
R1R are the lightest now, I think they're about 20g lighter than that.
Should be no problem if it's the first time you've bent it, just get an adjustable wrench or some big pliers and bend it back. But I'd expect it to snap off if you did that more than a couple of times, so be careful in future.
Images won't load for me
Is this a hybrid bike, mountain bike? This could just as easily be caused by poor adjustment, poor lubrication or problems with cables or shifters. Has the derailleur developed slop/play in the pivots? If not I wouldn't expect it to be the problem. If cables are original first thing to do is replace cables. I wouldn't bother looking at anything else until you've done so. It would be surprising if the bike was still shifting well with the original cables after that distance. Take the shifters and derailleur off the bike at the same time and clean and lubricate them, check the derailleur for slop/play like I mentioned above. If you did need a new derailleur I'd probably suggest [this](http://www.chainreactioncycles.com/nz/en/shimano-acera-m360-7-8-speed-rear-mech/rp-prod38673) one. You could go for a cheaper model with Altus but you'd only save $1 with the current pricing.
&gt;How high should my bars be in comparison to my seat? This depends on your flexibility, core strength and how hard you pedal on average. It's not as simple as higher bars = more comfortable. For very short rides that is close to true for everyone - but if you want to ride longer distances it's generally not the case. Higher bars take weight off your core, arms and legs (from power you put into pedaling) and onto your lower back and seat. For some riders this is better, for riders with decent core strength and fitness level, being too upright leads to back and butt pain and makes it difficult to put out as much power into the pedals. This stops them from being able to cover the same kind of distances they would with lower bars. It's common for newer riders to start with high handlebars and lower them as they gain strength and fitness. &gt;When riding, when should I be using the top of the handlebars and when should I drop down? General school of thought is: The flat of the bars are used to change up positions when climbing. The drops are mostly for descending and for when you might need to brake hard suddenly (like riding along a busy shopping street or past a school when kids are leaving), also sometimes to get out of headwinds. The rest of the time riding on the brake hoods If you find yourself wanting to use the flat part of the bars regularly and the hoods uncomfortable, the bike is set up too long for you.
Dredging where?
http://i.imgur.com/TDRimi6.jpg
Cool, I'd never heard of Lismore Forest but had heard there were some trails worth checking out in Wanganui. Will have to check them out for sure some day. Is that still the case you're only allowed to ride after 5pm or on Sundays because of the logging? (was just looking them up and guide I read is from 2012) I'm down in Wellington and we're fairly spoilt for choice here. Usually ride at Makara Peak or Polhill reserve/Brooklyn, sometimes also out at Wanuiomata or the new trails in Porirua (just opened in the summer).
Latex *is* rubber - it's what comes out of rubber trees. Butyl, while also called rubber is a much more recent synthetic polymer.
Standard inner tubes (and tires) are made of butyl, super lightweight racing tubes can be had in latex too.
Wow and NZ seems expensive for skiing compared to places in Europe. When I was in Queenstown for the winter Aussies always seemed to be having a great time of it though.
&gt;At the same price point would the Allant 7.2 be the preferable bike for trail/commuter riding? They're pretty much identical bikes apart from the Allant's disc brakes. I'd say though for most people yes, the Allant is better value and has better forks - the cheapness of which are the main drawback of the 7.2 (I normally recommend the 7.3 because of this) The only real drawback is the cheap mechanical disc brakes, which will probably be worse than the rim brakes on the FX 90% of the time - it's a bit too cheap for a bike with disc brakes. I'd probably still go for it but with a potential upgrade to proper hydraulics in mind.
Looks like a decent buy going by Bluebook values, but how tall are you? That's a pretty large frame. My main concern is the seller clearly bought a bike that is quite a bit too big for them and you don't want to make the same mistake. Many people that buy bikes the wrong size (which you usually have to go against bike shop advice to do...) refuse to consider they might have got the wrong size (usually they blame drop bars or racing bikes or cycling in general) and will suggest the bike will suit others of the same height. Looks like current owner would have been better off on a bike with Endurance geometry too (like the Defy), going by how they adjusted the handlebars as high as they can possibly go. Not surprised they've only ridden it a few times, it must be pretty uncomfortable for them if they need it adjusted like that.
With my earlier reply, this post seemed like spam at the time and that's the main reason I was so dismissive but I'm guessing after seeing your replies and looking at your post history this could be a genuine attempt to post a useful guide - if that's the case, I apologise. But even so, I'd say this is pretty left field compared to conventional wisdom. I could buy two or three mechanically sound used bikes to ride when I'll be locking up outside for less than the price of all that security gear.
Sounds like you might have not routed the chain correctly. Take a side-on photo of the derailleur
Even then the pros sometimes sit down for a few seconds.
Yeah I've made the same mistake routing the chain in the past. Can you take a photo of where the chain is damaged?
Well purely for trivia purposes, I'd say the Superfly 5 would be most similar in type of bike, in position in the range and parts quality. But if this is a 'which new bike should I buy today?' post, bikes have changed enough that there is not any direct equivalent to it in the Trek range, and you could easily prefer a completely different model for the riding you want to do. Back then bikes were more all rounders than they are now, Trek didn't really sell other types of mountain bike, they were all similar in design and purpose. Today there are many more kinds of mountain bikes for different types of usage. To some extent all the Trek mountain bikes today are equivalent to it because they all evolved form bikes like it. If you're looking for advice on what kind of bike to buy, see the questions in the sidebar in /r/whichbike
We can see the source of the comments you posted before, you got the formatting wrong.
This is bad advice, even if OP was heavier and warranted a higher pressure, you don't even know what width of tire OP has.
Too hard tires also reduce grip and make it significantly more likely to wipe out on patches of gravel
Yes, back in like 1995, they sucked and were dangerous back then and that's even more the case on the trails people ride today. That's totally the wrong way to go about a solution. If you're running the free plastic pedals that come with the bike, that's 100% your issue, you're supposed to replace them with proper pedals of your choice. If so, get some pedals like [this](http://www.chainreactioncycles.com/nz/en/wellgo-v8-copy-flat-pedals/rp-prod563) (good cheap ones). If you already have good pedals like that (with metal pins), look at your shoes and technique. What kind of shoes are you riding in? Many newer riders have the wrong foot position on the pedals like [this](http://schutt.org/velo/skill/pedal/wallmart.svg) or if they come from road cycling [this](http://schutt.org/velo/skill/pedal/lance.svg). When you are going over rocks etc you want your feet in [this](http://ep1.pinkbike.org/p4pb8663734/p4pb8663734.jpg) position - heels down, pedal axle just behind the ball of your foot, and knees bent
While I ran Gatorskins for a couple of years and never got a puncture apart from one snakebite from mistiming hopping up a kerb, I'd agree from anecdotes and what I've seen from other people that they are overhyped for puncture resistance (and overhyped in general), I'd probably go with something from Schwalbe if puncture protection was what mattered most. I swapped the Gatorskins for GP4000S2 about a year ago and still yet to have a puncture. On my other bike I run Vittoria race tires with no protection and haven't had a puncture either, so I think where I live good puncture protection just isn't warranted.
An alternative to the super bright coloured cycling gear others suggest is to buy a loose fitting hi-visibility work vest from the dollar store for like $5 (cheaper is better as cheaper ones are thinner/lighter weight) and wear that over the top of your clothes. Two advantages: 1. They're more visible, especially at night with the reflective striping than any jerseys I've seen (a few jackets are nearly as good) 2. They're very light and not warm, you can always keep them as an outermost layer as temperature and weather changes, over a down jacket and rain jacket in the mountains or over just a vest somewhere hot - no need to have a full wardrobe of bright yellow/orange clothes.
If it's the rear tire and your front has had a similar amount of use you'll want to rotate your tires so the new tire goes on the front wheel - you always want your newest/best tire on the front for safety reasons (a front blowout is way worse news than a rear)
No, it's not possible to convert it to a through axle. There has got to be something wrong with your dropout, wheel, or your technique for tightening the wheel/quick release, or your bike was sabotaged. If this was a real issue mountain biker's wheels would be falling off all the time, that's far rougher than any ride on a shuttle. This would NEVER happen on a properly maintained and adjusted bike, any kind of bike. What bike is it? What kind of brakes (i.e. rim brakes or disc brakes)? How is the wheel tightenend? With bolts or with a quick release? Do you try to use the quick release like a wingnut and tighten it by turning it? Might help to see a photo of the rear end of the bike.
If you're always getting punctures in your rear tire but not the front, it's a solid sign you aren't pumping your tires up hard enough. Or at least your rear tire, which needs to be about 20psi harder than the front on average.
I think even a 4wd is probably overkill, it wouldn't do any harm but plenty of tourists do fine even in old 2wd minivans in the winter, even going up to skifields or up gravel/dirt roads like the Matukituki valley or to Chinaman's Bluff past Glenorchy.
It's worth considering and I don't know what gear you're using now or what level you're at, but imo flat pedals make you a better rider if you persist with them. Clipless can often be a crutch for poor technique, and when newer riders go clipless early on it often means they never learn skills like bunny hops or manuals.
I'm asking for a source on this: &gt; It uses width based solely on weight which has been proven to be wrong.
While that's true, the tire also loses energy by deforming over surface irregularities, and if unable to do that because pressure is too high, loses energy by vibrating the whole bike up and down. It's actually fairly complicated, for example on very smooth surfaces, tires tend to be slowest at intermediate pressures and faster at either lower or very high pressures, and different effects are seen on supple race tires and very stiff training tires (where lower pressures are much slower), tubulars and clinchers. But generally a lower 'optimum' pressure will give the best speed on all surfaces assuming good quality tires that are fairly supple. More reading here: https://janheine.wordpress.com/2016/03/09/tire-pressure-take-home/
[The riding position](http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y149/starciconte/Jesse_James_on_Chopper.jpg) I guess they wouldn't ever brake or shift while in the drops, only from the hoods?
How much do you weigh? It's irrelevant what pressures you run if you don't weigh similar to what they do. It's only draggy and risking pinch flats if you're heavy enough to compress the tire that much.
It's not going to work any better than a traditional hand signal.
Thanks for that link, though Velonews maybe not the best example, it even praises them for their integrity with [this affair](http://www.bikebiz.com/news/read/shimano-accused-of-pulling-ads-from-velonews-because-of-scoop/019357), and it does say there's several sites with unbiased reviews. I think they were being downvoted more because random anonymous people online are likely to be even less of an authority on something as subjective as helmet safety
If this really is a Pista Pro it's been resprayed and the fork and at least quite a few of the parts aren't original - no Pista I know of has come with a fork like that - it looks like a Chinese carbon road fork. The wheels look like cheap eBay wheels, though that could have been a crappy spraypaint job. It looks like someone took some matt black spraypaint to basically the entire bike. The description is ultra brief, and the setup of the bike is so bad the current owner can't have had a clue about cycling, it looks like it must be too big for them, so there's a bit of a red flag with it having been resprayed to for a potentially stolen bike. Though I think the real answer here is probably that the current owner is just totally clueless, someone who bought it to look cool when they would have been better off on a grandma shopping bike. No wonder they haven't ridden it much.
If it's the stock forks they're not designed for proper mountain biking or heavy use. It may be possible to fix them but it would probably cost more than they'd be worth second hand in good condition. My advice would be to recycle them, get some used Rock Shox or Marzocchis and you'll be blown away, it will feel like a completely new bike.
Good choice on the Escape 2, I tend to recommend it over the other bikes you were looking at, it's just more bike for the money. I personally don't use a saddle bag to carry stuff on longer rides, I wear a jersey with a rear pocket like [this](http://kaytdek.trevorshp.com/sew/shirts/IMG_4009-800.jpg). It has more room for larger items like pump, bananas etc and I can keep valuable stuff like keys and phone there which I prefer to keep on my person than in a bag attached to the bike. You also don't get the annoying rattling noise on bumps that tends to come with saddlebags. The repair kit for longer rides sounds pretty good and is similar to what I carry. I never used to carry a patch kit, just a single tube because punctures are so rare here, but [these](http://www.lezyne.com/product-tirerepr-patch-smartkit.php) Lezyne glueles kits are awesome, only 20g. Buy a Rema set to keep and use at home, but take one of the 20g Lezyne ones with you on the road. You probably want an inner tube with a shorter valve than 48mm, that's meant for deep section aero rims. I'd also say inner tubes are one thing not to get the absolute cheapest on, I'd get tubes from a good brand like Schwalbe, Continental or Maxxis. Stuff for riding to work - Bottle cages are OK for the price. - Can't really comment on the lights as I've always been a real cheapskate with them, I use a $3 rear light and a $10 front light - but only in the city, if I was riding much in the country with no street lights I'd want a more powerful front light at least (when cycle touring I've used an LED headlamp wrapped over my helmet for this purpose). - Rack and panniers - I have the Typhoon Aero 45 DLX and they're great panniers, have used them for touring and for shopping trips. I tend to use a small backpack to take stuff to work and leave the panniers at home unless I have to carry a ton of stuff. A good investment might be a [floor pump](http://media.nashbar.com/images/nashbar/products/product-hi/BN-WHFP-NCL-ANGLE.jpg?resize=1500px:1500px&amp;output-quality=100) if you don't have anything like that.
For me while it's almost a really sweet build it's a long way off at the same time, I'd say this is what makes it so bizarre for what I imagine the rider is like, in order of seriousness. - Handlebar angle - Choice of non-compact bend bar - Stem is too long Then if I was picky I'd say these take away a bit from potential bike pornyness - 9 speed Deore derailleur rather than an older 9 speed XT or XTR (would have had to go on eBay for the latter) - Thudbuster - The rims aren't my cup of tea
So that's doable - it looks like you'd need to get a bus to Peebles and then walk about a mile to get to the trail centre and where you can hire bikes. They have green routes suitable for families and absolute beginner riders, where you'd be unlikely to see anyone that isn't in that category. Not sure what you're afraid of though, mountain bikers are friendly. Though I'd say if you're going to Scotland to see scenery, go to the Highlands, don't stay in Edinburgh and Glasgow the whole time. You could go on a much more scenic ride if you rented a bike in Fort William.
Sounds just like what people say when they've tried to ride bikes that are too big for them. Either that or the bike is badly adjusted or you don't have the needed core strength/flexibility. That you think the brake and shifters should be on the cross bar would for sure agree with this, people only say that when they struggle to reach the drops. I choose drop bars because they're more comfortable and hurt my wrists and hands less over long distances.
"kind of" a classic? What does it take to consider something a classic? The Stumpjumper is one of the most important bikes in mountain biking history.
Really beautiful bike and it is an absolute classic model - the Stumpjumper was the first ever mass produced MTB, was Specialized's top of the range mountain bike, and is one of the most important/significant bikes in the history of MTBing. Ones this early are rare and in some demand. Some of the other commenters haven't picked up on how special a bike it is. It's a good and notable enough bike that it's the kind of thing a museum might pick up for an exhibit on bike history to represent 80s mountain bikes. I think it's nice and rare enough it would be worth selling on eBay or a vintage bike forum rather than Craigslist. Chances of someone in your local area being a collector of vintage bikes and paying top dollar for it are way lower than if it's listed nationally. [This](http://www.ebay.com/itm/SPECIALIZED-Stumpjumper-vintage-epoca-anni-87-90-SHIMANO-DEORE-mtb-mountain-bike-/252362184449?hash=item3ac1f55701:g:akUAAOSwiYFXF1sL) one doesn't look as nice as yours and they're asking $750. How tall are you for it to be way too small? I'm 6'2 and it looks like it would be pretty good for me.
