What was your kph?
Do you have a pic of the moth mummy?
The browser hasn't crashed on me in the year+ I've been using my Z30
Out of stock at the moment, but eTradeSupply has [them](http://www.etradesupply.com/blackberry-passport-battery-door-back-cover-black.html)
Netflix works perfectly fine (after you install it from either Amazon/Snap, I forget which).
You're one of the customers that aren't memorable, and IMO, that's a good thing.
I had a classmate who was super into solar panel roads and would not admit that it wasn't feasible no matter what I said. I think she has herself convinced that the government won't invest in it because they have their hands in electric companies.
I worked with one lady who babied the bejeezus out of her kid. He's about 10-12 now (I forget) but he gets to stay home from school every Halloween because the idea of spooky ghosts and cemetaries scare him. She also still carries him to bed every night, and often buys him puzzles meant for a 3-5 year old.
My computer had this issue with wi-fi where the connection would go to "Limited." It was basically no Internet but the stupid wifi strength indicator would always be full, like it was taunting me. The only way to fix this would be to disconnect manually and reconnect and it drove me bonkers. It would do this about every thirty seconds. Thankfully, a driver upgrade fixed this.
Maybe it was a [Chinese knock off](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legal_disputes_over_the_Harry_Potter_series#International_publications)?
I'm with ya! People who write acronyms wrong, in general, drive me nuts. My classmates often write GCDWQ incorrectly, like they just figure "eh I have all the letters, it should make enough sense."
That "I love you, you love me" song from Barney
Are there any other updates other than what's posted in the article?
To be fair, their automatic doors were confusing. They opened to one side instead of the conventional way of opening in the middle. But the way the security gates were positioned, it would mislead you to walk right into the side that didn't open (at my location anyway).
I Googled a bit... maybe this? &gt; I’ve never met Hanni Sprong, although I’ve heard the stories of some ugly clashes with coaches over the years. He could not be reached for an interview. Hanni Sprong is Daniel Sprong's father. [Source](http://montrealgazette.com/news/world/local-hockey-star-sprong-bolts-for-us)
For some reason, I took that to mean hockey skates and wondered for far too long when Nike made SB Janoski's and not the Vapor line.
I'm still driving a Toyota from 92. I love it.
If you enable language detection, the phone can usually detect when you're switching language automatically. Slightly more info [here](http://docs.blackberry.com/en/smartphone_users/deliverables/47561/mba1343677276263.jsp)
A thread further up says you can watch the AHL finals for free. [Linky-loo](http://www.reddit.com/r/canucks/comments/38bm1l/you_can_watch_the_ahl_finals_for_free_on_ahl_live/). But if you want to watch on the actual TV, then I dunno.
You just brought back a memory I thought I had suppressed. I was in Hawaii, and was ready to go into the hotel pool. When I got to the pool side, this huge ham planet was "swimming" in the pool, telling her husband that it hurt because of her open sores. Now I know why she was in the pool. (No, I did not go swimming that day).
You're the first person I've ever met, IRL or otherwise, who didn't call it Vaapad; not that this is a bad thing, I'm just surprised. =)
Not-memorable. And a bit chubby.
How is this [Mario](http://i.imgur.com/Vl6cLh9.jpg) watchface allowed in the app store?
I wish they would have at least picked a less lispy kid to sing it. Handth thomatch mouth and finth.
Some other Redditor (I forget who) had poop scissors.
I'm on 10.3.1.2708 (Z30) and battery life is fantastic for both the watch and the phone.
I thought the dev said that notifications and music control was working in his thread on CrackBerry? If the dev does have complete support for the Time later on, I may consider getting one.
You should check out the Passport's keyboard. It's touch sensitive as well so you can scroll, etc. It pretty much acts as the old trackpad did and then some.
You might want to start by reversing the accent on the e's =P (Remember, use the Pokémon accent). Here's a guide that the Canadian Government [posted](http://www.youth.gc.ca/eng/topics/jobs/resume.shtml).
Cool, thanks!
Android Instagram works fine. Snapchat is... odd. You can get the Android version or Caspar like someone else mentioned but if Snapchat detects that you're using a BlackBerry then they'll suspend/ban your account cause its an unauthorized platform. (Yet they won't make a BlackBerry app...go figure) BBM will only offer voice. No video chat yet but I *think* that's in the works, though I wouldn't depend on it. Skype is probably your best bet.
No Cory Schneider?
I can't find the scene on YouTube, but I loved when Dewey was picked up on the side of the road by the nice lady and he keeps singing the alphabet. "A-B-C-D. A-B-C-D. A-B-C-D." "Honey, E. E comes after D." "I know. A-B-C-D. A-B-C-D. A-B-C-D."
/r/scamslayers I think this subreddit is fairly new though.
I don't know if it's because I'm Canada, but I only ever got leaflets in the mail from the universities I applied to (two).
Wacey Rabbit
For the currency, you'll have to change your region to change the symbol. Or you can go into your autocorrect settings and make it so that $ changes into whatever you use (if you don't want to change the region). Other than that, you'd have to use the "sym" button every time.
She avoids them herself. &gt; "I change the channel. I can't take it," McLachlan said. "I can't even look at it. It's just so depressing." [Source](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/05/05/sarah-mclachlan-aspca_n_5267840.html)
Target because they don't exist here anymore.
The Hockey Song - Stompin' Tom Connors. I don't think I need to tell you what country =)
Don Taylor did, from time to time ;)
There's commentary in [Punjabi](http://www.cbc.ca/sports-content/hockeynightincanada/punjabi/video/) if you're interested.
I hereby dub the line as "Botanins"
Would the old [Lego Hockey](http://www.ebay.com/itm/Lego-Hockey-Slammer-Stadium-65182-Incomplete-NHL-Vintage-2003-/221794799103?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&amp;hash=item33a4000dff) sets work? They're a bit smaller, but the McFarlane thing was an exclusive I believe so they're super hard to get.
Try asking /r/ActionFigures, /r/toyexchange, and /r/toys as well
Wonder if the staff keep their lunches in there.
In high school, there was this girl with such a low voice she could probably sing baritone. It was really difficult to tell if she was female or not. One day we combined all the PE classes to have this giant square dancing lesson. She kept lining up for the girls side and three separate teachers tried to send her over to the boys side. I felt so bad for her =(
I read "drunk" and the "kill" part of Killorn and wondered if there was accident til I read it again.
Any variation of "do you want to go on a date with me?"
Something a man does that is considered "assertive" can be considered "bitchy" if a woman does the same thing.
I think I read somewhere they sort of started contract talk, but I dunno. I liked him at times, but I won't be heartbroken if he's gone.
Make a [similar one](http://blog.petrockblock.com/retropie/) yourself for a lot cheaper.
To add to this, a [quick](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lwcul6Ncq51qef80s.jpg) to see if your fingers are clubbed.
Because he couldn't eat just one.
OP, wait in that stall until you hear someone come in. Then exit the stall like everything's normal and see how confused you can get them.
Maybe it means "Sexy's on"?
[Peanut oil](https://www.foodallergy.org/allergens/peanut-allergy), unless it's cold pressed, usually doesn't cause an allergic reaction because there shouldn't be any of the proteins in there. (Unless your daughter is allergic to peanut oil itself then ignore me!) Disclaimer: Not a doctor.
You reminded me of [this](http://tbo.com/storyimage/TB/20140407/ARTICLE/140409307/EP/1/1/EP-140409307.jpg) Ben Bishop photo
Let the [dev](https://twitter.com/ben_sliwa) know. He's really good at responding.
If a family friend didn't give me all his old books (he buys anthologies then gives me his singles) I'd be so broke.
[Charity Watch](https://www.charitywatch.org) is a good site to start with
You can also check out the Canucks Team Store Outlet. They have older styles for a bit cheaper, and I think they carry some of the players' old gear if you're into collecting that kind of stuff. &amp;nbsp; 2983 Hastings Street E. Vancouver, British Columbia V5K 2A1
I thought Hayley and Doug Wickenheiser were cousins, not siblings?
Putting down everyone to make themselves look better, then acting like they're the victim when they get told to stop it.
If you get here before the Sportchek at Pacific Centre closes, the entire store is 40% off and they have some Canucks stuff left.
Oh man, that sucks. I didn't know. Sorry, OP
Have you connected via BlackBerry Desktop Manager to see what else is using all that space?
I just gave all my Golden Books to my cousin's toddler to read. Great stuff.
That, and Word Muncher.
I didn't mind this, especially for the basics like the times tables. I find it a little sad when people pull out their phones for the most basic of things, like adding a tip.
You should just make one that shows random numbers and watch her freak out when the carrot stick she just ate counts as 2000 calories.
This is like my parents with their smartphones. I ended up just buying a bunch of NFC tags and labelling them with things like "WiFi On/Off" so they could just tap it instead of going into the settings.
The pressure of the two train cars together keeps the person from bleeding out right away.
Just remember to use a lighter to melt the ends of the fabric when you've resized it so it doesn't fray afterwards.
Same. I've been looking for a replacement one because my old one is beginning to die, and I really don't want to get an iPod Touch/Nano/whateverelse.
Be careful with that. I think I read somewhere on Reddit that it has to be "breakable" for safety (in case a car swerves into it or something?) Disclaimer: Am Canadian, and don't have a mailbox so I'm not really sure.
Best Buy. Went in looking for a pair of headphones. It wasn't on the shelf, so I stop a guy. He says he'll go look in the back so I hang around for ten minutes. I don't see him so I stop another guy who says it's not his department. So I find a *third* guy and ask him to check for the headphones. I follow him through the store on a wild goose chase and it turns out they didn't have it despite their computers saying so. So I just gave up and went to my go-to store NCIX a couple blocks down. I was trying to save time by going to Best Buy, which was in a more convenient location in relation to my workplace (I was on the way to work) but that backfired.
Just in time for the end of my contract!
I think there was a post on the front page about Chris Pratt as Indiana Jones. I'm kinda ehhh on it.
I flip the bottom of my shirt up over my boobs because I always think I'm going to get the hem wet.
They're about $50-$70 on Craigslist in my area (Vancouver) if you don't mind it used.
For a second, I was sad for you because I thought you wrote "he never came back."
The store I work at requires that all software exchanges be opened up so no one tried this with us.
I usually type something like "this stupid bitch is reading over my shoulder" to my friend and watch them huff and puff in anger.
Careful cause there's no downgrading if you run into problems.
Even better: peel off one end, then blow the straw wrapper at sibling/parents/significant other.
One of my coworkers asked this during the mass seasonal hire ("do you guys do drug testing?). But everyone could see he was just a young, super innocent kid so he got hired.
Should have taken all her stuff and given it to charity.
I think everyone should just look before peeing. At my house, guys make sure to put up the seat before peeing and ladies make sure to put it down.
This is probably why. My 9780 had 3 days battery life in the beginning but as it got older, it went to 2 days.
I actually don't find the "bad" flavours to be that bad. They're undesirable, but not vomit worthy, IMO. The only one I won't eat is the black one cause I hate black liquorice.
If you're going to use the same plan that you had with the 8900 with the new Torch, it should be fine then.
Does the tooth get linty when you take it out of your pocket?
[Here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfpuJr9wmSo) you go.
I watched the first half hour, wondering if I had accidentally clicked on "extras" in the menu instead of "play movie" because it just wasn't very interesting and didn't click.
Something something BIS server, I think? I'm not too clear about it. Maybe a BlackBerry employee who peruses this subreddit could explain!
His wiki says he was born in Vernon, BC so I don't think that qualifies him as Asian born.
I did a similar thing to my brother. I would drive to school sometimes, and he would never wake up on time (he would wake up at the time we needed to *leave*) and he always took a long time getting ready. So one day I told him I was leaving at X time and I was going to leave even if he wasn't in the car. He thought I was bluffing and was late to school that day.
It'd probably be like Amy in Futurama when she [tries to parallel park](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfTwPIw3aX8).
Residual eyeball
Not too weird, but I got paid $17 an hour to try and buy cigarettes at stores (was only 14 then and legal age is 19 here for tobacco).
I was wondering who Moritz was the entire time and just assumed he was the dude who filmed this.
I really *love* Picross. It's a puzzle game that involves filling in squares according to numbers to create a picture. I've finished Picross DS and Picross 3D. I really wish these types of games were more popular so there would be more sequels.
It would also help a bit if the players wore the helmet properly. Some players wear the chin strap way too loose.
I work at a toy store, and I've had a ton of returns (nearly one every shift) for Megabloks because the set just doesn't fit together. I'd never recommend those unless someone specifically wants certain sets (I did this in front of the Megabloks rep when he was in the store and he was maaaaad). The only returns I ever had with LEGO are if someone got duplicates for a birthday party.
Don Sweeney is a double agent for another team. Calling it now.
Zac Rinaldo, Raffi Torres, Mike Brown, John Scott, Dan Carcillo, Steve Downie, Matt Cooke and Brad Marchand on one team. Can you imagine...
That Thor movie with the kid from Home Improvement.
I personally haven't seen much more than a little friendly heckling but then again, I don't go to very many games (maybe one or two a year).
I was voted "Most Likely to Cry over a Canucks Game." After the 2011 loss (no I did not cry), I'm just really disappointed in the team.
Greek salad... so I guess food poisoning?
Then we'll get 3 first round picks ... and go all Don Sweeney. O.o
https://www.bing.com/explore/rewards
I am eligible for a phone upgrade for cheap, but all stores in my Province do not have the phone in stock so I will have to wait an entire month for it. There is nothing wrong with my current phone.
Same. Even if you do manage to fix a problem that the customer themselves caused, they'll just use your name and complain to head office to get free stuff.
Stopping people from using "and I" when it's not necessary. "... and me" is perfectly fine in certain situations.
Just a splotch of red on her butt should do the trick.
Z30 is pretty affordable now.
Which Android apps do you need? I'm sure some of the users here have tried them out. The only ones that seem not to work are the ones that are heavily dependent on Google services, and Snapchat.
STOP REMINDING ME :(
Work Wide if you're a huge productivity person.
At 5'3" - 5'4", I wear 31+1 Reebok P4s.
I have a Fitbit Charge HR and I find that it doesn't track skating accurately, so if you use it for steps, it's not so great. It's not waterproof (only resistant) so if you sweat a lot, this may not be the best choice.
My friend and I both *hate* being late so we end up hanging out half an hour earlier than we planned.
I like to sit on the toilet and try to push all the clots out. It makes the period seem less... glorpy.
I work retail and I do this even though it's not required because the LP guy has an ego the size of the Titanic and needs to feel like he's done his part in saving the world from burning. He jumps on every little minor thing, including when we reach into our pockets to grab box cutters, etc.
Or the people who go the wrong way around the roundabout just so they don't have to go 3/4 of the way around to make a turn.
I was at the store today and some kid is running into people with the wheeled baskets. My mom asks him to stop twice nicely and he doesn't, so she refused to move when he hit her the third time. Then in swoops this lady screaming, "YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO HIT HIM. HE'S ONLY A CHILD."
The Skate needs to be our third. The Orca/Stick-in-Rink is way too similar in colour and design to be the home/away and third sets.
The kids in the movie really annoyed me. Ty Simpkins will now forever be the kid who ruined Jurassic Park and Iron Man 3.
I just bought a pair of men's running shorts. Sure they're long and I look a little ridiculous but I can put stuff in the pockets.
Yup, very last scene.
I use a BlackBerry Passport and I actually have one pair of jeans that fits the phone!
Sounds like allergy medicine.
Does she communicate solely in emojis?
Is Jaudyn pronounced like "Jordan" but by someone who has rhotacism?
This movie will probably flop like Pan, IMO
The prices are ridiculous, especially if you're a growing kid and need new pads every year or so. I was beyond happy when I found a very good condition, fairly recent model, set in my size on Craigslist for $50. Would have bankrupted me otherwise.
Even if you got it to work (even via Casper), there's a high chance they'll ban your account. So it's probably a no.
And Thatcher Demko is looking really good for Boston College right now.
I think Jarnkrok wears it?
Hutton talking to the little girl was adorable.
A comment I saw in a thread somewhere said to put this: javascript:(function(){window.open('http://deslide.clusterfake.net?o=html_table&amp;u='+encodeURIComponent(location.href));})() as a favourite. Then just click on the favourite when you hit a slideshow and it deslides it for you.
Can you kick yourself in the back of the head?
This offer expired December 26, 2015
[Hockey on a frozen body of water](http://i.imgur.com/dgs2Gn2.jpg). Credit to /u/I_Photoshop_Movies
I think the main difference is Diet Coke and Coke Zero use different artificial sweeteners.
How much gold have you given total? O.O
My arm span is 3" longer than my height.
This [gif](http://57.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lwumfvFWuD1qaosmto1_400.gif). Hubba hubba Chris Higgins
The highlights are 10 years old are so cute.
If nothing else, I would re-load the OS, though I'm sure that's probably the last thing you want to do.
Ouch. Feel bad for Higgins, but something's gotta give. Good luck to him.
I was doing my thing at the ATM when suddenly I saw a hand reach in to my space. My first instinct was to turn around and punch the owner of the hand right in the guts because I thought I was going to get robbed and shanked. It turned out he just wanted an envelope and just couldn't wait until it was his turn, or couldn't just *ask*.
Mikado on Hastings might have what you're looking for
I have 108" on my size 6 Reeboks and they are a tad long, but not long enough for me to trip over. So maybe try 96 or 84?
Come to BC! It only gets to maybe -5 Celsius at worst in the winter. I think we've only hit it twice this year.
Depa Billaba?
Which version of the OS are you on? I remember there was an update between 10.3.1 to 10.3.2 on Android apps and Bluetooth.
They're available in Canadian Toys R Us's for about $20. American Toys R Us might have them as well.
I've posted this in another thread, but it seems relevant now. I had a teacher who wanted to open YouTube link that he had on his PowerPoint. Instead of just clicking to follow the hyperlink, he * Copied the URL (using the context menu, not CTRL+C) * Opened a Google Chrome window * Typed in yahoo.ca in the address bar * Searched up Google in Yahoo * Searched YouTube once he got to Google * Pasted the YouTube link the address bar (again, context menu, not CTRL+V)
I think they just travelled and practiced with the team, but they're not quite ready to play yet.
Yeah, that was what I liked best about Memory Express. They never push sales and if they made suggestions for a more expensive product, it was well within reason. The hinge issue I mentioned earlier would have cost me $200+, as well as a few weeks time for it to be shipped and repaired, but in the end it was $50 and one day.
In your case, it might have been better to report them to corporate rather than the health inspector. Inspectors will follow up on the complaint, but it's very difficult to catch them in the act with infrequent visits. Hotels often have internal inspectors that are pickier as well.
Or vendors who come in and move the rest of your stuff so their section looks nice. Then they leave the cardboard boxes all over the floor and expect you to clean up after them.
I don't know why I was waiting for "I farted in the pants and placed them on his desk."
It might be too short after being cut if its an intermediate stick.
Clutches = expensive pencil cases
Maybe it provides a little more friction to help them close the glove? I dunno just grasping at straws here.
I don't need it, but congratulations! =)
I remember my daycare in elementary school banned it because of the flag girls.
Putt Putt
Might want to post this in /r/bcit as well
We also have Sutter coming back so it's not that awful. I hope.
OH. Oh. Oh my god. O.o
My manager was being super anal about the store being neat and would keep us late to clean it all up (why they couldn't just staff more people during the day, I don't know) so I would pull all the boxes forward just like she wanted, except they were upside down or it was the back of the box.
Definitely go to Craigslist or GSSU for used gear. If you're patient you can get stuff for a good price. I managed to hunt down a pair of Reebok P4 18K pads for myself for only $50. The only thing I'd probably buy new are a helmet (don't skimp out it!) and a jock/jill.
Some lady demanded that our store pay for her parking ticket because she didn't pay for the meter. She threw the ticket at my manager, and he just dropped it in the garbage can in front of her and walked away. I laughed. And she huffed her way back to her car, refusing to put her hand in the bin for it.
As far as I know, you cannot undo the reset. Did you have the pics on an SD card? That probably isn't erased but it may not be showing up in the picture viewer if the phone is trying to index 4k worth of pics. Good luck.
Didn't Ki Adi Mundi have a bunch of wives?
Anybody else wondering why Virtanen's helmet strap is white and not black? I don't even know why it stood out to me so much.
I think I read somewhere he would also invite Erik Per Sullivan (Dewey) over to his house for BBQs or whatever so he could just be a kid.
It's a training one (heavier than normal). The price is just Canadian Amazon being awful as usual. Go to Canadian Tire and [pick one up for $3.](http://www.canadiantire.ca/en/pdp/heavy-practice-puck-0830040p.html)
You also have to realize that despite being able to run Android Apps, BlackBerry 10 doesn't have (and never will) the ability to use Google Services. There a lot of people who rely on those types of apps.
It's just between you and me
[Sedin Thug Life](http://www.theprovince.com/cms/binary/5519810.jpg)
Shyriiwook
My high school is right next door to a community centre and we would have ice hockey days instead of just floor hockey. I sometimes would join whatever PE class was there during free blocks.
I have. Shipping takes a while but sometimes you get lucky and it comes fairly quickly. Quality is all right (mine have not frayed yet), but the price is super cheap.
My left thumb pops out of place too... but I'm finding that my left hand has a stronger grip than my right (dominant) hand. happy cake day
Did you get an STD?
Check out the sidebar in /r/vancouver for suggestions on activities. And as for Rogers Arena, there aren't any terrible seats (it's a little too small for that). I believe the 115/315 end is where the visitors shoot twice.
I read somewhere here that about 1/2 of Drouin's points were while he was playing on a line with Stamkos?
Brock Boest-er
This one girl in my program constantly needs praise for being the "smartest" in the class. She will do things like post on Facebook, "I can't believe this is my third scholarship already!" or if someone posts a relevant link to the program, she will reply with something nearly two pages long (for example, if the post was about lettuce, she would post information starting from growing to harvesting to eating). She is just so *smug*
To see if you're pregnant or not.
The Swamps of Dagobah story would not change.
Was it the guy who got his face cut open?
A lot of government jobs (that I've been looking at, anyway) won't even look at you if you don't have a Bachelors + some other certificate, nevermind not graduating high school.
Aw yeah. I'm finally too skinny for something. =D
Same advice from my mom. I remember in school, some lady came to give a talk about how to defend yourself. Everyone's answer was "kick him in the nuts and run" but she said we were all wrong because we would hurt the attacker. =S
All the Reinharts
This is what it would be like had we only drafted one Sedin.
I laughed when Kylo Ren removed his helmet for the first time because the character and actor looked like he belonged in a Disney Channel movie instead.
He'd charge extra for the material needed for Henrik's head.
I think Henrik's stats without Daniel are better than Daniel's stats without Henrik, but not by much.
Sara. Smug bitch.
It's Daniel.
Both the Sedins as a conjoined goalie. And maybe Chara. I feel like he would look like a Daddy long legs in net.
That answer is my favourite to this question from all the prospects thus far.
Henrik so he can make ridiculous outlet passes to the forwards.
I hate her character. Super hacker, super agent, super hero. What *can't* she do?
I fought Windows 10 for a few hours just go get my two finger tap back for the mousepad. It did something weird to my driver, so even when I enabled it, it wouldn't work. I ended up editing some registry thing. It also uninstalled my Classic Shell so I had to get that back too. "Your programs and documents will be where they were" my ass
I use mine for a quick redditing before bed, then it becomes my alarm clock. It's also pretty useful for showing pictures and stuff (don't have another tablet) so I'd probably grab it for $20.
Nestle?
There's water nearby
Do you have pics?
When I hit every single red light before I get on the highway. Definite sign of a bad day to come.
Kanata, Ottawa?
In those cases, I always choose the option that will cost the company the most. It's petty but it makes me feel a little better.
Or 50 Shades of Gray to make some kind of weird sex dungeon
It looks like when you build a [Lego house from any random pieces you have lying around](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_PIzZpiXQoPM/TBpISOET1RI/AAAAAAAAC2E/2BWoqQPqupw/s1600/summer+2010+012.JPG).
I still have his "Vezina Trophy Winner" card from McDonalds.
My uncle was going to be cremated on a very cold winter day. We were walking toward the crematorium and the funeral director dude was holding the door open, and he said, "Come in, it's toasty in here." and I cracked up.
On the opposite end of the spectrum, the mail carrier wouldn't even squish a package that obviously contained a something soft (it was a hand towel) into the mail slot. I had to pick it up the next day at the post office.
Shego?
D**ein**o, **Zwei**lous, Hy**drei**gon
Plus they wouldn't have to re-crest jerseys for the upset fans!
They're probably banking on you wearing swim wear only when you're swimming so in theory it should be cleaner than your every day clothes.
Sitting too long can contribute to fissures and hemorrhoids.
Passport has better specs and camera but the size of it can be unwieldy at times. If Priv is too big for you, the Passport is too.
Not really. I believe this is the closest approximation: turn off "Return to Default View While Idle" in the Hub settings and leave it on the Text Message folder, then every time you swipe to the Hub, you should only see text messages (or whatever folder you've left it on).
Thanks for saving me two hours of my life. I was just about to start watching it.
The worst I saw was [Star Wars fruits and vegetables](http://www.freshplaza.com/article/150620/Star-Wars-branded-fruits-and-vegetables)
How old were you?
A follow up to Hannah Montana?
If one of your concerns is privacy, Google (Android) might not be a top choice. You can probably still run Whatsapp through Android run time on BlackBerry 10 so I wouldn't worry too much about that.
When I used to work retail, it was insurance plans/warranty on the items we sold. Some employees would avoid helping out on cash until they'd sold a warranty on the floor so their numbers would be artificially inflated. The people who were assigned to the cash register the entire shift would have to eat all the transactions that didn't count (items that didn't qualify counted against you) and management would be all up your ass about it. Edit: Forgot to add that your numbers would affect the number of hours you got the following week.
I took LIBS 7007 (Technology and Society) with Nargis Abraham. She had a bank of final exam questions posted in D2L; she'll choose say 30 out of the entire bank and make you answer only 20 so you can calculate the number of answers you need to know. There were a few assignments and group discussions that were not overly difficult (I did not do the readings and still made out with 80-something). Disclaimer: I do not know if she has changed the format since I have taken this course.
Don't forget you can make cakes if you have the right model
I like the Amazon Basic notepads. I keep them around my computer at home and work. I had used one for three months where it was squished in my bag, jammed in my pocket and dropped in the pool twice. It looked a ruffled and worse for wear but it wasn't even torn along the perforations.
I think it was Milan Michalek that was wearing #9 when Bobby Ryan got traded to the Sens.
Why didn't she plan on killing your disabled cousin too?
I like it. The waist area reminds me of Henry Cavill Superman's suit.
Fun fact: footage of the 2011 Stanley Cup Riot was used in the movie Battleship ([screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/7c1sZOY.png))
I always went to Costco for my Potter books. I'm not a big enough of fan to wait overnight for a book release so the next day was just fine with me.
Shipping prices to Canada from every online hockey retailer, not just Hockey/Goalie Monkey is saddening :(
Any plans for Vancouver? I feel like shipping from Montreal may be fairly expensive.
Face10 is free but you can pay to upgrade to the pro version.
I absolutely hate having long nails, never mind the fake stuff. And after what I've seen at work, I'm never stepping foot near a nail salon. I will be the bride with the boring plain nails in the future.
Rocky loves Emil-y! Rocky loves Emil-y! My brother, my cousin and I would watch 3 Ninjas religiously but we refuse to acknowledge the one with Hulk Hogan.
I don't know why... but the first question that came into my head was wouldn't pads be easier to get/eat blood off of? Edit: I just realized you know two, not one, but *two* people who eat tampons. Eugh.
http://www.wired.com/2009/11/ff_vanish2/
Skeletor McGee isn't as adorable as chubby/skinnier McGee.
Once you port it to Android, I wouldn't mind testing it on my Passport to see how compatible it is on BlackBerry devices :)
He looks like Rufus from Kim Possible.
Angry moose is way better than frozen angry moose.
Get one of the Mayflash USB adapters. It's about $10 and you can use the original controller.
Yeah but then you'd risk drowning when it rains.
There were a few Timmies in NYC when I visited.
When I was a cashier, I was yelled at by an American tourist because our money "is too difficult to tell apart."
And now you can't find a comfortable place in your mouth for your tongue!
Using an emulator on my BlackBerry Passport. I've got buttons :D
Watch the bottom half of the gif, specifically when he drives through the bollards.
I ordered a double double in front of some coworkers once and they made fun of me all day for drinking a milkshake. I just wanted something sweet that day, sheesh.
Not entirely the same, but I'm a girl who refuses to choose the girl main character in Pokemon. It feels wrong somehow if I chose the female one (maybe cause the original Pokemon games only had a male character?).
Link in case anyone's interested... https://np.reddit.com/r/popping/comments/yoibk/this_may_not_be_the_appropriate_place_but_i/c5xta25
I was at a restaurant today. The couple sitting at the next table said one sentence to each other ("you should eat more protein" and "okay") and spent the rest of the time on their cell phones. It made me kind of sad.
It's about 1-2 million for a detached home where I live. =/
And don't forget that barf of a pick in 2007 - Patrick White
If it's thermal paper, some people have been able to read the writing again by heating the receipt. Disclaimer: please Google this thoroughly before you try it because I read this briefly online years ago.
[Jumpstart](http://jumpstart.canadiantire.ca/en/) isn't specifically for hockey (just sports in general), but they have some hockey names as ambassadors like Jonathan Toews, Wayne Gretzky, Connor McDavid and Hayley Wickenheiser.
Scoff's in Burnaby does repair too, I believe.
[Chad Brownlee](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chad_Brownlee) was drafted by the Canucks in the 2003 draft and he's now a country music artist.
Wouldn't the system take the $100 off the card if you cancel the transaction? I don't know how it works at Best Buy but where I used to work, cancelling the transaction after a decline would just take the money off the gift card.
For me, it was just convincing myself to go to the gym the first day. I did only half an hour on the treadmill that day, but it's become a habit to do at *least* that every other day. I still hate exercising for the sake of exercising (but I love to play hockey or anything related to that) but it gets easier.
Front cameras are meh. IIRC, the Passport and the Z30 have a 2MP front camera. Honestly, since you aren't doing anything too intensive on the phone, the internals aren't *as* important. The form factor might be something more important to you. For example, I love my Passport, but sometimes it can just be downright unwieldy. Also check out the [Z30 keyboard](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PchnjfbINkw) in action.
/r/AMAdisasters They're so fun to read.
Too many playoff related riots.
Fans can reuse their Yannick Weber jerseys...?
More or less, yes! Yu mo gui gwai is basically "demons, ghosts and evil spirits (and whatever else is in that category)" Fai Di Zhao - hurry up and leave/leave quickly
Chaput. He's the unsung hero
WCE with Salo, Ohlund and Jovo would be sick to see again
Maybe she tried to Americanize her name? No clue.
Bieksa never tied down his fight strap in the years he was a Canuck and never got a penalty for fighting without it. I'm starting to think the refs aren't enforcing this at all.
My mom bought organic ketchup (???) one time because it was on sale and really cheap. Blech. The entire family hated it, so we got a bottle of Heinz and she used the organic ketchup herself (she said the flavour wasn't bad).
Happens to us Canadians too because we're so close to the States. Height is in inches and feet, weight is in pounds, distances are in kilometres, temperature is in Celsius...
"WHYDIDYOUSAYTHATNAME?!"
Wow, I thought they'd stopped working on it.
mypin and mynumber will give you your BBM PIN and phone number respectively.
Thanks dude! You're awesome. I'll try it out when I have the time. Does this release have N64 games? I was using Mupen64+ (BlackBerry build not an APK) and it's not the greatest.
On NYE when the snow was coming down fairly hard in the evening, there was a cyclist stopped in the lane closest to the curb, near the end (if a car had stopped there, they'd be ticketed for their trunk being too close to the end). She had stopped to adjust the lights and bags on the back of her bike. I don't mind sharing the road, but it was slippery out there, and the sidewalk was shoveled so I just didn't understand why she couldn't play it safe and move onto the sidewalk to do her adjusting in case a car lost traction and hit her.
Because there was a ton of ice and slush on the ground that can make stopping unpredictable?
I was reading this in the car and thought Brouwer got an extension. Then wondered why that would affect NHL.com.
S/he's still able to pass their genes on, so not quite yet.
I went back to a physical keyboard after spending 2 years with a touchscreen keyboard. No regrets.
No worries. I appreciate the work you've already put into this. I can live with playing on my actual N64 (honestly, I can't play comfortably anyway with that controller set up on a Passport keyboard).
Post in the BCIT textbook buy/sell group? Might get deleted eventually, but you will get more views there than in here.
A customer has told me that corporate store policy doesn't change (in the their favour) because that I, personally, am too lazy to tell my managers about the situation.The customer wanted a certain item to be discounted because she read the ad wrong. If I could roll my eyes any harder, they'd pop right out of my head.
I like the form factor more than I had expected. Still, I'm not quite sure how much I will like Androidberry has a daily driver.
I love hockey slang. Bender, hoser, bar down, top cheddar, celly, flow, sauce, etc.
Yep, that's what I was taught in sex ed as well. Though, I didn't quite entirely agree when they said we should kick the shin of our hypothetical mugger/attacker/rapist instead of their balls so we could get away.
Sorry, I should have specified. It's on Facebook. I see people regularly posting things other than textbook selling so I think it's worth a shot. It's a fairly large group.
Looks like warm up before the game, so it's probably relatively less gross.
Although it probably wasn't funny at the time, I'm giggling at the thought of your parents getting condolence cards in the mail.
Diptheria is an entirely different disease; that's caused by *Corynebacterium diphtheriae*. *E. coli* O157:H7 poisoning can develop into hemolytic uremic syndrome though, and that can give you bloody diarrhea, cause your kidneys to shut down etc.
The lyrics become especially melancholy after you transpose it to a minor key. [Random example grabbed off YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KP0v3YJ8u7s)
I once had to explain to an exchange student that "Whistle" was not an appropriate song... then had to explain what a blow job was.
Same here. I have some stuff coming from Aliexpress and it usually gets here in a reasonable amount of time but I've had to extend the purchase protection for a few things. I tweeted at Canada Post, and they asked if I had a tracking number. I said no but there's no way that many of my packages went missing. Then they ignored me.
The glorping of the solids that come out during a period.
Pokémon WarioWare Touched Mario Kart Worms Open Warfare Picross Picross 3D I still play any one of these games (depends on my mood) before bed every night.
I think he had maybe 2 or 3 more after the goal
Before the snow, the Aliexpress stuff usually came way earlier the estimated dates.
I think OP mentioned a door directly to the outside.
[Fencepost Error](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Off-by-one_error#Fencepost_error)
I explained this to a really bitchy customer who wanted to know if the Wii she was thinking of buying would give her kids radiation. She looked like she was going to go home and build a bomb shelter.
It's only legislated in Quebec, IIRC. It's "voluntary" everywhere else but most places, especially big stores, will follow it.
When I was working as a cashier, I told some guy his total, and he started undoing his belt. I thought I was going to get flashed or something, but it turns out he had a hidden compartment in his belt where he put his cash.
And if you see something under your wipers, make sure you're somewhere safe before you look at it.
Anybody got a pic of it?
Not going to lie, it's a little bit weird to see a name that's NOT Sedin leading our scoring. Horvat has 2 more points than Henrik, and Baertschi has the same amount of points as Daniel with fewer games played.
I drive a bit further and go to the one in Burnaby to avoid that hellhole.
All the posts here are naming Michigan... but I remember Yogen Fruz (before they "updated") used to have this flavour all the time in Vancouver, Canada. Loved it.
Bonus mention: Brent Sopel threw his back out picking up a cracker his daughter dropped.
I've only ever heard of rule that you *can't* pay with rolled coins at certain stores because some people were rolling scrap metal in them and putting coins at the ends to seem like a full roll.
They've also been warned about quick change artists, so the ones who are not good at mental math or are super tired will take the safe route.
I was on a flight from Japan to Canada. I had an aisle seat. Next to me was a Japanese girl, and then this really fat guy. He spent the entire flight hitting on her. It started with him complaining about the airline, about how he had ordered an aisle seat but didn't get it. It evolved into him asking about the girl and why she was flying to Canada. She was just there as a tourist so he kept telling her about places to visit (up to and including his own house), and eventually forcing his phone number onto her. She politely responded to everything but I could tell she was uncomfortable. She faked sleeping to get away from him for a few hours. That was when he went to sleep as well and snored so loud my friends could hear from a few aisles up. After we landed, he harassed her all the way to customs. My friends and I were a large group, so we let her slip ahead of us in line for customs and he was trapped behind us.
And sometimes they still won't. An instructor of mine told us about a family who brought their kid to the ER because he had measles or something (I'm not clear on what disease it was exactly but there was a vaccine). The kid was not vaccinated. After seeing the kid suffer and scream in pain, they asked them if they would reconsider their anti-vaccination stance and at least vaccinate their younger child. They said no.
I agree with you, but at the same time, the Sedins get more PP time than Horvat. It won't be long til Horvat surpasses the Sedins completely though, IMO.
Barbie-dolled = *Petrificus totalus-ed*
Charge HR sucks for detecting strides but is okay for heart rate. I've read that some of the sweatier players (especially goalies) have had malfunctions with theirs because of the moisture.
Thank you, but I'm not a new skater. Just one who hasn't really bothered too much with her skates until now.
Do you know the reason behind the separation between the Township of Langley/City of Langley?
Thanks!
I think an interesting study would be with the Sedin twins. Both shoot left, but Henrik writes with his right, and Daniel with his left. For me personally, I am right-handed but I shoot right. I'm pretty sure my Dad tried to teach me dominant hand on top but there are things my left hand does better than my right so maybe I'm wired wrong.
Maybe (very maybe) Boeser? He seems like he has a good head on his shoulders but Bo has seniority and is already proven. Wouldn't be surprised if our future captains were Bo (C), Boeser (A), and Stecher (A).
Yup. I grew up and live on the west coast. It was only mandatory for me from grades 5-7, then in high school we could choose to take different languages (my school had Japanese, Spanish, Mandarin and French). Even then it was maybe three times a week for an hour or so at a time, not enough to gain any real fluency. I chose to continue with French until grade 12 but only because I already know a dialect of Chinese. I probably wouldn't have stayed with French otherwise. Not many people took French at all; an outsider wouldn't even know it was an official language.
If you consider that some bacteria can multiply in as little as 20 minutes (and that growth is exponential) then every 3 hours does make sense.
My Dad did this... but not on purpose. I was giggling like an idiot when they argued because my Dad genuinely thought the house windows were broken and the guy meant the computer.
Don't cheap out on the helmet or skates!
I wore my new Tacks while watching TV for a week before I had a chance to get them sharpened. Now they fit like a glove and it looks like I won't need any baking at all.
My brother does this. Part of the reason why his girlfriend dumped him. He was always the best, he could always lift the most, he was going to have the best career (everyone else was going to be minimum wage slaves)...
Damn, your sister has everything under control.
And it could weaken the plastic in that area and you wouldn't know until you get a face full of rubber.
It weirded me out a little to see a mother/son relationship when they were both the "same age." Also... none of those actors looked 25.
Agreed. With the big-name cast George Lucas had, everyone was awful. I think Obi-Wan was the best of the bunch but it was still so... fan fiction-y. Some names off the top of my head: * Liam Neeson * Natalie Portman * Ewan McGregor * Christopher Lee * Samuel L. Jackson * Terence Stamp
Yeah. I was just thinking that Henrik was about to get his 1000th, but Ovechkin entered the NHL 5 years after him. Crazy player.
When I worked retail, we caught this kid stealing Pokemon cards. His mother actually booked it and left him there! I think LP eventually got the kid to give up his grandfather's number so he could come and pick him up.
When I can't decide between the types of soda available, I press the buttons at once and let machine/fate choose.
Get meboy up and running so you have a mini Gameboy? To be honest, I'm not sure if that still works.
Never tried their player gloves, but the goalie glove I have is great.
As someone with a ponytail, I like snapbacks. But I also bend the brim.
I got asked for directions three times when I tried this in NYC. It was kind of amusing to me. Luckily I had read the map (plus NYC's layout is easy peasy) beforehand so I could point them in the right direction.
Same. They're so scummy yet so fascinating
Yes, sorry. I sometimes refer NYC as just Manhattan even though I *know* it isn't. Sort of conditioned from American television I guess?
What's the sitch?
Do you have a lot of Android apps installed?
Cyclone Taylor has a location in Surrey so they don't have to drive as far as Vancouver.
When I worked retail, we opened until 1am around Christmas. These parents dragged their five year old in around 1230. Nevermind that the kid was sleepy, *I* wanted to go home and sleep.
I believe The Hockey Shop will for $30/pair and Cyclone Taylor will as well (unsure of price though). I've never actually been to Pro Hockey Life yet.
Suits are like male lingerie to me
Post a video and it'll be easier for people to give tips =)
It's the act of brushing when your enamel is softened by the acid in the food. So yes you can have your nightly applesauce or yogurt, just don't brush too soon after eating.
How hard are people hitting their eggs against the lip of the bowl? I can get a single crack in the egg if I hit it once against the side of the bowl, then I pry the two halves apart.
At least that one opened. The one at Brentwood didn't even get as far as the red concrete balls outside.
When Calvin and his parents come home to find that they've been robbed, his concern for Hobbes made me want to cry with him.
This Hallmark commercial, where a little boy (funnily enough, I found out later he went to a school near me) says: I placed a kiss in both my palms, and held my hands to the wind so that Sunday, you'd think of me.
The lower end ones models aren't bakeable. I know the CCM Tacks 3092 and below models aren't heat moldable, which is why I went for the 4092 (though it turns out it fits really nicely without baking).
The "centre aisle" described in OPs post seems just like a seasonal or promotional stackout that isn't usually there so the staff member wouldn't have reason to even look there.
The yoga mat thing is a bunch of bullshit though. Food Babe (the one who dubbed it the "yoga mat" chemical) is a blogger who doesn't understand half the shit she posts. I do agree with the egg thing.
The store I used to work at had to shut down because of a fairly big fire. Only one person asked, "Was anyone hurt?" and the rest were all, "I CALLED YESTERDAY, YOU SAID YOU'D BE OPEN! NOW WHAT AM I GOING TO DO?"
I've heard that socks and for women, feminine hygiene products are always welcome.
26 - only use it to complain at companies that won't respond otherwise. So I have like... 3 tweets.
You sound like you live near Cambie and Broadway =P
Your post reminded me of the guy [who got stuck in a spot upside down for 28 hours and they couldn't rescue him](http://i.imgur.com/cxEkp1O.jpg).
I dunno... beer bottle caps have ridges and it would hurt regardless of which end it came out of.
Should change it to ExposedCheeks
I know someone who took it and from the way it was described to me, it didn't sound like there was a ton of rote memorization (because the person is awful at it and would not have done well otherwise), but to be honest I couldn't tell you for sure.
Huh. Well this is a new one.
"In *my* day, we only had 150 Pokémon!"
It's also one bike per car on the Canada Line, and two bikes per car on Millennium/Expo
Where are you located? In Canada, I've found that Sportchek sometimes has really good deals on older model gloves that aren't posted on their website. For example, I've gotten Warrior Franchise 2.0's for $45, and Bauer One.6's for $50.
[This pic](http://media1.teenormous.com/items/mediacdn.snorgcontent.com/media-catalog-product-i-o-ionicbondsmoke_fullpic.png) is the reason I can remember which is type of bond is covalent and which is ionic.
I was about three days into my stay in Manhattan before realized I hadn't found any supermarkets, only dinky little markets that sold overpriced produce.
Glad you got out of that one relatively unscathed.
A lady I used to work with got fired for doing this. She'd swipe to activate the gift card, charge the customer then did a switcheroo to give the customer an empty. She was smart enough to go to a different store to use the gift cards, but she was stupid enough to ask for an employee discount which required filling out a small card with name and employee number. The manager that rang her through (only managers can ring through employees) noticed her huge stack of gift cards and got suspicious so she called our store, which had been dealing with customers claiming their gift cards not working. Put 2 and 2 together, and she got fired.
Sorry, but you're "Whiffney Houston" reminded me of this joke: What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of coordination? Hand-eyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
A couple of my classmates and I were on an intramural ball hockey team during one of my semesters. We sucked, but it was fun.
Nagini was probably used as a sex toy
Just update whatsapp in BlackBerry World. It'll be extended until June 2017.
I ran an intramural ball hockey team one time at school... and only me and this other guy showed up every time. We didn't have practices, we only had one game once a week. I had about 15 people signed up and we barely had enough for subs (*and* it was only goalie + three players). We borrowed from opposing team one time just to have enough subs.
He accidentally snapped Brad Richardson's leg in half...
I'd try to talk directly to him. He's probably noticing that he's not quite all there all the time, and he's confused. Knowing that you guys are all behind him would help him take that first step in getting diagnosed and getting the help he needs, especially since his wife seems to be in denial. You might meet some resistance at first because hey, who wants to admit they have an issue but in the long run, it's the right thing to do. My grandma was like this and after we brought it up with her, we took her to the doctors and started getting her treatment.
The red ranger always had a moose knuckle
That annoyed me so much. Every other lightsaber duel was majorly awesome except that one Sidious does a pirouette and suddenly only Mace Windu was left.
When they realize it's a tie, Daniel rubs his face like "how much longer do I have to put up with Joey Kenward?"
The waitress who did the AMA said they were brought in, IIRC
IMO, the CSIS are more like the FBI/CIA.
They get to ship all of their immigrant investors here while keeping the money. They should *like* us!
There's a ton of buses that make the trip between Vancouver and Bellingham because we love to shop in the States. It's pretty affordable. It's about $10 USD if you go with BoltBus
Maybe it was the timing? The bus where I live runs on a weird zone system... one zone is $2.75 and two zones is $4. Some people wait until 630pm when the zones are lifted so they only pay $2.75 for the two zones travelled.
What I don't understand is that people go to extremes. Yes, you may not be able to afford $200 for shoes, but that doesn't mean you have to buy pieces of shit for $20 at Wal-Mart. I got my brother a brand new pair of Geox dress shoes for $40 at a warehouse sale and he's been wearing them for years.
I dunno, I kind of like the rain. At least, I don't mind it very much. I've lived here all my life as well.
You can get a mini one for $8. This one probably belongs to the Playmobil company.
https://www.amazon.com/Blackberry-Folding-Blade-Charger-Playbook/dp/B004OZMWUS
I'm on my third Charge HR as well. I ended up buying a silicon covering for it from Aliexpress for $1 in hopes that it'll last longer before bubbling. So far so good.
Seems like the boys are giving it to Bo pretty hard for being an All-Star
This would be an amazing Snickers commercial for their "You're not you when you're hungry" campaign.
But a car doesn't have a head nor shoulders... how did she come to *that* conclusion?
We're probably *woooosh*-ing right now, but I'd always thought Tammy was short for Tamara
Is that not cough syrup
It's nice to hear "Holiday" again! HANK!!
IMO, the flavours aren't that bad. The only one I won't eat is black liquorice.
Thrills!
Whatsapp extended support until June 2017. Just go update the app in BlackBerry World. And to answer your original question, no.
I'm on mobile and I can't find it right now, but someone posted a "troubleshooting tips" thread on /r/twoxchromosomes that seemed to help a ton of people.
1 - depends on what you're wearing. Sometimes you can see the outline of the bandaid if the fabric of the bra/top isn't right.
Rock 'em sock'em robots
Like Lucille Bluth when she realizes it's Gene Parmesan
Django Fett
For the lazy: &gt; Luthier: one who makes stringed musical instruments (such as violins or guitars)
Was this done on purpose?
I knew a girl named September who admitted that she was named after the month in which she was conceived. I have never seen the teacher laugh harder.
One big fat middle finger, probably.
If it was the old CCM one, then I'd go with McLean/Linden/Bure but since it's a Reebok, I'd go with Horvat
Was [this](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2014-01/enhanced/webdr07/21/11/enhanced-buzz-7078-1390322818-38.jpg) the applicant?
I love the definition for "[pineapples](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=pineapples)"
The Battleshit - a shit so big it clogs the toilet/can't be flushed
The trick is to read the players' body language and not actually follow the puck. Source: Am Canadian :)
Boxes can only be flattened in the box flattening area
Read this and immediately thought about getting chicken nuggets thrown at me when I get married...
Sort of related - I had a pair of women's shoulder pads for hockey, which had "boob plates." [It was basically a panel for each boob and a middle connector panel](http://www.thehockeyshop.com/bauer-supreme-150-womens-shoulder-pads.html). The way it was constructed constricted my arm movement. I switched to a men's one and wore compression shirts under, which was better. But IMO, the best fit was [this women's one](http://www.thehockeyshop.com/ccm-u-09-womens-shoulder-pads.html) by CCM which combined the best of both worlds.
Dong-mination
Sign him up with Bo's skating coach!
And everyone can see your underpants!
Costco sometimes has them on sale, keep an eye out! That's where I bought mine (in Canada as well).
I wonder what HAP stands for on his glove...
I'm afraid I'm going to burn my ass off if I use a jetpack
Trout Lake? I felt the same. Missing out on the most Canadian thing ever (outdoor hockey) since it's Vancouver and it finally happened. :)
When I was in retail, a customer asked me for help choosing a gift. I asked what he had in mind, and he said, "I don't know, I don't really like them, but I want to get their kid something." So I suggested something infuriatingly noisy, with no off-switch and would activate at the slightest touch. He bought two of them.
*Bop it!*
There are some bacteria that will grow in that environment and produce toxins that cannot be destroyed by heat.
I add a little bit of ranch dressing or salsa or both!
Maybe he thought it was like beef where you just have to kill surface bacteria
Was it actually his fault or was this sarcastic? (Sorry, don't watch Comets games).
That reminds me of the episode of Kitchen Nightmares where Gordon orders a "grilled" Caesar salad and just gets a giant chunk of romaine
It's a very minor part of what he did here, but what always makes me tear up is during the video the Canucks made for the Children's Hospital (the one with the Michael Buble song) he holds up a sign that says "Because I won't" after Tanner Glass holds up one that says "Don't stop fighting."
I don't find the prices all that competitive actually (but too be fair I gave up a long time ago).
I wonder what Tryamkin said to White in that last gif. "I VILL EAT YOU"
They ran out of Indian Rupees
/r/personalfinance can probably help you get a head start in tackling that debt
This touchy-feely version of May gives me the heebie-jeebies
Did anyone actually learn anything from him?
Nosefrieda actually calls their product the "snot sucker"
My coworker used to call a skyjack (or similar) a "man basket"
I love listening to the [sounds of hockey](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=vuXom83i5EM). It's very soothing to me.
I imagined one of those douches in business suits who think they're the CEO of their company but they're one step above the mailroom. Not that the behaviour is appropriate for a CEO, but still.
I've seen a guy work on his gnarly toe nails (they were thick and yellow and hardened and twisted) in a quiet study space in the library, and a well-dressed middle-aged lady clipping her nails into the freezer at the supermarket.
It's like they're willing to bet their child's life that you are able to stop in time, especially if they're jaywalking.
How I wish you were wrong... Some Maserati actually cut me off earlier today because his dumb ass couldn't see that the row of cars were parked.
Your head is not worthy, Kesler
The "don't stop asking until you hear no three times" shit makes me so mad. Not at the cashier, but at whichever asshole in management thought that was a good idea. It's like they've never been shopping before.
He's made me a Bo-liever, that's for sure. I was ready to write off the next few seasons but I've watched more games than I expected just to see him play.
I read it as a "pick-up game" within the subreddit and was excited to play street hockey.
I would totally be down (have street hockey equipment, will goalie) but it would depend on time and day since I work. Also, you might want to make the suggestion a new comment because replies are automatically hidden. :)
Sounds good! We should probably wait for slightly better weather too.
If it's open schedule, then can you really be late?
Sounds like this is happened to her more than once, unfortunately :(
Yep just the tape. Not as big a fan of some of the waxes (in terms of smell).
Had a friend order her Z30 from there and got it no problem. I've ordered accessories from there and have also had no problems.
I found the FitBit to be absolutely awful at measuring skating strides as steps (but I'm not sure if you care about that) and I've heard some stories of the non-waterproof models not holding up well if you're a sweaty person. Also, it felt weird to wear it with gloves. YMMV
The yellow power ranger in many of the Power Ranger series was male! Don't feel bad.
Chasing after a bouncing football is the worst, imo
It's up to $25 now (there were three positions open a few months ago). Same as the parking enforcement officers but far less stress.
Kes looks like Barbra Streisand
[Hockey Authentic](http://wwww.hockeyauthentic.com/)! They're based in Vancouver. Their website has the old stick-in-rinks from that era only, but give them a call them to see if they have the navy/white Orcas.
He was with the Canucks for 20 years and could have signed with the Giants because he's grown roots here.
Get it on camera and show reddit
Knowing hockey players, they probably just call him Stoner or Stoney or something equally as lame
Or her and Anne Hathaway in a movie about a pair of serial killers who unhinge their jaws and eat their victims whole.
You can mail your jerseys to [IceJerseys](http://www.icejerseys.com/) but I don't know if that would be cost prohibitive.
I'm reading it on an app that doesn't show flairs and it's kind of fun trying to figure out who everyone's talking about
I'm giggling at how bad the Canucks "available players" list is
The list of "available players" is embarrassing.
My friend got uninvited from a wedding because she couldn't stop laughing at the bride's name (Dorcus).
I knew a Chinese guy named Waymond. Poor guy
It looks so... unnatural.
One of the waitresses on the episode did an AMA and if I'm remembering correctly, she confirmed the desserts were bought elsewhere.
5 - Elias Petterssen 33 - Henri Jokiharju 55 - Matthew Strome 64 - Robin Salo 95 - Olle Eriksson-Ek 112 - Michael DiPietro 188 - Artyom Manukyan On the very slim chance that I win, I only ask that you donate the $25 to the charity of your choice. Thanks for being generous.
Got a good chuckle out of me. Well done.
Was it against the rules in his own riff-off competition only, or a blanket rule for all acapella competitions?
I find that you have to stay on your feet more and play a bit deeper in the net. I've laced my toe ties into an old pair of shoes. YMMV
He's so adorable when he gets emotional. I just want to give him a hug.
Not that it isn't a good idea, but I thought the official channel stopped uploading highlights because the NHL told them to stop
Answer it and see how long I can string them along until they get fed up. I figure time wasted with me is less time scamming seniors
Aren't they called geese
Wasn't Knox hacked shortly after release? I don't know how well it performed after subsequent patches though.
This one got me good. Well done.
Bo?!... Cal? Oh... Ryan
I wouldn't expect Thornton to be interested in Vancouver. He wants a Cup, we're not going to be competitive for a while.
