Most of reddit thinks anything older than three or four years is going to explode any second.
Source: every skinnyfat who thinks they can "eat whatever they want and not get fat." I was one of them once.
Get a myfitnesspal account and log everything that goes into your mouth for a week or two. That'll explain very clearly why you never gain weight despite all the food you think you eat.
&gt; The too expensive excuse always baffles me considering so many Americans get their meals from eating out. It would be considerably cheaper to cook very healthy meals at home. Oh god, don't bait reddit into this discussion. If you think this thread is full of excuses...
Same here. Took a while to come around and get used to a new guy there, but damn, Cory is great at calling a baseball game.
It's the little known fifth turtle, Retardatello.
Muhammed Comcast.
Don't sweat it. I'd seriously up the calories a bit and just stick to it for a month. See how that goes.
Poutine
The Benjamin Button trailer with Arcade Fire's "My Body is a Cage". Saw it in the theater and thought holy shit I need to see that. It wasn't that great.
Have you ever actually seen a dick before?
my car explodes?
Does a vasectomy count? If so, me.
You wouldn't want to live in Minnesota then.
I would have gone crazy. I had plenty of time after work to snuggle with my baby.
It's really not that fucking hard. Certainly not hard enough that I couldn't hold a job while doing it.
He's right though.
These people seems to think a job takes up 100% of your time and if you have a year off you'd spend ever spare second snuggling with your new baby. edit: I guess the downvoters really believe this is what parenting is like.
Why the hell would that worry you? It's how markets work.
Tell that to our resident army of "my pit wouldn't hurt a fly" redditors.
No one's forcing us to eat it in excess either.
This is why some people are poor.
For one person? Don't see the problem.
Who gives a shit? It sounds like it was a fantasy of hers and the money was just icing on the cake.
and he's very expensive
I doubt many of them are buying 20k Corollas.
Crock pot, man. Crock pot everything.
There are shit loads of jobs with emotional and mental exhaustion. Do you really think teachers are the only ones who deal with that? And yes, not everyone is cut out to be a teacher, much like not everyone is cut out to be a cop or ditch digger or doctor or retail clerk. Seriously, get over yourselves.
Yeah, I cut out the regular soda 10-12 years ago and I can barely make it through a can anymore. Between the overwhelming sweetness and the realization of how much sugar I'm ingesting, I just can't do it.
Again, reddit with this weird idea that any car that's a few years old is going to explode at any moment. Take decent care of them and they'll treat you just fine. Plus, it's not like new cars never break down.
I make no money and pay $1,000/month for this gigantic pickup. What do?
Buy a $50 push mower off craigslist.
I will never understand why guys do this. It always makes you look like you have a weak jaw and a double chin.
Because perpetual outrage is more important than actually being free to go.
I wouldn't expect him to even know what the hell that was. I'm not sure what the guy was trying to prove by pointing it out. It's not like an FBI badge or something.
But it achieves the opposite. You just end up defining your jaw line half way up your face and looking like you've got a double chin. It's a really weird look.
Well, it's Jeter, so of course it's overrated.
I think a lot of gun loving folks hate these clowns too. It gives all of them a bad name. Like you said, I don't know the guy walking around with a fucking assault rifle and I have no idea what his intentions are. I think these open carry groups do this shit to try to make it more common so people don't freak out when they see someone with one. Because wouldn't we all feel so much safer if everyone was wandering around with guns strapped to their backs like it's the wild fucking west again.
Well, he tried getting the kid to comply, which the kid didn't. He tried tasering him, that didn't work. Now the kid's on top of him punching him in the head. What exactly do you expect him to do?
it's not slut shaming, it's shaming the bitch who went around preaching abstinence only and making big money doing it
Who the hell cares about passing on your genes? Does anyone have a kid for that reason? That's the dumbest shit I've ever heard.
They actually pass each other.
That he likes to fuck younger women? Jesus, the dude is only 38.
And convincing Christian conservatives that they're being persecuted is the political equivalent of shooting fish in a barrel.
put a plate full of french fries in front of him, that'll shut him up for a while
I'm in a profession full of wealthy, white, generally conservative Christian men. You wouldn't believe how often I read shit like "the white Christian man is the only person you can legally persecute in this country!" These are people who've never seen an ounce of persecution in their fucking lives. I know, I'm one of them, minus the conservative Christian part. Being a white guy in this country is still like winning the genetic lottery.
I'm loving this dude's campaign already. Between him and Trump this should be a fun ride.
&gt;Somehow not being able to persecute others is in itself persecution? God, exactly right. My own sister was bitching about it on Facebook yesterday, saying shit like "don't hate me for my opinions!" And it's like, bitch, you guys as a group voted to prohibit a group of people from getting married even though their marriage doesn't affect you one bit. And somehow she's the one who's feeling hated. It's mind blowing.
What, being a hard worker isn't a good enough defense?
Tell them God gave you a bad heart and science fixed it.
he looks black to me
It's just a stupid quote.
A parade of lifted trucks flying confederate flags. This is exactly how I envision the south to be.
I'm sure many of them change for political reasons. But it's hard to know for sure when that's the case.
Yeah, no shit. This went from "my dad moved it and is kind of a jerk" to "i'm aborting his baby". She yada-yada-d a lot of the story.
that time I actually raised my hand in class
Civ 5, if you're looking to pass lots and lots of time.
Oh god, imagine the state of OP's righteous indignation now....
Oh Lawd, go fix yourself a mint julep and calm your tits.
nope
http://i.imgur.com/NQHKSVE.gif
I think they look stupid, unless you're actually going offroading or something. But do what you want, it's your car.
I've called the people where I'm from much worse, so wouldn't bother me a bit.
Imbalances in what? Those three exercises cover a huge range of muscles, which is why they're always the go to lifts.
Do some rows or some other pulling exercise. I guess I'd assume most lifting plans include something like that.
You're absolutely right that he's following the law. But it's the classic case of "you're not wrong, you're just an asshole". We have the right to do a lot of things, but most of us control ourselves so as to not make everyone else's life miserable.
/r/lewronggeneration
Me too, man. Sucks. And then the "why are you turning so red?!" comments making a bad situation worse. I'm able to mostly control it now just because I'm not in those situations as much any more, but it's always lurking there.
Mostly lifestyle modification, like I alluded to. It was much worse when I was in school, forced into group settings, group projects, speeches, etc, etc. Now that I'm out, I started a business, my own boss, and am just not in those situations much any more. But yeah, no magic pill or anything unfortunately.
And if they didn't lose to a backup QB at home they'd be in too. But they did, so they were out.
They did...a little. Down 14-0 and driving. Score a TD there and you're down a touchdown in the first quarter and who knows how the game goes from there. Instead we throw a pick 6 and it's game over. Coulda shoulda woulda, I guess.
I thought the same thing. They had kind of regrouped from that quick 14-0 start and were driving down the field. I thought maybe they had weathered the storm. Then the pick six and that was ballgame.
Wasn't a fan of his before this season and I'm still not. Sounds dumb to say after the season they've had, but I just don't like his style and getting destroyed in bowls is getting old.
[I can see it](http://i.imgur.com/DTNVt1E.png)
My name's not exam, you ass!
&gt; MSU was superior that game and they deserved the win. Exactly. Which is why all the whining about the Mich-Mich St punt thing is so stupid. You guys actually played Mich St. And lost to Mich St.
Been facing it for the last 10 years.
/r/funny
same here. Can't live without it now. Also have a similar app, Twilight , I think, on my phone.
I've been saying the same thing even back when Nascar was surging in popularity. The races are too damn boring. People can sit here and say "well, look how many people sit down for 3-4 hours and watch football". Yeah, but Nascar races are the equivalent of a football game where both teams just hand off and pound 2 yard runs into the line for 58 minutes and then let it fly in the last 2. Nascar is the kind of sport that you really need to be into to be able to sit through a race and appreciate the intricacies. Most people just aren't going to sit down and watch 3.5 hours of lap-logging for 10 minutes of late race excitement. It's a format problem and Nascar can tweak things around the edges, but as long as races are as long as they are this is going to remain a struggling sport. The answer to their problem is staring them in the face with the Eldora truck race format, but I won't be holding my breath.
It is kind of MO of Islamic terrorists. Is it racist to point that out now?
The guy was pretty obviously talking about Islamic terrorists. He was following the previous two comments that also didn't specifically say "Islamic terrorists" so let's not pretend he was talking about all muslims, ok? I know it's very hard to not make everything racist, but maybe try just this once.
&gt;I can indeed hate on hipsters for the PBR train. I think PBR is somewhat decent and used to be my go-to for cheap beer. Same here, although I hate sounding like a "I liked it before it was cool" guy. I didn't necessarily like it, it was just my go to cheap beer.
Honestly, ANY allowance at 30 is excessive.
Seriously, do people realize they're not required to say "thanks for the gold, kind stranger"? No one's going to take away your reddit privileges if you just say thanks.
He's saying it's pretending that they're doing it to inspire people that is off-putting. If you want to just post your ass because it's a great ass and you like the attention, then go for it.
&gt;I have zero actual personality!" they are nice to look at though i cant lie. Edit: If all you do is eat healthy and go to the gym you're probably boring. I was with you until this. I hate this concept that being fit requires 24/7 attention and that being in shape means you're some kind of meatheaded moron. Believe it or not a decent diet doesn't require that much work and working out three or four hours a week isn't that time consuming.
Me too. Was told if you want to go to college you better work in high school to pay for it. So that's what I did. Just thought that was normal. I was wrong.
Please don't start this shit.
Well see, age caught up to him!
He'll get his ass locked up for life like three seconds after leaving the NFL.
It's an ideology, not a race. Why can't people understand this.
Yeah, sanity. Like conflating race and ideology.
I think most people get they're doing it for safety, the problem is that they're having to do that because one group of morons will kill them for displaying a cartoon.
I grew up there. I moved away for a while and lived in a forested area that more traditionally beautiful. I hated it. Made me claustrophobic. Couldn't wait to get back to those big corn fields.
Because Hillary and the mainstream media won't let them, dummy!
I feel like this is the reality behind most child's drawings. No deep meaning, just a screw up.
This is simply a matter of rearranging money that is already being spent. Essentially exchanging private spending for public. There's also no reason to believe it won't be much less expensive overall, given how much cheaper every other country is able to do it.
same here. Also on SSD. Load times are tripled and frame rate is cut in half.
You've probably already tried, but have you set your iPresentInterval to 0 in fallout4prefs.ini? I did that, set a frame rate limit with RivaTuner, and my FPS about doubled. Load screens were cut in half too for whatever reason.
If three steps and a knee down isn't a catch, then I give up.
Being rude one night while drunk doesn't necessarily make one an asshole. He chose a poor way to come out and say he had a problem with her weight, sure. But OP hasn't given much of an indication that this guy's been an asshole otherwise. After all, he did sit silently while she packed on 45 pounds in a year.
You're right, ignoring it forever even when it bothers you is a better route.
&gt;THAT WAS STUPID I agree.
Did it stay set at 0? Sometimes the game sets it back unless you make the file read only.
I get the feeling that much of /r/nascar doesn't pay any attention to dirt racing. Which is too bad.
ok,figured i'd try. For whatever reason that one stupid thing fixed all my problems. Good luck!
Got any local dirt tracks near you?
Yeah, don't understand the Peyton hate here. He can't catch these balls for the receivers.
Save us from what? The punishment that he himself designed when a couple people ate an apple? Sounds like a cool guy.
Yeah, I've got five within an hour of me that run weekly shows and one more that runs four-five shows a year. It's pretty great.
Funny, I've already seen the "this is just a big handout" line trotted out tonight. As if we're not already paying for the care of the poor. The upcoming debate on this is going to drive me insane.
Astute observation considering this is a discussion about having kids or not having them.
Frankly, it'd be the best thing they ever did. There's a reason every dirt track in the country runs that way.
Was watching the news coverage tonight and had to mute it every time she was talking. I just don't get her appeal. She is fucking painful to listen to.
Based on your one experience. Got it. No one has ever waited in an ER in the US before.
That's the stupid inefficiency created by our system, ironically enough in part due to Reagan signing EMTALA into law. Doing so created a de facto universal care system that drove the uninsured to acquire that care in the most costly way possible - the ER.
On reddit? The idea that poor people are just a bunch of hard working folks with four jobs working 100 hours/week. Sorry. I think most people are poor because they're dumb people who make dumb decisions.
Didn't see the pickup guy do anything wrong here.
Quick, someone post Charlie Bit My Finger!
I'm still wondering how you have two grisly rape/murder scenes without a drop of blood. Dude must have some some serious blood cleaning up skills.
And to think it's been appealed and that someone in power presumably watched that and was like "nope, no problem here!" That's fucking terrifying to me.
Still want to know how there was no blood found in either of the two supposedly grisly crime scenes.
Where's the evidence this woman was raped and had her throat slit while tied to a bed in this guy's bedroom? Avery apparently is a very gifted crime scene cleaner.....and then decides to just stash the vehicle out back?
ok, fair enough
Actually it was the defense lawyers making that point.
No, but they're trying to explain that it didn't need to be some huge conspiracy. That just one guy could've pulled it off. And to that end, I think they're right - one guy COULD have pulled it off. Now, to be clear, I don't necessarily think Avery is guilty or innocent. I just think there was enough reasonable doubt here to not convict him.
WAKE UP, SHEEPLE!
I grew up on a farm so I totally get it.
Do what?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAA
sweet repost
Goodwill smell.
Why is this perfectly reasonable question getting downvoted? WTF is going on here?
Mostly because of the idea that that's just what you do after you get married. I would not recommend using this logic.
She's an adult. Why exactly should she have to tell everyone about this? yeah, a DUI is a big deal, but she probably just wants to forget about it and put in the past like anyone else would want to.
My buddy is a marriage like this and is miserable. I think it's time you put your foot down. She doesn't want you getting a room to stay over night? Tough shit. She's going to have to deal with it. Time for her to grow up or you better start looking for an exit plan. Living with someone like this would be awful.
Probably some evolutionary motherly instinct stuff. Guy with kid means he's not shooting blanks and he's able to care for offspring. Something like that, I'd guess.
[Breaking news.](http://bogleech.com/pokemon/slowpoke.png)
I guess I can't blame them for depending on the defense, but you're only going to hold the Pats for so long.
Peyton looks like he's in pain doing anything. Resting pain face.
how the fuck do you let Gronk get over the top there?
ok
You don't need one that plays games, just one that realizes that you enjoy them so you should play them. I play all the damn time, especially during the shitty winters here, and my wife never says a thing about it. She knows it's how I relax.
I never really thought much about it until I'd read stories about controlling significant others on reddit. I just assumed rational behavior when it came to this was normal. Haha. Anyway, today I bailed out of a family function with my inlaws and spent the morning overclocking my CPU and then the afternoon watching football and playing video games. And none of it was a problem with her.
They won't listen to him either and then demand someone higher up the chain all while insisting they're "not trying to cause any trouble."
If you hit enough luxuries you'd be ok for a while. But it seems like it'd be a nightmare eventually.
Just my opinion, man.
"I don't give two shits about three fucks." This kid is hardcore.
[Looks like a success, Doc.](http://i.imgur.com/pOW71.gif)
yeah, my lab had access to the yard whenever he wanted and he'd regularly go out and nap in the sun when it was below zero.
How do you get black listed from Amazon?
So wake up early and do it. Or you work out one night while wife watches kids and then switch it up the next day.
The NFL has two conferences. Each conference picks it's best players and then those two teams play each other in a meaningless game at the end of the season.
American Horror Story: Freak Show. It's...ok.
If you're eating well with an active lifestyle, it's not genetics. It's almost never genetics.
But we have to make it sound harder so there's a convenient excuse when we quickly give up!
Well, there are ways to prevent getting pregnant again.
Sure, but even with cancer are you going to go to the lowest bidder when you or your kid's life is on the line? And how do you even go about knowing who's "good" at treating these things? Consumers are wildly uneducated about health care and simply can't make well informed decisions on these things, and certainly can't make rational ones when their life is on the line.
You realize this is literally how all insurance works, right?
That's the problem for me. I enjoyed FO4, but the world is just so bleak.
This is awful.
This is just a longer version of the "everybody makes mistakes" argument, which I've always thought is an awful argument to make. It's always built on this premise that everyone screws up and implies that those mistakes are somehow on equal footing. They're not. Slipping on the ice because I wasn't paying attention is a mistake. Forgetting to buy milk at the grocery store is a mistake. These are things everyone does. Cheating on your partner may be a mistake, but it's a whole other level and many people are able to go through life without making a mistake like that.
Yeah, I hate our current system and am a single payer fan......but.....something doesn't add up with this story.
Perhaps, but someone making 300k with millions in the stock market shouldn't be teetering on bankruptcy due to $1k/day treatments that haven't even started yet.
No you wouldn't.
Yeah, I worked those 60-70 hour weeks in a hot-as-balls factory back in college. That's all it took to know I wanted no part of that shit for the rest of my life.
Got mine for $25 off Amazon. Best $25 I ever spent.
I envy nurses. They all seem to have this schedule.
Sure employees can have rights. But all of this... &gt;If your employer decides they don't need you, you're out of a job, lose income, lose healthcare, possibly other benefits. ...doesn't matter to me as an owner. If you're a shitbag employee I should be able to fire you whenever I want. And keep in mind, most businesses are small businesses. I can't afford to keep paying wages and benefits to employees who are terrible. There's not enough play in the numbers to make that shit work. Maybe if you're Apple or Facebook, which is how reddit seems to view most businesses.
But why don't you evil business owners pay me my full wages for an entire year when I have my baby and then just hire someone to replace me for that whole year when I'm gone!! It's only fair!
As awful as it is, this is the shit that will drive more people to vote for him. It's a net positive in the long run.
Bernie supporters are too busy assaulting Trump supporters, so that's what's getting covered.
I'm sure you'd ask the same question if an army of Trump supporters were assaulting Bernie people as they left the rally. Right? You wouldn't blame that on Trump at all. Right?
The media spent weeks blowing their load when that old guy punched that black kid at a rally. Funny how when the roles are reversed they act a little differently.
Probably when he talked about illegals when he announced his run and people purposely misunderstood what he said to fit their agenda.
Right, a crowd of young people chanting Bernie's name aren't Bernie supporters.
Maybe, although I think a lot of the rage is aimed at a strawman version of him, but either way you don't get to beat on his supporters because your feelings are hurt.
I'm not attributing anything to all of these protestors. But people in the crowd WERE chanting Bernie's name. People they interviewed WERE Bernie supporters. Just fucking deal with it, some of these people are definitely his supporters.
I also am anti-hell.
Surprising how many Bernie supporters are ok using violence against someone whose words they don't like.
Islam is an ideology not a race. Why is this so difficult to understand?
Yes. You don't get to beat people because you don't like their words.
So it's all Trump's fault and the Bernie people there weren't *actually* Bernie people. Sweet victim blaming, Berniebro.
Apparently you can't read because his post was specifically about people chanting Bernie while beating a guy. That isn't ALL Bernie supporters, nor is it even accusing the crowd of rioters of being Bernie supporters. He's talking about the people committing the assault.
You should go visit S4P. It's victim blaming up and down there right now.
"This." - serpentinepad "Literally this." - serpentinepad
&gt;Also a lefty. Teams will always shift you to pull so figure out how to shoot em out to left just over/by the 3b, you can usually walk to second. I did this my first few years now I dont care how they play me I just try to hit the ball as hard as I can. See, I don't get this. Lefties in our league always try to go opposite field and it's so weird to me. Most teams have their worst outfielder out in right field. Generally it's the guy who can't catch or throw. Not to mention that hitting to right is an inherent advantage anyway. I think a lot of lefties overthink this stuff because of "the shift", which is really just a normal defensive placement that's the opposite of what it would be for a righty.
I hit the local dirt tracks. Have several within about an hour. They cost about $10 and have little traffic. Plus the racing is better anyway.
"My mother is the strongest woman I know" - jeb "She should be running." - Trump GTFO guac bowl merchant.
The concept of what? Getting to beat someone because you don't like their words? What are we, four year olds?
Parked in the clearly marked "no parking - fire lane" area because you were "just running in"? Hop in this mobile gas chamber, son.
Well of course there will be delivery exceptions.
You've never actually set foot in a coat store, have you?
Yeah, but at Kohl's that jacket would've been $24,000 on sale for only $12,000! Instead she just paid $12,000 like a schmuck.
Better than assaulting you for going to a rally.
People trolling your subreddit is better than them beating you for going to a Bernie rally. What's so hard to understand. That seems undeniably true to me.
It's not so random to Trump supporters who have been assaulted.
From what I've read here tonight Bernie supporters are the smartest most informed voters. I'm sure they'll be lining up behind this candidate of which we speak.
Get her a coat!
Oh they'll dispute everything. Anything bad a berniebro does is a false flag!
I'm surprised they had enough money left to afford the booze.
This is what happens in every state Bernie loses. It's fraud, I tells ya!
Why is arrogant to love my country? I didn't say it was perfect.
Our country sucked so hard we had to flee! Let's turn this new country into the old one!
Where are these people because I haven't seen any.
Jesus Christ, I am so happy I bailed off the Bernie train six months ago.
People seem to think being rich is like punching a time clock at $100,000/hr and then taking your w-2 down to H&amp;R Block.
I don't think the guy who just walked away with the Republican nomination despite never being in politics is really "failing".
Here's some black people telling Native Americans how they should feel: http://espn.go.com/nfl/story/_/id/15608840/native-americans-say-unbothered-redskins-team-name-washington-post-poll Oh, you're not bothered by the term, well you SHOULD BE!
I wish you would step back from that edge, my friend.
You didn't answer the question. Would it upset you or not?
#HOLDS THE BIBLE HIGH
I saw the news on the front page from posts on the /r/The_Donald. /r/news no where to be found. Had to go to this subreddit to find any news about it and then I find this shitstorm of a thread were half the fucking posts are deleted.
I woke up yesterday to like 20 posts on the front page about Grimmie. 50 people die last night? Only posts from this subreddit on the front page.
We've got plenty of coats to go around. Come on over.
Yet the only posts about the third biggest terrorist attack on US soil presently on the front page are from /r/the_donald. You may not like it, but it's the best you've got right now.
I can't believe /r/news mods are so anti-LGBT that they'd so harshly censor news about such a heinous crime against the LGBT community.
Yeah, because when that guy killed a couple people at the abortion clinic in Colorado liberals were all very civil and respectful.
My family is Christian and spews hate, no doubt. They do not, however, spew bullets.
A Muslim who pledged allegiance to ISIS. Who the fuck are we supposed to blame?
Ugh. Yes, it's all the same. Of course. No differences at all in scope or scale.
Allowing a bunch of Muslim refugees in isn't going to help.
Let's be honest here, Islam has the terrorist market cornered at the moment.
Well he's had eight years and hasn't called it what it is yet, so I don't imagine he's about to after a little more investigation.
What's even more stupid is that no one is celebrating the actual attack, which is what these dumbfucks are implying. At the absolute worst people have been saying this will make Trump numbers go up, which is harsh, but probably true. I haven't seen a single post say "yay, look at all those dead gays!" People keep trying to pretend that Trump supporters are acting like Muslims celebrating on 9/11.
Yeah, I would also like the mods to address their horrible anti-LGBT actions on these threads. If anything here was hateful, it was that.
And as awful as that is, that's what, 10 people over the span of 30 years? Islamic terrorism killed 50 just today and just in Orlando. Yes, shitty Christians exist but can we please stop pretending the scale of the problem is in any way similar?
There's no reason for any of them to still be mods. Especially after this excuse-filled mess of a PR response.
That it's probably too easy to get guns. That we should do universal background checks. But ultimately the cats out of the bag on this one and there are so many guns out there that any criminal who really wants one can still get one and there's not a damn thing you can do about it.
Deliberately misleading title.
Compound interest. Also, workout regularly. You don't have to go crazy. Just get in a routine that keeps you in decent shape. Once you get into your thirties people really start to get fat so it's easy to be the in-shape guy without much work. Plus, you know, the health benefits and stuff.
Reddit doesn't seem to mind ripping on Christians every time any of them do anything. Never seems to be the same concern or fear with that. Wonder why.
It absolutely does make sense to point out who's the worst. We do this all the time. We don't treat all crimes as being the same just because theyre all crimes. The fact of the matter is that life for gays and atheists in a Muslim country is MUCH more dangerous than in Christian America. And FWIW I'm an atheist, not a Christian apologist by any means. I'm just tired of this nonsense where we all pretend that everything is the same. It's not.
I love it. I might be in the minority but I hated having 10,000 different attachments for every gun. It's probably why I loved BF 1943 and the Vietnam addon for BFBC2 so much.
&gt;Always amazes me how concerned people are about low to modest fees but then they'll tip a waitress 20% just to bring them a few plates of food. You "work in investments" and *this* is the comparison you make? I can't even comprehend this stupidity.
&gt; Currently, a person who says they do not believe in God, will not be elected as leader of the United States, or to any prominent government position. Little different that literally killing you for it though.
She'd report you HR for being too white. Well, me at least cuz I'm really white and am unable to understand anything because of it.
Exactly. She may have actually just enjoyed it that much, which is fine too. But yeah, telling him that she *really* enjoyed it could be just because she thinks that makes it hotter for him.
Let's be honest though, that's exactly why this pic was posted.
It's a literally true statement. I cannot comprehend your issue here.
2008 they had no chance anyway. McCain was a sacrificial lamb. 2012 going up against an incumbent president was almost as rough. They didn't really have much of a chance in either of those elections from the start.
&gt;a neighborhood that's like 75% black, 21% Hispanic and just 3% white. Why is this a problem? Are you implying only whites are able to control themselves?
Same here. I so fucking sick of people bitching about brigading. Is it really a big surprise that people from the most active political candidate subreddit MIGHT spend time on this one too? Absolutely shocking, I know. edit: OMG i'm getting downvoted when will reddit stop the brigading!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Hey, hey, whoa there buddy. You think putting a post in a hole is easy? Almost any real world job takes a lot more skill than it would seem. It took me months to get good at putting posts in holes. You in your ivory tower have no idea how real jobs work.
Harris has to have the most deliberately misunderstood views that I know of. And what's worse is that hes almost painstakingly thorough about laying them out, yet people still play dumb and don't get it.
Relatively speaking, yes.
Hey that's like (insert any of 40 different states) !
I always love the abortion doctor response considering as awful as it is its resulted in like 10 deaths over the past 30 years. One Muslim just killed 49 last weekend.
You're right. People should just keep pretending that there's no problem here.
I'm not entirely sure, but I don't think they turn that high of RPM.
This post.
It's the worst low energy karma whoring post.
You don't like the weird monotone robot lady?
It's not art. Maybe for /r/im14andthisisdeep, I guess.
Knowing what this fuckstick did is different than taking away his due process. Christ, dude. Use your head.
You obviously don't work in health care.
Exactly what I thought. "Hey bros, let's show these pussies that it's not really THAT hot out there!"
At least his family will be able to eat him for weeks. Still providing from beyond the grave.
It's the being entitled to kids that gets me.
Honestly, you're going to need better video. Hard to see much through the chain link.
So salty. You haven't had a body in that good of shape in your whole life.
"She told me that she loved me then commenced on the suckin', I tried to hold her back, but I nutted in her ear. When it dried up, the bitch couldn't hear." This shit is amazing.
This is reddit. No one here understands how businesses work. They think businesses are just faceless money printing machines out to screw the little guy.
I guarantee you if a dealership tried this they'd still have people coming in expecting to negotiate. It's just part of car buying that people expect. It sucks. But it's going to take a loooong time to unwind that expectation.
That's the thing, just take care of the damn car and they'll probably run a long time, no matter what the make. I drove an old Taurus up to 230k before I finally unloaded it and it was running great to the end. Rarely ever put any money in it.
Haha, same here. Wife's parents just dropped $60k on a new car. My folks have never spent over $10k. Both of our vehicles are paid off. I like my way better. Wife does too.
I don't know how you'd argue that that schedule ISN'T a brutal grind. Not to mention the car is a car owner too, so he's got that on top of being a driver.
He's obviously talking about the ones in the video and only advocates sending them back if they can't follow the rules. He's right on both accounts.
I always save them for evening golden hour. Take a nice shit on the lawn. A little framing and that warm lighting, you can't go wrong.
This is just a regular brag. Which is fine if it's true.
Look at this look at this look at this
Yeah, serious, that last corner shot was awful.
Mine just did a couple weeks ago. I definitely never approved anything. Just turned it on one day and it was updated. Bricked the one goddamn program I used that computer for too.
So do we make him walk the plank now?
He didn't get killed because of the shoplifting. Attacking the cop got his ass killed. What are you no understanding here?
Yeah, going back to that whole why are you still single thing....
Sound like it'll be just her life forever.
This is more or less how every relationship I had started out. Including the one with with my now wife. Managed to have girlfriends and a wife without ever asking anyone out.
Oh, you have kids with two different guys, have been divorced twice, engaged four times, and have spent much of your adulthood living at home after someone kicks you out? Yes, I'm sure you're not the problem.
He prefers a woman. To piss on.
TIL winning by the rules of how we've elected presidents for hundreds of years is a "technicality".
Leave it to Trump to force /r/politics into a position where they have to support military waste and corporate welfare. Lolololol.
Why would we hate it? It's exactly what he said he was going to do. So yeah, I guess make a big deal out of him following through on what he campaigned on. Good luck!
Do oil and gas companies do "anything out of the ordinary" when democrats shit on them all the time? Or drugs companies?
What's the lie? Does Chevy build Cruzes in Mexico that they ship back to the US or not?
Same problem. The holidays are an absolute nightmare. Constant running around to different family obligations. Yeah, I get a couple days off work, but spending that time with fifty of my extended family is some shitty rec center isn't exactly a day off. I feel like I need a week of vacation.
Oh, so not a lie then. Got it.
Why the hell would we? I'll just sit here and enjoy the irony that this dumbass will face no consequences (he shouldn't, of course) for flying a banner that says Trump is a "fascist dictator".
&gt;While it was a huge jump over the previous year, Ah, well that's much better.
Except for the part where they say that some of the hatchbacks come back to the US. So.....what's the lie again?
&gt; **Leaving kids that young alone**, notwithstanding near anything hazardous, **is negligent**. You kinda built that strawman yourself.
You think he really likes manure?
After a post like that some black kids might kidnap and torture you.
Yeah, we'll see how much Maddow and Chris Hayes breathlessly cover this one. I doubt much.
Harassed for wearing a hijab? Post it 10,000 times. Kidnapped and tortured for supporting Trump? Not political. LOL at this fucking place. .....and the post is gone
Wear a hijab, lie about being harassed, make it to the top of politics! Get tortured on video? Meh, not political. Mods should be ashamed of themselves.
We only allow fabricated stories about women being harassed for wearing hijabs here.
Honest question, if these were white guys beating a black Clinton supporter while saying "Fuck Clinton, fuck blacks" would your response be "well, people have been saying fuck Clinton for decades"?
In the weeks after the election, "hate crime" stories were being posted there fucking *constantly*. Now all of a sudden the criteria seems to have changed. Now an actual video of someone being tortured apparently doesn't quite make the cut. I wonder why that is...
And yet every time someone reported getting harassed by Trump supporters it was posted in this very sub. I wonder why that was?
Are you fucking serious? https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5c91k8/women_in_hijabs_on_2_campuses_say_they_were/ https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5c8yg7/muslim_student_says_trump_supporters_robbed_her/ https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5cguzf/muslim_women_across_us_face_attacks_after_donald/ So about that "policy, not assault reports".....
https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5m1xwa/slug/dc0sh5v So what about these?
Here are some of the "hate crimes" from your site... "Washington State Students Plan To Build Trump Wall" "Latina News Anchor Called "Un-American" For Saying "Buenos Dias" On-Air" "Tulane Fraternity Members Build Fake "Trump" Wall Along Their House" "KKK "Imperial Wizard" Endorses Trump: "What He Believes In, We Believe In" I see we've loosened that hate crimes definition a bit.
&gt; You don't see any posts here about that either. I see you've taken the move the goalposts approach. Classy.
They've deleted every story about this from everywhere the past 18 or so hours. And looks like they've deleted this one too. Is the washington post an "unsourced youtube video" as well?
Is a story about Trump supporters supposedly harassing someone for wearing a hijab political? Because for some reason the mods here seem to think THAT story was ok. Nevermind the fact it ended up being fake.
When it comes to /r/politics I honestly can't tell anymore.
Did you see the article this thread is based on?
Yeah, generalizing is bad. *ignores story that starts with "Dear white people"*
So this is somehow Trump's fault? What?
So four black teens kidnapping and torturing a white guy is Trump's fault? Just want to be sure we're clear here.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Point being that being "harassed" is a little different than being kidnapped and tortured. Something like getting dragged out your car and beaten is a little closer, but that also was violence against a Trump supporter.
&gt;Seriously, admit it. You aren't going to vote for a Republican ever if you are a liberal Democrat, and vice versa. It's the same national problem at a local level. Exactly. I'm so tired of people here pretending that this is only a Republican. Acting like liberals are so open minded and willing to jump to the other side at a moment's notice. Please. Same shit just the opposite way.
Jesus Christ, dude.
About every experience I've had in an auto parts store is like this. I wonder how much of it is good training vs hiring guys that love working on cars.
Good, Meryl. People really listened to all you celebrities this election cycle. Maybe you can all get together and make another video about it.
The funny thing is that I did vote in my best interests but because I'm apparently "rich" I'm just an asshole for doing it.
You do realize that free speech doesn't mean you're free from being critcized, right?
Yes I understand that. But your implication is that it's somehow wrong for people to be pissed about it or to call her out for being dumb.
Again, who are you to make that decision for someone else? What is your list of approved issues to base your vote on? And which way should everyone vote on them? Just so everyone knows and can make sure they adhere to your approved way of voting.
Yeah, never quite understood the argument that it must be fine if other cultures do it. Some cultures do all kinds of stupid backwards shit.
Seriously. I'm also a Hawkeye fan so I have no idea what offense looks like and even I could see that coming
Nothing stopped him from putting on a condom.
Thank god you only let the criminals carry the guns.
&gt;Their goal was not to kill him but to rob him. Huh? How do you know that? And how the hell could you come to that conclusion with an unknown assailant pointing a gun at you?
Your story is almost identical to mine, except that my wife was also a virgin. We started off with 2-3x/week sex for a few months which eventually tapered to 1x every week or every other week. And same as you, I got rejected constantly and eventually just stopped initiating. We'd have "the talk" over and over and things would improve for a week and then just go back to how they were before. What drove me crazy the whole time wasn't so much the lack of sex, but the lack of effort she put in to fix it. She'd have problems with birth control, knew she did, would swear she'd go to her doctor to change it, and then wouldn't. Things like that. Finally about 8 years in during one the talks, I basically told her that we weren't going to be having this conversation in another eight years. Either she actually puts in some effort and I'd bail. Yeah, it was a fairly vague threat for a time well into the future, but the prospect seemed to finally wake her up about how serious this was. Shit changed overnight and surprise surprise - she enjoys sex. Three years later things are humming along just fine. And just to note, I'd give her every opportunity during every "talk" to express any reservations or problems she had with me. So I never just blamed her for the whole mess. edit: I don't know why so many of the top comments are essentially blaming OP for this.
Why the fuck is this comment upvoted?
Because this sub has no interest in actual politics and only cares about stupid clickbait headlines about how much Trump is literally Hitler.
By you. It won't be supported by you.
But you said it "will not be supported". Obviously you are wrong.
Looks like you edited out the part where you called me ignorant too.
And when she awoke pissed at you, did you ask her "There's emotion on your face. Why?"
I'm still looking for some evidence that Republicans raise taxes on small businesses. You said it happens, I'd like to see the proof. Thanks!
I'd be really curious to know Tony's opinions on race format given his dirt track background.
The heat races were bad because Nascar in their infinite wisdom decided, for example, to run two 50 lap heats at Bristol. That's way too friggin long. Plus you need a small enough field that there actually transfer spots to fight for. This is why Eldora's system is so much better and makes for one of the best shows all year.
He doesn't know shit. He made a stupid claim and I called him out on it and now he's trying to dance and dodge his way out.
I think you actually have to go look at the tax brackets over the past 35-40 years.
Probably, yes.
If anyone knows about anything being possible, it's Shaun King.
No kidding. I've seen a lot of stupid Hitler comparisons here but this one takes the case. This is seriously bordering on that "you know else had a mustache?!?..... HITLER!" shit.
You mean the average /r/politics poster who's making those comparisons without an ounce of sarcasm.
&gt;Oh god, this is great. Today has been a good day. Sometimes I think things can't get any more amazing with Trump and then something like this happens. He's got them defending big pharma here too. lOLOLOLOLOL. My fucking sides.
I've amended my original post to provide my evidence. That should appease everyone who is apparently butthurt about my accusations. This is all very real and Buzzfeed will be running it shortly. Just you watch.
Uh yeah, but CNN was still in the front row.
It was better watching it through the second time too.
Heat races are a great idea, they just did them wrong. Two 50 lappers at Bristol was beyond stupid, especially with nothing to fight for. Do the same thing with the Eldora format, complete with fewer cars in the A-main, and you've got a good show. Make it mean something. Make guys have to fight to make into the A-main. This is what happens when you do them right: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BK-_wNObP4A
It sure seemed good enough for /r/politics.
Same here. Small, young town with kids everywhere all the time. It's probably more normal to see some six year olds wandering around alone than it is to see them with their parents.
It's definitely weird at first. I remember when we first moved to our house our daughter was 6 and my wife, in particular, had a difficult time with it. Had to fight the urge to be watching over her all the time. But we ran through the basics, made sure she knew how to cross the street and all that stuff and then just kind of let the leash get longer and longer. Didn't take long before we'd send her out and not even think about it.
Just grasping for anything now. Jesus christ, did any of you bother reading the fucking article... "Arnowitz said Penthouse, which has published controversial documents and interviews in the past, has not received physical tapes or video files but individuals have responded to the offer via email and its customer help line." Wow. Dat proof. But no, you're totally not grasping at straws here.
So you're making fun of me for not believing any of these things?
So start your own business then.
Ok keep whining instead.
Oh me too. I'm 35 with a shit load of student loans. However I'm also at a point where I'm finally making good money, so the monthly payment isn't nearly as big of a deal as it used to be.
Yeah on an individual basis anything can happen. Put of a group of similar aged smokers vs non smokers and I'd bet you'd could tell a difference immediately.
I don't care if shorts are a poor fashion choice when it's 100 degrees outside. Not every situation is one for cuffed skinny raw denims.
The same one he mentioned in a tweet four hours ago?
And the top two on the front page are Russian ties articles. Don't you think if he didn't want to draw attention to it he would have, you know, just not mentioned it at all?
And do you know how to not draw attention to something?
But she was the one taking pictures of him and posting them on social media. How is SHE not the creep in this situation?
If they don't like they could, oh I don't know, just not fucking go rather than throwing a shit fit about it.
Point being if you're going to label one of them a creep, her taking shots of him at a restaurant and then posting them on social media is far more creepy than him being an obvious troll in return.
&gt;yet when someone asks me "this button is whatever function, right?" God, no kidding. Trying to transfer my favorite settings from game to game is such a pain for this reason. Especially my jet/helicopter settings. *Press button to set yaw right* "Ok, easy.......wait.....FUCK I GUESS I'LL LOAD THE OLD GAME AND FIND OUT."
I always invert. I think it's because I played a lot of flight sims before I got into FPS games. Just makes more sense to me.
Playing with buddies who don't have PCs.
You don't need to be making anywhere close to 250k to see these kinds of rates. For a family of four you get phased out of the subsidies at like 97k. Have fun paying that 1900/month with that income.
Why the hell are they just not kneeling on it.
Left or right, I wish this triggered meme would die already. The most innocuous things now get "hurrdurr triggered!" reply.
So calling him an illegitimate president was "respectfully disagreeing"?
Like when he ripped the out of control costs on the F35 and /r/politics suddenly became pro military waste because of jobs. Or how they started pearl clutching about people's 401ks when pharma stocks dipped after he called for reducing drug costs.
Not me. I need about 80 pounds worth of blankets. One of those lead x-ray blanket things would be about perfect.
Yes, I'm sure this will be the one. Bernie will be inaugurated on Friday just like everyone thought.
I don't understand how that state keeps ANY businesses.
So people are too dumb to allow free speech. You all have gone of the deep end.
The real sad part is that I can't tell who's real and who's trolling here anymore.
Yeah, no kidding. If only Lincoln had just said "fuck it, slavery's fine!"
Not necessarily, but at some point continuing to throw money at the problem doesn't do any good. You have to expect something out of them too. They need to recognize their own deficiencies and start to address them. It's hard to spend your way out of the problem when you're dealing with parents who just don't give a shit.
I'm 35 and I turned more conservative and totally admit it. At some point those higher taxes on the "rich" become you're higher taxes. Then it's not so fun anymore.
But who exactly are you talking to? I see virtually no one here saying they voted Trump and now regret it. The entire thread is just "I didn't vote Trump, but I know so and so who did..."
Reducing the pass through income tax rate and repealing Obamacare. If you own a business you'd know why.
So is everyone back on Kanye's side now?
I.....hate you.
I wouldn't want 40 cars on any dirt track. That's some of the appeal. Run 24 cars and make it actually mean something to make the A-main for a change.
The all-star race in any form at Charlotte just needs to die already. Unless they move it to the dirt track out back.
She broke the glass ceiling!
Well, I support single payer. I just think Obamacare is a shitty solution. It was modeled after a Republican plan, after all. You guys would all hate it if Bush had passed it.
Uh....no it doesn't. It works the same as any other insurance plan only doesn't cover every stupid little thing. It protects you on the top end from bankruptcy from a large unexpected problem. It puts more of the onus on the person to cover their own costs up to a certain point.
Like great Americans, yes.
Insurance. You don't understand how insurance works.
There's already plenty of ammo as far as that goes.
Well that seems like a perfectly reasonable headline that invites rational discussion.
I only wish I could stand in Brother Bernie's Breadlines.
I think it was less about her being a woman and more about her being a soulless robot.
&gt;a premise as flimsy as their method of correspondence Ok, let's not pretend that just using email was the problem.
So what? The team that racks up the most yards doesn't win the football game either.
Yes, of course it's a false equivalency. When *you* do it, it's just telling the truth.
Such misogynistic language.
This is it! This is what will finally do him in. #Bernie2016
Well, he also won the vote that mattered, so there's that too.
I think this is where they usually trot out the "yeah but look how much play this getting" line. Because everyone seeing that you're a gigantic asshole is apparently a good thing for the cause.
The most mind blowing thing with Lemieux is that he was retired for three years, came back at 35, and was instantly the best player in the league the rest of that season. I think I watched more hockey that year than I have in the 16 years since.
Should have sent [this one](http://imgur.com/gallery/rx97Sr4).
If only they had bothered turning out in the election.
You don't know a lot of 50 and 60 year old guys, do you?
she won't
Obama never talked about gun control?
I'm pro-choice and everything, but you don't honestly see the difference there? Seriously?
nice spin
Cool, I'm glad to see /r/politics on board with assaulting people with different viewpoints, as shitty as they might be.
He's a powerless jackass who only has any relevance because people insisted on giving him airtime because they thought it would hurt Trump. He presents no actual threat to anyone, anymore than those idiots at the Westboro Baptist Church do.
I'm unclear who the supposed fascists are here.
I'm pro-choice, but for those who are pro-life I don't think the "slaughter" happening at a lower rate is much of a victory.
You like anecdotes? Because you're going to get some anecdotes.
How do you know? He's been president for TWO days.
Sounds like me and my sister. I was a kid who just didn't rock the boat. Got good grades, made curfew. Lived a boring life. My sister was one year younger than me and once she hit about 14, she went crazy. Same household. Same stable two parent home. Two completely different outcomes. She's fine now, though.
Sorry some people are honest and not just virtue signaling 24 hours a day. I'm sure you two have neither heard nor said anything bad amongst your friends before.
Not really. Many of us heard it, recognized it for what it was, and still voted for him. Why? Because it was obvious fucking around and I, for one, don't pretend that similar banter doesn't happen between most of us.
Well, of the people who actually bothered to vote and have their voice heard, it was split 46.1% Trump, 48.2% Clinton. So yeah, pretty close to 50/50.
I see the mods are still allowing only the most important stories.
Right, because if there's one thing we haven't tried, it's throwing money at the problem.
Well, it was bad until Trump got elected. Now all of sudden a lot of opinions have shifted 180 degrees on it. I can't quite figure out why...
It really wasn't that funny though. /r/tiredjokebutsad
So a fetus one hour before birth wouldn't qualify as a person to you? I'm pro-choice, but wow.
Good idea. Throwing money at the problem has worked wonders so far.
Same here, but i live in South Dakota so I'm only happy like three months per year. Give me 100 degrees everyday over anything under about 60 degrees.
&gt;vulnerable group of people is to slap the "illegal" label on them What else are they? They're not here legally. So they're here _______.
For me it's pork loin. I'll pick up those big tubes of it for like $1.50-$2.00/lb. Cut it into a few pieces, throw into a couple crock pots overnight, and there's my protein for probably two weeks. Plus it takes about two minutes to cut it up and throw it in.
What effect does race have on the ability to be, say, secretary of state or transportation secretary?
The Chicago kidnappers were yelling about Trump too but the mods deemed that one "not political". Totally no double standard going on here. Mods are being the typical biased cowards they've always been.
Is there some kind of threshold that must be attained?
I get it. I was a card carrying liberal for my entire adult life. It was only the last couple years when things started to change, for all the same reasons Dave states. But when you've had that "liberal=good, conservative=bad" idea in your head for so long it's pretty hard to finally just admit that you're conservative.
Yes, because being poor somehow absolves you in any way from the crime of torturing, raping, and killing a man over the course of two weeks.
&gt; defending Nazi Richard Spencer Interesting take on what I had to say about him, which included calling him a "grade A dickbag", a "fucking asshole", and a "powerless jackass", who has a "shitty viewpoint". My "defense" of him amounted to saying we shouldn't assault people we disagree with. Your reading comprehension is off the charts.
Uh, can you literally not read? I'm defending the idea of NOT ASSAULTING PEOPLE BECAUSE YOU DON'T LIKE THEIR VIEWPOINTS. I do not know how you could possibly reach the conclusion that I was telling people to accept his ideology.
It IS a different opinion. It's a shitty one, but it's a different one. What the hell else would it even be? If I had the opinion that rape is ok, would someone be free to assault me for it even if I've never committed the crime? You have a strange approach to free speech, given your username.
It's like when you're walking down the street and you go to tip your fedora at a fair m'lady and your hat slips and lands in a puddle.
I'm more stunned I'm seeing this bullshit in /r/bestof. I figured this place had it's head on straight at least a little. But no, it appears to just be a /r/politics clone.
"Pigs in a blanket, fry 'em like bacon." Should we go around assaulting the BLM crowd for their bad words too?
I use Voice Attack and it's great. Takes a little to get everything set up, but once it is, it works almost flawlessly. Every now and then I'll have to repeat something, but pretty rare. I highly recommend it.
apparently reddit never learns it's lesson
So what? Did he knock one of you "peaceful" protestors out first?
I tried to make this point on /r/politics and was accused of being a Nazi sympathizer. Things have gotten weird.
What way is that? A temporary ban on immigration from a handful of countries? That way? That's how he's literally Hitler?
Jesus Christ that is some dangerous thinking there.
Here's video of the guys just standing there getting screamed at from all sides. They decide to leave and are promptly attacked from behind. And you were right, a megaphone was involved, you were just a little wrong on which side had it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoBo3a2Qb8A dat peacefulness
It was fine for a while yesterday while everyone was using it to bash Trump. Then the reports about the Allahu Akbar stuff started coming out and all the threads disappeared. Not quite sure why that happened...
Trump supporters are Nazis. That always plays well here for some reason.
And yet you admit to being in this very same crowd that assaulted this man and then stood over him cheering him being knocked out. Shameful.
Even if that's true, it doesn't make the assault any different. Nice try though.
Are we pretending that bombing the shit out of the middle east is unique to Trump now? Have we lost all sense of history just to score some political points here?
What's your alternative?
&gt; Tell me, isn't better or worse to accept collateral damage via drones or via troops on the ground? Exactly. The only alternative is to just do nothing, which has it's own set of problems. People seem to think there's some perfect solution here where we can fight ISIS and somehow not sustain any casualties ourselves or have any civilian casualties. There simply isn't a good answer. They all suck. The world is a messy place.
Yes, I forgot. Under Obama and Bush they people ended up less dead.
Sorry for not wanting to trivialize the Holocaust. I'll leave it alone and let you guys use it to score political points.
I didn't bring it up at all. I was responding to someone who did so in a very dismissive way. I think I'm the only one here acknowledging it with the gravity it deserves.
The old Italian tune-up.
No kidding. I'm in a relatively inexpensive part of town and my neighbors are a good 20-25 feet away.
Mowed our three acres growing up with shitty little Snappers and Ariens with 30" decks. Took forever. I'm hopefully buying an acreage soon and a huge mower is going to be the first thing I buy.
Ugh, kill me. I don't want to be that close to anyone. Especially if I've spending that kind of money.
Should we even have borders at all? Should we have a policy of anyone who wants in get to come in?
Maybe you should read the articles before offering a retort.
You'll never understand, Chad!
what's with the apron?
To be fair there's not a lot of room in a Focus.
[Tight pants make the outfit, duh.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/1d/fc/a4/1dfca49141b63108994bef82be9e93e8.jpg)
Ugly ass boot things.
It's just when you die from watching Saw.
Well, I guess nothing to see here then.
Much like you assume when you drop a bowling ball it will fall to earth. I wouldn't call that "jumping to a conclusion", would you?
&gt;In other words, "the brain works in mysterious ways". For starters, the brain exists and it's easy to prove it does.
Yeah, that one always strikes me as a weird argument too.
Also, why aren't Christians from the middle east running around blowing everything up?
Oh good god, the fucking crusades argument again.
There was no chance the Twins could let the hometown hero, who just won the MVP, walk. Not to mention they were also moving to Target Field. They had to sign him. And everyone knows those types of long baseball contracts are as much for past performance as they are future. They all age badly.
I wish more people understood this. I didn't see anyone bitching about his salary when he was an MVP caliber player in 2006 making 600k.
Go back to racing shorter tracks.
just that i have visions of that sprint car getting a mouthful of PT Cruiser, which would not be good
It's already not a problem.
I'm only referring to the color vision part. That's already not a problem. Once the cataract is out it's just a clear lens implant.
I'd put every episode after season 1 on this list.
Agreed. Loved it.
And never has been. Unless being just being loud makes you funny.
I feel like most of these are just repeating the same thing with different words.
But that doesn't explain the difference in smoking patterns between the rich and the poor. In fact, it's more of an argument for the opposite.
Dry Hot Iraqi Summer
The gerbil was a regular on /r/childfree
I mean, how many regular Joe Schmoe Hillary or Bernie voters would be trusted with government positions? I guess I'm not seeing the outrage here. I think most people recognize that they're not suited for such work.
Yeah, I killed all kinds of birds with my bb gun as a kid. My dog ate em right up usually. I turned out fine.
I feel like this one crosses some kind of line.
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU?!
&gt; My desire towards women is also natural, and it's just as prohibited for me to have sex with women (since I'm not married) as it is for a gay man. Yeah just the same. Except the part where you can get married and bang the rest of your life while the gay guy is never allowed to. Totally the same thing.
Well, you know, it's gotta be something, ANYTHING, other than their politico-religious ideology.
You mean Clint Eastwood.
SWEGIN!
He was third in scoring in second to last season. Dude was pretty legit even declining.
To be fair the last five or six years with Penske Rusty was in his mid to upper 40s. There's not that many guys winning many races at that point.
And it's hilarious how everyone falls for it every fucking time.
The burning and smashing and assaulting mostly.
