I usually play multiplayer games on PC. I've purchased a ton of single player games like all of the Batmans, Bioshocks, Half Life, etc and they never get any play. Usually if I sign into Steam, I'm looking to play with friends. But games like Borderlands 2, Left 4 Dead 2, TF2, KF2 are what I mostly play. I definitely want the experience of multiplayer games on console, but I think just chilling and playing a single player game is why I want a console. But that is a great point about PC and Xbox. If Quantum Break appeared on PC, I would probably be sold on PS4.
My friends play on Steam. I hated the PS3 controller, so I guess I'm glad to hear it's become much better.
Haha. Good to know. I was considering posting there too. But the people here have been super helpful.
Yeah, I have a few Steam pals that have Xbones. But all of my IRL friends have PS4s. I think this might be tipping the scale.
I was conflicted because I've always been a Nintendo dude and only knew a handful of console titles for the other systems. Action-adventures are my fav type of games, so looks like I'll be joining the PS4 fam.
I use Steam heavily for multiplayer games, most of my friends are already there. One of the reasons I started looking at consoles was for the immersive single player stories, exploring, and adventure type games. And to get away from my desk setup and onto my couch. If Xbox tends to skew FPS game-wise, then you've summed it up perfectly for me. Thank you! I'll just have to pray Recore and Quantum Break come to PC, those games look so tight.
What games did you buy on Xbox one?
Thanks for this!
Thanks. I'll check it out.
Awesome. Thanks for the suggestions.
http://www.ebay.com/itm/like/161942072524?ul_noapp=true&amp;ul_ref=http%253A%252F%252Frover.ebay.com%252Frover%252F1%252F711-117182-37290-0%252F2%253Fmtid%253D1588%2526kwid%253D1%2526crlp%253D53601919689_324272%2526itemid%253D161942072524%2526targetid%253D154774689129%2526rpc%253D0.14%2526rpc_upld_id%253D62434%2526device%253Dt%2526mpre%253Dhttp%25253A%25252F%25252Fwww.ebay.com%25252Fulk%25252Fitm%25252Flike%25252F161942072524%25253Flpid%25253D82%252526chn%25253Dps%2526adtype%253Dpla%2526googleloc%253D9030930%2526poi%253D9030988%2526campaignid%253D239125209%2526adgroupid%253D14978428809%2526rlsatarget%253Dpla-154774689129%2526gclid%253DCj0KEQiArJe1BRDe_uz1uu-QjvYBEiQACUj6ogB9aNR0kcscpg6KQLswLTwTx4lDZHIUCgOR1l9de2gaAlBk8P8HAQ%2526srcrot%253D711-117182-37290-0%2526rvr_id%253D972384605152&amp;chn=ps&amp;lpid=82 28 on eBay. Plenty sold. 98% feedback.
Just gotta pile on that you guys are pretty awesome.
A little over the top, mate. Might be why you're looking for friends.
RemindMe! 5 days
Tell that to r/politics which is really just r/berniesanders and anything that dissents from that is down voted.
Some people work here and have to drive through it. Especially if you're coming from the valley for work.
Thanks for the info on this.
Geez dude, you went 0 to 100 real quick. I was kind of curious what your list was too.
Hilary conceded June 7th. But I doubt Bernie would do the same.
Pretty much.
Get your bed out of the corner and presumably against a wall.
Don't use toothpaste man.
Many types of toothpaste (especially those with whitening agents) are abrasive and will dull your aligners as well as create small traps for bacteria to dwell. Just use a toothbrush and water to clean or soak them in a retainer cleaner solution.
As opposed to scrolling the main page of this sub?
Use fairy lights.
Nobody has declared Clinton the winner yet.
Jill Stein fanboy here and the vitriol goes both ways. But here on reddit, Bernie supporters have the upper hand since everything is biased and catered to him other than a couple of specific candidate subs.
Warm water. 15 - 20 minutes is all you really need. Don't overthink it dude.
Thanks for this image. I'm trolling all of my Facebook friends and posting it on their profiles.
Man, you have some good points and I agree it sucks to be falsely banned and have to sit around waiting for a response/action. But your analogy is still a false equivalency.
I would not consider him one of us.
Oh God, I never realized how much I wanted this.
If it's true Omar Mateen frequented the gay bar, it's another self hating, closeted gay hating other gays because the world told him it's wrong. That is not one of my people, he did not murder his own. There is a clear distinction of identity here.
I can't believe you received gold for not reading the article.
Waze: Make a left onto Hauser from 6th street and then get pulled over by the cop sitting there because lefts are illegal from 4 - 7pm. Me: Fuck Waze.
Oh shit, there are other gay men of color on this sub. I know how you feel bro.
Yeah. I wanted to respond, but then rationalized it would probably fall on deaf ears.
For real. Have dudes here seen boobs?
Why does the conversation always go from gun control to BAN EVERYTHING. Guns can exist with gun reform.
The vote yesterday was for an update to the background check system adding a mental health check, for background checks at gun shows and online purchases, for delaying sales to individuals on watch lists, and for banning all firearm sales to those on the terror watch list. This is the gun reform our government is proposing.
Ugh.
You aren't interested in discussion, just downvoting and telling people to shut up. It's not worth my time to continue this.
Nah. I voted for Jill in the primaries. But I will not allow Trump to take office because I vote Jill again in the general. There's so many people who will be shat on with Trump's supreme court justice nominations.
Catalyst at the expense of people who would be very fucked over by Trump. He may not be able to pass shit through Congress, but there's still a lot of real damage he can do. Our justices are getting old.
You sure?
The embodiment of the comment you just replied to.
Bernie is truly inspiring.
Individuals don't make up the many?
The wall color, the couch color, the chalkboard. Yikes!
I'm not suggesting everyone, I'm suggesting enough. If enough people vote for Jill Stein over Clinton, Trump could have the numbers to win. If enough people thought the way you do, Jill Stein could be elected as well. But we both know the numbers don't fall that way given our bipartisanship.
Me too. Edit: why is there cake?
Word of advice, take photos on your cell every so often, so you can go back and look. It's hard to tell when you see your teeth every day.
I want to echo the attachments sentiment. Don't be afraid of them. Rarely anyone knows I have Invisalign until I sit down to lunch with friends and take them out. I have 8 attachments on all of my top front teeth. Not super noticeable at all.
Crest whitening strips or get it done in a session at your dentist office.
yep.
Good guy OP.
Great insight.
Ideally TV's should be placed at eye level. Ones that are too high put strain on your neck, much like sitting in the front row of a movie theater. Fireplaces come in all shapes and sizes, but I'd wager a bet that most TV's placed above them are too high. While room focal points do dictate television placement, it shouldn't be the only factor.
Yeah this is simply not true. It was a very polarizing finale that still sparks discussion.
He's an asshole, but if you're implying he should be rasped or made someone's bitch, that's pretty shitty too.
Glad you clarified.
Oh shit, no one on this sub has had a typo before.
I just played that section last night where you're driving in the Jeep through beautiful scenery and an amazing score.
When they are funny, absolutely.
I've been honked at immediately as a light turns green or when making a left/right turn with pedestrians in the crosswalk. For as much time as we spend in the car, people are impatient if they can't see why you're not moving when you have ROW.
Karma.
Was on sale recently for $7, worth it at that price. I enjoyed the game, cinematic and short.
Rape does indeed happen in county jails. Edit: Quick google search. http://ojp.gov/reviewpanel/pdfs_nov06/written-gennaco.pdf https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/agjae/i_was_raped_in_jail_ama/ http://5newsonline.com/2013/12/16/deputies-investigate-alleged-rape-at-washington-county-jail/
You're not using that word correctly.
Most people taking a few weeks off during the summer are going to travel and relax, not sit in their homes playing video games. I can do that after work.
The irony here.
I'd place a console table or bookshelf underneath the art. Otherwise the wall eats the art and it looks like it was hung haphazardly. The rug weirdly floats in the room with no anchor to either the couch or a coffee table. Even if you don't use a coffee table, you need one to help delineate the space. Rug is too small for the sectional couch, get an 8' x 10' rug. Oblig TV is too tall, cable management, and I'd prefer to see an actual TV stand.
I'm going to agree. I think the red stripes are perfectly fine. The blue diagonal stripes might be a bit too much and is probably the reason people here are cringing. That said, it looks fine to me and I think the sub is overreacting hard. Also props to you for taking the overly harsh criticism so well and not getting defensive about it in the slightest.
Or just a place without missing cabinet doors and handles falling off. The bedroom and living room were all we really needed to see.
Center it on the wall and get it out of the corner.
You can leave the match once defeat/victory screen pops up. Not during the match complete part.
I feel like I'm in Minority Report or a George Orwell novel.
Blues and oranges are opposites, yes, but they work nicely with each other in color palettes and are used in everything from [home decor](http://www.houzz.com/ideabooks/293144/list/opposites-attract-orange-and-blue) to [movie posters](http://www.slashfilm.com/orangeblue-contrast-in-movie-posters/).
Sansaveira and Dracaena Massangeana are two very low maintenance plants. Just don't put them in direct sunglight and you're fine.
The shelves are from [Ikea](http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/S69002469/).
The second photo is what my place used to look like, it's the same wall. Camera is the same, iPhone 6.
This sub latches onto the weirdest of things.
Get a bidet. Flushable wipes are a no no.
Thanks!
It needs to be at least 8 feet away from direct sunlight. Don't put it near a window. Try moving it in your home and then misting it daily with water. Dracaenas love warm, humid climates, but cannot tolerate direct sunlight. That's most likely why the leaves are yellowing from the tips. Water it once a week, but don't over water. The top layer should be wet to the touch, but not soaking. They don't need a lot of water.
But then is it finished?
What do gold medals mean if your team isn't winning the objective though? There may be another character that might be more useful in capturing the objective for the win.
The rug is too small. Your coffee table is too big and too close to the couch. Get a rug that your entire couch sits on and extends into the room. It will help set the boundary for your entertainment space.
Nothing bad to say about it, besides everything else to follow in my comment.
Rug is too small. Everything looks crammed in the corner. You could get away with keeping the couch i you added some accent pillows and throws. Everything is big and blocky, and rectangular. Try a round coffee table in the space and get rid of the 7 dollar Ikea Lack table.
Clicked on load more comments just to make sure someone said this. I've altogether stopped boosting dvas for the reason.
There is definitely such a thing as trash damage. Gold damage without gold eliminations just means you're feeding the enemies heal ults and giving them the upper hand when the team fight breaks out.
So we agree then, trash damage is damage that isn't capitalized on.
I lose to Widow more when she has help from a teammate and not because of a headshot during a jump (which is rare if at all in QP). An unexpected jump and good shield placement and she's done for.
I only come into these posts to see Bloodborne and Witcher 3. Then I go into the "overrated game" posts and CTRL F for the exact same games.
You're a GOD.
Cinder blocks.
Put a rug down. Rugs tie spaces together. They help define areas. They're comfortable to lounge on. They breakup the monotony of floor patterns make the areas you don't cover look even better. With those couches, you'll want to go with something simple and clean.
Coffee table is too small for the space. I have the same one with lighter legs. I'd look into getting something rectangular and not made of glass. Glass adds the illusion of space which you have a lot of in this room. Coffee table should be spaced 12 to 18 inches from the couch and chair.
I love that tick tick sound when you snipe someone. So satisfying.
And what do you want help with?
Yep. Hard to see from just this one photo.
Start a free book library outside of your apartment. Take a book, return a book, etc.
Don't mount the TV above the fireplace, for starters.
Plat Anas heal Pharahs? News to me.
Ana shouldn't be taking out Pharah by herself, by the time you've got your second shot off, that Pharah is likely focusing you and then it's over. There's no competition when you're out of scope and a Pharah is focusing you down.
After that first tick tick tick tick, any decent Pharah is focusing the Ana. The first two people I go after in any team fight is Soldier and then Ana. 2 shots versus 3. Ana's job is not solo killing Pharahs, she can definitely help a Soldier to finish her off though.
The idea of Sombra harassing a Pharah is laughable. If Pharah is anywhere close enough to a Sombra to be hacked, they're a terrible Pharah.
If an Ana gets a shot off on me, I'm focusing her first for the rest of the game.
Pharmercy is more common than Ana's who look up and remember there's a Pharah on the team.
Phrasing. That's not how that comment read.
Not sure what a Rein shield does against a Pharah above you. Or a Pharah who used concussive blast to separate the team or to quickly get behind the shield so she can focus hitscan. Pharah's mobility nullifies rein's shield.
Add me: memophilia#1734 and we can test out my bad strats.
I play in 4K elo just fine. The great thing about Pharah is she can be right above you and then somewhere else in less than a second. If you aren't using her mobility, you aren't playing her correctly. [Watch how close Valkia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tc7nTHCWgxU) gets to his targets and how he uses positioning to disrupt the enemies formation. If you're trying to sleep dart a moving Pharah targeting you, you're doing everything wrong. And I say this as an Ana main.
Not sure what's up with your tone here. But add me (battle tag: memophilia) and we can do a custom game if you have five friends. http://masteroverwatch.com/profile/pc/us/memophilia-1734/season/3 And I linked you a highlight vid because I doubt you'd want to spend more than five minutes watching Valkia play. Here's his youtube channel, you can click on any video to backup what I said. https://www.youtube.com/user/valkia/videos
Okay man, there's no need for dodge excuses.
I agree. Ana + another character.
If you don't use the dining room table. Downsize. Get rid of it. Buy a couple of bar stools and put them at the edge of your kitchen counter. Then move your desk into the dining area. Getting my desk out of my bedroom was one of the best decisions I made.
Chaise looks like it will be too big for the space. But if you're set on it, get the version with the chaise against the wall.
So are you.
I scroll past posts I have no interest in.
One more time.
Going to second this.
The rug placement in this photo though.
It took me quite while to understand there was a mirror on the left side of the bed.
I think most people confuse minimalism and empty, especially in this sub.
Very nice bathrooms, but I think I prefer seeing spaces from your average joe.
Photos.
I'd advise spending 1K on a mid to high quality chairs. The eBay ones are typically PU leather or extremely cheap in craftsmanship. They don't have any longevity. Check out [Manhattan Home Design](http://www.manhattanhomedesign.com/eames-lounge-chair-and-ottoman.html) and [Modern Source](https://www.modern-source.com/products/eames-lounge-chair-ottoman?lssrc=popular&amp;lshst=collection).
The style isn't my cup of tea at all. But everything here works really well, it's got a cozy cabin vibe going on that looks extremely comfy and inviting. The couch, coffee table, and rug really fit your living room and I like how it all came together. Great job. Things I'd change: Upgrade your living room lamps, they have too much of a college-y, I got these off craigslist for $10 feel to them in an otherwise solid living space. Center the shelf the lamp is on behind the couch underneath the photo frame. Put your guitar in the middle of the two shelves. I would declutter the mantle a bit. Some of the times are butting up right to the bottom of the frame and if you had less items on the shelf and ones that weren't as high, it would look a lot cleaner. Your kitchen table is too big for the space. I'd get look at getting one very similar to that only lower to the ground where it will take up less visible space in the room. Bigger rug for bedroom. Not a huge fan of the flag above the bed, but that's just more of a personal preference.
Actually yeah. I like this idea.
Or a bunch of dudes secure in their sexuality who aren't frightened by the thought of seeing a penis.
Remember that hundreds of thousands of people have probably sat on the couch breaking it in over many years.
What are you trying to do, make it less fratty? If that's the case... Frame your posters. Remove anything beer related on the walls. Don't take photos with drunk girls passed out in them. Buy some plants. Purchase pillows for the futon. Purchase new sheets and comforters, white or gray for a clean look. Consider removing a couple of the flags (or all of them really). Take out the trash. Store your lighters and random crap away. Purchase small bins for the food stock and the gains gains gains on your wall shelf. Remove the stickers from the fridge. Remove the Velcro from the ceiling. Get that surfboard a wall mount and turn it into decor when not in use. Replace the $11 Target bins with a $50 storage bin/shelf from Ikea. And like store your drug paraphernalia awaaaaay. I dig the rug.
Put the TV on the back empty wall and then float the couch in the middle of the room facing it.
This made me laugh out loud.
Your curtains would look better if you positioned the rod 3 to 5 inches from the top of the ceiling.
Run an Ana, negates a lot of these things.
Press Tab. Or alternatively, when you see a Rein charging in, you know he's initiating attack, give it to him then.
Why? There are already so many Pharah counters in the game. Soldier. Roadhog. Widow. Bastion in Sentry. Soldier/Mercy. Zen/Soldier. Zen/Ana. Ana/Soldier.
This is borderline positive news for me. Claiming ally status for not overturning the progress of your predecessor is a rather low bar.
"Claiming ally status for not overturning the progress of your predecessor is a rather low bar."
I hear you. I'm on your side. But there is no such thing as a white voice or a black voice. And there's no 100% way to tell someone's race online unless they tell you or you see them. I'm contesting your blanket statement and not the racism you're facing. I typically get the reverse from you: "you don't sound black, you sound white." And that's 100% based on my background and where I grew up. Dialects, ebonics, slang, cultural accoutrements all effect how someone sounds. There's no real evidence of a characteristic physiological voice produced by people of different races. What differences there are, physiologically, are more than overwhelmed by age, health, and the deliberate use of the social voice. Tldr: There are tons of people who "sound white" but aren't white. So basing race off voice alone is not proof of who is perpetuating racism.
Glass table with dark walnut legs. Something that will lesson the cramped feel currently around the couch by allowing you to see through it. Everything in this photo is a rectangle, a nice round coffee table would create a welcome flow around the couch.
Bitch when someone calls you out for bitching.
Not really, it will get dirty the same amount any other surface gets dirty depending on use. The difference being glass shows more dirt and smudges due to being translucent and light reflecting off it. But in this case, that's what OP needs. Everything in this room is a dark, rectangular shade of brown, a lighter colored wood table would clash. A glass one preserves the look he's going, would help reflect light, would allow you to see the pattern in the rug below it (right now it's mostly covered by the couch/coffee table), and would remove the boxy cramped feeling the couch now has by creating a circular flow around it. The only downside is that yeah you have to keep up with it a little more. But for someone with a space/clean as nice as this is, it shouldn't be too hard. Please try and understand why a round glass table would be suggested instead of trying to combat the idea with "you have to clean it more".
I love when people do this lol. People commonly refer to barriers as shield, but everyone understood the original comment from context.
Anas PTR nerfs were ridiculous at first and gave her no sustainability. You died so quickly when grenade self heal was nerfed. I was always out of the fight looking for health packs. Most people wanted a grenade damage nerf.
If Pharah is getting hooked by Roadhog, she deserves it for poor positioning.
Just be a decent human being, honestly. Who cares whether people have their safe spaces or not. If it offends someone else and they tell you, like... just be a decent person and listen/stop doing it. It's not a totally out there concept. That goes for the OP as well who is doing the most in his replies here.
He's getting downvoted for terrible reasoning.
Don't play weekends. Don't play late nights.
Not too bad.
Well they were right.
Same. The amount of times I have to ask my team to clear Winston bubbles is ridiculous.
Damaging barriers does not increase the enemy's ult charge.
You placed higher than you ended though. That's pretty good.
I've seen both, but it's certainly more common with snipers who typically don't play the objective.
Looks good OP. Just touch up that ceiling paint and you're good.
The karma grab I've been missing out on.
Your tree upstairs is begging to be put in front of the window. It wants more light.
&gt; Only really good mercys can heal pharah very well, Pharah is the easiest character to heal as Mercy.
Because that's an extremely heavy nerd that would make Pharah unviable. The problem isn't Pharah, it's the combo of her and Mercy in the air together.
Pharah was buffed 8 months ago. She is only prevalent now because of the Ana/D.Va nerfs that ended the tank meta. And the Mercy regen buffs have been a help too.
Are we still talking about Ghostbusters? Holy hell, let it go...
&gt; That's silly, I can think of a very reasonable explanation: Women directors aren't interested in directing "major Hollywood films" Women don't really get a chance to direct movies, period. It has very little to do with them "not wanting" to direct blockbusters. I think this really speaks to your view on women more than anything. &gt; Should producers just pull them off the street and plunk them in the chair and stick a megaphone in their hand? Yes. That's **exactly** what they do for male directors. You were already sighted multiple examples of this. &gt; Do you have any evidence that shows women are being actively discriminated against? [Here's a stat study](http://annenberg.usc.edu/pages/~/media/MDSCI/MDSC%20LUNAFEST%20Report%2010515.ashx). Happy reading
We are all the human race argument.
Yes, we are all human, but we are not all equal. This argument is the first step in erasing the specific struggles some groups face.
Longer. I've had it enabled since I started the game in season two.
As someone who six stacks in QP, we do it to practice our strats. We play Pharmercy, Sombra/Dva, Winston/Genji, or anti dive Torb/Sym, triple tank. It's good practice and playing solo queue quick play is just not fun when you have no coordination and half the team is made up of snipers.
QP becomes fun if you have a four stack or higher, it ensures some semblance of your team working together.
No big deal coming back from spawn every 30 seconds.
Killfeed is *always* in your vision. If a sniper is not getting picks, they are not contributing to the team fight. The hanzo doesn't have to be in your line of sight to know that. Mercy gets quite a bit of hate by the community, especially when there's a Pharah involved. At any point in time there's a negative thread about Mercy or one asking for a nerf in this sub or the OU and COW subs.
Laughed out loud.
Flooring looks like laminate. Maybe a honey oak imitation.
I don't actually care either way. OP can title it whatever he wants, you're reading into it way too much.
And you're playing a Blizzard game and visiting a sub for it why?
Honestly, people come to the internet to complain. When things are going well the majority stays quiet.
I was hoping the Orisa shot it from across the map. Not so much luck and more the Mei was cautious of the Orisa coming to your aide. So Mei backs up but fires her finishing icicle into the newly placed barrier. If Mei didn't back up, she would have killed you.
Every time a character gets heavily nerfed, the people who invested time to learn that play style complain. D.Va, Genji, McCree, Ana, Roadhog, etc. It's the same thing outside of gaming. When Apple removes something from the iPhone, the masses complain because people just don't like adapting to change. We are creatures of habit. They'll get over it eventually (hopefully).
I don't know dude, if you stick your hand into someone swinging a knife back and forth rapidly, that's not going to end well for you.
"I better see this on the front page." Have we really gotten this meta with highlight plays now?
That had to be that players first 3v3 game. You simply don't fly into the MIDDLE OF THE AIR in a gsme mode that has a Hanzo and Widow every single game.
That close up you don't. It was likely on cooldown or she missed before he jumped on them.
Same here. There are some cool skins out there that I don't have. But the majority of the characters that I want them for, I have them for.
What are those constructive suggestions? Honestly asking because the only thing I've seen are complaints.
I have 15K saved up right now for the cosmetics I'll end up purchasing near the end of the event. I probably spent around 8K during Uprising, but I also didn't fully exhaust the amount of coins I had during that event. I will for sure grab the Sym/Lucio skins and a couple of dance emotes and call it a day. I want to make sure I'll have at least 3K bankedin case there's something amazing in the next event I won't get in lootboxes. I usually play once or twice a week, so I will admit that I played much, much more during this event than I usually do to bankroll coin and lootboxes. I would like the majority of the dance emotes, but that's simply not possible and I'm okay with that. I'm fairly happy with what I have so far.
So basically what you've said is Blizzard produced too much content people want this time around. I want the majority of the dance emotes, I'll buy the ones for my main heroes that I don't get and move on.
That already happens. I've jumped off the map to regroup with the team right before a Pharah booped and it gave her the kill.
Mei: "I hate everything. What the fuck was that" Reality: That was Reaper killing you, saving his Mercy, and you dying by not using any of your cooldowns. Not super difficult to comprehend.
Is the leaf squishy? This looks like overwatering. How often do you water it?
Semantics nitpick there, the context of what I've said should be easy to parse. But I'll clarify. I want all of the cosmetics that Blizzard makes available because who doesn't. I don't play Widow, so I didn't buy it even though it's a rad skin. I like the Genji skin from this event too and would love to have it, but I don't play him either so not going to spend the coin on it. At the end of this event, I will have everything I absolutely want.
At least they were original with the title, instead of the "Please don't be POTG" highlights posted every hour.
There were several posts about this already.
Dark bedding, dark wall. Replace the bedding with white sheets to contrast with the wall and to brighten the room. Erase all the stuff of the chalkboard wall and leave it blank, it will look cleaner and less high school.
Where? Off brand 60" TV's are that price, but I've never seen a 70" 4K TV for $500. Links please.
IF the other team has a Symmetra, you should be more careful of your positioning.
She's not broken.
Just play Pharah, Roadhog, Zarya, Winston, Mei, Junkrat, Widow, or McCree. She has a thousand heroes that she's weak against in the game. If you are getting melted by a Symmetra, either you or she is out of position.
Splash damage is different than damage dropoff.
Frustrating is definitely the word to use here. Those discussing nerfs and calling her OP are frustrated with getting outplayed by a hero that doesn't have to aim. I've seen master McCrees bait barrier and roll through it to stun Symmetra and get real nice and close for the dink. McCree and Pharah are the two best DPS to deal with Symmetra. And Soldier from range is a pretty good bet too.
Come on, we all know one of the best aspects of Overwatch and its appeal to the masses are the characters you don't have to aim with. That's what makes entry into the game so low and appealing to a lot of new players. Let's not pretend Overwatch is CSGO or Call of Duty.
One of my pet peeves is when I place a TP and I tell the Soldier at spawn not to use TP because we have won the fight and he can walk back and we'll be fine. And then he uses it. Or if I die as Sym, I'll ask my team if we're winning the fight, so I can know to use TP or walk. And then no one responds.
Let's go back to the roadhog that straight up hooked you through walls. Hook was *actually* broken. Symmetra's beam is not.
Your positioning was poor from the start. If you don't have an ability that will break her beam, you shouldn't be within her range. You or Symmetra are out of position if Symmetra is locked onto you. And if you're out of position, instead of running away from her, you should engage and fight. You stand a better chance than running away with her chasing you and dancing behind the moving barrier.
I can't take your hyperbole seriously.
Pretty annoying when an OP asks for help but can't be bothered to respond to a single piece of advice. Not worth my time.
I was discussing 1v1's here. Not teammates coming to help. Teammates can also come and help someone being microwaved by Sym. Mei's freeze beam is not hard to use and she **always** has the advantage in a 1v1 against a 200 health hero. "You can't run away, and you are unlikely to find her and deal damage in time." Point and freeze. And then you have a generous amount of time to line up a headshot. Typically you want to wall off someone from the rest of their team, freeze, and then headshot melee. Or use wall to elevate yourself to freeze the soldier, hanzo, widow, etc alone on high ground. Mei and Symmetra punish heroes who are alone and/or out of position. They are extremely similar. And Mei was frustrating for months and months at the beginning of Overwatch's lifespan. There's even a full community dedicated to gifs of Mei dying. Eventually people will get better at Symmetra counters and move on.
I think you've misunderstood what was being discussed in the thread. The comparison is between Mei and Sym, not Mei versus Sym. People have not adapted, read the thread. People still run backwards from her when you should engage and fight. People still play out of position and get locked on. People don't switch to her strongest counters, Pharah and Winston. It took a while for Mei hate to die down, it will take a while for the Sym as well.
&gt; Mercy's beam is supposed to do that. As is Symmetra's beam. The delusion in this post is outstanding.
If you are running down squishies and not being contested, you are simply outplaying the enemy team. As soon as an attack Sym starts targeting my teammates, I go Winston or Pharah and focus her down the entire game. If a team doesn't deal with Symmetra, they absolutely deserve to lose.
Widow counters Symmetra.
McCree ultimate.
Giving her charge...
Tick rate was updated to the standard months ago. At least stay up to date on your complaints.
You should try reading the post.
Then you might be better off playing another game that fits your personal limited scope of first person shooter.
It stays locked on for .5 seconds after losing LOS. That is how it was designed to balance her. It's been like that since beta (the only thing changed was range and disconnect distance). If it broke instantly, enemies could dance around objects on the maps to continuously break the beam rendering Symmetra useless in close range combat.
What does Winston's hitbox have to do with countering Symmetra. Winston does not take significant skill to counter Symmetra.
&gt; Never negotiate with terrorists. From sane to such an extreme bout of hyperbole.
I play Ana/Soldier. But if you had read the actual threads here, you'd be informed enough to not make such an incorrect statement.
I only play Winston in QP mainly because there's a Hanzo and Widow on every team. I get matched with Masters players and many of them are so try hard it makes every gsme not fun. So I co platelet understand the Winston jumping on the Hanzo headshot ting the entire team.
Reaper WILL affect this. Roadhog is still viable as a Winston counter.
Yeah. It would be nice if the mets changed every season.
Mei, Roadhog, Zarya.
I don't think anyone's upset with a reaper buff. He needed one, he's been invisible since before the tank meta.
These comments are hilariously ironic juxtaposed with the comments talking about silver elo
Nope a sleep dart to the face. The perfect predict and travel time on the dart makes it juicy.
I love going in is and using translocator as bait.
Art above the couch is too small and too low. It should be at eye level when standing. Shoes above the bed doesn't really have a nice aesthetic. Shoes are dirty, the bed is where you sleep, not a great combination. Purchase a shoe rack place it near your entryway or in a closet. Repurpose the shelf for books, home decor, trinkets, plants, etc.
This room my face south or west for all we know, which would provide the most light and that plant would be very happy.
btw
That would make Sombra a must pick if she countered this many heroes.
Channeled ults versus transformative ults. What she hacks is consistent.
If you think this game is based in realism, you're playing the wrong game.
This is one of the dumbest comments I've read in this sub. Hands down.
Balance, homegirl. Balance.
What makes you happy? (If anything)
&gt; sombra is borderline useless I was listening up until here. Though it's not surprising news that this community largely doesn't know how to play the hero. Two things: Sombra requires communication and Sombra wins team fights.
Spare a copy.
You should protest by not playing the game.
Rug should be centered with the sofa. A cream rug slight pattern would look good here. Add a small end table next to the chair.
Lol what
There's an Eames chair in your couch.
The sofa is positioned off center from the rug. Look at the side of the rug where the chair is, there's much more room on that side than the other. The sofa should be centered on the sofa. Furthermore, OP is breaking the leg design principles in the current photo. The chair should only have the front two legs touching the rug because only the front portion of the sofa touches it. Having the majority of the chair on the rug and the majority of the sofa not on it creates an awkward balance. It's one or the other.
No people like *you* in every single QP game are why the nice things haven't been had.
3? The horror!
Skins have no bearing on gameplay.
Keep that in r/battlestations please.
Context. Widow flair. Your response to someone who plays a sniper counter in QP.
Don't buy them. If enough of you are loud (which most of you definitely are) and stop buying boxes, Blizzard will notice and will have to change something. If the system isn't rewarding you, stop supporting it.
You, the CFO.
Do we not think blizzard has learned anything from 2CP maps? The reason people dislike 2CP is because of the small chokes and the point B defense holds. The new map looks like it has several routes available for entry to the points.
&gt; super close Let's not go overboard here.
That's subjective at best. What my comment stated was objective.
&gt; not just the ones which are harmful The fundamental misunderstanding in a nutshell.
Yes, because killing people makes you credible. And not, you know, a crazy psychopath.
The rug is fine. It should be placed 12 to 18 inches away from the wall, so its placement is correct. The sofa should be centered with the rug. And that might require also shifting over the opposing furniture to maintain symmetry. At the most, I would try to work out a balance of shifting the rug closer and the sofa further away from the sliding doors, but not so far as to glaringly show the misalignment with the TV. Since I'm guessing you don't want to move it. At the very minimum, follow the leg rules for furniture placed on rugs. Moving the chair back so only the front two feet are on the rug would help decrease some of the lopsidedness in your living room.
Gonna have to agree. It feels somewhat incomplete.
I'm not even writing anything off. I said they're mutually exclusive. Anything that this sub thinks will detract from the narrative of "Islam bad" gets treated as black and white here. There's no allowance for nuance and the many shades of gray in between.
Between equally skilled players, Winston objectively has the upper hand in the fight. He renders her turrets useless in seconds. If you are close enough and have enough time to charge your beam on his barrier, then you've already outplayed the Winston.
I would put the sofa and coffee table in the middle of the room and then add a desk or a bookshelf on that back wall. The current distance between sofa and TV stand is a little ridiculous.
&gt; If the system isn't rewarding you, stop supporting it.
Why the hell would you be fighting in that room with a Junkrat on the opposing team.
Yeah. Meant to respond to the person you responded to. Misclicked.
In which you're showing off your Ana play, yes. Swap SR for MMR in my above comment if that is at all confusing. Just a couple of simple things you could do to play Ana better. Get behind slept enemies before you combo. Watch your LOS to widow, etc.
It's amazing that people get so unnecessarily salty in this sub when someone gives advice.
It's a public forum. The majority of things aren't asked for in this sub, yet discussion still tends to happen.
Yes. You can easily check. If the older leaf is already split where a new leaf comes out then no. But if an older leaf has no split in its gem, then a new one will eventually sprout from there.
I understand why. Instead of responding/critiquing what I said, people refute by using ad hominem and informal fallacies on the basis of the "tone argument".
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tone_policing
Huh? Highlights are a way to quickly see your best performance in your recent matches even if you didn't get POTG. POTG are for the entire team to see the best performance within the game that just ended. If you're saying you only equip highlight intros for other people to see, that seems a little silly. Play the game for you and have fun.
I've seen my fair share of junkrats kill Pharah. That being said, you have of team of six people, it's not necessarily fair to specifically call one person out for not switching. You should ask the team altogether if there's anyone confident enough to help counter Pharah because you can't do it alone.
Ilios. Match point. My team retook point at 99%, killed 5, then 3 jumped into the well. Mei came back just as the overtime timer was about to expire. She one shots me across the map And we lose the game because I was the only person on the point. I have never reached that level of tilt before in a video game.
You misread what I stated. Pharmercy was not played during tank meta in season 3. The team composition was 3 tanks, Soldier, Ana, and Lucio. Occasionally Soldier would be swapped for a fourth tank. Pharah and Mercy had terrible pick rates during Season 3 and only came to prominence in Season 4 when dive comp started to rise. Tank meta ended with Ana and D.Va nerfs. Furthermore, both Pharah and Mercy were buffed because their pick rate was so low. But that did not change their viability until the beginning of season 4 after the Ana/D.Va Nerfs ended tank meta. I have no reason to argue against the other claims you've made.
And that's not what I've implied. The rest of what I said is there for context.
There's no reasoning to be done with someone who can't reasonably compare and contrast the pros/cons between living in LA and nowhere, Iowa.
And that's about the only wholesome aspect of it.
Why aren't you a top 500 mercy main then?
Rez is the most judged ult in the game and everyone has an opinion on it, when it's used, when it isn't, who was rezzed, how many was it. The majority of people call Mercy a no skill hero. She has one of the lowest skill floors in the game. Anyone high up in SR was carried there by a DPS player.
All of it.
But do Zen/Lucio have excellent reaction time if they're popping ult the moment they hear Genji's ult? Knowing his animation cast time, a good Lucio/Zen should be popping ult in the window between his animation finish and his first target swings. There's a lot of awareness necessary to throw out a proper defensive ult against Genji: Genji ult tracking, who is in range and can shut Genji down, do they have the skill to do it. You absolutely get punished for jumping the gun.
Sleep easy, Bastion.
How do you get proud from that statement with the context of the original comment? Twisting words to fit your narrative for days.
[Top 500 Ana/Soldier](https://www.overbuff.com/players/pc/memophilia-1734) in S4 and I also play Pharah and Widow.
A bastion of society!
There's a pretty big reason why you "never felt like playing them" and that's because you aren't good at video games or aiming. These games weren't marketed towards you so you never grew up learning the mechanics as many males do. Fast forward to now, when a first person shooter comes around that had multiple heroes where aI'm isn't the focus, many people like you start to play.
Your argument here kind of supports what the thread is saying though. Fighting through getting "tired" or "someone holding you back" does help you progress to reach your goals, aka the top of the mountain. It's not the determining factor, no. But it is a part of a whole that decides what you'll accomplish. To completely write it off as a just "feelings" or "emotions" is a rather silly stance.
I would browse the sub more and see the variety in content, instead of just looking at the top content on your feed. You're more likely to notice the things you don't like when they get big and highly up voted versus all of the smaller well thought out content that gets posted here daily.
Definition of a toxic player that doesn't think these posts apply to them.
End table with a lamp and a few books on it.
If a song makes you mad, re-evaluate your life decisions.
Randomly came across the video in my recommended section on Youtube. Thought it was pretty accurate as to why Mercy gets so much hate from the Overwatch community.
I'd say swap the art to something that matches the couch yet contrasts with the wall. The tan/cream base in the art matches too much of the white/cream walls and carpet. The walls are boring, I'd consider painting one an accent color. There's something off about the sofa next to the battlestation. It's not really gelling. Maybe move the desk to the back wall next to the windows. Move the cat tree to the other side of the AC. Then plop an end table and a lounge chair in the space next to the couch. Also needs a coffee table to eat up some of the dead space between the couch and the tv stand.
White or light gray. Don't do dark.
Pull the shelves a little bit away from the Windows and it should be fine.
What other season besides 3 was a tank fest? 4 was the beginning of dive comp and Pharmercy. And 2 was beyblade.
Zen and a McCree will fuck a tracer up though.
Those who don't know how to de-mech her.
Bastion meta was a week. That fix came out quick.
And then you have on the other hand people bitching that not every character is viable all the time.
Lmao yeah. Watching that killcam where Hanzo got five missed shots off on me and then a lucky one shot is true skill.
Save an ult for Rez.
So basically remove her ability to Rez because that's what you're flying to 9/10.
Check out csgo if you don't like one of the fundamental designs that makes Overwatch so accessible.
The sub isn't representative of the genpop of people who play.
It's gender neutral and fine. Personally I think sofas look better than futons. There's something about a futon that always said college and temporary. A sofa says this is permanent and a home.
So there is an actual chance I can live here then. Yeah this space is pretty unique for LA and you should be super proud of this find.
Quake... So basically Pharah, a kit you won't find in most fps games. I'm a mechanical scrub, my aim sucks, I can't carry games. But I can still do well in a game like Overwatch because it has a lot more to offer than your typical fps. I love that the game isn't completely based around aim and head shots like the majority of fps games out there. Overwatch's uniqueness is in its low skill accessibility, it's inclusion, it's mass appeal of heroes. I never would have played this game if it weren't for heroes like Lucio/Soldier who have extremely low skill floors while remaining genuinely fun to play. I never would have played to improve game sense, positioning, tracking, awareness to main a hero like Ana. The game you want is not the one that made Overwatch what it is today. Respect it for what it is and if you can't, there are a thousand other mechanically intensive first person shooters that reward you for not being a scrub.
Then that futon is 100% okay. Definitely work with the space you have.
It's a joke. Relax bro lmao.
Or just purchase a couch with arms.
Your space fights a number of basic design principles. But if it works for you functionally and aesthetically, then that's all that matters.
why are people downvoting you for this? so silly.
I love that this sub thinks D.Va's cooldowns are always up and she's just deleting DPS effects left and right in the game uncontested.
lmao
1. The biggest one as has already been pointed out is [anchoring all of your furniture](http://www.apartmenttherapy.com/living-room-layouts-5-reasons-to-float-all-the-furniture-215953) to the wall. I think you can get away with pushing everything together (closer to the TV) and using the rug as the anchor, while still leaving enough room behind the sofa for yoga/exercise. Floating furniture works great because it usually partitions off areas that you can use for different activities. 2. There's usually [3 different types of rug setups](https://www.wayfair.com/ideas-and-advice/area-rug-size-guide-S4828.html) in a living room. All furniture on the rug, front legs on the rug, or all furniture off the rug with a coffee table to balance the dead space in the middle. That rug is seriously awesome, but is so far from the rest of your furniture that the only practicality it serves is comfort when you do yoga. 3. Your room height looks to be much taller than the standard 9 feet you'll find in most apartments/homes, so this following point may just come down to personal taste. [Curtains are typically mounted](https://stylebyemilyhenderson.com/blog/hanging-curtains-all-wrong) closer to the ceiling to make the room appear taller and thus bigger. This room is already huge, so you don't necessarily need to employ this illusion. But I've often found that curtains that are mounted closer to the ceiling and wider than the window frame almost always looks better. From the photo, the low TV and curtains truncate this side of the room a little. If you raised the mounted rods a bit and replaced the curtains with ones that are longer (textured/patterned), it would create less of a solid blocky feel on that wall.
Yours needs more light. They grow leggy with further spaced leaves when they don't have enough light.
GotG2 wasn't great. Most of its appeal is domestic. FnF has a pretty diverse cast and international appeal. Made less domestically.
I enjoyed the movie for what it was, but it wasn't as good as the first one. Needless to say, international box office is what separates what these two have made.
This is definitely sunburn, pothos don't like direct light.
I water my sans once or twice every two months. Every two weeks feels like it might be too much. These are hardy plants that can withstand drought, what they don't love is constantly wet soil. The easiest way to kill them is overwatering. Make sure you're allowing the soil to dry out an inch an depth at least before you water.
Memes = Reddit.
If you sleep an ulting genji early on, re-position and you won't be punished.
Case in point: this post.
That's not how EMP works.
Implying that gays aren't every day people as well. It's this type of exclusion and mentality that we need to erase.
Yeah being out, flamboyant, proud, naked, whatever... 2 days out of 365 is a really big deal for some people.
I think your comment is the exact product of our society that's looked down on sex and nudity since the beginning of time.
Oh so people expressing their sexuality, being proud of who they are, and having fun is the same thing as blasting "offensive" music and throwing up gang signs. Oh.
Your poor repressed eyes.
TFW you realize TF2 is a 13 year old game that's simply NOT as much fun to play as Overwatch for millions of people, consistent or not.
Honestly who cares what people do in public at an event meant to celebrate themselves. Get over it.
You people are so fucking oblivious and sad.
Yep.
&gt; As it shouldn't the force of that explosion should destroy the car LOL WAT
Did you also not play comp when Oasis and Eich came out?
Bastion was fixed within a week on PC, so that seems about right. [Release](https://us.battle.net/forums/en/overwatch/topic/20753535162), [Fix](https://us.battle.net/forums/en/overwatch/topic/20753626069)
Well they'll have time to learn it in Arcade presumably.
There's quite the difference between constructive criticism and trivial complaints about *everything*. The latter is more common than the former.
Was said in the previous post that the implementation isn't in place for maps yet and that it may be something they look into in the future.
They said they're working on it.
I hope he drops Winston's pick rate a little.
They had exclusivity for a little bit.
D.Va mains were probably more upset during her last nerf, she received a slight buff after, and D.Va mains eventually adapted to her play style. Eventually you (if I'm reading the flair right) will too. Change is confusing, it's human nature, but we always end up adapting to it.
This was said ad infinitum when D.Va and Ana were both nerfed. They're still played. The community has a tendency to overreact to complete hero changes, it's human nature, and time is the only thing that will solve it.
Dive doesn't need to be nerfed. Nerfing a game composition just makes another one stronger and eventually dominant when everyone adapts. Remember what happened when tank meta was nerfed end of season 3? We got dive. You introduce game mechanics/heroes that counter dive effectively, so there is counterplay to it. This community complains way too much about nerfing in general though, so I'll agree with you there.
Genji's ~~D.Va's~~ skin was exclusive for much longer.
Ana main here. There's two factors. She gets shit on in dive comps which Zen/Lucio/Mercy dominate more. Secondly, she was nerfed to reduce her pick-rate from top-tier. Ana play has dropped and that's a good thing.
!RemindMe 3 months Have people adjusted to new hog. The buff came out well after the nerf. If Hog drops to unplayable tiers, you best believe Blizzard will buff an aspect of him.
&gt; I think that, had they not changed anything, dive would've come out on top eventually Agreed. Winston was buffed because the OW community complained about his shield. Hog was nerfed because the OW community complained his 8 second KO. Zen's buff doesn't really change anything. He both compliments dive and gets shit on in dive when focused. Personally, I think Blizzard follows the complaints of the community a little too closely and should be absolutely balancing based off of pro gameplay. But that's a different argument altogether.
[Hog is Tier 3](https://www.overbuff.com/blog/2017-05-02-overwatch-hero-tier-list-and-meta-report-balance-or-lucio). You can scroll down and see that he is still regularly used by pro teams. He's pretty prevalent on NA servers, a lot more than EU. Anecdotally, I see him enough in Masters/GM games.
Hog can also be buffed in the future like D.Va was. Let's see how it plays out.
You guys are overreacting so hard, it's on a level of a ridiculousness I can't critically reply to anymore. !RemindMe 3 months Do hog mains still exist?
It's not that serious, man.
Higher SR players tend to have better ideas and there's far less of them in this sub than the average rank. So I'd agree that there's very little constructive criticism in this sub. COW and OU are much better in that regards. People get accused of bad game design when their ideas are bad and more often than not, they are.
It's a different argument in that many people don't understand what level the game should be balanced at.
http://www.metabomb.net/overwatch/gameplay-guides/overwatch-tier-list-season-5-01-06-2017 https://www.overbuff.com/blog/2017-06-07-overwatch-hero-tier-list-and-meta-report-a-tale-of-two-tournaments
If you're hitting your shots, his ult builds fairly fast.
Sombra has no effect on passives.
Seems pretty clear to everyone.
Walls would look better blank, the majority of the advice you're going to get here is to take that down. And for the future, just post regular photos next time, no pano shots.
It's only frustrating because you didn't employ any tactics to get out of the fight. Didn't shoot, didn't wall ride, didn't boost, didn't turn around to gain speed.
Game is balanced top down, not for gold players.
Mercy's beam is then also "broken".
Ehh, you can definitely find a 2bed for that price. I pay $1500 for a one bedroom. Last year when I was looking to move there was a 2 bedroom on WSR priced at $1700 off Curson and Willoughby. They are definitely out there though.
Before her regen buff, you also didn't have two heroes jumping on you the moment spawn doors open. Positioning is much harder this meta when you have a Winston with bubble in your backlines making space for the rest of the team to push.
You're confusing subjective and objective here.
I went from Gold to Diamond during Season 3 with Ana. It's not unusual.
Winston is AOE, Symmetra is lock-on. Two different types of beam weapons.
And then get jumped on by the Winston/Genji/Tracer.
She's not OP at low level. Pharah and Winston don't even require that much skill to kill a Sym.
We're talking 1v1's here, not 2v1 in which of course two players will always have the advantage over one. Winston is a hard counter for Symmetra, the second best in the game.
Your comments are so on point in this post.
What rank are you in, if you don't mind me asking?
Seriously, if you're a support. Learn to look behind. Often.
If Sym is running through clustered enemy players, ya'll have bigger problems on your hand than Symmetra. And she probably deserves to microwave the entire cluster. Positioning, awareness, team coordination, call-outs, it just takes two people to turn around and focus/burst her down.
Everything is not viable right now. The meta is Lucio, Tracer, Genji, Winston, D.Va with Mercy, Pharah, and Zen popping in and out of team comps. The rest of the heroes are either trash tier picks or slightly viable.
I honestly cant understand why so many people have trouble countering Sym.
Well done, OP. This is starting to look really good.
Come on OP, you can't just tease us with an angled view of that gallery wall!
I hit top 500 in season 4.
You're aware, so communicate it to your team or take on the responsibility yourself so that you can improve.
The headboard is going to fight whatever modern look you attempt. Look for sheets that are simple, solid colors, minimal patterns, go neutral in color, and the. Top it with colorful throw pillow and and blanket.
Symmetra is not a tank buster, so no worries there!
Winston is far from weak right now. He's one of the best hero picks in competitive. You sound 100% angry that you can't outplay a Symmetra.
4v1 is heavily stacked to one side. If Symmetra wins this,the team was outplayed for not working together.
DPS mains can't stand DM.
[Add me](https://masteroverwatch.com/profile/pc/us/memophilia-1734). We can custom game if you'd like to learn how easy it is to kill a Sym.
I've never said anything about the meta. You sure you have your replies straight?
Um. Are you high? What does this prove? The only person mentioning the meta is you. But to clarify whatever delusions you've dreamed up, Soldier has been consistently meta since season 3 and his damage buffs.
You seem too focused on using Zarya to counter Hog. I'm also not sure why you're focusing down a Winston as Zarya, bubble your Mercy and let her fly to DPS. Zarya synergies with Winston. Bubble him when he jumps in so he can save his shield. She still has one of the best team wipe ults in the game. Combo ults with the Genji/Tracer on your team. Zarya is an awesome counter to D.Va who is also in every game. Plenty of uses for her outside of shielding hooked teammates.
When more heroes were viable during the tank meta, there's definitely something wrong. And the only thing that's going to change the meta is a serious balance rework or the introduction of heroes that counter dive.
Wayfair is pretty cheap quality, you can find decent stuff on there from time to time. But it's priced that low for a reason. CB2 and West Elm are definitely a step up. West Elm's wood furniture holds up pretty well and hits all of the MCM marks if that's what you're looking for. Cb2 has a more modern look/feel to their furniture overall. I've bought furniture from all three places. Coffee table from way fair, storage unit from west elm, bed from cb2. Purchase your big statement pieces from west elm and cb2 and purchase the smaller items, that don't need to hold up forever from wayfair.
12 heroes are in Tier 5 versus 5 to 6 in tank meta.
This is exactly why we have the meta we have. People complaining for nerfs or buffs on heroes that don't need it. No discussion on how this would affect the meta in the long run. Just pure emotional and reactionary statements coming from people who don't know how to counter what is killing them.
r/overwatch exists and is extremely vocal about anything they don't like. [Google "roadhog bad blizzard forums"](https://www.google.com/search?q=roadhog+blizzard+forums&amp;oq=roadhog+blizzard+forums&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.3855j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=roadhog+bad+blizzard+forums+site:us.battle.net) and there's currently a bunch of posts saying he's shit now. Blizzard forums are no different than reddit, even though people here like to they think they're better.
D.Va negates Reaper's ult, Reaper is favored in a 1v1.
This is good. Hopefully this ends the whine.
She's been shit in every single meta since season 3. She frequently can't do the job she was designed to do, control areas. In the current meta, her wall is rendered useless by high mobility characters. Mei is a niche pick that can't even perform within her niche. The defense characters should counter dive, but none of them currently stand a chance against it except for Torb.
You are likely being downvoted because this post/thread has nothing to do with Roadhog or hero balance. There's no need to shoehorn Roadhog into every conversation; there are plenty of well suited places for that discussion.
Winston is enabling this meta more so than any other hero. A significant nerf to D.Va just gives us Winston and triple DPS dive.
You really can't think of any possibility where that might happen in game huh... Regardless, that wasn't the point of my comment.
I guess you've never pushed onto a point to stall, contest, take it back solo. Been spawn camped, flanked from above/behind. Or the myriad of other situational plays that only happen in game.
You can mount a TV on a wall and still have it be at a height that's comfortable to watch while also serving to eat some of the dead space on the wall.
You completely glossed over everything I said.
How do you go from Diamond to Silver?
There's a lot of support mains in Top 500. Just scroll through the leaderboards and you'll probably see even more Lucios than Mercy's.
I'd pull the desk away from the wall a bit then. Or try and balance it with something on other side that protrudes from the wall more than the console. Or get one that is longer in length and fills in the room more. There's something about the current placement that is just off. Also make sure you've got decent ventilation for your computer and peripherals.
Yep, it's not Invisalign, it's the provider. My ortho was tracking my bite during every appointment.
Look for dental schools.
In the post where the lootbox changes were announced, I said "This is good change. Hopefully it stops the whiners". Half the sub jumped down my throat for my tone and because "whine" has a negative connotation even though I said the changes were good. People will always be upset with semantics, just expect it and move on. There are more interesting hills to die on.
I think negative posts affect the subreddit and many people are classifying this one as so. If this were phrased as a suggestion and less of a demand, the response would most likely be different.
Ah, then the title of this post is kind of unclear.
I used a file on the edges of my Invisalign to wear down sharp edges. I purchased chapstick for my home, work, and the car. That's the best advice orthos never give. Never had a spit problem, my mouth felt like it got super dry, so I just started drinking more water. All in all, after time she will get used to it.
Everything in that room, honestly. Depends on what type of style you're crafting. The sofa can be your statement piece and then have everything around it be modern or contemporary, or mid century. And the mix of styles would make the sofa stand out.
Yes, Jeff say it himself.
Burden of proof is on the person making the claim, not the one refuting. Pixar and Blizz aren't comparable, end of story.
Posting a reply from Vegas right now.
Mute, report, move on. Tough man yelling at people over the internet isn't really indicative of having a spine.
That's not what I said at all and I have no idea how you'd come to that conclusion given the context of what I said. I typically play in 4+ stacks with friends so raging is low anyway. If someone is toxic, I just mute and move on, it's a pretty simple solution.
The irony is extremely delicious here. When you're unbanned in 30 days, maybe stop going off on people to prevent this from repeating itself. If you've done it four or five times now, YOU are perpetuating the cycle.
You really do not understand how context and pronouns work in sentence structure and I have no desire to continually explain it to you.
You are overwatering. And these plants require drastically different amounts of water. Water when the top inch of soil is dry to the touch. They need to be repotted separately.
This, OP needs to slowly transition plants outside so they can build up a tolerance to full sunlight. That pothos will burn quickly if light hits it as well.
We need another main healer. We don't need to nerf Mercy. Ana has ruled the meta for way too long.
Yep, this is my biggest tilt when playing Ana.
You misunderstand. Nerfing Mercy, brings Ana right back to prominence on PC. Blizzard is not likely to balance the hero separately for console and PC (she's not a builder). Mercy is a must pick on console because she's the only main healer most can play proficiently. We need another main healer in the game, not nerfs. You add a third main healer, Mercy's pickrate will drop.
I have no interest in discussion with someone who employs ad hominem "you live a meme life" when they can't refute someone's point. Good day.
Someone partied way too hard.
&gt; I have never heard of a quad Tank meta. Just triple Tank. Quad tank was pretty prevalent in competitive play during the tank meta. Usually Soldier held the only DPS slot and was often replaced by a fourth tank. Team comps were either 4 tanks, Lucio, Ana. Or 3 tanks, Soldier, Lucio, Ana.
Reddit balance. No thanks.
I pray for the women in your life.
Black and white and wide angle photos mute a lot of the things people want to see when they're looking at a living space, FYI.
I purchased this Phal about 2.5 months ago with most of the blooms closed. It started dropping flowers around the end of May which seemed rather quick. I thought it wasn't getting enough light, so I moved it to sit on my TV stand. Flowers continued to drop throughout June. About a week ago, I noticed two new spikes shooting up from the highest nodes on the plant. I went to Vegas for the weekend, came back today and saw that the end of the the spikes were also reblooming! I did not know Phals would rebloom from the end, I always thought they rebloomed from nodes on the stalk. The whole process seems like it happened way too fast. I guess it appreciated the move to a south facing window!
Similarly, these posts.
I love when a chained comment perfectly backs up the parent comment.
My statement above was in agreeance, so I'm not sure why you're down voting or explaining it further.
Mei is pretty effective at helping focus Winston and keeping him from tickling your backline or allowing them to escape. Freeze, have your team turn and focus Winston. She's also pretty good against Genji.
I think they'd like to play it for more than 3 days every 3 months.
It looks nice, but needs a little more personality. Add plants, photos, things of interest to you that shape your space and give it character.
Corn plant is the non-botanical name for some variations of Dracaena. It is commonly referred to as corn plant because the leaves *look* like maize leaves. Maize is the plant that produces corn. OP's plant is definitely a [Dracaena Fragrans](https://www.houseplantsexpert.com/dracaena-corn-plant.html) and not a ficus.
You probably interpret it as such, but that's objectively false. White privilege isn't a form of racism; I can elaborate if you care to discuss it further. And note I'm not defending the original comment because it was a ridiculous conclusion jump, but your comment is equally as false.
&gt; people hate what they don't understand :/ And what they find stupid.
Race removed, you lack a complete understanding of privilege then. - Citizenship - Simply being born in this country affords you certain privileges non-citizens will never access. - Class - Being born into a financially stable family can help guarantee your health, happiness, safety, education, intelligence, and future opportunities. - Sexual Orientation - By being born straight, every state in this country affords you privileges that non-straight folks have to fight the Supreme Court for. - Sex - By being born male, you can assume that you can walk through a parking garage without worrying you'll be catcalled or raped; and that a defense attorney will then blame it on what you were wearing. - Ability - By being born able bodied, you probably don't have to plan your life around handicap access, braille, or other special needs. - Gender - By being born cisgendered, you aren't worried that the restroom or locker room you use will invoke public outrage. We all have forms of privilege. I am a male and have male privilege, there's nothing sexist about that. There is nothing inherently racist about stating that privilege in the form of one's race provides them benefits others don't receive.
*If.* The end product is usually much more compressed in the common ways people consume it: streaming, digital downloads, radio, satellite, etc.
Looks fine to me.
Yes, but Lucio isn't balanced around his ult. He has a lot more utility to offer in his regular kit than Mercy does.
lol. I had a feeling you wouldn't be able to comprehend anything from the fact that you even came up with this as a balance design. A teammate that has an ult that signifies where they are at any point on the map is Awful. It would feel awful for the team and the player. McCree had to be buffed because his ult was basically just a sign that said stun or kill me. And he only glows after you press Q. There are many routes and paths from spawn to take so that you're not in direct sight of the enemy team. A glowing, wall hacking ult would negate all of them. High mobility characters would continually dive Mercy and snipers will keep her in spawn. Blizzard would never design a hero that gives the enemy team an advantage once you've charged your ult. One of the dumbest ideas I've read in this sub.
Looks great! Im in love with that throw blanket. Your TV is a little small for the space and the artwork above it is massive and mounted too high. I'd move the big artwork to the wall above your couch, mount a bigger TV on the wall, and then put a shelf above the TV to display smaller photos and artwork on. I think that would balance the walls a little better.
MCM is good for small spaces which makes it increasingly used in urban environments. Easy to find at every available price point. The furniture is versatile And can be matched with a variety of other styles. The style has been popular now since the early 2000's and stores like West Elm, CB2, and IKEA have made it so ubiquitous for everyone.
This is actually funny.
Gold and Silver players complain about her on the main sub, but that's about it. If her pick rate were to drastically increase, we would see a lot more complaints about how she is OP.
The backseat reddit balance is always amusing and most likely gave us new Roadhog.
Extremely hard to believe the stars aligned every time, people died within spawn rez range, and that many Mercy's were getting teamfight shifting rezzes for Anubis second point to be that much of a complaint. It happened, *once in a while*.
Don't forget reddit. The reddit OW subs do a great job at pretending they're above Blizz forums when the same content gets echoed in both.
I'm seeing a lot of comments there that are exactly questioning the balance. Are we reading the same post?
&gt; its nothing personal but you're out of this discussion. This sub is absolutely hilarious. I'm dying lmao.
In general, Mercy respawns and flies out to the point to rez because more times than not someone was too far away. If Mercy is only spawn rezzing "enough people for a stall" the team fight should still be in your favor. It was never a huge contender in team fights on this point because not everyone would die in range; Gibraltar is a different story.
Overwatch has had a 63hz server tick rate since August, dude.
Yes, visibility is different, but the content is not. You can jump into any roadhog highlight post (pre-patch) on r/overwatch and see a ton of bitching about hook KO's. Or just browse new/rising and control F the hated hero of the week. Reddit's vote system does a decent job at filtering what is popular (or circlejerked enough to be popular) but the content is the same. If someone comments about Roadhog in the Reaper skin post, there's 50 comments chained to it about how much they hate his hook shot combo.
Have you read the comments in Mercy posts in this sub? You'd be surprised.
Yet there's a daily nerf Mercy circlejerk post in which the same arguments and counter-arguments get stated every time.
As an Ana main, one of my favorite things was to sleep Roadhogs who kept trying to go for the flank. You hook me once from the back line, you better believe I'll be hyper vigilant in listening for your footsteps, checking my six regularly, and saving my cooldowns to counter your abilities. Roadhog is a direct case of what happens when this community, both Reddit and the Blizzard forums, call to balance heroes that they don't know how to play against. No, it doesn't feel great to get stunned, pulled, and then one shot. But at the same time, you should learn what you've done wrong so that it doesn't happen again. Roadhog is all about positioning and teamwork to negate his effects. And sadly, those are the two biggest factors the vocal silver and gold players in this community lack.
Are you aware of the recent hate Mercy gets in the game because people dislike the "hide and seek" method of gameplay when Mercy has her ultimate? Any thoughts on changes for the hero?
I saw that and was still like that's pretty farfetched and ridiculous editing to show how they got there.
I've stopped playing competitive due to the current meta being so oppressive against the majority of the heroes. I mainly play arcade now which is strange because it was never on my radar before.
Yeah, wasn't a plothole just another indication of the crappy fast paced editing throughout the entire film.
Suicide squad did not invent titling characters on screen lol.
Implied when you state Transformers copied Suicide Squad.
Context is pretty key when you're responding to someone. All I've stated is hook hitbox is generous. Thats it. That's what this thread is about. So all of your other assumptions are not relevant to me. [You can read my actual thoughts on Roadhog here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/6k1z27/the_antithetical_nerf_of_roadhog/djirbc2/?context=3).
I read both regularly.
desk and computer seem undersized in comparison to your other equipment.
We were well into dive comp before D.Va was a thought on anyone's mind.
You completely missed the point of what he said and only served to parrot back the same arguments said about mercy ad nauseum. This wasn't a conversation about one tricks, it's a conversation about this subs incessant need to shit on characters that don't necessarily require aim. And your comment only serves to reinforce the fact that so many people think that aim is the only skill needed to play the game.
Lol
More DPS being viable isn't the problem.
The amount of silver/gold players in this thread is INSANE.
[Not the same color scheme](https://www.westelm.com/products/modern-cabinet-bookcase-h1501/?pkey=cbookcases-storage-shelves%7Coffice-storage-bookcases), but pretty close as well with bigger storage on the bottom.
Hanzo OTP's tho.
Because it doesn't reaffirm the circlejerk opinions about Mercy.
Source?
The poor mens.
Hahahaha. If that's what you actually believe, good luck in life dude.
Discussion with anyone who thinks misandry is equal to misogyny is not worth my time. You have zero intention of actually listening or acknowledging the actual problems with sexism, as evidence by your comments here. Your views on trans people are actually pretty disgusting. No thank you.
Yeah, *that's* the reason you didn't get into sports.
HBO and most cable shows have a completely different business model than ABC and broadcast shows. The two aren't comparable in what they can budget in for great CGI.
I'm secure with my sexuality and not homophobic, so none of that matters.
I commend you for trying to work on better balance for the hero and not just trashing Mercy and the people who play her. We need more posts like this in this sub and less of the circlejerk let's hate on this no-skill hero of the week. Reddit OW subs as a whole like to think of themselves as a better place for discussion and balance than the official forums. But I don't think we live up to the pedestal most people put this sub on when it comes to the competitive aspect of the game. This post and more posts like this are definitely a step in the right direction. You assess the problem, explain what's frustrating about playing against Mercy, and then suggest balance changes while keeping your emotions in check. Kudos! Moving forward, what's the counter to Mercy's new ult besides killing her? I don't know if every hero needs a hard counter in order to counter them effectively. There's Sombra, when effective, can shut Mercy down for 11 seconds which is plenty of time to take her out of the fight. Is the new ult single target, AOE, require LOS, what's the range? I'm not really understanding how it's differentiated from the old one besides it requiring time to resurrect someone. The current key setup for Mercy would feel better when playing her, especially for flex supports who are used to M1 for primary fire. M2 for primary fire might feel weird. M3 or Shift to switch from staff to gun.
&gt; I play sports but no team I'm on does that dick in face stuff. Exactly. It's pretty clear the person I responded to has some issues if they need to resort to that level of hyperbole (which doesn't really happen) to state why they dislike the camaraderie of sports. More times than not, it's insecurity bred out of societal homophobia. Either that or they're just pretty ignorant as to what playing sports and being on a team means in general.
The title threw me through a loop at first. [Just in case anyone else is wondering what swag lighting is](http://ezinearticles.com/?Swag-Lamps---What-Are-They?&amp;id=1881989).
As I thought. And passed off objectively.
Did you have jobs lined up or just up and move?
Shoe rack, coat hanger, mirror, [bench for sitting](https://www.westelm.com/products/mid-century-bench-h1238/?pkey=centryway-storage), you could probably get away with a chair and a small end table in front of it, etc. Basicslly you'd want to turn it into a large mud room.
I don't think you intended to use apathetic.
Misting is not a thing!
This is a myth! Misting provides humidity for maybe five minutes until it dries up. It absolutely has no effect on the plant long term and has been proven over and over again. 5 minutes of temporarily improved humidity doesn't give the plants enough time to open their stomata. In many, probably more than half of all plants, exposure to rain causes rapid suppression of photosynthesis by inducing stomatal closure and causing temporary decrease or cessation of the photosynthetic mechanism. Examining plants exposed to several minutes of misty rain often reveals complete stomatal closure within 2 minutes, with a 30-40% decreases in photosynthetic ability within 1 hour. In addition, it often takes many hours to several days for plants to return to a "pre-rain" ability to carry on the efficient business of photosynthesis. Unless you have a machine spraying mist on them periodically throughout the day, there is no residual benefit other than the placebo effect of being a good caretaker. Misting does help keep plants clean, however.
He was reaffirming the answer.
Curtains should hang an inch above the floor.
Google how to hang a curtain and you can discover the why tho.
