Yes, very!
C'mon guys, ronasd4 was joking. Since when do we negative-vote people for harmless fun like that?
I recommend the pilot thing, I did that 10 years ago and it has been awesome.
I don't know if it was a misread or a language issue, but the phrase "inconveniencing the way we do business here" does not automatically mean "inconvenience business". If a person wishes to eat breakfast at 6AM at a restaurant, then they will need to find a restaurant that is open. The person being inconvenienced if the business does not open until 7AM is the person who wants the breakfast, not the business itself (except through the transitive property).
I'm impressed, this has been up for 20 hours and there hasn't been one post along the lines of "fake" or "that's so fake, it's obviously a setup" or even "Why Would They Be Filming? Its Not Real". We're getting there, reddit! Good job, everyone!
It was contaminated with incompetent handling, if I recall correctly.
I showed my wife and in a rare misstep she responded 'meh'. I let her know she was wrong, of course.
Throughout the rest of the program there remained many who believed ANY RTLS would result in LoV. Thank goodness the process was never needed, though a TAL might have been cool... Back when SLC-6 was still on the books we got great stuff like certain events in David Brin's book *Earth* or [this cover art](http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/40/e9/d207d250fca0712c3bde7010.L.jpg).
With Activator! Jailbroken phone, Activator runs a bash script through Activate Command. Activator uses connect to and disconnect from triggers for my car Bluetooth. Final component: csay to do speech synthesis. Example script (it also toggles my wifi so I can sever the crummy connect in my driveway and switch straight to LTE: #! /bin/bash activator send switch-off.com.a3tweaks.switch.wifi sleep 2 csay $(shuf -n 1 /usr/local/bin/gabber/carstart.txt) sleep 5 activator send switch-on.com.a3tweaks.switch.wifi &gt; /dev/null 2&gt;&amp;1 Carstart.txt is full of the likes to say, obviously. Have fun!
Sure, but it's being able to rendezvous that makes all that possible too!
With &gt;100 people being laid off at Symantec in the very near future, expect dramatically increased competition in the job market shortly. A data point for anyone who is not bringing their 'A-game' to this because maybe they figure in the back of their mind that "ah, well, I'll try harder when I'm *serious*"...
exactly i got a 93 iq and thats a A afain
If ramps are always available, sure. I bet you don't have to go far, however, to find someone in a wheelchair who has encountered those exceptions. I wonder if the wheelchair users of the world face psychological barriers to going out based around the fear that there might not be a ramp?
It's like watching myself play Street Fighter.
Carnival Imagination, must be a fleet pattern. ...and the fact that i see your post means I gave in and paid but it was just now and holy crap, I did not expect this post to explode.
A note: I bought the 'value plan' in the middle and imgur.com is blocked. That's lovely.
'Supposed to' in what way?
That's what the hole looks like when things birthday fast. I know you want the comfort that comes with an elaborate federal conspiracy being needed to pull this off, but the world we live in just isn't that orderly.
I was literally out of the country, folks, just docked in Long Beach. It wasn't me.
Oh shIt, I didn't think my alibi through. welp, guess I'm going to superjail.
Nice! Yes, definitely the same here. As far as implied secondary characteristics go these ones seemed pretty funny if they really weren't just an odd artistic touch. 😸
Do they have hyper drives?
This one wonders how you might define 'glitch' if not the behavior described.
no u
"Elmo lives, Elmo dies, ELMO LIVES AGAIN!"
Maybe... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
No, but I bet it's a fun cruise. Lots of kids on this and I bet that's not so much the case with those.
There is no way this could horribly backfire.
For countries that don't allow you to give a duck.
😇
&gt; Dildan 'Buzz' Kerman That might have done better, ya gotta put a little effort in.
Wit this, the result is open-sourced firmware drivers for the camera. Everyone benefits, not just Parallella. If they follow your master plan, then all that hardware is still locked up in shitty binary driver land. Are you one of those hard-core activists who distrusts any commercial support of open-source initiatives, the kind who cuts off his nose to spite his face? Do you spit on Red Hat, Mozilla, Sun, Oracle etc for anything they do that's contributed back to the community? Offering a bounty is not a commission to do a job, it's an enticement for people who might be playing around with the idea of reverse-engineering these already who might say "you know, that'd be a sweet little piece of pie at the end of the project". Open Source does not equal communism, if that's your argument. There are many different kinds of people who contribute for all sorts of different reasons. Who are you to shit on something that might make the RaspPi world better? Is your 'philosophical disagreement' really something that'll make things better?
For rendezvous with the CSM, just wait until it's orbited near to you before you launch. Boost to the rendezvous altitude at 45° then fine tune the intercept carats until they're close. Do a big velocity match burn centered at the intercept and boom, you're floating next to your CSM! I'm assuming it orbits pretty low, of course.
They haven't had a fatality in space since 1970 (a total of 4) while the US space program had 14 fatalities in-flight, the most recent in 2003. Could the 'haphazard' generalization be an artifact of the Cold War zeitgeist?
Where do you live that terabit fiber connections are so plentiful for end users?
Ginormous differences beneath the skin, but if there was any 'spontaneous acquisition of data' it was by the USSR. The US shuttle was already flying by the time the Buran project, eh, 'took off'. The first (and only) flight of the Soviet shuttle was near the end of the 80s so it's unlikely the US needed their design data.
Well… I don't know if I wrote clearly or not, but the docking system used by the US shuttle was designed by the Russians for their shuttle. So… Even if the Russian shuttle benefited greatly by espionage to explain the outside shape, the specific component we're talking about here was a Russian invention copied by the United States. 😁
I *think* it was the book Blindman's Bluff but I can't remember for sure where I read that. File it under apocryphal unless I can nail that down more firmly.
Why do you say 'not quite'? What's the error?
Transhab will fly thanks to Bigelow.
I believe you are dramatically under estimating the cost of launching this constellation with the currently available launchers. If the Ariane 6's semi reusable system works, it would certainly cost them less than a classical fully disposable rocket but it will probably be several years before that flies. The competitor that's planning to use the falcon may be able to realize benefits from this line of this tech sooner because of where they are in their development cycle, otherwise the cost of launching will represent a significant chunk of capital investment. That said, I suspect that lowballing the estimate by looking at the cheapest rocket is an exercise doomed to create disappointment.
The problems this flight did not cause them to re-enter, it was never large enough of a surface to overcome atmospheric drag. They were collecting data in advance of an upcoming mission that'll be launched on a Falcon Heavy if I remember correctly, but I don't know if THAT one is supposed to have the impulse to escape either. Anyone else?
The outdoor shots do indeed appear to feature a sky the color of a television tuned to a dead channel (back when that line was written and the color was a static-filled grey and not a vivid blue of today, that is)
Does it? You only gave one specific example of a single dropped subplot and that was shown to be an error. Any others?
They are and they work great. My wife can shred a slow-roasted pork thing with those in a few seconds, they're easy to use and strong. They're not 'flexible, fragile plastic' like a plastic fork.
I'm a pilot, and that is a terrible thing to do. Sounds like a great way to scare people away from aviation. :(
That's not a dumb question, and even though I cannot improve on falk225's answer i'm an Internet commentor SO I I'LL TRY ANYWAY: The energy harvested good more effectively be collected through other means based on the figures demonstrated here. if the technique could be improved in efficiency by a few orders of magnitude that answer could change, but until then technologies like solar, Peltier conversions, or Sterling cycle devices would probably be more effective.
If I've learned anything about science from watching movies and television, these fusion researchers should probably just try inverting some polarities in their machines until they work. Basically I'm advocating for bringing a Dunning-Kruger heavy team online to solve all these problems.
It is this one's hope that your timbers have been properly shivered.
&gt; **tries** to make new fliers puke when he takes them up Ah, gotcha. I read the above differently, may just have been me.
As a dad... ouch. Think I'll go and try to act reasonable about some tiny stuff. This might be tricky.
Sorta. It's got a wicked strong magnetic field that charges any loose material into plasma and acts like a giant particle accelerator. With Io erupting all the time, the magnetic vortex is regularly fed with mass to spin up in the planetary cyclotron and particles are smashed together by the billions every second. Each time they hit, they spray energy and high energy particles off in different directions so not seeing Jupiter would probably not actually fix the whole problem. I was spitballing why that would be a requirement but I didn't really think it through. I read a thing once that wondered if Jupiter's planetary particle accelerator could be harvested for antimatter. I don't remember what the method used for filtering the output was or if it was specified, but it's interesting. If single atoms of anti-matter are occasionally created by Jupiter, there's logically be a little bit of time before they would hit something and asplode.
The real monsters in life mostly come out at night. Mostly.
Don't worry about it, Reddit has a few self-appointed 'Grand Inquisitors' who see corporate conspiracies everywhere. They seem themselves as the heroes of light in the unending battle against deception and marketing and hone their very special set of skills through a 'even a blind chicken can find a piece of corn once in a while' approach that involves scattershot accusations in all directions until one of them hits. A bunch of them demonstrated this technique during the Boston Bombing aftermath, you may have heard....
When iPhones came out, there were forums full of people arguing that they weren't really smartphones. There's so much goalpost moving on the Internet, I have no idea how anyone ever scores any points much less makes it to the end boss.
That's a good idea, I'll try and focus on the positive next time.
SLS would probably be a waste for the mission profile that's been floated publicly. It doesn't even involve braking into orbit around Europa meaning that it could probably use an existing heavy launcher. For reference, Cassini used a Titan IV to send something to Saturn and that even included a lander! A Falcon Heavy, Ariane 5, or heavy Atlas I would probably have enough throw unless the planned mission changes dramatically.
I get it, I'm a big dumb jerk. Sorry. Edit: I wasn't trying to 'sound smart', I was trying to put my feelings into words and I just screwed up.
Arrgh, somehow Siri lost part of my post or I completely forgot to add it. I was trying to write that the Saturn V was one of the launch vehicles considered for the **VOYAGER** program. I am just not doing well on the reddit today, both between bad decisions and bad post-entry. You are, of course, right about the Shuttle but it had nothing to do with the Voyager launches. The political costs of using an SLS for an unmanned mission would probably be considerable and at the rate they've been funded, I am not certain the SLS launch cadence could support a probe launch across the number of senate sessions needed to keep support.
News story: http://www.kezi.com/news/Woman_in_Wheelchair_Hit_and_Killed.html
I am not Geoff, and I have not commented on the new story at that link. Edit: what the hell you talking about? I'm browsing on mobile right now so I can't see any comments. Edit 2:: /U/LJWay deleted their comments. Classy.
I don't understand what you're talking about. I am not the person in the comments you're talking about. I've been called a bunch of interesting names, but I think this is the first time anyone has "accused" me of being someone named Geoff.
Yeah, no parachute. Fully propulsive landings are mass heavy!
I've had a few good, so so, and bad experiences Positives: * Northwest auto group - pleasant to work with, felt good about purchase price and deal afterwards. * That place on the south west corner of 7th and chambers - same comment as above, ended up keeping that car for like 6 years. Medium: * Kendall - Loved the cars, felt a little snubbed in post sale paperwork stuff. Would probably go again but not a fan of the bureaucracy. Poor: * Guaranty in Junction City. My wife was buying a car and I was hiding in our other car reading a book because she's a better negotiator. She called me to 'consult' as a sales tactic and the guy started haranguing her for 'not being able to make a decision without her husband'. It was pretty crummy. * Brad something in Cottage Grove: they refused to talk with my wife and kept answering all questions to me even if she asked them. It was like they thought she was an auxiliary speaker for me and I was the 'real decision maker'. Hope this helps!
I googled, found a post: &gt; I remember reading an interview once with Patrick Stewart and saying that the summer between seasons 3 and 4, he was driving through LA in a convertible and he pulled up at a red light. He said the woman driving the car in the lane next to him recognized him and screamed, "Hey! You're the man who ruined my summer!"
Right on, hopefully they have what you're looking for and haven't turn into assholes since 2008. 😸
Every time I see Chris Pine I see James Kirk (X-Games Edition), not sure where you get crack FBI agent Bert Macklin from this.
&gt; Seeing the shuttles always leaves me in awe Truth, it was an incredible (if deeply flawed) machine with an amazing engineering pedigree and an example of pushing things to the limit and striving to- &gt; and brings back memories of Armageddon What.
Welcome to "the tragedy of the commons".
Solar counts too even though it's just for transferring power from a star that has a limited store of hydrogen to fuse. :)
Oh good lord.
http://i.imgur.com/oYwRHjj.jpg
It's a little spendier than some boats people have and maybe less spendy than some RVs others have. I'm a firmly middle class guy who happens to own a plane and it is awesome. I did an AMA about 5 years ago, got your questions answered plus a few hundred you don't care about: http://www.reddit.com/comments/amt0d/iama_middleclass_private_pilot_with_my_own_plane/
Yep! Like a car, and a piston-less plane might be a jet, glider, rocket, or wankel-powered. Where did all these responses come from?!
With improper fuel management, I can get that for free.
You can always go back!
I'm hella busy (too busy even to learn newer slang than 'hella'!), just saw this thread had asploded because I was busy doing a little dinner party.
Joke's on them, when I fly it's not IFR!
No, I'm in Oregon, it's like the Arizona of the Pacific Northwest! Ok, I don't know what that means, it probably isn't.
Right on. Time to go schedule so hours!
Looks scary enough from the ground, I imagine it doesn't feel any better in the cockpit. I guess I like the *idea* of towing snarky banners more than the reality of it.
I loved "the cuckoo's egg", but no conversation about Clifford Stoll is complete without this contribution: http://www.newsweek.com/clifford-stoll-why-web-wont-be-nirvana-185306 He is a smart, funny guy but everyone get something wrong sometimes and this one was a doozy. Summary: 'the Internet Will never catch on.'
&gt; or maybe you are just astonished how well your lies have gone over if you really are part of the McDonald's corporation XD hard for me to ever know. http://i.imgur.com/seh6p.gif Top minds here, no doubt about it. Good luck.
No drop of water believes that it's responsible for the flood. OP ignored the sticky that explicitly requests people check it first and even has this exact problem and solution already covered. In addition, the poster even acknowledged implicit awareness that they were doing exactly that but, through posting, also suggested that they were special snowflake Who did not need to be bothered by investing the smallest effort in reading that sticky with the answer. It's not cool.
Classic director sabotaaage.
"Pttthpht, ACCCK" - Bill the Cat Do we really want another smoothtalking career politician in the White House?
No, but it according to the spreadsheet there are beta builds of Activator that are semi-working so it's likely a complete fix is just around the corner. I don't know of any alternatives that even come close so adding the beta repo or waiting a tiny bit might be clever. Good luck!
I switched from StatusVol to StatusVol2 to fix a crash that occurred when I received pop-up SMS after determining it was the causal factor. Once I did that, the problem disappeared.
I believe StatusVol2 fixed a crash I got on StatusVol 1. If you determine 'better' by 'doesn't cause crippling crashes', then I believe so yes.
Honestly, this only increased my affection for him. The world needs more of this, and I don't think I'm alone.
These bitter FPH posters are like a less sympathetic version of those French taxi drivers blocking traffic in Paris today to protest Über.
Yup.
Oregon. It's like Florida except with cool weather, low humidity, mountains, seasons, and very few alligators.
http://i.imgur.com/Z6XiD21.gif
The way Deckard retires replicants, yeah.
Yup! Power is different from SPL is different from perceived volume etc. Despite that, the original poster dramatically undersold the significance of a 10db difference.
Indeed it is, so it's very possible you do.
Oh, I know. But it is against the law in Oregon to pass up an opportunity to complain about Californians moving north, so I had to throw that in.
I was stuck at a 60% freeze that many others were, but I did finally successfully jailbreak. I had iTunes 12.0.1 installed and when it reaches 60%, I just left it alone. After a few minutes, it restarted my phone and then a few minutes later did the same thing again. It must have rebooted my phone four or five times before it continued past 60% and then finished successfully.
You're in a meeting. Your boss is talking about strategies for the next quarter when your phone beeps. You check it, shit. Maneuver node coming up in five minutes. "Hey, can we put a pin in this for about a half hour? I've got a… thing." Your boss looks at you quizzically. "What's up?" she asks. "There's a thing going on with project… Duna?" You scramble for an explanation, hoping she'll assume it's one of the million little legitimate things you're working on. "Okay, let's meet back in a half hour." She starts to leave, then turns around. "Oh", she says, "I hope your aerobraking pass doesn't hit one of those really tall mountains. Might be worth checking as soon as you enter the sphere of influence. Let's talk about this more later." SHIT.
Could the dragon have survived separation and parachuted?
&gt; People died on both Challenger and Discovery Challenger and Columbia, Discovery never had a fatality.
I would play that at my next lightswitch rave.
That's not a license, it's proof that someone has attended a safety class, isn't it?
Seriously, I don't understand what you're suggesting. It isn't a permit, it's just a piece of paper that says "this guy took the class". You can get it in 15 minutes from 100 different places so even if they went into his house and rifled through his office to confiscate it (which is on it's own a ridiculous idea), that wouldn't stop him from getting another. This argument fails on multiple levels. It is not a license.
"Zat's not my department", says Werner von Braun.
Yay, we're reddit subject-buddies! Here was mine, though I did it w/ still pics because there was no reason for anyone to hear my family squabbling over things like "he's touching my side of the seat" or "are we there yet" or "Dad, watch the fucking roooooooaaaaaad!" https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3410n0/we_did_our_duty_let_no_man_woman_or_child_suggest/
We've had analog devices that perform functions that are classically considered the realm of computers. Analog targeters for battleships that have gears and mechanical sliderules and whatnot, vinyl records existed somewhat before digital music, and more. It seems logical to me that a species might eschew computers for reasons ranging from technical to philosophical yet still engineer brilliant solutions to these problems. An analog feedback loop might control warp fields, a magnetic anti-matter containment system that uses optical sensors to vary voltage the way an alternator in the car responds to voltage needs by powering the field up and down... if you can imagine a task, it's possible to imagine a mechanical way to do it though you may sacrifice efficiency and mass. If anyone here has read The Mote In God's Eye, the 'moties' there did pretty much everything without computers because they just flat out didn't need it. Not because they were all geniuses, but because they had massive specialization. What about species with biological abilities to solve different problems? Q, the Farpoint aliensm, the Crystalline entity, and Tinman are just a few examples of living creatures that could travel FTL. A species might ride these creatures like they do in Farscape or even have some of those abilities within themselves that they could apply to the hulls in which they lived. There's a lot of precedent for warp without computers in the Star Trek universe, so I say aye.
Not this one, they'll do a full duration test burn then retire it to museum duty. But I anticipate they'll refly the Jason first stage for a test if they recover it successfully.
They finished the landing pad at Vandenberg before the one at KSC, silly billy.
The shuttle made a mockery of the "man rated" concept. There were so many deeply flawed design decisions in it, sweet zombie Jesus.
Not refly as an orbital launcher, I meant that they'll re-fly it like Grasshopper/F9R. I thought I read somewhere that SpaceX wanted to do some sub-orbital testing like this with a recovered stage, but I don't know if that's official or speculation.
Easy there, Jaden.
I'm unable to register even the slighest amount of fucks for this concern. I'm checking the meter, but the needle's not twitching. Is this a thing that happens? Or is this one of those theoretical risks that folks roll out anytime someone does something interesting?
What the shit? This is ridiculous, the article is a year and a half old and talks about a cancelled mission.
Don't forget Enterprise! She was originally intended for space but history passed her by when enough design changes made it cheaper &amp; payload-better to convert STA-99 into Challenger.
Uhh the ACTUAL PEOPLE who played some of those roles did, though. It happens, it's one common outcome for seniors.
If you're only interested in the last page or so (like, you're looking at a log and need to know what failed at the end), use 'tail filename.log'.
AlienBlue is choosing to treat gifv using the built-in media handler which happens to treat this as video as aveman101. Where that user and I differ is to the inevitability of this. The AlienBlue dev team can choose, if they wish, to include a media handler that renders .gifv itself instead of just using MPMoviePlayerController or AVPlayer. It is absolutely technically possible, it comes down to complexity and interest in fixing this issue. Do they build ffmpeg or branch a component of VLC, for instance? Fixing this is more than just clicking an option in a .plist, it'll require some real coding. Here's hoping they decide to go for it!
No need to be pedantic, we all know this but it's still a cool project that requires solving many of the same problems actual space hardware would face (like low temperatures, super low pressure, high altitude operations w/ tracking) and gets you things like visible curvature of the earth. If you want to play wordcop, then by all means offer unnecessary corrections like this. If you want to get folks interested in STEM and get more people under the space circus tent, then you'll knock it off.
This sounds wacky, but.... nothing you describe isn't already being done by the first stage so this could work. The first stage does a cold-gas pirouette in the same altitude and speed where the second stage would be. A big challenge might be the cost to customers of making their payloads survive Gs both ways on the vertical axis. Maybe if the costs drop enough, that's a reasonable expense?
I really like the Angel Craft transfer paper, it's the best I've found so far. I've used the Silhouette and Cricut brands too and had mixed results. The Silhouette brand worked ok but was a little sticker than I wanted. The Cricut stuff was waaaay too sticky and it would take forever to pull off with constant re-application to re-stick the vinyl that it was tearing up with it. Insult to injury, it left behind a nasty sticky residue. I don't know if transfer paper can 'expire', but it was bad. The Angel cut stuff (I got some off Amazon) is more like 'painter's tape' stickiness and is a dream to use.
Whether or not he said it or not, the quote attributed to Henry Ford applies here: "If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses." If you confine yourself to an existing market and only make incremental improvements, then you'll have an uphill battle establishing real marketshare. If you CREATE the market, though, you're king until you aren't.
&gt; That's a little kinky. I think you've got OP pegged.
None that I know of, sorry.
What if a piece of wizard technology was liberated from Hogwarts, the kind that allows motorcycles to fly. HYPOTHETICALLY SPEAKING this magic exists and is now available for use by aerospace industry, how might one use this to lower costs to launch payloads to orbit? Edit: I don't know why I'm being downvoted, it is a hypothetical question. Edit: i dont understand are we not to ask hypotheticals? i said IF the magic existed!
It's a planet populated entirely by robots right now, maybe they'll keep the humans out.
No technical reason they couldn't but the community seems pretty sure it'll be the remaining F9R test vehicle that'll be used. I think that's plausible in part because of the sheer engine hardware cost. Throwing away three engines versus 9 seems to make sense, especially if there's a chance some of Jason's engines could be refurbed or economically converted into Vacuum Merlins but that's just conjecture on my part.
If they're using magnetic induction for initial acceleration, then it makes sense they'd be able to do the same for braking and convert most of that energy back into usable power instead of heat.
JRTI has been retired I thought, isn't Marmac 303 (with unknown name) still being constructed in LA?
&gt; Can you super-cool methane to get it close to the density of RP1 Kerosene has a density of about 800 kg/m3 and doesn't vary too much by temperature. As I recall, the Orbcomm launch didn't so much 'supercool' the Kerosene as 'mildly cool to a pleasant room temperature' btw. Methane at 3 bar (arbitrary, I picked the tank pressure of the shuttle ET for comparison because I don't know better) cooled to -180C (it freezes at -187C, right?) has a density of 448kg/m3 according to an online calculator. I played around with the pressure and as it increased to wildly high numbers the density only went up slightly so in short, I don't think you could get methane to kerosene density in the context of a realistic launch vehicle.
There are lines from Voyager (the show, not the probe) that suggest The Borg have been around for centuries if not thousands of years. The Vaadwur in 'Dragon's Teeth' were in statis for something like 900 years and they knew of the Borg too, handily predating V'Ger. To make this work takes some temporal fuckery.
&gt; We like Ariane 6. This is smart business. [Gerald Ratner](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerald_Ratner) learned this the hard way when he went the other direction: &gt; "People say, "How can you sell this for such a low price?", I say, "because it's total crap." I think the realities of how their funding works means Ariane must be publicly committed to the path they're on for now. Does that mean they're relaxing behind the scenes? I doubt it. I'd be shocked if there weren't engineers looking at ways to adapt their hardware to recent events or at least figuring out how practical/impractical it would be.
Soooo..... IS there an ASDS active on the west coast yet? Last I heard, Marmac 303 was still being refitted in Los Angeles. Unless the wings are on already I'd be surprised. Not a lot of time left to do a reveal (what's the new name gonna be?) and do whatever sea trials are needed. Edit: Neat, it has wings.
The atmosphere is something like &lt;1% the density of ours which I think means there would still be significant health problems to exposed skin (hematoma, water boiling off, etc) but I may be mistaken. I think a pressure suit would be necessary still.
Did you reply to the correct thread?
That story makes some bold statements that exceed our current knowledge. We've documented real health challenges in weightlessness but have almost none for partial gravity like Mars. Science predicts that bone loss and muscle atrophy could happen but we don't know to what degree. "This is still not enough to keep them alive on Mars" sounds pretty pessimistic unless the author is in possession of important data of the sort thousands of scientists would kill to review.
Just a heads up, we're already on a public lists with addresses. https://amsrvs.registry.faa.gov/airmeninquiry/ Other arguments may work better.
No, the beak says "CHIRP!" or maybe "CAW!" but I don't know what kind of jackdaw it is.
That's, like, dog years man. Yeah, that's what OdinsBeard meant.
I'm a general aviation pilot, that's the list I'm talking about. Sorry I wasn't clear, I thought that would be clear by context but I done goofed. For the record, I absolutely agree re your points on it being invasive and unnecessary. I'll add 'security theater' and ineffective too because people will ill intent will hardly register their craft.
Isn't the Sherpa microsat dispenser flying along with Formosat? If so, how does this differ from dual manifest?
Hard to beat *Meatfucker* for unlikely ASDS names. 😸
Fun fact: He's launched more cruise-missile attacks than any other Nobel Peace Prize winner to date.
It's exciting tech. I've got my fingers crossed that it's achievable in the near future, I'm just not quite ready to bet money on it in any immediate future. :D
I liked when the one hover bike manufacturer pulled out at the last moment and was publicly shamed for their apparent lack of confidence in their hover bikes.
Exactly. When I was a kid, I just saw the terrible things he did. As I've gotten older, I realized there are more villains in that movie that I originally noticed.. Is Deckard even a hero? He's enforcing laws of wildly questionable morality, after all. Some of the replicants are real shit birds, but they don't seem to be caricatures of evil so much as the result of people being put into impossible situations.
I was thinking more of the skyline filled with fireballs shooting out of the refinery, looks just like the intro to LA 2019 in the film. That's not actually THAT common elsewhere. :D
Check mate, I think.
Yes, plus just enough unicorn dream to make Gaff's origami at the end something to ponder.
The book is most excellent for completely different reasons. 👍
Nice! I have an illuminated shaft umbrella (gosh that looks funny in text) too and love going for walks with it.
I've seen things you wouldn't believe with what you did there with your eyes....
"Well, then get a job maybe?" "Shut up, MOM. YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND ME."
Did you mean to use superscript in the energy figures for planet, star, and galaxy wide power output? Without that, the numbers don't make any sense. Edit: Ah! Never mind, the mobile client I was using was rendering the numbers without superscript. I had this nagging thought and came to check this on a desktop and just realized my mistake.
Using an SLS to launch the same Europa Clipper mission as could be sent on a Delta or whatever was originally planned JUST to get it there faster would have been criminal. Adding a lander is FANTASTIC. Real science beats convenience any day.
I'd love to see some current photos of the inside. I wonder if they've got a couple webcams? Did they experiment with windows on either of them? A video of earth drifting past the window would be pretty sweet. I'm curious what they use for downlink, TDRS would be pretty expensive. I can imagine them using an Iridium phone for cost then imagining some operator back at the Iridium offices trying to figure out why one of their phones kept switching satellites in such a weird order. I suppose amateur Ham would be another lower-bandwidth option...
Nice style! Clearly, it depicts a launch from the cancelled [SLC-6](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vandenberg_AFB_Space_Launch_Complex_6) facility at Vandenberg AFB (first were scheduled for 1986 but then called off in the wake of the Challenger accident) because there are no mountains in Florida. Space AND alternate history? Nice double-header!
"Generic as possible" is not a useful critique, it's not actionable. Same with your comment about being 'tired' of seeing it on some site, something that has more to do with you than the picture. Hope this helps clear up the big 'mystery of the downvotes' for you!
But they did! They had a hydraulic thrust vectoring system that vectored the nozzle at the bottom. http://spaceflight.nasa.gov/shuttle/reference/shutref/srb/thrust.html Pretty sweet, eh? I just don't know if they were used for this specific maneuver and never even though about it until now.
Until we make contact with another sapient species, I think it's probably reasonable to assume the "human" specifier. I mentioned "station culture" because there are so many aspects of human culture that DON'T include physical musical instruments. The office environments in which I've worked (US, it may be very different elsewhere) don't, for example, despite being a place where many of us spend a huge portion of our waking lives. While I and many of my coworkers play instruments, we don't do so in the context of office culture. Maybe I'm reading too much into it, I don't know. Just a perception on my part that may not be born out by evidence.
There's nothing that happens to superchilled LOX in the context of rocketry that prevents it from being chilled again later. They don't have to store it at a lower temperature than usual so long as they can run it through their refrigeration process again at the next fueling time, right? Or is the belief that the chilling for densification happens elsewhere because that doesn't make sense.
Something I saw last week applies here, something to the effect of: "You can't reason people out of a belief that they didn't reason themselves into."
Even the quickest of Google searches would answer that. They were on their way, but they encountered a series of modest setbacks in the form of explosions. The N-1 rockets they were testing were unmanned, thankfully.
Last year, Musk described welding some shoes over the landing feet so it's unable to tip. The landed Falcon from the Orbcomm launch looked like it was listing to the side a little after a few hours, I wonder if that was an optical illusion or if one of the legs gave a little over time. If that's the case, can anyone with better spacial visualization imagine what the failure mode of one of the leg hydraulics losing pressure could have on a booster that's effectively welded to the deck by its feet this way? Short of a method to support it from above (like they did using a crane with the Orbcomm launch) I think it will need to stand on its own legs until it's back in dock.
Easy there, I'm just suggesting that anyone who look to pursue this 'exciting business opportunity' exercise extreme caution and take steps to stay safe because this sounds sketchy as all get-up.
At best!
Are you kidding me? Last month, someone made a post asking for a place to work on a Christmas present and I responded with contact information for the nonprofit community workshop that I'm a member of. You accused us of some weird conspiracy to shill the shop with a fake post. That was wrong and I had never met that other person before, but you felt comfortable calling us liars and when you were called on by others to apologize you walked away instead and left your poisonous accusation in place. When I saw this suspicious post today, I wasn't terribly shocked to see that you were behind it. You've already demonstrated poor character; add history like that to actual financial transaction where your tomfuckery could cost people actual money and the red flags just keep popping up. Maybe this is innocent, but I hope anyone who takes you up on this is VERY careful to protect themselves.
Following the CRS-6 landing attempt, they made some code changes to the computer controlling the throttle valves to address the 'sticky'/lagged performance. Those changes were in the Orbcomm launch and worked out there, here's hoping they work on the ASDS!
I've read that the center engine of the existing boosters actually enjoys a modest aerospike effect already because the surrounding plumes form a giant virtual nozzle. Pretty neat if accurate. Fitting MVacs to the core stage might be difficult for space-constraint reasons others have already described, maybe they'll figure out a nesting arrangement that DOES work, though, like 4 out of the 8 ring-engines instead of all 8. Anything that boosts high-altitude Isp and can get a ride there on the side-boosters would be nice.
There will be launches where they need to use more fuel (because of heavier payloads or higher orbits) and won't have enough left to boost all the way back to land. Landing on the ASDS is a thing that will be needed for those and also the center stage of the Falcon Heavy which will separate higher, farther, and faster than any normal Falcon 9 launch.
This is great, did you do it?
There's even a song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjLBXb1kgMo Warning: DANGEROUSLY CATCHY
&gt; It is unfortunate that Roton isn't around right now and couldn't survive to take advantage of this growing commercial spaceflight industry. Agreed. I flew to Mojave about ten years ago to check out the ATV and their facility. Before then at one point when they were still active, I was polishing my resume with dreams of trying to get a job with them, but I chickened out. 20/20 hindsight says that was fortunate, but I still regret not being more of a risk taker.
Alternate explanation: Could it be that you don't fully grasp the magnitude of the challenges and are left squarely in the middle of the Dunning-Kruger effect?
Almost all the weight is in the engines, the stuff above them is a super small percentage of the weight of the rocket so it's got a very low center of gravity.
That's really more a symptom of overloading your phone with tweaks than jailbreaking itself. Self-control is the name of the game.
If you have difficulty differentiating fantasy from actual achievements, your post probably seemed reasonable when you wrote it. I have no explanation if that's not the case.
"NASA announces that all cargo launches will be performed with the entire production run of the SLS. The payloads will be the usual and the extra tonnage will be devoted to ballast and tiny screws."
Here's video from [inside the LOX tank of a Falcon 9 second stage at engine cut-off](http://www.nerdist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/SpaceX-LOX-GIF.gif) that shows this. As you said, it doesn't 'slam' anywhere, it just starts to float.
I think that's a contribution to a very different conversation, don't you? These two craft went into and returned from space, a fairly punishing regime.
I've got a couple of these (Kickstarter) and am thinking of projects. It's really neat (the built in WiFi and bluetooth) so I'm thinking some kind of self-contained telemetry collector might be neat, that or PiHole ad-blocker for my home network.
I'm trying to visualize how a restartable solid rocket would work. Best I can do so far is a rocket that's cast with some kind of barrier cylinder so that the first part burns from the inside out to the inner casing, the lightweight casing is ejected, then the rest of the propellant is ignited later for the second burn. End result: it's shorter than two stacked stages and lighter than two because you only need one thick steel case on the outside because the inside casing only needs to be strong enough to shield the second round of propellant from ignition (because it gets structural strength from the propellant and casing it's inside.
Agreed, they stole those people from us far too soon. Filthy Pressers…
One complication to that theory is that it's pretty unlikely they'll stream the landing considering as how much more difficult it is to get high-bandwidth Internet out at sea. For those watching the launch, I think we'll be lucky if they even give us a result during the webcast.
SpaceX doesn't patent anything because they assume their patents would be used to jumpstart IP theft in China. Currently, the only way to really steal their designs is to get up close and personal with it physically instead of downloading a PDF from the PTO.
True, but that's also [not the only failure mode possible](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=z_aHEit-SqA) in large solid boosters.
Sam &amp; Al are gonna have a hell of a time getting out of their next jam, no doubt about it.
Because gold conjures up a mist about a man, more destructive of all his old senses and lulling to his feelings than the fumes of charcoal.
I got excited last week because Michael's had a sale on picture frames. That was sobering.
9:09
There are so many little technical errors elsewhere in the video, it may also just be a whoopsie.
Is the Star Wars Holiday Special canon? Or 'Droids? These are questions that'll start an argument in the right quarters before the SNL one, so *good luck*!
Just needs a bumper sticker that says "WE BRAKE FOR NOBODY".
&gt; Same model different Rocket That's not entirely accurate, last month's landing was of the first Falcon 9 FT (or 1.2 depending on snark levels) while today's launch is of the last Falcon 9 v1.1, an older design that's slightly (1.2m) shorter and doesn't use fuel densification (which offers a ~30% performance increase).
No, it's not as heavy.
&gt; Why aren't there defectors? on the right side? The loyalties of the right side have been consistently beyond reproach.
KSP is very very reflective of real world physics, but there are specific elements of ENGINEERING that are different. The parachutes are a little too powerful, the rocket fuselages are stronger than they would be in real life, etc. The actual orbital mechanics and concepts are pretty spot on (you have to start worrying about n-body physics before they break down for the most part).
There is, they just didn't have EPA approval to use it today. There's an Environmental Impact report necessary re: a local species.
They need to perfect barge landings for high performance launches and the Falcon Heavy. This is not something they're doing 'for the lulz' as so many well meaning if misguided armchair engineers keep suggesting. It's necessary for future payloads.
You know of some good land a couple hundred miles east of KSC or south of Vandenberg that's along any given polar launch inclination? You're gonna be RICH!
That's a successful landing! ...then a failed standing (as someone said on /r/spacex).
That's all soot from the kerosene retroburn. Musk said the paint on the previous landing was fine.
I do indeed, that's what I was trying to communicate.
That sounds wildly complicated, it's probably easier to just fix the landing gear lock. Keep in mind that this rocket is as tall as a 14 story building.
The rocket is a thin aluminum can. It's not meant to be gripped, it would be like handing a kitten to Lennie; no matter how much the arms loved the rocket, they'd crush it.
The barge is fine and the system is like 99% there. The only problem yesterday was a leg that didn't latch because (it looks like) a chunk of ice from sitting in the fog all morning got in the way. In what world is fixing the ice clump issue more complicated than all that?
Same with the Soviets, they bought the same privately developed Fisher pens that NASA did. Before that, both used grease pencils. Pencils in free fall are a ridiculous idea.
The barge landings make missions possible for heavier payloads and higher-energy orbits. If you don't have to save as much fuel to get back to the launch site, you can push bigger things into space. From a technical perspective, it's not necessary for this (the payload is very light) but they want to practice the technique because there are some payloads coming that will need every ounce of go-juice. Additionally, the Falcon Heavy (hopefully debuting this year) center core will almost always need to land at sea because it goes farther, higher, and faster than a normal single-core Falcon launch. Finally, the 'choppy waves' were unrelated to yesterday's Earth-shattering kaboom. It landed fine but a leg got jammed. tldr; Perfecting this technique lets them launch bigger and faster things.
Keep in mind that it's as tall as a 14 story building and made of super thin aluminum and composites. There's no sequence where a net could be quickly raised around it that wouldn't crush it like a thing that's delicate being crushed. They *almost had it* yesterday, as far as the data seems to show it would have landed successfully if the leg had locked into position. All of the people coming out of the woodwork to armchair engineer elaborate 'solutions' seem to be skipping the actual footage and success last month of the Orbcomm landing like they're running computer programs that are jammed on 'it's just not possible to land on landing gear'. They've **already** landed. It works. Now they're going to be refining the engineering and procedures to take things like 'sitting in heavy fog while full of cryogenic lox' into account (that's a possible cause of the jam that prevented the leg from locking yesterday that I heard).
That assertion goes against everything they've done in the past. They turn both software and hardware around much more quickly than Old Aerospace because SpaceX is run more akin to a Silicon Valley rapid development shop than, say, Boeing. If you're right, it will be a huge departure from how they've done everything else.
"But Indy... we're not sledding, we're CRASHING!"
One concept not shown that I think deserves consideration is the use of inflatables in-flight to increase living volume. SpaceX and Bigelow sure seem cozy and it's a technology that could do much to reduce the landing and take-off footprint. I see that you've spent much time working through the whys and hows so I bet this is something you've thought of already, I look forward to reading more at some point to hear your thoughts on it.
Considering the precision and speed and sheer ridiculousness needed, I think 'Space Jam' would make more sense. :D
The scale is difficulty to see, it's a 50,000lb metal vehicle (with most of the weight in the engines at the bottom) made of aluminum and as tall as a 14 story building. Any cable or net that could stop it from tipping would probably cause the tank to rupture anyhow and certainly leave them with a destroyed rocket. If you make it strong enough to survive that, then you sacrifice a bunch of payload capability. My dad performed a marriage on horseback once and needed some remedial basic horsemanship lessons. He couldn't get the hang of it until the instructor finally told him he was spending his time "looking for a safe place to fall". The lesson was that he couldn't actually learn what he needed if everything he was doing was built around the assumption he'd fail. SpaceX isn't looking for a soft place to fall, to have the kind of turnarounds and to get to Mars where there are no nets, they'll need to figure out how to land with precision and to do it right. A net or cable won't give them that.
Maybe you could compare it against all the other rockets that have pushed payloads towards orbit, then reentered and landed propulsively...
Check out electromagnetic tethers for raising and lowering orbits. Not science fiction, it's a way to change orbits without expending mass by using the Earth's magnetic field. Draw power and your orbit drops, input power and it rises: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electrodynamic_tether
If they put a large "Lucas electric" label on the side, would that keep people away?
Shoot, I did this last year! See: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6IfdeFjFWT0
&gt; So what is the real world application of this? It's like you've never even **seen** the movie Independence Day. When the aliens show up, the Navy knows their planes at altitude will be sitting ducks. This is also why I fly a 200 foot pattern at the airport. PRACTICE.
If anyone here is interested in this subject, 'Flying Without Wings' by Milton Thompson is a fantastic read. He was a test pilot who was involved in the NASA lifting-body project (as well as other planes like the X-15) and is a great writer.
But it doesn't sound like flags &amp; footprints is what Musk is interested in. He's the driving force here, and his interest really seems to be full-on colonization BECAUSE Apollo resulted in decades of stagnation.
So long as he's writing the checks and directing the company, perhaps his vision of the timeline of colonization means a little more. He's apparently decided colonization _is_ something that can happen this century and is looking to make that happen. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯ Whatcha gonna do?
The most believable part to me would be the witness being confused about what they saw. When folks are super convinced that they saw an alien space ship, it's a red flag for me.
From the sound of it, I thought the lead singer from Crash Test Dummies might be a horse, but I didn't have any strong opinions as to the gender of the horse.
Implicit in your message is both: 1. SpaceX doesn't have a realistic idea how much work it will take to refurbish a booster for space and 2. You have a better idea of the work required than they do. Is there an alternate interpretation of you message? At the very least, do you have a citation to back up the first item if it's true?
There is zero gain in security for NOT being incognito mode. Either your connection is via https:// or it is not. The only difference here is that when incognito is not engaged, the site may track your identity much more easily. When you are using incognito, it takes a little more work and they are less sure of who you are between each page.
You know the guy who says "My grandfather smoked cigarettes until he died at 90 years old, obviously any link between smoking and cancer is false"? Right now, you're that guy.
"Conventional" spelling of your name is something you inherit from a decision your parents made when you were born. If you're an adult and have a chance to exert some control and pick a spelling of your name that you LIKE instead of just one someone else gave you, why WOULDN'T you?
I highly recommend Dennis R. Jenkins' books on the space shuttle: Space Shuttle: The History of Developing the National Space Transportation System https://www.amazon.com/dp/0963397443/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awd_y9sOwbKKVHSSW It's neat, I pulled this up on my Amazon app to get the link and it had a little box there telling me that I had purchased it in March of 2000. I think I've purchased one or two newer editions since, great read and reference.
'Inofficial' is my new favoritest word. It's perfectly cromulent in the context of showing the reason for the leg failure and embiggens the video.
The shuttle took the ET something like 99% of the way into orbit. No special hardware would have been needed to circularize their orbits but there was no drive to do it and they'd have to have the means to safely de-orbit it later or commit to using it because the surface area and low mass would mean it'd degrade orbits quite quickly.
It's silly: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6IfdeFjFWT0 Edit: See what I mean about fickle re jokes? (currently at -1)
It's not realistic and you are right about why. Good film and book, that scene is a rare misstep.
Sure, but he's using a corporation to make that happen. FlyingPasta made a sweeping statement that companies aren't gearing for space because there's no profit in it, but SpaceX is an example of a company that exists specifically for what FlyingPasta said doesn't happen.
Could be plenty of reasons: 1. Dragon V2 not available 2. Dragon V2 not required to test this system 3. Cheaper to use a V1 hull (plus #2) 4. All of the above
The Raptor stats so far available are for an engine that's wildly overpowered for landing on Mars. If there will be microraptors (fledglings? nestlings?) then anything's possible.
[Dream it, then you can be it.](https://blurppy.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/tusken-raider-gif.gif)
Ah, roger roger. Still, good to know. Thanks!
There's beta canon, and then there is *beta canon*. The Return is a William Shatner book that is... unencumbered by any other book in the Star Trek universe. I think the term usually refers to the couple hundred books that tie loosely together with each other and the films. This book is more like the JJ Abrams content in that it is part of a series that makes giant changes to everything that aren't anywhere else, and directly contradicts follow-up films. I'm not trying to argue the merits of one series over another, just throwing a note out about what "beta canon" typically means in trek. Gamma canon?
Fair enough, thanks for the correction.
Ah! Thank you, I didn't know that. I thought maybe 'menacing' was the legal term, but now I know better.
There's a popcorn simulator now TOO? The future is weird.
"I'm a little tea-pot, short and stout..." "Mission control to Apollo 18, transmission unclear." "This is my handle, this is my spout." "Oh. Cut it out, George."
If a 22-year-old told you that while they acknowledged the value of retirement planning, it seemed "A little hasty to start thinking about it now because retirement for them is far away and they have other priorities", I think you might have a similar reaction to their statement as some of us have yours. The future doesn't wait until you're ready, it seems to happen whether you're preparing or not. In the same sense that choosing not to open a bill doesn't alleviate the responsibility for paying it in a timely fashion, failing to develop the technology base that will eventually allow for off-earth colonization may do great harm when that future arrives. Research and development doesn't happen in a vacuum (pardon the pun) and there are inevitably unforeseen offshoots and developments that benefit elsewhere. Who knows what benefits this work will have for future generations right here? It's arrogant to assume we know the answer is 'none'. Continuing forward is society's 401(k). Yes, the end result is not immediately within grasp, but if the alternative is to someday look back with regret that you missed an opportunity then it's something to consider. There are plenty of 50-60 year olds who curse their younger selves.
Got it, I read your message as equivocating the SLS with the Shuttle-C but I follow what you're saying better now. Absolutely, the in-line design has massive safety benefits if humans are in the mix.
To advocate for the Devil: perhaps a "low value" payload to Mars would be acceptable, considering the lower out-of-pocket costs of throwing it. For all we know, there's a crate somewhere in Hawthorne with a borderline-hobbyist grade lander that has an inflatable green house with web cams and transmitters inside. 😸
I can't change your mind, that's entirely your own purview, so I won't try. Just know that there are those of us who may be a little less optimistic in both our long-term risk assessment and belief that the research to push the human frontier would show difficult-to-anticipate benefits here at home. On the latter point, I suspect the home computer revolution wasn't really on the minds of the people developing the first programmable digital computers in the 1940s and later, but it happened. A nuclear damage-resistant network of interconnected nodes for linking the computers probably wasn't seen as a method for transmitting video or images of cats either, but here we are. I'm at an age where adopting a very conservative view advocating steady-state living is increasingly common, but I've still got some life in me I guess because I think we've still got frontiers and that they'll serve us in ways that'd boggle us if our future selves came back to tell us. It looks like that outward expansion is happening whether or not the respected old scientists or cynical young turks wish it so we may want to check back in a couple decades from now to see how things turned out.
Oh, my NERVAs were fine. They were cruising along, but they weren't the problem. The problem was the TVR-1180 Mk1 tricoupler they were attached to. THAT was the part that was a few seconds from exploding when the burn ended. Radiators are great, if I remember to add them to my NERVA workhorses and fuel plants, things seem less explodey or failey.
Thank you kindly for the warning.
No, it was a joke based on the old 'this hard drive can hold the equivalent of two Library's of Congress' measurement that used to be so popular for data transfer/storage. Humor's tricky, I guess. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Kerbin-orbit rendezvous is a good way to pull off a Moho voyage. Build your components on the ground in liftable sizes, dock them on orbit Voltron style and fuel them the same way if you need.
The danger and spectacle of a big drone failure is a draw, if anything. If a little quadcopter smacks into the water it's just gone. If a big one sends a spray of water and visible tumbling parts, thought, that's spectacle.
I have long been convinced that the specter of needing to pull the chute to recover from a spin reduces the time Cirrus pilots spend in slow flight. It seems like most Cirrus crashes involve low altitude stall/spins, something that might logically result from a poor feel for an impending stall in the specific airframe. Great planes, but with the chute wing the only approved spin recovery (which totals it), it seems like a bit of a blind corner.
There were basically no survivable aborts for the first couple minutes for structural issues like this. It was a deathtrap, possibly the most dangerous spacecraft design ever built. That it didn't kill more people was a testament to the engineering ability of the people who built and maintained it, not a vindication of the design choices.
I can't tell whether you can't conceive of a black redditor who's a girl or just can't grasp the meaning behind /u/tommyfoop's toast. This is a puzzler, we're gonna need to send this to the lab.
Truth, they didn't even add the escape pole until after Challenger. Set autopilot to glide after somehow surviving a separation from the launch stack then start jumping out during the narrow window where you're high enough to pull a chute and low enough to be able to breathe.
Bless your heart.
Isn't it like 200vDC at the battery and 500-600VAC at the traction motor? It's a silly decal, but...
We'll see! I'm willing to bet gold on it, but I don't suppose /r/highstakesspacex would be the place unless non-SpaceX bets are allowed.
Right? Well, I'd best get back to Ender's Game, I'm sure the author of THAT wonderful book about being an adolescent who's socially isolated and trying to figure out his outsider status won't turn out to be a crazed antigay religious extremist.
This entire comic takes place post-singularity, right? It's an unknown number of decades in the future, perhaps $17 scones are a real bargain.
Nope, they launched in almost shirtsleeves. They had a rescue suit for water ditching but for air, they would need to use an unpressurized breather that would be incapable of getting enough o2 into them to stay conscious. It's a small mercy that they probably lost consciousness in less than 30 seconds after the breakup. Even though one of them managed to activate their emergency rebreather (I think it was Onizuka, can't remember), the partial pressure can't force enough oxygen through the lungs in such low pressure. Full suits would have been different, they would never have been exposed to the raw low pressure environment at that altitude.
&gt; 0.38M = 290mph Isn't this for sea level air pressure? If the speed of sound goes down with pressure, what's the figure for the low pressure hyperloop environment?
Neat! I'll do some focused reading, I enjoy finding gaps in my education when it means I can learn something new (and when that discovery doesn't cost me a lot of money because I just made a terrible mistake).
This is about as dry of an environment as you can get. Eclipses don't do much extra, keep in mind that the moon is already going through a day night cycle as its sun-angle progresses throughout the month. There's definitely heating and cooling, I think the theory is that process accounts for most of the creation of lunar fines (think moondust, except the particles are many times smaller than dust you encounter on Earth). That would suggest that over billions of years, the rocks are veeerrrrrryyyy sloooooooowly being abraded away from the outside in.
That is wildly untrue. In-flight Wi-Fi almost exclusively work via satellite.
I still have to do the Windowskey-P twice trick to get the screen to turn on sometimes when waking it up from sleep. I am quite ready for that to be fixed.
Literally drinking while driving? Maybe... maybe she *should* be pulled over. Presumably she's in a prohibition state else you'd not have mentioned the pot too so the expired tags situation is so silly. Some pretty poor sounding judgment by your description. Edit: BEES. BEES EVERYWHERE.
FUCKING CLOWN-PLANES!
If their launch site got pounded by nukes while they were preparing to launch, maybe those straps would improve their chance of being around to complete the sequence?
As did Enterprise and Columbia initially. With those SRBs blasting, *good luck*!
I'm not sure that I agree with you a hundred percent on your policework there, the Canaveral Princess seems to have been seeking out OCISLY so it looks like whoever's back at the business is out of the loop.
You can say it, but that don't make it so. Pretty legendary article in that town, reporters have followed up with her since. Sorry, that's the world you live in.
You're reading it correctly, /u/searchexpert read an implication into the NOTAM that wasn't there.
They had a problem with a subcontractor's quality of work and have taken to making that piece internally. Are you trying to project a 1:25 failure rate indefinitely into the future? That's not how statistics work.
Yes, the Dragon is not the end-vehicle for a Mars trip. They'll send at least one Dragon to Mars for data gathering and testing (starting in 2018) but it's only a crewed vehicle near Earth. A bigger spacecraft is for crewed flight to Mars, that's the MCT that's being developed and won't be publicly diagramed/announced until September.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Falcon_9_and_Falcon_Heavy_launches The US government is their single biggest customer, but Google is an investor and most of their launches are commercial.
Alicia Murphy's got a Periscope up at the port: https://www.periscope.tv/murphypak/1mnxewvrldQGX She's a space fan who lives nearby and goes out to do live video coverage. Edit: This is not quuuuuuite as slick of a production as SpaceX puts on, but it's live and on the spot. :)
In this case, if he was on a suspended sentence w/ probation then the year in prison is actually for the assault, not the gloating. The gloating (and alcohol) simply unsuspended the sentence.
Someone smarter than I speculated the real causative agent may have been the alcohol violating the conditions of their suspended sentence. If that's the case, then the jail time is really the original sentence.
Well, they're still figuring out what the actual refurbishment tasks are right now. It's a little premature to assume that's the case until they start reflying.
Ooh, that's gotta sting.
I'd guess the record holder is some grizzled regional airplane captain who flies half a dozen legs a day, constantly accelerating to takeoff and landing.
Three new crewed-ships being built in the US right now, two of which will probably succeed and carry a bunch of folks. One of the designs is even intended to eventually land propulsively, something that'll (among other things) make re-use easier because there will be no seawater exposure and it's designed to work with a rocket that's just begun landing its first stage for possible reuse. Seems pretty exciting to me! Oh, don't forget that DreamChaser may only have a cargo contract under CRS-2, but their intention is to keep working towards man-rating it for future customers. That's their end-game, and it's pretty sweet.
What's it used for? Power production on its own isn't too useful. If you have a compact source of power, you can use it to run ion drives or affect orbital changes w/ electrodynamic tethers. You can use it to run energy intensive water cracking operations on the lunar poles or sabatier reactors on Mars for refueling methalox rockets. But the reactor on its own? eh
Howdy! The people visiting the ISS are accelerated to match speeds. The rocket launches upwards at first to get out of the thickest parts of the atmosphere then slowly tilts eastish (the ISS isn't circling the equator exactly, it's inclined pretty heavily because a bunch of the heaviest stuff was launched out of the old Soviet rocket base in Kazakstan) so it's accelerating sideways in the exact same direction the station is going. It's all timed so that when they get up around 17,500 (and are falling and missing the earth), they're on a course that will eventually intercept the space station. So humans heading there enter the same orbit as ISS first then either wait for it to catch up or catch up to it by being slightly lower, then they match speed.
Regarding the moon, I recommend a recent book 'Seveneves' by Neal Stephenson. The book touches on many of these subjects in a way that may persuade you to reconsider. Along the way, you might find it interesting to check out https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kessler_syndrome This is the name for a phenomena that could lock us out of space for decades and it could start by doing what you propose. Personally, I'd like to maintain access to space.
&gt; when do they stop feeling the effects of acceleration? The moment the rockets cut off, typically 8-10 minutes after takeoff. &gt; How many "Gs" do they feel and how long does it take to get up to that speed Most modern human launchers will keep acceleration between 3-4.5 Gs. The time to get up to speed is that &lt;10 minutes. &gt; I think I heard on car talk that it only takes 2 minutes to get out of the atmosphere. After two minutes, you're past something like 95% (number pulled from butt, but not too far off) of the atmosphere. Maybe more, the curve starts to straighten out as you climb. The flight profile of a rocket is a delicate balancing act between getting as much sideways motion as possible and reducing drag. Air drag and 'gravity loss' are fighting it out and the rocket trajectories usually go right down the middle. Gravity loss is the 9.8m/s^2 of 1G, the rocket has to fight that any time it's climbing which is why sideways is the preferred direction, but thick air that slows you down can make you lose more energy from friction so you find the optimal path. &gt; Once you're out of the atmosphere you can still feel acceleration right? Absolutely. You continue to feel acceleration whether or not you're going through atmosphere, it's the rocket that's making it. &gt; You'd still have to be "pushed" up to speed by whatever you're riding. Thank you again!! Correct and anytime. Welcome to /r/space, stick around and catch some launches! Modern rocket launches often have webcasts where you can watch them go all the way up the hill and it's a lot of fun. Check out the sidebar for upcoming launches and tune it where available!
You're not my robot mom.
Of course, the government isn't paying for the Red Dragon missions so the old rules don't apply here. It's gotta be attractive for SpaceX to do, not 'just cuzz', and the question is always "How does this help us get to Mars?" (in the colonization sense, not literally just Mars I think)
&gt; I have no idea tbh. But the best subreddits are well moderated and some air of civility is enforced. Like /r/hillaryclinton?
&gt; Can spend more mass fraction on payload since you don't need to haul up any extra fuel to use for landing. So can the Falcon 9 for the boundary cases where it needs that extra throw, but how often does that happen? Even reusable, it's got comparable capabilities to LEO as the Atlas V and the published numbers for Vulcan. The actual cost of the fuel is infinitesimal compared to keeping the rocket. &gt; Parachutes and an inflatable cone are probably cheaper than landing legs, grid fins, re-ignitable highly-throttleable engines, etc They already have the highly-throttleable engines (which they developed for a fraction of what ULA and NASA predicted). The landing legs are reusable, as are grid fins and all the rest and even with 'all this expensive hardware' the Falcon 9 is still much cheaper to build than the Atlas V and, it's looking, like the Vulcan will likely be so this lends no weight to your argument. Landing gear costs a lot of money in jetliners, but they certainly offer compelling advantages over the alternative. &gt; Tank section doesn't have to be built as robustly, saving weight If they have the same or equivalent payload to orbit, who cares? The game is access to space, not an aluminum wall measuring contest. &gt; Using an inflatable heat shield means the engines don't have to endure a butt-first reentry, which might reduce the wear on them and allow for more energetic reentry profiles They've successfully landed stages that performed GTO injections so... what's the point? If they can re-use those stages too, that'll be a pretty solid arrow in this argument too. &gt; More margin for error on reentry targeting since the helicopter can chase the engines down if they're a little off. I don't understand the benefit here. The propulsive landing technology SpaceX and Blue Origin are pursuing gives them 1 meter accuracy. What's the point of this argument?
Tory Bruno has described the development cost of the Vulcan as around [$2 billion](http://spacenews.com/ulas-parent-companies-still-support-vulcan-with-caution/) which is quite a bit more than has been [spent on the Falcon 9](http://www.parabolicarc.com/2011/05/31/nasa-analysis-falcon-9-cheaper-traditional-approach/) (an article from 2011, but that was major design-to-flight and it's been profitably flown on each test since). Usually the comparison would have no place here, but as the Vulkan's recovery method is being described as a method for 'saving development cost' it is a statement that cannot exist in a vacuum and must be considered against the system that's being cited as 'more costly'.
If you're pushing Chinese propaganda then... it kinda is, and kinda deserves some response.
Any evidence? Your post seems to imply that the hundreds or thousands killed by the troops 'deserved it' and happens to match the Chinese government's propaganda. You're the only one downvoting here, I'm honestly interested in learning more but what you're saying doesn't seem to jibe with reputable sources so I'm not sure where the disconnect is.
&gt; Or indeed that the initial violence occurred when a troop carrier was attacked and the soldiers were set on fire and strung up. You continue to not provide any citation to this as requested by many folks. It's a big claim, if you're not able to find evidence *even just for yourself* then it might be time to examine some of the information you accept as fact. If you say it's from chinese you studied with, consider the possibility that unless they were there, they got their information from the famously biased chinese government that initially claimed nothing even happened.
They're YOUR WORDS. What is the alternate interputation of "the initial violence occurred when" line from your message? You clearly blame the protesters for starting the violence.
None of your sources say any such thing re order of operations. What's wrong with you?
Mir and several Salyuts were fueled on-orbit too.
In the 60s, we were going to be on Mars in the 80s. Expectations vs. reality are a hell of a thing.
Hamming it up for the camera?
I love mine, but if you buy one be SUPER careful to verify that you are ordering the BLUETOOTH version. There is one that looks incredibly similar but uses a USB dongle and it's so close that some retailers can even mix them up. I know this from experience, they once shipped the dongle version to me by accident even though the order was explicitly for the Bluetooth version.
Fair enough, after all isn't their motto *Ad Astra Per Animis*?
You may find this interesting reading to start off: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NASA_spin-off_technologies
After reading that person's hangups on sex, I guess it makes sense why there's only **one** Jonto.
Maybe I'm signaling dures-$)%# NO CARRIER
Is it a... snake?
Not if ya get there via SRD
I can't quite follow why anyone wouldn't wait until we were closer to 2020 unless they were looking to get specific functionality. The prices will drop, the capability will improve, the selection will increase... I don't get it. What benefit to be an early adopter, especially if you're flying w/ stratux?
That's upwards of 30% of the possible payload of the rocket, not 30% compared to any expendable rocket. Note that with the Falcon 9, for example, the LEO capability of the rocket is significantly higher than the equivalent Atlas V 401 even when flown reusably. You can't make these statements in a vacuum, you've gotta really look at the big picture. SpaceX can deliver more to orbit AND recover the rocket, so even if the maximum payload of the Falcon 9 goes down when the rocket's re-used, who cares? You're potentially able to re-use that rocket again without building a new one.
Disappointing that they're streaming at 360p, especially when compared to their beautiful 60fps pre-launch videos. Anyone know if there's an HD stream hiding somewhere?
\#EXTM3U \#EXT-X-STREAM-INF:PROGRAM-ID=1,BANDWIDTH=348928,RESOLUTION=320x180,CODECS="avc1.4d400d,mp4a.40.2" http://cmc-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/201845/launch/01.m3u8 \#EXT-X-STREAM-INF:PROGRAM-ID=1,BANDWIDTH=553472,RESOLUTION=320x180,CODECS="avc1.4d4015,mp4a.40.2" http://cmc-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/201845/launch/02.m3u8 \#EXT-X-STREAM-INF:PROGRAM-ID=1,BANDWIDTH=759520,RESOLUTION=640x360,CODECS="avc1.4d401e,mp4a.40.2" http://cmc-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/201845/launch/03.m3u8 \#EXT-X-STREAM-INF:PROGRAM-ID=1,BANDWIDTH=965568,RESOLUTION=640x360,CODECS="avc1.4d401e,mp4a.40.2" http://cmc-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/201845/launch/04.m3u8 Feeling adventurous?
Replying to my own, looks like there's higher res streams available as you increment. I pulled up 05.m3u8 and got a 768 x 432 for example.
I did a little digging, they've got unpublished m3u8s at higher resolution. Just view source, do a base64 decode on the value= block for the webcast.aspx element and it gives you (among other things) the m3u8 stream director at http://cmc-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/201845/launch/index-launch.m3u8. Download that and you'll see that they've got 01.m3u8, 02.m3u8 etc up to 4 listed there with different resolutions and bitrates that correspond to the options in the webplayer. 05.m3u8 got stream data and when I plugged it into WMP (on my work machine, not at home) it pulled up a higher resolution (almost 480p) 16:9 stream so the data's out there.
Only higher one I got was the one in 05.m3u8 and while it's better than 360p, it's still not quite HD. :)
Yup! Ah, sigh...
Thanks! Loran C? Sounds like you could use one of these too to put in that part of the panel. Heck, you might pick up a knot too from the weight difference alone. :D
Thanks! It uses a 16,000mah USB Anker battery. It'll run for about 10-12 hours on that I think, and I can always run the USB cable over to the lighter adapter if I find myself short.
Thanks!
Nice! I landed in Death Valley once, I passed -50 MSL on the way in. Photo on the ramp w/ correct altimeter settings: http://i.imgur.com/VVZeUGf.jpg
They paint to forget. ...or remember, I can't recall. I should re-read it. Great book. The album should show the RaspPi is mounted on standoffs behind the panel and the antennas have cables that can allow placement up on the dash. They're about a meter long so not too far away, but I can tuck them around some corners to keep it from looking too wacky.
Good idea, I should probably put this in the album notes too: http://m.aliexpress.com/item/32314250806.html?productId=32314250806&amp;productSubject=30fps-5-inch-LCD-HDMI-Touch-Screen-Display-TFT-LCD-Panel-Module-Shield-840-480-for&amp;tracelog=wwwdetail2mobilesitedetail It was the most pain free screen I've gotten for my pi, I've used a couple of GPIO ones that were a huge pain in the ass to get working on anything other than the provided factory image (which was always one or two major OS revisions behind everyone else).
Thanks! Live long and prosper.
According to the last devnote from a few days ago, yes.
Ya gotta include mention of his later thoughts on SpaceX specifically then: "[Russia will never catch up to the United States in the space race](http://innerspace.net/russian-space/russian-space-minister-program-will-never-catch-up-to-spacex-innovation/)"
&gt; especially if it means that the first crew will likely die up there Whoa, where'd this come from? What are you talking about?
It doesn't seem... as good of a place as it was 6 months or a year ago. To me, it feels like there's a new undercurrent of weird anger rolling around beneath the usual charm. I can't put my finger on it, but I keep getting this hostile borderline 'Squad sucks' vibe lately that we didn't have even during some of the crashiest or longest un-patched stretches of the past. Is this leftover from the intern drama? Or is a small group of people really having big problems with the current version? I can't tell if I'm the exception (current version, tons of mods, yet it's more stable than ever) or if it's the people with the big probs that are just really really vocal (and occasionally mean). I'm ready for a reality check, but... I think this sub was closer to that perfect ideal at some point in the past and it feels a little fragile/brittle now.
If you can use a $1 Sharpie to destroy the Mona Lisa, I guess you could use a $20 knife to do something pretty bad too. BTW, was it really $83K? I thought it was $8,300.
[My favorite comment related to this](https://www.reddit.com/r/sex/comments/3lief6/kinkhad_to_share_humour_is_always_appreciated_in/cv6q20j).
The volumetric properties of hydrogen cause this. Even though it's skinnier, the Falcon Heavy will put 22,200kg to GTO compared to Delta IV Heavy's 14,220kg to same. D-IV has better upper stage so it's not a straight across comparison, but it's a good demonstration of how fluffy hydrogen is compared to kerosene. :)
You read the new 'FAQ' thread and devs answers yet? How's your defense feel? I mean hey, I'm just an iOS developer so what do I know when it comes to being able to recognize a con/hopelessly naive downgrade pre-announcement? This is too-kek.
Sure, but if they've removed half a million pounds of material from it so far are we sure it's structurally able to take the shaking? Complete RSS might be under different rules is all I'm sayin'
The article seems confident CRS-9 will fly before SHERPA. Has a NET for that Vandie launch leaked anywhere yet? Or is it a (possibly well founded) guess on nasaspaceflight's part?
&gt; Imagine living in a world where bags of chips are bigger than your torso. Yes, I have a Costco membership.
Yes, so you end up with a combination of short tests and large vacuum reservoirs. I have a vague memory of reading about a vacuum engine test facility that evacuated the air from a network of caves for exactly this purpose, and it took a LONG time to prepare. Anyone know what facility I'm thinking of? Assuming it's not the product of some fevered dream, that is…
"Oh, one more thing..." [giant Cydia logo appears] 😸
30k comment karma? Reddit gold?! How can I get in on THAT sweet action? My dreams, could they be within reach?
Right? This is how I visualize them when they say "[Females](http://i.imgur.com/3UEJEHr.png)".
The Pink Pistols are dedicated to the legal, safe, and responsible use of firearms for self-defense of the sexual-minority community. We don't believe it is the right of those who hate and fear gay, lesbian, bi, trans, or polyamorous persons to use us as targets for their rage. Self-defense is our right. The mathematics of hate favor the murderous when their victims are unarmed. I've been a member for years and support the work of this organization. To put my money where my mouth is, I posted on my Facebook page that I'll help any of my LGBTQ friends who want to attend a gun safety class with financial assistance. Just owning a gun isn't enough, *safely* owning and operating it is vital. Throwing that out as an idea for others to consider if you want to help in your own circles. Let's do what we can prevent something like this from happening ever again.
Nobody attached to SpaceX has said that publicly. It's a big deal and really complicated, so I'd be pretty skeptical about that making the first window.
You need the fuel to get TO the transfer orbit, so 'meeting them partway' doesn't make sense nor does it do anything but increase risk. Not only that, but you lose tremendous amounts of usable fuel if you're going to recover the refueler upper stage back for re-use. There is not a single positive I can imagine for your scenario, and it doesn't compute because the vast majority of the fuel that's to be gotten for refueling is needed for the initial burn itself. Also, docking on orbit is a solved problem. This is not 1961.
Elegant? Keep the MCT behind a parasol shade. If anything, you'll need to *heat* the propellant then. That's it, there's probably no reason to keep it densified after TMI, there will be plenty of room in the tanks for boiloff-adjacent methane and LOX.
Keep in mind that even for Vandenberg launches, the core is shipped to Texas for testing first.
On iOS they have a NASA Television app with live view from ISS and a schedule of covered events, I bet it exists on other platforms too.
Helium can be manufactured industrially, though at a much higher cost then the old "hook a pipe into the correct rock and start sucking" method. It will always be available for mission-critical applications like MRIs and, presumably, rockets. That said, SpaceX's CEO mentioned that their next rocket family will use heated methane boil off to pressurize the fuel tanks. I don't know if this will completely replace helium (can you use the same technique for the oxygen tanks w LOX?) but it's sure an interesting Innovacion along these lines.
They think their September launch is next SpaceX from Vandie? I wonder if they know something about SHERPA/Formosat.
ALL THESE SUBS ARE YOURS EXCEPT EUROPA ATTEMPT NO RACIST SHITPOSTING THERE
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Alicia Murphy has a Periscope up of the launch for those of us with a bunch of simultaneous streams from different viewpoints: https://www.periscope.tv/murphypak/1MnxnzqLyoYxO Yes, some of you are super duper sophisticated and critical of her commentary or her son but it's a live view that she's putting up so be cool.
It is, it's the satellite linkup that gets disrupted from the vibration.
No, there's another S2 burn coming up.
&gt; There was less sarcasm for the sake of sarcasm. With respect, I reject your narrative right along with the elitism. Lighten up.
Ha! Fair enough, it's getting harder and harder to come up with new ridiculous 'obvious SpaceX ideas', heh. Hard to beat the 'obvious' giant robot arm, of course.
Not with THAT attitude, you don't.
Is making acrylic cases a thing people want? I've got a laser (I made [my own wacky case](http://imgur.com/a/mAhAR) last week, but can be more practical) if anyone can think of a niche in stratux-casedom that isn't being served.
I'm an Oregon pilot and I've flown through that area a bunch of times. From the drone's perspective, it looks like he's actually inside the [Class C airspace](http://vfrmap.com/?type=vfrc&amp;lat=45.589&amp;lon=-122.597&amp;zoom=10) for PDX meaning he's within 5 miles. Flying within 5 miles of an airport like that's a big no-no legally with the FAA. Don't know if they were seeking enforcement action back when this was posted, but I think the multicopter community can probably thank folks like him (and his DJI Phantom, I'm confident to guess) for the regulations that DO exist.
If you know of some ground that's a few hundred miles easy of Cape Canaveral, you're gonna be *rich*.
&gt; You're either actually suicidal *or being a little overly dramatic* If you're talking to someone who's suicidal, suggesting that they may be acting 'dramatic' is dangerous and can make a bad situation worse. May I request as a fellow human that you consider this in the future?
You're hurting real people in real pain. Please try to find your humanity.
My experience was hard-won over a few years by being with someone who has treatment resistant depression with suicidal ideation. I made so many mistakes and I don't claim to have all the answers, but I've learned some things along the way that I hope make me less likely to accidentally hurt the people I love when they're struggling with this kind of situation. If you post that someone who says they feel suicidal 'might be overly dramatic', you're putting them on the defensive. If they're suicidal then this is a recipe for a lot of pain and possibly death. I don't know how to write this more clearly. Suicidal thoughts can be deeply painful and confusing and can represent a mental state where death is an escape route for an unbearable situation. If you put more pressure on them (like implying that they're just being dramatic) then they may, like a watermelon seed being squeezed from a bunch of directions, take that escape route. You don't have to accuse someone of being dramatic to put them in this situation, so maybe don't focus on that. Take a look at your message I responded to and see that you specifically are *suggesting* that maybe that's an option. If they're suicidal, that suggestion might feel like an accusation whether or not you meant it. Your post reminds me a lot of me before I had this multi-year experience with someone struggling with depression. I thought some cheerful 'atta girls' mixed with some basic 'common sense' advice of the caliber you're giving were what was needed and it just made things worse. I tried to learn from each mistake and while I can't claim to have all the answers, I think I'm a little less likely to unwittingly cause pain now than I was a few years ago. I hope you'll consider the possibility that you've got some learning too and consider this: if suicide was an easy problem to solve, there'd probably be a lot less of it.
4 landings, and not yet. They're in it for the long run and can afford to be careful.
What idiocy? This guy is making tickets reusable where his competition throws them in the ocean. He's also trying to switch everyone to electric cars (Tesla), get off non-renewable power (SolarCity), and bring about electric high speed transit (Hyperloop) so we move away from polluting trains. Why do you think this guy is part of the problem?
But... their payload made it to orbit. This was a the experimental landing that happened afterwards, every single other launch company just drops these into the ocean without even trying. What are you talking about?
It sounds as if you were not on the launch thread yesterday when the comments that made this discussion necessary occurred. This is not something that came out of the blue, there were some really creepy comments yesterday.
I'm not sure where you get the idea that this is aimed only at men, it's just that the example yesterday happened to be men being pretty creepy at a woman presenter. Sounds like the mods worked with a specific situation as their basis, but I see nothing in the rules that indicates this is part of some 'Women vs. Men' struggle, more of a struggle against folks sexualizing others in this subreddit.
Oh! I didn't mean to come across as snarky, I was trying to make a joke. I think I failed at conveying tone in my text, my apologies.
Trump is [The Mule](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mule_\(Foundation\)). He couldn't be predicted, he works via emotion, and his ambition is just yuuuuuge.
There's a long story that I've written somewhere and will try to dig up about a time when I almost died on May 1, 2009 because of a dumb chain of poor decisions on my part. The part relevant to this is that after I escaped from being trapped in a canyon in the hills South East of Redding by descending clouds, I burst out into the Central Valley and beelined towards the nearest airport, Red Bluff. The whole way there, I had to fly a wild crabbing angle to compensate for this steady high wind heading north. Flying downwind at Red Bluff I was moving across the ground at almost 140kts. Turning base and final took me further and further from the airport because I was being blown north. Finally, I was established on final. Setting up for a normal landing with the speed trimmed back and my track across the ground slowed almost completely to a halt. I was descending in place. I powered up and was hovering there. It was ridiculous. I ended up pulling back the trim to cruise again and powering up like I was in cruise flight. Took a few minutes to work my way up to the threshold. Landed, ended up avoiding 90 degree turns on taxi and parked it into the wind. It was absolutely nutters. The wind was steady right down the runway, but it was enough. I was lucky it wasn't gusting, then that would have finished what my original bad decisions started.
There are old-space &amp; ULA fans who really believe this. Not all of them, of course, but plenty.
Do you have a source for any of these? No.
Or, let me guess, a giant robot arm? Or a 'simple' hydraulic self-leveling platform? Or a giant ball pit? These ideas are no doubt well intended, but seem pretty out of touch with the mechanical realities of a thin-walled delicate rocket that's literally taller than the statue of liberty.
&gt; 15% of the fuel weighs out to be around 100,000lbs, or 60,000kg. Compared to a payload capacity of only 20,000. You aren't assuming a 1:1 translation of first stage unused fuel and lost payload to orbit, are you? It's much lower per the Tsiolkovsky Rocket Equation. To pull numbers from my butt to demonstrate the concept, ten kilos of first stage fuel might allow for one kilo of payload to orbit, depending on where it stages. That ratio can change a lot based on staging speed, with the Falcon it's pretty extreme in the other direction because the Falcon 9 stages slower than most rockets. Atlas V is moving like twice as fast, for example.
I don't know where the failure in communication is here, I'm asking to learn more about the specific statement that uber drivers have been caught downloading stuff off their passenger's phones via wifi. I don't think this is a crazy request, if there really was a 'big story' about it I'd love to learn more. Edit: Here's the quote again: &gt; Was a huge article about it last week, some uber drivers been caught downloading information from your phone via the WiFi acces... /u/Torbax wrote the above, and I just said I'd like to read that story.
I don't understand where the aggro is coming from. I'm an IT professional who has been in the industry for 20 years. I travel in the capacity of my job, I understand wireless security and the risks of MitM attacks on unencrypted communication (which is why I mentioned HTTPS and would like to add VPNs to the list of useful tools for reducing risk on a malicious access point) and I get it. Now, the poster wrote very specifically: &gt; Was a huge article about it last week, some uber drivers been caught downloading information from your phone via the WiFi acces... I just want to read the 'huge article' so I was asking for a link. I want to learn more about the specific methods used. Why are you upset with this?
I wrote an RFID access control system that's being used today at the Maker Space I'm a member of. Since I've already written one, I don't quite know how to answer your questions here because it really feels like it's designed for potential customers, and I suppose I'm my own vendor in this instance. Good luck with whatever it is you're doing, if you decide to make one of these. Mine uses a MySQL backend, a serial RFID reader via GPIO, and has a responsive web interface so people can manage their accounts at the space with their phones. Don't know if I have that helps, but it's working well for us. Oh, and (configurable individually for privacy) tweets whenever someone arrives at the shop. I thought that was neat.
&gt; I can still see the first stage jumping back up and hitting the second. (boop) But seriously, what a remarkable trip this has been, I can't wait to see what comes next.
When you say their orbital launch vehicles will reach reusability faster, do you mean before SpaceX or in less overall time? Both seem unlikely considering that they started years before SpaceX and SpaceX is planning to refly the CRS-8 first stage booster later this year.
When they fly a capsule with windows, an internal camera looking out would be pretty spectacular too.
&gt; Its just a big cold gas thruster IIRC, no flame I don't think that's accurate, from what I remember the capsule uses a solid rocket to fire a fraction of a second before landing (which is what kicks up the huge dust cloud). The cold-gas stuff is for the RCS.
Maybe that's why Delta IVs are so expensive. Banners aren't free... :P I wonder how mission-banners would fit with Musk's apparent "make it cheap and routine" approach.
Nice find! Some minor trivia: The docking system used was mechanically similar to the APAS-95 system later used for Shuttle-Mir and then Shuttle-ISS. The two spacecraft had incompatible environmental systems so it also served as an airlock between the two.
I have nothing to contribute but praise, this is a fucking brilliant and novel question. Well done.
It's right in the neighborhood, I think there's not enough public info available yet. Vacuum Isp? Fuel quantity? Dry weight? If we had this stuff we could figure it out, I think about 4.5km/s is needed to LMO from the surface.
I think you may like this: http://www.wadenelson.com/gimli.html
Here's one that I made in a box, and I used little pieces of aviation wire to lock the "islands" in place: http://i.imgur.com/NppLR8C.jpg The paint goes around the wires (I laser cut the stencil from quarter inch wood so there's space underneath the wire) nicely.
Could that be a shroud that goes over a filler attachment maybe? If it's from Gemini, then the Titan II is a non-cryogenic rocket so maybe that's not it. Sure gives me a 'heat or cold insulative shroud that's part of ground handling equipment' vibe to me.
He's like.... the Chewbacca Mom of helicopter-landing videos.
Excellent!
Maybe that's why the poster you 'corrected' specified LM's that made it to the surface?
Technically correct, the best kind of correct. ^(^^^think ^^^orbits)
No more than having an AK makes someone a Muslim *extremist*. You missed the highlighted word.
Are you poultry?
&gt; killed in the name of atheism Wouldn't you agree the USSR is a better example of killing in the name of communism, though? Holy Warriors are explicitly doing what they do for religion. Edit: Howdy, holy Reddit warriors!
Six word story: "Vowels!", it begged Wales before starving.
So you're the one who ever has been so far as to do look more like?
&gt; Is Disney really teaching kids about ass-to-mouth? [Is it really that big of a... stretch?](https://ruiningdisney.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/beads.jpg)
Interesting, I didn't think the difference would be that big. I appreciate the followup, and I'll update my expectations appropriately.
I believe this falls under Hitchen's Razor: "What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence." Find evidence if you wish to be taken seriously, and acknowledge any evidence refuting your theory if you also want to be respected. Edit: grammar, and speling
Not at all, AC 20-62E covers this under owner fabricated parts.
I love it. It flies nice, it's mechanically simpler than many other planes I've flown, and there's a lot of them out there so parts and mechanical experience are easy to find when needed. I also like the view. When I fly overwing (like a Cessna), I get the same feeling I get when I'm sitting on a porch (minus the smell of the grill, ideally).
&gt; I sped read the title and got "I'm laser cutting my way towards cockpit" and was very concerned. [This is how I visualized that](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHfLyMAHrQE#t=3m38s). Concern under those circumstances would be super valid.
I do, and I'm the one that's gotta stare at it! I'll be working on that next. It's like a dead pixel, I didn't notice it until I really looked at it, now I can't stop noticing.
&gt; Ah, if you have those certs then you know a lot more than me. Looks great! Oh! I don't have them, but my mechanic guy does, and he's involved in making sure I stay on the up-and-up! Sorry, I must have worded that poorly, me type real pretty good englush I guess.
Right on! It's a blast. Funny story, I ended up terrified on my first flight but I'd told everyone at work I was doing it so when they asked the next day, I played all cool and was like "It was neat". Then they asked when my next lesson was. "Uh... tomorrow?" That's when I realized I'd accidentally peer-pressured *myself*. Thankfully, something clicked halfway through the next lesson and after that it was just... just amazing. So tell everyone before you start! Maybe you won't need it, but also maybe future you will thank past you for pulling one over on in-between you.
It's not rated for spins, one thing that I think makes the Cherokee a little sub-optimal for training, but the recovery techniques I used in a Cessna (got checked out in a 172 after I got my ticket) should work. And thanks!
Right?! It's a feature of that Troll Intercom apparently, and it's really nice. I love tooling along on a cross-country trip with music playing. It's not loud enough to interfere with radio calls (and consequently isn't great for audiobooks), but it's sure a nice way to travel. I've got a $20 bluetooth adapter plugged into it so it auto-pairs with my phone.
Lots of room for improvement still in the panel, no doubt about it. And the traditional spelling of kjdfchbghj is 'Transponder' in this case. :P
Sure! Here's a nose-shot I've got handy, I'll see if I have any more elsewhere: http://i.imgur.com/PA6hUYd.jpg
Yes, and I love it! It's great to have some music going when I'm flying. It's not really loud enough to interfere with ATC and it makes the long stretches of nothing fly by. We mostly listen to crackly radio chatter when we have passengers to impress, don't tell anyone.
It's totally true. That it took me **9 years** to do anything.
Any time I listen to that song (it's actually on my phone, heh) I can't shake the idea that the voices on the radio near the end are the Muppets.
Thanks!
Here's an older shot: http://i.imgur.com/WaUf2xi.jpg Imagine that with this nose: http://i.imgur.com/PA6hUYd.jpg
Here's an older shot: http://i.imgur.com/WaUf2xi.jpg Imagine that with this nose: http://i.imgur.com/PA6hUYd.jpg
Whether or not it's required, a new W&amp;B once in a while is a good idea anyways, the relation between what's pasted in the POH and the actual flying plane can change so much over the years as stuff is removed and added. When you see that your last one was done a couple decades earlier, for instance, you gotta know it's of shaky providence at best. :P
Ain't nobody got time for that.
&gt; Nice work! You should cross-post to r/flying! Thanks, maybe I will!
Even without clicking I knew exactly where this link would go. :P Fantastic sequence, the flying in that was top notch. The judgment of the CHARACTER, now... engine rebuilds are crazy expensive.
Thanks for the tip! Someone else just mentioned that too, I'm wondering how well it will survive a hot day but either way, sounds like a great thing to try.
I actually got it off a SimPit site. I used 'F16 Panel Font' from http://www.simpits.org/fileproc/showfiles.php, but I think it's the MS-33558 milspec font by another name.
Good idea re: printing it out and lining it up, that's how I got the bolt patterns themselves. The real problem came later when I realized the original panel wasn't squared to the bottom of the panel. THAT'S when it got tricky!
I love it! It's been super dependable, has taken my wife and I on some cool adventures, and I think my kids will learn to fly in it. Love that plane.
Ouch! Sorry to hear that, might be worth checking out your local EAA chapter. Might be IAs that are members there who'd be able to answer the same questions.
Nail polish works? I'll give it a shot next time, thanks!
It's a ULS 2.30, 30 watt laser with an enclosed 16x12" bed. It doesn't have air-assist but it still does great stuff.
I can't keep my hands off it. Well, almost literally, I gotta hit it if I want to talk to other folks on the radio or hear myself sing the song from Portal while I'm flying.
Hey, thanks! I hope my kids will have good memories of the time we spend in this one, hopefully they'll pursue learning to fly too!
It definitely does, but like I've mentioned to a couple other folks, I've had this handle online for almost a quarter century. Basically, I can probably never run for Senator because of all the dumb stuff I've said over the years but the cat's out of the analogy by now.
Right on, happy to help!
Eh, I've posted pics of my plane before so as Benjamin Franklin famously wrote: "#yolo"
It's on the list (well, both are, whichever ends up looking best will be the final 'it'), thanks!
Very possibly re: music, if they have it too loud or are lost in their own world I could see that happening. It's a shame, VFR's got a reputation problem with ATC and we've gotta work double hard to make up for the folks that make the rest of us look bad. On behalf of my fellow fineweather fellows, apologies for the guys who are sloppy on the radio or following directions.
Yep, but I've posted plenty of personal info over the almost 25 years I've had this handle online so that Owl has flown the rookery.
No parachute, but the myth that the plane just falls out of the sky isn't really accurate. It'll still glide, an engine going out just means you're DEFINITELY landing now. Whenever I fly, I keep some situational awareness around me for fields and roads. I plan my flights with airports in mind too so I can stop for restroom or food breaks as needed and by planning my legs to roughly approximate a good density of airports, I add more emergency landing spots along the way. Barring that, there's always roads. Might break the plane but with luck my passengers and I would be ok. Frankly, jumping out with a parachute sounds scarier to me than gliding the plane somewhere while debugging whatever went wrong along the way.
&gt; Where's the on/on switch for chemtrails? I put that elsewhere: http://imgur.com/a/mAhAR
Not a bad idea, I think I'll be checking out some catalogs.
Sure, but I've been identifiable under this online handle for about 25 years so that horse is out of the burning barn.
I'm doomed!
I've done all sorts of things in it, and my flying isn't even in the top 5 of the most objectionable ones. Based out of 77S, I say it "can do the Creswell run in 5.3 miles" to a very small group of people who recognize my airport name and are into Star Wars references.
I'd rather send them to their local Maker Spaces, there's so many cool things we can do if we have access to the right tools and these community workshops are an excellent way to make that happen!
:D You may have access to a local shop that can set you up, google your city and 'Maker Space'!
It was all about aesthetics, but no argument re: the keming issues.
Nobody's gonna read this comment this deep into the post so I can answer, but... yep. On an unrelated note, did you know you can pull out the front passenger seat (as long as you have and updated weight &amp; balance onboard) making a big open floor space that reaches to the bench seat in back? Airplanes are neat.
&gt; And, nice work on the faceplate, too. Thanks!
Thanks! Part of that may be poor focus from my camera, heh, but that's still super nice to say.
Were my plane a llama, the tailcone would be thoroughly whipped.
Hells yes! Bopping along at 8.5k on a long cross-country leg with some Loop Guru or Orbital or Bert Kaempfert is heaven.
Nope, but I've heard of folks doing stuff like that. There was a great episode of Planet Money recently where they were talking about people using Deleware corps for plane registrations and also shell corporations in places like Belize. They set one up to see what it was like and called it 'UnBelizeable'. I can't beat that, so guess I'll just have to shoulder all the liability myself. :P
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I play music all the time, most of my flying is VFR without being 'in the system' so it's nice to play jazz or electronic music while I'm bopping around or practicing maneuvers for proficiency or whatnot.
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I've never seen an AC on paint colors, but I sure bet there are some combinations that would be less desirable than others. They typically are more interested in things that affect flight, or are made of possibly dangerous materials. There's test documentation for tons of materials out there to indicate what their status is for use in aircraft, from base elements like metals to specific cloth and foams.
Super thanks!
It was indeed, loved that episode.
Holy shit.
&gt; Where's the chem-trails switch? Here: http://imgur.com/a/mAhAR
Awesome, and thank you! I've got so much to learn, I was really making it up as I went but I have no doubt it could look 10x better with the right materials and techniques! Will do, and thanks again!
For the removed seat, the trick is to either have a friend who's a pilot or pilot for the right friends. :D
My ears like it too!
Oh gosh no, it's just an extra sense but I don't call traffic unless I see it with my Mk I eyeballs!
Now that's what I call an Immelman Martini, if you know what I mean.
Not at all, I spent $34k for mine back in 2007 and prices have actually gone down a little since. Here's an AMA I did in 2010 with lots of answers: https://www.reddit.com/comments/amt0d/iama_middleclass_private_pilot_with_my_own_plane/ Hope that helps!
Nose: http://i.imgur.com/PA6hUYd.jpg The rest of the plane (pre-nose update): http://i.imgur.com/WaUf2xi.jpg
Nicely done! I've had good luck with the paper towel, it was just the wider text that it didn't work well with because it rubbed away the paint in the middle of the bigger areas.
Nose: http://i.imgur.com/PA6hUYd.jpg The rest of the plane (pre-nose update): http://i.imgur.com/WaUf2xi.jpg
&gt; We used to use white paint sticks to fill in the engraving--surely they are still available? Probably! I'm just a hobbyist, I didn't know about those but I'll hit google! There've been a lot of great tips in the thread, I've learned a lot!
&gt; Thanks, and happy... (some day I'll learn what one pilot says to another pilot) "Happy Lief Ericcson Day"! No, that's not right. From experience, 'Happy Friday' works about 1/7th of the time (the rest of the time it gets me weird looks).
Likewise! With the bottom panel square, I'll be working my way upwards to improve things going forward.
&gt; So... is there a name for this font? It's MS33558 (that's the milspec #) or 'F16 Panel Font' at http://www.simpits.org/fileproc/showfiles.php The stylized italic I used for 'The Aluminum Falcon' is Harlow.
http://i.imgur.com/PA6hUYd.jpg
I actually DID use that technique to get the hole patterns, the problem was that the original was hand-cut and wasn't square! That's where it got tricky. Thanks, though! It's a good tip!
I can't remember! I got it back in maybe 2008 and it's ANR, but it's not a super expensive one. I think it's something like.... an AV450? That sounds kinda right, but I can't find it googling. Plane's at the airport so I can't just look at it, sorry!
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Just googled it, looks great! Only problem, our 30 watt CO2 laser can't cut it. But we do have a CNC mill, maybe there's a way I can use both (the laser for etching, the mill for cutting) in future projects? Hmm, I'll have to look into this more. Thanks!
Nice! That's from a trip I took in November 2007. In fact, here's a picture I took about 5 minutes before that pic: http://chairboy.imgur.com/all/
I did my PPL training in Santa Monica, but I don't have my A&amp;P or IA, I did this work under the oversight of someone else. Being the owner, I can actually fabricate some things for my plane that nobody else can because of the complicated rules around this sort of thing. A few years ago, my A&amp;P walked me through fabricating a cowling connector from sheet aluminum and with a riveter and stuff. Even though he's got decades of experience and I was a hopeless newb, the law is what it is so I did the work and he inspected it.
Did they just say the burn was anomalous because of a fuel mixture issue on the RL-10?
The wait is nuts, I've tried a couple times but I'm not up for 30 minute waits if I can avoid it. But maybe it's time to try again, thanks for the recommendation! (Bonus, they're almost next door to the Arcimoto factory, you never know when you'll see one of the wild…)
That's a pretty low risk, Apple doesn't change those willy-nilly so incompatibilities, while they happen occasionally, are pretty uncommon. Source: am ex-iOS dev
Wow, the next season of Doc Martin is going to be brutal.
&gt; If you're sending something up it's usually about the same price to send up a new one rather than a robot to try to fix the old one. Landsat 8 cost something like $850 million to launch, and that was with an Atlas V which even at the highest costs would probably be less than a quarter of the cost of the entire project. Today, a $60-90 million Falcon 9 could potentially put a tender next to it, so that tender would sure need to cost a fuckton of money to be 'the same as just replacing it'. It's possible you're underestimating how much some of these birds cost at the same time you're failing to take into consideration the continuing drop in cost of launchers in that class. Today, even an expendable Falcon 9 costs a third of what an equivalent Atlas V from Landsat 8's launch would and that's at DoD pricing. If maintenance operations can be done on orbit from a technical perspective, the economics may *already* support that as the better path and there's still lower prices coming down the pipe for getting stuff up the hill.
If the SRBs were jettisoned from the shuttle while burning, they would have incinerated the vehicle as they passed.
Would you support a law requiring labeling of any good good packaged by gays or non-caucasians? There's as much scientific basis for either causing harm; namely none.
Nope, the exhaust from the solid boosters was far too hot and abrasive. According to NASA, it was not expected that the orbiter would survive passing through the exhaust of SRBs and they produced far too much thrust for the Separation Rockets to push them enough off course to avoid that. Is it excerpt from the Wikipedia article on shuttle abort modes: &gt; Once the shuttle's SRBs were ignited, the vehicle was committed to liftoff. If an event requiring an abort happened after SRB ignition, it was not possible to begin the abort until after SRB burnout and separation about two minutes after launch. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Space_Shuttle_abort_modes The protection provided by the ceramic tiles on the belly of the spacecraft wouldn't have helped the sides and front of the orbiter which would quickly receive the brunt of the blast either.
&gt; ALL TV episodes and movies are canon, whether you like them or not. Except "Threshold".... ...please?
"It's not about being a cheapskate, see, it's actually about the ethics of regional social etiquette/customs." I started writing the above as a parody of the disingenuous GG excuses and ended up accidentally summarizing 80% of the no-tip folks. Whoops!
If you can save the post to review in a few years when you've grown a little, I bet it'll be pretty embarrassing.
It's less about 'defending those people' than trying to help you understand the terminology that confused you.
I'm not convinced we aren't living in the mirror universe.
Nice! I made this one a year ago. Less technically sophisticated and a little smaller, but... fire! https://youtube.com/watch?v=6IfdeFjFWT0
&gt; Other than the O-ring failure 20 years ago, That was 30 years ago. Source: I am old and remember when it happened. Sigh.
&gt; It's simpler and** cheaper** to put it up in the largest possible chunks. it is remarkable that you can even think of suggesting anything about SLS is cheaper than using Falcons or even Atlas Vs to build on orbit. Wow.
Absolutely! I just flew into the Seattle basin for the first time w/ stratux and it was an eye-opener. I've flown there plenty before and knew to keep my eye on a swivel, the ADS-B In services just showed me that I hadn't been seeing as much as I thought I did. It's a great tool, kinda like getting glasses.
Depends, could it be a mixed unit-of-measurement situation?
It was like a dozen of those doge dogs.
Or worse yet, they can be used (judo-like) to actually hurl you to the Darkside.
[Bernie's other reaction](http://giphy.com/gifs/reaction-v0eHX3n28wvoQ).
We are all Bernie on this blessed day.
(Catchy context: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxA0QVGVEJw)
