OR HAS IT NOT GONE TOO FAR ENOUGH?!1?
all the office will belong to u
it would be weird to be a dog. it would be like being just as horny as you were from ages 14 to, well, ever since, but you have to live in this amazing magical world and you can't comprehend how to interface with the internet to look up porn, and even if you could, the humans would be videotaping your triumph and putting it on the internet. its no wonder dogs resort to pillows, pillows are all they have
i recommend it
don't worry i will hack you back in time
tyler doesn't seem to post much
Ah ha! See a professional office is exactly the kind of place I think about hanging them.
Dammit tyler
yeah, schadenfreude is pretty much the name of that post. its just what i found when I googled items over the last year.
&gt; /r/conspiracy how... is... /r/conspiracy not actually a satire sub? I mean, really?
Well I've got you tagged as 'ALLEGEDLY INTERNET WOMAN' so I'm similarly withholding judgement until all the facts are in.
I've been partial to /r/ilerminaty
wow blatant ilerminaty
Of all the states, I'm the least sure of the existence of CT relative to all the others. Like, ok i'm sure its really an actual place and everything, but it seems sort of plausible that its all just really one big hoax.
*Ahem,* observable universe. If you do not share a [light cone](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Light_cone) with bernie sanders, you are physically incapable of knowing of him, let alone taking him seriously.
i am reasonably sure you are in fact cabbage, but that doesn't have much to do with conspiracy :)
I bet you're saucy.
I love accelerators getting a new small molecule crystallography beamline at the ALS gonna be so good
the soccer games get me every time... until the player wraps itself into a pretzel and phase shifts into the terrain.
amateur. stand one one leg and use the same leg to lift. never skip leg day
*peer reviews
zoinks!
nakka: what?
*thunder sound effect*
byurds use a cloaca so its really more of a pissy shit.
Her name is Incontinentia. *Incontinentia Buttocks*
cd-i
At the end of the day, aren't we all a little weird and douchy? Especially you, humble reader.
A fuckchuck would fuck as much chuck as a chuckfuck could if a fuckchuck would fuck chuck
can you comment on a woman who becomes pregnant after exposure?
you know dats right
half off, like the abayas.
Stalin killed millions in the hopes of killing just one man-- [you'l never believe who it is!](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)
This is a popular notion, really, but I've come to accept a different view. All these songs are so highly produced, they can work right into the ear and conciousness. Really catchy stuff-- what you don't like are the "artists" and the production style. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ez-apj-Od1I &lt; - anaconda bluegrass version https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzPGzGUNZbs &lt; - fancy in 1920s flapper https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBmCJEehYtU &lt; - lorde royals by a sad clown I really like the fancy cover but I really like this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJY83K3o670
wah u leckt him rong time
I certainly agree, but my childhood spent as a disciple of Mix-a-Lot's sermons on honesty and faith in the posterior, the contemporary tale of serpentine aversion to someone lacking baked goods truly speaks to my soul.
Pleasure to share coffee with you this morning :)
PongBob53
Oh we'll make you do it alright, and then we'll add additional citations for illegal turtle baiting and unsanctioned nonnutritive wildlife feeding.
This charge is based on an interpretation of bylaw 140 in the Fish and Game Warden's Citation Primer that denotes specific guidelines for what does and does not constitute nutritional feed. Since human bodyparts are not specifically cited on the list of items appropriate for wildlife feed, we can easily classify it as nonnutritive feed regardless of scientific understanding of dietary realities. Its about piling on charges, come on! Join the bandwagon! :)
you know thats right
I mean, 'absolutely amazed' is a stretch. It was really more of a "maybe it won't be too bad" to "lol" in 3 seconds
At the undergraduate level, Europe definitely wins out because of cost. However, the most competitive raiding guilds for epic-level STEM research is still in the US.
nice you look extremely well qualified for a postdoctoral opening in my lab please post your CV and your top 100 publications in the journal of santeria
I tend to shy away from the nature babies in general-- but sci rep... what are your thoughts on that journal? I don't read it much, but the collective atmosphere where I work is that its kind of a pay to publish journal.
"you study chemistry? what do you do?" "Well, I use molecu--" eyes glaze over Perhaps common sense to us is not so common afterall.
See, if that were an honest answer, I'd give it. I haven't blown anything up since my undergrad.
Run, rabbit, run Dig that hole, forget the sun, And when at last the work is done Don't sit down, it's time to dig another one For long you live and high you fly But only if you ride the tide And balanced on the biggest wave You race toward an early grave.
Twist: actually talking about meth
What about a minute with periods of heavy breathing and some mild drooling? That wraps back around to a compliment, right?
but rivers, those could be romantic too~ we could take a singing gondola ride through it
i think its totally rad
&gt; The same way Barack Obama's rise to the presidency as a Kenyan Manchurian candidate was predestined at birth and orchestrated by a clandestine group of evil global community organizers, American Pharoah was born and bred to be the first Triple Crown winner since 1978 at precisely this time in history. Why? To trick people into thinking about how cool the Triple Crown is and hey, why not give the president a chance to win his own Triple Crown ...!? We are now galloping on that slippery slope. &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232; im so glad this appears to be satire
ooo bodybuilding.com has some amazing new products
Its really an inflammation in the glans region that is holding it all together.
nah you guys got a whole mmo ^i ^am ^sorry ^for ^your ^lots
this is really more appropriate for /r/shittyshowerthoughts :)
[see this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Chemistry is the study of exceptions
This [video lecture series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-QA2rkpBSY), "Arithmetic, population, energy" is an excellent look at population and energy issues. Brilliant. "The greatest shortcoming of the human race is our inability to comprehend the exponential function." I strongly recommend everyone watch these videos as they are extremely interesting and informative. He also wears a bolo tie with is fucking pimp
All of humanity is brighter today because of your efforts. Much congratulation. Many wow.
Y ask y tri card sli
or did we not go too far enough?
ok wheres all the stuff on the ground come from. i don't have that. is there a setting? a mod? what am i missing? i want shit on the ground. if i want shit on the ground i have to put it there myself. very inefficient.
but its on a cup :/
it seems ridiculous at times, but institutionalized safety practices are extraordinarily valuable. These sorts of regulations tend to be put in place to prevent horrific accidents from being repeated in the future. "i didn't realize the truck had a nonstandard wheel base" crunnnch
its hard to tell whats silly banter on the internet, and whats real. if real, i strongly suggest, and i mean this in as nice a way as possible, that you seek professional help. your behaviors seem perfectly rational to you, but its getting weird, and this stuff can snowball and start affecting other parts of your life.
well yoire aware of the problem. i am not a specialist but i can say that you can leave a perfectly healthy, nearly bug free existence without the fixation. i dont remember the last time i touched one, and i dont even try. of course, california, so not many bugs. i wish you the best in your struggles and will hold out hope that you hold onto your knowledge that its internal, and that you seek out assistence to deal with it with highest regards, thiosk
I been workin' on the railroad http://www.politico.com/blogs/click/2012/04/perry-heard-singing-in-bathroom-predebate-119381.html whole source quoted here: &gt;A bad back doomed any chance Perry stood to break through. It became an open secret that he was using painkillers in sufficient dosages to keep him standing through the two-hour debates. The manager of a rival campaign was at a urinal in an empty bathroom in Hanover, New Hampshire, before the Bloomberg News debate on October 11, when he heard someone come through the door loudly singing “I’ve Been Working on the Railroad.” Wondering who was making all the noise, the campaign manager turned his head and saw, to his surprise, the governor of Texas. Perry came down the row of about twenty urinals and stood companionably close by. Nonplussed, the campaign manager made a hasty exit; as the bathroom door closed, he could hear Perry still merrily singing away: “I-I-I’ve been working on the ra-a-i-i-l-road, all-l-l the live-long day . . .”
"Nirvana is such a great band! I love the oldies"
Benghazi&gt;Bilderberg&gt;Ilerminaty
rub it out, though.
/╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\
I didn't think they could top last time. Its a shitshow.
RAW MILK ONLY
i got my land tapped by a baloth once. it was wonderful
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
runover by a car
mmm yes very astute. im a chemist, but my research program is entirely focused on bottom up design and engineering of hybrid organic/inorganic nanomaterials, and i joined a materials science division.
/╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\
/╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ ***PODER BROS*** /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ ***PODER BROS*** /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\ /╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\
yeah what a dummy, the 's' is silent
body count based updates bother me. this is the same sort of thing we did in vietnam. body counts make us feel "#winning," but it is not always indicative of actual progress.
I dont think 9 people is genocide. We also have hate crimes and a plethora of other crime classifications. Its mostly semantic discussion, here, though. Its a tragedy for everyone involved.
love weird al hate 'american pie' This video puts me in a pickle.
can confirm. Germanium is *expensive*
im lovin' it
Well, theres a whole lot of them. Theres more than a billion pigs on earth. Thats a lot of rolls of the ol' die. Many of them end up in medical sample cases or stuffed as curiosities. Our typical farm animals are pretty far removed from the natural species, as well. They were genetically modified to incredible extents during and after domestication.
then floss
somethings fucky
YOU'LL NEVER BELIEVE WHAT THE DEER DRAGGED IN!!!
state of texas vs 1 gold crucifix seemed like a damning enough indictment of civil forfeiture, but instead we get this wackiness
lookie' here its a movin' picture
http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2013/08/12/taken
&gt; motorxyxles it is now officially spelled like this.
ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ *Let your dongers hit the floor* ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
you mean 'libruhls'
theres at least 4 bilderberg reptillians in the picture
[the saturated forests of yosemite](http://i.imgur.com/sO1a9N1.jpg)
ugh i know fucking druids leaving rocks everywhere wtfffffffffff
i concur. I kept reloading as castille until I successfully formed spain, then did it again and defeated france, thenI was france and defeated the HRE, then I figured out how to become emperor and conquered the world. I've since completely forgotten how to play
did not
IM SO EXCITED IM SO EXCITED I'M SO... tired...
Your style is electric and out-of-this-world.
link for convenience http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/nn5007804 (Adapted from ACS Nano, 2014, 8 (6), pp 5441–5448)
KRAFT SINGLES 4LIEF
he seems to be using the term facetiously
Cassini is one of my favorite missions. I love saturn. It is so cool that we've been running Cassini for so long-- just going around, imaging, orbiting, doot doot doot. This is such a great time to be alive. Want some snaps of saturn? Here you go. Heres the moons. How about ceres? how about a comet? oh lets go ahead and do pluto too space is pretty
those apartments are great. I haven't tried WP since the patch, but those apartments have been the only place I have been able to set up. The size of them and layers of doors makes them pretty secure... but i haven't seen the new zombie mechanics in action. i am up to 5 boxes of shotgun ammo with no shotgun, and the horde migration has turned to my warehouse retreat. Its a daily struggle to keep them at bay, and I took the heavy sleeper perk so i'm spending an inordinate amount of time in bed... but the urban warehouse in muldraugh is lovely, with 3rd floor rooftop gardening.
And North America will be the US of Mexico!!!
he has like, 37 god damn dicks
"the new miniature white rhino colonizes the rectum of islamist foreign fighters. solid gold droppings are commonly found in this habitat.'
you like it chock full o' nuts
&gt; Christianity&gt;Hindu&gt;Islam jesus numbah 1
local pothead labels hillary clinton most total buzzkill since nixon
needy
texashawk of imperia notoriety is a good target and is already a member of the community i think
my gps is my security blanket. i use it to go to the market :( i cant wait til i can have a self driving car
Its 15 billion dollars taken back by the very west that consumed the KSA's resources. The saudi's know how to play with black gold, but they're suckers. The whole lot of 'em.
base baths are a hassle from a safe handling perspective. most pi's already take a safety third approach, and then start adding in buckets of extremely caustic liquids that no one remembers when the last time it was prepared, or used.
if you don't forward this link to 10 friends then you get scary bone foam
i feel like the saudis see the writing on the wall for the future of an oil based economy and they're trying to sell of literally every barrel before the world gets full swing towards de-carbonization.
without you when you're gone?
[We can't stop! We have to slow down first!](https://youtu.be/vN-3bd_sQ6M?t=53s)
SPOILERS
One ant isn't really even the whole oganism- the colony is the organism
I like Nipponium MUCH more than japonium ugh japonium
Nah its easy; during the autopsy, you just flow in LN2 instead of formaldehyde based embalming fluids. So simple! ;)
you have been spooked by a spooky skeleton
I've never done it myself, always an "in the future thing" i thought it made the walls undestroyable. i haven't tested or looked at it forever.
yemeni, more likely
well i mean, i got a phd in chemistry because i wanted one, for no other reason than i liked chemistry and at some point decided to do it for my entire life. i was able to get a job running a lab, so it turned out pretty OK all things considered. I encourage the young student to think a bit about questions like "what do I want to *do* every day" and "how much responsibility do I want to take?" Do you want to work with your hands every day? do you want to mix small quantities of liquids? do you want to operate instruments? This can point you at disciplines. do you want to be responsible for only yourself? for yourself and a couple other people? for a lot of people? for everyone? This can point you at goals.
im not sure the whole bean thing is accurate, however, attempting to brew coffee with whole beans gives a poor extraction with very little color. that extraction would still taste of coffee, however? if you really wanted a light colored beer, it seems like that approach could pop up to use a yellowish colored coffee extraction? a whole pot of coffee diluted to 5 gal would also probably have a pretty light color
&gt;Indraneel Sen · Variable Energy Cyclotron Centre Dissolution is difficult when you have large pellets of the polymers instead of fine powders. I have two suggestions one is easy the other depends on your access to machine and instrumentation. 1. melt the polymer pellets at 150C in a vial under argon or dry nitrogen. At 150C just take the vial and drop it into a dewer containing liquid nitrogen. This process shall quench the polymer and freeze it at an amorphous state below the glass transition. Take out the vial and after allowing it to warm up a bit (to avoid thermal shock in glass vial) add hot xylene into the vial. Since the polymer is amorphous now, the extra energy to break down crystals is not needed and the polymer easily goes into solution. If the solution is constantly agitated there are no local concentration gradient and thus supporting dissolution. This is a general method for dissolving crystalline polymers. The time taken will be less than 20 mins.
mew is hiding under that truck over by the S. S. Anne.
oh now theres something i hadnt thought of!
I don't know why you'd bother with shortbread when theres plenty of sweetbreads available
Do you expect Cruz supporters to understand the concept of cognitive dissonance? (Spoiler alert: not a chance!) :)-
And i totally agree with you there. However, its *really low tech weapons* in hardened bunkers pointed at a first world mega city with a population upwards of 20 millions, and over the past 30 years, all the previous restrictions on building height in proximity to the DMZ have been rolled back. Its not like the north could somehow flatten seoul, but even a few hours of unfettered shelling would cause millions, perhaps billions in damage. NK is capable of causing serious damage and civilian life in a major world center for at least a short period of time. The nukes are not the threat, nor is their million man army. Simple, boring, soviet era shells are.
from the article, again... &gt;Some electronic waste in India is processed by large firms, including a division of Australian-based recycling giant Sims Metals Management. **But the vast majority of the e-waste that ends up in Delhi is dismantled by small-scale, informal family businesses which operate from small shops and homes.** unregulated and illegal with the indian government seizing shipments.
and me! http://imgur.com/Y2xGhTs happened twice, same week. http://imgur.com/NG4lvdV
timehacked shots of next gen far cry 7
my only regret is that i have boneitis
roomba technology is advancing so fast soon they'll be competing with the planes themselves for passengers
OH YEAH? WELL MAYBE YOU SHOULD GET OUT... *LESS*...
of course. it just.. boggles; you know?
http://i.imgur.com/IWCnV9N.jpg
I can see the headlines now: Rarified Pepe Detected in Cygnus 293
one of the problems is that scientific breakthroughs are, well, scientific. They don't always instantly equate to technogadgetry. I could point to any number of highly esoteric articles and say SEE? but most people wouldn't. We're putting lasers on airplanes and using them to shoot down missiles and pornography studios are preparing content for the consumer VR devices hitting the market this year. We're living in the world that the 80s was dreaming of.
its not in a research paper take a stand against it and dont prepare toc images for your journal submissions if you really hate it edit: (well come on now guys maybe this came out the wrong way. My beef with toc images is that they're a really arbitrary thing to need for every single paper, and then the existence of TOCROFL has caused people to compete to get featured on this "terrible toc figure" blog. A colleague visited from europe and was beaming to be featured on the site, and was enjoying all the publicity. So its no wonder we get these cringy memes start coming up; because how many of you clicked the article because of it? no such thing as bad publicity, right? I think TOC figures are overused by journals and are consequently filled in as an afterthought by authors.
it may hurt some sectors of the US and EU, but cheap energy equates to consumer-level stimulus and we're diversified enough to handle it. We've survived economic turmoil before, i'm not ready to doomsday prep because of the global race to cash in on the dwindling oil reserves.
i wonder how the subjects would compare if they smoked ciggarettess continuously for 45 minutes
i got some wool socks and i wear them on top of my regular socks and it keeps my tootsies warm and my wool socks can be used multiple days cause i don't have to wash them every time
yeah but think about the nobel prizes for making hydrogen become pentavalent $$$
[the earth in all its splendiferousness](https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3577/3405557082_c11a3e3cbc_b.jpg)
most folks dont tend to properly comprehend the power of nuclear weapons-- why would Un be any different i guess?
if you learn one format first (ascii) and then try to switch to icons you have to forget all you knew from the first convention and its annoying to adopt a new one. It has nothing to do with the relative interpretability of ascii vs pictograms. He already knows ascii, so the pictograms provide no useful information he didn't already have from his. the pictograms are annoying and offputting to him because the picture of the kangaroo isn't saying kangaroo to him as efficiently as the k, theres another step that he finds obtuse-- figuring out what the picture is of.
No problem, friend!
I guess the first one is the barrier. After that its just variety?
I hear in china they adulterate with nitrogen compounds to market it as higher protein and fool the analysis, so they can sell it at a higher price, but if you use it it can cause kidney failure.
oh not the first, early harvesting machines were burned down by the workers-- the luddite movement goes way back, and every time, theres always been more jobs... though I think this time might be different. The detachment of wealth generation from coercive human employment is going to be a defining aspect of human civilization over the next 50 years, and it will be interesting to see how we do it. All these fun uber drivers are going to totally lose their jobs and then they'll be the ones protesting the automatics.
sometimes when migrants arrive, you can get vampires mixed in. you gotta crush the vampires with the drawbridge. Or drop them in magma.
only the plutocrats survived :(
i thought you had to post a youtube link to be the real mvp?
Oops! It's early in the morning.
my point is not applying a rating to people or their achievements-- its predicting that armstrong is going to be the name thats remembered in the long run. Who sailed the ocean blue in fourteen hundred and ninety two? You remember that name, and all he was was a grifter that sailed a boat after doing his math wrong and then oppressed a bunch of people. But we'll always know who we're talking about, forever. Columbus is *the name* from the fifteenth century.
Mini driver here. The dealer doesn't bother to charge for short term rentals anymore because I need them all the time.
7/10 should have used 'long ago in a gas station far away' in some way
56% of Portuguese go against a Sicilian when death is on the line
how fun
*bang bang bang bang bang bang click click click click click click*... HALT!
so i tried to assess a different problem as a nonspecialist in this field-- what about the other case, why is earth's satellite inclined unlike most of the other satellites in the solar system https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orbit_of_the_Moon#Nodes and i found this great picture https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1f/Moon-Earth_distance%2C_Moon_phases.gif so what i wanted to point out here is look how there are minima and maxima in the orbit. this is exactly the kind of unevenness that will push and tug on orbital bodies differently as it goes around. run the system forward in time a billion revolutions and those little forces tend to smooth out over time, as the moon is pulled into the different orbit and evening out those forces over time. the huge size mismatch of uranus and its moons might make this a faster process? just a guess, though, rigorous orbital mechanics is not my thing cheers
don't worry! looks like america is going to do driverless cars instead of expensive trains everywhere!
MANY MORE without oil, what does the middle east have to offer the world?
uh wishful thinking i think. SA can "afford" this state of affairs for 5 years, which might be where the number came from. Last time oil dropped really far it was bounced back in a year or two.
☼100☼ This is a one-hundred dollar bill. It is of masterwork quality. It is made of paper and pig tail cloth. It contains a portrait of a human and is encrusted with copper and silk.
the poster admitted to being 18 above. hence the confusion about "nobody paid my taxes so i guess i have to now lol" :) oh, to be young again. What would I do differently? Save more money, thats what ;)
thats just what the illuminati wants you to believe wake up
Don't stop there! Route the carbon dioxide emitted by the transmutation of sodium BACK INTO THE CRANKCASE and turn the pushrods up to infinity and you'll have the ultimate machine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRWbIoIR04c
theres a couple "goodies" spread around the map. this is one i haven't seen i have found the dead alcoholic, and the guy who drank all the bleach surrounded by empty bleach bottles.
oooo that would have been even spookier to add another reflection! &lt;3
the hellfire example is a great one though. you put one of those on a predator, and yeah it has a pricetag, but soldiers are wayyyyy more valuable than that sort of hardware. a rocket on an apache helicopter is cheaper than the hellfire, but if the apache and the soldiers captured, the price is gigantic- like, lose public support for the conflict gigantic. missiles give that standoff range + modern precision combo thats so great without generating the negative publicities that can sink an effort in a week (blackhawk down)
nice
oh i wish you need a certain number of repeats to get the diffraction pattern i work with a guy at a synchrotron that got a 10x10x10 micron crystal, and that was a doozy, tiny unit cell. I work with nice sized molecular systems and i routinely need a 20x20x100 to pull a structure *my interests are mostly in small molecule. i have no idea what protein people do. they sometimes get one shot out of any single crystal and have to reconstruct the single crystal structure from individual frames. Its astonishing what is possible through crystallography
disclaimer: all numbers are estimates and there were two beers occupying space between the synchrotron guy telling the story and me
silver reduces when you look at it funny thats why its my favorite element this week you can make all sorts of weird stuff out of silver
this whole oil thing, we get a lot of buzz about how its bad for this sector or that sector but one way or another cheap oil is an economic stimulus package for the us consumer funded by saudi arabia, iran, russia, venezuela, etc.
dont forget he rates a 372 on the wife-leaning index SHES ALSO LEANING TO THE RIGHT, WHICH SIGNALS TO THE LEFT THAT SHE LEANS THEiR WAY
its the surrealism. I find a lot of overlap with the fans of python. If someone doesn't get monty python beyond the parrot sketch and maybe the sit on my face song, then they *definitely* aren't going to get tim and eric. I love surrealism so i get spaget in a way that a lot of folks just wont
click the 'forgot your password' link and hit alt+f4
i mean, did you watch the video? its a good piece he makes the statement and then he works to support it for an *hour* he even correctly predicts today's price of a vail all day ski lift ticket!
now put on the shirt take a photo and post it to /r/WTF now take off the shirt, and post that to /r/WTFGonewild
you... you... you betcha'?
I mean, the religion has been growing for year, but now they're going to build a proper temple for the first time in a millenium.
soon enough you'll be hearing lamentations about how driving is a privalege reserved for the top 10% while the rest of us peons are controlled day and night by the computers and those who control the computers
QUESTION: What are the long range effects of a dwarf achieving a life goal? "wants to create a masterwork someday" ... does... gets happy thought and the bio update, are there additional happy thoughts later or is it a one time thing? I guess what i want to know is, how important is fulfilling life's goals?
its not that they *turned small,* its that you used the capping agent to *stop them growing bigger*
Trading is allowed but you gotta screw the traders. Deconstruct the depot
up until now I always viewed with derision the tendency to street scat. Now I understand.
*freedom gallons *Spirit of Old Point Seven Eighty Five *Don't Tread on Liter's
Whats in the box??? [NOTHING! SO STUPID!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KezvwARhBIc)
i always liked the big armored dude. I could hand any first timer the controller and just whisper (just roll your palm on it over and over) and he would demolish the rest of the players every time.
yeah, like english, american, australian, etc.
they were taking the piss, mate. you are such an easy mark
do what i do and sell the kids to a textile factory they learn a trade and i get paid, win win
i really doubt it, but who knows. graphene is pretty ethereal. its always existed-- its just that we can develop strategies to employ it technologically. Its graphite, no more dangerous in the ambient environment than tiny powdered graphite flakes. YOu probably don't want it free in your lungs, but that wont be a worry at all suspended in or recovered from oils.
im not sure. microbeads were kind of abhorrent from the get go
yeah other than niche applications not seeing a strong impetus for commercialization here, but its fun nonetheless i suppose.
we gotta talk about scale here. Outdoor cats in the US kill incredible numbers of birds every year. &gt;"Here we conduct a systematic review and quantitatively estimate mortality caused by cats in the United States. We estimate that free-ranging domestic cats kill 1.3–4.0 billion birds and 6.3–22.3 billion mammals annually. Un-owned cats, as opposed to owned pets, cause the majority of this mortality. Our findings suggest that free-ranging cats cause substantially greater wildlife mortality than previously thought and are likely the single greatest source of anthropogenic mortality for US birds and mammals. Scientifically sound conservation and policy intervention is needed to reduce this impact." http://www.nature.com/ncomms/journal/v4/n1/full/ncomms2380.html PV arrays and wind farms are not killing billions of animals per year, no matter how many birds brain themselves against them per year it won't be a drop in the bucket compared to predation by feral cats.
ok question i got a volcano so i drilled a magma reservioir. i kept setting my pump operators on fire, so I set up a floodgate, gabbro, and hooked it with a lever and obsidian mechanisms. The idea was flood the cistern from the top, close the floodgate, stop the magma flowing into the cistern. Unfortunately the floodgate dissapeared on opening it. i have no idea why this seems to happen to me so much. So, i have unrestrained volcanic magma flowing into my magma workshop zone. When it fills up... can it push through the impassible tiles of the workshops and just start flooding my fort to the level of the volcano?
t hats the thing, i used gabbro mechanisms and an obsidian mechanism... i suppose if there were a granite mechanism mixed in by mistake that could have done it.
&gt; mi búsqueda de pies my search for feet
this is not a concern you dont really have to worry about effects on aging until you get to what are called relativistic velocities-- were talking large fractions of the speed of light-- .9c
Nah, dinosaurs weren't doing it at op's house either
hey man its better than nothing if you've ever been there, you agree.
&gt; once i got back into Number 2 pencils i started to despise people with mechanical pencils. People who brag about how their mechanical pencil never needs sharpened. I mean, Fuck you. Fuck you you fucking cocksucker. I love this guy
so youre the reason the waxy things are still for sale
granny smith is love granny smith is life
ugh jif tastes like sugar, not peanuts all natural smuckers crunchy peanutbutter master race
that is a concoction, not peanut butter
nope! dont know about the train
thanks for the response. I guess i was confused because where i thought i'd had him burrowed he was bailing on the burrow. i'll try it again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03qBqP2I4p8
you'll always be a freakish weirdo to me
yeah pretty much. when your kids are all out breaking windows of jewish business establishments you're gonna be like GOD DAMMIT CIRCULAR HISTORY! but then you'll go back to playing half life 3 and you'll forget
you can give someone a cleveland steamer and not vote for them
you know what sounds good right now? french fries
I say go do the mass spec techniques. Its interesting, is broad, and the lab has juicy research grants, and you'll get to meet people and do experiments and learn what goes on in the creation of a research paper. I do not mean to offend you with this statement: you probably do not *yet* have the experience to really judge adequately what the PI values. Everyone wants to keep their juicy research grants. The PI favors quantity over quality, but then again, your ultimate goal is to 'get published,' so what are you valuing? The biggest boon you get is that ultimately, you don't have to care. Your job as an undergraduate researcher is to get basic training on how to perform experiments and how to not injure yourself in the process. In graduate school, you have to get trained on how to lead and to direct experiments then write them up into research papers. In a postdoc, the emphasis shifts more towards 'running projects,' over any specific incremental paper, and when you become a primary investigator, the emphasis is on running whole programs, each comprised of many projects, each of which will lead to many papers, and create many phDs along the way. My advice is to [enjoy every level for what you offer it, and what it offers you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKTN5NHfwlQ), because instead of writing about the particular fun material my lab is working on, i'm writing a research proposal this weekend instead. Then on tuesday Im going to lunch with another PI, and we're going to hash out the basis for another proposal due the same time. Then I have to convert a failed proposal into a third proposal sometime in mid feburary, i think, but luckily its really short. My other advice is to look at doing research terms in OTHER labs after this first experience, perhaps at an off site reu program (such as those offered through national labs in the US, SULI, or comparative programs).
"my friends are all calling me to tell me what an amazing thing i'm doing. i'm doing amazing things. its amazing. you should be ashamed of the things that you're doing. shameful things."
nice
it correlates to the last reddit thread i read: [dare to be stupid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMhwddNQSWQ)
LONG LIVE THE COMMONWEALTH
what i would have attempted in this case would have been to let them bust the door and enter. they'd go nuts, and fill the room. Kite them a bit inside to let some come in off the landing, then bolt out the door full speed. now you know why i carry a hammer and nail at all times. You'd have been able to rip 2 sheets found in the bedroom most likely and go out the window safetly.
try hexavalent? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carborane
DOOT. DOOT. DOOT. THIS IS AN AUTOMATED BROADCAST BY THE NATIONAL DISASTER ALERT SYSTEM. DOOT. DOOT. DOOT. Message follows: A party or parties of RPG characters led by a leader named ASSBUTT has been sighted in the approximate vicinity of : the earth. If you are in any of these locations seek shelter. Do not lock any of your doors as this is sure to attract looting. Do not put any valuables in secret compartments in your home. Remove all vases from display. All residents are advised to memorize a statement to deliver to ASSBUTT. Always repeat this statement every time queried. Our armed forces will attempt to stop extensive damage in the wake of the ASSBUTT gang but be advised that our weapons are largely ineffective against swords of that size. DOOT. DOOT. DOOT. THIS HAS BEEN AN AUTOMATED BROADCAST BY THE NATIONAL DISASTER ALERT SYSTEM. DOOT. DOOT. DOOT.
langoliers got em poor fellers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-vs8fwgwk0
I'm not so sure. Sanders has said he's going into the convention and hopes to come out with the nomination. If its warren on the VP and platform concessions he can say they put the movement on the ticket "now go beat donald trump." I think a lot of us are going to collectively wonder whether the donald is a risk we're willing to take-- i'd take a softer push with a warren vp towards the sanders dream than nothing at all and definitely over a trump. but thats me. Assuming, of course, clinton survives the scandal. I think its sanders if she goes down. But at the end of the day this is exactly how the DNC tries to woo back sanders progressives. If she doesn't survive the scandal, what the hell are they going to do then? Try to engineer a biden/warren ticket? Ugh.
Check carbon monoxide levels in your home. This can cause memory loss. Most women are afflicted with forgetting that they in fact leave the seat up all the time. Its actually CO exposure.
50, 200, 600, 2400
some of us will avoid the snipping
retirement. Honestly! how much do you really expect to make after graduate school? I was running on fumes at the end of grad school due to mediocre financial planning. I was really regretting keeping NOTHING aside for those many years.
I think its possible to do a lot of really interesting online teaching and learning, but I suspect truly successful programs will look a lot more like kerbal space proggram than JoVE or labster. from what i saw, it looks like a CGI checklist with high production values. not that watching a video about a simulated lab or whatever wouldn't be neat or useful but capability to follow a checklist is not really going to be that useful for people at the graduate level, and i don't expect it to generated much independent thinking.
yeah but the whole population hasn't been voting. its been only within the rules of the upcoming convention. if the supers do change en masse, however unlikely, who knows. Both candidates are "weak" from the perspective of the democratic party as neither could pass the ~60%threshold. the supers are designed to vote for the one with the best shot at the general, regardless of popular vote.
Vermin Supreme 2016
just the modern version of the park flasher. those guys have always been around, but digital media has lowered the activation barriers.
What is the darkest joke you can think of?
he had more dick in one of his dicks than most people get in all of their dicks
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh thank you now I get it. I knew it was lyrics, but I thought they had replaced the lyrics with mom's spaghetti and were throwing it out randomly.
Angiosperm.
the more money you have, the more expensive the kids.
but i mean theres whole bowls of it sitting out, why can't i take it?
its just theRe to add eMphasis and to instruct the reAder as to the prefErred cadeNnce of the wRiter?
[Well, I guess thats the last we'll SEA of john](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMEV8DHc6E0)
C2H5OH edit: this person probably works at penn state
Well, alpha particles (not to mention beams of alpha particles) were pretty new back in 1911, so he was looking for deflections. He knew that stuff was made of stuff, and he had beams of stuff, so he wanted to see how stuff effected the beams. Theres atoms in there, in other words, and they will deflect the beams of particles. This goes along with what bragg was doing at the time involving x-rays and atoms and how you get these spots when you shoot x0rays at stuff (diffraction patterns) Anyhoo so he sets up the experiment and he's collecting data at the other side ofthe metal foil. and you measure at each degree, right. Well, you do the experiment and your important data from your calculations is at x, y, z angle, just like you expected, but to publish you need a full dataset. So you do the big fun angle experiments with high signal and then someone needs to collect all the high angles where you expect zero data (because how could this piece of tissue paper gold reflect a beam of bullets you're firing at it) like it never even occured to you that you could get reflections and there would be zero data, you just need the guy to get the zeroes right. but lo and behold the undergrad assistant finds data out in the high angles and the boss goes back and double checks it and that means oh my god the mass of atoms is not uniform in space, the mass in atoms is concentrated, and some of my alpha particles *actually whacked into a bunch of mass in the middle of it and reflected off of it oh my god this is huge*
how else would you screw in a fake screw?
Once you go Dothraki Corporation you never go back.
Ahh, how great it would be to live as a rich white man in the vast majority of time periods...
ill take status quo with sanders modified platform and warren on the ticket over trump.
cross into another dimension and conquer the unbidden. if our dimension is valuable to them then their dimension would probably be valuable to us. I feel like different FTL type empires should tend towards particular routes-- discovering intergalactic hyperlanes would be useful for praethoryn, for example, whereas wormhole technology provides a backdoor into interdimensional space. A wide vs tall concept i guess
http://i.imgur.com/cFDHLGu.jpg
long live the commonwealth
the 3^2 picture is getting me hype for half-life 3
NSA meta data analysis reveals that 2,482 registered democrats, 16 registered republicans, 458 registered independents, and 19,328 unregistered nonvoters obtained obama tattoos between 2005 and 2013.^[\[1\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
I think the superhyperlanes should only occur in the viscinity of black holes, as shown in the one in the OP. that would give such stars real terrain if pulsars, neutron stars, and black holes or super giants had real effects on FTL within a few parsec. Currently the only terrain is nebulae
eSometimes I feel like conflict can be a little too granular. Like, you move a blob of corvettes. I don't know if fleets really should act like blobs. Maybe they should be in port half the time, and able to fly sorties and do patrols. maybe we shouldn't be controlling corvettes at all. I've always wanted a 4x where space was real scale therefore the whole damn thing is figuring out how you actually patrol and project force when compared to the immensity of the cosmos your ships are nothing. I'd like to see active and passibe thermal and electronic contacts a la aurora and just this feeling of being tiny and alone even with a hundred corvettes. Corvettes on patrol would have to contend with pirates, space fauna, fight delaying and rearguard actions, harrying, etc giving your main forces time to assemble and respond to an incursion. As is its just fly up to someone and then "blort" and the blob flies on to the next one.
you can see the precise moment his heart breaks
Absolutely. Lets say you are doing a simple chemistry experiment- a photoluminescence experiment for example. You place your sample of material and choose an excitation wavelength- say, 350 nm, and then you look for emission at higher wavelengths (lower energy) as is typical in those experiments. So you turn on the lamp and start measuring-- 351, 352, 353... and you have this giant signal. You're seeing the broadness of your excitation source-- big false signal. So you keep scanning and it levels off and now its clear sailing and you detect your compound or whatever-- but then as you start getting to 700 you see the signal shoot up again as you start getting close to the overtone of the 350. This gives an experimental window and you have to kind of choose your experiments to work around it.
i preferred nipponium or nipponicium over japonium. nihonium is *ok*
Its not just soap, *DAD,* its *Jessica!*
It will look adorable working mines.
What you need friend is a lawyer well-versed in bird law.
Well, I do feed my moose a shitload of pineapples.
ULTRAMARINES DANCE PARTY!!!!!!!!!
Ya know, not much, actually. The peroxide would have some antiseptic effect but in the bottom of a compost bin its going to readily react-- right back into water and oxygen. No biproducts. Since standard peroxide solutions are only 3%, there ain't much in there. Even if she was using whole bottles in the bottom to keep smell down it wouldn't matter once added to the waste stream.
one day you wake up and BAM libruhl. thats how dey git yew. next thing u know ur gay married and givin vaxxines 2 babies.
Yeah i mean I voted for bernie too but that was as much to provide real data to voting data crunchers. We got a complete democratic socialst to run in 50 states and got complete media, polling, and voting demographic data. The green party could dream for that and they'll keep dreaming for the next 20 years, I think. Elements of bernies platform will be made partof the DNC and there will be a move in the ticker. That much I'm confident of. You shouldn't steer a country the size of the US like a speedboat, its more of a battleship.
Memes are Magic: How Digital Media in the 21st Century Enables A New Contextualization for History
NOW MAKE LIKE A TREE AND MAPLE SYRUP
You're doing the Commonwealth's work Long live you (and the commonwealth)
seems pretty understandable that a race of primitives could be living in the ring world if thats the question
about $3.50
How many brothers were trying to join at the time though, really....
It gives you comfort knowing that someone out there actually has a plan
hungry for apples?
speak for your self i'm currently scaling the vaginal wall and we hope to summit the uterus within a fortnight
All around the country from the coast to coast
Peanut and Squonk
I like to force the server to continue to grind cheese until it begins to gravitationally collapse. Now this is a critical threshold. You want the to avoid going over the Chandrasekhar limit (1.4 solar masses) because your Olive Garden Chicken Alfredo with undergo collapse into a black hole, which seriously effects your potential enjoyment of the meal.
child beauty pageant champion
it downloads chrome quite adeptly
when you see the edges of their reptile skin sticking out at a sloppily fixed seam around the neck
Ability to understand future scientific advances and reproduce them today.
"May your food arrive fresh and may your cookstaff be high, but not like, a 12, you know, more of a friendly 7 or 8. You want to actually *get* your chocotaco you know?
not that im pro or against lunar or any other missions, but for a body constitutionally required to manage the nation's pocketbook, congress members seem to have no idea how to manage the budgetary concerns of major projects or agencies.
filthy filthy mail
it hasn't started yet. the pain BEFORE the rip out is really the worst- like plucking a really long nose hair-- but it went so quick... be very careful about rotational energy.
you just did
nutrition was turned back off, to the best of my understanding. if you sandbox it and turn nutrition back on, your weight should fluctuate again. i love nutrition but i think its not quite ready for prime time
&gt; why aren't those weapons to begin with because the game has been under major structural revision and addition of such minor content items has not been a priority.
haha or piping in the explosive gas menthane into the house only to find that the pilot light went out and you've been smelling methane so long you don't even smell the hydrogen sulphide anymore and then the dementia starts
i watched the whole thing
At least you saved 15% on your car insurance by switching to Geico.
They are entirely entities in their own entirety.
Adrun, a beautiful name for a girl
the whiskey rebellion was an inside job
such true- this is what paul simon was singing about in 'the sound of silence'
several fan theories posit that our entire reality is in fact a naruto pre-battle flashback
You're right, he should have left the cat in the car and kept the windows up to keep all the cool air inside.
running from house to house eating icecream at game outset to wipe out free points associated with underweight is my favorite new behavior
Don't blink. Blink and you're dead.
&gt; Her mom also wore a pale silver sparkly ballgown with a tiara to the wedding. So. That was a sight. i can imagine her getting ready: "mirror mirror on the wall, whose the fairest of them all?"
that dog in the background tho
At least it put a stop to your head's crack advancement.
you can edit and you don't even have to tag it with the word 'edit' freedom! proud to be american
From the way that it is.
I'm not joking. Mark my words if trump is president we will have a trump on the court faster than you can say "the next president is going to probably nominate like 3 judges"
&gt; Tickle-me-Penis armadillo huh
Ah yes. generational starships had already starteed the human scattering before the discovery of warp drive. mmm yeah i'd also like a real-stars option eh actually i want an Aurora Total Conversion
dismantling a shitload of radios led me to discover receivers in my pack.
OK Wrestling is an amazing idea. Can i add that we need a room full of zombies above that will slowly trickle zed through an opening in the floor to provide terrain for the match?
A
oh i see. my apologies. i've not spent much time actually building items (i've never done an electrician run)
Behold the coming of the updoge
MAKE BRITTANY BRITISH AGAIN
So, shuffleballs.
hahaha! i think it will sort out but I see your point!
&gt; I love tyranids. Me too
actually i'd like to see a change to more hiver-style gate travel, with gates located in orbit of important planets rather than on the periphery (consuming a considerable amount of energy) and no "casting" of fleets to gateless worlds instead requireing long flights to set up gates or hacking alien gate addresses.
ah you misspelled 'pleasant'
the us has the worst reputation with weight problems, but the rest of the world is catching up fast edit heres a source http://thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(11)60813-1/fulltext
I didn't watch much of the video (i honestly don't watch most of what gets posted here, too enraging) but a lot of people are chemophobic (and radiophobic to make up a word), thinking tiny quantities of compounds are really going to hurt you in some way. Theres uranium all over the crust of our planet, and getting a little in your gut isn't something you want to make a habit of over the long term, but its not like some instant route to cancer or something. You can buy uranium on ebay.
a lass
For scientists who may not yet be aware: **Metal halide Perovskite** materials have attracted considerable interest among the scientific community for potential applications in solar photovoltaic technology.
Some say he's still waiting to this day
same here but i didn't go to work on monday so
now you cantaloupe
my favorite part was when he wrote the names in the notebook and the people suddenly died
dont hate the playa hate the game
thank mr. foretune doot doot
yeah if you allow slavery then why be surprised if somewhere in your vast empire someone starts using it even if you personally didn't authorize it
As an outsider I was taken aback a bit by this. I see him triumphantly declaring independence day and shit and I'm like "wow this guy is something, who is this guy?" fucking nobody? Oh. weird
well, avocados often grow in pairs on the tree... and one of the pair is always just a little bigger than the over...
Not exactly, but I can tell you that the bloke is currently in the big one's friendzone
now we have to figure out which one you are-- is it "always plays the victim" or "bad personal hygiene?
dont worry about it. i used to get really stressed out by stuff like this too. it turns out it doesnt actually matter what your friends believe. its sad for them, but it doesn't effect you until your country holds a referendum to withdraw from your local political hierarchy
whats she think about it now that she's a teenager
hm, i feel like emergency warp should factor in fleet size. slow for big fleets, very fast for 1 ship
im not gonna waste my good baking shits on pavement chops.
ithink you're super, bro. you gotta do you. be a trooper and veggie onward. be excellent to eachother, man
i was just thinking about keytars the other day and how awesome they are. made a joke with a colleague about keytars on monday. i've not played an instrument since my preteens but i've been thinking lately about either keytars or violin. can't decide.
A new, fantastic point of view.
eh
the storm was so intense it was knocking satellites out of geosynchronous orbit
long live the commonwealth
I had the GREATEST nap today. 5:30 pm - 6:30 pm after taking the whole day off on a total last minute whim. then woke up with that sort of spaced out grogginess that gradually transitioned into a zen-like state of utter contentment and perfect restedness.
i knew it chuck norris the perpetual storm
http://imgur.com/7pREyHO
i like it strained. also squeeze half a lime
well her milkshake subsequently brought me to OPs yard
[Tourniquet](http://imgur.com/7pREyHO) catches the worst of it :)
theres always more points to chase
"We have an expert witness who can testify that the beer in question could not possibly contain any more than 3% piss."
yikes, no [dyer maker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTYLz49ALhE)
These weren't his finances, though. He probably does his own finances. This was a business card and the kid figured out some shit to pull.
i don't know what straightboolin is
Awesome! We've come a long way. I really look forward to more naturally increasing difficulty curves as ever greater numbers of zomboids flow through my homestead.
then you'll probably do great with budweiser and should avoid participating in any "america has bad beer" jokes
considering how much has been added to eu4, i think its safe to say that we're no where near tapped out on stellaris. I have 74 hours in. Im sure some was idle but i would say about 90% of that time qualifies as "early game dicking about" My issue with stellaris is that it is actually too much of a 4x and not enough of a grand strategy. Anomalies and exploration become ancillary as the midgame begins. It seems like the game can actually become somewhat formulaic and borrows too much from the Civ paradigm still (9 equally footed empires start in a box. Go)
State calls witness SeriousBA to the stand in the case of Whittig vs. Cramson Agricultural products. Mr SeriousBA, Could you please state your full name for the record? *Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn* Objection! The witness is summoning an Elder god! *bam bam bam* ORDER IN THE COURT WE WILL HAVE ORDER
its really more of a collection. I'm sure I could execute some kind of work in there, like distillations or whatnot, but that place looks more like a museum than a lab.
people really seem to underestimate just how much damage a 200 lb human can do. 100 lb deer total cars *all the time* and thats not even on purpose and often not at speed. Plowing into a group of 30 zed would probably be a great way to get youself into a sticky situation. one would want to plan ahead and use a kind of hardened steel plow to deflect the zed out of the path of the vehicle so you dont drive over fully intact zombies. I doubt this concept would make vanilla, but would be a *great use of metalworking*
well, some poor schlub is going to end up stuck with what is now a lemon. i just imagine a single mother buying the first used vehicle she's ever tried to buy and ending up with *that* vehicle.
that is a hell of a horde in that image. How in the heck?
Still, I do think that since 9000 power levels are in excess of 8000 power levels, at least but not limited to 9000 power levels are the number of power levels I'm seeking for exploitation, you know, since im already in the business of increasing my power levels to a number that is greater than 9000, I do conceed however that 8000 power levels is a well and good and even perhaps thematically accurate number of power levels to pursue.
[THIS PAGE IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/someordinarygamers/images/7/73/90s-gifs-spinning-skull.gif/revision/latest?cb=20150315032848)
there was never a conductor valve shut off the fuel years ago, theres like two official mentions ever hl3 hype is ALL on us
You better stay away from our lemon tree. Its our prized possession!
plumber
pro gamer is anotherone, borrowed from Rebuild 3, but if you throw in "Taco Enthusiast" i would install in a heartbeat &lt;3 (point of cooking, faster run speed, brave)
Donkey #5 is way off his game. He has no idea what is in store. Donkey #6... ooof.
upvote then ohhh then backpage
my age varies depending on my mood. Some mornings when I wake up, I'm 59/m/ky. Later, when I get in the mood, I blossom into a 26/m/nyc. Then, I get on reddit, and become a 15/f/cali. When I show up at your house, I suddenly spring you with the 32/m/FBI
i think you meant to insult the other guy? im just here farming trickledown karma :(
Power isn't doing whatever you want. Its getting other people to do what you want for you.
[You have been judged.](http://i.imgur.com/d1QmAQg.jpg)
im gonna saturday like its 1999
I wasn't really sure how to answer the question. A lot of substances freeze, and form all manner of crystals and flakes. Its not inconceivable that on a titan-like world you could have strange crystals of various hydrocarbons freeze themselves out of the atmosphere as snows. The crystal size and habit will be defined by the specific vapor pressure/temperature profile of that weather system, just like snow on earth, so its hard to guess what freshly fallen "nitrogen snow will *feel* like" Heres some folks who froze nitrogen gas by applying a vacuum. It forms nice little snowy crystals when it snaps into its crystalline form from the amorphous glass. https://www.chefsteps.com/activities/the-physics-of-freezing-liquid-nitrogen-in-a-vacuum
psst: the new tin was weigh better.
me 2 Knowing a fireman zombie with an axe is standing somewhere is a huge impetus to fight the group. One thing im really hoping for are those long range migrations. A general migration south from louisville- hordes migrating through trees and accross fields endlessly-- makes the idea of living safely anywhere in muldraugh almost a nonstarter. On survival, eventually you can clear out a fairly large area and then be pretty much safe. I kite them into tight groupings and set them on fire, and can clear out big areas in westpoint and then wall it off between buildings, for example. If the eventuality that ever greater numbers of zed would be walking in from one direction became the case, that would sure change the approaches taken to base building and survival.
I'd be prone to hurt myself even attempting to replicate the victory celebration.
check out the gneiss butte
Well, when the march of the deathbots begins, do not resist, and all will be restored.
ultimately a hollow victory for workers, however. Uber will simply further accelerate plans for a pervasive, all-automatic driving economy.
*unzips*
*I don't pay taxes. That makes me smart.*
I like the original sword of the stars, hivers. it should work fine on a laptop.
https://cdec.water.ca.gov/cgi-progs/products/rescond.pdf
OY, WUT DA ZOG DID YOU JUS' SAY ABOUT ME, YA STUPID GIT? I'LL 'AVE YOU KNOW I GRADUATID TOP A' MY CLASS IN DA ORK KOMMANDOS, 'N I'VE BEEN IN A BUNCHA SECRIT RAIDZ ON DEM FILFIE 'UMIES, 'N I HAS OVER 300 A DEIR TEEF TA PROVE IT. I'M TRAINED IN THE ART A' STEALF 'N I'M DA BEST AT DAKKA OUTTA ALL DA ORKZ. YOU AIN'T NOTHIN' TO ME BUT JUSS ANOTHER CAN T'SCRAP. I'LL WIPE YA DA ZOG OUT, A DUFF THE LIKES A' WHICH AIN'T NO WUNZ SEEN SINCE DA WARBOSS, YA LIST'NIN'? YA THINKS YOU CAN GET AWAY WIV CALLIN' ME A GROT IN FRONT'A DA WHOLE WAAAAH? FINK AGAIN, SKUM. AS WE YAP OUR GOBS, I'M CALLIN' ALL MY INFILTRA'A'S ACROSS ALL A' ORKDOM 'N DEY'S 'UNTIN' YA RIGHT NOW, SO YOU BESS' PREPARE FOR DA STORM, GIT. DA STORMBOYZ'LL RID YA UH' DAT PUNY LI' L FING YOU CALL A LIFE. YOU'S AS GOOD AS DEAD, YA GROT. I'Z EVERYWHERE 'N EVERYTIME ALL AT ONCE, 'N I'Z CAN KILL YA 700 TIMES WIFOUT EVEN USIN' A SHOOTA. NOT ONLY DAT, BUT I CAN GET ALL THE STIKKBOMBS AN' DAKKA I WANT AND BLOW YOUR TINY 'EAD INTO SO MANY BITS YOU WON' EVEN 'AVE DA CHANCE TA MEET GORK AN' MORK WHEN I'M THROU WIF' YOU. IT'Z A SHAME YOU 'AD NO IDEA THE AMOUNT OF WAAAAGH YOUR SNOTTY GOB-FLAPPIN' WUZ GONNA GET YOU INTO, YOU'DA CUT YOUR TONGUE OUT INSTEAD! BUT YOU DI'N'T, AN' YOU'S FIXIN TA PAY THE PRICE WIF MORE DEN JUS' YER STUPID TEEF. I'LL SHOOT YA SO 'ARD YOU'LL DROWN IN DAKKA. YOU'S AS GOOD AS DEAD.
the first cop is really my favorite. that look of incredulity. cop 2 is like "lol another day at the office"
[Hello? Hello, uh Hello Dimitry?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEB-OoUrNuk)
leave it to the physists to come up with a standard model that says that 96% of eerything in the universe is fundamentally out of bounds for observation and test by the chemists.
but but carboranes dont carboranes count?!
where can i get some of that sweet sweet tunnel money
They're likely to rip themselves further apart over obamacare. Remember when repeal and delay was the game until trump tweeted he wanted repeal/replace and now, seemingly begrudgingly, Ryan claims they're going to come up with a replacement in the first 100 days? Obamacare took years and the republicans won't have a shot to break the fillibuster until the mid terms.I dont think they have the chops for it and an erratic tendency at the white house to come out forcefully and publically with sometimes undiplomatic statements over twitter, violating the never say ill of a republican doctrine, well, they're in for it.
not collecting enough cabbages
Getting reddit gold... with irrelevant [meme](https://media.giphy.com/media/QwUvfDemn0bK0/giphy.gif)
She saw you drop your go bag in the red tree cluster southwest of cormans
my broken arms are heavy moms spaghetti
i tend to agree. rail is difficult in california, the state most likely to actually make use of it. Lots of special interests in the way. I suspect the transition to automated driving will be well underway when this project finally finishes.
Your triple-ply-megafluff rubbed ass is probably one of two, maybe three, that demolishes your toilet on a day to day basis. This bathroom is getting demolished day in, day out, for weeks at a time. And not just by normal people who wipe wipe done, no, it gets the people who wrap their entire arms in toilet paper. People who put half the roll on the seat because they're so germophobic that they can't touch porcelain. And then, after demolishing the toilet, they flush with no concern for how pipes actually work or how the mechanisms involved in the flush function. That wonderful double ply becomes a barrier- a shit soaked gloppy mega barrier that will flood and flood and flood. Then you'd be saying "oh shit 20,000 could have at least sprung for hallways that aren't covered in shit" Single ply is much easier on the pipes. Point is, they're not using single ply because they're cheaping out on toilet paper. its a facilities management thing. If humans weren't the fucking animals they are, maybe we could all have charmin bouncy soft in every public bathroom on earth. But we are disgusting animals, so you get single ply once in a while in high traffic areas.
/r/redpillrodents
we're going to need four, maybe even five spanners to fix this problem.
look at her goddamn butt
Live the high life. Vote Miller.
Great question. I haven't tried in the latest build (since coal was changed to charcoal...) but do the bbq's even work at all? I sure haven't figured out how to work them. They've been buggy lately i think.
dont worry there wont be any gorillas by then
He said Rhode Island, not, Whore island, Pam!
allow it to rise on the counter top for 2 hr then bake at 350 degree until golden brown and delicious serve with steamed socks
facing off against the lions. period.
Mammals cannot excrete waste through their intestines. By waste, I refer to metabolic waste, which exits the body via the kidneys and as urine. Thats where the nitrogen containing waste goes. The kidney is essentially a giant bank of sweat glands suited for this purpose. The intestine can't do this. It absorbs materials. this process is called elimination. Half the mass of feces is the desiccated husk of single celled organisms that had assisted your digestion on the way through.
Antique cat tree. Not sure why op wants to electrocute cats. Even schrodinger was just kidding about the cat.
anything is a burger if you're brave enough
The human body operates at higher efficiency when the incoming looks more like the outgoing.
Oh jeeze. I remember back in our sex ed class, must have started in 5th or 6th grade, the older kids spread the rumor that the final exam was you had to demonstrate sex with the teacher. A ridiculous claim but at the time I spent the rest of the season nervous and apprehensive.
The people who actually need to prepare won't. Most people would be wiped out by an unexpected $500 expense, let alone systematic unemployment in their entire sector.
Everyone, including the president, is subject to rule of law.
You don't have to respond. Just know that the earlier you start, the more those dollars compound. GET THAT FULL MATCH EVERY MONTH its free money and by the time you take it back its grown by a factor of 11. At least. Start when you're 35.. and it is more likely to grow by a factor of 6.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QY5yG2KyQfM ooo...uya!
A drunken pupper
I can't wait to see what is possible with a new batch of survivor code. Its really impressive to watch what you've pulled off with the existing system. I love the concept of organizing camps of survivors in an emergent fashion. Having some able to stand a guard duty, do their own farming, staff a kitchen, fish, and run away from zombies to report back to the group, thereby generating "quests" will truly be amazing.
This would also tend to preclude the possibility of generating a black hole even briefly in the LCH-- certainly the energies aren't so high as to approach the milligram scale?
nope im pretty sure his character just realized it was part of a simulation and rejected the matrix
Its a slowly growing sub. We must take action to become the change we want to see. Some of us are good at research. Some of us are good at organizing. Some of us are good at memes. All of these things can be turned towards our future goals.
Also they move in groups now. So if a leader zombie zones into your area he'll bring his tagalongs with him.
"I do not respect your authority and refuse to comply with your demands." "I DO NOT RESPECT YOUR AUTHORITY AND REFUSE TO COMPLY WITH YOUR DEMANDS!"
TIL /r/forwardsfromgrandma is a bank of infinite wisdom
Who, by the way, needs a fresh round of advertiser boycots for 1) trying to get maddow boycotts started and 2) continuing to dredge up seth rich even now
the chatter regarding economic sanctions might cause a hiccup, but who knows
4200/10 for mother J gonna roll up a phatty in her honor
do pigs eat mouldy meat? maybe vultures, that were subsequently eaten by pigs.
Fun fact! If you were really gonna do this, you might not even have to mine for rare earths or even uranium anymore-- plenty in the water to just clean up and purify at this scale, lol! Its already cheaper to refine lithium out of brine than it is to recycle lithium batteries; this scheme would make that redonkulous. Also, you'd have a not-insignificant quantity of gold, as well!
already slumped
420 blazeit
wait.... wait.... i... think they're serious.................................
A pound of pounds
who the hell said it was bad for you? Its like the old saying, A Mayo enema a day may keep you out of the Mayo
it wouldn't be fun to post copypasta if people didn't fall for it &lt;3
No, I am a scientist but I was just doing a bit, here. There was a famous reddit scientist named unidan who made a variation of the above post and then used vote maniuplation techniques to ridicule another user.
fusion powered fidget spinner
its a press release and 'van der Waals solid' is a material class, not a process.
Perhaps our superior abilities at throwing are more cognitive than physical; take a person who has never played sport or attempted to throw something before and laugh as they make poor attempts. Our ability to practice and refine and develop the muscle memory is straightforward because we can cognitively decide to do so in the abstract.The other apes wouldn't really think about it in such a way, conscious and intelligent though they might be.
Obama would have gone down as an "okay" president at best. However, with the shitshow we've seen lately and his numbers continuing to soar... wow we might see him on rushmore yet.
http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0615266/?ref_=tt_cl_t14 here we go
oh so THATS why i did so poorly in math.
All answers are correct as long as you divide the liberals!
Itchy. Tasty.
woah
she also gives it to you straight whenever shes got it to give what a champ
Having preexisting conditions is a preexisting condition.
No weigh!
farage's *aide*
&lt;3
huh. 1980 was almost 40 years ago.
An interesting discussion on the Fermi paradox I read was on the progression of intelligent life. This is all based on a series of assumptions of course. The first assumption was, if life can expand comfortably, it will. Further, if it is possible to attain levels of civilization at the type II or type III scales, then those civlizations should be EASILY detectable: such civilizations are not all that likely to even bother with planets anymore. Dyson swarms or even star lifting are really only problems of technology scale, they aren't particularly higher tech than we are even today, so it follows you'd expect to see more stars shrouded of all but infrared light. Lastly, even if FTL travel is impossible, once a civilization is rolling out and expanding powered by fusion, theres really no reason they couldn't engulf an entire galaxy in less than three million years. Even if there are intelligent aliens within the universe, we can look at the closest galaxies and say pretty much without concern that no one seems to be doing activities like this for the last few billion years, anyway. Its such a short time and such a big space to take over a whole galaxy that you'd expect to see it somewhere. Can't hide such operations. So a couple things fall out of the idea. Either 1) type II/type III civilization just really isn't tenable and is not the logical continuation of our present society or 2) wow we might really be lonely as technologically capable species... All conjecture of course, we don't know how likely it is to become a type III civilization but from my perspective it only really requires fusion energy time and political stability.
dude, first of all, I mentioned the jackalope in the original post- you know the highly endangered made up species. it is meant to use levity combined with a healthy dose of sarcasm. You taking this seriously suggests that you are particularly susceptible to trolling and you should watch out for it because I was just being silly. And further more, if I was *actually* some kind of right wing climate change denier hoping for climate change to solve the poor people "problem" do you think your newrepublic link would convince me? No, I'd call it fake news and ratchet up the nastiness and before you knew it you'd be making all kinds of annoyed posts.
Because the source material is a book, the dialog and narrative would have to be *word for word identical,* however, the performances given and the visuals could be entirely different and it would not be a problem. I concur that fred savage is the only man for the job.
way to complicated to fill the die with liquid. Instead, we make the outer frame magnetic and play in a room with a magnetic ceiling and read the numbers from underneath. Players can ride around on segways in order to make reading the value straightforward. Bonus: perfect for drought stricken games.
Snap, crackle, pop.
price controls. They made the foolish decision to implement price controls so you couldn't sell so and so for less than a certain price. Well, oops, it costs more than that to make it. guess who quits farming. *everybody.* The system would normally self-correct with rising prices for the good to rise, but price controls, so the situation collapses. The most left-wing european states are still *market economies* you can have a strong social network and civic engagement and still not implement wrongheaded price controls.
The government is putting chemicals in the air with chemtrails to make our babies sterile but the companies are putting perfectly safe chemicals into the air and the government is trying to destroy the economy.
god dammit. The earth was created in its present form and all our memories intact some time last thursday
Look at me! I'm Mr. Meseeks! Look at me! I'm Also Mr. Meseeks! Its me! Look over here too, hey! I'm Mr. Meseeks!
&gt;My God man, drilling holes in his head is not the answer! The artery must be repaired! Now, put away your butcher's knives and let me save this patient before it's too late! dr. mccoy
its a real crime with a real paper trail. you can intimidate witnesses; its harder to intimidate bank statements
but they are a rebel!
No, I said, "hey, Blinken!"
Awesome. Thanks!
classic case of Munchhausen by Doggo tragic
It's a very old oven and gives a nice, dry heat. I believe the safety mechanisms are largely failed so it seems to get quite hot. Sounds great! :)
i had no idea it could be crafted...
Munchhoundsetter?
Oh grate! another pun thread!
"You know my vice president comes from a state that is shaped like a boot, too. Thats why we call italy the indiana of europe"
Relevant username
make sure you use the foaming variety because gorillas are hairy
he just says words to distract people.
Thanks! I thought so too. I noted the whiteness and wondered if she had exposed something spooky, so I posted it here. Appreciate the peace of mind.
Horse and buggy died out in cities before the countryside, too
"Huh, this coffee tastes like shit."
It's barely even five nines. Shit grade gallium.
It's official guys
Or maybe his lawyer's lawyer's lawyer's lawyer.
&gt; a very, very small number of people would know the true meaning of covfefe
&gt; eugooglizer swing and a miss
Because commenting on names is a tad on the tacky side? -John Buttworm Esq. the third
IT SMELLS LIKE YEAHHHHHHH
I am judge bredd
