I've not been to a McDonalds in more than 25 years. What am I missing?
1-ply if you have a septic system. I've errantly fingered my bunghole many, many times.
Accident implies no such thing.
Can you point to a worked example of what you mean?
Dick for following so close.
And by merging illegally, they accomplished exactly what they set out not to do. If they'd allowed more room in front, they could have eased up instead of over.
When we think of brood parasitism in North America, we most often envision parasitism by cow birds. However, cowbirds rarely parasitize barn swallows. Were you able to examine the contents of the nest early or after the eggs were expelled? Barn swallows often lay more than 2 eggs, and so early hatched birds may have pushed out non-hatching eggs (infertile eggs or eggs not yet ready to hatch). Those eggs (those that hatched and those that did not) could have come from the same pair, but alternatively, what you may be witness to is intraspecific brood parasitism, barn swallows trying to rear their young in the nests of others. http://www.bioone.org/doi/abs/10.3161/068.040.0201
This guy engages in the most despicable douchebaggery you can imagine. He's a college dropout that sees no value in education, which is why he's slashed both K-12 education immensely and removed $300+ million from college education. He's disbanded the science arm of the Wisconsin DNR, because who needs information to make decisions? He campaigned on growing jobs and Wisconsin is one of the poorest performers in the Midwest. He campaigned on balanced budgets and reduced taxation, but the reductions in taxes have been meager ($100 less property taxes, for instance) while the budget deficit has skyrocketed. He likened teachers and public safety workers (cops and firefighters) picketing at the state Capitol to terrorists. He wants Wisconsin to be the Mississippi of the North. Mississippi! Are you fucking kidding me. If he becomes president, we'll all be living in Mississippi.
I read that he's reduced weight, to 206 or so, down from what at one time was around 222. Hopefully this reduction in weight allows him to better keep his feet under him, allowing him to maximize his incredible skillset. I'd love to see him as the 4th or 5th S. I see them keeping Abdullah, Parker, Branch, Kelcie, and Commings, with Berry on NFI.
I hate IT at my place of employment. They think security trumps capability. I think if they sacrifice capability for security, they aren't good enough for their job. IT works when no one hears from them EVER, but I fucking deal with them damn near everyday. I hate IT.
I wish it were that way. The problem is that IT isn't judged by how they maximize (or even optimize) organizational capacity - there are no metrics of capacity or accomplishment by which to judge them. Why? Because they don't exist to satisfy the mission of the organization. It's those of us doing the business of the enterprise that are judged by what we accomplish. And right now, because of IT's incompetence in keeping organization resources secure, the organization's ability to accomplish its mission is hamstrung. If a mechanic can't keep a vehicle functioning well, the mechanic is replaced. The mechanic isn't responsible for maintaining the vehicle AND policing the streets on which it operates. IT should not be responsible for organizational security. An entity separate from IT is needed, one that allows IT to do information technology rather than information security (IS). Bring in people trained specifically in security to handle information security, rather than leave it in the hands of individuals with AA degrees who cannot and do not possess the education to cover the breadth of IT let alone IS.
Unless the Pope mentioned something about limiting the human population, it isn't enough.
The error pointing to the registry makes me wonder whether you have the immortality key? Have you used WinBUGS before on this machine?
I'm advocating for more competency by paying for more educated people focusing on one task rather than two. With as much corporate espionage (e.g., St Louis Cardinals-Houston Astros affair, government employee data breach) going on these days, it's time to find an alternative way to accommodating security without costing us our ability to operate. Currently, conflating IS with IT means we don't, and can't, have good IT.
If he clears waivers, he'll probably get an IR designation.
I'm a member, though I've not done anything for/with them yet. There's often sample design problems, analytical chores, etc. Some might require coding, but there's a variety coming in all the time and you can pick how involved you want to be.
It's all pro bono, no dues, only the time folks invest in it.
I did this once. Except when I went for the phone, the guy turned away and I ended up poking him in the eye. He left the theatre, though, to finish his call. He also called the cops and I was arrested. The cop REALLY wanted me to apologize to the guy but I wouldn't. Would do all again. So, beware, if you answer the phone during a movie, you might get poked in the eye.
My wife affected an English accent after we spent a week in Canterbury. She couldn't help it. I was incredibly embarrassed the whole time, but the Brits didn't seem to mind.
I can't for the life of me understand the fascination with a serial killer. How can this be a show?
There is no reason you couldn't go to graduate school right now. You may have to make up some of the coursework, but if you find something that leverages your educational background (e.g., diseases affecting both humans and wildlife), somebody would almost certainly love to have you.
Mismanagement cut the population... Hell, overpopulation is the cause of global warming. Depopulation is an entirely reasonable solution.
Most campus bookstores I'm familiar with do not allow you to stroll around with a book bag. You got to check those things.
What country are you in, because that won't work anywhere I've been in the U.S.
I choose to believe this is really a debate about taxonomy. 41% side with the idea that birds are dinosaurs.
I wouldn't call this a repeated measures analysis. A repeated measure requires you to repeat the measure, and as best as I can find, they did not test a subject more than once. Edit: misread their procedure. I still don't understand the worry about unevenness of sample size.
&gt;It's truly weird symptom of privilege that management dictates to IT. Would they tell plumbers how to get the toilets hooked up for 10,000 employees? Nope. IT has to facilitate the mission of the organization, so of course management is going to dictate what is required. IT has to make it work, or they aren't good enough for the task and should admit as much.
I'm not trying to defend management. But I also don't have a lot of faith in IT.
There is no capacity for 'balance' when you have 7 billion people.
But those dance moves. There's no excuse for those moves.
Is a Pilsner a light lager?
If we wanted cats to maintain a 'natural' life, we would not have domesticated them. Cats belong indoors, there are no ifs, ands, or buts about.
Looks like a robin to me as well.
Cats kill whether they are domesticated or not. Cats belong indoors.
Unfortunately, it isn't common enough.
Did you miss the part about it being so crowded they have people pile backstage to get around? Sounds like a nightmare.
It seems Gelman assumes there have only been two fake bakers in 20 years. There have only been two who have been caught. Regardless, the system in which science proceeds isn't meant to guard against fraud. Sure, it'll eventually overcome the consequences of it, but it can be a slow process. The system that does guard science against fraud is the legal system. Fraud is fraud wherever it is perpetuated.
Just because you're signaling does not mean I have to slow to allow you in. Plan sufficiently far enough in advance and you won't have to impede the progress of others.
Perhaps. But that's for them to decide. Not 'we'.
Perhaps the question should be, why should human morality apply to other species? If it does, then the question that naturally results is, why doesn't the 'morality' of other species apply to us? Rape, extra-pair copulation, infanticide, etc, all occur naturally in the animal kingdom. Are these things wrong? Of course they aren't, because right and wrong do not apply.
You misunderstand me. Humans have no stake in whether the wolf eats the moose, or the wildebeest outruns the lion. It matters not to us whether a robin abandons her best or a deer starves in winter. These are the natural processes of the Earth and to think we, We, know better is hubris of the highest order.
If an alien species of similar intellect and awareness as us engages in what we would deem immoral behavior, so be it. Perhaps it's slavery, ritual murder, infanticide, cannibalism, none of these are things we have a stake in. This is for them to address, not us. We don't have to like it, we may find it obscene, but our morality doesn't apply to them. How can it? How do we apply our morality to them? We say, you must stop this obscene behavior or..., or what? Our morality is ours and ours alone. Everything else between species is negotiated.
Perhaps. Male lions that take possession of a pride will kill all of the young to bring the females into heat faster. Is that wrong? Of course not. Some species, such as bees and ants, will sacrifice themselves for the good of the hive or colony. Is this suicide immoral? Of course not. It's what these animals do. To be judged by our standards of morality makes no sense.
War is a human concern, and therefore a subject to which morality applies.
We know what organisms are not of us. Morality only applies to us. One thing you've not considered is the practicality of morality. What purpose does moral behavior serve? What purpose does it serve to require moral behavior from animals? Morality serves to govern human behavior, not animal.
We ought to behave morally but there is no mechanism by which that requirement can be manifested among nonhumans.
Net happiness has no bearing on an organism's fitness. We do not know whether some organisms even experience happiness. So, clearly, to these organisms your morality has no place.
You do not understand what an ecosystem is. We cannot have a humane ecosystem AND allow carnivory, for instance.
The carnivores will have to go. That isn't an ecosystem, that's an engineered system, and you're mouthing nonsense if you think the carnivores have got to go (extinct?). It is not moral to drive species to extinction.
I'm not equating natural with ethical, only that morality is a human construct for governing human behavior.
If another species does something we find repugnant, it is we who find it repugnant. Morality is a behavior-governing belief system. If these alien child-raping organisms have sentience, then what makes us the moral arbiter to hand down judgement on their intra-species interactions? We are not an angelic species with some heaven-sent high ground to stand upon, looking down on all other life. If we enter into comity with these aliens, we would expect to negotiate a shared morality, an expectation of how one another should be treated. As another poster suggests, we could force our morality on this and all other species, but I hardly see the moral correctness of such behavior. Any forced morality is for our benefit, not that of those whom it is forced upon.
Because it is not a natural property of the universe. In the absence of humans, there is no morality.
It doesn't matter if they're Martians or Dolphins. If they are sentient beings, they'll almost certainly have a moral perspective. It may not be like ours. And then what do we do? Impose ours upon them? As if ours is right and theirs is wrong? And we know this how? Humanity is the architect of the largest extinction spasm in the last 65 million years. We clearly don't hold any moral high ground.
It's neither bad nor good. Subjective statements of bad or good do not apply. It is the cycle of life.
This woman is horribly naive.
And which ones are these? I know of no sentient beings that are also asocial. Sociality has, by definition, a behavior-governing mechanism. This behavior-governing mechanism is morality.
It is not the case that the things you find good apply to another. There is no ultimate good anymore than there is an ultimate truth. Sometimes that which is good for one is poor for all; we are impoverishing the world by consuming ever more net primary productivity - this is good for the individual but will doom us all.
Mexicans and redheads are human and therefore human morality applies.
(I'm not trying to avoid any discussion - I'm on a phone and alien blue is making it difficult for me to keep track of comments) any ways... Because Nazis are human and human morality applies. Nazism makes it easy to apply human morality. There are subtler cases that make it less obvious (e.g., child labor). For you to believe that our morality applies to all sentient species is to suggest that we, and none of these other sentient species, we alone have the correct understanding of what defines moral behavior. Clearly this is farcical. We cannot even agree among ourselves as to what is moral. There are a few things we might be able to agree upon, but they are conditional and not absolute (e.g., killing is bad, unless... Pick your caveat here). Morality is not absolute. It cannot be. Human morality does not exist outside of human existence. It is not a characteristic of the Universe. It is a characteristic of humans. A such, it can only apply to us. To apply it to others is hubris.
Your comment below 'special pleading' was not available to me until after I posted my reply. I'll respond to the extent I can on the rest. You ask, where do we draw the line? I think it's pretty clear what is human and what is not. Are other Homo species in or out? I guess that would depend upon whether our two (or more) species are inculturated. But then, our morality would be a shared morality, not wholly H sapiens. As a shared morality, it would be negotiated. We would define what is absolute and what is conditional. We might apply to ourselves moral standards which do not apply to these other species, and they might do the same. For instance, they might suggest that individual rights are secondary to group rights and that the group prevails even if it comes at the cost of individual consequences. Could we imagine a morality where that would be acceptable? Social insects behave this way. If they were sentient, our morality would not apply to them.
Math is a fundamental characteristic of the Universe. Morality is not. Math is whether we observe it or not, morality only exists if we create it. If our species identifies something universal, it still requires negotiation with other species to make it so. Otherwise, it is simply no more than a human aspiration.
I would have gone with a doctoral advisor on the upside of his career rather than one nearing retirement. My advisor couldn't/didn't keep up with what I was doing, principally because he couldn't follow the specifics.
Aren't jokes supposed to be funny? Nothing funny about this.
I drafted him two years ago in the third round and then was able to keep him as a franchise player this year. He bailed me out a lot; incredible player, especially when Roethlisberger is at QB.
Cats should be kept indoors so this sort of thing never happens. It's irresponsible pet ownership to allow it.
They learn to move quietly when outfitted with a bell. Bells are easy for them to adapt to because they are pounce predators.
I'd like to see a 1:1 line with the points above the line in blue and those below in, say, red, to identify which made money and which did not. The exponents are blurry so it's hard to see by eye. Cool figure nonetheless.
The pellets are easy to clean, but mine also poops out a greasy mess that sticks aggressively to whatever it touches. This means my floof stays in his pen for longer than I'd like. In summer, we let him out on the sun porch and he tends to poop on newspaper we've laid down in the corners. Tends to...
Good to know.
My grandmother didn't learn to drive until she was 65.
You are within your rights to decline to extend authorship to this tutor if he did not materially and substantively aid in the development of the manuscript. A co-author doesn't have to write anything, but they should have helped in developing the ideas, collecting data, provided analysis or important inferential insights, edited the manuscript, etc.
I'm in a 2-QB league, so if I get a chance to draft Newton in round 1, I will.
They go to jail. If they do not, then I call bullshit and join the next wildlife refuge takeover.
You're right.
It would not be appropriate to confer to him honorary authorship. If his contribution did not merit it, he should not be included. Consider acknowledging him.
All this means for me is that I'm up 5-7 times that night pissing.
Swartz's error was believing that previously published science could be made free by fraudulent means. His interests would have been better served creating a means of publishing open science moving forward. I suspect we may someday reach the point where scientists will publish their work on their website. It'll have a digital object identifier, be indexed, receive post-publication review from peer scientists, and be free for public consumption. To put something like this into effect would require something to organize all of this, something that mashes arXiv, ResearchGate, Kudos, and other publishing, peer-reviewing, and publicizing tools.
Still like Daniel Craig more than Sean Connery.
Your inference should be that there is no apparent relationship between these two variables.
Or the Governor, as with Governor Walker of Wisconsin.
The guy will never amount to much as a professional. He plays with no fire. He excelled because he was physically superior to his opponents, but that will only be partially the case in the NFL. Without the necessary desire, this guy is going to get over drafted and never live up to his capability. Bet on it.
I would never have allowed that with my child. Both my spouse and I, plus our youngest, have scars from dog bites. One was an angry dog, another a happy excited dog, the last a confused dog. The common denominator? Dogs have sharp teeth and use them in regular social interaction with members of their own species. They cannot be trusted to not use them in interactions with you.
Getting a job programming is easier than getting one in NFL scouting. I'm looking at job announcements in my local paper and see plenty in programming, none in scouting. The US employs tens (if not hundreds) of thousands of programmers, but each NFL team has no more than about a dozen scouts, so we're talking a community of 500 individuals. If you don't have a football playing background, I can't imagine how you'd find a position with a squad. Perhaps in analytics, but you'd be better served with degrees in statistics rather than computer science. Go to graduate school to get a degree in statistics (with an emphasis or thesis in sports analytics) and then try to find an internship at a club, doesn't even have to be an NFL club, could be any pro sport, foreign or domestic. That's the only route I see to scouting for a non-collegiate/professional player.
Each of these kids needs more sleep.
A middle liveried package is not the same as unsolicited merchandise. Edit: autocorrect sucks. That's supposed to say 'misdelivered', which my iPad now wants to correct as 'misread reed'
That's the strange thing. I can't say that I ever have.
That's what I thought, which is why I don't understand the elevated concerns by the US State Department.
Zitacuaro and the Monarch Biosphere Reserve. We've been told to stay south of the 15D toll road.
Is this guy a storm trooper, because he can't hit shit. How many bullets does it take to kill someone?
If you're a biology major, you might wish to transfer. You're clearly in an inferior department.
Nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution. - Theodore Dobzhansky.
Reminds me of Ryan Leaf. There were similar rumblings about him before the draft. Whomever drafts Cook will be wasting their selection. If he's not matured by now, it won't happen.
Whenever I think of dark matter (as a non expert) I can't help but think on 'constitutive absences'. A vase is only a vase because it can be filled. It's emptiness is only possible not because of some characteristic of the emptiness itself, but because of the shape of the vase. Take away the vase, you take away the emptiness. Take away matter, do you still have dark matter?
It is exactly this that reinforces for me just how incredible the Patriots machine is.
The points I'm referring to are published estimates; the data contributing to them are unrecoverable, which is why I'm treating them as data.
Apparently I don't know what dark matter is, but I glean that physicists don't either.
Sure they do, but are you going to expend a 1st round choice in the hope it happens? Ryan Leaf and Johnny Manziel show the peril of that approach.
I don't understand the use of the word 'coincidence' here.
If they used eBird for this, they cannot know if birds head out over the Atlantic to make their way between NA and SA.
Habitat selection, foraging selection, and migration ecology are so commonly studied that they're often not even thought of in terms of ethology or traditional behavioral ecology.
Do not do this. Stop. Say no. Then look them in the face while they re-adjust. If you blink you'll be teaching 3 lectures a week for the semester. Do not blink.
Believe me, in 20 years you won't care one bit about the difference between UCSD's and Sixth College's. I don't recall buying anything (I think everything was rented).
You can read way too much of someone's past by their change in names. I had one job candidate marry, hyphenate, drop the hyphen and then take a third name. I spent way too much time wondering what was going on in their personal life at the expense of time considering academic accomplishments. Is that bullshit? Why, yes it is. Doesn't mean it doesn't happen.
I had music removed from my Purchased location on iTunes, but because I still had the emailed receipt I knew I had rightfully purchased the song. I had to call them because no amount of email or web help can resolve the problem. They were real nice about it, though. 😕
I'm not so sure. Have the Chiefs ever resigned an offensive lineman since Dorsey has been in charge?
Jah Reid is a journeyman from the Raens, not a home grown asset.
True. We shall see.
Uh, I was graduated from high school and fifth date didn't mean light groping. There was plenty of banging going on much earlier than that. I was in California, at the time, so maybe we were ahead of the curve...
There are 7 billion of us, and in a hundred years very, very few will be remembered.
Human lives only outweigh everything else because we make it so, not because they inherently are. Value is malleable, determined by two (or more) entities engaged in a transactional relationship. In this relationship, one entity held all of the power, and therefore had exclusive right to determine what was valuable and what was not. Imagine if that had been a human slave - the slave has value, but it's perception of what is valuable is irrelevant, because it doesn't have the power to make it so. We can very easily imagine ending the life of the slave to save the non-slave child. This has nothing to do with humanity, or lack thereof. It has to do with power.
The present value of human life is entirely predicated on whether you value them. Some of us don't value the child more than the gorilla. Some of us do. In 100 hundred years, we'll have more than 10 billion people, but we likely won't have any wild gorillas.
Fugly!
Wisconsinite and Badger fan. Stave is a head case. He got the yips a couple years ago and couldn't even throw a short out route without skipping it off the turf. He will never be a professional player. I'm surprised any team would give him the time of day.
It's not advice, just an observation.
This happened to me. We ended up taking my daughter's friend on our errands. When the mom called wondering why we weren't home, we were just leaving the dentist to go to Target. She said, good, I'll meet you there. She didn't show up there either, or answer her phone, so we went to the grocery store. 2.5 hours after leaving home, she shows up while we're in the dairy aisle, no explanation, hardly a thanks, and clearly perturbed she had to find us in the store. I was done catering to her and not interested in leaving my groceries to walk her child out to the car. That was the last time our children got together.
Nice to have helper... Only one dog doing any work there.
All of these kids need more sleep. Based strictly on a sample size of two, I know children hold their shit together better when they are not tired. Adults, too, based on a sample size of 1.
The field is overwhelmed with talent but underwhelmed with jobs relative to the need. This means you need to be uber-talented relative to your peer competitors. You also need to be uniquely talented, possessing a skill quite rare but valuable. Being a molecular ecologist or quantitative ecologist, for instance, means marrying two (or more) disparate disciplines, basically with the idea that the skills you offer are available rarely elsewhere. And then, you hope you picked a niche that has sustainable resources flowing to it. The themes in this reply are competition, niche evolution, and carrying capacity (perhaps among others) - notions you should become intimately familiar with as you pursue your studies in ecology.
Percentile? But maybe since your username is 'ribbing', you knew that and were just, well, you know...
Probably Mr My Name, without the degree after.
I'm not buying anything that has Captain America as part of Hydra.
I've authored or co-authored over 140 presentations. Each are listed in an exhaustive CV under Presentations. Not a single one was associated with a paper submission. In my field, this practice of submitting a paper with the presentation is unheard of, though some symposium presentations lead to papers submitted as a packet to a journal.
Then don't go.
Who do you trade? Not Knile Davis. The Cowboys have more running backs than needed. Maybe De'Anthony Thomas, but if they wait long enough they can get him for free.
They kill a lot.
I can't tell, but is this in an R package?
They didn't have cum laude honors when I went to UCSD. What are the thresholds?
They tied for the most defensive touchdowns (with Arizona). Defensive scoring is too opportunistic to count on from one year to the next.
What was the driver of the car that got crushed supposed to do? Where I'm at, this exact thing happened when a dump truck driven by an inattentive facebooking still-drunk-from-the-night-before driver drove over a mustang. The only thing the driver of the mustang could have done was stay in bed that day. Brake-checking is not defensive driving.
Be friends and go find someone else to fuck.
Cats should be kept indoors.
This is why brake-checking is stupid. If you do it, you are stupid. Don't be stupid.
How is the auto driver an idiot? What was he supposed to do?
The Chiefs drafted a woman-beater because he can run a 4.24. That's a half second faster.
When you live essentially forever, its hard to get excited by much of anything...
I made a short visit to Hong Kong and bought this incredible North Face jacket. Or, so I thought. More than a decade later, I still had the coat, and one day, for whatever reason, I looked at the name tag sewn in the collar. I had purchased a Noth Face.
This shit makes me hate America. (And, I'm an American.)
How could you not like what you're hearing coming out of OTAs and minicamp? He's doing everything we could have hoped for.
If you conduct science and do not publish, only you know the result. That's narcissism, feeding your curiosity at the expense of a larger good. So, if the system incentivizes publishing over not publishing, at least we got one thing in the world right.
Good science rises to the top. Why? Because we understand the system better because of it. The business of science is set up so that it separates the wheat from the chaff, by publishing those studies that promote progress and ignoring that which doesn't. Now, maybe in the humanities it's different. I have no idea what sort of objective function you can pass humanities-related work through to make progress in the field. It has just dawned on me that OP may be decrying the "subjective function" in use in humanities...
Cats should be kept indoors.
Respect your elders, young ones, or I'll kick you off my lawn.
With BIC or any other information criterion, you develop inferences from the model (or models) with the lowest criterion. From what you reported, the 4-cluster solution is the most supported model because it has the lowest (I.e., most negative) BIC.
You'd be wrong. That's why you created the model in the first place, to test your intuition about how the system works.
How is worth determined? By the community picking up some and not the other. Worth is not decided a priori.
This is the sort of bullshit that makes me hate America. (And I'm an American.)
They sell baked goods, jams, and other food stuffs, but friends of mine won't buy it because apparently they're not the most hygienic. I figure we have an immune system for a reason so I don't worry and it's never bothered me.
"Corner conditions" is not a term I'm familiar with. Can you explain?
Wow! What a comprehensive read. I didn't have the stamina to read it all, but it's all there. I disagree with a couple points. For instance, Tamba Hali isn't 'ageless' - he's clearly shown signs the last two seasons of slowing down. He gets great pressure, but hasn't been turning those pressures into sacks like he did in the past. Parker Ehinger appears to be in the lead at left guard, not Zach Fulton. The Chiefs identified Phillip Gaines as being in the lead for outside corner, and Steven Nelson in the lead for the slot. All in all, though, nice novella.
You don't know this.
I don't know anything about James Howard Face, but I did see the high stepping workout tweet. He looks great. Good enough to play week 1, I don't know and no one is saying otherwise. Hopefully he'll be there, but you don't know it enough to suggest anyone who says otherwise is 'a joke'. Your statement was unnecessarily crass given the lack of solid evidence in support of your position.
What a fucking douchebag.
That doesn't look like a bear.
You take issue with the claws but not Hulk's hands?
OP's post is factually incorrect.
They did not need to kill this individual. This is horrible policing. They could have left him in the car for days. Because they are impatient someone needed to die? Bullshit.
There can't possibly be enough traffic to The Wall to warrant a rail line. It represents too much of a threat... unless the wildlings have been civilized and the white walkers have been put down. Do giants still exist in this timeline?
The west coast offense is not a down-the-field passing offense. It attempts to spread teams laterally, completing passes at a high rate. This necessarily means the yards per attempt will be short. This is intended, not a drawback. The author of this article cites this as a negative when it is not.
You're missing the point. They never needed to get him out of the car. Even I can handle that, and, yes, your right, it wouldn't have ended in anybody dying.
It was only a matter of time before he hurt himself? He was shot to death by the police (in the back). Whatever harm he was doing to himself was nothing to what the police were planning. They had no other option but to kill him. Because they were impatient. Bad policing.
I listen to Roughing the Kicker. He covers ground I've already thought about but it's refreshing.
This is certainly beneficial to all who wish to understand dynamics associated with grazed land. The USDA Forest Service has had a very similar long-standing operation called the Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA). They are incredibly strict about confidentiality (which makes working with the data rather a pain in the ass because they 'fuzz' it spatially [you never know the exact location] and they never release land owner information). NRCS used to operate the Natural Resource Inventory, which was FIA-like plots on agricultural land. The idea behind all of these programs is to provide insight into the status and trend of natural resources, with the idea being that greater understanding of the dynamics associated with these lands will allow for better management, better allocation of government resources, and sustainable use. I see no downside to participating.
You're worried over something that isn't a concern. You are at no risk of losing your pond.
This is reason number two why cats should remain indoors.
Anybody familiar with good tutorials for how to use? I come from R but have not branched into this.
I saw the motorcycle exceeding the speed limit and crossing a double yellow. But it's none of my business.
The adulation over Delaney's sacrifice is mind boggling. I see more Don Quixote or Chris McCandless here than anything. Delaney could not swim. That's like charging the enemy at Gallipoli. Suicide, for no gain (the one child that made it out alive did so on his own merit), and at a terrible cost. I'm not saying it wasn't heroic -it was, but it was every bit as much foolish, as well. It's time to lay this tale to rest and focus on less foolish heroes.
The loan foregiveness program has so many requirements as to be worthless, slicing the pie of eligibility to be extremely meager. I've been a public employee for more than 15 years but my federal loans do not qualify. Why? Because they are one type and not another.
You are gauged by companies on the computer you have? That's peculiar.
My understanding is that this practice pre-dates implementation in R. I was doing this sort of thing in the early 90s in SAS. I think Wit and McClure (2004) on microarrays is a pre-R description.
I love this.
Worry less about the act of publishing and more about doing something worth sharing with your peers. Do it, do it well, write it up, write it up well - the rest will take care of itself.
This is what makes it a tragedy. Delaney didn't know how to swim and he only added to the disaster. I don't think there's a first responder who would advise risking your own life to save others especially when so ill-equipped to do so.
My spouse and daughter insist this is photoshopped. I don't know if this says more about me or them.
Exactly my point. Someone needed to die because the police had no patience.
I was heading to La Crescent on 90 and they forced us off at 35 even though cars were still getting on 90 from 35. Took an hour to get to La Crescent. I still don't know what happened.
For whatever reason it's coming across quite pixelated on imgur.
This answer is all sorts of bullshit.
I don't know what your career interests are, but NCSU is more respected for ecological statistics.
Nice article, but math is incorrect. "A smaller but still sizable eruption was observed at the supervolcano in 1538. That event lasted eight days and created the mountain Monte Nuovo. But since then, the volcano has been quiet, slumbering for MORE (emphasis added) than 500 years."
We predict tsunamis regularly.
Nicely said, but isn't saying there are no stable notions of human nature followed by acknowledgment of patterns in human behavior a contradiction?
You have to realize that only the consumption of petroleum and coal to perform work has allowed humanity to increase to the size it is.
But extrapolating beyond the range of the data is rarely ever a good idea...
YA simply doesn't hold my attention. Perhaps it's because I'm not a young adult. Perhaps it's because the stories are simple, simply written, and formulaic (at least those I've tried).
Cut down on human reproduction and you'd be more effective.
Metal medal
Better to limit human reproduction.
You're neglecting to note that the human population is expected to top 10 billion towards the latter part of the century. Eating less meat won't counter act this increase in population. Arguments suggesting we eat less meat or eating insects instead are stop gap measures that fail to address the root cause of the problem. Putting a band aid on this issue won't solve it.
Sure, but let's start with less reproduction, then I'll know we're serious. Until then, we're just being academic.
Adding hundreds of millions of middle class incomes will overwhelm any gains made by not eating meat. You're not solving the problem, just pushing the consequences of it to some future beyond your lifespan. The ONLY sustainable future is a much reduced population size.
Exactly, by reducing their reproduction.
I don't think changing our dietary habits does anything substantive to address the root cause of the problem. Sure, we could eat less or no meat. To what end? All it allows is for more people in place of the cows, goats, and other livestock not grown. With the disproportionate consequences of non-dietary consumption resulting from these added people now living in place of livestock, in the end changing our diet fails to lead to any lasting solution. The only lasting sustainable solution is a human population size existing at a fraction of its current size.
I admit that the solution most tangible is two-pronged, but one (less meat) without the other (less reproduction) simply isn't a solution at all.
Yes, I'm well aware, but then when you raise their standard of living, then consumption rises. This multiplicative operation is what makes this problem so difficult to solve. We cannot see a path to fewer people consuming less per capita. As a result, it is likely to be forced upon us given that there is only so much net primary productivity available to the biota of the world. Once humanity has captured it "all", and we're in possession of the majority of terrestrial npp at the moment, the effects on humanity will be evident to even the most naive.
Looked like he passed behind a police car.
I'm glad you make the effort.
Unfortunately, the problem is that some people aren't interested in your words even if they are reasonably articulated. Raising your voice isn't a matter of communicating the content of words, but communicating the imperative of them.
It probably got downvoted because of 'dude'?
At present, if you're not aboard by tomorrow (Friday), the ability to complete the hire may vanish for most federal agencies. The newly elected President can enact the freeze to the start of the next pay period (which begins Sunday).
They'll add it when WNS gets there.
I didn't see the thumbnail in the video.
What does it mean Sixth College's usefulness is debated? What does it mean for a college to be any more or less useful? (Note: I graduated well before 6th college existed... before Third became Thurgood Marshall.)
Neither Giant Silva or Butterbean has the athleticism of the Mountain. Butterbean got caught in a heel hook that the Mountain would have gotten out of without difficulty. Sudo had the right plan, damage the legs, play keep away, and place yourself at risk only near the end of the round (when the bell can save you). Silva looked to have no fight skill at all. Neither could move in the ring like the Mountain.
Which is less than what we currently have.
We can't define nor measure a soul, so we have no means of establishing whether humans have one, let alone another creature.
My concerns have little to do with x and y. Focus on x and y forgets b, where b is biota. Current levels of x and y have caused a spasm of extinction only seen a few other times in the history of the Earth.
Greg Lewis led a Philadelphia Eagle group maligned for under-performing and too many drops.
Uh, the people filming were, uh, standing on a bridge...
Now, divide it by the annual US population.
From what I've read on Arrowhead Pride. Apparently he's already joined the team at the Senior Bowl (or, is it the Pro Bowl? Got to go find the link...). Edit: http://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2017/01/24/chiefs-bring-receivers-coach-greg-lewis-aboard/ Pro Bowl
When people can profit off of your ill health, we cannot have a health care system designed to bring you back to health. You are more profitable when unhealthy as opposed to healthy. This is why most health care deals with symptom control rather than solving the disease.
There's nothing wrong with saving old growth bottomland hardwood.
Which one is "protected", the weak inside linebacker?
One of my all time favorite movies.
What makes you think the EPA is hurting the economy? Harming the environment is a cost borne by all of us, to the benefit of the polluter. Ensuring that the responsible party pays is a conservative principle.
In the realm I work in, federal scientists are evaluated by a panel of their peers, with principle evaluation based on their publication record. Not publishing has serious consequences to their career.
The hiring freeze extends to all non-defense. Sucks to be a former member of DOD trying to get work in other aspects of government.
I called you a hypocrite? I can't see how. I simply made a point about the purpose of the EPA. If you're on the defensive because of it, that says more about you than anything I wrote.
I had lasik yesterday. I had very poor vision before the procedure but now see very well, even though it's only been 20 hours so far. The fogginess continues to recede. I'm optimistic.
If you'll notice, I've begun each reply with a question.
Is there a gifv?
Engage with him? How?
Fricken mcchicken
This is why I never answer the phone.
It isn't playing on mobile.
It works in r/unbggsethimgsomething but not here. I'm in the reddit app on iPhone.
For easy starts to campfires, I bring a few toilet rolls filled with lint recovered from the lint trap in the dryer.
I prefer a French press for camp coffee. Nothing like it in the world. Need water supply to clean up, otherwise grounds can get everywhere.
A lower minimum wage is non-livable. What point is there in having a large segment of society unable to make their way in the world?
Smokers leave their butts on the ground wherever they are. Have you ever been at an intersection waiting for the light? Look in the gutter. If someone is willing to risk their safety for a cigarette, you know why the policy needs to be draconian. Eventually, maybe, you'll wear them the fuck out and they'll decide to quit. Raising cigarette taxes works as well. I couldn't be any happier with the policies. The only addendum I'd make is freeing everyone up to punch a smoker in the face when you have to smell their vile habit.
This is why cats should be kept indoors.
Sounds like the problem isn't wages being too high but too few jobs. People should not need to work for wages that cannot sustain them.
I love the mushroom like 'plants'.
What are 'high value' people?
Can you expand on your thesis? Why do you believe they may be 'leeching' on google? And, if they are, why should that matter?
Where can I get this shirt?
I agree that the Earth has too many people and that China and India are seriously overpopulated. Our population size is unsustainable if we care anything at all about the natural world. As far as mass murdering, mass pedophile, I don't know whom you mean. In the US, toddlers kill more than domestic and foreign terrorists. The only mass pedophiles I'm aware of are part of the Catholic clergy, and they don't reproduce at all.
I can guess what he means, but I don't actually know.
Yeah, sure, of course it is. Doesn't stop smokers from having punchable faces.
Hot take? Ha. You're not trying very hard to understand how poor this team is in the absence of Happ.
These aren't depictions of the actual routes used.
No, it is unlikely you will ever conduct your own research outside of pursuing it on your own time, with your own funding. I know of no research position where an individual with a Bachelor's Degree is given the freedom to pursue their own research.
If you're insistent on doing your own research, you'll need the bonafides to encourage people to invest in you. You get that through a graduate education (degrees, connections, publications). As I said, I know of no institution with its research agenda led by some with solely an undergraduate degree. Given that we're graduating more people with Masters and Doctorates than there are positions, there is no reason for an institution to leave its research in the hands of someone with only an undergraduate degree. Edit: since your original post, you've made it clear you're European. I suspect the situation is similar to North America but would love to hear contrary viewpoints.
I can't see how. There is a helluva lot of competition in biology.
Have you not seen? https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/5q1c0b/a_map_of_the_slave_trade_out_of_africa/?ref=search_posts&amp;st=1Z141Z3&amp;sh=3c33f2df I don't know anything about Muhammad. I'm not sure what relevance it has in this conversation.
For the novice, RCommander works well, since it is entirely GUI-driven and allows easy simple charting. It spits out the commands line by line as well, so the user can tweak the code, rerun it, see what happens. It's. Ice for beginners.
Got any citations? Bile isn't good enough.
To whom am I submissive? You've got a peculiar inferiority complex.
Are monarchs declining in your world as they are in ours?
He wrote that these were 'fast thoughts', which explains why it jumps around.
Bastard distracted the octopus.
What is breast play?
In an election you have the choice between two candidates (at least in the USA it is the case that only two are serious candidates for the presidency). Thus, anything that discredits Trump validates Clinton, even if all it does is dissuade you from voting altogether. This non-voting for the candidate you would have selected in the absence of this discrediting information tilts the election toward the other candidate.
I hope so because I published one with a very small sample size (n &lt; 10). Some studies with large samples simply are not possible. For instance, you have only 1 Earth; global-scale research is often constrained by having no proper control, and yet sound statistical inferences are possible with a few assumptions.
What could you possibly have going on in your life? Drop it all and concentrate on the only reason why you're there. Don't do what one of my relations did, flame out and end up a prison guard. Or, another relation that ended up bouncing from one sales job to another, never making enough to satisfy his now ex-wife. You got one job. Attend to your studies. Fuck it up right now and it's a mistake you could be regretting every year for the next 50 years. Think I'm being a bit dramatic? That's what's so sinister about the malaise you feel. It makes you think, I'm young, I can come back from any mistake. Ok, so, you choose to climb back up the path you already tread when you see the heights you should have been at if only you'd dug deep and did now what you were supposed to do. Drop all of the bullshit in your life (e.g., girl/boy friends - none of it matters in the long run). Don't penalize yourself when life is hard enough already.
I'm sure their academic malaise will endear them to their partner.
Ok, and did they have their shit together, capable of both their academic studies and a relationship? If not, and they didn't dump the relationship, then your friend wasn't very smart. You go to college once. You have your entire life to find a partner. Unless of course you're pursuing an Mrs degree...
You edited your post after my reply. I'm not saying anyone is doomed. I am saying that some people never recover from the mistakes of their youth.
Then it doesn't sound like this thread applies to him.
I would rather have everlasting death. I can't imagine an after life after 47 trillion years being anything but sheer torture.
Adding him to the list with Walker and Trump.
If she asks any more about this subject, then lay out in a matter of fact manner the concerns you've shared here. She sounds as if she's in dire need of a reality check. Give it to her and move on.
Cats should remain indoors.
https://amp.businessinsider.com/average-height-weight-nfl-nba-players-2014-8 Almost 6'-1", 260 lbs
Citizens, or residents?
So, Australia is in the hands of America? Where will immigrate to when Trump becomes president?
Cats should remain indoors.
The Second Amendment is antiquated and serves little purpose in a modern civilized society.
Sure he did. Got a copy of his post before he removed it?
If we were to form our Bill of Rights today, it would say nothing of our right to carry fire arms. You do realize this document allowed one to carry a fire arm before it extended freedom to blacks or the right to vote to women? Your ability to carry a fire arm only heightens the risk and magnitude of violence in modern day society.
Didn't Jesus attack money lenders? Not so much a pacifist.
But, still not pacifist.
This happens in Wisconsin with all of the Harley riders... fuck those guys.
Which is why it would not be in the New Bill of Rights. We don't need it in modern society.
I stop reading at the first incident of 'deep learning.'
That's exactly what the masses of Harley's do, and they do it with impunity.
Nachos!
Deep Learning is a supposed set of methods allowing insight not otherwise available. It's arrogant and obnoxious.
The hubris to describe it as 'Deep Learning' is what slays me. It's marketing.
Deep neural networks is another nonsensical term. There is nothing deep about any of this.
To start, stop using 'deep' because it doesn't describe anything. Then, focus on the objective and the mechanisms for attaining that objective.
Exactly why using 'deep' as an adjective has no purpose but to convey a hubristic impression of value.
Statistical analyses were capable of revealing multiple layers of latent variables well before the marketers got involved.
Humanity acquires the vast majority of net primary productivity (e.g., 97% of all biomass is human or directed to humans [cows, corn, rice]). To grow requires further reductions in the natural wealth of the planet. This natural wealth is either renewable or stored. Stored wealth is being depleted as we move carbon from the Earth into the atmosphere. Renewable wealth is being depleted (e.g., 80% of the world's marine fisheries are depleted or exhausted) as we replace it with human-centered forms of production. As the global populace increases, we'll have increasing difficulty maintaining, let alone, increasing our standard of living.
The southward migration occurs by individuals born in the northern US and southern Canada going all the way to the high-elevation forests of central Mexico. They've tagged butterflies all throughout the upper Midwest and found them again in Mexico.
Monarchs do not migrate to South America. They migrate to Mexico, which is decidedly North America.
Monarchs are not on a 2-generation per trip. The individuals overwintering In Mexico move to the southern US where they breed and then perish. Their offspring migrate to the upper Midwest (northern US and southern Canada) whereupon they have their 2nd, 3rd, and often 4th generations. These 3rd and 4th generation individuals (the non-breeders) depart from the north and migrate all of the way to Mexico. Some small number may peel off and resume breeding in the south, but there is no evidence that they then go southward. Some of the 5th generation individuals may stay in the south or they may venture to Mexico (this part is not well understood). Nevertheless, most individuals at the end of summer move a couple thousand miles when migrating.
The change in seasons opens the US and Canada to breeding. An adult monarch butterfly moving into the southern US will lay her complement of eggs (several hundred) and then die. Her offspring continue the march northward because milkweed in the south senesces under the hot temperatures and is no longer available. The migration evolved to take advantage of the seasonal availability of resources that wouldn't otherwise be available if they had stayed put.
The auto tune is too much.
I think the question is really whether Kpassognan allows the Chiefs to scissor into a 4-3 while in the same personnel package as their 3-4. I do not believe it does. The scissor would require a player with enough positional flexibility to switch seemlessly between OLB and 4-3 DE. Kpassognan may have the athleticism of a Julius Peppers but I doubt he sees time at OLB given their stated interest in him getting bigger (to 300 lbs).
Cite it the way of your first option.
Why are you being down-voted? Because ensuring that your work is cited is somehow crass? If it is, then why were you selected as a reviewer? Clearly because you demonstrated some expertise, right? And how did you demonstrate this expertise? In the literature this author failed to include. I see nothing wrong with advocating that relevant literature should be cited.
I didn't discern that implication, only that if the reviewer's work was missing then it was missing relevant literature. Regardless, it's within the prerogative of the reviewer to comment how they see fit, and it's the prerogative of the author to rebut those comments again as they see fit.
Jared Allen. I predicted he'd be selected by the Chiefs and he was. I knew he'd be good.
Where I live, we average 12 90 degree days. We've already had 8 and haven't even gotten to formal summer.
I'm glad he didn't kill himself. I'm embarrassed he thought he had too. What kind of world do we live in? I hope it's getting better.
Too bad if they don't want them around.
I absolutely hate this decision. Do the Hunts not remember how poorly led this team was for the better part of the previous 4 decades?
What a fucking idiot.
The problem with this comment is that it fails to recognize that ITs sole purpose is to support the mission, and to do so by supporting the employee. Fuck his IRS-like form. IT works for them. They don't work for IT. IT can go fuck themselves.
Ever hear about the dead salmon with brain activity... according to fMRI
There are too many people harvesting the wealth of America to end war.
After 'Hot Tea' he should have done 'Hot Coffee.'
What is the pig-like creature facing against the cartoon-bubble Viking?
Henslow's sparrows used to be the fastest declining landbird in North America until the advent of the Conservation Reserve Program. Then, as CRP matured it turned around. Unfortunately, with corn-to-ethanol, a LOT of farmers are putting CRP back into corn, removing massive amounts of grass from the landscape. And now farmers wonder why corn prices are so low.
I'm mystified as to why your first reaction is fear rather than rejoicing in having seen a usually elusive wild animal. You and your dog are more at risk by the humans around you than the coyotes.
Thanks for your reply. Can you explain your last sentence?
You can quite readily code (in BUGS, JAGS, STAN) a simple linear or logistic model in a Bayesian fashion but unless you go in with informed priors, it's virtually certain your parameter estimates will be the same as the frequentist methods you're more familiar with. To my mind, the real advantages come in with the ease afforded by Bayesian methods for fitting complex hierarchical models. Edit: I can't seem to get back to this when at work where the resources I want are available. :(
A shadow is two dimensional, but interacts with our three dimensional world.
A shadow is not a human concept.
If you have a parachute, not insane.
Perhaps you're playing a game of semantics. Words are human concepts. That we use words to describe them doesn't make them any less real.
Shadows do interact. We're going to experience the shadow cast by the sun passing behind the moon later this summer. Edit: consider constitutive absences.
This is the only comment worth reading in this thread.
Alabama does not belong in this CFP, even if they win the next two games. They played a worse schedule than Wisconsin and didn’t even make it to their conference’s championship game. They were the SEC’s third or fourth place team. There is no credible argument for placing Alabama in the CFP. The CFP is a joke.
Except they got the wrong 4.
What’s HN?
I spend all day in front of a computer. I haven’t touched a bird in years.
His deep throw accuracy needs to improve (his completion percentage was pumped up by a lot of wide receiver screens and other near-the-line of scrimmage passes). Some of his throws were rather unbelievable, though. Aside from the deep throw to Demetrius Harris, the game-winning drive was incredibly encouraging to see.
I agree with everything you wrote except the unnecessary and inaccurate dig against the ‘entitlement crowd.’ This issue has nothing to do with entitlements and it makes your argument measurably weaker for conflating the two.
I don’t understand the question.
But the S in the title...
You’re missing the point. His deep passes were all over the place and rarely accurate.
He should have been ejected from the game for grabbing the ref.
This looks lovely. Where is this?
Travel. I travel for work and vacation and find that when I’ve been away for even three days, it feels like a week; if I’ve been away a week, it feels like a month. For me, experiencing new things feels as if time is passing at a slower clip.
Their anti-breeding behavior. To avoid incest, their genes stimulate obnoxious behavior which manifests in them arguing with each other incessantly. This in turn prepares me mentally for the day of their departure. If only I could have married them off at 14.
Basically, anything well past the line of scrimmage.
I don’t tip 20% and have never been made to feel as if I’m an ass, let alone yelled at.
What you describe doesn’t sound like a crisis, but a condition all advanced societies should aspire to.
Feedly?
Sudden drop? There’s nothing sudden about what they’re going through. They have time and the wealth to adapt. None of what you suggested is a NEED.
Your team didn’t beat anyone this season and couldn’t even make it into the conference championship. Alabama is the 3rd or 4th best team in the SEC. there were a LOT better choices for that fourth spot. UCF handled Auburn today, something Alabama couldn’t do. Wisconsin beat better teams and played in their conference’s championship. I admire Alabama’s winning ways, but not in this one. It’s entirely undeserved (even if they win these next two games).
You presume that a population in decline needs an economy that grows. It does not. Read works on the steady-state economy (e.g., Brian Czech).
Hit ‘Also show’ and same region and see that Japan is middle of the pack for age dependency. Japan still has time to plan did degrowth.
So young people are caring for older people instead of even younger people. Not a problem. Instead of building schools, they build elder care centers. What you can’t get past is the idea that growth for the sake of growth is good. It isn’t. Things may be a bit out of whack in Japan, but when they show us how to deal with it, the world will be much better off for it.
What’s the delivery charge for if not to pay for the driver and his expenses?
But you did suggest a need for growth, which isn’t in evidence. The lack of growth isn’t the problem, so don’t seek it out as the solution.
Fortunately, the US has no enemies it should need to deploy it against.
When I first saw the movie I did not realize Skywalker wasn’t making tracks in the salt.
You can’t have fertility come up AND not have a growing population unless you’re suggesting a decline less steep than what is currently occurring. If so, then we differ by only degrees.
Guardians of the Galaxy could not have been made without the previous movies. Dr Strange could not have been made without the previous movies. Black Panther for sure could not have been made. So, I would say that they are expanding the scope and spectacle. That they combined these disparate movies into, first, the Avengers and, then, Infinity War proves as much. At no time in cinematic history has a studio pulled off what Marvel is doing right now. It’s really unbelievable.
Ooh, I didn’t notice that either!
A phoebe? I don’t get it.
A fee? Taxes as fees? I’m glad she got it because I still don’t. FWIW Phoebes are black and white all right. But they’re birds. The black phoebe is known to eat bees.
UCF has more right to be in the CFP than Alabama.
How was that pick not a penalty?
I did. Read the post you replied to again.
Unfortunately, the Trump administration just reversed a previous interpretation of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, now no longer criminalizing the day-to-day activities that may result in the harm of birds in the US. Unintentional killing, such as by wind energy generation turbines, oil ponds, timber harvest, development, will no longer be deemed illegal.
Why sort of themes could they pursue? Perhaps I’m misunderstanding what you mean.
Migration is irrelevant next to overpopulation and overconsumption. Regardless, this subreddit is about overpopulation, not migration.
Controlling of the borders will not be enough, and it is laughably naive to believe so. We share a global atmosphere, a global carbon cycle, a global nitrogen cycle. Chemicals produced and applied in one nation end up in the tissues of individuals in other nations. We do not live outside of the influence of individuals living all across the world.
Your last point is about reducing overpopulation. Your first point is about preventing overpopulation. Migration is irrelevant to either. Perhaps it’s a temporary mechanism to dealing with overpopulation, but it is in no way a solution. Understanding the difference between a symptom and the disease and you’ll understand why migration is the least important concern.
This subreddit can be about wallowing in the misery of a die-off or devising means of convincing people it is not necessary. There are many, many strategies for addressing overpopulation (e.g., female reproductive choice, increased child survival, improved economic well-being [tricky this last one]). Nevertheless, this subreddit can’t lose sight of the overriding issue. Focusing on migration is just that.
Zinke is growing a punchable face.
Wisconsin and UCF had more right to the sham that is the CFP than Alabama.
Wisconsin IS one of the four best. Look at OP’s table. Alabama hadn’t beaten anybody until this past game.
My point is that Alabama didn’t deserve the 4th spot in the CFP. They played no one, didn’t win their conference, didn’t even play in their conference championship. Alabama had no credentials sufficient for their inclusion.
Sure, local overpopulation can be a concern. But it’s not the motivation for this subreddit.
How about now?
Did you watch this game? I called this 2.5 months ago.
You err in assuming that I am concerned about overpopulation because of how it affects the lives of people. I am concerned about overpopulation because it is stripping the planet of its biotic heritage. Sure, I care about local overpopulation, but only insofar as its affects on local biota. As far as this forum is concerned, any discussion of immigration that fails to address the underlying motivation of this forum is off-topic.
The Chiefs are the worst fucking team to root for. Better to be a Browns fan, because then you know you can blissfully ignore them and get on with the other important things in life. Being in the purgatory of Chiefs fandom is the worst.
What makes anyone think that this coaching staff is capable of more than 10-6 and a first round playoff loss? I’d rather have complete ineptitude (Browns-level ineptitude) than this more than mediocre but completely crap team.
This team averages 10-6 with Andy Reid. Sure, one year, with an easier schedule, he might lead the team to a couple more wins, but not consistently and not with the possibility of much more. I’d rather not watch at all then watch one more game like yesterday.
There is nothing irrational about my position. Just because it differs from yours does not make it irrational. If you want to discuss migration issues, this is not the forum for it unless they are tightly aligned with the issue of overpopulation. If you insist otherwise, it is you that is irrational. There is nothing more to discuss.
This is why cats should be kept indoors.
I went night diving off Catalina Island outside of Los Angeles. We descended to the bottom. As soon as I touched bottom, this thing started wiggling underneath my foot. Scared the living bejeezus out of me. I sucked down half my tank before I realized what it was.
One of the hair cutters at a place I go brushes her boobs against the back of my head a LOT. I never understood whether she was aware of it, but I wasn’t going to say anything.
This guy is REALLY good. I hope he’s making a lot of money to keep on doing what he’s doing. P.S. the “four thieves” drawing looks like they’ve created hams out of breasts...
If that was an Afghani, he’s not fighting terrorism, he’s fighting a civil war.
I’d rather they were not even close to playoff caliber than to go one-and-done each time. That way I can ignore them and do something more interesting with my time. Now, it’s just agony.
I didn’t say it had no relevance. It has relevance in the context of the subreddit theme.
Kickoff is scheduled for 7:20.
I know I’m going to get downvoted to hell, but that was one of the worst things I’ve ever witnessed at a half time show.
That’s beautiful.
Sounds little different than Kendrick Lamar during halftime of the College Football National Championship.
Which thread is he responding to?
It was R rated because of the one scene with the woman saying fuck 30 or so times. Other than that, I couldn’t tell you anything else deserving of anything more than PG-13.
Can you share where that originally came from? I can’t track it back.
Statistics is like medicine, too broad and too deep to keep up in everything. So I pay particular attention to developments in the analytical routines I most commonly use in my own work (my hammer is state-space modeling).
Can you share an example of what you mean, because I’m not sure I follow, particularly the igraph bit? I think I’ve seen something like this with structural equation modeling.
I have to imagine that this whole notion of it being legal if unintended will get whittled away in court. If I put up a glass building, birds will die. If I am unaware of this, it is unintentional, as soon as I become aware and do nothing, ever after it is intentional.
What’s wrong with calibri? Is it the new arial?
This is about a table, not a data file.
That’s not the point of a table. It’s a table, not a data file.
Table
Your point is not being made. A table is for presentation and no other purpose.
In the real world, the contents of this presentation have no relevance to you.
Then you shouldn’t be confusing the two...
You’re confused about this presentation from OP. It isn’t about analysis or data storage.
That’s not the point of the table that OP presented.
The table OP presented would be printed, in a publication of some sort, it wouldn’t be in an electronic format suitable for you to extract information.
Of course it does, but then when you watch the video you see the difference in meaning.
The design principles in this presentation are meant for a static, published presentation (e.g., a journal article), not Excel and not a web interface. The reader is not expected nor should they desire to order, filter, sort, or slice the data further.
That’s not victim blaming, that’s a statement of fact.
https://www.darkhorseanalytics.com/blog/data-looks-better-naked
You can continue to fight for your notion, but it is in vain and incorrect.
No, but they advise that do.
Then the exclamation of ‘victim blaming’ has no relevance in this matter. One cannot have rational discourse if statements of facts are to be disallowed in favor of emotional exclamations. All facts are relevant. Each party is equally allowed to enter them into discussion. Appeals to emotion (victim blaming) are unhelpful.
Cats should be kept indoors.
Cats should remain indoors.
Because they are an ecological nightmare. Just because they can doesn’t mean they should.
They also devastate bird populations.
Then you’re not paying attention to the conversation. Try again.
“She used to bring me small birds and mice...”
And as OP attested, hers used to bring her small mice and birds.
All birds are special.
Your rationalization is illogical. Gulls are rarely pests, and even in areas where they may be considered to be so, they are not at risk from cats. Same with pigeons, by and large. Whether the sparrows are fat or oblivious to the dangers posed by cats also has no bearing on the topic. They die nevertheless. They die because of ignorance and irresponsibility. Sure, it’s up to every owner of a cat to decide whether they wish to be responsible. They can be responsible for preventing their cat from killing other wildlife, or they can be responsible for it doing so.
True. Cats, having been domesticated, are an extension of the ecological nightmare exacted upon the world’s natural heritage by humans. We are responsible for our actions.
The report you link to suggests cats kill 55 million birds per year. “No effect” would be a misread of the report.
They are harming 55 million birds per year.
Raptors, owls, and other birds prey on and consume plenty of other birds. Cats reducing the bird population could then make it more difficult for these birds to forage on other birds. This unnecessary level of competition would be ended if cat owners kept their cats indoors.
Conclusive evidence? It’s 55 million lives. They don’t need to be associated with a decline in species. That you insist as much shows how callous you are.
It suggests there is insufficient evidence of an effect, not that there is no effect. The larger point is that cats are an unnatural disruption to the area’s ecology, and as pointed out earlier represent an unnecessary competition for predators and unnecessary predation for prey.
Because responsible behavior begins by recognizing irresponsible actions and ending them.
What’s the point of a frat? Particularly at a campus without much of a frat culture?
Unmeasurably small? 55 million is not unmeasurably small.
Frats divide people along arbitrary lines. As OPs experience attests. Edit: I never understood the point in paying for friends, which is required in joining a frat.
If I go out to lunch, I at least get sustenance for the money I expended. What do you get from a frat?
No one said we can’t address both. Don’t excuse one error or failing because of the presence of another larger error or failing. Address both.
I do those things with friends I make rather than those bought.
Zinke is a douchebag of the highest sort.
I don’t get the point of overlaying the mongols and communism.
One alternative would be draconian laws associated with the hiring of illegal immigrants. Rarely is it ever mentioned that we have illegal immigrants because we want them, just like we want our cocaine. The demand side of the problem is rarely addressed when this issue is discussed.
Those don’t look like orcs. They have horns. Orcs do not have horns.
I disagree. It is the natural consequence of our government failing to get its shit together. Piecemeal arrangements like this are not helpful to getting an orderly government.
There is no guarantee anyone will get back pay. That, too, has to be passed as legislation. Some Republicans (e.g., Mnuchin) have suggested a shutdown as a way to save money by not having to pay staff. Never mind that people may lose their homes, cars, and the other disruption resulting from not getting paid...
Essential personnel are those protecting assets, not those informed or capable of running government in the absence of the 95%+ of workers furloughed by the shutdown. This usually amounts to, for instance, facilities folks (i.e., those charged with keeping the heat on), security personnel, and personnel keeping animals alive (i.e., aquaculturists). The radio and television engineers are not essential personnel unless they have a security component to their duties.
https://www.fedsmith.com/2017/12/21/legislation-introduced-guarantee-pay-federal-employees-event-shutdown/ I am a federal employee. This isn’t my first shutdown. Edit: This bill has not passed.
We have notions for what constitutes an orc. If those notions are not abided by, then it is not an orc.
Politicians are exempt. This furlough only pertains to non-political positions within government.
The thing is, we aren’t holding politicians to account. The last time a budget was passed before the start of the FY was 1994.
I’m one of those people.
If you’re hiring, you can talk to whomever you choose. You were given the courtesy of being asked, but under no circumstances are they obliged to even have done so. I ask this type of question to gauge whether there might be something sketchy to uncover. This employer is making a 10-, 20-, 30-year hire hopefully. You should know they’ll be as thorough as possible.
That’s because they are continuing to work and are deemed “essential” personnel. Many of the civilian employees and contractors are not. Those running Armed Forces network, for instance.
If you’re holding a party and people are not enjoying the music, the party will likely come to an end. If you can’t find music everyone can agree is worth listening to without irritation, then you and those you’ve surrounded yourself with are intolerant individuals deserving of one another. Thanks for sparing the rest of us.
Did you ever experiment with breast milk. Costs nothing, leads to improved outcomes, and the package conforms to the need.
My dad wrote me a letter that said I should fuck as many girls and do as many drugs as possible. I thought that was irresponsible, so I did neither of those things.
Why is it so hard to ask to use the seat?
Then they get what they deserve. Nothing.
I’ve spent pretty much everyday of the last twenty years of my career in front of a computer. Don’t get into quantitative ecology.
What does it mean to pass judgement and what consequence does it have? It means nothing to the dead and only to the living. The passing of judgement is for the living and for them to learn the lessons of the past.
How does someone break their leg that easily? Poor nutrition?
I’ve done it off and on for years. It’s tough, though, if you have your child’s activities to attend. Pick your kid up from wrestling, take your kid to dance, feed them before the band concert... kids’ schedules disrupt your intent to work those extra two hours, especially if they’re young.
The ears are not too far removed from where those feathers were poked in.
Millions of Americans are idiots.
This video is rife with hyperbole and biased journalism. It’s full of factual errors and, as someone working in this arena, is really difficult to watch because of how bad it is.
Does Kraft even make real cheese?
Productivity cannot Always increase in a finite world.
I like this. I have more melee weapons than I realized.
I’d reflect on WHY you are writing this review. What is it you hope to achieve when it has been written? What lesson is it meant to convey? I think you start very simply by writing the reason for why this review is worth reading. Just make it as straight forward a task as possible. Then, build incrementally.
I’ve been paying well more than ten years but learned that if you’re not in a plan that pays off the loan in 10 years or are not making standard payments, then you are ineligible. They made the eligibility requirements VERY difficult to understand 10 years ago and now many people are learning their payment program was ineligible.
I don’t follow your argument. IBR and PAYE are not eligible repayment plans for the PLSF.
I can’t see how I’d get rid of DirecTV unless I could get college and professional sports reliably online. My kids don’t watch sports and, therefore, unless they watch a movie or Agents of Shield with us, they never watch on the television.
Being willing to relocate for employment is a necessity of this profession. There are few opportunities relative to the number of individuals willing to do the work. These opportunities have declined in Wisconsin as the Governor politicized and emasculated the DNR. Research and regulatory protection by the DNR has declined mightily, lessening the need for staff. Do not expect to find employment in Wisconsin with the DNR after graduation.
If you are willing to go where the work is, you can very easily find time-limited field positions. I spent several years early in my career doing one field job or another. The work was never permanent, but it was extremely gratifying. However, after a while, you want to put your roots down somewhere. You cannot do that if you are traipsing hither and yon between field jobs. If you aspire to long-term employment, the chances of gaining it with just a bachelors is small. The permanent positions you may wish to pursue are also being pursued by those with graduate degrees.
You’re conflating the topic with irrelevancies. If you think a thot warrior elf is valid, then so should a nigger warrior elf or a chink warrior elf. There is no difference.
You apparently do not understand the word finite.
Do you understand the words ‘completely wrong’ because you keep using them as if you think you do? Just because thot was created last year has no bearing on whether it is sexist. It is by definition sexist. That’s all that matters. Give us a nigger warrior elf and tell me it isn’t the exact same level of disdain for another person AND then tell me how one is allowable and relevant to this forum and the other is not.
Uh, read your comment that I replied to above. It’s in your first sentence in each of your replies to me. Are you sure you’re all right?
And if you think thot is fine in conversation in this forum but nigger is not, then you might not be racist but you’re fine with sexism.
If that dead fish is any evidence, that water is not safe.
Cats should be brought and kept indoors.
If a cat wants? I don’t understand the mindset that cares what a cat wants, but not the wants of the myriad of prey this unnatural predator would consume.
Seems you were a ‘beer seller.’ http://arcana.wikidot.com/beer-seller
The comment section on the other one is closed.
This is why cats should be brought and kept indoors.
I didn’t see either one having a disability as this video suggests at the end.
That‘s a problem. Outdoor cats are devastating to wildlife, as the video alludes to.
Rabbits aren’t the issue. Birds are. Hundreds of millions a year succumb to cats key outdoors.
Cats are not nature any more than deer-vehicle collisions are nature.
There is no meaningful discourse in today’s political landscape. It’s all about power, the acquisition and execution of it. There is no compromise for there is no common vision for America.
What’s this about vaulting the bush? I love the bush. ;)
Cats should be brought and kept indoors
I attended a conference in Mexico and every single speaker mentioned The Wall. They knew an American delegation was there and it was their effort at making a point that they were none too happy. They were still absolutely fabulous people though.
What you experienced is called Littlewood’s Law. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Littlewood's_law
Cats should be brought and kept indoors.
I know! I, too,find it hard to believe people let their cats out to terrorize wildlife.
More Trump buffoonery.
Cats should be brought and kept indoors.
I don’t farm hardly at all, build very little, and enjoy skulking around until shit gets serious and then running like a madman into the fray. I don’t think building ridiculous structures serves the game much.
Wind farm bird kills are not a myth. There is plenty of evidence of it occurring all of the time.
More Trump buffoonery.
Why is this in WTF? This is awesome!
I agree.
Good thing the gun didn’t accidentally go off and shoot the woman rounding the aisle when ‘ole Tex grabbed the bad guy.
Too slow.
Is bioengineering so similar to materials engineering that the avenue of study doesn’t matter?
Is this r/facepalm?
Which one is headhunter?
How do you know this? I’ve seen no lore about Fortnite.
I don’t see anything wrong with this idea. What problem are you having with it?
But murdering people with swords and spells is ok?
I don’t know the exact play in this scenario, but if she’d been a fleeing pregnant goblin, would that have made a difference? Seems like the alignment choices of the characters were really stressed here and in this way this was a good test for role playing. Most of the time we see black and white depictions when the more interesting play is in the gray.
I thought it was a great consequence of killing someone in the lake and then having to spend time trying to figure out what they had. This is not an improvement, to my mind. Each place should have its unique features, and for loot lake this was one of them.
No way. I find it absolutely hilarious when I get shot down and then crawl away while the enemy tries to dispatch me with their pickaxe and can’t find where I am. I’ve actually crawled to safety that way.
Supporters of Trump are more dangerous to the persistence of America than al Qaeda or ISIS ever were.
The President demanding the renunciation of due process for ‘suspected’ illegal immigrants. Civil forfeiture. Mass incarceration. These are just some extreme ideas that are antithetical to American principles.
