[Relevant cracked](http://www.cracked.com/article_19940_5-myths-you-probably-believe-about-famous-landmarks.html)
Too many fan theories boil down to "It was all in his mind".
Carry a gun; it's much more effective than pepper spray.
You shouldn't conceal a gun in your purse, and one can easily carry concealed without any pockets.
[Alternate Link](http://x-incest.com/stories/considerateparents.html)
Go on...
I always use my elbow when striking a wall, much less chance of injury.
He kicked the Sandman's ass in that underground sewer scene.
Someone didn't follow rules 1 &amp; 2
It's people like him who soil the good reputation of Bondage Discipline Sadism and Masochism.
What if my future self is just as single as my current self?
Fine, I guess I'll bite the bullet and nail Khloe Kardashian...
Last year I took a few days off work because my grandmother really was in the hospital. Pretty sure my boss thinks i was BS-ing him.
"Do as you're told and you'll live" doesn't really sit well with us Yankees.
Fair enough. Most of my first dates are with girls I barely know.
Wow, you just made this 29 yr old feel very unaccomplished.
Catelina from Space Cases.
They said I could be anything, so I became a turtle.
How else can we get our PDA on?
Go on...
Come at me bro! I watch UFC all the time!
Congrats on your weight loss, though I think both photos are very pretty!
If you ain't cheatin' you ain't tryin'
This has gone over my head as well.
She has another man inside her. I guarantee it.
The principle of stealing?
That's just something guys tell themselves when they're not charming enough to get laid on the first date.
He's still around. Just isn't involved in any episode plots.
Hard to believe all it takes to puncture your tank is a gravel road and a heavy foot.
You need to put this on r/aww ASAP!
Monique. Her characters in Domino and Precious:Based on the Novel Push by Sapphire have caused me to automatically hate her.
When you want to pop your neck/back/knee, but it won't pop!
If you enter the room I'm in and turn on more lights, you'd better turn them off when you leave!
I take my shirt off when shitting, just in case.
The ability to each junk food, never exercise, and still be in shape.
The problem though is that if I follow the proper channels then my resume will end up in a pile with a hundred other ones, assuming it isn't filtered out by Taleo.
[Source](http://www.fux.com/video/187425)
Goals vs Habits is also the central thesis of Scott Adams' self help book *How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big* I've read it several times and loved it.
My jaw literally dropped.
Cabin in the Woods
Sidequel or Midquel
Good Lawd! They've never looked that big before!
Isn't oil simply storing the sun's energy?
We're still talking about clubbing, right?
My last name rhymes with a certain mexican food, and a popular corn chip. The amount of nickels I'd get from hearing people make fun of the similarity would net far more than $73
Serious question: could I start selling stripped machine gun receivers as decorative paperweights? To what extent can one skirt the law in this manner?
They're not assholes towards the people who can harm them financially.
One of the ILM guys specifically says they went out of their way to make sure the thumbs up didn't resemble a certain other gesture. [link](http://www.mtv.com/news/2727582/bb-8-thumbs-up-star-wars/)
I wouldn't consider "cutie" to be a pet name.
When a girl wears tit curtains, those loose shirts that just sort of hang off the boobs, kinda like a bedsheet on a clothesline.
Oops, I didn't even notice. How embarrassing!
And for him it's just another day at the office.
The search bar
Crazy how (at the time) Furious 7 set a new record for fastest to $1 billion.
Such piercing eyes!
I want one.
You may have your cause and effect mixed up. They carry purses because their clothes don't have usable pockets.
This is a good reminder for me to never let myself be alone with a child.
I've been trying to replicate the Tobey Maguire Spider-Man look, as seen [here](http://i.imgur.com/Fc6gZzP.png)
This should be a confession bear.
At university I met a guy who asked if I was interested in making extra money; 2 days later I was at an Amway presentation. Last year my MMA coach tried to recruit me for a coffee sales pyramid scheme.
I think OP is talking about #1 all time, not #1 of the year.
That whole family was hot. You had Mimi Rogers, Heather Graham, and Lacey C!
Shareholders care more about the next quarter, and less about long term profitability.
Only if some stupid tree huggers decide to "liberate" those monkeys.
The problem is that for every Chris Pratt, there are 100 other people who also worked their ass off and never succeeded.
As I recall, the bug planet orbited near an astriod belt, and its gravity occasionally disturbed the astriod's orbits and nudged them towards earth.
I know what I'm doing next time I go to the dentist!
Hit it and quit it.
I limited myself to a degree with good economic value. Years later I still haven't reaped the financial rewards.
I'm guessing you learned this from experience.
I don't notice any balding, and I'd kill to have that much hair again.
I'm fairly certain if I went a week or two without masturbating, and then had sex with a sufficiently hot girl, I could easily finish in under a minute.
Emily Borne?
Anyone else think Simba looks a little effeminate?
No politician wants to be the guy who advocates for the addicts. His/her opponents would shout "this guy wants to help people get high!"
I stopped buying dvds once I discovered Yify.
Neither studios nor theatres care about tickets sold, they care about how much money they're making. Also a lack of ticket price data, combined with currency fluctuations, makes it nearly impossible to estimate foreign ticket sales.
If the child dies and both parents lose their genitalia in a freak accident then they can get a Darwin award.
Does one giant expense justify another?
I hate Office Space because Peter Gibbons has a nice office job and is so ungrateful.
&gt;Such as? Matthew M learned about the secret facility view the coordinates from the bookshelf. But it turns out he was responsible for the bookshelf gravity anomaly. So how did he find out about the coordinates in the first place? The wormhole was created by future humans. But the future humans only exist because humanity was saved due to Matthew M and company going thru the wormhole. The movie has multiple infinite regressions.
I assume he forgave her.
&gt;He explicitly asks TARS for the coordinates in the movie while they are floating in the tesseract. That doesn't make it less of a plot hole. The chain of events which lead to him being inside the tesseract started when he found the coordinates. But he was only able to give himself the coordinates because he was inside the tesseract. And I don't see why you're acting as though a time travel paradox isn't a type of plot hole.
Well that's not what I wanted to hear.
&gt;According to your logic FTL space travel and worm holes shown in movies must be plot holes as well because we haven't figured out how they will work if they exist. If you really think my logic leads to that conclusion then I don't know what to tell you.
In the video the gorilla was being pretty rough.
On many occasions I've sent follow-up emails and never heard back.
Right, "better". Most movies which undergo extensive reshoots don't end up being good.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine. The slo-mo walk away from the exploding helicopter, the big "NOOOO!!" when Kayla "dies", the serum that causes death-like symptoms, and etc.
No, most would be in hospital gowns, underwear, or naked. Once they're in the ground they ain't getting out of the coffin.
He could sell 1/2 inch dowels.
I don't think it's meant to be taken literally. It's more like "keep your customers happy".
What's the catch?
Someone told me there isn't a single recorded case of a person drowning due to food induced swimming cramps.
I'd like to see a Kaiju post apocalypse movie.
Seems like there's some serious stresses on the teeth when it changes direction.
Using a knife to slice an apple and then eat the slices right off the blade.
Eva Mendes when she played "Roxanne Simpson" in Ghostrider.
But self posts don't contribute to your karma.
For serious?
Not fully erased. A brief clip from *Origins: Wolverine* can be seen when Xavier reads Logan's mind in *Days of Future Past*.
&gt;He told himself through time.. not that hard to understand. I know he told himself. It's a bootstrap paradox.
Marvel has a hard time holding onto directors because they (the directors) aren't allowed a lot of artistic freedom. Whedon and Favreau are the only guys to direct more than one Marvel movie.
Calm down pal.
RemindMe! 1 month "visit this thread once Civil War has exceeded $400 mil"
A good book, movie on my laptop, and iPad.
When did it stop being acceptable for action heroes to have some flab on them?
Cuckold. I can't grasp the notion of wanting to see my GF cheat on me.
Adam Carolla said it was the worst scene because it brings the plot to halt and doesn't fit with the rest of the movie.
More than 20% of all actors who played Sherlock Holmes are dead. Is that role also cursed?
Indeed.
Did someone make one of these for gorilla experts?
I liked Terrence Howard's version of Rhodes way more than D Cheadle's version. I'd replace Cheadle with Howard in IronMan 2 and all subsequent Marvel movies.
Mother of God!
Are telling me Foreman didn't invent the Foreman Grill?!?
I literally cannot fathom this thought process. God forbid you have sex with a guy whom you like.
r/mildlyinfuriating
Can a mod please put some kind of flair warning on this?
How old are you?
&gt; ten main characters, all of which should be well-developed Say what? The original X-Men didn't have 10 well developed characters, and it did just fine.
Reminds me of when Joe Biden "advised" people to shoot their guns in the air.
If you're buying insurance then you're paying other people's medical expenses. It's just being done on a private basis instead of a public basis.
I'm comfortable with letting a crack smoking morbidly obese fellow die without intervention.
Based on the empirical evidence if your name isn't Burton or Nolan then you can't make a good Batman movie. Maybe Affleck can do a good job if the studio doesn't interfere. I'd say WB is batting .500 in terms of making good Batman movies.
&gt;Shock waves are always moving faster than the local speed of sound How can that be?
A pair of [Great Tits](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/86/GreatTit002.jpg)
In Radio Flyer there are 3 possible interpretations: 1) The little brother flew away in his flying machine. 2) The littler brother dies at the end, but Tom Hanks pretends he flew away. This fantasy is preferable to dealing with the knowledge that The King killed his brother. This would also explain why The King was arrested at the end. 3) The little brother was a figment of Tom Hank's imagination. In this scenario The King abused young Tom Hanks. Tom Hanks deals with the abuse by creating a Tyler Durden-esq younger brother, and pretending the brother is the one being abused. I like the #2 the best, #1 is pretty dumb and #3 seems contrived. #2 makes for a more emotional story, since Tom Hanks copes with the death of his brother by imagining he's still alive, going on adventures in his Radio Flyer.
Her tits have roughly doubled in size since then.
Piracy means studios can't afford to take as many risks, and have to stick with safe bets (i.e. sequels, remakes, reboots, and adaptations). That's why 4 of Pixar's next 5 movies are sequels.
I think 1 or 2 jump scares is fine, but most movies use way too many.
I like the ihop.
Is there something in the photograph that leads you to believe that, or are you just skeptical a tornado can be this big?
I agree, the director's cut is a much better ending.
Hank McCoy?
It's unlikely. Only once has a sequel out grossed a $400+ million predecessor, and that was Catching Fire.
I'm talking about immediate predecessors. Jurassic Park 3 didn't make $400 mil. Episode I's immediate predecessor was Return of The Jedi, which also didn't make $400 mil.
It's totally possible for Episode 8 to outgross Ep 7, but the odds are against it. In terms of quality, it needs to be as good or better than Ep 7, and the marketing has to be on point. Also Ep 7 was the first Star Wars movie in over a decade, whereas Ep 8 will be the third in a 2 year period. And if Rogue One isn't beloved, that could also hurt Ep 8. In general, movies with massive grosses don't build their audience with a sequel, they retain or lose audience.
&gt;There will inevitably be a marathon showing of 4-7, which will count partially towards FA's BO. Something tells me it will be counted towards Episode 8's box office, similar to how they had a marathon showing of Ep 1-6, and those ticket sales were added to Ep 7's opening weekend.
Are "boat kites" different from parasailing?
I don't know if they won, but we damn sure lost.
&gt;Alison Tyler Even with those big scars around her nipples?
Being good-looking is always an advantage.
&gt;I should be able to pay for just that show, not every single show that HBO makes. And until then you'll just continue stealing their content!
This is why I envy chubby chasers. If you're into fat girls then it's like you're surrounded by 10s.
I wouldn't steal it and then tell myself I've done nothing wrong. That's for sure.
I have to disagree. Fantasy films which don't have "Potter" or "Rings" in the title tend to disappoint.
I don't care if you steal content or not. You don't need to rationalize your actions to me.
North by Northwest Prior to seeing that I thought Hitchcock only did weird horror movies, didn't realize he also made action thrillers / spy movies.
It's hypnotic
You forgot the horrible traffic, drought, massive budget deficit, and ridiculous taxes &amp; cost of living.
&gt;Traffic is bad, but it depends a great deal on the location In my experience Cali traffic is always bad, regardless of time or location, unless you're way out in the middle of nowhere. &gt;Ridiculous taxes? Compared to where? California ranks about 16th for taxes: Your source is from 2002. [Here's one](http://deslide.clusterfake.net/?o=html_table&amp;u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.forbes.com%2Fpictures%2Femeg45efhjf%2Fintroduction%2F) that's slightly more recent.
"Mantis Ray" sounds like a cheesy low budget sci fi film from the producers of Sharknado.
&gt;Pretty glaring problem if they think ejaculating = finished [imgur.com/KzPvhSn.gif](http://i.imgur.com/KzPvhSn.gif)
Maybe they think a good president will burn the system down.
I always downvote any gif on here which ends too soon, but it doesn't seem to do much good.
Or people who talk about "rape by fraud". Like if a guy pretends he's rich just so he can hook up with a girl, and then afterwards she learns the truth.
You'd fuck them both without hesitation.
Will a lady let me touch her breast if I ask politely?
Patience grasshopper...
My mistake, according to the internet adult film database she's 25.
What a shock!
Gaming and the Donald.
Bystanders can post grainy/blurry cell phone vids, but only Peter can deliver pristine 4k close up Spider-Man footage.
They do look somewhat bigger than in her earlier works.
I like her fakies. Big naturals are the best of course, but a well done pair of big fake ones are better than small real ones.
Can you do an AMA?
Fair or unfair, the guys comment aligns nicely with certain stereotypes regarding gamers' and Trump supporters' attitude towards women.
Some people think tattoos can make one sexier. I don't, but some people do.
"Tough on crime" is a good way to get elected. And no politician wants to stick their neck out for the rights of accused criminals.
Is this like when people say "too bad Lucas and Speilberg never made a 4th Indy movie"?
I can't, it's not my van. I just walked by it the other day.
Sadly it's not mine. That's the only picture I have.
I like how the alien looks down on humans even though he's their prisoner.
Sensing time, I like this one!
I don't any pro-lifers are arguing an unfertilized egg with a sperm next to it counts as a person.
I see it too
Suppressing the stories of muslim refugees in Europe sexually assaulting people.
But if it lives in water then the crushing would be counteracted by it's buoyancy.
Game of Thrones. From what I hear it's hard to follow and all the good characters dies.
Your estimate of 33.3 million tickets sold is almost worthless. You can't simply divide the worldwide total by the average US ticket price and expect to get an accurate count of tickets sold. You'd have to take each country's gross and divide by that country's average ticket price. For older movies you also have to adjust for currency fluctuations. This is why it's almost impossible to get accurate data for foreign ticket sales.
Nightcrawler
That's one of the nicest butts I've ever seen!
Why no dishwasher?
As gorgeous as she is, her vids are pretty lackluster.
Turns out different people have different ideas of what is common sense. Who knew...
&gt;reasonable capacity One man's "reasonable" is another man's "unreasonable".
&gt; 12 months without sex is a long time when you think about it =/ http://i.imgur.com/zG6l8Ug.jpg
Neither box cutters nor air travel are mentioned in the bill of rights.
Red and orange are the most visited spots on the board (other than jail). The railroads are overrated, they might be decent trade fodder, but nothing more. I like to control one of the dark blue spots, just for peace of mind.
Sure they are, what do you think "arms" means?
I always wonder how Jackson convinced New Line to let him make the LOTR trilogy. At the time there was nothing on his resume to indicate he was remotely capable of pulling it off.
They couldn't learn morse code online for free like normal people?
Luckily propane has terrific energy density.
Unless you have a time machine or the ability to communicate with dead people, you don't know whether or not they'd been thought of.
Are they stealing energy from alternate universes?
Please write some Avatar fan fic novels! I'll read them!
Batmanning!
At the end when he's sitting in the car smiling at Vin Diesel, his face is a bit uncanny valley-ish. But that's the only moment in the whole movie where it's evident he's a special effect.
All he needs now is an oil slick.
I was disappointed that she didn't serve the semen tainted lemonade to the customers.
Of course. But within the context of the story, it'd be funny if she were serving the semen to "unsuspecting customers".
I'm assuming Beast could restore his external appearance without affecting his healing ability.
Did they break the curse? They both earned less than their precursors.
Many people's boobs are too small to hang or flop.
Spoilers: Kirk is injected with the healing blood, so it probably fixed any miscellaneous health issues when it brought him back to life.
In Inception, Leo screws up a job early in the movie, causing some hit men to try to kill him. Then the plot gets going and the bounty on his head is never mentioned again.
From the same Synopsis: "Eames agrees before telling Cobb he's being tailed, pointing to two men at the bar. Cobb recognizes them as Cobol thugs who must be aiming to collect the bounty on his head for the botched Saito job. Eames creates a distraction while Cobb escapes, leading the thugs on a chaotic chase through the city streets." After that chase Cobal and the bounty are never mentioned again.
That bugged me too
Blank Check
Except for *The Dark Knight Rises*. That's the only Nolan movie which r/movies will allow us to criticize. Incidentally I love *Inception* and will gladly over look that one plot hole.
Our messy method of procreation which involves the exchange of bodily fluids.
I also like a prominent nose. "Jewish nose" seems horribly racist, but I can't think of a better descriptor.
But it is what harbors are built for.
Exactly. OP's girl has more text personality than any girl I've ever met
Something tells me the textbook companies won't just sit back and allow their profits to shrink.
It was never used, but if Titanic had flopped: "The Titanic Sinks Again" "20th Century Fox was sunk by Titanic" "Titanic doesn't live up to its name"
So that's what boobs look like when there's no gravity.
I once accidentally rented a VHS copy of *Home Alone* the had audio descriptions for the visually impaired.
[http://i.imgur.com/qdr7S5r.gif](http://i.imgur.com/qdr7S5r.gif)
*Kevin is aiming the gun at Marv's crotch*
The noses I like are best described as "jewish noses".
Some of that energy is propelling the battery across the table, instead of heating it up.
Maybe that's a dolphin
I remember reading an old "Computers for Dummies" book, and it said 64 Mb of RAM was ridiculously high.
Something about not taking "no" for answer.
Be sure to cook it well done.
Paramount made boatloads of money when they gave Transformers to Bay.
In Spider-Man 3 when Spidey rips open the sewer pipe and the rivets pop off one by one and water hits the Sandman.
[They forgot about the floating heads / collage poster](http://imgur.com/a/O5yHF)
But they looked so wonderful in the shop!
You could start by fixing that broken link so other people can see the circuit diagram.
And a lot of black people are Catholic.
But they post a screenshot as evidence!
Tomato tomahto. Baptists aren't known for their support of gay rights either.
They're not in circulation until you spend them. A bottomless vault of money won't affect the economy unless you're deliberately trying to cause a crash.
That's the cutest cat ever!
A bigger success would be if you didn't waste the dad's time by arresting him in the first place.
He'll still have an arrest record, not to mention having to hire a lawyer and take time off work to defend himself.
I love the Bay-formers movies (except for the 4th one).
[There's no ebonics in the actual quote.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfPWpEKhgfk)
Video does not exist
Why does your youtube link take me to Independence Day's IMDB page?
I thought the barrel scene was ridiculously awesome and crazy.
My issue with First Class is how it blatantly contradicts the previous 4 movies
Complete with cartoonishly bad cgi gremlin monsters. Knowing Hollywood they'd probably make Gizmo cgi as well.
I love the first 3 transformers movies
I remember Krampus had some lovely cgi gingerbread men.
I used to have that job. It's surprising how fast you get used to it and forget you're unnaturally high off the ground.
No, you'll complain on the interweb for a few days and return to your normal life.
I thought she was annoying, and didn't like how she kept endangering Alex and the others by talking about the guard.
I hope not because she'll die in prison if she does.
She definitely gets less sympathetic as the show progresses, but I don't think she deserves full on hatred like Black Cindy does.
I volunteer as tribute!
Wouldn't the time of year affect it's accuracy?
[You were saying...](http://www.boxofficemojo.com/movies/?id=marvel2016.htm)
The douchebag defense against the dark arts teacher from *Harry Potter 2* is also the guy who directed *Thor*.
I'll take the one on the left, you take the one on the right.
I wonder if they'll be more faithful to the book and retain some of the complexities which were lost in the movie.
Something tells me you wouldn't be okay with a Republican pardoning one of their own, just for the sake of saying FU to the Democrats.
If she was hotter would you have reacted differently?
You wasted a perfect chance to use a pic of the soup nazi.
&gt;Chris picked tiny Ali up by her waist I gotta get back in the gym
F7 made almost 50% more than F6 domestically, and more than twice as much overseas. That's an unprecedented jump for a 7th entry in a franchise. Walker's death clearly had a huge impact on F7's box office.
Reminds me of Animorphs, when David (in eagle morph) does that to Rachel (in owl morph).
Are you being serious or is this one of those things where we pretend certain bad sequels don't exist?
A literal ton of tits.
I'm pretty sure it's not your current religion which is preventing you from marrying them.
I know Jenna has huge ones, but I don't think they're quite this big.
I enjoyed it as well.
He can't be that religious if he's okay with premarital sex.
I can't bring myself to spend money for airplane wifi. I'm always certain it'll be slow as fuck.
Or a large city.
$7 for a can?!? That's fucked up.
Isn't the joke funnier if OP is portraying a gun owner who lacks gun safety knowledge?
I assumed you did that on purpose to depict a typical "dumb 'merican who's ignorant about gun safety".
Is [this one](http://i.imgur.com/jUHQ0Hd.jpg) loaded?
Legally it's a gun.
God damn!
But if they're doing absolutely nothing then they can't be fucking things up anymore than they already have.
It bugs me she keeps avoiding psych or shu. It'd save the others a lot of headaches.
I had a roommate would tell girls "you need to leave because I have another girl coming over." He was my spirit animal.
Huge boobs is the only explanation I can think of.
Why...
It makes sense to give the most money to the high-grossing directors. Like it or not Michael Bay is a safer investment than Iñárritu or Scorsese.
I remember back in '06 when the trailer for Children of Men played in the theatre, afterwards my friend leaned over and whispered "have they just run out of movie plots?"
Domino has a plot so complicated at one point a diagram appears on screen to explain it.
That is a big-ass eagle!
Up. You'll cry at least 3 times, maybe more.
How do girls get their hair all puffed up like that?
If a plastic toy is completely melted down and then recast into an identical toy, would it retain the same identity/soul or would it effectively be a new toy with a different soul?
You could probably sell The One Ring and Mjolnir to a supervillain and then retire as a billionaire.
I saw the prequel so I don't have to imagine it.
Is gasoline a fan theory or does it have some semi-official source behind it?
Is this one of those things where the lady walks around in public with jeans that are painted on.
Better for him to spread rumors than for you to give birth to an unwanted child. Remind me to never go to Missouri.
Why is Daya using her middle finger for the trigger instead of her index finger?
Especially after you punched the mobster's wife in the tit.
Sophia was thrown in seg ostentatiously for "her own protection", but really it was just because the higher ups didn't want to deal with the issue of inmates turning on her after the Gloria incident. Then Sophia made things worse by cutting her wrists and burning her mattress (not a good strategy for getting out of seg). It took the threat of a lawsuit and media scandal for the corporate guys to realize they were better off if Sophia went back to gen pop.
I like her because she's hot.
&gt;I loved that the other girls embraced and comforted her after the fact, and didn't try and reprimand her. They all know she has severe mental problems Which is why she needs to be in psyche!
In one episode Sophia refers to herself a "she-male" and a "tranny".
What did Piper do that was irredeemable?
The first *Independence Day* sold almost as many tickets as *The Avengers*. *ID:R* will be lucky to sell 1/5 as many.
How was he not dragged out of the car and left on the sidewalk?
Clooney credits that movie with making him an A-list star. If not for Batman, today Clooney would probably be known as the guy from ER.
I'd love to see Jason Bourne fight Black Widow. His gritty meat 'n potatoes fighting style would be a nice contrast to her flashy over the top fight moves.
Sound effects really help sell a fight scene. Watch Rocky 4 without the sound and you'll notice none of the punches actually connect. But hearing a heavy thud helps make it real.
This would be really racist if 500 were evenly divisible by 3.
Good point. There must be a several hour transitional period between initial exposure and total body infection, during which you're still you.
I'm 29 and have never understood the male obsession with putting it in her butt.
That's racist. OP looks like a white version of your friend.
Clearly you haven't handled any real ones.
Pitch Perfect
I watched the first 45 minutes and Spoilers: It was basically the same sequence repeated over and over. Scar Jo drives a van, finds a man, lures him to his death, repeat. Is there an actual plot or is that how the remainder of the movie proceeds as well?
It's more dramatic when a good person does something bad. Like in *Crash* when the rookie cop is disgusted by the older cop's racism, then later on the rookie does something very racist.
I guess I'm the only one who enjoyed it when Linda pulled a gun on the lady.
I like to imagine he got a better job somewhere far away, forgets all about Daya &amp; the prison, and lives happily ever after.
She's not rich and doesn't have any power over him. That's why.
It seems like they had a pretty good super soldier serum in *The Incredible Hulk*, which they used on Blonsky.
Damn so fancy! I just use a disposable single-bladed bic and some shave gel.
A degree in mechanical engineering ~1 year experience in manufacturing (solar) ~1 year experience as a field engineer (telecom)
But the second you try to get someone else to satisfy your needs, suddenly you're the bad guy!
No. We got all the necessary info via the flashbacks, a prequel/spinoff would be redundant. Of course I hate prequels in general so I might be biased.
It's too late for Poussey, but Caputo can still protect Bayley. The inmates can't see Bayley as anything other than a murderer, and their testimony won't accurately reflect the complexities of the situation, so Caputo is preemptively discrediting them. He is going after MCC, which is why he mentions Bayley was set up to fail. He's saying "don't trust the inmates or MCC".
If TFA made a crapton of money, then I think Rogue 1 will make half a crapton.
[The average Jeff Goldblum movie](http://www.boxofficemojo.com/people/chart/?view=Actor&amp;id=jeffgoldblum.htm) earns $64 million. [Will Smith's average gross](http://www.boxofficemojo.com/people/chart/?view=Actor&amp;id=willsmith.htm) is $124 million.
Don't think it was intended as a compliment.
Which part of that is a problem?
NY isn't exactly a bastion of freedom. Come to Arizona and see some real freedom.
&gt; she was imprisoned for a half and once is it What are you trying to say?
Skimmed the article. A lesbian died in season 1. Did the article writer boycott that season as well? Or does the character have to be a person of color in addition to being gay?
Her initial crime was pretty damn selfish. I remember what Sister Ingalls said: "you got what you needed, and your family paid the price" or something like that.
This comment is hilarious in hindsight.
I sure the first one will flop and the subsequent sequels will never get made.
I think some franchises are more critic-proof than others.
One guy said "stop trying to be funny and just be funny". That's... helpful
I put in my user name and the info was totally wrong. It didn't even correctly state how much karma I have.
How would one use a staple as a cutting instrument?
I'd be thrilled if Neil B's Alien 5 is re-greenlit.
When a persons face is fucked up, like in *The Ring*.
ID:R might not crack $100 mil domestic. "Mediocre" is a very kind way to put it.
Or a gun.
Ferris Bueller. He's 18 years old and more charming than James Bond, more charismatic than Han Solo, and more loveable than Jack Sparrow.
If it has lots of sandworm action then I'm down.
It's like a xenomorph's inner jaw.
Excuse me for a second.
!Remindme 3 days
An orgy with a large number of participants or a number of large participants?
Is that offer only valid for bigchumchum? Or can other redditors get in on this as well?
When a girl adjusts her boobs/bra.
!Remindme 3 months
The way some of those gun loaning laws are written, I could go to prison for being at the shooting range and handing a gun to my friend.
It's sad that in many places you're forbidden to use a gun for this purpose.
I remember reading a book which said our current lifespans have more to do witht modern bathrooms than modern hospitals. As in sanitation &gt; medicine.
[It appears as though the clone grabs onto the hilt with his left hand almost as soon as he's impaled, thus preventing the saber from falling down and cutting him in half.](http://i.imgur.com/wBPNWwj.png)
She may never be back on top, but doesn't she still have the option of fighting lesser fighters, working her way up the ladder, and rebuilding her credibility?
[This article](http://rationallyspeaking.blogspot.com/2010/07/mr-potato-head-and-philosophy.html) goes into depth about how the tortilla scene reveals how Mr P H may be a hive mind, with each body part contributing to an overall collective consciousness.
When I saw Office Space as a teenager, I loved it. When I saw it again as an unemployed adult (who'd kill for an office job), I hated it.
Try to look at it from the customer's point of view: they don't care about company policy, they just want to get their needs met so they can go on with their lives. Plus company policy tends to favor the company, which sucks for customers.
He lost he eye of the tiger.
RemindMe 10 months "was this reversed in Thor 3?"
RemindMe! 11 months "was this reversed in Thor 3?"
Vampires are sensitive to UV radiation, but moonlight contains such a tiny amount of UV rays that it's basically negligible.
Am I the only one thinks that office just appeared out of nowhere in season 6?
Plus the "now hiring at Dunder Mifflin" flyer would give viewers the wrong impression.
Nibbler's turds are many orders of magnitude heavier than a bowling ball.
That'd be a very overweight pitbull.
I give everyone the same Christmas present, a fresh crisp $20 bill.
They revealed that before BvS even ended.
I don't think Franklindeer is trying to justify anything.
In what world is Tessa Fowler considered chubby?
I'm guessing they used texture scissors to artificially thin out his hair.
Even The Force Awakens didn't make back its budget in its opening weekend.
But Disney doesn't get the entire $529 mil, they only get about half that much.
But Disney didn't get the entire $529 mil, they only got about half that much.
In my experience, lunch as a first date gives women a total "let's just be friends" vibe.
Except for the part where nothing resembling rape actually happens in the movie.
Any more tired jokes /dead horses your like to share?
Longshot
Aren't gen-exers the ones who instilled the shitty values? They're the generation between baby boomers and millennials.
It takes a lot of effort to reach cruising speed. If no cars are coming then I'm not going to stop just because some stupid light tells me to.
The *Dean* is almost overjoyed at the prospect of making Ferris suffer. "I’m gonna catch this kid and put one hell of a dent in his future. 15 years from now, when he looks back at the ruin his life has become, he’ll remember Edward R. Rooney."
Yes, her vag.
That's not a diagram, and I don't think you're the one who made that.
Rena Thorn / LaTaya Roxx
Honestly I thought Blade Runner was pretty boring. The first act made it seem like it'd be a fun futuristic sci-fi action movie, but instead it was a slow paced film with long stretches of nothing happening.
What if a hobbit used a long selfie stick to keep the ring 2 meters away at all times?
He's an executive producer (though admittedly that's kind of a BS credit which can mean almost anything in terms of level of involvement).
I thought young Michael Douglas had a bit of wax figure thing going on.
Zombieland's romantic subplot helped drive the main plot forward, since it led to the crazy 3rd act theme park zombie battle.
&gt;There are a couple blogs I really love about the inspiration behind Halo's design. The first compares Halo 1 to the Aliens film. The second explores the science behind the Halo ring. Can you post a link to those 2 blogs? I'd love to read them.
He's oblivious and kind of an idiot. It seemed perfectly consistent with his character for him to not invite her.
I hate her because she tried to steal Andy's job. She was a bully and that's not cool.
Looks like we have a [Celebrity Paradox](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/CelebrityParadox)!
In this case they did.
But the military won't touch you until your legal issues have been resolved. And once they're resolved then there's nothing compelling you to enlist.
There's so much wrong with what you said. If you're on parole then that means you've already been convicted of a crime, and have spent some amount of time in prison. That means it's waaay too late to drop the charges (since you've already been convicted of said charges). But maybe you meant probation, not parole. Even so, you can't enlist until you've successfully completed your probation. And once your probation is over, there's nothing the judge can do to force you to enlist. Same with dropping the charges. The military won't take you until your charges have been dropped. And if the charges have been dropped then no one has any leverage over you to make you follow thru on your promise to enlist.
Holy crap 1980 was almost 40 years ago!
Calm down. The movie references will be gone in a day or two, and everything will be back to normal.
There's a million cam girls out there, what's special about her that makes her unnamable?
It existed thru the Battle of Endor as well, since it's visible during the Courasant celebration of Palpatine's death in Return of the Jedi.
I'm sorry the content isn't living up to your expectations. Maybe if you keep whining then things will get better.
That's a great way to break your hand.
But it's the first time you've seen it without cutting off too soon!
That's the source vid's fault, not mine.
I don't get it.
Ever since Iron Man 3, all of his standard suits appear to be of the mobile/portable variety.
Asian women are fetishized in a way that Asian men are not.
Was Obama so naive that he thought congress wouldn't block him?
The cars were the self driving cars bult by humans. Over time the cars became more advanced, until they were self aware. Eventually humans lefts earth (or died off), but the cars stayed behind and evolved into what we see in Cars and Cars 2.
There also laws in many states hat make it much hard for third parties. Which isn't surprising, because third parties are essentially being regulated by their competition.
Her smile is contagious!
I want to know why the protagonists seem to hate their lives/jobs, when so many people would kill to be in their shoes.
But in that scenario if he'd moved faster then no one who laid eyes on him would live to tell about it, so his image would be preserved.
So this is basically just *King Arthur Begins* right?
[Relevant SMBC](http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?db=comics&amp;id=1987#comic)
For the first 2 or 3 seasons Marshall is a law student, making very little money.
Seems like they should have removed those big-ass heat sinks.
"Herp derp they should make a live action Airbender movie!"
You were worried about your safety at a job interview?
I'm pretty sure they still have a ways to go before breaking even, let alone making a return on that $4 billion investment.
Is there a downside to having spoiler tags? What's the problem?
The sidebar says "cleavage of all kinds" and does not mention a weight or BMI limit.
It doesn't match Anna Kendrick's persona though.
Lots of not so good movies get nominated for technical awards. The Golden Compass won the award for Best Visual Effects.
A common criticism of Avengers 2 was that it spent too much time acting as a prelude to future movies .
When visiting my grandmother in the hospital, I felt bad for the nurses who would bring coffee to other visitors. She didnt work her ass off in school just bring someone a cup of coffee!
I feel like scene marked the beginning of when family guy began to heavily rely on extended gags/jokes.
Says who? Did someone decide they're not canon?
I saw her without any makeup on.
Something something bootstraps.
I'm guilty of that second one.
He won by exploiting Anakin's overconfidence. So skill.
You look just like a girl I went to university with. From the neck down at least.
&gt;The rifle that didn't do jack shit against Iron Man They weren't expecting to run into Iron Man, the rifle was intended to be used against the 5 other Winter Soldiers.
Rockell Starbux aka Raquel Stoops
Her right boob seems to defy gravity.
If "2x the budget" is inaccurate, then can you give a better rule of thumb?
Costco. $20 for a 3-pack of TechLite Lumen Masters.
I can respect the effort that went into making this, but IMO it's definitely inferior to the original version.
Mainly Texas because Cali has some budget issues.
I remember seeing the superbowl trailer for Ben Affeck's *Daredevil*. It was billed as "the movie event of the year", even though it came our in February. Also that same year saw the release of both Matrix Sequels, LOTR: Return of the King, and X-Men 2, yet apparently Daredevil was the big cinematic event.
I used to be a militant atheist. Now I'm agnostic and keep my mouth shut when the conversation turns to religion.
It's as if time is frozen for their body, but not for their mind.
It pisses me off that big boobs are somehow un family friendly.
Fuck off, this isn't the clubbing thread.
If no one else could fit their foot into her shoe, then she must have super tiny feet.
The episode where Jim buys a house without mentioning it to Pam is hard to watch.
I recently dated a 34 yr old woman, and to her cooking was a foreign concept.
I was hoping the Prometheus Scream would become the new Bwaah. Sadly that has not happened :(
Cutting out frames would lead to fast motion, not slow motion.
If they had half a brain they'd have called it *King Arthur Begins*.
Snakes on a Plane
Huh. I had no idea.
Are we sure it's due to surgery? She's gained a little weight in the last year or so.
I saw an educational film by Michael Bay which would suggest otherwise.
The status quo is very comforting. They're making money, why risk that by getting into the MJ business. Easier for them to simply get it banned.
We can blame *Se7en* for all these and more.
The 5th Final Destination movie was almost called [5nal Destination](http://www.slashfilm.com/final-destination-5-gets-renamed-5nal-destination/).
It'd be nice to see a poster that isn't just a bunch of floating heads and characters in cool poses.
It's seems pretty clear that they had no idea what to do with Sylar after season 1.
I don't get it. What advantage is there to rebooting Hellboy vs making a 3rd one with R Perlman?
Don't cry. Are you okay, Muffintop?
If you see 7 pennies lined up in a row next to the register , odds are that register will have an extra $70 in it.
I'm sure in a decade or so they'll try another sequel/prequel/reboot/preboot/requel/remake/sidequel.
Do you plan on eating your own shit? https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/5axjil/wonder_woman_official_trailer_2/d9k4pkk/
The Mummy (1999) was a remake of The Mummy (1932). Isn't The Mummy (2017) also a remake of the '32 film?
Oh good, so it's not just me.
If I have a son, I'd like to name him Adonis. Though if the kid has my genes then he'll be anything but.
Iron Man Armor, Harry Potter's Wand, and a Pulse Rifle from Aliens.
u/ajiveturkey when can we expect you to eat shit?
Computers can barely simulate the folding a protein molecule, let alone a universe.
I'm almost afraid to ask, but where does it get injected?
Just Lola
"You have no idea how high I can fly".
That's almost as big as Barney Stinson's TV!
"I'm not going for bulk, I'm going for tone"
I'd leave a dump in every victim's house and call myself The Fiend Who Doesn't Flush!
Michael Bay's *The Island* basically was a *Logan's Run* remake.
She effortlessly oozes sexual energy.
The Avatar sequels are basically vaporware at this point.
&gt; I was going they wouldn't redeem him What were you trying to say?
Why no Flaca or Maritza?
He's a guy we all love to hate.
Anna Kendrick's character from Pitch Perfect.
Oh, oops.
*You're Next* does a pretty good job with that.
I've also heard that "I apologize" sounds more sincere than "sorry".
Wasn't Abomination just as strong (if not stronger) than Hulk?
Huge boobs.
In some versions of Superman (like the 1979 movie), he had superhuman strength as a toddler.
Most of the prisoners are people you don't want to see naked though.
Can you link them?
I love your comics with the multiple punchlines, like [this one](http://smbc-comics.com/comic/2006-08-09)
Not yet!
*checks passion of the Christ box office totals* "Oh yeah, that's why!"
If Mel Gibson were here I'd be licking his balls right now.
Humans are the "get things done" race. Elves sit around in tune with nature, and dwarves just dig for gold. And don't even get me started on the lazy unmotivated hobbits.
Wow you're so edgy!
