Not so much. People carry money all over their body, it's only the giant wallet in back right pocket people think as the "you can see it"... Plenty of people don't carry money there. The TV interpretation of "sorry I bumped into you" is just that, from TV
You can just "drop" them, so you only carry what you want..
For the record-after several hours of deep reflection-I am not looking forward to this.
Seven Riffle shuffles is the exact amount needed to perfectly randomize a deck of cards.
...it's pretty well known Noriega worked with/for the CIA, not the DIA.
I am one year older. This is easily in my top 10 of ask Reddit questions.
Let me be clear, in no way did I mean to dissuade people from voting for him. I hope anyone, everyone votes for someone. If you look at my original comment, and the question I was replying to- I hope you will see I was not trying to talk anyone out of voting for him. I was only answering a question. (of course I added my opinion about his chances, and maybe that was more than OP asked.)
OP asked "what is so great and different about Sanders?" I wrote "many things"-but yes, that he has no real chance. OP didn't ask does he have a chance or can someone convince me to vote/not to vote for Sanders.... Forget it. We each have our own outlooks.
You mean like campaigning for Bernie Sanders? I know that's not the most popular statement on the side these days, but I think OP's statement and mine share plenty of similarities.
Passed other bills, extended/expanded on existing bills.
Dude, it's not just a pocket knife; it's THE pocket knife. You would be amazed how often they come in handy on a daily basis.
Allowing Kanye to hold a microphone
"You're doing well, superman does good"-Tracy Morgan (Jordan)
Always cut the cards.
Played in the NBA for 10+ years, movies/major endorsements, now hosts an NBA show in a major cable network. Yeah, he's got some coin.
"When I was last with Mike Nichols.." Fuck. To be able to (truthfully) say that sentence..
http://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/39bpam/removing_harassing_subreddits/ I wish I didn't even know
Throwing their weight around? I thought we had banned those people!?!
Put up some pictures. Try the website 52plusjokers.com Any particular era? Brand, location?
We know his guy is from the mid-west for 2 reasons: it's in his user name and he said "pop" instead of "soda"... Ohio?
You know what he meant. Chill out operator.
As has been mention numerous times in this thread, those wiki leaks articles were bullshit-from a defense contractor making guesses.. But they did their job! You, and several other people in this thread, believe it's true from a headline!!
Here I show my ignorance. Is that a brand or are you asking do I prefer a certain size grip?
Awesome, thanks
What's your vector, Victor?
Jesus. Fuck. Now I really want to see this movie, even though i've read the movie is not entirely true to life. I wonder if they showed Hanks a film of people in shock or anything like that, he seemed to really play that well. I like how they didn't sugarcoat anything with the pirate. The captain a safe all your friends are dead, done deal you're pretty much fucked. I had forgotten they teach the Navy SEALs Miranda rights.
Completely. The headshot heard round the world. This guy is unstoppable.
The point about 08' is a great one, however I don't see it happening for Sanders.
I am curious about your comment, is this the general perception of Thomas? That those are his overall goals while on the court?
This...is a childish answer
Of course. They don't care at all about your shit party...a person was pistol whipped!
It's most certainly true. More combinations than all the grains of sand in all the worlds beaches.
I'm not sure how this relates to my comment. Am I missing something? Did the joke go right over my head?
Yep.
Ahh yes, forgot about him. Thanks
I really really dislike subs that disabled the vote/down vote button. It goes against pretty much everything that Reddit is. I think subs that do this don't respect their users.
Bernie Sanders has no chance of winning the presidency
But is this really something no one wants to admit? I think if we are being at all realistic this is obvious.
...rekt
How was "sneakers"? Is you voice still your passport? Love your work sir!!!!!!
What would you suggest? (I haven't done anything to it)
I'm very surprised kids didn't break it up, that was just insane. Fights in high school often were broken up by other kids (after a bit)
Same with fool in the rain
Call and make a reservation. It's in Hollywood.
I highly doubt that the "alliance" is based on any real group, and the Magic Castle is worldwide not just a group of people from la
George Forman did this also, even the girls...
I kinda blew me away to see him say it. He fully knows his place, that he is basically a joke in the comedy world-but he isn't giving up.
I hope that person survived. I would assume this is a different type of skydiving then what Mr. Reynolds is talking about. What is seen here is a static line jump, where as soon as you exit the airplane your chute (hopefully) opens. There is no freefall in this type of jump.
Didn't USA air this version back in the 90's?
Capital punishment. The fact we still kill people as a country is insane.
Not the first true crime doc....ever seen "the thin blue line"?
Regardless of all the hate and bullshit, Bill (and Jimmy Carter) continued to do more for the world after they left office-Bill hasn't stopped and I bet Jimmy only stopped hammering nails the day after his cancer diagnosis. It's this type of person the office needs.
I'm sure there are rules for this-decorum and all that shit-but Bill gets to be called "Mr. President"
That's the California hotel..
So....the hand is quicker than the eye...?
Chips? Dips? Chains? Whips?
Boy, I wonder where he learned that way of speaking...
Sure, but OP is clearly a kid-someone new to magic. The YouTube thing is something to get used to-it's not going anywhere. Where else can someone like OP go for a little criticism and tips? Every kid who gets into magic drives their parents and family crazy showing them the same trick over and over and over, YouTube has just taken over that.
Dude flipped a switch pretty quick. Went from "to much bullshit" to "ASSKICKING savage" in .3 seconds.
Wrote you a PM. I didn't see your user name, my bad
Thanks for the reply, unfortunately I'll be at work for several more hours. Mind if I hit you up later on tonight?
Ugly, imo
Thx
Wow. That's very interesting, thanks for telling me something I never knew about cards. I love this type of stuff, thanks again
When you say "lit his ass up", do you mean he would get beat up like with fists or everybody would use their guns on him?
Is seen all the scenes, and I thought the edit was odd in a few places.... For instance, in 2-Anthony's party, party ends guests leave then it cuts to fabrizio being killed and Neri going to Vegas? Then it cuts right back to the attempted hit on mike?
I'm with elementary. It lasted about 2 weeks.
Ahh, thanks. I thought it was more for modifying the mag itself. I know people do some interesting things out here...
Does he appear to know what he's doing? I don't know anything about drumming, and it seems like you might.
No notes, but I met with a guy in Vegas one time and I wish I could've recorded everything he said.
Let's jump to conclusions. It's not a thermal camera. He video tapes the front of his house on. An obviously busy street.
If I bring in my pre-modded Sultan, do I have to do all the upgrades over again, or are they already in the car at Benny's? (I.e I already bought a turbo for the car, well I now have to buy it again?) How many paint job variations are there for the sultan? The rally lights actually turn on?
Nice. I'll just steal one at the prison
How many of you actually read the article? Guy was a nut-job
Where do you download the update? How can you find out if your system is on the current operating system?
Thanks
Just watched a doc about the making of the next generation, the casting, ship etc. lots of stuff from Delance and his thoughts on Q.
Is there a simple explanation to all this? In the past days there have been videos about these guys and from these guys all o er the front page. I know it involves money and....copyright?
Hey man, ITS ART!!!!
I love hearing "alright, she/he's going" in these videos. Cops have to deal with such idiots.
You know, I completely agree with you and now I feel kind of bad for making the joke. I was really just joking, I normally don't judge people on their appearance but the tone of the article and the pic....
Do you mean getting banned? I guess it is
Ditto. The dailies have also been doing this on and off for several days...
So, Snowden should also be charged right? He broke the same law.....
How, and where in CA, did you get a CCW???
Damn....I'm in the east bay...
No Vietcong never did nothing to me Edit: I was incorrect, I could have sworn that is what he said. This is as close as I could find: "Man, I ain't got no quarrel with them Viet Cong. No Viet Cong ever called me nigger."
He could get higher if he took a more volleyball-like approach. Swing his arms more.
Jessie Jackson
"Soldiers, Sailors and Airmen of the Allied Expeditionary Forces: You are about to embark upon the Great Crusade, toward which we have striven these many months. The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. In company with our brave Allies and brothers-in-arms on other Fronts you will bring about the destruction of the German war machine, the elimination of Nazi tyranny over oppressed peoples of Europe, and security for ourselves in a free world. Your task will not be an easy one. Your enemy is well trained, well equipped and battle-hardened. He will fight savagely. But this is the year 1944. Much has happened since the Nazi triumphs of 1940-41. The United Nations have inflicted upon the Germans great defeats, in open battle, man-to-man. Our air offensive has seriously reduced their strength in the air and their capacity to wage war on the ground. Our Home Fronts have given us an overwhelming superiority in weapons and munitions of war, and placed at our disposal great reserves of trained fighting men. The tide has turned. The free men of the world are marching together to victory. I have full confidence in your courage, devotion to duty, and skill in battle. We will accept nothing less than full victory. Good Luck! And let us all beseech the blessing of Almighty God upon this great and noble undertaking." Eisenhower had this printed and given out to every person in the invasion.
This was in some ask Reddit thread a few weeks ago More combinations in a deck of cards than stars in the sky..
But hey!, we in vented napalm for those bats....
Somehow I doubt it's as simple as this headline makes it seem. We getting our news from fringe sites now?
Is there anyway to get that stupid gray banner off my front page telling me that the new app is out?
Then the exact same should be said for Snowden...
Did you see the "big short"? At the end, they show what all the characters are doing now. Christian Bales character is now following water.... And he saw the crash coming wayyyy before anyone.
No. As mentioned below, this happened on the third. Good chance it wasn't uploaded in 6 days.
Dude, your 19. Books you read now could be completely different in 10 years.
Bullshit. It's setting and presentation. The same magic tricks have worked for 100's of years and will continue to work. He wasn't the guy to "invent" the "blowing" trick.
IIRC, to many idiots where challenging JREF to prove the had the actual 1,000,000$. Not sure what, if anything, came from it.
I thought I heard Lennon said the same...
Wait, wat?
He smoked at a baseball game but you imply he got in trouble for smoking at his own concert?
I think general issue m16 only fire single shot. Army learned its lesson after Vietnam....
Wow. Never heard of this before. Powerful scene: http://youtu.be/sYjy7uUn7fc
Yep, and Astronauts. Go Bucks
Damn. I just watched a video about him. I thought the "flat ground Ollie" was a special trick, I didn't know you meant he invented the(to the layman)"Ollie". No shit he changed everything. Like inventing the jump shot.
Yes, I know about "easily" but it seems unsafe.
Up next after the break, water is wet
You must return with a review!
Also the same two on "big trouble in little China". Great stuff.
Thank you so much for your comprehensive answer. I never imagined it was such a polarizing subject.
Thank you, always good to get a different perspective.
No more than alcohol.
That's not magic. That a needle going thru his arm.
I see the three bubbles often in a text stream....and nothing is texted. I think more is coming and then nothing.
The OG Star Wars is rated PG, but in about the first ten minutes you see Aunt Beru's and Uncle Owen's burned corpses on the ground...
Wolfram, as in alpha?
Wow. Any things you would recommend to read about him? Links, stories etc?
So, they voted on it... Does hat make it just happen?
A world war style conflict in 10 years might destroy history books.
More evidence to this? Links?
Nuclear dirty bomb attack in the US
No, he shouldn't. Snowden broke several federal laws, some punishable by quite lengthy prison sentences. He knew what he was doing, he knew the risks.
The best of these clips are the "late night"/"all star" versions, with name players. They've all played with him in tournaments and cash games for years, it's all a joke to them
"I know a lot about hacking. And hacking is a very hard thing to prove. So it could be somebody else. And I also know things that other people don’t know, and so they cannot be sure of the situation.” Donald Trump
Doing this show when the guy I was with pierced his ear out of nowhere.
Wendy's burgers are square. Because they don't cut corners....
Flagg-he's from the stand, is he also in "the dark tower"?
You have no idea of the school or the situation. He could have been security. I have worked at "schools" for certain types of kids and we were trained on "restraining". Tile of the school was blue-the kids called restraint "going to the blueberry"
...can you provide a bit more
Oh well you seem to just be incorrect
Call them security, it'll all be good
I kinda thought that was obvious from the previews.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cohen_v._California
I think you mean it IS loaded until you've checked? And it shouldn't be pointed at anything you aren't willing to shoot.
Or no safety (glock owner)
They don't really have a choice
Are you out of your mind?
....isn't that money spent for legitimate reasons? As in aid to Mexico? Yeah... and his "plan"? I assume that's been amended since the "that wall just got ten feet higher" stuff?
Nice, thanks. Do you know if you get discounts on garage renovations as well?
Hahahahah. I was agreeing with you :) It's from "goodfellas"
He's a cop dude-they get away with stuff. Same with firemen.
Dude, Breaking Away!!! Loved the father in that, "refund!refund!refund!!!!" Once of Dennis Quaids earliest roles.
Maybe he knows a few forces, but that doesn't make him a "mechanic" in anyway.
Meryl Streep gives no fucks
Read "killing Pablo". The rumor in the special operations community is that Delta snipers shot him
Sadly, ignorance truly knows no bounds. Some people just refuse to except evidence that is right in front of their face. Just last night I was speaking with my roommate who claimed that it was common knowledge that United 93 was shot down. In his opinion, everyone including the government knows and freely admits that the plane was shot down. Of course this is the same person who thought England had a bigger navy than the United States....
The expert at card tables in public domain
I'm pretty sure all the reaction shots were from that speech, that's kind of the point
I'm confused here, did he say that or did you? If he did, when in the video?
That's an interesting bought, but I believe it's just the downforce. Downforce would be "upforce", as the car is held to the ground so much by the speed/design.
And....safe?
Sam Cooke. It doesn't get better
This is a live game, a human dealer? Don't you worry about cheating? Just because a shoe is used, doesn't mean u r protected
...thanks for that jewel. Don't think casinos haven't cheated their customers... maybe not today, in the bigger properties-but it a real thing. And an online, "real" dealer? Think it can't be done?
Yes, again I am aware. I only mean to say an online casino like this isn't the Wynn. It would be possible for this game to be cheated.
Maybe US politics? Cause, I mean...I'm sure in the history of politics..
Could you have found a more....original title?
Let's chill on giving out...words and phrases to laymen? Ok?
Water polo is far more dirtier than politics. If that's possible.
Etc is an abbreviation of etcetera-a Latin phrase, and there are many common Latin phrases used in the US and it's not like they are adapted from any country.
Is that what he meant?
Of course he talks about both of them that way. I wouldn't leave him in a room with a child. I honestly think Donald would have no idea what to do. The kid would be lighting fires and he'd be on Twitter
I was joking
Okay. Take the upvote good sir
He...wrote his own speech....? I can't "boycott" this in the interest of comedy. I'd say drink every time he screws up, which should be a lot.
I think he watched "generation kill"
Exactly. I'm sure, person to person, it is safer. But at the event...
Have you ever had a chance to handle Richard Turners "gold seal" bike decks? (He once had bike and bee made). They aren't produced any more. He used to work for USPCC as a "touch analyst" and he noticed, maybe after the move(?), they had changed their cutting process. His bikes, use Bee stock "Unlike most of the cards manufactured today, the cutting blade used in traditionally cut cards starts at the face of each card and punches through to its back. As a result, a sharp edge is created on the backside of each card and a rounded edge, which facilitates a flawless weave during each shuffle, is formed on the card's face. " I'm a collector, but I'm not just blowing smoke. These things handle incredibly. Ever hear of bicycle "mandolins"? They are the "809" version, very close to the rider back.
Not a trump guy. I listen to his podcsst, I have for years
Star Trek
If you've been around this forum for any length of time, you would know the answer to your question. No more heists.
Rapid GT is a sleeper. A "stances" car, elegy/comet etc is quite a bit faster than the stock version.
Ever see those blue windbreakers, with FBI in huge gold letters?
Reminds me a lot of Bil Burr
You said that, link might have helped. They look like cards, with marks. Not sure how new and incredible their marking system is. I don't see mention of a stripper in there. Check out Richard Turners gold seal bikes, or mandolin back bikes. Are you confused as to what a stripper deck is?
She certainly did, full video up too
Newstead used to live near me (Bay Area), all reports were he was cool as well. Saw him at Safeway a few times...
"... The lion by its claw"
How are those preteen years treating you?
California.
Wut
Gotta give the dude credit though, he enunciated the word "period" like a rabid lunatic
I wonder the ratio of upvotes of people who just liked all the acronyms vs the people who caught the reference. Great post.
A few people you know will die in 5-10 years, some could be close friends
USPCC still makes them for every conflict, I've got a deck from "desert shield"
But we are just so proud there were "no arrests during the D.C. Women march"......
Read "shogun"
If anyone has seen the GIF of the two couples getting out of the limo on the WH steps (the first time), to walk up and greet leaving Pres and FL. Obama kindly waited for Michele, and they went up together. Trump gets out, and walks right up. Melonoma was several steps behind. Donald gave no fucks. Edit- http://i.imgur.com/LIDInog.gifv
Maybe not a myth, but according to my room mate "everybody" knows flight 93 blew up in the air. No flight recorder etc. "totally shot down" He also said it was in the report, but refused to bet me....
-have you ever seen, or heard of, any cheating/advantage play at your table/casino? If so, do you know the method? -are dealer taught to check dice, look for all the numbers etc?
I'd be interested to see if those also include "presidential findings"
Yes, thank you for that William Sapphire. The problem was due to posting with my voice on my phone. :)
And they are gone. Not with a bang but a whimper
"Tea, a drink with Jim and Beam"
And this order http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5888fe00e4b0024605fd591d
"Every man, woman and child lives under a nuclear sword of Damocles, hanging by the slenderest of threads, capable of being cut at any moment by accident or miscalculation or by madness. " John F. Kennedy
Watch "true detective" if not for her because it's incredible
Trumps hands
...it's the way of movies/tv. J Annison is beautiful-on her show she was a waitress. Believable....?
100%
And the swear words...
lIm not mad at ___________"
One of his good friends is on a hotspot for a few days, and has a "strict" NAT type. Chat works fine, can play in other people's games. Just not together.... Thoughts?
It's an insane argument, as you are saying. How many thousands killed per year in the us by guns? Percentage of black youth that will be killed by gun violence etc? It's insane. How many people were killed in the U.K. Last year by guns? Japan? In not remotely comparable (even per capita).
What's wrong with this? They sell clean versions? Ok...
We still have NORAD.
LA? Figured
David Koresh is back from the dead?
Cuts/scabs/eyes opened wide. Betting on the meth
Looks like a lime. Bleeding, I'm guessing from cuts/scabs due to meth use.
Get a deck and royal road to card magic
I don't see false deals being important for cards. If you can do any of the deals you mentioned, congrats. Ever read/see any Forte stuff?
Yep, very familiar with Derek.
Made me take a closer look.... it's hard to tell, doubtful
Wow. "And then I heard a couple pops from my firearm". No idea of his actions..... "guts and audacity to smoke marijuana in front of the 5-year old girl..." Jesus
To a President, the constitution can be used as a guide... aside from executive orders, there "presidential findings" which they can use to make the constitution say what ever they want-especially when national security is used for a reason.
Ahhhhh, that's where he's been. Fuck that guy then
I'd loved to be charged with affray. Good word.
Felony Fights, great stuff
Good for Mark
Dumb question: it's worse? Is the blue line the "new" damage?
This makes sense. Thank you for the explanation
Dura my aura, I get a strong sense of what I'd best describe as "deja vu". And an odd smell, sort of....
Gold plated
Sadly, it is.
Goldeneye. Odd job, while thought off a good character, was at the perfect head shot height. Those yellow buttons made me a god on that shit. Ahh, the days of screen looking, where you watch your friend around the corner and shotty to the face
This is about Jack”we have to go back” Sheppard
https://youtu.be/PfwvtMdZpec Steve Forte, master of all that is cards. False shuffles, deals etc
Very, very far from the common mentality
He made Colonel, head of an AF wing in ca
Yep. They were a part of the treasury up until 03 or 04
It has plans to launch at numerous places, and in different ways. It’s not like we are just waiting to launch in Russia.
Yes, I fully understand that. Mark Felt and all that. It just seems like this might be different. Like he knew he’d write the book, make serious money and leave journalism?
I’m never see Bob more than crack a smile. If it gets the crew guys, it has to be good.
It’s bullshit. http://www.miaminewtimes.com/news/black-babies-used-as-alligator-bait-in-florida-6531453 Clickbait, stories from family members etc.
Fuck off.
But a whimper.
It was based on the book. It’s incredible
There’s a case hidden in his footlocker
And older scuba masks
Seriously. And...she has no real experience. Just because asshat won (somehow), I don’t think it should set some sort of..precedent for the future. Would this be an issue had frumpf lost?
Wait, did I come off as a frump supporter? My worst fears have been realized
Ahh, I got it. I think it’s strange that there are frump supporters. Now or ever.
You certainly can just walk away. He’s talking shut. So the fuck what. Who cares about disrespect from a drunk dude?
It’s really horrible. Some people, including my roommate, think Muslims are all terrorists who follow sharia law to a T-that all of them stone gay people etc. People are so dumb. So ignorant.
Edit-deleted he comment. I said he was doing his job, after doing more reading-he’s a school resource officer, employed by the district
It’s JAMMED!!
They had to have known. He would have made noise at some point, and he was basically touching the dude head when he was floating
And the roof where they are talking....
AFAIK, this doc is famous/Known for having the only footage of the first plane hitting the tower. The camera used is now in he national museum of American history.
Truth. Although how can his thought, as he has none to be controlled? Edit-spelling
Yeah, I’m a big Siri user as well. I haven’t switched, just wanted to mess with the assistant for a bit.
With you 100% If anything it should be Jerry Springer. He was mayor of Cincinnati and hosts a dumb tv show. Best of both worlds....?
That’s what I think. They wanted to see how people would react.
A hahahah hahahahahahahah “....Khan stood up and resumed his speech. "It's a pleasure to be here," he said, "even though we were distracted by the actions of what some would call very stable geniuses." I love this.
I hope you were alive to be involved. Oh well, I’ve heard it was a thing for a long time. Maybe it was a joke, maybe you never heard about it. Oh well Edit-it’s an incredibly famous image, probably close to Macdonald or something. Many people, buying the album, had no idea who he was-and they thought the guy on the cover is the singer. Reddit is odd, this gets brought up as a joke sometimes-but here it’s gets the downboat.
Pretty powerful protest. Got a point across, although I’m sure it fell on plenty of deaf ears.
I don’t think so. The power of meditation-especially in its most “hardcore” form-is what you see. I don’t think he’d do drugs, even for this. It wouldn’t be the right mindset to do it. I think he would think he was going to do it “pure”, as his faith told him so. Maybe I’m wrong.
I’ve love cards. Asked this question before here, and apparently it’s been asked before. More combos than grains of sand on every beach in the world. More combos than...atoms in the know universe-that sounds incredible, but IIRC it was an answer to the question. The deck of cards in your kitchen drawer is in a unique order that hasn’t been, and never will be, replicated Or so the numbers say....
That’s exactly what I mean. In simple terms, it wouldn’t be “pure”. I would think, to him, it wouldn’t be as much of a statement if he did take drugs.
Same with me. And I don’t have kids, just worked with them forever. I was almost shaking with anger the more hits and pulls of hair she did.
Post wreaks of douche bag
I meant a shuffled, used deck. Anyway, they normally aren’t a-k of each suit-in that order. But whatever.
Check this one out. The numbers are incredible. https://www.reddit.com/r/theydidthemath/comments/7jhj7y/request_ive_read_that_a_deck_of_cards_has_more/
That’s not how it works at all. No general has any type of standing order regarding the release of nuclear weapons. Trump is the only one who can order. If mattis etc said no, they’d be fired/replaced. Edit i’m not sure I believe the Nixon thing
Of course there isn’t some button. But Mattis has no say over it. He might say something about how it’s not a lawful order, but then he could be replaced immediately
Instant Karma
Thanks for that. Sorry Dave.....
Looks like it’s her to me: https://www.britannica.com/biography/Coretta-Scott-King (B&amp;w pic near the bottom is the best comparison)
Relevant username
Seriously. What type of person would do this. I hope he’s caught and punished. And his piece of shit cameraman. Fucking shitheads.
How do I unsubscribe to this? I’ve tried Countless times on Alien Blue
Find and watch the dvd commentary
Military term
Basically. You shouldnt take a gun that is said the be unloaded, without checking immediately to make sure. In terms of the four rules-some technicality are flexible. When practicing dry firing, the gun needs to be unloaded (many recommend with no ammo in the room) but you do aim and pull the trigger. Some guns require the trigger being pulled to break down the gun. Some guns will not fire if the magazine is not in the gun. This is all IMHO, of course
Or just don’t, ever, wave a gun around in a room full of people?
How about this fuck doesn’t bring guns into a school!
Anytime
Lost, the wire
I’m sure other people were either already there, or they got on after him and went to the back. Those guys never work alone.
I’d assume the allies. We did a bunch of this stuff, a lot before Normandy-so the Germans wouldn’t know where the invasion was. Edit- https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dummy_tank Used in WW1, more use in WW2.
https://youtu.be/7EgL77rv9bg
I worked in a shoe store in high school. For us it was “Find the wall stretcher”- “Oh, it’s not here? I think I let the guy at Macy’s use it”. Macy’s dude says basically the same, rinse &amp; repeat.
Certainly, and it helps if you know the corner move (some times a bit of paper). But you don’t always know if it has been switched back. Someone would win with that, and others think they have it figured it out. There are a few ways to turn a card over. You (the thrower) can use one of the other cards to turn the chosen card over. At that point, the card used to flip over the chosen card is switched in a special move. (These moves can be done incredibly quick, even if you know what to look for. In many ways, the hand is quicker than the eye) After all this, people often wonder-it should be obvious after a few. Then again, if someone gets mad/or just picks up a card, the mob just leaves. Basically, fuck you. They have the money, and is someone going to go to the cops and say they just got scammed? -the corner thing isn’t common, IMO-I’m just interested in this type of stuff, cheating/scams etc. not something I’d ever do, it’s just an odd hobby. Edit-here’s a video that shows it, in a magic setting. Richard Turner does it very, very well. https://youtu.be/191zMzL0DiI ....and he’s blind. (The Bruce dude is cool also :) )
I read somewhere that those are all actual fencing terms.
The book “princess bride” in incredible
Ahhhh, I sort of get this. Man in Black, Jacobs homie?
Was waiting for a cool album cover
I’ll be here. Phone in my hand, awaiting your reply.
...what is this post you speak of? It’s crazier than the cumbox?
Who was it? Comments were deleted or just aren’t there...
Or the gang truce during/after the la riots.
Lufthansa named a plane after two of the airports. Many Canadians opened up their homes at that time to stranded people. I think a few towns have reunions. pretty crazy how it was a frightening time but it seemed like we were all...together.
I saw a vid on some sub where a guy poured a pack into a bong. Smoked it, then poured another one into his mouth....
I was in he same field for a long time. People truly have no idea. Every child is different. Sure, certain techniques serve certain kids better than others, but they are all different. I doubt many people know some are non-verbal or that some teachers/aids/paras have to wear sleeves to work for the bites and scratches. Kids are awesome. What works for joey might not work for max, but we can work it out!
Sounds like your mind is open
And he’s doesn’t how to open champagne.
There have been about twenty people who have seen the entire circle of the globe.
This is very funny. Critically underrated
What are the opinions on charging? Is it better to charge all the way up? Search the least amount of time as possible. Etc?
That’s exactly it. I don’t understand why it’s not supported for this. Maybe I have the wrong setting on?
I think it’s just fucking weird
I’m guessing this is a joke, based on the podcast?
No shit? I didn’t know you were such a reader Norm
I’m guessing heavily that it was Pynchon
He’s a comedian dude
Which episode was this?
Don’t be humble dude, You are funny to me
....safer to lock doors. Do not allow anyone in the room who you don’t know, with police being an exception. Not sure which shooting (I fucking hate the “which”, as there are to many to count.l), maybe columbine, where a teacher didn’t let the cops in. She made them get the principal so she could talk to him, as she knew him and trusted him.
Great Dr. Saints.
Seems like you know a hell of a lot about it.
Thank you! I guess I’ll be reading for the next 5 years. The “iron and ice” sounds good, all the others seems incredible as well/but I want to start very slowly. (On a totally separate question. A friend of mine believes that physics is “pretty much figured out”. What would you say to that statement? )
....yep. Kinda forgot that part. I’ll start a new thread. Thanks
Does libation come into play here?
I wonder if that would get...across to him? We need to hit up the Andrew dude. Maybe the lovely Nia?
Surprised his teacher didn’t see it coming. There are signs many times these things will occur. A large “issue” today is also people first, as in a person with autism not an autistic person.
Depends on where on the spectrum of autism the person is. Some are non-verbal. Some it’s a small issue, but apparent in many ways-especially to people w experience.
Deliberately isn’t the case. You mention how he should graduate and 100% not go to jail Edit “100% shows he should be graduating, he should be going to prison” Edit #2- I’m idiot
Yep. I hope he’s not being to hard on himself, if he recalls it. I also wondered if the teacher wanted him to get up so his parents could see him up there? I’ve seen some parents who just seemed oblivious to their children’s diagnosis etc
Exactly. I can understand wanting to see it but I also understand him not wanting to do it. Sounds like you’d understand either way. Love parents like you:)
Sounds like something out of “zodiac”
All about the basic wording of the 2nd, it’s all about it-gimmie my guns! All of them Not all about the 8th amendment, in its wording. “Kill em’ all!!!!”
That website is in Japanese
What’s the doc?
This is awesome. What do you call this creation?
Sounds plausible. Maybe
One of them is married to a famous tennis player and was at the royal wedding. 13 years changed a lot
Not sure why you were downvoted, it’s true. He wasn’t, his company merged with them in 06’ or something
Canada has been with us in every armed conflict since ww2. To say they are some type of “threat” is a incredibly naive and...slightly un-patriotic. Had any other president come out and said this, in country and the international community would be losing their minds. But since it’s Frump, oh well-it’s just him..... Frump doesn’t even know our anthem and he says that shit.
Curious-that’s only known because of his twitter or name?
Are you in the wild right now?
This sub is all over the place on this. “She deserved it..”. “He went to far”. Downvotes/upvotes for both. Yeah, he went to far.
Whereas all the other vids it’s “he sleep”..
Had a seizure on the couch. Woke up, rolled over and popped my shoulder back into the socket. It was dislocated during the seizure. Holy shit that hurt
I’d start balling right then and there
I’d say the odds are 100%. In a foreign country, unknown people eating there etc. I can’t imagine when there isn’t an agent (within 20ft) at all times
Mr SEAL below doesn’t go with this, but you’re right.
Yeah, and I would guess in many situations a lot closer than 20 feet. I can’t imagine what it’s like for him to travel in a foreign country, their convoy alone even in the US is incredibly large.
Midwest/fly over states etc. you only give them 65 mil? That’s only about 20 more million than Ca. Over course there’s other stuff out there, I just wouldn’t call 65m a fuckton of people for a multi- state area
But not the song.
It is all about due process
Wonderful picture, great smile! So happy for your family Edit-not sure why this is downvoted.
I don’t think many people here are thinking she’s mad at him or scolding him. It’s just the picture. The body language. It’s seems clear what they are all thinking. You can watch press conferences where world leaders look surprised or just nodding their heads when he speaks. Sometimes a picture is worth a thousand words.
In “the sum of all fears” DaFoes “Clark” character is play by Liev Schriber.
The wire.
“You’re fucking with me kiddo”
I’ve told that to my friends and a few have just stopped what they were saying. “Really?”
Seriously. And it started all this shit. Even that idiot not inviting the Eagles. https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/heres-how-nate-boyer-got-colin-kaepernick-to-go-from-sitting-to-kneeling/amp/ ^^ speak w veteran
Hahaha “One thing is certain and that is that some of your people who do not jazz it out on that specific Tuesday night (if there be any) will get the axe.” Get the axe. Seems like a funny guy....
Works for Roman Polanski
And the guy didn’t press charges?
How much piss you think is in that water anyway? . Some children around or plenty of other people?
The 100K I believe
https://i.imgur.com/QJj5Zmh.jpg Also seems to go against a few international charters. It’s a complete human rights violation in every way. Both to the children and their parents.
Thank you Jonas.
But again it’s high school? Seems pretty clear the white kid had the advantage after 45-60 seconds in
Exactly. That was tip off one, sucks for the other guy who didn’t notice
White guy, when on the ground, did a good job of keeping his right arm free, then puts his knee on the guys arm. Is this technique or instinct?
One of the many reasons I love Reddit. People can be incredible. Edit-spelling....
This sounds like complete and total bullshit
What do you mean by cutting charge?
Thanks for the answer!!
Keep their room, living/dinning room Clean. My roommate, same age, is disgusting. So much crap, resin, ash, piles of fast food wrappers etc. We’re in our 30s. “It’s not that dirty”. He love the brita water. So it gets filled, and occasionally left on the counter for a bit. Because of the ash/resin everywhere, the bottom of the brita is black. And our refrigerator has a black ring, because of his total disgustingness
That....doesn’t sound pleasant. Thanks for the info, will check YouTube
I’m just trying to play what’s in my iTunes “movies/home videos” folder, to the Apple TV. Maybe it’s best to mirror it? How would I do that?
Yes. 100% sure. The song in this seen is “think”. Not respect.
Immigrant children camps, this whole thing? I’ll just announce a new branch of the military. First since probably the 30’s, 40’s. Find away to pay for it, but my own party hates government spending! Oh well, at least they’ll stop with the whole “immigrant kids” thing. I don’t think the DOD or the pentagon have made any statements about this. I don’t see this happening, at least not anytime soon. Certainly not in his term of president. I would imagine that starting a new branch of the military is a bit more complex than just announcing it. (I could be misinformed)
Seriously. But they caught the guy who beat him. from below https://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2018/06/15/suspect-arrested-for-allegedly-assaulting-elderly-man-red-line/YtFUegJ3HMfOpiXb6JQfsM/story.html “Transit Police Superintendent Richard Sullivan said police are in possession of the victim’s phone and have found no evidence that he taking inappropriate photos.”
I saw a doc once by Louis Theox (sp..), called “extreme love”. About children with autism. A few pretty severe cases as well. One mother, gets hit/sin is twice her size. She basically said life would be much easier, and it was getting to the point where she couldn’t handle it. It was so obvious. Gotta feel for her, you could see it in her face.
As I said above, you can’t get better without trying dude. It will be hard in the begging, but it will get better. Ask questions, conversations will be tough but I’ve no doubt you’ll catch on to that. Personal space an issue? I have limited edition these subjects, but tons of experience. Feel free to PM me. (If I’m coming off as a jerk in anyway, please tell me. I’m sure others will :) )
Hahaha “these are decisions that would keep me up at night”
I really do not think that the two-party wiretapping “ law” is that bad. I wouldn’t really want my conversation recorded without knowledge. I I think many people feel that way
Shuffling, and most things relating to, playing cards..
Guarantee she couldn’t come close to defining “tact”
Her spokespersons comment- “It’s a jacket. There was no hidden message. After today’s important visit to Texas, I hope this isn’t what the media is going to choose to focus on,” she said What do you think the focus would be on? I mean, she’s posed nude, but even this... But then again, he will say/do something in the Next few days and her jacket will be forgotten. (Seems like there are to many “remember when Frump did/said this?” “Remember what she didn’t say? Remember that jacket!!”) Edit-her assistants are mentioned. I have no doubt either they are “yes people” or have given up, and stick up for her because that’s their Job-like Sarah Sanders. I doubt Sarah believes all that shit she spews up there, as they’ve given up trying to stop or in anyway “control” what he says to the media.
I love the thought process on this....
Interesting, especially the Vegas part
Yeah... So more movies were filmed there. Canada is up there also, are they the “Hollywood of the north” because so much is filmed there? Or is Ca the state that runs and is the film industry. Ca has the 7th largest GDP in the world, I’m sure the film industry is a small part of that. (nothing close to agriculture)
https://youtu.be/3XGAmPRxV48
I’d also guess the title is stolen
Wut
Is this the new “rather fight 100 duck size horses....” for the AMAs??
Thankfully, times have changed. Regan was in office for 5 years before he said the word “AIDs” in public. Whereas Princess Diana did this- https://i.imgur.com/ZjImjEk.jpg Looking back, it’s sad that this was such a big deal. Her shaking hands with an AIDS patient.
The bunk
About 2 feet long Edit-why the downvotes?
He’s right. I think you’re a bit off there Mr Bailey
“Well, I think one of my favorite memories is that Frank and I were invited to a party one night and we decided to go, a Hollywood party we didn’t know anything about. We were kind of laughing and having a few beers and said, "Let’s go over there." We walked in ... and it was an orgy. So I immediately went into the Batman character, and Frank went into the Riddler character, because we were getting the big giggles. It was so funny to us, what we walked into. And we were kicked out. We were expelled from the orgy. “
Comes with it.
Thanks. I had no idea.
Where does it say EMS? Regardless, I think it’s pretty shitty to not help in some way. “He’s bleeding all over the place, I felt terrible. You know, beautiful marble floor, didn’t look like it. It changed color. Became very red.” Another thing Donnie couldn’t handle^^^
Apparently it is fake. Their FB apparently has several fake vids
Nice. Sometimes it takes a few times. Have a great day!
In my experience, fc boards before any other “class” is in the airway. So they board and I somehow skip my group and then get into FC? If I’m in the third group, it’s common to just skip the line, in the airway? I guess I’m not looking at this correctly?
Ok. Am idiot, can confirm. When he said no one checks your tickets in the airway-I took that to mean the little tunnel thing. So, act a bit late, and just put your shit down while others continue towards the back. Makes sense now.....
Ok, but fuck that. Guy could’ve easily hit the blocking guy. Either out of annoyance/madness or maybe is just a bad driver. Like these videos where people use their cars to stop police chases? Maybe I’m a self centered asshole, but that shits not cheap and his (or my) insurance isn’t covering that.
The New York minute is a pretty common thing, isn’t it? Not a regional thing? Like “we call that, around here people say” etc except that’s the country?
Yes, they think it just flipped. Oh that “he speaks his mind” or “that was funny”. This is the disconnect
Or he’d kill, and get away with it “I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn’t lose voters.” -Donald Trump
He has zero idea what those words mean. His aide or someone probably gave him the presidential ELI5 version in 5 minutes. And he knows he base will cheer.
It’s protocol.
https://youtu.be/1PyCpG06138
Ok shit. I’m missing out. What’s the “eeeeeeee” sound...?
Is this to say that Obama allowed them to stay around and then Trump takes off and “obliterated” them? They are certainly still around. And started way before Obama
It seems pretty fake though. Unless the guy filming it planned the thing with the door
He had short legs
People still believe this shit? That he’s from Africa? Jesus. And yes, it matters. It also matters that people have been talking about this for 10 years. And the idea that the gov both knows he’s from Africa and won’t tell us? What a bizarre illusion. And this is the mindset of Trump supporters.
Hahahahahahahah This is a great reply
Wow. Not sure how to respond. Oh well
That’s not what he meant.....?
You didn’t get it. And mockingbird media? Is this sandy hook false flag level? That the government is controlling the media? I think people ask why you spell out his name because that makes it obvious that you don’t think he was born in the US. Whereas everyone got over this years and years ago.
Laughed out? Do you think the armed forces are a force of people in top physical shape? And sign up facility?
...what did your husband think of the movie? Slightly true to life? Your thoughts on Gina Haskel? Should our leaders always listen to their intelligence services? (I believe they should, just asking your thoughts)
Exactly. Just normal people, patriotic.
I get that, everyone has a different experience. To me, I wouldn’t think anything odd about that many people driving together.
I knew someone who was from Columbia. He told me that Escobar is seen in a “good light”? That he did a lot for the community etc? Is this a common belief?
Ahhh. Is this the same birth certificate mentioned in the article? The one that was put on eBay? The article says it is a forgery.
Inouye received the Medal Of Honor. From what I understand, informally, everyone in the military salutes you if you have received that.
Really, it’s a formal thing? Thanks for that! Below it was mentioned that even the president salutes the “winner” of the medal but I would’ve thought regulations etc would stop short of it being an actual requirement for the military. TIL
Yep. 100% correct.
Shock, and the mind overall, is very powerful. There’s a video out there of a guy, cut in half by a train-he’s moving around and stands/wobbles in his lower half. Like a zombie. B
Gotta get the e-turn going
I’m missing something, what do you mean by “this time”? Community challenges?
There isn’t any. Millions of casualties year?
He said he would date her is she wasnt his daughter
Zing!
And we can thank Jody Foster, in a roundabout way.
Isn’t that the reason he gave it to her this time? Seems like it’s a joke between the two of them?
And to Jimmy Carter. How can you have an issue with him? He probably building houses right now.
Yes? Postwar president?
He gave her candy at McCains funeral, it’s a thing with them.
I’ve thought about this a lot. When the other 3-4 (stay strong Jimmy) get together for something, funeral/inaugurations etc- I wonder If Trump would even show. He clearly doesn’t want to be there, and didn’t even greet the Clintons or Jimmy (Can you see Donnie in this pic? Never) https://i.imgur.com/2kuoZLB.jpg
The Python really adds to it.
Damnnnn. I like how he added James Dean in that. Edit-was that Halle Berry from the “last Boy Scout”?
Yes.
Jesus. Him on Colbert, damn. Talking shit about trump (the other 3 aren’t going to do that yet-jimmys earned it). Prays for him Jimmy got a lot of shit over the hostage rescue, but he’s a great person. Every possible way that trump is not.
Oh, her? https://i.imgur.com/sXhCzCP.jpg https://i.imgur.com/YkxqANU.jpg
He is truly amazing Lives in a small town, didn’t want to capitalize financially on the office-as a few of our most recent certainty have. He didn’t go make millions after office, he built houses. For fucking ever. He has done so much after leaving office. A true Patriot-the polar opposite from Donnie. Here’s jimmy talking about trump, and how he fees about him-but he still prays from him :) https://youtu.be/tQR5G3kvfNQ
A true public servant. People think they all want money, power that it’s “always the same” from politicians. With Joe, you get what you see. IMO
He didn’t want to capitalize financially from the office as president. Still lives modestly, building houses like a savage. His presidency is remembered, and this hurt him big, for the failure that was the hostage rescue.
What’s this billionaire stuff?
Loved seeing him a few years ago, for Xmas. Went to a children’s hospital dressed as Santa. Secret Service were Elves I’d take him back in a split second right now.
I’m sorry, I’ve got an appointment back in planet earth
Go fix me turkey pot pie.
This is the 4th time this comment has come up (including my comment), and they get downvoted. Not many people get the reference. Are we just old?
Would there be a “real world” experiment I could try to achieve that affect?
Which video? I’m sorry, I don’t see the link.
Yeah, I don’t get this. If this situation was reversed.... I don’t see it as an intrusion, and she was well meaning and left when she found out. I just pay attention to any kids around, I worked with kids for years and it’s just a habit. I probably would’ve said something also Maybe I’m wrong
Reading enough about the premise and watching five seconds the video, I thought the whole thing made sense. Then I watch the whole thing. This guy makes a 10-year-old walk 5 miles to school for this video. In the cold. What she did is definitely not excusable, but I do not use this as an acceptable punishment.
Didn’t see any security. He went down and two people just looked at him on the ground.
I’m sure he’s one of the best. Bush didn’t have full use of his legs, IIRC. Above it was mentioned that they both would’ve known the landing like that was coming
No. It’s the light bulbs
Shit. Time to upgrade. !! Until then, are you aware of what changes makes for the three?
Ahh so it’s mentioned in a 5 year old news paper, from where? Anyway, this isn’t true. Since he died this has been on Reddit, all over. But then it’s the 2nd youngest or the 4th. Seems like a nice fact, but any other evidence? Any of the networks mention it during funeral, lookbackd on his life? The networks have been preparing for this for some time. Haven’t seen it in any major news source. Evidence is from an old article, out of nowhere. Its apocryphal IMO
And Sean was mostly doing his job. You know there’s no way he actually believed all the shit that he said, starting with the first thing he said about the size of the audience for the inauguration. He cane out there with that shit and laid it out like he’d been in a locker room, after listing to the halftime speech in a losing game. Game Face Spicy Edit- changed Scott to Sean
Hahahahhahha
Thank you for that! For some reason, the update notes were unclear as to what affected the series 3. I’m guessing those notifications are somewhere in the settings? Under heart monitor?
Seems like several of these videos have been popping up recently, how about locks that are guaranteed to not be broken or picked and then someone comes along with a pair of bolt cutters and does it in a second
Easily shimmed? The dude said it’s the perfect people who can’t remember combos or lose their keys-because it just opens. And then he uses the shim and it just slides right out. These Otto people must love him
After watching that dudes video, it certainly seems worth it. Seems like something like the yeti coolers, expensive as fuck but very very high quality. I’ll never buy a lock without searching this dude’s channel again
Not to me. If I did that with someone I wouldn’t say I just had sex.
That hit me oddly. I knew what I was going to be watching once I clicked on the link, and they said the found was playing and I turned it up on my phone. It took my brain a second to think about that this is from Mars. As I type this I don’t even know how to explain it
These things should respond to what we want, we paid for it. Hey Siri, Alexa, hey google-fuck at that.
I’d never do it, but I’ve never been there. Maybe I’m wrong, that’s just not how it should..”be” at a place like that. Like when I went to the Vietnam wall in Washington, there were plenty of what seemed like tourists. or high school kids running around making plenty of noise. I get that. They don’t know any better-but if I had a choice it would be silence.
Informed on current events? Is that how you would describe /r/the_donald ? Tell anyone to visit that sub and read some comments. The normal person would have no idea if it was fake or real. I’m not even sure it’s real The users of TD are more informed that /r/politics? It’s that type of thinking that lowers the national IQ average. Step it up
Thanks for proving the point. So Russia has some one there, who has been given asylum (Nice to know some countries still give asylum). —He also, clearly, broke numerous laws-much more serious than any shit people claim about Hillary And the left (which compares to Russia, or something) has the former Secretary of State. Got it
Paging u/LockPickingLawyer
Here’s mr famous himself! This whole thread is about you dude. Keep it up. Or keep it...picked
That he wasn’t the youngest pilot in ww2. And he wasn’t. Have fun with google.
I was always surprised that he was....surprised in the begging-when they break into his house. Isn’t he some crazy ninja assassin? No security system?
Hey you, come back here!
It’s 999 in the UK. Same difference
It’s fired from a shotgun. A little bag filled with lead shot. 309-400 feet per second. “Less than lethal”
It only mentions he’s in Canada in the last 2-3 sentences of the article. I don’t really think he’s fleeing anything
They’re hurting bad because of this today https://twitter.com/ottodesignworks/status/1071241569854881792?s=21
A civil war? Not going to happen, IMO.
Hahahah. Did he really say that?
This was a big deal? I must’ve missed this. Why was this a thing
Dont they all matter?
That’s far from Bills point.
Reminds me of the century game
This depends on the average air speed velocity of a laden swallow
Zero. I’m just that good Have you never heard that song? Maybe my reference was lost,..
I really don’t see that ever happening
But it will never happen
Heres him looking depressed when he won https://i.imgur.com/tv70i4F.jpg
Do people not like the xr?
That makes a lot of sense. Love the losing sales because they’re so good. For you, which would (or did) you choose? Xs? Xr? X?
Thank you! For night races, if unlocked are they “normal” tracks able for selection? Or is it “Nurburgring night” etc. or something for time in settings? Thanks with the tip about restarting. Any idea about the racing line?
Yeah. That’s a thing? I feel like this is something most people don’t know? It’s so common, really doubting it’s known like this.
Idiocy. Let me count the ways (the mafia are organized, like a legit business. As in “organized crime”?)
But it was a great time.
Does he know of this sub?
Yeah, this seemed like it’s over thought. I don’t think anyone really views it that way. Maybe explaining it as OP did would make sense, but I don’t think most people mean it that way. Also doesn’t seem like a compliment that’s an insult. It’s just a thing people say, basically a dad joke. Don’t read to much into it
Maybe the parents did enjoy it? And they were complimenting you? (As they might think some of their kids might not be enjoying themselves) Maybe I’m an idiot
God love Ted
Holy shit, thank you!! I normally just do the “regular” ring, not the 24. Both it and Bathurst have night for me-Bathurst at night is awesome, can really see the city lights With the line-for instance, last night a few of us were in the lobby messing around before races. None of us had any type of racing line. Once we started the race line was there.
No, I like it on for most tracks. The setting is on, just the line isn’t always there. Oh well, just a small bug I guess. Mind if I ask one more question? If I have downloaded decals or liveries etc., how would one of my friends find them? Is that only possible if I actually publish the decals? Can they search for me somehow?
HahahHa. All good. Have a good day!
