I'm very familiar with sarcasm. That wasn't sarcasm, it was somebody who was incredibly wrong. Just stop.
There's a link discussing it in the sidebar. Suffice to say, I'm still more than qualified to discuss the law.
Have you received a diagnosis? Are you getting counseling to help with the problem?
I don't think you fully appreciate exactly how much you don't want to do this.
I assume he's being blackmailed and he's trying to tell us that something is wrong.
That's actually brilliant. It's a shame it sounds like a slur.
Just buy a damn pipe like a normal person.
"Phobia of cigarettes?" Really dude? You should be rethinking your career path.
Ah, okay. Yeah, big difference. I took a look on angel list, they've got some solid people on board, and I'm sure they're going to get millions in angel funding before they ever really get started. Even then, they may never take off. OP is not in the same category. I also guarantee that their very first step was to pay a very large retainer to a reputable law firm.
I question the demand. Their video presents gas stations as this massive drain on time, but I just can't imagine that people really feel that way. If I'm in the car driving, I'm always going to be driving right past a half-dozen gas stations. The only way I can imagine using this service is if they were somehow quite a bit cheaper than anything else.
What does your contract say that makes you think they're in the wrong here?
As an Ambassador Extraordinary from the State of Colorado, I hold diplomatic immunity.
Yeah, this is the sort of thing that will draw DEA attention even in Colorado.
You need a lawyer in Nevada. It's really not optional for something like this.
You may not qualify for a PD, but you can try. Call the local PD's office and ask about qualifications.
That just sounds like a really odd clause. I'm not convinced you aren't misremembering it.
They only get one. After that, he'll have to serve as a slave on board a pirate ship.
How do you think I got all of my comment karma?
~~He should have his doctor call in another scrip, or just go without.~~ He won't have any withdrawals unless he's using way too much. If you go through a TSA checkpoint with this and get caught, you're going to get arrested.
Haha, I don't think I've ever been called out so much for a mistake on here.
Totally agree. He should sue, but damned if I'd ever expect to collect. This was a lesson that cost more than my Bachelor's.
Call the cops. There's no way this is legit.
Give 'em a call. They'll usually let you reschedule a couple of times. It's perfectly reasonable if you're going on vacation.
It's absolutely grounds for termination or corrective action. On the plus side, you may learn firsthand that welfare isn't only for people who don't want to work.
It's hilarious to me that people who misunderstand government functions like welfare also misunderstand government functions like enforcement of the first amendment.
We should do a /r/fictionallegaladvice thing for the next April Fools' day, like /r/askhistorians did. Although about 50% of our questions are already fictional.
Nobody thinks they're one of *those* welfare people, but everybody thinks they're the majority of welfare recipients. That stigma makes so many people afraid of getting the benefits they have a right to, it's really quite sad.
I heard you the first time.
I'm a proud patriotic American. I love my country, and have dedicated my life so far to making it a good place for people to live. And you know what? If I ever need it, I'll be happy to use the system I've helped support all these years.
Maybe he's not quite as employable as he's lead us to believe.
Mostly whisky, cigarettes, and little patience.
Keep working remotely until they fire you for not going onsite. Then collect unemployment.
Scam.
Good point.
Ever been submitted to a detailed screening? I have. They catch a lot, and ask about everything. I'm sure they'll notice a different name on the scrip.
Jesus. Screw legality, are you interested in ever working again?
He did. Just now. I'll agree with him, this is petty.
A lawyer you hire would be telling you the same thing. They can sue, and it would be expensive. You'll likely do more damage to yourself than anyone else.
That's the thing. . . Unless you're some righteous whistleblower, there's no good reason to be airing dirty laundry in the first place. Do what you like, and have fun being sued.
So /u/placebo_addicted and I were right the first time around? Excuse me while I smugly smirk at the 30 people who so firmly disagreed.
Oh, be sure to let us know.
I'm honestly not sure if the law says one way or the other, but I'm sure someone else will weigh in. It's tricky. On the one hand, I feel like that's not a very good reason to deny a handicap tag. On the other, I don't like the idea of a doctor having to write a prescription against his will. Because this is going to effect more people than just you, I think I would call a local disability attorney and see if you can get a free consultation. Many cities have non-profits that do this kind of work all the time.
To add to /u/grasshoppa1's good advice: there's no legal way to force them to take this down. What they're reporting is accurate, and it's an annoying symptom of living in the 21st Century.
Hey, no need to apologize. Nothing about your post seemed malicious, and it's the sort of thing that all sorts of people have problems with. Hell, I've got a few friends who came out as trans within the last 2-3 years, and I'm still the asshole that occasionally misgenders them. It's hard to overcome what you're used to.
You're asking if you can give power of attorney to an inanimate object?
I fucking wish. If you want the really obnoxious part, I was a pretty good third baseman at both the college and high school in that town. You can't find shit about my baseball career on the internet anymore.
I still haven't given up on my dreams of playing in the majors. One day, one day.
It doesn't sound like he's refusing to pay, so much as he's demanding that you also pay him. Did you break the cups? If so, you probably owe him for them.
Once you've reached this point criminal charges are the least of your concerns. He should be more worried about a big brother or dad.
Nah. It was still an asshole thing to do to the poor kid phonebanking you, though.
Sounds like you handled it exactly perfectly.
Cheerleaders are doing roids now? Damn how times have changed. Those donations help fund the school's endowment. It makes it easier and more affordable for people to go to the school. if you got any aid or scholarships from the school, it's good to pay some in when you're able to.
That's an interesting tangent you went on, but often those scholarships are on a merit basis. I, for example, got great scholarships because I had great grades and solid extracurriculars in high school. FWIW, I paid for the rest of it by working all four years.
Don't worry. He'll get six weeks into his first real job before they realize their horrible mistake and shitcan him.
That feels a little broad. I sure wouldn't sign that as an employer. That wording makes it sound like I'd be paying your lawyer bills if you get a DUI off work.
Keep in mind we're only a couple years out from a new president. It wouldn't take much for the new guy to direct the DOJ to start going after these guys.
&gt;It's a viscous continuum and sue me for putting an end to the whole pointless exercise. Do me a favor. Print that sentence off and save it. In five years, I want you to read it again. You need the opportunity to appreciate exactly how silly you sound.
C'mon, man. Don't wish that on his peers.
I don't work in disability law, which is why I recommended that OP consult a specialist.
Make sure she knows not to send any money. This is a very very common scam, unfortunately.
That's nice.
I'd recommend trying /r/RBNLegalAdvice. They'll do a better job of blowing smoke up your ass.
What did they claim?
Aww, you made a friend!
After the statute is up? No, that's impossible. After they first investigate the crime? Sure.
If you have to find a loophole to live somewhere, you need to find a different place.
Okay. Is there any reason you didn't have custody? I'm not trying to be accusatory here, it matters.
&gt; but this is something that is definitely not legal. How do you figure?
Sounds about right. &gt;any advice on what to do from here is appreciated You can: * Pay the money * Don't pay the money and get evicted * Negotiate a lower amount. The last one is not a realistic option.
I mean, it sounds like it could very well be a manufacturer problem. Having shitty products isn't illegal, or McDonald's would have gone out of business years ago. It seems like they got their money back, so I'm really not sure what else they could really expect.
Yup. There's no reason for them to accept a lower amount. This is probably their standard fine for this kind of thing. If you don't pay it, they can ding your credit report. Having an unpaid fine from a landlord on your credit report will make finding a new place to live much harder. Definitely worth paying.
Or the manufacturer's machine ran out of thread and they swapped out the wrong color. Or it's built on an assembly line and the person doing the lace used the wrong thread.
The point of the fine is to get you to mow the lawn. They set it high enough to make sure you'll mow the lawn next time, but not so high that you won't pay it. It's the same logic behind parking tickets and the like.
It's a cellphone and you know it. Nobody owns calculators anymore.
Are you in a position to care for the child now?
Eventually OPs will start to accept that "making me happy" is a pretty good reason to do things.
I would have kicked you out if she'd done that in a store I was managing when I was in retail.
&gt;Is there anything else I should know Yes. Avocados have more potassium than bananas and can help lower your cholesterol.
Hah, I haven't worked retail in many years now. And I'm really not the bitter sort at all. I've got a great life. If anything, my fault is hopeless idealism.
Or it's a troll that read the article. That's my money.
&gt;BBB I covered that by saying she could leave bad reviews. The BBB is just a non-profit with no real power. To top it off, their usual goal is to help create a resolution. The resolution in this case would be a full refund, and that's already happened? &gt;FTC Really? The Federal Trade Commission? For a poorly made dress? At the very most this could be some sort of false advertising, and I'm not thinking that's provable. Can she complain? Sure. Will that do anything for her? No. &gt;Help support her complaint Assuming she ever gets in touch with the manufacturer, they will say it's the store. The store, in turn, has already said it's the manufacturer. OP and her mom have no way of proving it's either, and they now have conflicting testimony. How does this help her? She needs to leave her bad reviews and go find a new dress in a different store.
You're asking if it's legal for a friend to ask him out for drinks and ask questions? No, I don't think that's gonna rise to the levels of harassment. Is there a reason why his former employer might be trying to dig up dirt on him? If all he's got is friends asking questions, I worry for your friend's mental health.
They didn't ask if you'd been charged? Really? Are you sure?
It's for sure extortion, you can call the police. Still, your felony charge is a matter of public record, and almost certainly something your school has asked about on your application. If you lie on that application you will have committed fraud. If and when they find out you'll be kicked out of the school.
Jesus. You hit about 10PM eastern and shit just gets wacky around here.
Generally you want someone who practices in the court you'll be tried in. That's the county you were arrested in. However, it's likely that an attorney in your county will have experience in the neighboring county. Assuming it's all in the same state, you can probably safely choose whichever you like best.
I know the case, but it hasn't stopped people from being charged for photoshop child porn since then. See my response above.
You should ask the attorneys who will need to travel about their travel expenses. That can get expensive quickly.
I bet they end up getting off after the appeals process is done with. They may not even get convicted. None of that is a cheap proposal, though.
So, I think it's important to clear this up here: *you* don't file charges. Your role in this is to talk to the police and cooperate in their investigation. They will then pass it along to the district attorney. *He* will press charges. You do not need a lawyer to do this, and you don't get to decide what the charges will be, or whether charges get brought. Does that make sense?
That's what I've been told too. Arguing about the validity of the delusions isn't helpful.
Shockingly, theft is considered illegal.
If I could get my insurance company to cover my nightly allotment of whiskey, I'd be a happy man. As it is right now, it's still illegal federally. The federal government does not recognize marijuana as a medical treatment, so it doesn't really matter if you have a prescription.
Did you commit any crimes that will come up in the course of questioning? For example, did he cut you because you cheated him on a drug deal or something?
Depending on the exact content of the call, it could be harassment, threats, any number of things. One call (if it's bad enough) can absolutely be sufficient for a harassment charge. However, OP will know better. I'm not his attorney.
Because somebody decided to ask me rather than you on the last thread, what are you being charged with?
There's probably an argument to be made that it would be aiding fraud even if it was a private employer. Similar to how it's fraud if you lie on your resume. He's not as likely to get charged in that scenario, but it might be possible.
Is there a question here? Or just a somewhat uninteresting anecdote?
It's Berkeley in the 70's, man. He's still burned out.
I blame Harvard. Besides, Kaczynski wasn't at Berkeley for the really fun parts.
I understand your frustration, but it depends: were there onions on your burger?
Depends on all sorts of things, including the location. She can call the PD's office and ask about qualifications.
They have until the statute of limitations is up to bring charges. That looks to be at least three years.
You should contact your attorney if you have further questions.
Yeah, the OP of this post wasn't flippant or insulting at all.
Sounds like a scam. They have many ways to find this kind of information. I would just ignore it.
They'll use the call to get more information out of you, eventually leading to something that can be used in some sort of identity theft or fraud. Don't sweat it, just ignore it moving forward.
Federally at least, no. I'm sure there's somewhere with such a restriction, simply because there are 50 states and hundreds of cities out there.
They could. They might just mail you the ticket.
Right, but this isn't a camera ticket.
Depends. It may be a frequent enough thing in the are for them to be annoyed. It was enough to piss off the bartender, so who knows. Also: not all mailed traffic tickets are camera tickets. I've seen people cited for various thing from witness testimony. The most common we see here comes from school bus drivers.
Well damn. You're absolutely correct.
Nope. It's implicit in that that you have their permission.
&gt;Find the PD and look online. What do you mean by this?
Got it. Just sounded odd.
Just saw that. I still have no idea what he was trying to do.
Yeah, your post history makes it a little obvious.
Good I hope so.
How very lawyerly of you.
I *suspect* she might be more my type.
Way to key in on the biggest issue there.
I think it's time for a sit down with someone in the police department. Make sure they know everything you do and understand your fears. This sort of problem won't go away until you move or he does something big enough to land in jail.
Nah, you're correct as usual. It was just funny to see "call animal control" as the first thing on the "somebody is trying to kill me" thread.
As much as I hate cats, I can't fault you for that.
Dogs are great. Cats are just terroristic bundles of fur set on making me sneeze.
It's the expense of a steady stream of benadryl that bugs me.
I was gonna recommend following him around in a ship armed with water cannons, but to each his own.
To be fair, the 21st explicitly repealed the 18th.
Really, each of the post-B.O.R. amendments overwrote either judicial interpretation or the direct wording of a previous portion of the constitution.
No.
Your PO can likely test you whenever she damn well pleases. If you're on probation, don't do drugs. You don't have much longer to deal with this, don't chance it.
Agreed.
That's incorrect. The case has to be proven beyond any *reasonable* doubt. It's certainly possible that each of this hypothetical serial killer's victims merely killed themselves in exactly the same manner whilst framing the suspect. That's possible, but not *reasonable.*
Generally, yes. There are exceptions to this. For example, if you have a duty to care for someone and don't call 911 when they need it you could be considered negligent. So if your kid or patient stops breathing, you need to get them help. If it's a complete stranger in the street, you have no such obligation. I certainly think you're correct to say that you have an ethical/moral duty to help, but I wouldn't necessarily say that a political candidate has any ethical obligation to share a plan like this. Mind you, he's not likely to get elected on a plan that he refuses to elaborate on. To answer your earlier question on my qualifications: I'm actually uniquely qualified to talk about some aspects of this question. I'm a professional lobbyist and political consultant.
Of course you're a West Wing fan.
Keep your mouth shut and silently judge people. Leave your personal beliefs at the door, even if others don't. *Especially* if you hold the minority opinion.
You can pay him a fair rate for the 50% to buy him out.
Don't they generally use chalk?
Is it an LLC or another form of corporation? If so, you may be on the paperwork creating the corporation. If you aren't, you likely don't have any rights here. You'd essentially be an employee.
So there are two likely scenarios: * You have partial ownership already. In this case you may be able to buy your father out of his shares and have sole or majority control. * You don't have partial ownership. In this case, you currently have no real control over anything, and you'd have to buy some control of the company away from him. In either case, he doesn't have to take any deal you offer him.
Sure thing. If it's really causing you this many problems, I'd strongly consider leaving and starting your own company.
&gt;"would a reasonable person suspect this pill box is used for drugs?" I agree, with a small quibble: "would a reasonable person suspect this pill box is used for *illegal* drugs?" I suspect the answer will be "yes." I think it probably hinges on details OP hasn't given us yet. My guess is that it was a prescription container that was either expired, blank, or made out to a different person. In any of those cases, I'd say it's reasonable to take a look.
Yes: No, absolutely not.
I'm at the end if my day and ready to have a beer and go to bed. As such, I'm not going to delve back into the debate right now. However: I upvoted you, but ultimately disagreed with you. As others have pointed out, it's not as clear cut as your quote would indicate. The same SCOTUS case also indicates that it *is* possible for evidence found in *Terry* stops to be admissible. Still, you're right: you have a solid point, and a solid argument. Dismissing it with downvotes is uncalled for.
I'm with /u/UsuallySunny. This was a disturbed man, and likely not the first or last we've seen of him.
We have a fan? How did I miss that? Edit: oooh. I forgot about that. Having fans is weird.
This has already been discussed ad nauseam, and I'm not going to go over it again, but: it's not so simple. I should also add that an officer does not have to explain his cause for a search to *you.* He has to explain it in court. He doesn't have to say a word to you.
Florida law very clearly covers "lodging accommodations" under theft of service.
I check every poster's history as a matter of course.
If you bug your boss's office, expect to be fired *much* faster than your asshole boss.
Then your friend should hire an attorney.
Wow. You're not that bright, are you? You should cut your old employer a check. If the police come to talk to you, say nothing without an attorney.
I thought so. I lose track of the legaladvice/SRD crossposts, though. I just assume everything makes it here eventually.
Doesn't matter. There's still a child that needs supporting.
No shit. But how did they figure what rent was? Did they base it off of what it's rented for in previous situations? Did they ask the squatters? Did the agent confess and tell them the amount? Did they estimate it based on similar rentals in the area? It makes a difference.
Likely, yes. But that doesn't mean they can sue their agent for that amount. They may only be able to recoup what the agent herself made, and not the full potential amount. If they somehow have reason to believe that 10k was the *actual* dollar amount and not the *potential* earnings, I'd like to know. That's why I commented on it.
Are you a minor?
How cool. Didn't know that was a thing. I wouldn't start just yet, for two reasons: * It can take a few days for the paperwork to process, and it only happened yesterday * It's the weekend, and the process to dismiss started on a Friday. Your attorney probably can't tell you anything quite yet. Try calling the court on Monday.
See, you *started* with good advice before you went right off the rails. So close!
&gt;Could I take any legal action against this man? You can report him to the police. He's certainly crossing some lines towards harassment here. &gt;If anything happens to me because of this (harassment, harm, etc) can he be charged with something? Absolutely. &gt;Is recording him making a demand or threat enough to constitute blackmail/coercion/extortion? Quite possibly. It would depend what the demand is. If he says something like "give me money or I'll report you to the university" it would certainly be extortion. You should make sure the recording includes your boyfriend telling this creep to never contact either of you again, that will help with the harassment case if he continues.
You should delete and repost without the firm's name.
You're correct that just sending the information and the pictures is not on its own illegal, but it's certainly massively creepy. The fact that the guy isn't engaging or saying why he's doing it sounds somewhat ominous. I think OP is right to be a bit worried here.
There really isn't a foolproof way. If it's a check that you weren't expecting or for an amount you weren't expecting, it's either an error or fraud. In either case, you would be breaking the law if you cashed it.
There's nothing illegal here at all.
Somewhere between "not likely at all" and "absolutely guaranteed." Location will matter.
He's an adult. He can grow a pair and move out. If his dad literally has him locked in a room, he can call the police.
I see two possibilities here: * Your boyfriend is remarkably gullible for a supposed adult, or * Your boyfriend doesn't want to move out and is lying to you.
Thus "he can grow a pair." This isn't a legal issue.
If he got the original phone before he turned 18, it's likely still his dad's property. I'm serious: if he actually believes this, he's just remarkably gullible.
That's not what I meant by "location." You've been asked half a dozen times for your location: where do you live? Laws are dependent on location.
You literally said it in your post. You said that 2 of your mom's 3 attorneys were paid off by your dad's family. Is that not what you meant?
Having fans is weird.
I generally wouldn't recommend trying a citizen's arrest, it opens you up to all sorts of liability. Still, it's worth it if the alternative is somebody killing themselves.
It was made out to an LLC, not OP. Would you really cash a check made out to anything other than you?
Agreed, but I had one interview offer that would only pay if I was offered. I didn't take the interview because of it.
&gt;This sounds like the work of some first-time communications director who watched too much House of Cards. Don't get involved with this guy, he doesn't know what he's doing. As a political communications consultant, I couldn't possibly agree with this more. This is not how these things are handled, not at all. Frankly, this is enough of a bush league play for me to think it may not have happened. Then again, I've worked with some *really* stupid communications directors.
I don't think I believe this one. If this guy has as much political acumen as OP seems to indicate, there's no way this would be handled this way.
Jesus. Looks like I picked a good weekend to take off of reddit.
Yeah, I commented on /u/Dear_Occupant's thread. I also do political consulting for a living, and have certainly found out about affairs in the lead up to announcing a campaign. I could imagine somebody having a chat with the girl to gauge whether or not she's a threat, but no political operative worth his salt would ever pay her off.
I agree with just about everything you've said in this thread, but I feel I should clarify just a bit: I really don't think there's anything illegal in any of this. Of course, that doesn't mean he can't get indicted and royally fucked for this move.
Oh, I think *this* will likely come out. However, I don't at all agree that "it always comes out."
So you weren't stealing it, you were just storing it down your pants? Pull the other one.
It's not even the financial cost I'm worried about, although it's significant. It's the end of his political career.
Nah. My bet is a congressional candidate. Edit: to elaborate a bit, *every* 2016 campaign is gearing up now. Presidential contenders would have already dealt with most of this kind of stuff, but congressional candidates are doing their early friends and family fundraising right now. This is also the sort of bush league play I'd expect from a congressional campaign, but not a national campaign.
You're the one who posted an article about a politician's legal battles. I was just responding to it.
If you're salaried, you don't get overtime.
If it's real, my guess is we're talking about a congressional candidate and a small-town reporter. That would account for the amateur thinking on both sides.
Question marks, man. They're a thing for a reason. First things first, you don't press charges. Your role in this is to report the crime and aid the police in their investigation. If the police think there's a valid case, they'll turn it over to the district attorney. If the DA agrees, *he* will press charges. I think this is an important distinction to make, because you really have no say whether or not charges are pressed. However! If you have witnesses and cooperate with the police, I think it's likely he'll be charged. I have no idea what his punishment will be. Could be prison time, could be community service. You will not be compensated simply because he's convicted. In order to get compensated, you'd need to sue him in civil court for your damages. It sounds like you don't have any damages to sue for, which is fortunate for you.
They are absolutely within their rights to rescind the offer based on this record.
Exactly. He could have been a state rep or even a city council member. He might have his old staff working the congressional campaign, and they're the ones in over their heads.
Not proper security, just the dickhead park manager in his golf cart. They've always got some sort of authority complex.
Could be. If OP is local press, she could cover *any* politician in the area. He could be the current mayor, a state legislator, or a city council candidate jumping to any higher position. I'm all but certain this is a 2016 race, though. If it was a local level 2015 race, it would be pretty late in the cycle for this to be going on.
I know.
That's way too situation specific to answer.
The ticket is an account of the incident written by a first-hand observer. The officer is the eyewitness, and the ticket is his account. Hearsay would be if a completely *different* person was testifying based on what the ticket says, or what the officer told them.
You're not sure if you like me because of the fact that I like trailer park turf?
Depends. Do you have access to a time machine?
It did. The subredditdrama posts are pretty great.
What does your contract say?
They're not violating your fourth amendment rights, you're voluntarily setting them aside in this instance in exchange for the ability to sell alcohol. I'm sure you can reassert those rights at any point. Of course, they can rescind your license if you do so.
&gt;Anything I can do? Absolutely! You can mention it in court if you're arguing the ticket. They'll gladly correct their error.
You certainly don't have to get a new phone line, but they don't have to keep employing you, either. Will they reimburse you? Will something free like Google Voice work?
Is it really 7%? If so, I can comfortably report that those people are *not* registered voters. Otherwise I would have run across them in my election work.
To be fair, the lack of a previous record could be relevant in sentencing or a plea bargain. Other than that, you're spot-on.
Sounds like it.
Oh, I saw it. I was just too knee deep in that new client to comment. I like this guy!
Maybe I should have been more clear: I don't think any of this is happening as stated in the OP.
Let's walk through the whole hypothetical: * you make your own food and walk into a restaurant with it: legal. * a restaurant employee notices you brought your own food and asks you to get rid of it or leave. At this point, you can: A. Get rid of the food you brought in, or walk out. In this scenario, you never broke the law. Or you can: B. Stay in the restaurant with your food and argue the point. At this point you are trespassing. So to conclude: it is legal to bring your food into a restaurant. It is not legal to stay in the restaurant if you have been asked to leave.
I don't know French criminal law, but in most countries eyewitness testimony is enough for an arrest and conviction. That seems to be the case here. Somebody saw you do it.
Your story makes little sense. How are you being "harassed with lawsuits" without knowing who's "harassing" you?
My girlfriend recently got the contract for her new job. I'm pretty good at looking those kinds of things over, but I wouldn't let her sign it until a contracts specialist we're friends with reviewed it for her. I never sign anything without copies and, ideally, an attorney looking it over.
Just block him. You aren't going to be able to track him, and there's no way this is related to your legal troubles.
I'm very sorry for your loss. I don't have any first-hand recommendations, but have you looked [here?](http://www.lieffcabraser.com/Personal-Injury/Hospital-Errors/Patient-Safety-Advocacy-Groups.shtml) They seem to have some resources to point you in the right direction. Again, I'm sorry for your loss. I can't imagine going through something like this. My thoughts are with you.
There are ways to track lost or stolen laptops, yes. Seeing as how they managed to find it was in your friend's possession, I'd assume they have some proof of that. Who is asking him about this? Did he know it was stolen? Where is he located?
Keep checking those court dockets. They may still bring charges, they have until the statute of limitations is up. That's two years in PA. My guess is that they're still waiting for the results on your blood test. That can take awhile. Also, just so you know: &gt;was never told that I under arrest, or read my rights, etc. Doesn't matter. They don't have to read you your rights in this circumstance, nor do they have to tell you if you're under arrest.
I suppose I can't blame you. I played from little league all the way through college, and I've missed having baseball in my life ever since I graduated. I'll always watch a game when it's on.
Not only that, officer. It's impossible for me to have caused that accident because I always drive very drunk!
Yeah, it was vaguely reminiscent of the time Terrell Davis rushed for 157 yards and three TDs against the Packers.
I. . . What?
Do you know why they're still keeping an eye in you? Any guesses what they're looking for or what they want?
That sucks, dude. So here's the thing: you used to work for these people. You know as well as I do that they won't stop unless they have no other choice. Your only options are to: * Get used to being watched, or * Hire a lawyer to make them stop. I work with a group of really big civil rights attorneys. They're the sorts of guys who get people out of Guantanamo. They're *exactly* the sort of people you need. But, they're not easy to retain. The sad fact is that there are a *lot* of delusional people out there. They just get swamped with crazy people. The only way they can sort out the real cases (like yours) from the crazy people is to insist that everybody talk to a therapist before they even get a consultation. You need to call a therapist before you can explore other options. I'm sure you're just going to ignore me, but I'm trying to help. If you're not willing to listen to me, I suggest you just get used to being watched. Maybe if you stop watching porn they'll leave you alone.
Serious question: how old are you?
In my experience university police are usually sworn officers. They're very much real cops capable of arresting people and serving warrants.
Ah, fair. That's an important point to make.
Don't forget gentrification. They've been accused of being critical to the gentrification of Lville.
We should keep you on standby to provide tl;drs. To OP: it doesn't sound like you have any grounds to sue anyone other than your own two feet. You should also note that suing someone because you can't walk without falling will be *much* more embarrassing in the long run.
A union wouldn't care for it either, because he'd probably be scabbing for one of the jobs.
How does it sound like a hedge fund? Unless you're buying or selling something with some sort of restrictions on them, this sounds perfectly legal.
None of this is likely to matter. Contact a divorce lawyer and start moving on.
This person seems pretty reasonable, actually.
Do you have an attorney helping you with this, or are you going it alone?
Yes, you did. Right there at the top, when you said: &gt;Trespassing Misdemeanor for taking pictures
This is not a legal question. Try google.
So it just happened on its own? With no cause from your friend?
They wouldn't be *forced* to call the police, but they very well can. The police would similarly not be forced to charge you, but may. I'd say you're *significantly* more likely to get caught if you go back. You should just forget about this, and lay off of the boozing for a bit.
&gt;TAW Tampa Armature Works? Are you asking the landlord to illegally evict his current tenant?
Ah, thanks.
While confession is good for the soul, it seldom makes for a sound legal strategy. Honestly, it's up to you. I'm on a first name basis with the guys at my local corner store. Had I done something like this, I'd probably go back and apologize. Still, that might only encourage them to report you to the police. It's your call.
Your options are to: * Fight it, or * Pay it. If you fight it, the guy (or his insurance company) will sue you. He'll probably show up with his two witnesses, and you're not likely to win.
&gt;By going back and paying for it surely it will put a stop to them pursuing this? I've said this three or four times now: it may not put a stop to them pursuing this. It's likely to make things worse. I don't know how else to say it.
As a whole, Trek does a horrible job with enlisted ranks. If I remember correctly, they *did* refer to him as a Lieutenant a time or two, and there was a bit there where he was called the "transporter chief," which *could* be more of a title than a rank, like chief engineer.
Isn't it still possible that she does indeed have herpes, just not from you?
The answer may depend on location, but this is likely to be just fine. They're free to change their policies, they just can't retroactively reduce your pay.
FWIW, OP's post history makes it seem like it's possible someone would do this to fuck with him. [He's quite the Red Pill Alpha male.](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/comments/33mdf6/possible_write_up/)
You can wait until the next pay day if it isn't possible to pay him at the time of his termination. [Here](http://www.ilga.gov/legislation/ilcs/ilcs3.asp?ActID=2402&amp;ChapterID=68) is the relevant statute. The key portion says: &gt;Every employer shall pay the final compensation of separated employees in full, at the time of separation, if possible, but in no case later than the next regularly scheduled payday for such employee.
You can: * go to your union rep, * go to the next level up and demand a raise, or * quit and find a new job. I think I'd go for option 3.
Sure thing.
Is this really a place you want to work long-term? It sounds like a miserable place.
Honestly man, even $24k isn't enough to deal with this level of bullshit.
I think I got all of that. He just lost me at the end there. OP: do what you like, but it will only serve to put you at risk. Also, stick to the engineering, law isn't for you.
Agreed, I've joked the same way. I sometimes introduce myself as a "professional politician briber." That having been said, if somebody came to ask for my help and said it was for an illicit business, my response would be "seriously, what's it for?"
This is hilariously illegal, but you get points for passion.
You should absolutely talk to a local attorney about this, but is there anything else relevant we should know?
The EPA has nothing to do with anything you've mentioned. At *all.* It's aimed at reducing wage disparities based on *gender.* Favoritism is perfectly legal, so long as the reason isn't because someone is a member of a protected class. Basically, they can pay you less because you aren't family, because you don't preform the same duties, or because your socks don't usually match. They just can't pay you less because of your gender, race, religion, etc. Your dad and brother are correct.
/u/thepatman is spot on here, but I've gotta ask: how are you so absolutely certain? Did you never have sex with the woman?
The Statute of Limitations for assault in Ohio is either 1, 3, or 20 years depending on the facts of the case. Your situation is likely to fall within either the 1 or 3 year options. This means they have until that time expires to bring charges against you. It's possible they decided not to pursue it, but I couldn't tell you for sure either way.
And you *got* legit advice. I don't know why people think lawyers spend all day helping people with bullshit cases. Go talk to a local lawyer. Even if you're paying him, he'll almost certainly tell you the same thing: you have no grounds to sue anyone.
I'd leave it alone. It sounds like you weren't actually charged, correct? Do the police have a good address for you?
No idea. I don't watch Silicon Valley.
Then yeah: if they want to find you and arrest you, they will. Just let it sit and hope it blows over.
Fair point. Good luck man, this sucks.
You should contact a family lawyer in her county and tell them what's up. They'll be able to guide you.
Jesus, kid. This is an amazing fuck-up you've made. You need to: * hire an attorney right now, * do exactly what the attorney tells you to do, and * don't speak about this to literally *anyone* who isn't your attorney. You could have killed yourself. You may very well be charged as an adult here. That's gonna be felonies and possible prison time.
They must have great parties when they get together with the DEA.
&gt;buy some lemonade and piss in it Jesus, that's bad advice. OP would be better off moving, he doesn't need to poison someone.
Don't forget the Secret Service and their strippers.
Urine is not always safe to drink. He's doing it with the intent of getting someone else to drink it. It's assault, plain and simple. The fact that it's assault over a few dollars of food really doesn't matter. Your option has a good chance of getting OP sent to jail. How wil that help him put food on the table?
Right, but putting a "no trespassing" sign up doesn't absolve you of the crimes you commit by booby trapping your house. If he told the roommate "hey, this lemonade has piss in it, don't drink it," *that* would be different. Eta: also, if this caused any damages the roommate would be able to find an attorney to take civil action on retainer. That means no money up front. Second edit: dude, you *really* need to not give this kind of advice here. It's a sure fire way to get banned.
Well, that escalated quickly. I never told you to fuck off. Which is funny, because you were bashing *my* reading comprehension.
This is a legal advice sub. We give *legal* advice. Don't advise people to break the law.
Yup! I'm a professional political consultant. I run campaigns for a living, and I would never do something like this without talking to my lawyer. Laws around campaigns are no joke.
Exactly. It's funny that when actual legal questions about my field come up here I don't answer them. In campaign season I have my election lawyer on speed dial. She hears so much from me, because I don't do a single new thing without talking to her.
If you ask a question, we might be able to offer something. Still, none of us can offer better advice than any of the attorneys you've already retained. They know all of the facts, we don't. Nobody here will accept a PM, because it can come dangerously close to an attorney client relationship.
Easy: subreddits don't accept or spend money.
Batman would take care of the dealer, though. He might also break OP's neck, but he'll take care of the dealer.
Yeah. Batman is probably worse than the police at helping his CIs.
Just about all of that is a good example of what not to say unless you're asked. Aside from "she was the one hitting him," leave the rest out. It's all your opinion, and not likely relevant to the trial.
Good point. Yeah, you can get lucky with equity, but I'd never take a salary cut for it.
It's perfectly legal to ask for a security deposit and both first and last months' rent. It's also very normal.
I'm not sure who exactly will be physically sitting at the table, but the Executive Branch (including the President and Secretary of State) are the ones with the constitutional duty of handling foreign policy. This is still fair, because only the Senate can approve of treaties. So while the President can negotiate a treaty on, say, climate change, it only goes into effect if the Senate confirms it by a 2/3 majority. Also, don't confuse the number of voters with the number of representatives or senators each party has. [Here](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2015/01/05/senate-democrats-got-20-million-more-votes-than-senate-republicans-which-means-basically-nothing/) is an article talking about how Dems got 20 million more votes in senate races and yet still lost the senate majority last year. ETA: This is a very ELI5 level answer, and certainly doesn't cover the matter in its entirety.
Check a few comments down in your link. There's a guy posting pictures of dog vs. human pelvises. It still seems like it's likely from the dog.
You should call your PD and ask what's up.
That's fraud.
Call him?
You've never traveled internationally, have you? They absolutely can and likely *will* check your luggage. That's just how customs works. Bringing back alcohol without reporting it is a good way to turn an MIP into a smuggling charge.
It depends. They can always search your luggage when going through customs. Whether or not they actually will is anyone's guess. It's not worth the risk. I should also add that if you get searched and ticketed in an airport that isn't your final destination, your court date would be in *that* jurisdiction. So, if you fly through Atlanta and get busted on your way home to California, you'll have to deal with the Atlanta courts. That's a lot of headaches for a bit of cheap booze.
What you're doing may run afoul of local signing and zoning laws. It will also likely make it less money to get your money back, and opens up the possibility of a civil defamation suit against *you.* It's a suit you're likely to win, but still a headache. In short? This is a bad idea.
It's the "non-city" bit in his description that threw me.
*Please* tell me he has renters insurance. *Please.*
Got it. I really don't know enough about that kind of thing to tell you if you've got any sort of constitutional issue here, but they can definitely fire you for refusing. Do whatever you think best, but I would have a very hard time agreeing to something like this with my employer.
You can go to court and try to get the ticket reduced. It doesn't sound like you have any kind of defense, though. It'll be up to the DA to decide whether or not to give you a deal.
Alright. You need to get your friend to a lawyer right away.
By people who post here. I think I've called out bad advice twice in the last 24 hours. Hell, I got corrected once or twice within the same time period. I see it happen all the time. Are voting patterns sometimes wacky? Sure. But bad advice gets called out with some frequency, and there's no way to control voting patterns.
Worker-owned company powered by wind and solar. For a guy who usually tries to drink union beer, it's perfect.
Just keep in touch with your insurance company. This is what you pay them for. It sounds like this is clearly his fault, so I wouldn't stress about it.
Yinz are making me thirsty.
My personal favorite was the guy busted with an insane amount of hallucinogens in a school zone who was cool with it, since prison would be a spiritual experience.
Saul Alinsky, the author of *Rules for Radicals,* said that every community organizer should spend some time locked up to collect their thoughts and meditate. Of course, the guy was a civil rights activist, not a druggie.
Seconded.
Because that's not how business cards work, and that's not how people interact with YouTube as a service. People find YouTube channels to watch from YouTube and word of mouth recommendations. Buy ads online if you want to promote it. How do you think this card will work? You'll hand it to someone in conversation and they'll look it up or type in that crazy URL? I use cards with some regularity as a networking tool, but the key is having easily accessible information. It's not an advertisement, it's a tool to facilitate connections. My potential clients can find me, learn more about me, and (most importantly) contact me with my cards. That's it. It won't sell my services. Your cards (as designed) won't allow people to connect with you, and no design will actually serve to boost your subscribership.
I think OP should count himself lucky if the cop didn't know about the cereal. Seems like a good way to get yourself a distracted driving ticket.
True. Nowadays political operatives generally try to stay on the outside, although sometimes it's hard to avoid.
There's no non-contractual obligation, no. Whether or not there's any obligation at all will depend on the contract. Listen to your rep, he seems to be on top of shit. ETA: I should really say, I'm not sure I like your odds in any case. It's not your reps fault if you lose.
To add, OP: you'd have a really hard time winning even if you *had* damages. In order to win a defamation claim, you've gotta prove that he was spreading a known untruth. If he *thought* you complained (which seem reasonable given your past complaints) then it wouldn't be defamation
That's awfully subjective. How can you determine whether or not you worked well with the team objectively in court?
You don't need proof to spread your opinions or things you believe to be true. It seems reasonable to me. "Some asshole reported me for smoking. Can you believe that?" "It was probably that jagoff suesuesue111 down in apartment 106; he's always reporting me for watching movies too loudly." It's a reasonable connection to make, and perfectly legal.
Dear lord, if I could be sued for making people hate someone, I'd be so far in debt it wouldn't be funny. Ruining reputations is like 90% of my job.
Keep reading that article, specifically the section on defenses. If the guy can say "it was my opinion that sue was the one who reported people," then you wouldn't be able to prove defamation. In any case, you still have no damages.
I mean, it's up to you whether or not you should take the job. There's clearly no legal obligation here for them to promote you, though.
I've been asked about cash at traffic stops. It usually comes as "do you have any drugs, weapons, large amounts of cash, or anything else I should know about?"
I think they consider it evidence of drug trafficking. I just say "no, sir" and go on my way. It helps that "large amounts of cash" is pretty subjective.
I mean, it's better than having no money in checking, or $15k in cash. But it's worse than having that much in an interest bearing account.
Yes, but it can also be evidence of drug trafficking. That's why they're able to seize it.
&gt;Lawyer here &gt;Some have suggested that niche political activism groups on reddit are responsible [Citation Fucking Needed]
Fair, expenses can change what's acceptable by quite a bit. I tend to keep only a bit over what I need in checking, and the rest in accounts that earn more interest. Individual mileage certainly varies.
In the US, the smell of marijuana is certainly enough for this kind of thing to happen. It's worth remembering that the smell of marijuana sticks around for awhile, especially to someone who doesn't smoke. I'm always well aware of when my neighbor smokes, even hours later.
You'll get no argument from me. I think civil forfeiture as it's often used is a load of horseshit. I'm just saying that drug trafficking is the usual justification.
Yeah, I've certainly noticed a difference based on how I'm dressed. Ratty t-shirt, unkempt beard, and a ballcap usually equals more questions. If I'm in a suit and tie I get lots of "sirs" "pleases" and a "have a nice day" at the end. I've also found that "I'm working for your Senator" gets me a lot of leeway, no matter how I'm dressed.
Are you paid by the hour or a set salary?
Contract review is beyond the scope of this sub. If you have a specific question we may be able to answer it. You should always consult with an attorney before signing something like this.
I'd accept a citation to the "Lawyer here" portion.
I have no idea if it's saying what you think it is, because I don't know what you think it's saying. What's your question? And dude, [you've got $300k just sitting around.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stocks/comments/39yd7j/hi_new_here_have_about_300k_set_aside_and_want_to/) Put a couple of hundred towards your lawyer, and don't sign this until you do. For a bit of reference, my girlfriend just signed a similar agreement with a startup. I looked it over for her, but made sure she wouldn't sign it until a contracts lawyer did the same. This isn't the sort of thing you mess around with.
So dumb.
They do, however, ride motorcycles.
Yes, that's relevant. Why in god's name would you imagine it wasn't relevant? You need an attorney right away.
If you're truly afraid of someone, call the police. It's not your job to determine if it's a terroristic threat, it's up to the police, the DA, and the jury.
&gt;What is she looking at as far as charges go Malicious mischief appears to come in a few different degrees in WA. Which one was she charged with? &gt;how did they come to the conclusion that one egg caused that much damage? Without seeing bills or repair estimates, I couldn't tell you. However, a car's paint can be ruined if egg stays on it for too long. Depending on a number of factors, I can imagine the damage of one egg being enough to cause considerable damage. It's not cheap to repaint some cars.
To be fair, "I'm working for your Senator" works best if you have a car full of campaign signs with the Senator's name on it. I knew a guy in my hometown who swapped out the engine in his Volvo box with one from a 5.0 Mustang. That son of a bitch *hauled.*
You didn't pay much attention in your journalism law and ethics classes, did you?
Fair. I internet stalk all sorts of people. A creepy guy in my class would have certainly been looked into.
Yeah, that's how my undergrad was too. I'd imagine they'd be able to prohibit people with certain convictions from attending if they wanted to, though.
Shockingly, I've found that police officers in PA care little about Indiana law.
I. . . Okay? I mean, I know what I smell. It lingers. It *especially* lingers in confined spaces, and seems to be more noticeable to people who don't smoke.
Huh, interesting angle. There's something to be said for that strategy. The fact that they asked for a letter and you never gave one would seem to imply that you didn't resign by their standard.
This is why username mentions make me nervous. Keep spreading our personal shit everywhere and I'll go back to /u/usuallysunny.
I must not hang out in the right corners of the internet.
I actually helped a political candidate with a felony burglary conviction run for public office once. He managed to come back from a stupid teenage decision and ran for office. In spite of breaking local fundraising records and outspending the opposition two to one, we lost by somewhere around 10 points.
As much as I loathe the thought of moving to California, it'll take an act of god for me to end up on that side of the Mason-Dixon line for more than a campaign cycle.
Yeah that's pretty straightforward extortion. Listen to your attorney's advice.
In addition to what everyone else has said: you should ask your therapist. Seriously, you don't have to tell them anything yet, but ask them to explain the rules surrounding confidentiality and their profession. That way you'll know what *they* think the rules are. That'll help you make an informed decision about what to say and what not to say. Unlike police officers, your therapist isn't likely to lie to you to get a confession.
[Here]( http://www.childsup.ca.gov/resources/calculatechildsupport.aspx) is the link to CA's child support calculator. You can fill in the info and see for yourself.
I'm with /u/thepatman on the law. I'd say 50/50 is probably what the court would order, if anything. That having been said? I'd pay every dime. Abortion is a traumatic experience. It's scary, emotional, and physically uncomfortable for the woman to go through. While it takes two to make a baby, I think she did her part and then some already. Paying may not be legally mandated, but it's the right thing to do.
Either I'm experience déjà vu, or this is way more common a problem than one would think, or you just posted this a couple hours ago. Which is it?
Thanks, I didn't think to mention that. This is very true.
&gt;I wish there was some way to "get" people who intend to commit crime against me. There is. It's called the criminal justice system.
I'm amazed that you managed to work things out from [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/3agg66/california_fianc%C3%A9_was_having_an_affair_with_a/) post so quickly! You managed to move from CA to FL, find a different job, and get accused of impregnating a coworker all in just a couple of days! RES tags are a bitch, aren't they? Next time use a throwaway to troll.
Possibly. Depends on who owns or controls the spot you parked in. This is one of those things where you have two options: move your car, or gamble the cost of a tow.
It might. A payment plan for the whole amount would probably keep him out of court too.
This is a remarkably silly thing to be salty over. It's quite possible that you were illegally parked. At least the guy warned you rather than just having your car towed.
I doubt you'll be sued by the company. I can't imagine they'll have any damages to sue over. You need to worry about the DUI above all else; get an attorney for that.
I'd bet good money that there's something in the fine print to cover refunds and weather cancellations. That's gonna be the deciding factor here.
I'd bet good money that there's something in the fine print to cover refunds and weather cancellations. That's gonna be the deciding factor here.
You may need to take them to court over it, but I'd say they hold liability here.
Contact the New York State Department of Labor.
Well. What does the force majeure clause of the contract *say*? It really doesn't matter how wikipedia defines it. What does the contract say?
So you think it's more likely that there was some grand conspiracy rather than you just weren't paying attention?
They have literally nothing to do with each other. Nevada is both right to work and at-will. Right to work is law that places certain restrictions on unions. At-will is the concept that says you can be fired for any reason or no reason at all.
/r/outoftheloop
Montana. Other states also have more restrictions on why you can be fired, but Montana is the only "just-cause" state.
I agree on all points.
Location, location, location.
So. . . you saw folks talking about an illegal thing and decided to go find the illegal thing? You're not too bright, are you? Don't worry about it. Nothing will come of this.
You're getting good at this.
What's the thing where you start hearing about the same thing over and over in different settings? My girlfriend's a PM for a tech startup. She *just* told me about estimation bargaining.
It's actually somewhat more amusing than that. [This is his special *penis* throwaway.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/2xmtqj/what_is_the_length_of_your_penis/cp1i0gw?context=3)
Yes, they're allowed to do this. If you call the police, they'll investigate to see whether or not they can press charges. You won't get to decide whether or not charges are pressed.
Small apartment pro tip: you gotta keep that shit organized. Everything has a place, and no clutter allowed outside of *maybe* a small work area. Dishes need to be cleaned or loaded in the dishwasher right away. That's the only way my girlfriend and I managed to live for a year in a studio. Keeping the place messy can lead to infestations. That's what your landlord is worried about.
The district attorney prosecutes criminals. It is intentionally harming someone; it's defrauding the college of the money they're owed.
To be fair, there's an argument to be made that AA is also religious.
It's also worth noting that that "higher power" is a more personal thing for many folks around AA. It isn't necessarily something spiritual. There are often atheist or agnostic AA chapters around.
Is it proprietary? If so, sharing it could run afoul of a handful of laws. We don't break laws here. &gt;Plenty of lawyers have access to these materials. I also have access to the complete discography of the Beatles. I'm not likely to give you a copy, because that would be illegal.
You'll be charged with some rather hefty drug crimes. Felonies, probably years in prison. You need to hire an attorney yesterday.
You're asking if it's legal for two judges to talk to each other? Why would that be illegal?
Mono, as God intended.
Think of it this way: when I write checks for my business, they're printed automatically by my bookkeeping software. I click a few buttons, it prints them out for me. All I do is sign them. That's legal, why wouldn't this be? So long as your mom is doing it at your grandmother's request and with her approval, this is fine.
Of *course* it can. Why is that a bad thing? You get to talk to the judge. Your lawyer gets to talk to the judge with the express *purpose* of influencing decisions. Why wouldn't another judge be able to?
Location matters. What her existing contract says will also matter, assuming she actually has one. If she's let go, she needs to apply for unemployment. For the record, this job *really* doesn't sound like it's for her. She should seriously invest in a good therapist.
&gt;Can he get his bond revisited? A local attorney familiar with the local courts might be able to help, but honestly $25k sounds reasonable for these charges. &gt;Why would they refile the charges? Who knows? Maybe they finally decided they had enough evidence to convict. Something new may have come up in the course of their investigation. In any case, these sorts of threats aren't (and shouldn't be) taken lightly. &gt;Any advice really Get him the best attorney he can afford.
Your best bet is an attorney. By being honest, remorseful, and responsible you'll demonstrate good things to the court. The DA may offer you a deal to lesser charges, but, again, an attorney will help that go better.
He doesn't have to tell you why he's pulling you over. You found out once you got the ticket. For what it's worth? I'm a huge advocate for police accountability, and I think he was in the right here. You were a douche, and breaking the law.
Then you've gotta tell them "hey, this is copyrighted information. I can't give you a full review with references until we own them. This is all I can give you without access to a copy." I do research on the regular for my job. If the research requires information that I need to pay for, I make sure my client knows I'll need to bill them to complete the research.
I'm sure a Canadian will be by to answer your question better, but generally your lease should say something about entering for repairs. In certain circumstances they typically need to give notice.
It's not fake, but it's not a ticket either. [Here's](http://www.laweekly.com/news/everything-you-need-to-know-about-ignoring-red-light-camera-tickets-5146123) an article out of LA talking about it. Basically, you can probably safely ignore it but it may cause some minor headaches down the road.
You could be charged. They may just let it go, so long as you pay to fix the damage. I'd note that it doesn't take much to dent the sheet metal on your typical mailbox enough to make it hard to open or close.
Listen to him, OP. He's been through more divorces than your typical family court judge.
I'm not a psychic, dude. Somewhere between 0-100%. &gt;Also do you have a link/source? For Tsarnaev in particular? No. As common practice, attorneys can appear on their client's behalf in many situations.
Jesus. Talk about entitlement. You didn't work those hours, and you seem to have avoided working them by choice. Why would you get paid for hours you didn't work? Either claim vacation time or don't get paid. I'm sure your boss would be fine with either option.
Did they already return your deposit?
&gt; is it plausible that only the one town department is able to see that I am listed as a suspect in a rape investigation? Yes. &gt;What could the term "suspect" mean in this instance, is it solely that someone accused me of rape? Probably. &gt;Do I not have a right to know my accuser of such an allegation? No, you have the right to face your accuser *in court.* This never got that far. &gt;How long will this be on the records of the town? No idea; that'll likely depend on that department's policies. &gt; What, if anything, should I do moving forward? Don't worry about it. Whatever this is doesn't sound like it's a big deal. You weren't even questioned, so they obviously didn't take it seriously. You might try contacting the police department to see if you can get more information. It might even be some sort of clerical error.
Yeah, I'd do that. Send that with the check, via certified mail.
What if the camera's name is Bill? Can he still get off?
Sure thing. When dealing with something like this, I'd say your best bet is to be friendly, concerned, and mildly confused. Don't be belligerent or demanding, it'll get you nowhere with cops. Also don't be surprised if they won't give you a name. They need to be careful incase you're crazy and vindictive over it. This will give you another chance to ask about a ride along.
No, don't turn it in in person. Sending it certified will create important documentation for court.
Yeah, I'd want to know too. Can you make a guess based on the timing? Any crazy exes?
Yeah. When I was about 18 in college, I worked at Wal-Mart. Part of my job was working the photolab. We were *constantly* on the lookout for copyrighted materials, even from the self print kiosks. We wouldn't even print photos that looked like they were from a professional without a release, let alone something like a band's logo.
I don't think anyone here can advise you on Singaporean law.
Yeah, no. Nobody here will help you find a way to circumvent child porn laws. For fuck's sake. &gt;What is the safest way of going about this? The safest way is also the easiest: don't host child porn. Edit: damn, mods. Y'all are quick today.
Had you not waited until an hour after the clerk's office closed on the fucking day before, I'd tell you to call and reschedule jury duty. Since you decided to wait until now, I'm telling you to miss the exam and reschedule that. One comes with a potential failing grade, the other comes with a potential contempt of court charge.
Way to wait until the last minute. &gt;aren't you supposed to be given 30 days? Why are you being evicted? Non-payment of rent? Where are you located? &gt;Do you get charged extra if you leave shit in the apartment when you leave? Yup. It costs money to clean up the mess you leave.
I'm not sure what you're getting at here. Care to explain?
We need a bot. They didn't need to mirandize you in this situation. See this bit: &gt;there was no formal questioning. That's what Miranda is for. It's for interrogations, not every single arrest. &gt;Is there anything I can do about this? Talk to your parents and hire an attorney. Also, I like that you said you weren't smoking weed. Nobody *accused* you of smoking weed. You were charged with trespassing, and it sounds like you were doing just that.
2.5 hours is hardly an "extended period." If you have some sort of disability that requires you to use the bathroom more frequently, ask for reasonable accommodations.
No, he's being advised to get an attorney to help him get his money back while covering his own ass. He'll get his money back, but he needs to be careful here. As you said, the landlord's a crook. If he doesn't get June rent, he's likely to try to evict OP. Paying it and then writing a demand letter or suing is his best course of action if he wants to avoid the headache.
A bank would be an odd thing for a person to be. Are you drunk?
This will surely end well.
I got ya, brother.
Did I get this right? You went into a neighbor's house to delete their security footage? What the fuck were you thinking? Talk to your lawyer about specifics, but there's a good chance you fucked up your career plans here.
Just trying to help /r/subredditdrama hit their quota.
Alright. Well, my advice is the same. I guess you should count yourself lucky that you weren't nabbed on a bigger day. Although this will still be enough for a few years in prison if you're lucky.
We're a big enough target in our own right. I doubt it's any one user bringing trouble.
I get being pissed, but he lost my sympathy when he went off on someone trying to offer advice.
Careful. I might start thinking you have a soul. They'll kick you out of the bar for that.
Eventually? Almost certainly. I mean, the Nixon tapes got released. After enough time classified military and CIA documents get released.
As with most background check questions on this sub, it's hard to say what will show up. It depends on what kind of background check is done. The effects of this arrest and conviction will depend on the policy of the school. It's really hard to tell you anything definitively. That having been said, it's likely that your *arrest* is still on your record as an OUI arrest. They may or may not check for that, so I'd err on the side of caution and explain that. Depending on what your program is in and what school, my bet is that they won't really care about something like an OUI arrest, especially since you weren't convicted of it.
Fuckin' a. Get 'em!
That's my reading too, but it's damn hard to understand (I'm also an asshole who's incredibly skeptical of anybody who writes like this and is complaining about school issues.)
Did you mean to post this in /r/legaladvice?
Amusingly, she posted there too.
I'll have you know that my one-off rates are *very* affordable. Only $75/hr with a two hour minimum.
Bartlet didn't serve.
Of course! Hell, I'll even take 37 months of Reddit Gold.
&gt;Not really interested in morale speeches here That's a shame. I give *great* motivational speeches.
Or she sued somebody and they weren't properly served.
Check their sidebar, there's a whole list. I mostly lurk /r/badhistory and /r/badlegaladvice.
&gt;I think it's time /r/legaladvice starts putting together a "best of.." list for the sidebar. This one deserves a top spot for sure. And a great tradition was born.
It happens. They'll reschedule it without any headache for you. I'm sure the cop just didn't realize it was Labor Day. His traffic court day is probably Monday, and that week is just the next available Monday.
You mean you didn't get the implant that automatically downloads SCOTUS decisions into your brain? Pleb.
Are these shares you acquired as an employee, like as part of an equity agreement? If so, I'd consult an employment law attorney.
You can do that, or check your local Bar. There's a link in the sidebar.
Good question. I haven't read the decision, but it probably isn't legal in the territories yet. It's a complex issue, but constitutional rights don't automatically extend to the territories.
What makes you think anybody here can answer legal questions about every single jurisdiction in the world?
Certainly the driver. Depending on states, and assuming these are minors, the driver's parents could be civilly liable. I'd imagine the other idiots in the car could also have some liability.
I'm sure Swedish law has some sort of negligence statute. The person driving has a duty to drive responsibly. This is not responsible. The driver is not being forced to drive with someone on the roof. He's made a conscious decision to do so.
Who cares? That's not the question. The driver in this scenario absolutely knows what's going on. So do the passengers. ETA: I'm also having a hard time imagining how someone could *not* know that there's someone on the roof of their car. He was either there when you got in the car or climbed on when you were in it. That's hard to miss.
As I said, it's a very complex issue. It goes back to a series of SCOTUS rulings from the early 20th century called the [Insular Cases.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insular_Cases) The tl;dr is that the Court said that the Constitution does not automatically apply to all territories under American control.
Okay. Fine: hypothetically, if someone drove with someone on their roof and*didn't* know, they'd still be civilly liable and criminally negligent.
I'm also unclear why he thinks we *need* to see it from a different perspective, especially when that perspective clearly doesn't apply to OP's question.
Where are you and what's your hourly rate? Edit to your edit: what's your position? After your tips are added in, do you make more than a $7.25/hr average per pay period?
So they aren't even violating company policy? Yeah, you've got no recourse. Hell, joining a union wouldn't even help you.
To what system? The law sets a minimum wage, and you're paid more than that. Anything beyond that is up to you to negotiate.
Yeah, I've never seen a link between SRD and increases in bad advice. Usually it just leads to an uptick in bestoflegaladvice regulars. Now, I'm with you on bestof. That shit ruins good subs.
You absolutely need a contract. You can charge how you like. Monthly fees seem to be the industry standard for social media, but not for webdev. You can, of course, charge per job if you prefer. That's not really a legal question.
None of this is illegal in Indiana. She can absolutely be fired for refusing to comply, assuming she doesn't have some sort of contract that states otherwise.
I assume this is something sensitive and personal? If so, I understand your hesitation here. . . But this is a legal demand. That requires a certain amount of information. I'm afraid you'll need to be open and honest, just like you would if you were suing over it.
All of those things are possible.
Not only can you be randomly tested in CO, but you can be fired for testing positive for THC. The CO Supreme Court recently ruled on it.
If you're at all unsure, you should get a local attorney to draft one for you.
So you're providing non-legal advice that has absolutely nothing to do with his question or problem? Got it.
I'd tell him to pound sand. Do you have documentation of you telling him not to ship the items?
Pound sand is an expression. It means tell him no very emphatically. I have a gold star next to my name because I've been recognized as a consistent quality contributor on this sub. It doesn't mean I'm always right, but that I usually give good advice.
What does it say? My guess is yes, it still applies. That was probably for the entirety of your employment.
We don't do that here. Contact your local bar.
Ah, fuck. You're right, somehow I missed the state and just plugged right on.
You're not obligated to pay.
You're gonna need to give more details. What was staged?
Yes. That's fraud.
No.
Haha, no. Thanks though.
Yeah, tell them to pound sand. Send a certified (not notarized) letter telling them to stop contacting you. It might be worth giving an attorney some small amount of money to write it - people pay attention when it comes from a law firm.
Sure, but the issue may not be whether or not the kid had stitches, but whether or not the cat caused the injuries.
Congrats. You're the most honest OP we've had all week.
Okay. That doesn't answer the question. Why can't you wait?
That's a *really* common assertion from MRA types.
Pay for delivery to the unit? That's what I did when I lived in a walk-up. What makes you think UPS has a responsibility to carry it up? I'm genuinely curious. Does it say that anywhere on the website, or where you ordered it?
You're getting downvoted because it was explained a half-dozen times in the linked thread.
The third comment in the link and the top two comments in the overall thread also explain it. That's hardly buried.
That's a neat trick, considering my girlfriend and parents don't even live in the same country.
I hear you, but I don't agree with the deletion. This is the sort of thing that needs legal advice, even if it isn't the advice OP wants.
It's almost certainly fraud, and the friend she stays with could be charged for harboring a runaway. The parents wouldn't get charged for anything here, but your friend probably *will* be charged.
Destruction of evidence and DUI for sure. Possibly some sort of obstruction charge to boot, and I'd bet on possession.
It's going to depend on your contract. I doubt they have any particular right to run the check unless the contract says they do. I'd negotiate something similar to this: &gt;my company can do a background check and ensure it meets their criteria. I think it's fair for them to want to run a check, FWIW. I get your hesitation though, and would probably try to find a compromise.
&gt;Is stating the wrong vehicle color in the contract (purchase agreement) grounds to nullify the contract? Almost certainly not. &gt; Should I peruse getting a Consumer Protection lawyer If you like. When you purchase a car, the purchase is final. You're likely not going to have any recourse here unless the dealership is willing to make a deal. I wouldn't hold my breath. &gt;or can this be handled differently? Sure. You can enjoy your new car.
I can only give 1/10 for execution, but you get 2/10 for being timely. I give it a 3/10. We'll wait for the Russian judge to weigh in, but I'm afraid it's not likely you'll be able to move on to the next round. I'm sorry.
You made me spill coffee all over my nice white dress shirt. I'm suing you for the cost of dry cleaning. Also, did you turn off your flair?
In spite of the fact that I'm spending all day doing menial data entry, I'm in a good mood. I'm stopping work early to go to a BBQ.
No, I assure you he didn't miss that.
Pregame with whiskey.
You seem to have been mistaken.
&gt;katsup Katsup? It's ketchup. That's blasphemy here in the land of Heinz.
&gt;Are these guys being screwed over? Oh yeah. &gt;is the practice of hiring people for unpaid retail positions legal? There's a test to see if an unpaid internship is legal. Here are the criteria: * The internship, even though it includes actual operation of the facilities of the employer, is similar to training which would be given in an educational environment. * The internship experience is for the benefit of the intern. * The intern does not displace regular employees, but works under close supervision of existing staff. * The employer that provides the training derives no immediate advantage from the activities of the intern; and on occasion its operations may actually be impeded. * The intern is not necessarily entitled to a job at the conclusion of the internship. * The employer and the intern understand that the intern is not entitled to wages for the time spent in the internship. If even one of these is untrue, the internship is illegal and the worker needs to be paid at least minimum wage. I'd bet this violates all but one of the six. ETA: you should report this to your labor board.
That's King Solomon's Advocate. I think they're mandatory in Israeli courts.
I'm not even sure what he's upset about.
I think that fits best under /r/badlegaladvice.
This sub actively encourages throwaway accounts. It's a troll, but you can't use age of account to judge that here.
Why should he ask his employer? That's usually a good way to get your contract ended. "Hey boss, are you cheating me? I'm not sure, but the internet wanted me to ask." OP, if you feel you've been misclassified you can go to your state's DOL.
Yeah, but you'd have an almost impossible time proving it.
It won't happen soon, and probably not to this degree. I think we're seeing the first bargaining number.
Don't forget financial aid for school.
&gt;My girlfriend was then let go with no evidence other than her own admission to being given the roll of film. Well. . . That's an awful lot of evidence, don't you think? &gt;So, I suppose, technically my girlfriend did steal. Yes she did. &gt;But isn't it a company's obligation to guarantee the integrity of their employees? Arguably they did exactly that by firing your girlfriend. &gt;If my girlfriend was she told could keep the film by someone she believed at the time to be her direct superior, could she still be fired, or could she claim that she was misled, or set up to fail? Your girlfriend could have been fired for wearing mismatched socks, even if her socks actually matched. She can *absolutely* be fired for stealing. &gt;Is there any recourse? She can file for unemployment, but she's unlikely to get it. &gt;Could she perhaps get her job back? lol, no.
This sort of thing will take months at the short end. I wouldn't expect an update this year, honestly.
&gt;raining stair-rods. I'm stealing this expression. Folks on your side of the pond have all the good ones.
Of course they can. Your bonus is a reflection of the state of the company. In past years, your company was stronger, so you got a bonus. This year your company isn't profitable, so they're not giving bonuses.
I think I have a new understanding into the sorts of people giving weird advice here.
Give them a call and ask. I don't know what your policy says.
I've heard that about Boxer. I'll vouch for Sanders, though. He's a mensch.
Jesus, it's terrible. The worst part is that none of these jagoffs will actually vote in the primary. I'd hate to be running GOTV on his campaign.
I'm so sorry you're going through this, friend. What your mother did is not legal at all. What county are you in? I can tell you who to call.
Question for the mods: at what point does this become brigading? [Especially considering that the OP of the last post was directing people here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/howardstern/comments/3bnc9q/anyone_care_to_recap_the_bobo_drama_over_the_past/csnqlu4) and that folks were obviously voting in our thread.
None of this is likely to get you out of your lease.
Who pissed in your Cheerios this morning? It's a kid in a rough spot asking for advice. That's what this sub is *for.* The advice he's gotten has been to call CPS and the Police. Nobody is telling him otherwise, coddling him, or convincing him to "discuss it." Edit: oh, never mind. I checked your post history. It seems a black person must have been the one to piss in your Cheerios.
