But that's not the same as saying all languages don't exist.
Yes, I believe so.
There may be trends by gender or ethnicity whereby due to genetic reasons, different levels of skill or attainment may be seen. This still does not replace individual engagement and observation, but saying something like "ethnicity A is often better than ethnicity B at task C" is not by itself necessarily a meritless assertion.
That's a good point.
My understanding is that compact discs had audio mostly in .wav formats. Sound recorder might be able to help.
I think I'll be in the same country as him over the weekend. I intend to cook us some medium rare steaks and olive oil salad, and then to play a game of Chinese encircle chess against him.
"So I'm thirty five, which means that it's my turn to define my grown up behavior. Now help me get these Peeps into the microwave."
If mockery and abuse are your primary method of peer interaction, I will be looking for reasons not to hang out with you. And your counterargument that "this is just how all guys interact in America" is both demonstrably false and philosophically invalid in its expectation that others passively accept this behavior.
I've only ever seen bad movies with him in them. Maybe I should check out his good work.
I thought about something very similar at the end of Independence Day.
Sounds a bit like a super shady place my friend wandered into. She was told to report them and didn't. I'll PM you.
If World War 2 followed the experience I had with Half Life 2, it would be technologically superior to its precursor, but it would feature a clutter of unengaging personalities, it would assume a lengthy tedious backstory I neither understood nor care about, and I would lose interest halfway through against an apparently insurmountable enemy challenge. And everybody else would not understand my lack of interest in it.
...yeah, sounds about right.
One Slavic lady I dated years ago ran into me on the subway recently. I'd actually seen her around a fair bit, but we broke up fairly negatively and she stopped all contact. Because I wanted to respect that, I didn't acknowledge her. One such time she ended up sitting beside me and she got up and changed seats to move away from me. That kind of surprised me. In around March of this year, I was on the subway and I heard a "hello there stranger". I looked over and it was her, with her hair color changed and also thinner. I gave her a compliment on her appearance and said it was nice to see her again, which was both true. We game together occasionally now. She has a boyfriend and I introduced him to the game Chez Geek. They're both fun people and I'm glad to be on friendly terms with them again.
Heh heh... Try again, kid...
Cingular wireless. But they've been split up anyway.
The Thrawn trilogy was amazing. But I found myself rooting much more for Thrawn than for Iblis, Winter, Karrde, or any of the other newly introduced "good guy" characters.
I played the Bioshock games in order of release. I played BS1 when it first came out, then I fell out of touch with the series for a bit. By the time BSI came out, I decided I should catch up and play BS2 first, then Infinite. BS1 and BS2 are great games and I would recommend them to almost anyone. BSI is... different. There's something about it that I'm just not getting into. Part of it could be the level design, which is actually rather linear even though the levels look cosmetically "wide open". Part of it could be the limited vigors and even more straightforward shoot-and-kill gameplay. I found the entire game so far to veer wildly between extremely easy and "multiple deaths before you even figure out the level's geometry" difficult. Most grunt battles are insignificant and tedious. Most boss battles appear to require at least one death just to figure out the parameters. After a few unavoidable resurrection cutscenes, you're back in the fray again. After a few more, Bioshock Infinite throws in a smug little message about how you can change the difficulty at any time. I nearly lost all forward momentum through the game during a Giant Black Dude boss battle. Later, I'm at Lady Comstock's ghost and I've gotten stuck. I can't stay alive long enough to figure out the fight's tactics for myself, and I don't care enough about the alternate-history background, or the riddle of the Bird Statue, or the mystery of Lady Comstock's uterus to keep plugging away at the same boss battle. Comstock's voice actor is especially grating. How this game, and not the first or second, is the best-known title of the series is a mystery to me. Probably because tits.
Another party's over...
RTS: Rise Of Nations Flight sim: TIE Fighter CD TBS: Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri FPS (action): System Shock 2, Deus Ex FPS (stealth): Thief: the Dark Project RPG: The Return of Heracles
I don't listen to live radio or watch current TV these days, so most of my music intake is from Pandora. I like Downtempo music, as well as ambient techno like Time Is Up, Deuter, and Buddha Bar. In terms of composition and musicianship, I love Queen's music. I could listen to the Royal Philharmonic's cover of Innuendo for hours.
My understanding is that China is specifically excluded, and the TPP is part of the "Great Game" in global trade between the USA and PRC. I don't remember where I read it, but there was an indepth analysis of China's outreach to nations around the Pacific Rim, and the pattern suggests that China was aiming to counteract and contain the U.S. gains from the TPP - which would not be indicated if the PRC were part of the talks to begin with. IRL IDK though. The TPP is hardly transparent.
Fair enough - my point being that the TPP does not include China.
Goddammit, Ambassador!
The end of About Schmidt, when Jack Nicholson's character gets the letter back from Africa.
A priest is playing golf with a sailor. The sailor uses salty language each time he misses. "Goddammit, I missed!" The priest warns him not to curse in God's name. The sailor misses again. "Goddammit I missed!" The priest cautions him again. The sailor misses a third time. "Goddammit I missed!" The skies open up and the hand of God casts down a bolt of furious vengeance which completely obliterates... the priest. The sailor looks up into the sky. A booming voice from heaven says "Goddammit, I missed!"
Robert Frazier, the Golden Bough. The ur-example of anthropological comparative study of religions. Frazier was blacklisted for including Christianity (then seen as scientific fact) in his survey.
It has to be done in a certain way. Having a woman as a friend, who likes your jokes and and has a good time hanging out with you, is cool. Having a woman as a friend who is super close, or too obviously a great match, or conversely too obviously pimping him out to other women, is creepy and transparent.
Don't be so disheartened that things won't get better. Of course they will. Your friends won't think so, but that's because they're British. In the future you will pick up and master wonderful hobbies. You will make things happen through your hard work and gumption. You will change career paths, go back to school, graduate from your third degree, and then secure a wonderful job in a foreign land with a fantastic woman who is there with you. Not in Britain. You'll do well. You'll do whatever the hell you want to. You won't do it in Britain. Oh, and ask out Roz while you're at it. She's smart and funny and cleans up nicely, and she likes you and you like her and it doesn't matter what the other tossers would say or jeer. She will develop an eating disorder later on and I wonder if she'd turn out differently with the confidence boost that comes of a good relationship. Stay away from people whose only skill is wisecracking, even if it makes them super popular.
MMDDYYYY :eye-twitch:
It looks like the expensive place in the Hampdens where Louis CK got roped into a charity show by Seinfeld.
I love gluten. The Chinese do a very yummy meat substitute that's made from wheat gluten and it is super tasty, soaking up all the sauce it's cooked in. All the more for me!
I was 18 and walked six miles in darkness to see a cathedral with my childhood friends.
Whores d'oeuvres?
Yeah, if you go round putting your watermark on stuff, how would another redditor repost it for karma?
Bioshock Infinite: limited weapon loadout, uninteresting plot and linear setting, too easy mook battles and too hard boss battles. I ran out of money for respawns at the graveyard battle and I ran out of interest at the same time. Wargame Red Dragon: no tutorial, designers expect you to have played the first two games, newcomers need mentoring by experienced gamers to get into the basics. The most frustrating game I've ever played. I'm not new to military RTS games (favorite being Rise of Nations) but when your Steam counter shows eight hours spent in game and you still can't figure out why you're winning and losing, there's something wrong with the game's accessibility. Half Life 2: not a bad game, but I don't understand the hype. It's got some limited NPC interaction, some vehicle sequences, and otherwise is a basic shooter with platforming elements. I got up to the lawn tunnel tripods bit and died several times and lost interest. Might have been groundbreaking on release, but now there's nothing special about it to make it must-play gaming.
I hear you on Bioshock Infinite. Oddly, I initially felt negatively towards Dishonored, because of the cliche opening plot. But by the time I played a few hours in, I was hooked. I loved Thief the Dark Project back in the day, and this game was a worthy heir.
Gimme Ursula Andress every time.
Just ordered the original Pokemon Blue and Red for Game Boy. Hoping to use them to trigger the Mew Glitch and get all 151 Pokemon! (I'm about halfway through playing Pokemon Yellow on my N64 via Game Boy Transfer Pak.)
State or country.
In 2000, the Nintendo road show did actually come to my country in Europe and I rode the train down to the truck and got a Mew for my then-girlfriend. Unfortunately I then taught it Fly which she was annoyed about. :/
Cool!
My mom is a Muslim. She doesn't practice very strictly, but her one rule is: don't eat pork in the house. She went to the hospital to give birth to my brother, and my dad brought home this new type of food called "bacon"...
[This thread in the Steam Community](http://steamcommunity.com/app/287450/discussions/0/540744474973293679/) may have some useful info. I recall I had this problem too, but I fixed it and I don't remember how.
The old Johnson and Johnson Baby Shampoo fragrance. It's been discontinued for years in the U.S. I only ever encounter it on my trips abroad and it smells like childhood and innocence and my mother's mild annoyance at having to clean up the bathwater splashes on the floor.
In my city, Guangzhou, there is a skyscraper nicknamed the Electric Razor because of its shape, and it actually captures and converts enough wind energy to be self supporting off the grid. It was originally designed to give back excess electricity to the power grid, but ultimately because the grid is an inflexible state owned enterprise, it wouldn't accept the electricity generated and they scrapped that idea.
German tankers and infantry were amazed to discover, in the aftermath of many hard fought battles during Operation Barbarossa, that the fierce Soviet resistance included many female soldiers, especially snipers, who fought in inhuman conditions with meager supplies against overwhelming numerical odds.
I did this in 2010 and never looked back. I store the archive on Google Drive and I can access it from any computer. It has a thirty seven letter long master password that doesn't feature any dictionary terms, so I'm happy about its security. The importance of saving it in cloud lies in the fact that I can update or change passwords and have it remain consistent across computers, which would not be the case if I saved it locally.
Enjoyed it overall, though it cemented my outsider inclinations for a bit. The school was one of Britain's top feeder schools for pro sports. It was also a Christian boarding school. I had no interest in religion or sports. Luckily the teachers were conscientious and I was a good student. I got good grades and I found some sports I enjoyed (though low profile and thus useless for the school's achievement boards). I made some friends through humour, DnD, and fencing and judo and they've become fast friends. (I just went to the wedding of one in London, flying all the way from China to do so, in honor of twenty five years of friendship.) I didn't date, but that was okay because it was a mostly boy's school (five to one gender ratio) and the girls weren't really the type that is conducive to healthy relationships, perhaps through no fault of their own but based on the environment alone. I had a good teacher who encouraged me to think for myself and to be skeptical of assertions and of authority. Basically, I think of high school as college come five years early: I learned to be independent, I met some good folks in the niches, and I accepted that I didn't have much in common with the mainstream. I actually became a lot more mainstream as an adult, at least socially.
For a couple of weeks, I was the top scorer worldwide on the Wii Rock Band 3 leaderboards for several Queen songs.
Yep, this was in 1998 and I'd interviewed at University and got relegated to Corpus Christi. One of the folks who interviewed me was ridiculously young. She was like twentysomething years old and apparently a lecturer already.
I was in the UK recently and the characteristic red telephone booths had been converted to Wi-Fi hot spots. However they required you to sign on using an app or something with a registered account and I didn't have the right stuff. So I wandered London on my own looking for video gaming stores to find a copy of Mario Tennis for the N64. And coming away empty handed, I ordered one off eBay from a guy in Ukraine named Artyom. It arrived at my place in Guangzhou and the Chinese police impounded it thinking it was some sort of subversive software. I got it back. And now my girlfriend is playing it. She's Daisy. The end.
W'all muthafuckas need Jesus
Rizlas cigarette rolling papers also do this.
My friend is U.S. born and has a degree from Rutgers. I had to explain what a toilet fan was and how to turn it on and why this is the courteous thing to do in my house after you take a shit in my toilet. The man is twenty seven.
I asked my father for more life. He was nonplussed.
Pre-release purchases of game software. Parenthood for everybody regardless of their inclination, preferences, financial situations, or responsibleness. Lawbreakers doing it for the infamy and news coverage (this is happening now as mass shootings have begun omitting the names of the suspects). Gamble-and-bailout practices by financial institutions. Overuse of italics, bold, underlining, etc. in websites and resumes.
Screws. Just think about how they work, and what sort of mechanical or mathematical visionary first thought them up.
Probably the sex change operation footage from South Park when the teacher became a woman.
This is worth a thought, OP. I can't speak for you, but my mid twenties were a time of periodic reassessment of my circle of friends. In college or grad school you can count people as friends because of shared experiences. But once you're out beyond a group cohort born of happenstance, it's up to you to look at who they really are, what they value, what they actually do with their lives. And ask yourself the same questions. And ask yourself whether you fit together well. As I've aged, I've found the argument of a shared past ("but we've been through X, Y, and Z together!") to be less important than the future prospects moving forwards. It's also part and parcel of affirmatively choosing your friends, rather than passively accepting the folks that happenstance throws your way as friends.
Actually the largest sandwich you could make and still stay on land would be one person in China and one person in Argentina. There is not much of the world that has landmass at both ends of the antipodes. There was a cool link for this, lemme find it. Edit: I tell a lie! [This picture](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/Antipodes_LAEA.png) shows that although China/Argentina is the majority of the available antipodes, it's by no means the only one. In fact there appears to be an equatorial one with Malaysia or PNG and Ecuador or Bolivia which would probably be bigger, given the ovoid bulge at the equator.
Versace actually looks like something you'd expect to see at Jabba's palace.
Overseas, maybe. C.f. Dalai Lama, South China Sea dispute, Taiwan sovereignty, etc etc. Domestically, however, they're doing all right. And although that's questionable from a long game view, most nations' policy making have historically had to focus on keeping the constituents happy before worrying too much about overseas opinion. They probably have to spend their manpower on internal propaganda first before caring about overseas opinion.
I'll tell you. Because I'd never heard of it until now. And now it is on my playlist. And thanks for the suggestion.
Wasn't there an article about how the Chinese police are essentially doing this with civilians and their social media/criminal history? It raised a ruckus with the Reddit crowd.
Bryant said two of the skinjobs got aced trying to cross the transit ways but there are still four more out there.
If you don't vote, you are literally an idiot. (At least according to the ancient Greek etymology of the word. "Idiot" derives from a classical Greek term describing one who does not participate in their city state's politics despite having the right to do so.)
I have some off color blue Speedo swimming trunks. Does this make me an aquamarine?
I saw it at age 19 in a friend's basement on VHS. I got the director's cut, so no voiceover, which meant I had to pay extra attention if I wanted to follow it properly. Unfortunately, I was dicking around with some 3D twisted metal puzzles, so I was not paying attention. The movie ended and I thought it was the biggest load of nonsensical pretentious wiffle I'd ever seen. I then came back to watch it again with the theatrical voiceover, and although the voiceover is a bit annoying, it is actually very good at keeping the viewer abreast of what's going on. I loved the movie afterwards. Oddly, I had the exact same problem with Inception - the first time I watched it, I was doing something else and I thought it was meaningless airy-fairy arthouse drivel. Second time round with proper attention, I enjoyed it greatly.
"The power to tax is the power to destroy."
It's the only planet with David Beckham's right foot.
&gt; big ol' floppy titties. I used to be that way but now I prefer compact titties, or CTs. Technological progress in storage mediums, etc.
Step one: Cut a hole in the box
Ich finde Hurensöhns Ersten Sonate einfach klasse!
In late October, I went to the London wedding of my oldest friends from high school. He picked me up at the airport and we hung out for an evening and caught up on old times. Most of his guests at the wedding were from his Cambridge days and they were surprised to meet me as I'd known him since we were both ten. I was also free most far flung guest as I'd come all the way from southern China to see him. We don't talk that much because of distance and time difference. But when we do talk, it's like nothing has changed and we're both as fluent and familiar with each other as we ever were.
Chopin's Nocturne Op. 27 No. 2 It's slow going.
"Oh, this is so much *more* than a bag...!"
And you've made me foolish. And the life I lead foolish too.
This is a very close cousin of "some day people will post TIL about how Star Wars wasn't actually started by Disney but instead by some guy named George Lucas".
This was one of the first ever tips I found on Reddit and it has saved me on many occasions. I usually input the recipients into the body of the email first, and then when I'm all done I'll cut and paste them into the recipient field.
When I was a kid, I used to sketch creative new levels in Mario. Lots of airships and underground levels etc. Now in my thirties I just got Super Mario Maker and I'm all out of ideas.
No, I make that statement because the Foreign Affairs Manual (the regulatory rulebook for visa processing at U.S. embassies and consulates) literally conflates the two in the exact same section and paragraph. It may be intellectually inaccurate but it's a fair statement of the laws and regulations. I'm not a fan of it myself either.
There may be other designated poop-free zones, c'mon, let's not judge...
I never got past Tom Bombadil in LOTR, and I've tried to read it about half a dozen times. It doesn't help that it's almost all songs and poems.
I don't enjoy Puerto Rico. Setup with counting chips and starting citizens takes a long time, and the long term strategy is greatly disrupted by actions of your peers. Unless you put a lot of time into familiarizing with the game, it's frustrating at the tactical level. Plus they have the whole "don't show your points in a superficial exercise of masking actual progress" mechanic that I don't like at all. Smallworld is also a surprisingly shallow game after a few plays. Edit spelling making to masking
Yes, but that probably owed more to the political disintegration of the Soviet Union rather than the limitations of its technology or the merits of its scientific achievements.
It was a decommissioned weather satellite, if I recall correctly. So it was serving no useful purpose in space and they decided it would make for a good demonstration of their missile tech and telemetry.
I remember this doing the rounds of the internet around the early 2000s... [Giant robot vagina lasers](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8f82yVHNv1rdp2jwo1_1280.jpg)
I did actually go to the Nintendo roadshow to download Mew. I didn't play Pokémon but my girlfriend did. She died in 2003 and I actually discovered her old copy of Pokémon Yellow in my N64 Game Boy pak just last year. The (current) gf and I are playing through it now. I also got Blue and Red too just for completeness' sake.
Kate Beckinsale is like the real life equivalent of Joanna Dark, the protagonist of Perfect Dark.
35 year old straight male, Johnny Depp.
Did you know that you can sort of sing the Star Spangled Banner to the tune of the Soviet National Anthem???
I got stuck in this game. There is a group of undead near a bridge, northeast (?) of the town. They keep TPKing my party. I changed computers and haven't worked up the momentum to return to the game.
I had already completed my master's degree by the time my colleagues started using Wikipedia to look things up routinely.
I agree. Also, not every sci-fi fan necessarily likes Firefly, but loved some or all of the other shows you mentioned. I like sci-fi but I find it weird how Firefly is held up in such high regard.
Excellent response. It's worth noting that even Queen themselves had no idea the song would get so big. Freddie Mercury, who wrote the thing, thought it would top out at #3 on the charts, instead of doing 14 weeks (combined) at #1.
"That's not the way to get ahead in life." "Too bad he wasn't more headstrong." "He'll never get to be the head of a major corporation."
Let's call it "Ix". It'll fit the whole "ninth planet" thing with the Roman numerals, as well as being something of a tribute to Douglas Adams and the childhood nickname of Ford Prefect. (With a possible callout to Tricia Macmillan's travels in MH.)
I loved Star Wars Rebellion (Supremacy in the EU) for the PC as well, and I've been looking for a galactic management and military game ever since. I have Empire at War but haven't installed it yet (from a Steam gift). Would you recommend Republic at War? Is that for the PC game as a fan mod or similar?
Chinese zhajiang mian is a very close cousin of jajangmyeon in Korea and it's also delicious. In a port city, try steamed fish or squirrel-fried fish (refers to how the fish is filleted before deep frying). If you're a vegetarian, you have lots of choices with the gluten, soy, and mushroom products available. My local place does a great vegetarian dish with bamboo, mushrooms, gluten, and soy all cooked in a clay pot with soy sauce and sesame oil.
It's much more popular up north. There are some great Lao Beijing teahouses which serve it with five different sauces to mix and match. Very good food!
Played this after storming through 1 and 2 to get to it. Didn't get the plot, didn't like the linear levels, and couldn't find a comfortable challenge level between the easy mooks and the frustrating bosses. Ran out of money to respawn on the graveyard fight. Never been back. Can't into pronouns either.
Just tried hákarl (fermented shark) in Iceland. It was kind of like a rubbery cheese with an ammonia smell. The ammonia is why they have to bury and ferment it, as it's toxically strong otherwise.
I couldn't figure out what my favorite gun type was. I was debating between the NATO assault rifles and the various combat shotguns. Then along came a Vintorez and I was in love.
Yes but the universe of what he could choose in terms of foods and goods is much smaller than what we enjoy today. The labor used to create what you wear, eat, and use day to day is far less. It costs far less as well. You may earn less than a king but you'll be spending less of that on clothes and food relative to medieval times. If you feel unwell, medical care is available and the universe of treatable diseases is far larger than that available to past kings. You can sleep in an affordable bed with blankets that are mass manufactured rather than hand knitted, with air that's centrally heated instead of sooty from a fireplace, and with water and food in your belly that's free from parasites and most bacteria. Sure, you may not have a staff catering to your whims. But labor saving advances are much to thank for that.
I was raised in America by Chinese parents and then I went to Britain for education. I will go to the mat to defend the honor of British roast meats and pastries. Beef Wellington is an ideal mixture of both. Spotted dick still makes me giggle like a twelve year old.
Yeah. Me too, man. Me too.
It sucks. Consider credit card companies who will sue you in court and spend thousands of dollars to do so, regardless of how small your unpaid due amount is. They can and will spend more than they can recover, because it sends a message to customers: the rules are firm and cannot be broken with impunity. The gun store owners were in the same situation. Sure, it's a tiny amount of money, but it's a refused payment from their livelihood. It's tragic that the owner (and his son) died over it, but I can definitely understand the "no exceptions" approach to this. I wonder if small claims court could have been a viable option for either party. Say if the customer left his gun in their custody and then filed suit. A dangerous line of work either way.
But you'd wait till you got home first. Good on you kingolingus
I look at your username and I can't help but suspect you might be partial to his animal rescue initiatives and/or a badger.
What's a water closet?
There is one obnoxious design choice which left me in save slot suicide permanently. If you ever try to pass through a door while completely underwater, make sure you have a stable save slot before.
Milliways, the Restaurant at the End of the Universe. I hear the beef is humanely prepared.
And if the game is very complicated and sophisticated, a decent step by step tutorial wouldn't hurt either. I'm looking at you, Wargame Red Dragon.
For conspiracy, I just watched L.A. Confidential for maybe the twelfth time. The book by James Ellroy is high on my reading list. If the movie did the book any justice at all, it's a delightfully complex mesh of conspiracies and counterplots. If you just like seeing harmless (ha!) political machinations in a collegiate setting, check out Porterhouse Blue by Tom Sharpe. It's a British savage satire of donnish life and the petty political squabbles, as well as some sharp insightful plotting and smart moves by both sides. (Pillars of the Earth by Ken Follett also has some fun plotting as well, if you don't mind your conspiracies more medieval in flavor - and peppered with rapine, pillaging, and looting throughout.)
"...information vital to the safeguarding of the Circus..."
TFA only once. I've seen ESB many times and each time it's still amazing
I'd heard it was either Cos Palpatine or Dashit Palpatine. The later sounds faintly South Asian to me (Bengali? Hindi?).
Pillars of the Earth Porterhouse Blue
Even stuff like Tropic Thunder is filled with fairly deft inside knowledge.
Even stuff like the popularity of Simple Jack is at least partially grounded in fact: all the drug mercenaries seem to speak Mandarin Chinese, and Forrest Gump was the first really well known Hollywood movie to be allowed in to China, where it became decently successful and most younger Chinese folks have seen it.
Get Shorty was another great example of Hollywood insiders doing a movie about Hollywood insiders.
Yes, another recommendation for Bioshock 1&amp;2 from me. Infinite is very different from the prequels and I enjoyed the prequels much more.
How about you lend me a sixty eight and I'll owe you one
Ah, the old inclusive statement vs exclusive statement debate...
No More Heroes had wildly inconsistent boss difficulties. This is at least consistent with the rest of the game, which has wildly inconsistent everything. Bioshock Infinite's graveyard fight was too difficult for me and I stopped playing after I ran out of money to respawn. Metroid Prime 2 had a spider ball boss that I have only ever beaten once after numerous hours of attempts... And then I had to reload because I realized I'd forgotten to scan it for a 100% runthrough.
Mandara from Shinobi was pretty crazy. The game even lowers the difficulty level a bit after you die the first time against it.
I bought the house where my parents are currently living. I take care of them because they are elderly and need me.
Deedle-dee-dee Deedle-dee-dee Dee-dee-dee...
Some games are extremely distant for computer brute force calculation to work. Social games (e.g. Mau Mau) are a good example. But yes, a computer that can play weiqi/go better than a human champion is a big huge deal, and kudos to Google.
Thanks for the clarification, that's an important detail. Looks like the algorithm is heavily adaptive.
Reykjavik has the Phallological Museum. Which I imagine is a museum of logical fallacies.
I also wasn't familiar with this term, but I think I like it. I shall go forth and ~~impress~~ *endlessly annoy* young people by making an earnest attempt to incorporate it into my conversation, starting with my receptionist. (Possible LPT for parents: get your kids to stop thinking a song or phrase is cool by immediately singing it or using it in your own conversation. They well very quickly declare it to be lame and abandon it to your unhip, non-daddy-o sorry ass.)
That boss from Conker's Bad Fur Day?
That's phallo-tending hetero-romantic ursine-kin to you, cis SithLord!
Largely because of the colonies, I understand...
Apparently the Earth and the Solar System is moving away from a reference point of the Last Known Scattering at a relative velocity of about 0.2c. I found this out after asking about Immovable Rods in DnD.
Anything by Studio Ghibli, but of all of them it would have to be Princess Mononoke. Some movies portray two warring sides fairly, each with their own valid agenda and their own justifications for their increasingly heinous actions. Mononoke does this for three separate factions. A really amazing movie emphasizing that one side's hero is another side's terrorist.
A little learning's a dangerous thing Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian Spring There shallow draughts intoxicate the brain And drinking largely sobers us again.
Is there a larger megafauna species that could do this without injuring themself? Like a whale?
Your username makes me think you might be a Jedi. ...are you?
Reet so Ahm settin doon at'telleh, Ahve goat meh neeps'n'tatties an Ahm aal set t'havagaanatthe nyüs like. Soodinleh viss proppa ponce comon an he's aal "Good evening, and here is the nine o'clock news." Ah maen, oodafooxgunnaroonderstanvat, eh?
You magnificent bastard.
The only bit that seemed to have a slight difficulty jump in the usual progression was the Them! quest. It's still eminently doable, but you might need to play it safe 'n' sneaky if you try that quest early.
Fallout 3. Use the cheat console to summon the Bad Ass Chinese Assault Rifle from Operation Anchorage and you can kill every enemy in the game in one or (occasionally) two shots.
Weird headline words like "slams" and "mulls" etc. are relics of the newsprint era, when you had to get creative with headlines in limited space. Hopefully they'll change it up as media moves online. Although if current trends are anything to go by, they'll just make you watch a superficially detailed video instead of a thorough print report. And a quarter of that video's duration will be an ad.
That more alcoholic drinks = better. I'm pretty much a one-drink guy now. If I have any more it'll screw up my sleep that night. On the rare occasions when I have two drinks, I'll have to thin them out with several glasses of water in between and afterwards.
Also, before the piece was called the queen (and given her current high power), it was called the vizr and was the weakest piece on the board, only able to move and capture one square diagonally.
Don't Try Suicide, also by Queen
Needs to win by Episode VII in order to watch A New Hope.
Aside from my high school French, parts of the Marcel Pagnol play, Topaze (plus the live action duology Jean de Florette/Manon des Sources), and one single obscene joke from Killing Zoe, je l'ai tout oublié. Ma cousine cadette a commencé à étudier le français, et elle m'a demandé l'assistance. Je lui ai dit "je suis seulement un pête Anglophone, je sais rien et plus important je souviens rien". Un bon nom est mellieure d'une ceinture d'or. Honi soit la vache qui rit. Mon ami Obélix a un pétit chien Dogmatix, et ils sont foux, cets Romains! Zut alors.
The multiple defenestrations of Prague sound like lazy recycling of a plot point. A bit like game designers reusing a level layout, or George Lucas reusing the Death Star (followed by Disney reusing it a third time).
The gorilla was technically black, too. Story checks out.
It was like 2.5 Ke$ha
"Yeah, yeah, it's all fun and games until somebody loses an eye!"
Could be that its copyright lapsed and nobody is willing to try to claim exclusivity. I've heard that Capra's "Wonderful Life" also fell out of copyright somehow so it's a popular Christmas movie to broadcast.
ROGUE CONSCIOUSNESS ROGUE CONSCIOUSNESS ROGUE CONSCIOUSNESS
All my coworkers are cool people. But if I had to pick one who has a faintly difficult quirk, it would have to be the one who's a traditional Chinese woman. She doesn't take orders well from people younger than her, which means everybody in the organization. The only person who can give her orders is the company owner.
Hitman 2 is flexible enough both for massacres and stealth play. Plenty of fun guns too.
Man, ain't even the same ballpark. It ain't even the same sport.
The Anti pope?
Actually that's a good point. (Heh heh... Point.) The Greeks had Hermes statues with exaggerated phalluses to be blessed to ensure fertility. The Japanese have that one village where erection statues are venerated. The Dark Lord of the Sith had a glans-shaped helmet, etc.
Oh crap, that reminds me of a horrible news story from the nineties where the CBS anchor had to read out a report about an inmate who sued the state after he was sodomized by a toilet plunger. I was a childish immature teen and I couldn't stop laughing at that. I'm pretty sure if I just stopped and thought about it a second I'd be pretty quiet.
Um... Yeah... I'm gonna, you know, go ahead and agree with you there, mmkay?
Bra-high-ties... burning like fire... : shivers in bedroom :
Geburt einer Nation, by Laibach. I'm on mobile so I can't link it, but it's a fairly literal translation into German of Queen's famous anthem "One Vision". You now, the song that goes *One flesh, one bone, one true religion* *One race, one hope, one real decision* *Woah woah woah woah gimme one vision!* Well, translate that into German and sing it in a death growl and suddenly the lyrics take on a highly sinister light. *Ein Fleisch, ein Blüt, ein wahre Glaube* *Eine Rasse und ein Traum, ein starker Wille* *Ja, ja, jawohl, jawohl, gibt mir ein Leitbild!* The bit where Freddie Mercury asks for "*just one solution*" translates especially grimly into Hitler-esque "*nur eine Lösung*".
I love her *Ne Me Quitte Pas*
I can't get over how great the Knockout Ned plotline is. It's like the perfect description of how somebody can start off with a clear, set, unambiguous moral code and then slowly erode away into brutal killing. "You start off with the rule." (Ned sparing unnecessary bloodshed.) "Then the rule admits an exception." (Carrot saves Ned just in time from an apparent unarmed bystander.) "Finally, the exception becomes the rule." (Ned and the rest of them opening fire indiscriminately into the premises.) Chilling stuff... and an object lesson for anybody who thinks they can employ violence judiciously "limited only to the greater moral good". These things tend to have a vicious downward spiral, and it's a rare moral fiber that can resist it.
Interesting, that's good to know It could simply be a move to generate good will. This is harder to quantify on the accounting books but a persuasive pitch by marketing could do it.
Digitized memory. Never forget important stuff again.
"Where are the Snowdens of yesteryear?"
Another one is "typhoon". 台风 Although my favorite one (and possibly bogus, but fun) is "canteen". 餐厅
Wasn't incest okay for at least part of the bible too?
I dunno, he neutrally expressed interest in hearing the other poster's performance, and the other poster was kind enough to post it. Neither side was obnoxious about it or combative. And I got to see a great performance, so it's a win for me as well!
TIL it was famous. Although don't get me wrong, it was a cool street with fun shops. But if it was a landmark then sadly I was just an oblivious clueless tourist...
Dragon Age Origin allows same sex romances, but only with one character of each gender, I think. And the female character who sleeps with a female lead player happens to be pretty annoying. (Also I didn't like the game despite its rave reviews, but that appears to be a fairly outlier opinion.)
As a citizen of the USA who was educated in the UK and now works in the PRC, I guess I'm SOL :(
Instructions unclear, penis safely tucked away in lower body undergarments, as is fitting and proper for a civilized member (hurr hurr!) of society.
The original post, years ago, had such a good title that the picture wouldn't even be in any way remarkable without it. The title was 99% of the post quality.
The soundtrack for Jet Force Gemini
I dunno, I didn't think the gameplay mechanics of the Rogue series matched the XvT series of games. XvT felt like a military simulation of space dogfighting. Rogue felt more like an arcade game. I thought XvT handled the warhead reloads, mission objectives, and especially the sensors much better than Rogue did. Although I still have my N64 and the graphics and backdrops of Rogue were more varied and interesting, given that the XvT series all took place in space.
Amélie, that is. Her mom is still dead.
What is this, the bridge of the *Spaceballs 1*?
The line between the two can be pretty blurry sometimes. I'm not sure either.
I started off disagreeing with you, but then I got to the bottom of your post and saw that you had several alternative solutions which seem pretty workable. And now I'm conflicted.
I can definitely see that, too. I guess it's a facet of "your financial situation determines the merit of an action".
Also, not so much a fake lyric, but during the drum instrumental bridge of One Vision, at the end of each fourth measure you can hear the entire band shouting the words "One Vision". It's faintly audible over the intense double drumbeat.
For first person games, Deus Ex, Hitman, and Thief. For concept game, Scribblenauts.
For me, the same when the Emperor QinShiHuang's palace at Xianyang was destroyed by rebels. QinShiHuang had already burned every copy of certain books to secure his reign, keeping only one single copy of each at his palace in case they turned out to be useful. The rebels destroyed his palace and also inadvertently destroyed the sole known copies of many books.
Raj is a large novel told sequentially from four different people's viewpoints.
I think this makes sense from a legal culpability viewpoint. Firstly, the kid leaving the sight of the parent is understandable. It happens all the time, and even a reasonably prudent parent could have an unreasonably evasive kid who just vanishes for the few seconds necessary for an accident. Secondly, the damage done was the death of a gorilla at the zoo. Gorillas don't have inherent rights under the (human) legal system, so the next default interest is the zoo's property interest in the gorilla. The zoo has already said it didn't want to charge or sue the parents. (Can you imagine the PR hit they would take?) So that's that. It sucks for the gorilla, but human actions destroy wildlife and natural life all the time without legal consequence. And there's a rational logical reason for that: the human justice system was intentionally created to give people another recourse beyond and above the laws of natural survival. Unless and until this changes, there's no legal foul here.
Yes, even Bernie has the view that change wouldn't be automatic just because he or a progressive candidate wins the election. He has urged progressive voters to keep current at local elections and politics. Potus is just one seat among many, and it was always going to take a long-term effort to make change.
Yeah, remember when everybody was using iminus to host gifs until it started trying to cram stupid popup ads and an app down your throat? Nobody uses iminus now. Seriously, imgur needs to stop with this. It's a rare example of a redditor doing something really amazing for the community and if they cock it up now for apps and ads then it's an unworthy endgame for a previously good site.
I may have to watch it, my roommate won't stop talking about it. Although watching the show has made a big difference in how this Chinese roommate views jobs, family, and life in general.
Well, that's only 10 p.m. California time right? Oh, and 1 p.m. China time! I should probably tune in!
Parakeets can't vote though.
You're a poet but you don't know it. Or... wait... hang on. You're a pundit when you accidentally punned it.
It's Late has some stunning lyrics. "Let the fire take our bodies this night... Let the waters take our guilt in the tide." I can only imagine the internal conflict that the writer was wrestling with in his own troubled relationships when he wrote those lyrics. Innuendo is like the sort of music I wish an entire album could be composed of. The world needs more bad-ass sinister "evil armies" style marches.
Circus folk. Smell of cabbage. Small hands.
I actually stopped playing Zelda games around the GameCube era and I've never gone back. Oot really frustrated me because there were loads of puzzles that relied on one single valid solution, and if for whatever reason you couldn't read the mind of the designer, you were stuck. I think I had to consult GameFAQs a good dozen times during that damn game after I started wandering cluelessly around the landscape. I love Majora's Mask. Something about its puzzle design was weirdly more intuitive for me, and I hoped the series was becoming more natural instead of contrived 2D style puzzles in a deceptive 3D environment. I got Wind Waker for GameCube and I think I got stuck right at the beginning. There's a bit where you're swinging through some caves and you have to change direction. Apparently the way to do this is to hold down the R button to stop swinging and then to reorient. None of the materials of the game told me this so I was immediately stuck again. By then, I was doing my Master's degree so time was tight. Once I lost momentum, I wasn't coming back to a game in a hurry, and I've never bought or played any later Zelda titles. Are they still designed in a similar way, with "one solution, read my mind" style puzzles? Or have they gone the way of Majora with more context-intuitive puzzles (or even like Deus Ex with multiple correct solutions for example)? I have a WiiU but the only game I've lived on it were the 2D Mario games. I'm still very, very leery of Zelda being a frustrating counterintuitive time sink.
Caleb, from Blood. The first thing that happens to you is you die. At the hand of a demigod. Whose main power is binding the various dimensions of the universe together. The second thing you do is you come back from the dead, climbing out of a grave with pitchfork incarnadine in hand, bent on revenge. You will immolate, eviscerate, and shotgun-buckshot-ventilate friend and foe alike, until your bloody swathe leads you back to the throne of the demigod himself... Available on GOG.com as "One Unit Whole Blood".
In my case, I'm probably just not going to vote at all. This is made easier by the fact that I'm in China and voting here is already pretty difficult.
Good book, with a surprising turn into "industrial guru" territory.
Contempt of the court is a perfectly punishable violation. Look, if somebody standing in a courtroom makes it clear through word and deed that they don't respect the execution of justice, then the justice system has an interest in heightening scrutiny of their possible future transgressions.
I'm in China, where there is no Google. Safe to click?
Truman and the A-bomb!
Sounds like a selfish dishonest woman came from a greedy dishonest family, to me.
I'm torn between statting it up as an innate element-based power with Chi as a source, versus altering the Spell Tree to allow Chinese-elemental style magic.
Halliburton has patented something related, though I think it primarily concerns buying up patent holders to prevent competition.
I'll have to try Vampire the Masquerade. I adore System Shock 2. It, Deus Ex, Alpha Centauri, and TIE Fighter are all games that I'll boot up every few years just to get the gaming memories flowing again.
Element number 2 on the periodic table, bitches!
I finished Zelda for the SNES (A Link to the Past) in one single life. But I suck at the 3D Zelda games. I finished Ocarina only under great duress and repeated visits to GameFAQs. And I got about five minutes into Wind Waker before giving up permanently. Still loved Majora though.
The Prince in Waiting, Beyond the Burning Lands, and The Sword of the Spirits by John Christopher. A surprisingly gritty medieval/post apocalyptic trilogy for children, about a young boy's coincidental rise to leadership of a city, and then his efforts as a grown man to preserve it. Politics, betrayal, stunning victories and gripping reversals.
The Twenty Two Letters, by Clive King. Aleph, son of a scribe in pre-literate Sumeria, invents a simplified phonetic alphabet. In so doing, he accidentally breaks the stranglehold of the priestly caste on literacy and political power. His life, and the destiny of humanity, will never be the same...
This may be related, but I've had a few folks on reddit get very angry with the way I write. Not the content, but the tone. Specifically, they attacked it as being too formal or technical. One poster said something to the effect of "stop talking like you're on a goddam jury". I've never seen this particular complaint on any other forum or site. I've met plenty of rude people, but only on reddit have they taken issue with my writing style.
I finished my latest runthrough of Deus Ex, using the Shifter mod. I saved up all my weapon mods to use on the unique shotgun and became a shotgun toting mercenary. I still prefer Tong's ending. Now I'm replaying Human Revolution, trying to go for a bloodless run. I haven't had to kill anybody yet, though I have used a few takedowns or tranquilizer darts. Also, still trying to get into Victoria 2. I wonder if there is an online manual for the base game somewhere. The subreddit has a tutorial but it includes an add-on that I don't have. I hope I don't lose interest in this game like I did with Wargame - it seems rewarding and complex and the designers did at least try to include a tutorial, to their credit.
I was watching my buddy play this, his first Fallout game ever. I remembered something I read in the Fallout 2 handbook. "Dude, put on those sunglasses in your inventory." "Huh?" he asked. "Why?" "Your guy has lived underground his whole life. What do you think will happen once he sees direct sunlight for the first time?" I warned. My friend took my advice. He opened the vault door and his vision swam blurrily as he beheld the outer world for the first time...
We are all exceptional specimens... of a pathetic species!
Very cool!
So, normally I don't like dogs particularly much. This charming little furball is definitely changing my mind though.
Yeah, that always got to me too. One theory I heard was something along the lines of "clade proximity". You feel more able to empathize with the suffering of a lizard than an insect, with a cow over a lizard, and with a dog over a cow, because of our close proximity on the taxonomic scale. I have no idea how true this is. But I have seen immediate and sustained hostility from people angrily demanding that Chinese and Koreans stop eating dog meat, while refusing to even question whether their consumption of pork (for example) might be comparable. That having been said, I do prefer the taste of pork over dog meat, personally...
I watched through all of the Birdman movie in two separate air flights because the critics thought it was really good. But it was actually pretty boring.
The narrative frame of the movie intentionally leaves unclear whether the universe is real, which may very well include birds...
I just realized that Office Space came out almost 20 years ago. There's even a bit where Peter tries to describe his work and he briefly mentions the Millennium Bug.
What Zelda game (released or announced) is this? I'm way out of the loop.
People have indeed treated me positively because I was above average appearance. Now my good looks are gone and it takes some adjusting to the current indifferent treatment. (Although I like to think that now when somebody is nice to me, it's because of my personality.)
There was a U.S. Supreme Court case about that
That's why I left Facebook, back in my twenties. It was a time when all my friends and I were generally working in beginning jobs (or slightly more advanced jobs which still hadn't crystallized into stable careers), so money was not exactly trivial and I wanted to get some good 401(k) and retirement compound interest going. On Facebook, though, you'd imagine that everybody was already living off a trust fund, with designer brunches and constant vacation photographs. (Well, that and endless photos and posts about the babies, marriages, and breakups.) I left Facebook in 2009. I recently tried signing up again, because my workplace needs some Likes on social media, and discovered that Facebook requires me to scan and submit some form of gov't-issued ID to proceed. (This may be a China-specific rule, I'll try again once I get back to America.) So chances are good that I'm not going back anytime soon.
Business class ticket, for sure. The ability to just recline your damn chair and lie down is really important.
"Although I don't agree with or condone the Christian lifestyle, killing Christians is wrong - they're deluded enough as it is and their God reads a bit like a psychopath from the Bible." I wonder how they would feel if it were them as the targets.
I'm trying to learn Victoria 2. I have never played any other game by this studio. This is a fairly slow process...
I had the same problem, playing as China. I think both China and Japan are classified as uncivilized nations, so they are lowest in order for purchasing goods on the international market. If any are left after the westernized countries are done, you might be able to buy something, but otherwise it's tricky. I'm also finding this game difficult to get into, and the fan tutorial on this subreddit appears to be written for non-vanilla game with some mod or DLC. But I've enjoyed the few (ultimately doomed) attempts I've made so far at playing China so I sort of want to get better at the game. I've had experience in getting frustrated with complex games that have little to no tutorial support (Wargame Red Dragon being the most maddening of the bunch) and compared to them, Victoria 2 is actually not too bad.
Thanks for your post. I'm still hopeful that I'll post a response to it, but for now I'm reading up on the political definitions of fascism in order to comment intelligently. As for the economic aspects of fascism, those elements are easier to comment on and hopefully I'll have a discussion response soon. But I had no idea what I was letting myself in for by reading up on the political definitions. The definitions are far from clear, and there is a large variance depending on era and outlook of the political commentary. If nothing else, your post stimulated a burst of further reading and research on the part of a fellow redditor, so we can certainly mark it down as a success in that regard.
Screws. The little nails with threads which suddenly hold stuff together. Take a close look at one. Seriously, somebody sat down and invented that. That's genius.
That's a good thought provoking post, but I think it's forwarding a niche viewpoint by relying on very outlier commentary. But let's break down a few elements. Hu Deping is a political sideliner, given the fall of his father (which I personally remember as an observer). Obviously Chinese politics doesn't have a "liberal" wing in the same sense that Western democracies do, but the closest analog might be the reformist wing. This political wing would have a vested interest in emphasizing aspects of the Chinese government which lean towards totalitarianism and so forth, and conversely the main arm of the Chinese government would likely keep this wing under increased political pressure, similar to Ai Weiwei and others who have spoken out against the government. (This is regardless of the objective *merit* of his opinions.) Edward Snowden is under very similar such pressures from the U.S. government. But neither individual is particularly representative of that government's general treatment of its mainstream citizenry. The New York Times has a well-deserved reputation for investigative journalism often at odds with those in power - whether in the US or China. I would also emphasize that NYT's commitment to reporting facts inconvenient to the Chinese gov't has traditionally put it at direct odds with the gov't. Controls have waxed and waned over the years - there was a period during the Jiang leadership when NYT was allowed past the Great Firewall, although no longer. Journalists also routinely get harassed by gov't minders. Within the Chinese apparatus, foreign press workers are also undoubtedly in the "tightly watched" circles, similar to disgraced reformers. This doesn't invalidate their critiques of the Chinese government, but it does address how their experience and viewpoint will be very different from the average Chinese citizen's, or the average foreigner in China's. The article you linked to appears to be a highly-optimized search result from Google concerning China and the fascism question, but let's take a closer look at its timing. It was written in 2012, which was during or shortly after the Hu Jintao-Xi Jinping handover of power. At the time of publication, China was in the middle of a leadership change - press controls have always been tighter during these periods in a way that they generally are not once the leader has been secured. Also, the article cites to a 2005 speech by Hu Deping... referring to the deposement of his father Hu Yaobang in 1987. 2005 puts us only a year or so into the Hu Jintao administration. And 1987 puts us back into the communes, planned economy, and on the other side of the "tanks in the streets" police action of 1989. Things have changed. But to get at your main question of "is China a fascist police state?" The simplest approach might be to look at definitions, rather than a 3-year-old article from a news source the Chinese government historically dislikes, citing a decade-old speech by a political exile, referring to a deposement from 30 years ago. The [Concise Encyclopedia of Economics](http://www.econlib.org/library/Enc/Fascism.html) defines fascism (economically) as "socialism with a capitalist veneer" which certainly looks promising. But further down, in the detailed overview, it elaborates: &gt; "Where socialism sought totalitarian control of a society’s economic processes through direct state operation of the means of production, fascism sought that control indirectly, through domination of nominally private owners. Where socialism nationalized property explicitly, fascism did so implicitly, by requiring owners to use their property in the “national interest”—that is, as the autocratic authority conceived it. (Nevertheless, a few industries were operated by the state.) Where socialism abolished all market relations outright, fascism left the appearance of market relations while planning all economic activities. Where socialism abolished money and prices, fascism controlled the monetary system and set all prices and wages politically. In doing all this, fascism denatured the marketplace. Entrepreneurship was abolished. State ministries, rather than consumers, determined what was produced and under what conditions." China has some of these elements today, and it pointedly lacks several others: * **domination of nominally private owners?** Debatable. Big business owners are encouraged to join the CCP, and since Jiang Zemin's "Three Represents" doctrine, they have had a seat at the table as one of three classes of socialist heroes. The government still maintains SEOs, but is trying to restructure most of them along competitive models. Private entrepreneurs do not typically receive assignments from the government (though the usual admin work of tax reports and stock declarations exist). * **requiring owners to use their property in the "national interest"?** As above, the government does not assign or give orders to private enterprise, beyond rising procedural concerns such as environmental protection and tax dodging. The government does not, for example, tell Porsche what model of car to make, or whom to sell it to, or which factory's raw materials to use. * **left the appearance of market relations while planning all economic activities?** Regarding the SOEs and the state banks, this charge has some merit to it. Chinese economic planners declare monthly or annual target numbers (and, somewhat contrivedly, always seem to meet them). But outside of the SOEs and the state banking sector (including banking giant China Minsheng Banking Corp., a privately held massive bank) there are no direct macroeconomic controls imposed by the state upon private enterprise. * **control the monetary system, setting all prices and wages politically?** No. The Chinese government holds reserves of goods and sets central banking interest rates, and can manipulate these to try to sway prices the way they want (usually to avoid disastrous inflation of the sort that triggered the 1989 protests), but this is a far cry from setting prices and wages. This is also nothing to with its controls over ForEx rates. * **Entrepreneurship was abolished?** Absolutely not. The opposite is true (see Jiang Zemin's Three Represents, as well as the numerous "New High Tech zones" in almost every major city, with incubators to promote sci-tech.) This is nothing like 1950s PRC or 1920s USSR. * **State ministries, rather than consumers, determined what was produced and under what conditions?** No, if anything, the Chinese government has been trying desperately to boost domestic consumption ever since growth dropped below 8% at around 2011 and foreign direct investment/foreign exports took a hit. Other factors from that site: * **Interventionism seeks to guide the market process, not eliminate it, as fascism did.** China's government is absolutely trying to co-opt the free market process, after decades of trying to eliminate it. Not a fascist economy. * **Under fascism, the state, through official cartels, controlled all aspects of manufacturing, commerce, finance, and agriculture.** This is no longer the case in China, as its SOEs only make up a portion of the industry and the rest are private enterprise. * **Planning boards set product lines, production levels, prices, wages, working conditions, and the size of firms.** Not the case. * **Levels of consumption were dictated by the state, and “excess” incomes had to be surrendered as taxes or “loans.”** Not the case. There are a couple of elements that could apply to China: * "To maintain high employment and minimize popular discontent, fascist governments also undertook massive public-works projects financed by steep taxes, borrowing, and fiat money creation. While many of these projects were domestic—roads, buildings, stadiums—the largest project of all was militarism, with huge armies and arms production." The 'massive public works projects' part absolutely applies, although the 'steep taxes' and 'fiat money creation' bits less so. The army part is a special case - China has generally had a numerically huge armed force, and it is indeed spending heavily on it currently, but the primary focus appears to shrink its headcount and refine it to a more advanced modern force (and most experts agree it will be many decades before it even draws level with the U.S. armed forces in quality). So much for the economic aspects of fascism, which I think have a few similar colors to China but which ultimately fall wide of the mark (primarily, they fail to take into account China's continuing divestment of the SOEs and its increasing reliance on entrepreneurs like Alibaba's Jack Ma, Tencent, and other private enterprise). I then wanted to start looking into political definitions of fascism, and then I got lost down a very deep rabbit hole of competing discussions of this. I may pick back up from here if I get a more clear picture - but for now I don't have a good enough handle of the current thinking behind the political definition to comment. One other dimension which could be worth investigating in a later discussion is to what extent China is a "police state", since that was present in your initial description (but less so in the NYT article later linked).
For male genitals, yes. "Little sister" for female.
You could be right. Even the Zelda games where the puzzles were less frustrating for me (Majora, Link to the Past) generally only had one solution.
Yeah, I've tried to find the philosophical term for that concept (where if enough people believe something exists, then it comes into being). The closest I've encountered is the term "magical thinking", but I'm sure there must be a "-ology" or similar term.
I've wondered what happens if a summary list comment itself becomes so cliche that it has to be included in itself. That could lead to an infinite regression, which would be something worth witnessing...
Texture like Sun
Is your username a reference to that Greek myth goddess who appeared in ocean foam?
Before the Islamic Revolution, Iran had a democratically elected secular prime minister, Mossadegh. The Brits didn't like him because he refused to sell them cheap oil, and MI6 asked CIA to depose him, which they did. The Shah of Iran was put back on his throne and ruled so poorly that the public deposed him and went Islamic thereafter.
我从来没有吃过狗肉，所以狗也不存在。
Clive Barker's Undying has a few unusual guns, like a Tibetan Frost Cannon and a Speargun which can be lightning infused.
We had a teacher whose last name was Scott, but we called him Sco. Or, if we weren't very happy with him, Scrott.
I started to make a game about factional struggles in China, which would allow different teams to put in different amounts of influence into various provinces. The pieces were initially drawn from the Pandemic boardgame.
Lols Reddit? Lols.
I dunno, my interest is already wavering. The best case for me to cut my losses and give up is to say "oh hey, you know that game you bought? Well actually you need to pay a load more to get all the other stuff that makes it playable". I'm going to need a tutorial that walks me through what I've already got before I will even think about dropping more money and time on this title. Sorry.
Parallel Lives, by Alan Bullock, comparing the rise and fall of Hitler and Stalin
Come for life!
This is correct. Nicole Simpson's family received the compensation pay from the wrongful death lawsuit, for example.
The very last expression on his face right as the gif ends is fantastic. It's like a combination of hangdog and "all right, but I shan't *like it*"
I could imagine my experience being pretty similar to how OOT and Wind Waker went. Fun controls, fun world, and getting repeatedly and completely stuck on the puzzles. As I get older, my lateral thinking gets worse and worse. Zelda games have basically become "GameFAQs Simulator". I own but have never completed TP and WW.
"If you run, you're only going to die tired!"
Relevant username
I borrowed Jib-Jib creatures from that setting. So cute!
&gt;Haha! Well, many reviewers pointed out that "cat and mouse chase" can be quite frustrating, especially when you're committing a lot of resources to pin down that base and then it disappears between your fingers. The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin...
Right, that makes sense. Cambridge Five specified "in the hand" so that clearly means a headlined card is no longer in the hand. Just a strange little edge case, but I learn something new even after four years of playing this game!
I usually do winner goes last, but it's pretty much the same principle.
Oh, okay. You just total all the fingers that are presented, then count around the circle (one count per person) until you reach that total number. That makes good sense.
I am beginning to suspect that these alleged quotations by Communist leaders may in fact be partially or wholly FABRICATED to make readers like me appear FOOLISH.
I agree with OP. Infinite is graphically prettier and they give you companion cleavage throughout the game. But it lacks much of the survivalist style combat pacing of the previous games, and the philosophical inquiry of 1 and 2 is replaced by "oh hey, if we blame it on quantum physics we can write whatever plot twist we want". I found the mooks were way too easy, the boss fights were way too hard, and the weapon carry limit was far too strict. The levels appeared wide open but actual walkable paths were limited to a narrow linear choice. Boss fights usually had really dynamic level setup, which was good, but the bosses themselves would usually kill you once or twice while you were still exploring the level geometry. I got up to the Ghost fight and died so often that I ran out of money for respawning, and put the game down and never went back. Plotwise, I have no interest in solving the Mystery of the Holy Uterus.
Spaceballs the Flamethrower! (Ooh!) The kids love this one...
I dunno, I have finished both BIoshock 1 and 2 and I loved them. Their plots were intriguing and philosophically inquisitive, and they did a good job of personalizing competing ideologies. Infinite looks like an excuse to write about lurid arbitrary parallel universes with the plot hook of quantum mechanics.
Hooray! You helped out a little neighbor in need and his family got him back safe and sound!
That thread gave me some problems. One of the first is that the poster specifically said he had compared the handwriting to his own and it didn't match. I want to believe...
I just finished watching The Martian (largely because I was stuck on a plane and couldn't do anything else). It was actually surprisingly good. I'd been expecting some repeat of Interstellar (which wasn't worth my time) but it turned out to be sensible, fairly grounded science. There was also a surprisingly sympathetic appearance of the Chinese National Space Administration too. Good film, well worth watching for space aficionados. I have no idea how "solid" the science is behind the science fiction, but I'd be willing to wager it's closer to the "hard" side of the scale.
Le Carre is fantastic. The action segments are very muted and realistic (no James Bond gadgets, much more like a break for the Berlin Wall and a last-minute scramble over), but the real joy in reading the novels is seeing the intel work. And most of that is much more like a patient picking-apart of motives, desires, and personalities than any leet hacking work.
Rimmer: "broadcast on all known frequencies in all known languages. Including Welsh."
I love gluten. The Chinese have various recipes for it that make it taste like meat.
Subverting the justice system to punish a criminal, however reprehensible their actions. The trial of Roman Polanski is one example.
They'll help you make anustart
Haha! That's just a Photoshop, but I do indeed still have my old Game Boy and Pokémon Red/Blue/Yellow. I'm sure I could rename an Exeggutor to "Exit-EU". Renaming "Barrage" to "Farage" might be tricky though as that's a hard coded move...
You're just looking back on Dubya's term with rose tinted glasses...
Assad's wife was UK educated too.
I used to understand statistics. Back in high school we took a class for two years in it. Now I couldn't even reliably tell you what the chances of at least one success out of five repeated tests at 20% would be. 0.80^5? I have no clue. This is why my Arkham Horror investigators always die horribly.
I'll just fire this game up... And the day is gone. And most of the week too. Every two years or so, without fail.
Ah okay. It's "sa jiao" in Chinese which is essentially the same thing.
Hugh Grant: Did you ever have this problem? Lady Thatcher's portrait: (remains resolutely silent) Hugh Grant: Yes, of course you did, you saucy minx.
I'm glad you posted this. I was about to go the route of field artillery. But your idea is much more portable.
What if the number of successes rose? Say if we now need at least two successes out of five instead of one?
I stand corrected!
That... *would* explain the two fingers...
Tribe powers are hard coded for each tribe, although you may be able to change specific numbers (like the Mayan building bonus percentage). A few powers have been toggled off, which you may be able to toggle on again (the Chinese at one point in beta testing had all library techs for free, and this is still present in the legacy code). If you want to make a scenario with a script, you can script in events that mimic nation powers to some extent. But this will require familiarizing with the scripting language. Individual units can be altered quite profoundly in the relevant xml. Just be careful - the documentation for the xml incorrectly mixed up two categories (I think one is a Label and the other is a Name, which do different things).
EU's maritime nations to UK: "So long, and thanks for all the fish!"
But how well you function without that salt to power you?
This got me thinking. I wonder how the voter turnout age demographics are like in age-honoring societies like Asian societies. Unfortunately, the Asian society I'm most able to observe is China, which has a strong tradition of honoring its elderly, but not a particularly strong tradition of democracy and voting...
It's a type of creamy sauce they add to eggs and stuff, I think.
"Fledgling frontier colony irrationally votes to leave world's most powerful economic and political commonwealth." I guess I can see that. I personally think Brexit is a bad idea, but I can see where you're coming from.
The idea is that if enough people downvote, it's a public service that prevents other readers from having to read your post. ... Obviously we still have some ways to go, but I'm hopeful we'll get there and the thread will be marginally better off. I have a dream.
Yes! I've always wondered if some superb troll of a Mandopop singer has come up with some song where the entire meaning could be changed to mean something different just depending on which tone you substitute in. So something like "written characters come from drawings" could come out sounding like "mosquitoes come from your hair" or something similar. 文字从图画来 vs. 蚊子从头发来
实在来说，中国人大多不太喜欢日本人。
One of my college friends applied to Rare, although he never got beyond the first interview. The Rare telephone system played Banjo Kazooie music while you held the line, apparently.
Well, specific to Mandarin Chinese, the spoken language depends heavily on intonation. Take the syllable "ma" which is pronounced largely the same in many spoken languages. Chinese has it too, but its meaning changes drastically depending on the tone. Má (rising intonation, like a question) could mean "sesame seed". Whereas Mà (falling intonation, like an imperative) could mean "scold". So, because Chinese speakers are forced to pay attention to tonality in order to be comprehensible, they may have a slight benefit to learning how to sing in tune, simply because it's a skill they've been forced to practice while speaking normally. (This is all rather hypothetical. One huge issue with China, being a vast geographical country with numerous linguistic dialects and separate tongues, is that each area tends to speak Mandarin with a separate accent. Tonality is one of the first things to diverge between dialects with time and distance.)
No, but by letting you know how worthless your contribution is, there is the outside chance that you'll learn something from it and stop crapping up other threads in future, rather than forcing people to downvote your posts so that they are harmlessly invisible.
Both levels have infinite respawning enemies, which I find distracting and at odds with the "let's explore this rich environment" style of play which I prefer. Surface 1 has several fun guns in it and a good amount of sunlight visibility. Surface 2 is primarily at night and has low visibility. One thing that was cheeky about the objectives design: Surface 1 required you to push the Use button at the satellite console to turn it off. Surface 2 requires you to shoot it, and if you hit the Use button, you will instantly fail the level objective. I think of the two I'd have to say I prefer Surface 1.
It's not like the Chinese are in any way culturally inclined to stack bricks together to build walls!
I seem to recall reading that Sun Yat-Sen, the father of modern China, protested against his sisters' foot bindings.
Let's get out and vote, let's make our voices heard.
OTHERWISE YOU'D HAVE, LIKE, GIANT ANTS TAP DANCING IN TOP HATS... THERE ISN'T ROOM FOR THAT SHIT
Everyone was bamboo fighting...
To be fair, that's the sort of thing that plenty of other major religions do as well. :(
I'm actually reading through the King James Bible right now on kindle. Incidentally I'm reading it right after reading several histories of China. It's fascinating how similar the first few chapters are, even between Mediterranean basin and Yellow/Yangtze River civilizations. They're both works that follow a utilitarian message of "Here are my laws, but first, this is why you should listen to me because I'm descended from a deity". Part 1: Here's our version of how an omnipotent deity created the universe as we know it. One of the first things is to separate sky from the surface (both God and China's Pangu had to do this). Part 2: Genealogies! Your king, who paid me to write this, is descended from these deities (whether God or Huangdi) via a convoluted ancestry which you won't question because you probably can't read. Many of these will follow a chant or sing song pattern for verbal memorization and verbal transmission through the ages. Note that we will not fill out every single branch of the family tree, because leaving a few blank means we can retcon future important rulers and powerful converts into it. Seriously, if we can convert a neighboring king by conveniently discovering that he's a lesser cousin of our divinity then can you imagine how much that would save on armies and fighting? But the ones who won't submit we can defeat first and then ascribe their failure to divine reasons like failure to follow proper ritual. Part 3: Now that we've established that the deity created everything and is omnipotent and is directly responsible for how people behave, we're going to tell many tales of this same deity behaving in an oddly parochial and xenophobic style, favoring one particular family life and behaving much less like Father of All and much more like Ancestral Protective Spirit. This deity is not concerned with women or people outside your family, except where they further the main goal of reproduction. Both cultures reserve the Curse of Barrenness (Abram's assailants in Egypt, Mengzi's caution to vile criminals) as its most virulent curse for the worst offenders. You are to reproduce and multiply above all other concerns, even the sustainable welfare of your resources and environment. We'll record schisms and exiles of key figures due to overpopulation but we won't admit that this was caused by the policy of "children first" in any way. Caveat. We will not address how, exactly, a foreign tribe that is satisfyingly and bloodily defeated was in any way not directly created by the same deity that claims responsibility for all of creation. This is just another wrinkle in the post facto conversion of our deity from a nomadic tribal ancestral totem, to a cosmogenical higher power that is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnipresent. It's a fascinating read, especially from a viewpoint of societal needs and anthropology. The priorities of survival in a brutal environment above all else (and the post facto justifications for extreme actions, e.g. Lot's incest with his two daughters to procreate) are very plain. I'm looking forward to the New Testament though, as I hear that has much more of a philosophical inquiry to it than the "God as overprotective jealous parent" chronicle of the OT.
&gt; the image she's selling is that she doesn't? This is probably it. K-pop singers are selling a persona and they have to be naive, innocent, and virginal. There was a Reddit thread (not the most reliable of sources, I know...) recently about how if a K pop girl was known to have had a physical relationship, it could hurt her image and the group would terminate her contract. (With the stress being on "known to be" - she could have a boyfriend or whatever but the public cannot find out about it or all the fans would be upset and it might hurt sales.)
I felt the same way as you, Herr Doktor - I felt that board position by playing for ops was far more important than the drips and drops of the Space Race. I changed my mind after speaking with a fellow poster on this subreddit, who explained that the Space Race itself gives as much VPs as a strong domination Scoring Card, plus it gives extremely useful powers such as the "see the headline" or even the "discard a held card". I'd imagine this strategy is a bit less daunting as the Americans (who have far fewer DEFCON suicide cards to worry about than the Soviets), but just being able to see what your enemy is headlining is very helpful regarding scoring cards our DEFCON degrading cards, and discarding a problem card is great. Nothing is definite yet for me, but it's nice that the Space Race track is seeing some new use!
I'm playing my N64 (purchased in UK, 220V) on a Chinese wall outlet (230V) and it works all right.
Donnie Darko is one of the few films to have a scene actually acknowledging this. Donnie is in the car riding with his dad, who says a few sentences and then looks over at Donnie. Donnie freaks and they almost hit their neighbor, but they stop in time.
Too many notes.
This appears in the tactical training wargame "Star Wars Rebellion", where the vehicle materiel of Rebel ground forces is represented by snow speeders. Their effectiveness is simplified to be on par with AT-STs. In the video training strategic wargame of the same name (or sometimes Star Wars Supremacy), the Rebels operate hovercraft style vehicles similar to Jabba's desert pleasure barge or its smaller service hover barges.
Teeth
On a similar note, the famous "Journey to the West" (a Chinese epic novel set in the Tang Dynasty) spoke of a wonderland of riches, wealth, and spiritual enlightenment that the Chinese Buddhist monk had to cross the Himalaya mountains to get to. Land of plenty, birthplace of Buddhism, west of China... It can only be India!
I heard about that too. It was in some distant past religion right? Edit: found it guys, the Ancient Greek legend of Deukalion and Pyrrha. Edit 2: hang on, no. That was not the famous one. The famous one was actually the story of Utnapishtim from Babylonian mythology. My bad.
I use a password archive, Keepass. And then I just randomly type stuff in at the security questions and store the random answers in my archive. Most of the questions don't actually work for me anyway. I'm not married, don't have kids, my favorite foods and films change quite regularly (and I expect this is probably true of most people), and I didn't attend school in the U.S. which removes the charmingly ethnocentric "what was your high school mascot" style questions from consideration. "What street did you grow up on" doesn't work either if you'd lived on three different continents by your eleventh birthday. The website designers should just let people type in their own questions. That way it would function more like a password submission with a user-supplied cryptic clue, rather than the developer trying to be helpful and provide their own ideas of clever failsafe background questions.
Same here. Traded it away for an Imperial class Star Destroyer (Armada). I'd say I turned out happier for it.
I was in high school in the UK, and my English teacher (who was a bit of a smartarse) put up a little flyer on our bulletin board informing the students. "COMET: The Hale Bopp comet will be visible at night for the next week or so. If you miss it, not to worry. It will return in a few thousand years."
In the Old Testament specifically, there is a very strong focus on fathering children, especially sons. Many mentions of women focus solely on their fertility and how many sons they bore for the patriarch. Even a low status handmaiden could be promoted if she bore a son to the patriarch. Given the context of the Old Testament's location, this focus on masculine tribal birth rates may be understandable. Even a peaceful life is hard, given the inhospitable terrain and subsistence herding or harvesting, which rely on male strength to break the ground for planting or to handle the animal stock (goats and donkeys are often mentioned as high status stock, and they are not docile or small enough for children or women to handle as easily as men). Add in the fact that life was often violent, with theft, deception, and murder often occurring as fiat means of settling disputes, and it's clear that sons are essential in a tribe's survival. The ability to field fighting-age males is a deterrent to theft and violence, quite separate from their strength in the field in times of peace. So you have a culture that is extremely focused on producing male children, more or less above any other form of individual contribution. A man is not only regarded for the work he can do and the fights he can win in his lifetime, but also is judged on the contribution he makes to posterity - the value of the fruit of his loins. A homosexual individual thus represents a grave opportunity cost by possibly eliminating a whole lineage of male descendants. In a culture where every pair of strong hands helps to perpetuate your clan, a person who opts not to reproduce might be seen as a short sighted freeloader. Consider the example of Onan, for example, who is required to have sex with a woman who is not his chosen partner, and he "spills his seed on the ground" (later taken to mean masturbation, but it could have been withdrawal or interruptus or any number of other practices). He is cursed because he avoided an act that could have caused impregnation, and that is such a perverse dereliction of duty that the Old Testament holds him worthy of punishment. (Interestingly, the OT seems to be generally quiet about female homosexuality. There is one chapter dedicated to a handmaiden who intentionally seduced a patriarch into having sex with her while he thought she was a non local stranger prostitute, and then obtained a personal item from him proving their liaison and afterwards compelled him to recognize the child she bears him - the narrative has no particular criticism of her actions and even seems to legitimize her child as part of the clan through the mother's machinations.)
I once fired an SA-80 left-handed. Once. And never again. It only takes one instance of extremely hot brass casing ejected into one's cheek to learn that lesson permanently.
"I like driving in my car It's not quite a Jaguar..."
On the hole, I think it feels good
If I laugh so hard I poop my pants, is that self defecating humor?
Joke's on us, that was the Russian plan all along! (Perhaps.)
There's a subreddit, something like /r/wordavalanches, where this would be right at home.
It's lucky there's a helpful dude behind you ready to offer you a fundamental pillar of support.
Bringing an all new meaning to King of the Swingers.
One fortune from the fifties read "find somebody as gay as you are".
I have checked with my Ubiqtorate and ISB contacts and they've cleared the distribution of this [still image](https://www.reddit.com/r/EmpireDidNothingWrong/comments/5mkod2/declassified_grand_admiral_thrawn_at_the_imperial/).
&gt;I was one of the technicians tasked to finally fixing your left-aft deflector shield which was partially defective (it had to be turned off cyclically to prevent over-heating). &gt;I managed to isolate the issue (how did you guys even survive with only shield engineers and not a single shield technician onboard?) and fix it with parts from Thrawn's logistics division. I owe Sienar's requisition staffer an apology. The shield issue wasn't crippling, but it was very annoying because every sortie had to be followed by a complete parts attrition report. That octant came up faulty every single time. My flight officer gave me the task of "complaints manager" and I'm afraid I was rather curt to the industrial liaison...
I had friends from India who said they used British textbooks which mentioned the leaves changing color in autumn. They came from a region where this did not happen and when they first saw it in the West, they were deeply impressed.
The classical Chinese word for blue can also mean green: 青
I used to think the victory points rewards for the Twilight Struggle space race track were piddling little drops in the bucket, but now I'm thinking they may be just as important as board position. Edit: the Space Race gives up to 13 VPs if you progress on it fully and your opponent progresses zero. If your opponent progresses along it entirely after you, they get something like 4 points, for 9 net in your favor. This is maybe equivalent to absolutely controlling a non European region in the game, maybe a bit less. Space Race also immediately lets you safely get rid of cards that could instantly lose you the game. It also gives you some special powers that last until the enemy attains the same Space Race track. In my opinion, Space Race is slightly harder to pursue strategically as the Soviets than as the Americans, since so many U.S. cards would cause DEFCON suicide and you need to keep Space Race cards for them. But the VPs are actually not a bad return on card OP values, and some of the powers are really nice in practice. The ability to see the enemy headline first, or to discard a held card, both remove very real sources of DEFCON suicide from the game. I've played probably two to three hundred games of Twilight Struggle from 2012 to now and I'm still learning new things about it. I used to think the Space Race was a complete waste of time but now that I've been exposed to Chinese-style (or Sankt-style) play, I'm holding it in more of a grudging regard.
In China, it's not uncommon to see people travel with a kid on their lap to save the cost of a separate train ticket. However, the Chinese tend to carry this to extremes. You'll get parents who travel with an eight year old or nine year old, supposedly sitting on their lap. In actual fact they're basically without a seat and understandably not okay with a long trip without a proper place to sit. The parents then have to contend with a wailing kid and their own misery, and then try to sneak their kid onto a nearby seat even if somebody else is ticketed for that seat. No, mom, buy your kid a seat ticket, and stop assuming you get special treatment because of your own short sighted self inflicted misery.
I attended school in Britain in the early to late 1990s. There was a fair bit of discussion about the evil dictatorial Chinese overwhelming the bright democratic bastion of Hong Kong. Very little about the Opium Wars though.
Kate Winslet acted in Jude the Obscure, a UK TV film (possibly by BBC?). She's in a very graphic childbirth scene which leaves nothing to the imagination. I was rather surprised.
Whenever I sign up for some online thing and the security questions from middle class America come up. No, I don't know what my grandparents' given names were. Chinese families never allow you to call them by their personal names. No, my high school didn't have a mascot. It was founded in 1450 by Catholic monks in the British Midlands and it has no dancing sunflower for student spirit. "What street did you grow up on?" is a surprisingly unhelpful question when you've lived on three continents by age eleven. Screw it, I just type in random strings of text and save it to a password archiver. I may not remember them independently but I'm pretty sure nobody else can guess them either.
I got a sudden flashback to Schindler's List from this.
And in Chinese they're not even particularly quick. (This pun doesn't work if you actually write it out in Chinese...)
I dunno, the film seemed solid enough to begin with, but it went off the rails for me when she gave her big speech about love being a force of nature, and then the film completely lost me when they hit the bootstrap paradox with the future folks helping the present through the tesseract. I might watch the film a second time. I remember I watched Inception once and hated it, then watched it a second time and thought it was actually decently good. Same with Blade Runner and 2001 A Space Odyssey. (But not so much, say, with Prometheus...)
Wargamers. People playing a complex online multiplayer RTS game with no risk of real thermonuclear war between the US and USSR.
My brother, who is rather lazy, introduced me to this concept in The Elegant Universe by Brian Green. I then told him that he is moving fastest through time since he's not moving at all through space. He called me cheeky :(
I love the very first response from Serbia, with its oblique reference to a certain Austrian turn whose name signs keep disappearing.
Sports Like, getting angry or sad or disliking other people because of their sports teams. It should be something that brings you joy rather than bringing you grief.
Viz magazine had a fake headline about Mr. T's character from A-team going crazy, cutting off Paul McCartney's privates and turning them into those noisemaker toys used at UK football matches. CRAKKAS BARACAS TURNS MACCA'S KNACKERS INTO KLAKKAS
QinShiHuang (later the first emperor of China) secretly hired an assassin, Jing Ke, in an elaborate false flag operation. He hired the assassin to attempt to kill him, but fail, thus providing QinShiHuang with the pretext necessary to blame and attack a neighboring kingdom. Historically, Jing Ke actually tried to assassinate him in earnest with a dagger hidden in an elaborate scroll. QinShiHuang was not properly prepared for this sudden betrayal and had difficulty drawing his ceremonial sword. Eventually he was able to draw it properly and then kill his attacker.
In the words of Raffles, the Gentleman Thug: &gt;Extract your décolletage from its corsetry Extract your décolletage from its corsetry Extract your décolletage from its corsetry For the delectation of the gentlemen present.
You see Dusty, infamous is when you're more than famous
I can think of two: the diamond collection sidequest, which is very redolent of Chigurh using the transponder/receiver to track down the briefcase of money, and also the silenced shotgun that appears in FC2's add-on pack. That silenced shotgun was seriously my favorite weapon.
TIE Fighter Remastered. Take my money. Take it hard.
I'm getting funny images of you looking at your kid and asking "are you even going to speak English, or just Spanish?" And she'll be like "por qué no los dos?"
I wanted to like Origins. It has several elements that are right up my alley, like NPC chatter, loyalty interactions, and a grim dark fantasy plot where good does not by any means assuredly triumph over evil. However, I played it back in 2010 and eventually finished it, but by the end, it was more just to get my money's worth than anything else. I was exhausted and frustrated and angry at the game, so much so that I no longer trust the recommendations of my brother, who was the friend who recommended me to play it. I must have been playing the game all wrong. I found combat really hard. As in "every ten minutes your group is going to be 50% incapacitated" hard. Or "every half hour you will suffer a TPK and have to reload several times to succeed that fight" hard. I got completely stuck on Branca and her golems because I didn't choose the anti-golem skills for Sten half a dozen levels earlier. I sent the save game to my brother who switched it down to Easy and tried to complete it a number of times and then agreed that I was indeed stuck. (Echoes of the overly hard mage fight outside the early-game tavern in BG1 in this. I didn't enjoy that either.) Healing consumables got consumed at a ridiculous rate and merchants sold replacements at high costs. They very quickly run out of healing stuff. Many reloads were done later in the game even after a victory combat, simply because I looked at how many potions I had to consume and deemed it unacceptable attrition. The combat logic gates were only marginally useful. I still find combat to be very stop and go, with player micromanagement a basic requirement just to stay alive. I did finish it, just to be done with it, but this was also the game that finally made me realize "if it stops being fun, put it down and do something else". After 2010 I have never forced myself to play a game just to finish it. Life's too short. The high rating of this game really puzzles me and I am sure I must have missed some key way of playing it, thus making it unreasonably difficult.
I did finish the game, and I agree with the strengths you mention about it. I just don't get why my experience with the game was so unpleasant when clearly rational and discriminating players found the game awesome.
Yeah, I watched the ending of the game on Youtube. It was good, but not good enough to motivate me to finish the fight. I actually ran out of money from all the respawning and put the game down for a bit, which turned into putting the game down permanently. Life's too short to spend time playing a game after it becomes a chore. :(
The verbs in French which require "to be" for their past tense rather than "to have". At least, I remember the mnemonic "DRAPERS VAN MMT". I have no idea if I can recall the actual verbs. Let's give it a try: D - Descendre, to descend R - Rester, to stay or remain A - Aller, to go (that was pretty easy) P - Partir, to depart from E - Entrer, to enter R - Retournir, to return S - Sortir, to exit or leave V - Venir, to come A - Arriver, to arrive N - Naitre, to be born (interestingly enough, considered to be a movement verb) M - Monter, to climb M - Mourir, to die (similar to naitre) T - Tombir, to fall I think that's it. I probably got a few messed up.
For some reason your username makes me think of a novelty wrestling move.
This post hits home. This morning I took a five minute cold shower. The heater was broken and the landlady is sending somebody tomorrow after work to fix it.
&gt; I mean, I know you're probably talented and got through with minimal effort, but some of us have inferior brains and have to work 3 times harder to keep up. Nah, I was a shitty student. I did really well in high school, then progressively worse and worse through undergrad (English) and master's (Journalism). I went out to work for a few years and by the time I came back to do my Law degree I actually gave a shit about my studies and tackled them in a professional and conscientious manner. I think there is an overwhelming pressure on people to go straight into higher education, even when it might not be the right choice for them. Maybe part of this is the fault of the parents and social pressures, but part of it is also the sad professional reality that an employer puts too much emphasis on a random degree even if a person without one might have more relevant work experience. I know I was a horribly indifferent student for most of my academic career and my parents (Chinese, so probably rather similar in outlook to Singaporeans) paid my tuition without question simply because it was expected. If I could do it all over again, I'd maybe skip the undergrad and Master's degrees, go into law as an intern or clerk, and then pursue a more focused academic career a little later. It would probably have been a better use of my parents' money too. I never paid a single cent for my higher education. And honestly, where's the sense in that? At least I help out my parents with caretaking and some finances, now that I'm grown up. :/
I did get a scholarship for my high school (a fee paying private school in the British Midlands), because at earlier years I was a competitive student. That I believe reduced my annual tuition from GBP10,000 to GBP6,000. Across five years, that was a total savings of GBP20,000. I did my undergraduate in the UK as well, and I think the tuition for a non UK student was about GBP6,600 per semester. I received no scholarship for this. The work and subject were uninteresting and I graduated with a 2:1 (roughly a "B" grade). I took a year off and studied Mandarin in Beijing, which cost some token amount that my parents never told me. I returned to the US and enrolled in a Master's in Journalism. I did get a tuition waiver for this, as I was a teaching assistant. I'm not sure how much I saved. My final GPA was 3.59, which is pretty much a "B" grade as well. Finally after two years trying to make it as a journalist and failing miserably, I went to law school and got my degree after three years. I believe the cost per year was around USD 45,000, and that was already at the reduced local resident level. I received no scholarship for this. Over three years I guess it came to about USD 135,000 or so. My biggest problem was that I had no experience for work so I was pretty much blindly subscribing and committing to a trade study. If I'd known that I wanted to practice law early on, I could have done an undergrad degree in law while I was in the UK. But hindsight is 20/20, and life doesn't usually have a clear roadmap...
As a kid through to my twenties, I could not stand my father. But as we both aged, we both matured and now we have reached a stage where we greatly enjoy each other's company. Nothing wrong with spending time with somebody you share an excellent rapport with, especially when they're related to you!
Victoria 2 is the first Paradox game I've ever played and I'm finding the learning curve to be quite steep. I feel like it's a game that one has to sit down for a weekend and focus on learning to play.
It also introduced us to opium which was pretty awesome.
I had the exact same problem learning Wargame Red Dragon as well. I loved Civilization and Command and Conquer as a kid, but now I guess either the games are getting more complex or my free time is getting too tight (or likely both).
This sounds like a Louis C K skit. "Wait, so in this hypothetical, I'm carrying around a literal bag... of dicks?"
I do this at night, when I'm trying to get my body ready for the sleep cycle. I work a lot with computers so if I don't dim the lights and properly contextualize night time, I won't feel sleepy.
My head is spinning
Very dark humor, but excellent novel by Evelyn Waugh.
The game is phenomenally well done. The second to last mission (I think, B13M05) is incorrectly coded and is way too hard. The designers admitted they should have rewritten the logic. I tweaked a few elements in the mission editor and the mission is now doable on Medium. Haven't tried Hard yet.
This is fantastic. It's like the setting of the final Hyperion sci-fi book, in a mountainous floating temple landscape with a strong West Chinese religious feel.
I bought this game in the US, along with an Action Replay converter so it will run on my PAL (UK) N64. I got it running last night and worked through the first tutorial. It seems pretty intuitive and straightforward. I know that in this game it's possible to promote a spellcasting character to a lich. I've always wanted a party with a lich in it, but I have a question: can I promote the main character to a lich, or does it have to be a later-added character? Looking forward to playing more and finding out more fun stuff!
I read up to Interesting Times and got a bit annoyed at the Asian stereotypes. (I'm Asian myself, so this is a follow on from your observation about Pratchett covering different cultures.) Then again, I read Interesting Times when I was in high school. It's possible that the book has another level of satirical intent that I missed. (Perhaps "here are some common tired stereotypes of Asian cultures, and now we're laughing at the stereotypes and not the cultures themselves", or similar.)
O brave new world!
A new life awaits you in the off world colonies!
The worst anti-social activity that I saw in Reykjavik was graffiti on the city buildings. Iceland seems like a really low-key, law-abiding society.
The app is more of a search function of an old family ancestry chronicle. I understand that the chronicle was modernized in the 1900s and the app can take a person's location on the listed family trees and compare its location to another person somewhere on the family trees. It's not failsafe and it's more for a talking point than anything else. Certainly not legally binding.
Southpaw shooter, nice.
Upvoted for your edit and frank admission.
General Heinrici also was ordered to shoot deserters, which he refused to do. When a more ruthless commander showed up and saw Heinrici herding the civilians and fleeing soldiers to safety, he shouted "a few shootings will set them in order fast enough". To which Heinrici handed him his pistol and said "will you please begin". Nothing further came of it.
I'm the same age as she is, but because of the lapse between filming and release, it felt like I was watching a kid on-screen as a teenage viewer.
I bought Puerto Rico and introduced it to my friends. They liked it, but I ended up hating it, which was weird for a game I myself bought. In the end I exchanged it for an Imperial Star Destroyer in the Star Wars Armada set, so all was well.
You have probably already seen the official response in the BGG threads, which says that apparently this is not allowed. I agree there is an ambiguity to this.
The city is developing new districts at an alarming rate as the key figures go round taxing, stealing and killing each other, and occasionally leveling entire districts of the city itself. And I have to say "Thanks your Excellency" every so often.
Story time: I first signed up onto Facebook around 2009. I stopped using it around 2010 when everybody else was killing their accounts. Not out of politics or anything - I just didn't think it was all that good. Fast forward to 2015, when my workplace asked us to "Like" the workplace on Facebook. By that time I was working in China, so I decided to sign up for a new account. Facebook is normally blocked in China, so I use a VPN to tunnel through the Great Firewall and to sign in. Facebook registers normally for me for the first few days, allowing me to "Like" my workplace. Mission accomplished. Then a few days later, Facebook refuses to let me log on. It has detected that I'm logging in from China, and now it requires my Chinese ID Card or photo ID or passport and a phone contact number. This is to make it comply with Chinese net censorship laws. Think about that for a second. Facebook basically watched me scale the Great Firewall and make my way to their site, and then said "No, bad peon, no free speech for you - go back and play by the authoritarian government's rules". Then again this is the sort of guy who posts photographs of himself jogging in Beijing smog to curry favor with the Chinese authorities. Guess we're all just [dumb fucks](https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Mark_Zuckerberg).
Gus was always my favorite character in the show. He's one of the best movie/TV villains I've ever seen - one where the writers did a great job of showing his brilliance, both in long term planning and in short term speed chess. I think they realized they couldn't out-genius Gus in the final season and so that's why the triumvirate doesn't even try to recreate his infrastructure and equipment.
Yes! Or Sherlock Holmes, or Grand Admiral Thrawn. One of those cool, collected, hugely cerebral characters from fiction.
Yeah, I loved every scene with him in it. Perhaps my favorite ones are his masterful deflection during the DEA interview, his final meeting with Eladio in Mexico, and the last walk from his car to the nursing home with the mournful music playing. Not only is he a fearsome villain to the protagonists, but you see his backstory, and you see his own masterful plans for vengeance come to fruition. Many villains are a static bad guy already safely established. With Gus, they show you his skill, instead of just telling you. Giancarlo Esposito is a fantastic actor.
This did the rounds right after the election in 2000, when Gore v. Bush resulted in a deadlock. I remember all my British classmates thought US politics were a shitshow even back then. And that Bush was the most cretinous politician they'd ever laid eyes on. ... Good times. :'(
I know, but right now we can't tell. And soon enough we may think of you and how you used to be.
I dunno, one of the first things he did was to reinstitute the Soviet National Anthem as Russia's anthem (albeit with the words sufficiently changed). Putin was also ex-KGB. It's not particularly nuanced symbolism, but I could see how it applies. Specifically to Putin, not so much to Russia as a whole.
TIE Avenger pilot here. In all seriousness, how *is* the onboard cappuccino maker?
TIE Avenger pilot here. When you invite the ladies over to inspect your cockpit, do you make any reference to the "three-way" wing design of your vessel?
It's too bad UHS has nothing for the Zelda series. Ocarina of Time got me completely, irretrievably, and infuriatingly stuck on no fewer than half a dozen occasions. Most if not all of them flatly contradicted the laws of physics and/or temporal causation. There was even one bit where you were supposed to learn a song as an adult, then go back in time to the same location and play it as a kid. I remember briefly considering this solution and then rejecting it as too internally inconsistent. A while later, I checked GameFAQs and guess what the only solution was?
Thanks, I'll make that correction, as it's a rather massive error!
I watched the series long after it ended its run, so I was able to binge watch it. That may have changed how I felt about her, compared to how I might see her if I'd had to wait a week between episodes. I've watched the series twice and I'm in my third rewatch. Every time, I've found her to be the "normal" person in the relationship. She's got her flaws and imperfections, but by and large she's the one most wronged against. The problem might be that Walt is the protagonist, so the first seasons tell things from his point of view. He's out doing dangerous exciting things, but Skyler has to wait for him at home and worry and cover his absence with their son. In season two, she starts leading the house on her own little rebellious absences, and you can see from Walt's point of view that it's deeply unsettling and disturbing. There's a implicit critique of Walt's own behavior there, because that's exactly what he's been doing to her for most of the first season.
This. Weapon degradation was a huge balance factor that kept low powered but reliable weapons relevant even later on. It gave you some occasional reason to pick an AK47 over the newer gun with higher ROF, higher damage, and better accuracy. In 3 and 4, about half your arsenal became completely obsolete because they took out the degradation mechanic. However, they could also include a way to refresh your weapon in the field, so you're not forced to abandon it. Maybe have a lengthy "strip and fix" animation, or force you to expend some limited resource to improve weapon condition.
I was just going to suggest this game. If OP has a flight stick and any interest in flying games at all, TIE Fighter is fantastic, and its story blends so well with the Thrawn trilogy.
Huh, I didn't think of that. Do enemies come into the safe houses and prevent sleep? I'll need to give that a try next playthrough!
So called because it's "fon-to-due".
This was a rite of passage for X-Wing gamers in the 1990s - How long can you paddle maniacally with your mouse before you cave and get a flight yoke! My shoulder still aches with the memory. Although, XvT was pretty cool in how it let you control using both the flight yoke and the mouse. The mouse gave you some nice fine aiming ability when your laser blasts have to go exactly just so.
Just for that final push... over the cliff.
In the 1990s, the Thrawn trilogy was accompanied by audio books (on cassette tapes) narrated by Anthony Daniels. His non British accents were... A bit wobbly.
The bit I couldn't really buy was how one ISD then plows into another with enough impact to make it fall apart. I loved the destruction and special effects, which are really well done... But that question still makes me quirk am eyebrow at this scene. Like if two trucks plow into each other head on at highway speeds, sure they'd fall apart. But this is more lie two trucks at highway speeds drifting out of their lanes and colliding side on, which didn't seem to justify all the debris and wreckage. The way this scene goes, it's like one ISD is suddenly a machete and the other is Styrofoam. I would have preferred it if the two ISDs locked together and then the Rebels made mincemeat out of them in the confusion. Or if the Rebels powered up a capital ship and then rammed an ISD at high speed. Both would have convinced me a bit better than the scene as is. Even so, Rogue One was hugely enjoyable for me and I'm definitely looking forward to the next movies In the "related to Star Wars" series.
I was interested until you mentioned Dragon Age Origins. I can't really explain why, but I hated that game. Finishing it was the hardest, most frustrating thing I've ever done and it felt like a grudge-screw with a despised ex. I loved Planescape and BG2 though.
I love this game! I also a fan of GTA Chinatown Wars, which is now available on mobile devices. I'm playing it obsessively on my kindle.
I did. The main group was assaulting a prison camp, and we had one player drop in for a one shot session. She got to play as an enemy falconer, sending her birds up in the sky and receiving their visions telepathically. The players had to evade her "spy drone" style battlefield Intel capabilities and strike at the prison camp. Her character died in the final assault but a great time was had by all.
I've tried replaying various games which I beat as a college student. I just don't have the patience anymore. I can unlock all levels and finish all difficulties on Goldeneye, but I can't be arsed to do all the cheats. Invincibility just isn't worth the blood pressure hassle.
How popular are these, really? I'm in the U.S. for a few months, then abroad for a few months. And I've yet to see a single fidget spinner. I thought they were the "soda can pull tab" thing that people stick to their iPhones at first. I was last in the U.S. in late April. If the fad has only been around for a season or so, I don't think it'll last in memory long enough for it to be recallable in a decade or so.
There was an AskReddit thread, asking what will be the future generation's version of "old grandpa thinking that black people shouldn't vote". And the top voted response was "old grandpa thinks that AIs shouldn't vote". And I realized I would totally be that old grandpa. "Nosirree, voting rights for humans only! Because I don't want an AI to vote! Even if it's smarter than me and more capable in every way! Because then it wouldn't be fair to the humans!" :shakes cane:
Far Cry 2 could work
Surrounded By Frickin' Idiots
Yeah, didn't Primal basically copy the overworld map for FC4 and just slap on a Stone Age veneer to it or something?
FC3 and 4 are really slick and well produced. They're like Hollywood blockbusters by James Cameron. FC2 is worthwhile to take a look at, as well. It's much less polished, much more gritty, and much more morally ambiguous. It's more like a documentary film about the horrors of civil war and man's inhumanity to man.
For my mathematics A-levels in the UK, I took modular classes. So for the end of course grade, they totaled how many points you scored on the various exams to determine your final grade. I was told I had a B grade, which was two points short of an A. I was devastated, as I'd have to retake them if I wanted that A to get into my college of choice*. Eventually they gave me back my modular breakdown. I added up all the numbers and it looked like I got about 20 points over the threshold for an A grade. I checked this with my teachers, with a calculator, and they grudgingly agreed. I got a B changed to an A because the mathematics examiners made a basic arithmetic error. \* Corpus Christi college in Oxford, though I actually failed because of a different class (got a C in chemistry) and ended up going to Durham instead.
It's from the Cold War scenario. Check out the game folders and it should be a simple graphic file I there.
I did actually finish that level last night at long last. Now km onto the final level of base game, Research Hospital, which is not easy at all.
I read it (in translation) and couldn't understand what the big fuss was about. The magical realism segments lost my interest, the multiple Aurelios confused me (perhaps that's intentional, as per Wuthering Heights, but it didn't improve my experience reading the book), and the whimsical treatments of love and sex and relationships either left me faintly entertained (like the couple who kept waking everybody else up during noon siesta with their loudness) or mildly repulsed (like the grown man's romantic passion for a child barely able to read or write). Even the treatment of Remedios the Beauty veered between the sacred and the scatological. When I finished the book, I felt an overwhelming sense of "WTF did I just read?" Perhaps the English translation was partly to blame for it. Like Catcher in the Rye, this book was one that everybody recommends and when I finally read it, I couldn't even figure out what it was trying to say, let alone what was so great about it.
I wonder if that was any good. SBC was on reddit awhile back doing promotions for that movie. The response seemed to be more "okay, Borat was really good and Bruno less so - now you're back to the scripted unfunny excesses of the Ali G movie with none of the spontaneous humor of his interviews".
Benatar, or Buchanan?
Very cute! Thanks for sharing!
Is this a The Whitest Kids U Know sketch?
He looks like he is asking for a nut
Obviously misspelled. Should be Brown Labia.
Walking over to the diners next to you and farting in their food. (This analogy was brought up in *Big Trouble* and was spoken by Dennis Farina's character. Oddly enough, it was describing smoking in restaurants, which at the time was not illegal but was widely criminalized throughout the U.S. within a few years. Dennis Farina shortly thereafter broke the other person's finger to end the discussion.)
I was at an IMAX showing of *I Am Legend*. At the very end of the movie somebody muttered audibly "I don't get it" and everybody giggled.
When Queen made the music video for Bicycle Race, they hired about 60 nude models from a UK talent agency. The women wore helmets and shoes and socks but nothing else. They did a brief bicycle race around Wembley Stadium and then Queen returned the bikes. The bike rental company refused to receive the bikes until Queen also paid for replacement saddles.
I believe in the original flash, there is an extra screen if you click on the R of Strong Mad's DAGRON.
Great teacher Onizuga!
Hot off my butt!
And some people aren't even worth Monopoly money
Do you hear the people sing...?
Another possibly confusing thing: some events have "if" as the first word in the text. Like Our Man in Tehran and Kitchen Debates. These events do not occur at all if the condition is not met. They are put into the discard pile.
I never really got into Puerto Rico, even though I bought it and tried to learn it. The strategies always eluded me and I always ended up wasting my turns and getting my strategic position hopelessly fucked up by whichever players went immediately before me. It is hailed as a seminal worker placement game, and I guess it deserves props for that. I never enjoyed it and I traded it away for an Imperial Star Destroyer from Armada.
Moestly
I seem to recall it happens when you're doing really well and your ally isn't.
Recently the Hong Kong film magnate, Run Run Shaw, died. It later surfaced that he was very old. He'd been born in the final years of the Qing dynasty in China... Which collapsed in 1911.
I loved the Ravenloft setting, and I even converted it to run in GURPS. I liked the Grand Conjunction adventures individually, but the idea of tying them together using the Hexad poem was not very well done. The adventures had no accrual relevance to each other, nor was it clear why they should trigger the apocalypse.
"Don't worry, I've got your back... in my sights."
The best part is the Rebel propaganda doesn't show the massive orbital debris storm that rained down on the moon's surface for untold cycles afterwards. "Ooh look, the Ewoks are dancing merrily! Let's, uh, leave while the welcome is still warm... and not warn them of the multiple meteorite strikes they're about to suffer for the rest of their civilization's brief future." Parachute activism at its worst!
Does the giant magical owlbear creature next to you enjoy the sound of the raindrops on umbrella?
It would be the skill, to answer your second point.
Was that the tree nicknamed Methuselah?
B!
[Earthquake Sets Japan Back To 2147](http://www.theonion.com/article/earthquake-sets-japan-back-to-2147-2240) First paragraph: "TOKYO—Japanese government officials confirmed Monday that the damage wrought on Japan's national infrastructure by the July 16th earthquake—particularly on the country's protective force field, quantum teleportation system, zero-point fusion energy broadcasting grid, and psychodynamic communications network—was severe enough to set the technologically advanced island nation back approximately 300 years to a primitive mid-22nd-century state of existence."
I don't need this to feel old. There are plenty of other things that do the trick nicely: * seeing a teenager in the public library sticking a pencil into a manual rotary sharpener and complaining that it's not doing anything on its own, and thus must be broken * realizing that the airport terminal that was newly built in my town when I was in college is now already one terminal out of date and will soon be two terminals out of date (Beijing Capital International Airport's terminal 2 was built the same year when the 2000 Olympics were held in Sydney - Beijing has since built a terminal 3 and is working on a terminal 4) * comparing where we each were in any given year in the 90s and 00s with my fiancee, who is a decade younger than me ("I was in grad school" "yeah? Well I was in middle school... Dad.") * seeing my dad struggle mentally while shopping at an American grocery, and fearing that I must take care of him from here on out (luckily it turns out he's not senile at all - he's just really easily distracted by food, so that's a relief) * realizing that the twenty year reunion of my high school is coming up, which means that I've lived more years after it than I did before it. * realizing that the death of Anna Nicole Smith (which occurred halfway through my third higher education degree) was more than a decade ago * This year marks the 20th year that Hong Kong has been officially under Chinese jurisdiction after handover from the UK. Most of my friends from high school in England were fleeing this event ahead of its occurrence. * This year, people born in 2000 are beginning to apply for university. * Rebecca Black (of Friday fame) is 18. Monica Lewinsky is 44. * I'm 37 and never-married: several of my age group peers are already on their second marriages, many with blended families. For somebody who feels like high school was relatively recent, this is a weird feeling.
Don't Wait For The Transition, I presume. Autocorrect strikes again!
Like "armed forces personnel tend to vote Republican disproportionately", which is everywhere else in this thread? In any case, I don't necessarily hold with the acronym, I'm just raising it for discussion.
An excellent idea! I think I have a copy of Atlas Shrugged that can serve in this capacity!
YES! And Virginia Bottomley is an anagram for "I'M AN EVIL TORY BIGOT"
Excellent work with the (already quite simplified) warlord states and peripheral territories!
This is really good advice, OP. Part of your concern (bordering on resentment) seems to come from the fact that your buddy may be a major portion of your friend circle right now. So if he withdraws to be a dad to his kid, it's going to rip a big hole in your social life. But you can find others to hang out with. Its surprisingly easy too - I drastically expanded my circle of friends one summer by going on Meetup.com and signing up for some activity every weekend. It may take a while and perhaps some effort, but it is likely to put you in a healthier position, where you can look on your friend's distance without feeling abandoned or let down, because you've got other positive things going on in your life.
That turtle is definitely giving you the 你在干嘛 evil eye!
One thing about the non decimal systems is that they usually are easier to divide into prime fractions than decimal, which has exactly two prime denominators: 2 and 5. Republican France tried to institute a sexagesimal base-60 counting system because 60 has so many convenient denominators. But unsurprisingly nobody wanted to learn cinquante-neuf completely unique numerals before you were allowed to write the number "10".
Hammer To Fall, by Queen "For those who grew up tall and proud In the shadow of the mushroom cloud Convinced our voices can't be heard You just wanna scream it louder and louder..."
KeePass
Over in /r/childfree right now (well... recently at any rate) there are a trending a number of confession threads about folks who realized they made a terrible mistake and are not cut out to be parents at all. Reading some of them, I get the feeling that some folks are deeply regretful that they had kids. Either they didn't realize how much of a responsibility it was, or they overestimated the psychological "boost" that being a parent would give them, or the process changed their relationship with their spouse irreparably and they lost a life of shared love and now instead have resentment. Not everybody is prepared or cut out to be parents. And if somebody really isn't good parent material, the best outcome is for them not to become parents. Sadly, this is a topic that still defies straightforward discussion these days - there's a lot of judgment and subjective values and not much empathy for the other side - and all too often it falls into "here's what I feel and I don't believe or care that anybody could feel differently from me so they must be wrong if they do".
Around the time when hype was building for the Phantom Menace, the internet circulated a photo of Christopher Walken in blue skin. A Walken Thrawn would, have been very, interesting, indeed. , .
It's late at night here and when you mentioned that I need to find a German speaker to emulate, the first thing my mind inappropriately thought of was "hey there was that Austrian corporal..." Highly inappropriate I'm sure you'll agree. The Branau accent alone would be intolerable.
That's an interesting board, it doesn't look like the board I have. (Boxes and fonts are different, etc.)
The best part is when KJA stopped writing stuff for Star Wars.
The Imperial prototypes for starfighters in the TIE Fighter and XvT games were amazing. TIE Avengers all the way for me!
Chainsaw both of you
It could happen to you!
They sound like modem day equivalents of Spartans
Long live eternal president Zarubayev!
&gt; Shouty Spice This is the first time I've heard that nickname. And it is glorious.
Polite and reserved. This is a winner!
I watched this for the first time last July. I tried watching it again in January and couldn't get through it. The film is great, it's not the fault of the film.
Fun fact: in certain parts of Europe they had to change the name of the movie. An Italian adult actress, Moana Pozzi, had much higher name recognition. She got her name after her parents vacationed in Hawaii during their honeymoon.
Yeah, the concept of "central territory" frankly had less to do with an ethnicity or kingdom and more to do with the idea of "here's fertile agricultural land - now everybody wants to take and hold it for posterity". China was for many centuries a shifting land of borders and minor kingdoms, but one constant was that everybody was trying to deal with the rush to the middle. To the north and west, there was hostile dry desert territory, hard to eke out a living on. To the east was endless sea, and to the south was increasingly hostile jungle, hard to subdue and colonize (though they tried, for a long time - the dethroned emperors frequently fled to Vietnam or Burma). From the first emperor QinShiHuang - himself a western foreigner from the far extreme of the Erdos Loop - through the Mongolian rulers of the Yuan and Jin dynasties, to the final Manchurian rulers of the Qing - even far flung invaders coveted the territory and would risk violence and disorder to claim it. The Chinese sense of cultural superiority and being the center of the world was most famously encountered in the last dynasty, the Qing dynasty, when it dealt with the resurgent European powers. But it had its origins in millennia of struggle for the cradle of East Asian civilization, in a fertile plain and river valley framed by the Yellow River and the Yangzi River, and which simple population pressures forced dynasty after dynasty to vie for control over. The administrative struggles of ruling an agrarian empire, at many times comprising the largest by contemporary population, made it rare for a Chinese emperor to care much about what was beyond their borders.
And the hot dog flavored water
Scrolling through, I thought it was a thumbnail of the Death Star surface from Star Wars.
Which one was it? Because depending on the answer, I can totally understand where you're coming from.
Sick of taking falls
And intra familial romances
Burninating the communists!
Young adult fare, but still very well written: the Sword of the Spirits trilogy by John Christopher. Book titles are: The Prince In Waiting Beyond the Burning Lands The Sword of the Spirits They are available on Amazon. After the collapse, England has regressed to a feudal medieval state, and warring cities and lords quarrel over resources and tribute. A surprisingly dark YA novel series, with much of the same themes of violence and betrayal found in the (much later) Game of Thrones series.
Your mother looks a bit like Mariah Carey to me.
The LA-K12 looks a fair bit like the Chinese bullpup QBZ95 assault rifle. Quirky coincidence!
As a Reagan era kid whose parents allowed me to play both Nintendo and computer games - no, they weren't. Nintendo has great games on it. PC has great games on it. Completely shutting off one of these routes for entertainment, socializing, and learning for arbitrary reasons is not "doing somebody a favor".
The idea of sovereignty isn't that usual - the U.S. Government cannot be sued in a U.S. Court of law unless it agrees to be sued.
No, really, she belongs here [in the ladies' room], she just has a very deep voice.
Driving your own vehicle.
This is depressingly accurate
I dunno, I found her sympathetic through all three of my runthroughs. I've only ever watched the series on Netflix though, so every time it's a binge.
If every female student at the Harvard Ball were laid end to end, I wouldn't be at all surprised.
Tibetan culture had centuries of interaction with Chinese culture - in fact, some linguists posit that the current Putonghua dialect development had more Tibetan sources than native "Chinese" (whatever that may mean - it's a slippery definition). So "China" isn't really a tribe of people in an ethnic sense. It also didn't start off as a single kingdom or polity or other entity. It started off as a place - the "central lands" or "central state" of prosperous, rich agricultural lands which seasonally flooded. It spurred the development of a centralized administration to manage the water resources, and it attracted many peoples from the surrounding regions once it became clear exactly how abundant a population the two riversheds (Yellow River/Huang He and Yangzi River/Chang Jiang) could sustain. If you imagine China more as a central plain territory ringed by these rivers, able to sustain a stable population, and hotly sought after for its resources, this may be a more accurate way of thinking about it through its historical development. If you take the Shang Dynasty as the first fully historical dynasty (the prior Xia Dynasty did leave written records, but they were quasi mythical and spiritual), then you've got maybe 2,600 years of continuous inhabitation, and competition, and striving and strife to control and own the prosperous central territory. To the east is salt water seas, to the south is hills and mountains and eventually jungles, to the west is desert and mountains, and to the north likewise. So that's the Chinese - who are less of a race or ethnicity or unified tribe of people, and more just a collection of genetically diverse folks who happen to be in and around this area. When China calls itself the Middle Kingdom, it's not a self-aggrandizement, or denigrating other regions of the world. Rather, the emphasis is more on the central vital importance that the Chinese region played on the lives of those living there. China as the Middle Kingdom is foremost a geographic concept, like "Mediterranean" originally meant "center land" in the West. So those are the Chinese, or at least the geographic definition of the proto tribes who eventually coalesced, conquered, exterminated, interbred, unified, and built up into modern China. But who are the Tibetans? Tibet is geographically at the western extreme of this "Middle Kingdom" schema. Tibet is high altitude, with less agricultural plant yields and a far greater emphasis on livestock. Tibet also was more accessible to trade with the Indus Valley (similarly, those who later unified and became the Indian civilization from a collection of tribes and kindgoms) as well as the trading Central Asian peoples. Tibet had linguistic interactions with the Chinese, and even in Imperial Chinese times, there were special Tibetan delegation quarters in Chinese cities (as is still visible in modern Beijing). Buddhism apparently arrived in China at least twice, first by sea, with relatively little cultural effect, and then once overland some time later via Tibet and India. By this time, Tibetan culture assimilated some of the Buddhist teachings and its priesthood (Lamas) became important social office holders, eventually constituting the ruling class. Buddhism was slower to permeate the Chinese political ranks (which had been made up of a combination of Confucianist and Daoist practitioners, along with a large and evolving pantheon of traditional Chinese gods). One of the first Imperial rulers to fully support Buddhism, in fact, was Wu Zetian, the first and to date only female Emperor, who faced such opposition from the patriarchal Confucian society that she went outside her own ruling class religions, and embraced the lower-class religion of Buddhism to make up her power base. Culturally, Buddhist teachings in China have always stressed a paradise to the west of a land of riches (likely India) to be reached only through arduous journeys over the Himalayas and through Tibet. So that is one major cultural dealing between the two regions. The Tibetan ruling structure had historically been quite distinct from the Chinese Imperial rule, and as Chinese emperors and dynasties came and went, their dealings with Tibet varied. At worst, Tibet constituted an unfriendly peripheral culture that proved a military opponent (perhaps similar to the Mongols, Xiongnu, Huns, Turkics, Manchurians, etc. etc.). At best, Tibetan rulers accepted a place within the Chinese order, similar to a suzerainty arrangement, where internal local affairs were handled by their own rulers, but broader affairs deferred to the Emperor. The final Chinese dynasty, the Qing Dynasty, was ethnically not the majority Han Chinese at all - they were Manchurians from the northeast of China who overthrew the Ming Dynasty and proved militarily very capable. They also were fortunate enough to have relatively stable and long-lived heirs in quick succession, in the Kangxi, Yongzheng*, and Qianlong Emperors (each man ruling for many decades, across three successive generations). These rulers pushed the northern frontier back against the Orthodox Russian Empire, the Korean peninsula back against Japanese neighbors, and even expanded towards southeast Asia. (cont. below) edit: wrong name of a Qing emperor
However, after about three centuries of Qing rule, later emperors were inept and weak. Britain came to the Indus Valley and forcibly united the colonized Raj (which later fragmented into India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh - formerly East Pakistan - after the British departed) and then turned its opposition to Russia, competing for control over Central Asia. Tibet was a key region during this "Great Game" era, and Britain's strategy required Tibet to stay neutral. If Russia could gain access to Tibet, it would have a long and hostile border with the British dominion across unforgiving territory to threaten British interests there. Britain accordingly executed a treaty with the ailing Qing Dynasty, recognizing Chinese control over Tibet. As has been discussed above, this "control" historically was a much more nebulous and variable thing - at times direct control in fact, at other times a more soft-power client-state style influence of a distant fealty kingdom. Fast forward to the collapse of the Qing Dynasty, the withdrawal of the British from an independent India, and the collapse of Tsarist Russia into the eventual Soviet Union. China's own painful throes were legendary during this time: the Qing Imperial rule was abolished in favor of a Republic in 1912. The Republic's president, Yuan Shikai, ill-advisedly attempted to name himself Emperor and was immediately abandoned by his entire Parliament. The Republic's peripheries fell to feuding warlords, whose struggles lasted long enough for some of them to pass their fiefdoms on to a second generation. German, Russian, US, British, French, Portuguese, and Japanese forces carved out colonies along the coast and waited to see whether and how a centralized Chinese government would emerge to finally grant trade concessions. You may have seen the Republic's map of China. It is still used occasionally by the Nationalist Chinese politicians in Taiwan: [link](https://alan47211.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/001109b42f30077d5ba6011.jpg). Note how it lays claim to not only Tibet, but also Mongolia, and several smaller border areas around Xinjiang and north of Manchuria which are now held by USSR/Russia. The Nationalist Part of China laid claim to all territories held by the Qing Dynasty (which was geographically the largest territory ever held by a Chinese political administration). I'll skip over the Chinese Civil War, which was an even more complex and messy affair. Suffice it to say, the Nationalists and Communists fought against each other, then held a brief ceasefire to fight the Japanese invasion, and finally resumed their fight. As you know, the Communist Chinese won. The Communist victory (or perhaps more accurately, the Nationalist collapse) occurred in several stages, starting from the capture of Beiping (later renamed Beijing) and Tianjin in the north, then through a campaign across the great plain down to the Yangzi River, and finally crossing the Yangzi River and pushing the Nationalists to evacuate to Taiwan. The Communists gained their control over Chinese territories bit by bit, often having to fight the Nationalists and deal with the local powerbrokers to do so. Tibet by that time had been beyond direct control, practically speaking, of the Chinese government for some time. The Communists focussed on Tibet and other outlying regions such as Hainan Island almost immediately after their 1949 victory over the Nationalists. This was important to assert the validity of Communist control and authority over China internally, and also to assert the borders and line-of-control claimed by China as a nation on the international stage. By that time, Chinese Communism had complex and very non-traditional outlooks on economy, social order, manufacturing, etc. that often put it at odds even with other communist nations and with its Soviet ally. Many landlords, scholars, former wealthy classes, etc. which represented the "old corrupt society" were violently dispossessed and cast down, to reform a new model of Chinese society. Tibet, being not only a class-based hierarchy, but a religious one at that, was doubly abhorrent to the new communist order. Modern China (Communist China) incorporated Tibet in 1950 after political negotiations and a series of military actions in which the Chinese forces overcame Tibetan military defenses. A final agreement was made for Tibetan suzerainty, whereby Tibet was recognized as an autonomous region within China, taking its internal affairs under political control, but China's government would represent the region internationally. In 1959, Tibetan military forces attempted an uprising against Chinese rule, which was quashed and which resulted in the Dalai Lama, one of the major spiritual and political leaders of Tibetan society, fleeing to India. Western commentators, especially the British, have strongly criticized Chinese actions in Tibet, including allegations of sustained human rights abuses in Tibet and desecration of Tibetan religion. The Chinese respond that the action resulted in the liberation of Tibetan civilians from a theocratic feudal rule, and that Chinese investments and trade and cultural interchange have brought an increased standard of life to Tibetan people. Today, Tibet receives significant trade, subsidies, and investments from the Chinese central government, while also operating under restrictions in travel to and from the region with close government and police observation.
I've never heard this joke before and it's dark as anything I've read on this sub. Well done.
DXHR had a really frustrating point in the training mission that thwarted me and made me give up in disgust for about a year. Its the balcony room where the game expects you to gun down folks using your laser sight for head shots, or to sneak down using cover. If you try to take them out by ironsight shooting, you'll empty entire clips into them without killing them and they will just kill you. Again and again. Until you finally finish the room and then in the very next room is a cutscene WHERE YOU UNAVOIDABLY DIE. The rest of the game was very good, but they dropped the ball on the training level. DX used to be all about tactical flexibility, but this game was some what more linear in design than its earlier two games.
TIE Fighter: great gameplay, plus you get to fly for the bad guys in the movies, with a well written story that gives them some justification for what they do.
But I see no Tobias there! :(
A post, highly upvoted, complaining about the general trend of highly upvoted posts in this subreddit. This is seen in the occasion when a subreddit becomes so self-loathing that posts shitting on the subreddit itself are highly voted. Either way, it's often a sign to unsubscribe for a bit and see if things tide over.
I'm actually okay with kids in general, just I would suck at taking care of them. One time my brother (as a young boy) was sitting on the floor under the ironing board playing with the cord of the iron obliviously. My dad walked in and loudly drew my attention to the risk of the iron falling down and braining my brother to death. I'm like a cartoon character carrying a kid and suddenly we'd both get eaten by a shark.
Yeah, I've lost 7 Ops out of East Germany as a result of this bug before.
I had the exact opposite experience from you with the Bioshock series. I loved 1&amp;2, even going so far as to unlock the Brass Balls achievement for 1. I tried playing Infinite and got up to the Ghost fight and got bored. I will never complete this game.
Star Wars Rebellion was my vote for this category. I have had many great sessions with nail biting finishes. The miniatures are great fun and the game works very well with the background feel of the movies.
Text reads: At the Battle of Yavin, Rebel terrorists, aided by spies and traitors within the Empire, struck a cowardly blow at the new symbol of Imperial power... The Death Star! Darth Vader brought swift justice to the Rebels by destroying their base on Hoth. The pitiful remnants of the Alliance have now scattered to the Outer Rim. In the days ahead, the Emperor will call upon the Imperial Navy to eradicate the last vestiges of rebellion, and restore law and order to the galaxy!
I had that same reaction when I realized that the remake of Red Dragon came out almost 15 years ago.
One really bad job. That way you really appreciate the good jobs you find later.
My womb it will not heeyill
I'm already taking care of a special needs parent. I'm good. My dad is good company and he's well into his seventies, but he is easily distracted, especially by food. Grocery shopping is a very long, drawn-out ordeal.
I think the benefits are largely subjective. Emotional stability, rewarding feeling, etc. which is fine if you're wired that way and like having and raising kids - go ahead and do it. But those folks should also understand that not everybody wants this or would be good at it. People who keep hounding others to have kids remind me of Lamborghini fans. "I love these things so you should get one!" Uh, no.
My favorite story about Chinese speakers is when I went with a black American colleague to a curio shop, and the shop had a bird that kept on saying 那个那个那个 like a stuttering Chinese speaker.
