Captivating comment, bro.
Definitely not lazy about handing them out, that's for sure.
Obvious troll is obvious. ;)
Um, yea. This is a huge problem, and one of the reasons I wish our world was mature enough for nuclear-powered cargo ships. But it isn't , and some yahoo would turn one into a bomb, or a maintenance tech who bought his certification would fall asleep on the job and the resulting explosion would turn the north Pacific into Hiroshima II. The fact that we have a perfect solution for this problem, yet don't have the competence to use it, is one of the biggest reasons I fucking hate the human race. So our options are to grow up and stop being a bunch of petty terrorists and learn to use high technology, or stop shipping shit half way across the earth simply because our repression of the third world creates huge labor cost savings. Or the third, which is business as usual, and it's our children's problem, and they can all choke to death because, fuck them: we're already dead.
You should research the TPP. Or maybe not, since it'll kill you.
Dirty bomb, and not really.
It hasn't passed yet.
Hyperbole to emphasize my frustration.
I think safety security are the biggest issues. The profit is so small that maintenance isn't always the best aboard shipping frighters. Not to mention bad guys.
Dick issues are the worst.
You can have disruptive change, which clearly causes riots in the streets of Paris, or you can manage change, and try not to have riots in the streets of Paris. I'm simply understanding the first and advocating for the second.
They're human beings trying to make a living in an age-old and now outdated business model. It's a good thing that you're not in charge of solving this problem, since your lack of basic human empathy would cause a lot more riots.
Is it a little hypocritical to condemn them but still use them?
Again, it's not right; it's reality. If you want to prevent them from rioting, they need some form of concession. Their industry is clearly dying, and that has to be managed so that it doesn't totally disrupt society. Preventing giant riots is priority 1.
Eh, they are what they are. I don't particularly like nor dislike cabs. But Uber is a better product, and taxis will either step it up or disappear. My guess is that they will be fewer, and nicer in the future, and Uber will take over a good chunk of market share forever.
People are pretty similar the world over. You might do just the same in their shoes. If their families are relying on the income from driving a taxi, then the stakes are high enough for people to start acting extreme. It's not right, but it's reality.
Only when there is increasing supply. Those licenses are so valuable in most places because there is a fixed number of them. In most cities they increase in value over time.
That there's no need to be angry, since you're already getting your way.
"Did you feel bad for the guys who worked at Blockbuster...?" ...I was 15 when I stopped using them, so I wasn't aware of the world. And that's exactly my point. This situation isn't unique, and it'll get sorted out. The winners will win, but that doesn't mean the employees of the old companies should be given the boot immediately. They need time to adapt or switch industries, so yes, I sympathize. How would you feel if that was happening to you? It's a bit awful to celebrate an entire career path disappear. You sound happy that a bunch of people are losing their jobs.
Ok, you've said that you dont use cabs anymore, but that you haven't gotten your way. Which is it?
Also true.
Why do you care if cab companies exist if you're already not using them? It's a little weird to take it so personally. IMO. You have options, so use the best one for you. Sheesh man, the passion about this topic is so strange. The anger is just feeding on itself at this point.
I asked about that quite a while ago, and dropped it when you said you don't take taxis anymore. You're still on the hypocritical thing, not me. I still say you're winning, but at this point, we're completely off topic. Uber will win in the end, and all the hurdles that cab companies are using are just delay tactics until the industry adapts. That's my only point.
Well said.
Also, that guy sounds like he suffers from a problem where once he knows something, he thinks everyone should know it. Sounds like a lack of awareness about how people work in general.
Liking muscles isn't necessarily superficial. It shows determination, discipline, and that you tale your health seriously. All attractive things.
This is an interesting study on the English language and how it changes over time. "May" was written as "is allowed to," but is being used as "has the choice to." Of course, it would be better if it wasn't for this purpose, but what can you do? Also, this can't last long.
Black or white, it's a pretty stupid saying.
Good post! It's probably a good idea to secure anything sensitive as well. Lock up the diary, password the laptop and phone, etc. You can get a cheap lockbox from an office supply store.
Ick. Buy a good one then.
At what point does the fully modeled vag show up?
&gt; It felt like they were only interested in making cool screenshots rather than a playable game. Don't forget imposing their sexual fantasies on the characters!
I was joking, since I had seen that already and thought it was creepy as fuck. So maybe people thought you didn't get the joke? No worries though, thanks for the response.
I thought this was a gamer convention...
I live in Chicago. It's awesome.
Yep. &gt; Albuquerque That's not the Midwest, though. And many Midwest cities are on the Great Lakes or on a river. Minnesota is known as the land of 10,000 lakes.
Updated plastic bits, nice.
Sounds like you're well on your way! * I'll admit that I don't often do a daily task list. I manage a dozen programs for over 300 facilities, so my days often go off the rails quickly with phone calls and emails. Instead, my Outlook calender keeps my daily meetings and I simply refer to my weekly task list every day to see what items I can accomplish. My goal is to migrate nothing to the following week. * I tried a monthly task list initially, but I almost never filled it out as I cruised straight from the 31st to 1st and there was too much at work to stop and create one ( also why I don't keep daily lists). Again, my Outlook keeps meetings that move frquently, so a monthly appointment list isn't useful to me. In 2016, I'm changing this to a Quarterly task list instead, and only writing the larger-scope items there. My department is quarterly focused so this lines up well. A few things I will need to be aware of going forward is to make sure I check my quarterly tasks regularly to keep on track, and I want to better manage my days. I'm considering using 30 minutes at the beginning or end of my day to update my BuJo and file things.
Hey thanks for the info. I didn't include any retirement savings in my post, which is about $10k a year as well. I just ran the numbers and my breakdown is: $32,268 expenses $15,750 in taxes $56,982 in savings. 'Savings' may be dubious. I just paid off all my credit cards, and now that savings will be split between my retirement accounts, paying off student loans ($21,000 per year is our target toward the loans), and saving for a house. Our house savings should reach our $30,000 goal by 2018. So to use your formula, my percentage is 63.8%. That's a little high though, since I think we'll spend a couple thousand this year on clothing and the occasional movie ticket. Our new lifestyle is pretty stressful, so we're looking for low-cost outlets to relax. Thanks!
Um... you moved from a market low-point to a cash high-point. I'm a little worried about you.
Hey, um, if wavelength expands, then it's energy decreases, right? Isn't energy of a wave related to its frequency? So if its red-shifted, the light has lost energy through a frequency shift in order to maintain the constant velocity c? Is that at all what is happening, or just ridiculous?
Exact same hit totaled my GTI in April. Sorry, man, that's rough.
Everyone has a different opinion, but you can get a good sale with any route if you're careful. Don't show up with cash and do the transaction at a bank. Make sure the title is in the same name as the person selling it to you, etc. The car should still be under warranty, so ask which dealership did the service and ask to see the receipts. The dealership may even give you the service history if you call and say you're thinking of buying (that's a guess, they might not due to privacy of the owner). You can even test drive the car to that dealership and have them look it over and verify that it's up to date on service. Best practice is to take it to a mechanic and do a $100-$200 mechanical check on any used car anyway. Also, remember that the value of the car is independent of who sells it to you. The guy can get more from a private sale than a trade in, which is why he's selling that way. However, the price you pay for the car should be about the same, no matter who's selling it. It's just a matter of knowing the value and only paying that much.
People like this are obviously dedicated. But where the hell do they find the time to get to this level? This is like 5+ hours of gym time daily.
First book for me was Where the Red Fern Grows. I was like, 10 maybe?
Looks a lot better, IMO. I did some googling because of the haters in here: &gt;Q: Are wheel spacers safe to use or do they cause extra stress on your axle or wheel bearings? &gt;A: High quality wheelspacers, the kind that bolt up to your axle first are no more dangerous or cause any more stress to your axles then would a wheel with less backspacing. Anyone who tries to tell you otherwise doesn't know what they're talking about and I have yet to hear a single good or specific explanation as to exactly how they are worse. Just to be clear, the cheap-o spacers (the kind that you can get at PepBoys and are sandwiched between your wheel and axle using the existing wheel studs) are in fact EXTREMELY DANGEROUS. These cheap-o spacers leave little thread for your lug nuts to hold onto and can fail. DO NOT USE THESE! [Source](http://www.jk-forum.com/forums/modified-jk-tech-2/how-safe-wheel-spacers-46971/) That was a quick search, and I'm sure there are far better sources out there, but this seems like a reasonable answer to me.
2009 is the safest MKV due to the switch from FSI to TSI engine designation, which most imporantly means the engine switched from a timing belt to a timing chain. It technically switched at the MY 2008.5, but I never bothered to figure out how to tell a later 2008 from a newer one, but it's possible. For the car you linked, my initial reaction is that the price is high, though I'm only familiar with the US market and don't know how that changes in Canada. Definitely look at what scheduled maintenance is coming up, since the expensive one is every 20,000 miles in US-spec cars, and that car is approaching 100,000 miles. Since its FSI, definitely look at when that belt needs to be replaced. You'll want to try to reduce the price further if those services haven't been done.
I paid $15,000 USD for my 2009, but that was 3 years ago and it was certified pre-owned with 56,000 miles. It was under very different circumstances.
&gt; My (ex) husband was a great trainer, was able to spot plateaus and change my workouts, able to advice me on my diet (and I love to eat, so my progress was a bit slower but I enjoyed it more). I never knew, for example, the importance of the order in which you do particular exercises. So many people put in the effort but did not bother to educate themselves on quality posture and movement over sheer quanity; or, would run 40 minutes straight sweating profusely but at the same rate instead of running for a shorter period and doing interval training. I think you're downplaying how hard it is to learn this stuff when you don't know or can't afford a trainer. I'm teaching myself fitness and it's taken me over a year just to get myself into what I consider decent form and a basically supportive core. And that's with a free gym attached to my work, subreddits like this, and instructor-lead classes. The time commitment is also in the learning curve - not just in performing the exercise.
That's definitely a possibility, but the offers started arriving within a week, and well before the 30-day period it typically takes for a score update. Unless they have access to faster updates than I do. :P
I don't know about cars, but since the beginning of 2015 when the Canadian dollar dropped, Canadian companies started pouring raw and scrap materials into the US market. So yeah, it's a smart business move for sure.
Then the 80's happened and prudishness and terrible looking clothes took over for 25 years.
You get to negotiate every time the contract is renewed. The most obvious example is when someone is up for reelection.
I'm a Chicagoan and I didn't hear about this until I heard an npr story *last week.* I'm sorry that your community has been suffering this long without a solution. It's a tragedy. I've done work on underground water systems and dealt with some water treatment. My first reaction is that whoever made these decisions should have known better or asked some experts before screwing with the water system. This sort of thing is easily prevented with even minimal due diligence, and should have been dealt with quickly. I'm sad that this happened to you.
Do you remember when r/jailbait was part of the google listing for Reddit? Took a very long time for that to be changed.
A big problem is the nature of most atheists, and it's outside mod control. When people reach the age of forming their own beliefs they either double down on what they've been taught or go in another direction. So internet atheist communities are almost guaranteed to comprise of young people who recently switched their beliefs to atheism, feel lied to by the adults in their lives, and express their anger by calling believers idiots.
Lol, I apologize for speaking casually and not using legally defensible language. Enjoy r/atheism.
There was no nudity.
Informative post, thank you. I don't have a background in finance, so this basic things that most people know are still new to me.
How so? That's my honest opinion of that sub, but you went after the syntax of how I wrote it rather than engaging with my point. If you want to have a substantial conversation, embrace a topic in good faith and don't nitpick word choice. That's pretty far down on the [hierarchy of disagreement](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7c/Graham's_Hierarchy_of_Disagreement.svg), and calling me immature when I didn't engage in a pointless debate about the meaning of 'most' puts you another step or two below that. So do you have a counterpoint to my assessment of that sub, or will you respond with another witty jab that lacks substance?
Read some of my other comments about that, I already addressed it.
Well that escalated quickly.
Bummer. Ty came to my neighborhood early on in that show and when we drove past he was actually building something under a canopy put up in the front yard, with no cameras nearby. My mom screamed 'Tyyyy!' as loud as she could as we passed by on the busy street; the windows rolled down on her '90 Camry. He looked up, waved, and had a huge smile. It's a shame that changed.
Sure, why not?
Just curious, but what did those cost you? I'd love to have an injection molding machine. I worked in a rubber injection plant for a while, but we used Rep and Desma presses.
Good to know, thanks!
What's your goal here? Do you want me to say that I exaggerated? Will that make you feel like you've won, or something?
Keep fighting that fight, brother. You'll change the world someday.
How? Do they plan to operate each store with fewer people on the floor? Edit: I can't find anything about that claim other than a Walmart watchdog quote saying something like, 'it's hard to find someone with a substantial raise without their hours being cut.' Which isn't a hard and fast fact, IMO, just political posturing. The fact that Walmart is closing hundreds of thousands of stores, paying workers more, and expects operating revenue (or was it profit?) to decline by $1.7 Billion at the end of FYI 2017 makes me think they are closing low-margin stores and focusing on one's that can sustain the higher wages to employees. Maybe I don't have all the facts, but that's my initial impression. I know Walmart is a punching bag around here, but they're one of the most respected companies in the sustainability field. They were one of the first companies to adopt sustainability goals and push compliance onto their suppliers. That doesn't redeem them for past employment sins, but it's not as if the company is an evil empire, either. I'm hopeful that the changes in wages will catch up their employment policies with their other leading initiatives.
How much have they reduced headcount during that time? Sorry to nitpick this, but you're saying things are happening and I can't find information to back any of it up.
Of course that is what happened. The people who made the videos weren't considering the law when they made them. They believe their cause is above the law, and that justifies any and all actions to stop abortions.
I'm not proud of this. I was head over heels for her, but she insisted that we should take a break and get back together "in one year." I fell for it. In that year, she moved in with another guy, Facebook stalked me and reappeared in my life any time another woman showed interest in me - and did so just long enough to scare her away - all the while telling me I was her one and only blah blah. It was amazing manipulation. She would show up, get drunk, initiate sex (most of the time calling it off before it got going), and then cry to me about how I was the only person who called her beautiful or made her feel special, and how she should have never left me. Rinse and repeat at least once per month. If she didn't show up, it was a phone call asking for help for something or other. In that year I was such an emotional wreck that I trashed almost all of my friendships, nearly failed out of school, and was forced out of my Fraternity in disgrace. I befriended the kind of people who enjoy emotional wrecks, and who were themselves terrible people which made things even worse. She later admitted that she was trying to hurt me as much as possible *for an entire year.* That's when I realized there are bad people in the world. I was 21.
You brave soul
A Reddit argument won't change anything, but that hasn't stopped me from taking them way too seriously
*TRP
I've always hated TRP, and one of my biggest issues was that they weaponize PUA tactics so that they can be used in relationships, and then they teach these aggressive, manipulative, abusive behaviors to children. So now you have kids manipulating and abusing each other into sex. However, I never expected them to actually create a teen-oriented sub. Wonderful. I'm sure these lowly pieces of garbage are proud of themselves.
Some things said in this subreddit are so perfect that it's like a warm blanket.
The loan I have is $25k at 5% fixed currently. The offer is for 3.565% adjustable, based on the LIBOR.
I really don't know. We're trying to aggressively pay off debt and save for a home, but it's difficult to do both. My wife has a lot more debt at higher interest rates than this particular loan, so those take priority. I'm guessing that this loan will be in the 10+ year range for a payoff. :/ The biggest factor is that our financial situation isn't stable over the next five years, so I can't give you a great answer. And 25k, I fat fingered my edit above.
I had to look that up aaaaaand goodbye to one hour spent on a wikipedia rabbit hole about the rotation of Earth. Cool history on the Southern Cross though.
I remember when Hotmail was like gmail - all the cool kids had it. But AOL was always aol.
Ugh, that whole top comment chain is terrible. He doesn't have to become president and permit hate crimes to be held responsible for flaming racial tension. It's pretty obvious he's doing that already, yet they claim he can't because he's not president yet. Terrible arguments.
What's mary-sueing?
I've been in your shoes. My ex fucked my shit up. Oddly, I met my wife when I had finally given up trying to date people to cover the pain and was ready to start working on myself. Then she unfucked my shit. :) IME, you have the right attitude to move on and get past this.
Yes, SRD isn't good enough for the high class posting that signifies r/all. How dare we compare ourselves to those so clearly superior to us.
THE MIGHTY KARMA OF R/ALL SHALL NOT BE QUESTIONED
Awesome explanation, thank you.
Oh wow, didn't expect that post by GayLubeOil. He's one of the most well know red pill supporters around and trolls PurplePillDebate routinely. He only has two modes: total nut job and troll. I can't believe anyone would make him a mod of anything.
Oh, nice. I didn't realize there were multiple parts. Thanks!
*as RedPillers.
I honestly can't tell the difference between his actual beliefs and his trolling, so I ignore everything he says. He has a huge following though.
I don't know specifically, but I don't doubt he's said something that strange.
Yeah, that's the 'wall' concept and they claim a woman is no longer sexually attractive by 25 (at the very latest), and they get desperate to secure a husband and settle down. This leads to the theory that women nearing 30 are all used up whores with a disgusting past and are desperate to lock down an unsuspecting nice guy before her looks totally give out. Of course, said nice guy has always been an angel and the woman is using him horribly for his money and stability, and she doesn't actually love him despite him cherishing her. You can see their own desperation and lack of socializing in that theory of the world. And it also shows how young, or at least immature, the majority of RP'ers are. If 16 is the paragon of attractiveness, then they're operating at a Jr. High level of sexual maturity - high school at best. GLO says this stuff and worse, but it's unclear to me how much of it is genuine belief and how much is exaggerated to troll people who disagree with him.
Yep. See what I mean? Total nutcase/troll.
Cool question, and I'm struggling to answer. Either, 1. Accepting bribes at work because I'm in a purchasing department, or, 2. Sleeping with one of my students. Though they're college aged so not illegal, which would just confuse them more I think. Shit, I'm so law abiding that if I saw me getting arrested I wouldn't know why.
Oh for sure, but I've seen people do business as one entity and have all assets owned by a separate legal entity or a trust, possibly in someone else's name altogether. The entity you're conducting business with actually owns nothing and so there's nothing to gain in a suit besides operating funds.
The cartoon villian devised his plot and is impressed by his own cleverness.
Ugh, I have no tolerance for that argument. Pedos aren't oppressed by society, they're shafted by their biology or whatever it is that makes them attracted to people who can't physically have sex. Society isn't being mean by protecting children from physical and mental harm.
Doesn't affect the woman anyway? Doesn't affect? Are they fucking serious? I got beat up by a bad bouncer once (he was right to throw me out since it was closing time and I talked back, but not right to throw me to the ground and throw a punch, dude was 3X my size) and lost my shit over it for a few days. I felt incredibly physically violated. And that was a single, stupid PUNCH. It's nothing compared to rape. I think these guys actually need to be beaten up. Not because it would satisfy me to hurt them or anything sadistic, but because they would finally have the slightest bit of perspective on what it feels like to be at the complete mercy of a person who is harming you and won't stop.
Only took until the second paragraph for a large red flag to be raised. &gt; Let’s put this in perspective, using gasoline as an example. Currently, market forces largely dictate prices at the pump. But suppose instead we have a single gasoline supplier -- which also owns all the means of delivering gasoline -- and government-set retail prices -- which don't reflect gasoline's relative scarcity at different times or locations. This is analogous to how our electricity “market” works. Now that we've oversimplified electricity markets to the point that it's almost meaningless, let's prepare for it to be used as a straw man to rail against policies that don't actually exist. I've written this without reading further, so this is a prediction for the rest of the article. Let's keep going. Nope, more strawmen first: &gt; Now imagine a new technology that allows individual consumers to produce their own gasoline. Say that an individual producer wants to share his gasoline with his neighbor. What price should he get for it? First question: who is providing the transportation from you to your neighbor? You or a utility company? Who is controlling the quality of the gasoline to make sure its the same as the gasoline as provided by the grid? You or a utility company? Ok, this is just poorly written. We just jumped into grid utilization trends without an introduction as to why it's important, and then immediately jumped to reliability trends, also without introduction. Then this: &gt; To criticize NEM for creating inefficiencies would be like blaming a scale for making a person overweight. What? So far you haven't mentioned anyone criticizing NEM for the two issues you stated above, so who is the boogeyman? So far we've set up three bad guys: an oversimplified monopoly analogy, proposing you have a 'right' to sell volatile regulated chemicals to your neighbor, and now some unmentioned nay-sayers that blame grid unreliability on NEM, without linking to a single source that does that. I hope we get to a point soon. Next are claims that NEM has revealed market problems, and sparked a discussion on revamping pricing models, yadda yadda. Not sure either are 100% true, but it doesn't really matter how those two things were started, so meh. Ok, next: &gt; Furthermore, NEM customers are pioneering a more efficient grid. Rooftop solar heralds a series of customer-sited technologies -- collectively known as distributed energy resources (DERs) -- that promise to make the grid more robust, cleaner and less costly. DERs, including smart thermostats, electric vehicles, energy storage, and automated appliances, can optimize consumption and supply depending on both the needs of users and the grid. They can create new business opportunities, like the peer-to-peer sharing models of Uber and Airbnb. They can also minimize the role of the public sector in the power industry. When customers invest in DERs, they use private capital, not utility capital that the public -- that is, ratepayers -- must ultimately repay. Holy shit. Every sentence is a grandious claim that NEM will save the universe. Thanks guy, you just avalanched a whole lot of claims at once. Are you hoping no one will call you on them? 1. More Efficient grid: No. Generating closer to use means less loss during transmission, but user-level solar is about half as efficient as larger, utility-scale solar installations. A big field of panels produces twise as much energy per square foot of panel, and transmission losses are not 50%. 2. DER: True. Distributed generation allows for a more robust grid, but solar isn't the only possibility. CHP, wind, geothermal, and smaller power plants all have this possibility. However, the grid isn't designed to handle this very well. Back when the grid was first laid out, large power plants were more efficient than small ones, so it made more sense to have large plants far away. To reverse this, we need the smart grid which requires grid investment spending, something that the author said was a bad thing in paragraph 3. In fact, rooftop solar also requires a smart grid, again - grid investment spending! 3. &gt; DERs, including smart thermostats, electric vehicles, energy storage, and automated appliances, can optimize consumption and supply depending on both the needs of users and the grid. Dude, that=smart grid=investment. 4. Peer sharing of electricity: Not really. You can already create a co-op with your neighbors, but this is a smart grid concept that is harder to implement than it sounds. You can't just run your own wires to your neighbors house and hope it works because the energy you supply needs to have the same frequency as the grid unless you both disconnect completely. If you supply a different voltage or frequency of electricity, you can cancel out the wave to zero, or on the other hand, start fires and blow things up. Electrical appliances do not respond well to inconsistent electricity. This is why it's not quite so simple. 4. Remove public sector: Again, false. Someone has to make sure the electricity is stable and consistent, and a reliable grid is a national security concern. We can't all turn into pioneer hippies and expect our country to work as well as it needs to. Someone has to step in and coordinate things. &gt; NEM is simply a first-generation mechanism. It is blunt and imprecise, but we should expect that for any first-generation product -- especially when it operates in a “market” hitherto controlled by governments and monopolies. &gt; Encouraging customer investments in DERs requires new pricing mechanisms to compensate DERs for the benefits they provide. The author greatly inflated those benefits and downplayed the investment required to allow them. OK, I've had enough. This guy is all over the place. He's confusing about 174 different things all at once in the article. &gt; Herein lies the rub for many utilities and the policymakers who govern them. The century-old monopoly model will naturally resist murmurs of a free market or entry by new suppliers, especially when those suppliers are currently captive customers and constituents. Alright, we've reached the bottom line: this author only partially understands how the grid works. First, there are two things you pay for: energy supply and transmission of that energy. Second, those are combined into utility monopolies in some states, but many have separated those two. The utility stays the same, but you are allowed to purchase your energy from whoever you want, including 100% renewable energy. This article completely ignores that reality. Third, if you live in a deregulated state and you sell power back to the grid, you can only sell the value of the energy provided, but you still have to pay the utility for providing the grid to transport it. That's why selling back gets you about half the price as the combined cost of buying it. Four, the biggest issue with this article as written is that in order to achieve its goals, more grid investment is needed with a much more sophisticated smart grid. Only then can net metering actually work, since you need a grid that can rapidly respond to a large percentage of renewable energy producing households. On top of that, existing power plants aren't set up for that and can't operate in that environment and still cover their own costs. Those need to be torn down and replaced or operated in an entirely different way. Bottom line - this guy wants expensive toys without paying for them.
&gt; I can not make estimates about this. But judging by my own third grade (which is 8/9 years old here) I would say that around third would have been mature enough for that [sex with adults]. Of course the environment has a high impact on how early these children mature in regards to their sexuality so my experiences cannot be compared to anywhere else. Sex was quite a frequent theme in the conversations of certain portions of my class at that time. OK, I can read a lot of lunacy and find a way to justify it, even if it's ultimately wrong. I'm fairly good at finding the supporting evidence for any claim, really. But this is too much. This is a disconnect with reality. This is ignoring how the world works with such stubbornness that I'm calling this person mentally ill. No sane person could think that a 9 year old child has an accurate understanding of sex unless they have been sexually abused. And no sane person could think that simply discussing sex is the same as being mature enough to have it. The kid hasn't even hit puberty. The biology to allow sex hasn't even been turned on yet. This guy isn't a jerk, or mean person, or anything like that. He's sick. Very sick, and possibly dangerous. Edit: &gt; I haven't had any such relationships with any child, or anyone for that matter. And even if I did have a relationship with a child I would be happy if it was just platonic and I don't have a desire to introduce children to the concept of sex. However if they do initiate something with me I won't turn them down. Correction: he is absolutely dangerous. He can't accurately interpret the maturity and motivation of children, so he will likely read something innocent as an initiation. He also doesn't understand the role of adults with regard to children, and that it is a fundamental obligation of every adult to stop a child from doing something that would harm them. Even if they say they want it, you don't let kids hurt themselves. What. The. Fuck.
I'm on mobile so I can't link right now, but yes it's a clear win for utility solar. A recent article linked in one of the energy subs showed it as 50% more efficient, which makes sense. Economies of scale allow for higher grade everything, sun tracking, better location, etc. Not to mention consistent maintenance. Residential systems of any sort suffer from being so small as to leave a lot of efficiency on the table. And the really interesting projects are combined solar field and traditional gas turbine generator, so the traditional plant ramps up and down instantly in reaction to the sun hitting the attached field, but to the grid the whole thing looks like a traditional power plant and it can easily dispatch into existing markets.
The more I learn about politics and history, the more I realize that the 1980s permanently killed the sexual revolution. Sure, there was some minor buzz in the 90s, but it faded fast. I feel cheated, since I grew up in the post-Reagan years and women had to cover every square inch and sex was framed as a bad thing.
Luckily for you, almost everything about your credit besides overdue payments and debt collections are snap-shots and your prior history doesn't matter. Of course pay off old debt, especially in collections, but then: 1. Pay down credit cards - try to get the total balance below 30% of your total credit, but below 10-15% is better. 2. Consolidate any current loans if you can, since the number of open installment loans counts against you. For example, if you have like 6 open student loans, it's better to consolidate to one (so long as it's not going to raise your rate). 3. Close newer credit cards. Despite the rumors stating that closing cards hurts you, it actually is good for you if you do it right. It **can** hurt you if it increases your debt utilization ratio (see #1), but if you can close a card and stay below 15% total credit utilization, it won't hurt you at all. It will **help** you because the average age of accounts is measured as part of your score. You want your average age of accounts to be as high as possible. 4. Other than those, always pay on time. I hope that helps.
Amazing.
Depends on the volume, and you can make them compete to drive the cost down.
I've heard that before and totally forgot about it. Thanks for reminding me! Edited.
Dorm parent here. I have wealthy nice students and wealthy not nice students. Same for all incomes as well, so money has no relation to parenting. Anyway, the ones who are raised well help without prompting, no matter their background. They pick things up, clean, organize and take care of communal spaces, help set up events and distribute food. They don't have to be enthusiastic participants of every event, but when they show up they take a small amount of ownership and make sure that they are a net benefit to the group, however negligible, without even realizing they are doing it.
Man that sucks. Like, really really sucks and I want to buy that guy a beer and tell him it'll all be ok.
No problem! It was perfect timing since I've been looking into fixing up my car a bit too. I haven't put any work into it in a few months myself. Let me know if you find out anything interesting about the car, I'm always interested to learn more. :)
So it was the original r/TheoryOfReddit?
He's stuck in an endless cycle.
I know, it's so perfect.
One of mine is almost as old as me at 24 years. IMO, you never sell an old, working pickup truck. Too damn useful.
Ditto.
Track what you spend?
Agreed. I actually try to put maintenance money into my car every month, without waiting until it needs it. Some people think it's a ripoff, but I take my cars to the dealership for its 10 and 20k mile services. They check over everything and give a list of things that need to be addressed. I can then replace those ahead of time on my own schedule and decide what is worth doing myself or hiring out. It has the added benefit that my confidence in the car is renewed each time, which is one of the reasons new cars feel so good. If you can keep your trust in your old car, it never feels old or like it could let your down.
Yeah, that's a big part of it. I described this elsewhere, but I take my car into the dealership at regular service intervals. Yes it's expensive, but it also identifies problems ahead of time and allows me to plan maintenance spend instead of react to it. If it delays buying a new car, it's worth it to me. And it keeps my current car nice, so I don't feel like I'm driving a beater.
Be careful though, the more I learn about our justice system, the more I realize I don't fully understand it and that media accounts are nearly always biased to one side and greatly inflate the significance of certain aspects while ignoring others. I don't doubt he did it and the punishment seems light, but I certainly know less about any of this than the cops, lawyers and judge. In the end the kids' life is ruined -forever- which is on par with what I think is a justified punishment for rape.
He's not going to be a registered sex offender?
Hi, I'm a dorm parent and I deal directly with victims of sexual assault. I am a title IX mandatory reporter. I received several reports this year, on top of the fact that someone close to me was also raped as an undergrad. You don't need to lecture me about the significance of rape. Just because you take this seriously does not mean you are the only person who does, and it does not make you a legal expert on the issue, either.
I was the president of my undergrad fraternity chapter and have zero sympathy for frat Bros who wind up in trouble for any reason. In fact, I'm more disappointed in them than most people who make mistakes because they, in theory, have a larger support system than most students and should have an easier time not fucking up. But I've seen some incredibly disrespectful things done to Fraternities without provocation simply for being Fraternities, and the perpetrators didn't at all realize their own hypocrisy because we're talking about frat Bros here, they're not real people amirite?
You're right, Trumps Mexican judge should recuse himself. His background means he can't be impartial.
Found the person who doesn't understand networking.
I don't discount his crimes or the impact on his victim. This is awful, and there isn't a punishment in our legal system that matches the severity of what he has done. So I'm not saying that the punishment is correct, I'm saying that I don't fully understand our legal system and certainly not this case, but even if he got off light, I'm happy that he is banned from swimming for life, will be a registered sex offender for life, and will never be allowed to forget what he did. And hopefully it dawns on him how damaging his actions were and he'll have to live with that guilt as well. But they caught him, tried him, and punished him, which is far better than the vast majority of rapists who will never be named by their victims. So I can live with this, as imperfect as it is.
I loved every picture. This was so great to see how well they fit into those scenes. And then Seth Rogan. I died.
We waited silently for the result, but I wasn't just quiet; I was sweating and shaking, nearly dying with the anticipation. Finally, the green text printed across the screen, just two sentences. I couldn't hide my puzzlement because I didn't expect this answer. It was supposed to be yes or no, right? It sounded simple when they explained it to me. "Well, what's the result?" The proctor asked, breaking the silence. In the room were the proctor, four guards, two high ranking military officers and their orderlies. One word came to mind, but I kept it to myself: 'How?' Unsure what to say, I looked back to the green printout on the monitor, with the cursor blinking at the end. "Congratulations, you have passed the test. Please kill them."
They dont realize that different grocery stores may be organized differently and so believe that their local chain is the global standard.
This is fascinating to read. I asked a bit ago about returning to a repairable model for sustainability reasons, and here you are saying most systems are fundamentally the same. This means that any repair support wouldn't be restricted to a small number of models but would be potentially useful for a large chunk of existing products in the field. This makes it even more plausible to return to a repair first model. Or am I smoking smoking something special and not realizing it?
OMG, did you use the the cheap 3 wire kit or did you go for the Cadillac 4 wire? Good times.
I don't understand this trend at all. It's just as profitable to make a repairable phone that sells at retail for twice as much. A consumer would buy it if it's understood that it will still be fast, reliable, repairable and upgradeable in 5 years time, and that new OS's will be backward compatible and optimized for the device. The margins on the device would be the same (except twice the revenus), plus they get to sell repair manuals, parts, kits, certifications, classes, franchise agreements, you name it. The product lines suddenly become diversified and you can continue to derive value out of older slams dunk products so you're less exposed if your latest model isn't a success. I don't understand why this isn't a thing! Sorry for spamming your inbox with my rants. This is just a very interesting AMA. Thanks again.
True. The male gender has basically cock blocked itself.
But conversely, undisciplined children without boundaries are just small assholes that no one can stand.
Hey, glad to hear it! I always feel good putting some money into my car and it restores some of the love I have for it. I'm glad the ignition switch worked for you. I hope the clearing the drains is reasonable and solves the problem. But all the moon roof parts can be purchased through the ford.com parts website I linked. You can get new seals and even an all-new moonroof assembly if you really want to. At the very least, you can compare it to any dealership quote and figure out what their up charge is. Best of luck!
Wow, that guy is a moron.
Wow, that guy is a moron.
That sub is literally the Judge Judy of the Internet and most readers just want to see what wacky shit people get wrapped up into. Pretending it's anything else will of course lead to unrest, since 99% of people are just let lurkers looking for interesting stories.
This is amazing
Admins don't have to do anything for communities like that to eat themselves alive.
Can you eli5 why SRD is thrown in with SRS? Also, what the hell is SRS?
That makes sense. T_D has provided a lot of content recently, so it's easy to how that would be attractive to those who simply want to grind a political axe, which would pull in a lot of outsiders who share a political belief and then unbalance the sub. That sounds hard to combat. How do you do it?
Hi Admins, thanks for doing the thankless job of keeping this place running. I'm sure you're not acknowledged enough for the headaches you put up with. I fully support any modifications that remove loopholes and exploits and I'm confident you are using your best judgement to decide what is right for this community. Keep up the good work.
Let's back up a bit. Reddit is free and easy and if used in a specific way your message gets out to millions of people. And you're assuming that marketing agencies are not using it? You have to at least entertain the liklihood that if companies aren't being paid to use Reddit, then the social media staffers themselves are using it. And probably Facebook, twitter, and whatever else is out there. I think claiming that it's a coincidence is fairly naive, TBH.
&gt; you are only fueling the fire of those who believe ADHD is an excuse. Really? I don't see many outsiders in this sub who argue about whether it exists. But I do see a lot of people who feel better when they read about other's sharing their frustrations.
I'm not usually into flashy paint, but that looks awesome.
Thank you for that excellent write up! I appreciate the time you put into it. I did some research as well, and even though I didn't find the same thing you linked, I found anecdotes about the similar effect of Strattera, so I went to a psychiatrist and he gave me a starter pack. Turns out I'm dangerously allergic to Strattera though, and on day four I came down with severe flu-like symptoms. I had muscle aches, uncontrollable shivering on par with severe parkinsons, and I simply could not get warm. I went to bed in pajamas, my full length robe, 4 quilts and a winter hat, and I was still cold. I actually enjoy describing it because it was a wild ride. So anyway, the next day I called my doc and switched to Focalin. It's working better, actually, because despite Sudafed being AMAZING, strattera didn't have the same effect and just made me grumpy. So far, Focalin has worked decently well, and I'm more used to the way stimulants work. I'm not done, and plan to spend the summer getting the dosage correct. I'm excited that it's already having a positive impact. :)
His supporters are new to politics and don't know the history of any movement, party or candidate. But since they've been studying their God for literally *months* now, they feel confident that they know more about everything than anyone else.
The West Wing pulled this as well. The political consultant was a major character in the first season and disappeared between seasons 1 and 2 without any mention of her again. Thank god, too. She was a terrible actress and her character brought the whole show down.
Of course! Good luck with your eval. I was originally diagnosed as a kid, so I have a long history of evidence and diagnoses to use when I meet a new doctor. I assume it's much harder to accurately diagnose for the first time as an adult. Remember that ADHD people tend to massively underreport the severity of their own symptoms, so it may be helpful for you to ask a close, trusted friend if you exhibit typical ADHD symptoms and tendencies before your next talk with a doctor. An outside perspective will help you gage your own abilities and limitations far better and the strategy you develop with your doc will be more focused on your specific needs with less trial and error. I check in with my wife periodically to see where I am, and it really helps.
That sounds reasonable. I was a construction manager briefly and I can envision a rolling barracks behind the wall construction crew. It would probably be similar to working on the Dakota oil fracing fields, but moreso.
The pathway to legal immigration takes years and only really works for the rich and highly skilled. We're much more restrictive of immigration than we have been at other times in our history. It is nothing like Ellis island anymore. But the conditions that drive immigration still exist. Overseas or neighbor poverty and violence are pushing people here from South America, just like it did from Europe. The biggest difference is that we no longer welcome them. I'm not saying either is right or wrong, since it's up to us to decide how we treat our own borders. However we've been through this many times before and have had times in our history when we had an open door policy and when we heavily blocked immigration. It seems to be cyclical. My personal opinion is that more people are generally better, since our country is the economic powerhouse of the planet, and with traditional immigration patterns, families are higher-paid, more educated and essentially fully-integrated by the third generation, which means that as they move up in society they leave room for new immigrants to take their place in lower - paying jobs. With incredible competition from China and a declining birthrate among affluent Americans, immigration is essential to keeping our economic power. Population growth is also related to global influence, and the declining birthrate in Europe is partly to blame for their declining influence in the world. So regardless of whether a wall works, I think we should loosen our immigration rules, by a lot.
Hey there, your last point is backwards. It's not lessening influence that reduces birth rate, it's that negative population growth reduces influence. Europe is losing influence *partly* because their population is no longer growing. That aside, I'll address the rest. 1. I'm not ruled by my feelings on this one, but on my understanding of our history with immigration. My country has opened its doors before and we still exist. We had two islands devoted to processing overseas immigrants from Europe and Asia because the influx has been so high at certain points. The only difference is where people came from, not the causes. I'm in the US because a potato famine starved my ancestors into a ship destined for the new world. Drug violence and lack of work is doing the same to Latin Americans. But claiming that all of the US turning into Detroit because of immigration is about the most uninformed thing I've ever heard. Detroit happened for specific reasons that were completely unrelated to anything remotely close to immigration. I don't know why you said that, other than to sound scary, which didn't work. And no, it will not collapse my country. You said you're not from the US, and it looks like you don't understand how immigration works here, either. My city, Chicago, has the largest number of Polish people outside Warsaw, and it also has an extremely large German community, and it celebrates the large influence that the Irish had on its police force and politics. Here's a short list of ethnic neighborhoods that exist here (and not all of them, I don't know most): * Little Italy * Greek Town * China Town * Ukrainian Village Other areas of the city don't have specific names but have a traditional heritage: * Devon Avenue is mostly Indian. Ironically, we have a type of grocery store called an Indo-Pak grocery that specializes in Indian and Pakistani food. Those countries hate each other, but get along just fine here. * Polish Delis. We're one of the only places in the US that celebrates Casimir Pulaski day, for a celebrated Polish soldier who fought in our Revolutionary war. * Pilsen is a traditional Latino community on our south side. Last year it was featured in the New York times as one of the hottest neighborhoods to visit. It has since become a tourist and hipster destination. * We have entire Korean malls where it's hard to find employees that speak English, but the food is great. And that's just a small number. Each of those places celebrates a particular heritage, but all races live in them. The traditional immigrant pattern (and we've had many, many, many, immigrants in our history) is that they come here and clump together into tight-knit communities that mostly speak their home language. The second and third generations become slowly integrated and move away from the neighborhood to pursue their dreams. The old neighborhood then slowly welcomes everyone else while still celebrating why it is there in the first place. This is America. We welcome immigrants, and they integrate into our culture. Of course we change. Every group of people changes us, but Latinos have already been here for a long time. We happily eat Mexican food and salsa dance. They are already part of us. Claiming our country will disappear because of them is sheer stupidity. And it makes economic sense. Latinos are filling jobs that most current residents do not want. And they are making up for the declining birthrate among current residents. Our population is only growing because of them. So whatever your experience is with immigration in your country, it doesn't apply to the US.
Hi! I'm an engineer efficiency engineer but I've spent the last 1.5 years in a procurement role. I feel your pain. First - don't buy individual components in an attempt to build your own system. There are plenty of packaged solutions that exist, you just need to find them. 130F is considered low temperature and should be easy to produce using a variety of methods. The other consideration is how much water is needed. If it's a decent flow, then you'll need to look into a commercial-grade system. A domestic hot water heater is great in a lot of ways, but it has a small flame that can't deal with a lot of usage. It's meant to pull in cold water and heat it up overnight for morning use in a home, and it won't be enough for even a modestly sized car shop unless you're only doing a couple of bumpers a day. You need commercial or industrial hot water heaters similar to this: http://www.hubbellheaters.com/model/gx/#specs But I'm not sure that's the right one for your needs. For one, it has a minimum flow requirement which your customer may not be able to sustain, and it is only rated for 4.6 gallons per minute with a 100 degree temperature rise. Is that enough? WHO KNOWS? Do you or your customer know exactly what is needed? Not just the temperature, but also the flow rate, pressure needed, how to apply the water, and how to design a system to produce what is needed? You said you don't, and in my experience the customer is an expert in their process, not in designing the support equipment that is used in their process. So here's how I would do this the easy way: 1. Do a vendor search for companies that have products similar to Hubbell 2. Find their local dealers and representatives and try to figure out if they rep multiple product lines. 3. Figure out which of them have sales staffs willing to do a site visit to design a system and quote an installation. 4. Get some quotes for your customer to review, requote if necessary to refine the scope, then negotiate (or don't, it's up to you). 5. Pick the winner, costumer oversees installation. Here's how I would do this with a little more effort (if it was a high-value project, mission critical or a large-scale operation): 1. Find multiple design-build engineering firms with hot water system experience. 2. Quote their services for all of these turn-key project, just design, just design and installation. This is to understand their cost structure and equipment markup (see next). 3. Ask the design-build firm if they are willing to allow you to purchase the equipment directly and have them install it, according to their design. 4. Ask them for the top manufactures of this equipment. 5. Select design-build firm of your choice, with customer approval. 6. Solicit equipment pricing from the top manufacturers. &lt;- should be done alongside design-build firm review as much as possible to save time. 7. Review quotes with your design-build firm as they are now your technical experts and no longer have a financial incentive to push you toward any particular equipment vendor. Ask specifics about why certain equipment/quotes are better than others. 8. Add together the equipment quote that you received to the design and install quote from the design firm. Is that total more or less than their turn-key quote? 9. If more, go turn-key route. If less, buy equipment and supply to design firm for installation. Of course, do your purchasing thing and negotiate down the prices at each step. You have now made sure to purchase and install the proper system and the responsibility for getting it correct is on someone who knows what they are doing, not you or your customer. Plus, you have installed the correct system while driving down the cost through competition and negotiation so you have provided plenty of benefit to your customer to justify your involvement. I'm new to sourcing, so forgive me if I just gave you sourcing 101 without you needing it, but it's best to assume the lowest level of knowledge for people who ask stuff on Reddit.
I attended a review meeting for a book on how to manage design-build firms because this is a problem in project management engineering as well. Essentially, as companies seek lower-costs on large-scale projects, there is a growing trend to hire a design-build company instead of a separate design firm and installation firm. This has had the effect of reducing or altogether eliminating formal design documentation because the design-build firm handles everything internally, and they have a financial interest to do it as quickly as possible and to cut corners to reduce their own costs. Naturally documentation at every stage is the first thing to go. Here's the book: http://www.usgbc.org/education/sessions/2016-ashrae-winter-conference/dont-call-it-comeback-new-and-improved-design-build Though you can buy it through ASHRAE as well. It has a lot of similar chapters to your guide, and you may find it useful to gauge if you've covered everything (or covered more!). It's in its second publication after a 10-year revision that also surveyed industry experts. After managing a few design-build projects, as well as a few design-firm-build-firm projects, and also trying to understand the intended function of equipment 10 years after it was installed by a design-build firm with a lack of documentation, I can tell you that it's a serious problem for all types of projects. Good on you for studying it.
I did design work as a manufacturing engineer, though it wasn't anything fancy. I hand-drafted some schematics for parts racks to be prototyped and built by our fab vendor. But that was a small part of my job and I mostly solved production problems. However, I wasn't designing new products, just support equipment for the plant floor. I have an ME degree though, so I had some CAD experience under my belt.
Where? i can't find it.
Yup.
I'm an energy engineer and did a shit load of thermodynamics in college and the real world. So watching this argument is extra delightful. :D
It doesn't exist as far as I know. Physicists and engineers study the exact same principles, but one studies their application while the other studies their theory, and most of them can walk in the other's world fairly comfortably.
Its Banner ad costs vs. staffer or volunteer costs.
You just proved my point.
I don't mean they can do each other's work, I mean they understand each other's work.
Don't forget, cis and GayLubeOil are power users in TheRedPill. Most of The_Donald's culture comes directly from that subreddit.
I've been watching them in TRP for a few years now (every few months I argue in PPD against their shitty beliefs), and them making money makes all kinds of sense. They say the most outlandish shit.
I would confront someone wearing that shirt and ask them to justify wearing it.
Had no idea, thanks!!
He did, and even more so after his comments about Orlando. The problem is that he is supported by a bunch of crazies who never participated in politics before, and the conservatives don't know how to put the lid back on the jar. The average Trump supporter is someone who has paid zero attention to politics, voted on dog-whistle issues their entire lives, and only now care about the campaign process because they feel like the great orange beacon 'gets' them. That's why arguing with a Trump supporter is so weird. They've only been paying attention to politics for 6 months and have no idea what they are talking about. What Trump says on air is literally 100% of their knowledge on any given political subject.
I thought it was because he couldn't hold a rifle.
I stopped talking to everyone in my family for two years after far less shot was pulled on me at my step sisters wedding. They're nice now. I recommend.
Good advice thanks. I might try that with a spare HDD and see how it goes.
That's sounds familiar but I can't say for certain. I remember I downloaded a directx upgrade tool to try to fix it after reading on some forums but that didn't work either. What you described sounds like the same thing. I'll try a clean install and see what happens.
That's what they call themselves and their 'domreddit,' because subcategories and subscribers are clearly cucks. Fucking stupid if you ask me.
If I'm just a fleeting cast member in your dying dream I'm going to be soooooo pissed at you.
Anesthesia works way too well on me. A 30 minute eye surgery once put me under for 4 hours. I guess it brings out my inner ginger, being Irish and all. But I felt the same way when I woke up; that I wouldn't have known if I had died. No time passed and there was no sensation of anything, it was just a void and waking up was the strangest thing. But I didn't actually die, so there's that.
It's ridiculous to think that Reddit isn't being used like any other social media. I chalk up the resistance to accepting this as people wanting to think Reddit is somehow special and a 'pure' platform for people to be heard. I know the admins attempt to do just that, but their recent r/all changes imply that it's an ongoing battle, not something they have solved for good.
Are you building the last Interceptor? Looks awesome, man.
Holy cow, that sucks. My experience was way more tame: I was groggy, but that's about it. Anesthesia ' s a helluva drug.
My wife used it when she worked in communications for a University. *Everyone* uses directed social media. It's surprising how many people don't want to accept this.
Good points. I just take everyone at what they say, not why they say it. Motivation doesn't matter if they're speaking the truth, and everyone should be called on it if they are lying. So just treat them like anyone else.
CHRISTMAS CAME EARLY
Don't worry happens to a lot of guys
Something about not sending their best and hypocrisy yadda yadda. It's so confusing to keep track of the condradictions anymore.
Use a ratcheting tie-down next time. Soruce: my brother and all his shit cars.
That's terribly pessimistic. I think the three of them would have wildly different presidencies, especially with how they relate to Congress, but their legislative agendas would be entirely different. Hillary will be largely a continuation of Obama, Sanders will make a left turn, and I have no idea what Trump would do. Saying you dislike all three doesn't mean they are all the same. But if you want to sit out this election, that's your prerogative.
I came to a crappy realization a few years ago: politicians suck. If you think about politics in general, it's a bunch of people who have no practical skills. Sure, they may have been lawyers or something at some point, but they then chose a career that values only these things: * Being electable * Making deals * Outmaneuvering competition * Winning They are not experts in anything. Other people write the laws they sponsor, and they rely on lobbyists to tell them what is happening in the real world outside Washington. Their profession doesn't invent new technologies, generate new ideas, or do all that much to advance human kind. At best, they implement good technologies and ideas that will benefit society through legislation, and at worst, they do the same thing with bad technology and bad ideas. But ultimately, those things are created by other people: academics, inventors, think tanks, etc. But because politicians create laws, they always write themselves into the process of controlling society, so we're stuck with them. And creating laws is a powerful position that lots of people want influence over, so politicians are the gatekeepers to succeeding in society. The fastest way to succeed or fail as a business is to have a politician support or kill your product. So we rely on our gatekeepers to control our society, but by their very definition they are not knowledgable about what they are legislating and their skillset only includes the things they need to stab each other in the back. So knowing that, you realize that you'll never get a perfect, ethical, decent human being as a politician. They put on a good show, but in reality, they're all basically death eaters in makeup (I know a few politicians personally, and they make me uncomfortable when I'm around them - so sleazy). In order to get your technology and ideas promoted and possibly enacted into law, you need to find the death eater that represents your views and put vote them into office. If you're lucky, that person will represent your ideas and also be a bigger sleazeball than the competition, so your ideas have a shot at winning. That's why I support Hillary.
He has no idea what he's talking about and the more he says, the more obvious that becomes.
How do you know this?
Yeah, good advice. I also follow further back than if they were in a car, even in traffic, and I move to the side of my lane if they're lane splitting. My nightmare is hitting a biker or having them hit me.
Whoa, he's a gamer gating terper? No wonder The_Donald speaks so highly of him.
What did you have for Brexit?
Yeah, all those wars were the tits.
What the fuck? That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard someone do.
The biggest criticism Boomers have of Millennials is that we live the way they raised us. If they didn't want us to be the most inclusive and open minded generation, they shouldn't have told us those were good things.
John looked up, terrified. The number jumped. It jumped! It wasn't a small jump either, this was simply insane to imagine. He had been preparing for his single murder since the number appeared, but now he was panicking. Elsewhere, the rules committee was packing up their papers and standing for adjournment. It had been a long meeting, and some members stretched their backs, glad it was over. "It was a tough decision, but ultimately the right one." Mike said, extending a hand to his colleage, Jackson. "I hope so," he replied. "I still have my doubts, but maybe including all future ancestors in the number will prove out in the end."
&gt; idgi are you saying it's better to have less experience than more? No, it's better to have good judgement, which hasn't been exercised at our national level since around 1980, save for some isolated decisions. In general though, the theme has been to increase profits and remove regulation no matter the cost to society. &gt; Like lol is "ageism" supposed to be bad? In this context yes, since you're shitting on young people just for being young. How about you turn in your drivers license before you kill someone? Or at least retire from the workforce since people half your age are twice as productive because they actually know how to use technology. Do either of those sound like fair beliefs just because of age?
That a revisionist reading of your own words. You said the opinions of young people aren't worth much. &gt; your opinions about the world aren't going to be worth that much. How is that not offensive?
Then defend the fact that the 'experienced' in England were just duped by their politicians, who are now walking back on every promise they made about Brexit. I don't see how you can uphold experience as overriding all other attributes while watching the absolute disarray caused by the 'experienced' voters who were completely fooled and now regret their votes. If experience is all someone has, I'll kindly ignore them. I'd rather have an experienced smart person over an inexperienced smart person, but I'll take smarts over age any day. It's offensive because you're refusing my arguments against experience on the grounds that I don't have enough experience. Your circular logic has made you Impermiable to outside opinion. You don't know my age or status in life. You're writing as if I'm in high school and know nothing of the world. You're convinced that you know better because you're older, but you don't seem to know how old or experienced I am. Your arrogance is what I find so disagreeable. You don't care at all about what I have to say, and it's based on assumptions about who I am. When I'm older, you'll be older still, and ignore me still, as I'll never be as 'experienced' as you. Your certainty in this single viewpoint rivals the most naive teenagers I've met.
&gt; I'm just pointing out that regardless of what you were taught, if your experience in real life doesn't stretch back to before The Big Bang Theory was on TV, your opinions about the world aren't going to be worth that much. Which is particularly head-scratching in this context, where the youngest voters turned out to be correct, while the oldest voters contributed to a decision that has tanked the pound, downgraded the credit rating of the UK, and re-ignited movements for Scottish Independence and Irish reunification. And they had just two years ago tried their hardest to keep Scotland in the UK. I'm not pointing at 1,000 years of mistakes, I'm pointing directly at the generations that voted in this referendum, and how the experienced ones were duped by politicians and have so far tanked their country.
&gt; Yes they're not going to be much compared to people with more experience, all else being equal. You keep taking issue with this very simple truism. I take issue with your statement that experience is more important because we're not talking about all other things being equal - you've been trying to rewrite your earlier statement since you said them. I could give a shit about experience because I'm criticising a group of people that are less educated, less informed about the issue, and xenophobic, who happened to be old and swayed the referendum toward 'Leave.' You're the one that defended them on the grounds that their experience makes their opinions automatically worth more, or as you stated it - that the opinions of young people aren't worth much. Which is entirely ridiculous, and why I am arguing with you right now. I don't take issue with the truism, I take issue that you're using it to defend stupid people! &gt; Like in this specific example, do you think they didn't know it would be worse inn the short term? Everyone knew that. They didn't. The 'Leave' leaders were back peddling their biggest arguments within hours of the votes being cast. Every major news outlet has found Brexit supports who claim they feel lies to about the common market, immigration and the money for their Healthcare system. Their experience meant shit. &gt; Experience is important and having it always better than not. Sorry. Of course it is, but hats not the point, and you're trying defend a truism instead of your actual statements. I don't care about the intrinsic value of experience, I'm staying these people fucked up and that they have more or less experience is meaningless.
I haven't cheered that hard for a protagonist in years.
Are you sure your interior light switch is off? It may be turned to on while the other bulbs are simply burned out.
I remember when there were posts celebrating the Knights of New. I tried to be one for about 5 minutes, but it's awful down there. They're doing us all a favor.
Nah, that's the most recent change but not why this happened. A year or so ago they changed the max karma count allowed on posts. The old filter used to cap posts at around 4000 and pushed them out of the hot que pretty quickly. The new one allows much higher karma counts and apparently allows posts to stick around far longer. I find it boring. The front page would refresh several times per day and always have new discussions, but now whatever is up at noon stays until the next day.
From the looks of it, the fuel tank was pushed out of the cap and the seal broke, dumping fuel down by the hot exhaust. Maybe the vapor pressure in the tank was more than the guy expected? I could see that if the tank was hotter than usual.
Ah, then definitely check the switch.
I have, but it's just links to posts and lacks the in depth commentary that the KiA post included. Plus there's a ton more info than just that post. TRP has been around for ages and I remember some of their old culture and want to comment on how it has tried to be more palettable over the years.
Anytime.
You're currently working a job most people would hate and hope to quit as soon as they could. It looks like FI doesn't just change your options, it changes you as a person.
Hey there, I'm working on my storytelling as well. Introduce a story with either the punchline or the point and see if people want more explanation. If you've captured their interest, they will ask questions. It's something I'm working on too, since I frequently start at the beginning and include every relevent detail, which bores people. But one of my best stories ends up like this, "We arrived at the mechanic with the hood of the car folded in half and stuffed in the trunk." A bit interesting, huh? My brother is a gifted, natural storyteller, so I've watched him closely. He sometimes starts with the climax of the story too, but by declaring it as a relevent experience to something currently being discussed. For my story, it would be, "Yeah, I had some beater cars in my day. I almost crashed when the hood of my girlfriends' car flew up against the windshield on the highway." Peril from a rare, catostrophic event! Tell us more! Any listener will be dying until you return to that climax, just to hear what happened. They'll be entranced. And they don't need the details in order, either. The first question will be how that happened, and if it becomes a Q&amp;A then you also have audience participation that will make it easier on you as a storyteller. Give it some practice, good luck!
It's definitely an in - demand field that will affect every major industry over the next 50 years. But the only person I know in that field has a BSCE and MS in materials and works in a lab. It's a research-heavy field, so MS degrees will be more useful, unless you get into some good internships as an undergrad. To get those, do well in the class of a professor in that field and try to get invited to work in his lab. Also apply for related internships at national labs. I'm not sure if you'll find undergrad internships in materials in the private sector. That being said, you may not like the field. If you want hands on or outdoors work, be a manufacturing engineer or construction project management engineer. You can get into those fields with an ME, IE or CE bachelors. It might be easier for you to list what you want as well as what you don't want.
I hear you, OP. What pisses me off are the interest rate quotes on refinancing. They all want 6% when federal rates are at 0.25. Yeah, call it unsecured debt but my credit rating is 770 and I have a cost of living that requires less than a third of my income. Fixed rates as low as 3% my ass. If I don't qualify for those then who the hell does? It's not just that we took out loans, it feels like we're punished for doing so and they refuse to give us a chance at the same opportunities they had.
Yeah... I overpay at the dealership for 20K mile services. Why? Because I want to keep the car well beyond 10 years and the service is still less than 2 months of new car payments.
I read the article, so I at least know what it's talking about.... But I'm having a hard time picturing practical applications for this. Part of it is units: &gt; ...they were able to generate 3.5 Watts per square meter of membrane with a 40°C temperature difference. I'm not sure what volume of water was needed to create that power, so even though I can picture the membrane size, I can't picture the size of the heat source (I could probably back into it with the carnot efficiencies quoted, but still). But more importantly, what are you going to power with that electricity? Most energy recovery is inhibited because of the cost to recover it vs. the energy cost saved. We can already recover medium-temperature energy into colder fluids, and do so in industrial food processing plants, for instance. But the reason we don't install two pump loops and heat exchanger between a 150 degF wastewater and the incoming plant water is that it would take 25 years to pay for the cost of the equipment after you subtract pump running costs and maintenance. There's no benefit. How will the economics be improved by generating electricity instead of warm water? Where will that electricity be used? In order to offset the electricity usage of something that already exists, you'll need to install rectifying (I'm not an EE, sorry) equipment to sync the generated electricity with the power grid or local DC microgrid (DC is a little easier). And if it doesn't produce more energy than is consumed by the pumps required to return the liquid from the high pressure chamber to low, then there's no point to install it. Though you'd really only need a throttling valve and the pressure should take care of the rest... It might be useful in specific circumstances like replacing the alternator in a car. The overall gas mileage would go up substantially because you would simultaneously ditch the HP-sucking alternator and reduce the amount of heat sent to atmosphere through the radiator, and the high temperature differences involved would make it very effective. Plus you already have a water pump in the engine. But it would have to be a small package, which would drive the price up vs. the volume of potential cars, which would drive the price down, so predicting if it is economical for cars is a bit difficult. Ugh, my thinking out loud hasn't helped me form an opinion on this thing. It's neat, but we'll have to see if it finds an economical application.
Great article, and I'm glad they had a robust discussion at the end! I think this is an example of a prominent green/renewable energy proponent not understanding the electricity grid, which is surprisingly common. The author gets it though; there are two types of generation: base generation and peak generation. Nuclear is base generation, and renewable is most analogous to peak generation. You simply can't replace one with the other. Renewables may one day indeed become base load generation, but that will require battery technology that we don't yet have. So until then, it's simply not a true statement to say that renewables with unpredictable outputs can replace a power plant that runs at a constant output at all times.
&gt; Difficult to gauge Agreed. The vote was at least easy to time. You could have bet for or against it and seen the results immediately. But do you know when good or bad news about the Brexit will arrive going forward? That's why I say that gold has reacted to Brexit already, because the predictable portion is over with.
Oh, totally, I almost forgot about that. My '08 was called in a couple of times in 2014, just after I bought it and before I was on any official recall mailing list, and they were critical recalls for the steering system. Yikes.
I think tire quality would plummet though. I don't think there's enough money in the F1 pot to support multiple R&amp;D departments across multiple manufacturers. Maybe that shows my ignorance of how applicable F1 tire research is to other road and racing tires, but it doesn't seem like it would pan out to me.
People are incredibly easy to influence. Society would crumble into anarchy in no time if people weren't influenced not to be total garbage to each other. So yes, but not to fuck them, to keep us all alive and well.
This is exactly why we have CAFE standards. But as a side note, I think there needs to be a few more cars that are truly efficient but allow people to eat their cake too. I went camping with my '08 hybrid escape over the weekend and we stuffed that SUV with gear up the to roof, carried two of us and our dog, and had a 17-foot canoe on the roof, and cruised along at 30MPG. I consider that having it all. But it has limitations and can't tow more than 1,000 lbs. Anyone who wants to tow a boat, jet ski, or even a small camper simply can't do it with my vehicle, and if I had kids I would have to get a larger vehicle in order to do the same thing. People don't like gas guzzlers, they like big, roomy vehicles that can carry a ton of crap. And even if they don't routinely carry a ton of crap, our American ethos cherishes the idea of being prepared for anything, myself included. A Prius compromises on too much, and a Volt can't comfortably carry a family. I think the market could support a full-sized Hybrid SUV with a competitive tow-rating that was only modestly priced above the traditional competition. And most importantly, it can't look like an art-students first abstract assignment. I like my Escape because it looks like an actual SUV. But I'm not sure anyone can build that right now without creating a much more expensive vehicle.
You basically asked, "what kind of engineer should I be?" because automotive has them all. You can be whatever you want to be, but there are easier jobs to get into that others. Can you list what you want out of a job first? That will help us guide you in the right direction. If you don't know yet, that's totally fine, you could try listing what you absolutely do not want, or you could ask for a general overview of the different types of engineering roles involved. There are some general categories. For instance: * design engineers - work in an office at a desk most of the day * manufacturing engineers - work mostly on the plant floor with hands-on troubleshooting * research engineers - work in a lab doing any number of potentially mindblowing or mind-numbing things depending on the role. Or you can answer this: what kind of nerd are you? * programming/photoshop/creates Star Trek ships in Minecraft kind of nerd? * tinkers with RC cars and drones or modified your own bike kind of nerd? * auidophile/soundsystem/pcmasterrace kind of nerd? * fake volcano/silver plating/tried to glue glass to aluminum kind of nerd? Edit: forgot one! * fans/heaters/took apart minifriges to cool your PC kind of nerd?
Yeah, that sounds great. I'm disappointed that Ford gave up on some of the hybrid line up to focus on the ecoboost technology. I can get a turbocharger anywhere, but I can't replace my Escape in kind. :( That being said, I think the Subaru Crosstalk has a 4WD hybrid model, so that might be my replacement car.
Good question but I don't know. I bought it used so I couldn't get a tax credit for it either.
Tough spot. There aren't a lot of design and hands on jobs out there. Manufacturing engineering gives you a tons of hands on problem solving, but you won't influence the actual product design, just how they are made. If you start out in a strict design role you can grow into a prototyping R&amp;D role. A good way to start is to check out job postings on glassdoor or another job site and find some job descriptions that you really like, then look at the required experience. Then look for entry level jobs that will give you that experience.
Thebluepill harps on something enough that TRP deletes it from the Irish sidebar. Terms like 'last minute resistance' are reinvented every so often while 'negging' was completely dropped from the 'TRP 101' guide. Those were the most obvious evidence used to point out how abusive TRP is, so they quietly went away. Notice that TRP has been around for years yet TRP 101 dates back to 2015. I remember the previous version, but sadly didn't download it. I have a copy of the current one though. Their self-identified has changed, too. They used to stubbornly argue that women are scientifically proven to be inferior to men and cited things that they called 'biotruths' based on evolutionary psychology. Ridiculing that argument was like shooting fish in a barrel and they were roasted in PPD, so again, those arguments have faded away. They have new justifications for why they are correct, but the argument has become more subtle and no long easily falsified. Essentially, they are learning and adapting their message, and their rhetoric is being refined as criticism mounts. It's softened TRP to a small degree, and I think it's an accomplishment that 'negging' is no longer an officially defined tactic. But it also means TRP is getting harder and harder to kill.
Ty
All good points, thanks. I was thinking about it incorrectly and yeah, a turbine in between makes sense. The article mentioned pumps which I found confusing. &gt; Am I missing something obvious? Is the heat exchanger stupidly expensive? No, I think this is central question. How expensive it is will be what makes or breaks it. I like that it has few moving parts and might work in any orientation or in dynamic conditions, which would make it suited for a mobile platform, though adding it to existing power plants makes a lot of sense as well. I just don't see how it's better suited than existing technologies for that, unless it ends up being cheaper. Thanks for the good post.
I wouldn't have considered that until I read your post. So much regret.
Car audio. I love my car but it's major deficit is an out of date stereo. If I upgrade it and the speakers I'll keep it for another 5 years.
I don't understand what you mean by that.
See? I knew someone wanted one! :D But yeah, could you imagine launching a boat with an electric motor? Or starting from a stop at a red light with a camper on the back? The instant torque would quickly win over any doubters as everything about towing becomes easier. The only hurdle is an economical motor that can handle it.
Exactly my goal. I enjoy working and am excited for my future career path. But I don't want to owe anything to anyone and want the freedom of knowing I am entirely self-supported. I kinda have that right now, as my wife and I are dorm parents and we get free room and board year-round. It's nice knowing that if I'm fired in 5 minutes I don't have to worry about paying rent. I'll just be a better dorm parent until I find a new place to work. But I want to own a home eventually, so I'm working at my career as if I did need it.
&gt; Roughly zero of which have an option for a manual gearbox, which make them non-options for some of us. I understand. I'm looking at a used Miata as my fun car for this reason.
Movies and TV shows are easier to watch than ever before. All you need is netflix, hulu, HBO Go, and Amazon prime and you can get almost anything. To get into it as ahobby, browse r/movies or r/television, read movie and TV show reviews, and pay attention to who writes, directs and stars in things. You'll quickly find that you're watching stuff none of your friends have heard of. I'm not into this, but my wife is in deep and I've picked it up as a result. Some good TV that we've watched: * The Americans * Deutschland 83 * Black Mirror * Crazy Ex Girlfriend * Stranger Things (everyone has seen this, but needs to be mentioned) * The Goodwife * Ballers * The Good Place * Making a Murderer * Netflix documentaries * ESPN's 30 for 30 series The list goes on, and that's just recent stuff. You can get into older stuff like the West Wing, and then Sorkin's other dramas if you like the style. Plus The West Wing has a podcast called the West Wing Weekly where an actor from the show, Joshua Melina, does a podcast for every episode. You'll also notice the differences in quality between seasons of the same show. Boardwalk Empire was the king of this, with massive quality differences between seasons 1, 2, and 3. It was a roller coaster. Or how Doctor Who got insanely good when Moffat took over as head writer, making Amy Pond one of the best companions in the series. Plus, all the really good monsters from before he was head writer were all created by him anyway. So it's a deep, but cheap rabbit hole, and a really fun one that is also relatable. You'll become the go-to guy when someone wants a recommendation.
Those wheels take me right back to my childhood.
You mean so ugly that air avoids it, right?
Netflix and HBO. We watch a lot of TV. Netflix was recently quoted, "We're trying to become HBO before HBO becomes us."
I feel you. My wife and I changed our entire lives in order to save money. We got rid of a car, and took on a second job (that we do together) that pay for our rent, utilities and most of our food, but we're still saving incredibly slowly. We've changed everything, with my wife even knitting most Christmas gifts this year, so it's hard to come on here and see people so far ahead of me. It does make it harder. I'm glad you asked this though, reading the responses here have helped me as well. Thanks.
Hey there, great post. This is a little off topic, but I'm curious what you mean about the people with great potential but don't live up to it. What do they do that holds them back, and what are they *not* doing that would change your opinion of them into 'leapers." Thanks!
He only has a couple years left on the mortgage and lives there with his brother. It wasn't a very expensive house when they bought it, and it was purchased in the 90's, well before home prices went off the charts.
Oh for sure, I did the same thing. I'm not saying it's easy, just nearly impossible unless you're making 6 figures.
Thank you!
Cool, thank you!
Thanks! I've actually built my own speadsheet with payoff scenarios using factor formulas, but I wasn't sure how lenders would respond to the payment.
How the hell did you get 2.75 fixed?
I'm only 29, but have set my date at 65. The only factor at this point is my savings target and the fact that I have a low-impact office job that I could do well into my 70s if I chose, so it's not a huge deal to me. I like my career.
It depends, have you already paid into this meal plan? If it was covered as part of your tuition, then use it all. If not, look for alternatives. $7.05 is a decent price for a meal, all things considered, but there are plenty of cheaper options that aren't difficult. * fresh fruit * PBJ or ham sandwiches * frozen pizzas * pasta and red sauce * Mac and cheese * most frozen, pre-made foods. The dining hall is probably better food, but it's not the absolute cheapest.
Mint.com is an excellent tool. I started using it nearly 10 years ago now and it was helpful to see where my money was going. It's not perfect, and you may outgrow it eventually, but it's easy to use, links to all your accounts, and is perfect for starting out.
My wife and I give ourselves cash allowance every week. It keeps us from putting little charges on our cards, which makes budgeting and tracking spending far easier. Plus, it's our own money and we can spend it however we choose, and when we run out, we're out until the next allowance. We no longer overspend on small stuff without realizing it. I mostly use mine for coffee at the cafe in my office building.
Yay! This happened to me two years ago! My drunk-as-a-skunk neighbor managed to get up to 30mph in half a block and nailed BOTH of my cars in a tiny kia, managing to total one of them. Call your insurance and get the process rolling, but you'll need a copy of the police report. TBH, most of this is out of your hands and a bit of a waiting game, but you should still be calling frequently for updates to make sure things stay on track. This is especially true if your insurance has less than stellar customer service. Insurance will request the police report from the police and will act on the claim once they have it. You can speed up the process (by a few weeks) by requesting a copy of the report and giving it to your insurance company yourself. Call your agent/insurance claims line and open a claim, they will give you a claim number that you will reference for all future contact with insurance. Don't worry about your coworker, she's dealing with a world of shit and you don't need to do anything for it to rain down upon her. The cops and the insurance company will take their pound of flesh. The only time you'll need to get directly involved with her is if you sue her pesonally, which I'll address at the end. Do whatever your insurance says. If they want to send out an adjuster, schedule it, if they want to tow it to one of their shops, allow it. You can get a second opinion later, but they need to figure out the damage and car condition. If they tow it to a shop, visit the shop a few times per week. Feel free to offer up suggestions on how to total it, like, "did you take into account the aluminum wheels?" If the shop guys like you, they will bump up the value of the car and try to total it for you. etc. Shop guys are cool like that, even when it's an insurance-partner shop. See what the insurance company says your car is worth, and how much they will pay out. Never accept the first payout offer, and refuse them until you don't think you can get them any higher. They do not care how much you owe on the car, they will only go by the car value. Still, press them for more. If they offer enough to cover your loan, take it. The headache of pushing for more isn't worth it. Just pay off the car and move on. If they don't, and they refuse to pay more, then you need to consider suing your coworker for damages. For this part, you need to talk to a lawyer, and I can't give you much more advice since it'll depend on your local laws and the lawyer's advice. Good luck, and I'm sorry you lost your car to an idiot.
I'm not worked up, but I am hopeful someone contacts me about a class action since I subscribed to an equifax score and report for a couple of years. I had something similar with LinkedIn. They were sued over a feature I used once, and I received a check for it about 4 years later. Always a nice outcome.
THANK YOU. I get burned at the stake in this sub every time I mention that 401k's are inferior to traditional pensions. Everyone defends the 'control' they give you but completely ignore the added risk, predatory wealth advisors, lack of consumer investing savvy, and the fact you need to spend your own time learning and managing something that used to be done for you by someone else, with a guaranteed payout. I have a 401K and I like it, but I would prefer a pension.
If they had pensions, that problem wouldn't exist.
The number of personal wealth managers has dramatically increased, you that's a group that is better off from the change. I'm not saying that's a good thing, mind you.
But there's almost zero difference between a well run pension and a well run 401K. They exist in the same market, so what makes one of them successful will make the other successful. And those are projecting a reasonable return and paying enough into the plan. There are plenty of fully-funded pensions that are just fine. It's the ones that used the 1992 rule of deferring employer contributions that screwed themselves into insolvency. And those are the ones that made headlines.
We've gone from a saving society to a debt society. We even show off the amount of debt we get into. How many Mercedes do you think are paid off?
I once heard a salesman say, "I make more money off of my friends than strangers." Your trust translates into less scrutiny and more money spent, in general. If I were in your shoes, I'd ask my friend to give me a full run down on how they get paid from the deal, so I at least know where my money is going.
There's nothing magic about a 401K either, though. In fact, they're nearly identical except for who manages them. The problem is solved by either a well run 401K for everyone, or a well run pension for everyone. But with they way pensions work, the employees wouldn't have been able to underfunded their retirements. So yeah, a pension would have solved the problem.
If you have the ability to save more, then you can always open an investment account with Vanguard and make regular contributions to it. You don't need to use a traditional retirement vehicle to save for retirement. Vanguard also has a neat fund-picking tool that asks you some questions about what your goals are, what your risk appetite is, etc, and it recommends funds to purchase based on that. I'm in 95% index funds in my Vanguard accounts because I'm young and in a high-growth mood, but I based my fund selections off of the Vanguard tool and I'm very happy with it.
There are laws that prevent this sort of thing. A one-sentence, worst-case-scenario isn't a good counter argument.
Well that's a nightmare. From experience, an engine swap can cost $2,000 if you have a mechanic do it. That's still less than the cost of walking away from the car though. Has your friend had anyone look at it and give a repair estimate? If there's nothing else wrong with the car, it may be a better idea to fix it andthen pay it off over time.
Do you travel a lot for work? If so, then an AmEx or a card offered through your preferred airline may be good. Compare the travel perks offered.
From your article: &gt; Normally, when a multi-employer fund like Central States runs out of money, a government insurance fund called the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) kicks in so that retirees still receive some kind of benefit. From my other comment in this thread: &gt; But there's almost zero difference between a well run pension and a well run 401K. They exist in the same market, so what makes one of them successful will make the other successful. And those are projecting a reasonable return and paying enough into the plan. There are plenty of fully-funded pensions that are just fine. It's the ones that used the 1992 rule of deferring employer contributions that screwed themselves into insolvency. And those are the ones that made headlines. But, of course, one-sentence replies and downvotes are all I'm going to receive here. The wealth management industry has convinced people that pensions are a great evil and never work. [What's the expense ratio on an average 401K again?](http://www.fool.com/retirement/401k/2015/04/06/average-401k-fees.aspx)
Ugh. Yeah, that totally sucks. This isn't ideal, but when you buy a car at a dealership and trade in an underwater car, they typically add the difference in trade in value and loan balance to the loan on the new car. So you end up with a new(er) car with some of the old car's payments built into it. It's a terrible thing to do financially, but it is available as a last-ditch effort. Now, with that $1,000 of discretionary spending every month, your friend should be able to pay down a ballooned loan pretty quickly if he's disciplined about it.
Yeah, came here to say this too. In order for it to function as an emergency fund, it can't be too volatile. Consider if a recession is what lead to losing your job. That means your investments have lost value and you've lost your job. It should be invested in something more stable.
An index fund can return 5% over a long time frame, so it's better to put your money there and pay 2% on a mortgage. I would do that in your shoes.
It depends more on the interest rate than the term. You're basically playing an arbitrage between two markets, so you want the difference between the interest rate and the market return rate to be as wide as possible. So don't base it on term, base it on lowest interest rate.
&gt; he difficult thing seems to be that there's no perfect answer available to "how safe should I play it?", not without hindsight. And too much safety means worse returns. Take comfort knowing that there are almost no options safer than taking out a loan when you already have the cash to cover the full amount if needed. &gt; Without being dramatic, I have the feeling I'm taking the most life-defining financial decision I will ever take in my life: what I do here will define in large part how I make money for the rest of my life. GOOD FOR YOU! :)
I disagree, it is a bomber afterall.
What other debts do you have? In general, it's best to pay the ones with the highest interest rates first. So if your new car is middle of the pack for interest rates, paying off something higher will give you a larger benefit.
Thanks. Those are valid points, and worth discussing. I don't brush off the counter arguments, they just rarely come up. It is a societal issue and moral hazard, as you say, and the best way to prevent it is to enforce reasonable financial behavior through regulation. The 1992 law changes that allowed companies and governments to stop contributing to pension funds are not only stupid, but criminal, IMO. It is legalized fraud. So I get your argument about personal responsibility, and even with a pension I would seek to save enough to retire on by myself. But not everyone does that, and a pension system would still improve the situation for people who simply cannot save.
Your post has me imagining my retirement savings as a series of chickens that will hatch over time. What an odd image.
What's the interest rate? The stock market index funds return 6% on average over very long periods, so if your car note is less than 6%, investing the $9K in retirement will provide a higher financial benefit than paying off the car.
The US AG demanded that VW buy back all the affected cars at their pre-scandal value and cut an additional check to the owners. It's a pretty sweet deal if you ask me.
Not quite, the NC national guard tried to bomb the snow off the roads.
Slouching Lurker, Hidden Boner
I edited my statement to explicitly state index funds. That's what I think of when I talk about the stock market because I don't trade individual stocks.
OK, sure. I'm not sure any of that matters though, it's the $9,000 that OP is asking about and what I focused on.
That's true, but a brokerage account also allows you to take the money back out when you need it.
Good points.
A post here last year displayed index fund performance for a bunch of different time periods, from 20 years to 100 years, and almost all of them were in the 6% range, including the various 20th century crashes and dips. So while it's not a perfect indicator, I'm betting on it for my own retirement. But that's in 36 years, so that's a big factor in my strategy.
While we're all focused on this pointless series of events, the Trump transition team has reversed it's policy on 'the wall' and is putting the construction cost into the next Government spending bill to force Democrats to either approve the US paying for the wall or risk shutting down the government. But hey, tweets and shit.
29M - $82k/yr - Married Goals: * Put $10K toward wife's highest student loan ($21K balance) * Refinance wife's student loans that are currently above 6% * Save $32,525 by Aug 31 toward a house * Pay off credit card debt - ~ $2000 (should be done in March) * Possibly open an IRA for my wife
Vanguard has investment accounts that you can open with your own money and a fund selection tool that helps you pick what to invest in based on your goals and risk appetite. https://personal.vanguard.com/us/funds/tools/recommendation I think you should start with that, and then if you have further questions you can come back here and post them with the results of the Vanguard tool.
That's a great point, but there are tons of index funds. And isn't the S&amp;P known for its volatility and for 'burning' many investors? I think your argument would be better if you did the same analysis of a few more mainstream index funds.
But people invest in other indexes, so analysing only one of them and then saying it's relevant to everything is bad analysis. I'm disappointed that you're defending a flawed argument instead of strengthening what could be a very good one.
I'm interested in what you have to say, so I don't understand why you're attacking me for asking follow up questions. Honestly, I'd like to know more about your arguments. Why did you choose your time frame as starting in 2000? Have you compared it to other recent timeframes, or is are you basing your argument on the worst time frame out of many? Why won't you consider other indexes and markets? You said yourself there are international indexes and those won't necessarily be influenced by your argument that the US economy is maturing, so how do those compare? It's interesting that you're calling me uneducated, because I am an amateur. My degree is in engineering, so I'm currently in business school to learn more about business and finance to advance my career. But just this morning, my statistics professor discussed a case using the S&amp;P500 as an example and noted that the historic returns are close to 7%. So in the last few days, I have a business school professor with a career in financial analysis and projections saying one thing, and you, someone I don't know, saying another thing. I'm trying to understand more about your argument because it's interesting and counter to the accepted narrative. But you're responding to my questions with hostility, which makes me wonder why I should believe anything you're saying. Either this isn't your theory and you're just repeating it here, meaning you can't back it up with more data, or you're worried that it won't stand up to scrutiny and don't want to back it up with more data, or your ego doesn't allow you to accept challenges to your statements. But if none of those, why not give more evidence to back up your claims?
It's been a thing for years though. It's now popular to discredit experts with a single snarky sentence and declare yourself the winner. E.g., most of Reddit, sadly.
I'm confused because I said that over long periods of time index funds can return 6%. I based this on posts in this forum. I never said S&amp;P500 originally, but that was the index that you used when supporting your statement that the returns since 2000 are on 2-3%. My response was essentially, "what about other index funds?" And that's when we went way off topic. And just this morning my stats professor (a business school professor, btw) said that the historic returns of the S&amp;P500 are around 6%. He also said that his entire retirement portfolio is invested in US equities. So I'm asking you why your analysis differs, since you're the only person I've come across out of: * posters in this sub * my business school professor * my own retirement fund returns of 5-9% depending on time frames between 1 and 10 years (95% stocks) ...who is saying that you can't get more than 3% from index funds. You focused on the US economy and the S&amp;P500, not me, so I'm asking if you've done that analysis for other investments. The argument that there are no investments that will ever again return more than 3% based on the single sentence of "the US is a mature economy" is, in my opinion, something that needs more evidence. But instead of backing things up, you've mostly tried to insult me. Even your latest post is condescending, and I can't figure out why. You're the only person I've ever come across who responds to genuine interest with hostility.
I want to like CNN, and I give them plenty of chances to improve my opinion of them. But this Friday, the main headline on CNN (on TV) at lunchtime was about Trump tweeting smack at Arnold Swarzenegger, while the small-print ticker at the bottom is where I learned that the transition team was putting 'the wall' into the next appropriations bills. So we had 4 talking heads and Arnold Swarzenegger on screen talking about a twitter war for 20 minutes, while huge policy reversals got just the ticker. Fuck CNN.
When did you study it? The 1996 telecommunications act changed everything in the 90s, and much more recently, native advertising needs to be labelled as an advertisement now.
This is just childish.
Wow. I recovered from the worst moment ever, and it was actually freeing because then I didn't give a fuck. Halfway through my first date with a girl I liked, she dropped the bomb that someone I had taken to a dance a couple of months beforehand was actually her sister-in-law. Yeah. I dated her brothers' estranged, cheating wife. Thankfully, nothing had happened at the dance because she told me when we arrived (not anytime before, mind you) that she had a husband and a boyfriend. So it turned into a friend's thing right at that point. I have no idea if she wanted to sleep with me because I never gave her the slightest hint or opportunity to allow THAN to happen. So fast forward to my real date with the girl I like, and she drops this bomb on me. Suddenly, everything fell into place, I realized what was going on, so I just put my forehead on the table for a couple seconds. I decided to just carry on. We already had food coming, the Blackhawks were in the first game of the playoffs in 2010, and it would be fun to eat and watch the game. I raised my head, laughed and said, "Well, that's awkward as fuck!" I explained how I met wife lady, why I asked her to the dance and how I shut down any possibility of sexy times as soon as I found out she was married. Fast forward, the Hawks won the championship on our third date, they won again in 2013, the same year that girl I like and I got married, and again in 2015, which was a huge year in our marriage. So it all worked out in the end, and we love watching the Blackhawks together.
Document WHY you did something. When you return to a model or calculation a few months later, it can be he'll to remember why you did something a particular way. Usually, there are a few ways to solve a problem. Telling your future self why you used a particular solution will save you a lot of time overall. Especially when someone else questions it months later.
His little smirk at how clever he was at the end, too. What a jerk off. History won't be kind to him.
It'll all go to my wife and future kids, so it won't be wasted. When I ask myself why I'm doing so much work, I think of them.
To add to your car analogy, knowing about what your buying helps you decide when to DIY and when to hire an expert. I'll do brakes myself, but I'll pay someone to do my exhaust. I'm familiar with real estate, but I'll be using a realtor to help me buy a home, etc.
Hi there, not stupid at all. Consolidation is exactly the definition of the word. It will put all of your loans into one big loan with a weighted average interest rate. The total monthly payment and overall interest you will pay will be almost exactly the same as if you made individual payments to your current loans. The pros are simplicity of payments and potential to easily refinance the whole package at a lower interest rate later. The cons are that you lose control over your repayment plan. Currently, you can pay a little more toward your highest interest loans and get a great bang for your buck by doing so. Or you can pay off a high one completely, and the weighted average interest across all your loans drops dramatically. These money-saving schemes aren't available once you consolidate. Early payments will still be beneficial, just not quite as beneficial. Also, you can refinance only your high interest loans right now and drop their cost without paying more. This is the easiest way to lower your payments and save money overall. Again, that's harder to do after consolidation.
Yeah Yeah Yeah. I have it listed in my finance multi, but mistakenly thought this thread was in r/personalfinance.
&gt; Maybe I'll feel more comfortable using tons of budgets once I graduate with my bachelor's a full time job. That doesn't necessarily make it easier. Your income will rise, so your discretionary spending will also rise, and it won't be consistently. One month you'll buy new clothes for your new job, and so shopping will be way up. But if you can make it work for you, then use it. It is a pretty convenient and powerful tool for what it does.
I'm currently working on tax stuff and student loan refinancing. My wife is paid a stipend from her university but they don't provide documentation to accompany it, so proving her 'income' as part of the refinancing documentation has been challenging. I also just received an email that my employer tuition reimbursement will not cause me to incur a tax penalty, which is a huge surprise. I've been withholding an extra $10k/year in preparation of paying tax on the tuition reimbursement, and now it seems that it's unnecessary. This email came from our corporate tax consultant, so it's an expert opinion as well. I'll probably still withhold it or keep it available until taxes are filed and finalized, just in case. But that would be a tremendous savings that will go toward our house down payment and retirement accounts.
Pursuing this dream will give you new work experience and new network connections. Your worst outcome is returning to your current life in 2 years while your best outcome is impressing powerful people who will greatly advance your career - potentially far beyond your current potential. I think you have far more to gain than lose by pursuing this. The benefits just don't easily fit in a spreadsheet.
I think it's a reaction to anticipated rollback of regulations under Trump. The fundamentals of the US economy haven't changed much or at all since the election.
I agree that the economy is fundamentally sound, the unemployment rate is a good indicator of that. But the latest market movement is unrelated to fundamentals, IMO.
Skittle.
Natural gas plants can ramp up and down in response to renewable output better than coal and nuclear plants. NG is the fuel that is allowing the continued expansion of renewables.
None of this is correct.
It's the disposal of the used fracking lubricating water. It gets injected into industrial disposal wells and the theory is that these water injections 'lubricate' local fault lines and cause earthquakes. The additives needed for this water to work are toxic, which is why the water needs to be permanently disposed of instead of recycled. So it isn't the act of fracking whatsoever, but the disposal of the water afterward. However, it's a huge issue that the industry is aware of and trying to correct. Finding non-toxic additives is the preferred outcome.
I never said it was necessary, just pointing out the facts about NG generation. Energy storage has improved, but it's not yet feasible at grid-level, especially pumped water. And given the inescapable inefficiencies of all storage options, they will always have a decent financial hurdle to overcome. Batteries may be the only viable solution, but there are conflicting opinions about them. One expert who is doing research on the next-generation of batteries after lithium-ion believes that lithium-ion is not sufficient for grid-level storage, and that a next generation chemistry is needed. He believes that a market-ready, next-generation battery is 10-15 years away once we find the right chemistry, and we still haven't found it. Then again, another expert at a different research center said that improved controls will allow current lithium ion batteries to achieve much higher energy densities. The limits of lithium-ion batteries aren't exploited because their instability makes them dangerous (see the Note 7), and once we get better control over them, they will be viable grid-level solutions. Then you have Elon Musk and his business model, but so far his power walls are only for individual buildings, and I haven't read anything about grid-level storage using tesla batteries. So the answer is that there isn't a clear answer. Right now, NG is what is allowing large-scale adoption of renewable energy. This is good, because the price is falling and demand is picking up. 2016 had the highest installation of renewable generation, iirc, and thankfully the NG conversions were happening fast enough to allow it.
Hey again. The US already has the largest NG infrastructure by far. We have the most pipelines and underground storage, and it gives us far more energy flexibility than any other country. But our fracking production is still stressing it, as gas is flowing in different directions, and at higher volumes than it was before. The export terminals are a natural solution to the fact that NG production in the US is (or was until recently), greater than demand, by a substanstial margin. This is party why NG was so cheap the last few years and why so many existing coal plants converted to NG. But the export terminals will send NG to overseas markets and mostly displace coal generation there, so it's a net benefit for global emissions. I'm sorry that it's projected to raise your local pollution. I'm actually not that happy about NG exports, as I think NG is a great tool to hold onto for national energy independence, but I'm not in charge of that decision. But conversely, allowing domestic NG to sell on the global market will likely increase it's price, which means that renewables will become more financially attractive and increase adoption. There aren't a lot of downsides to NG power generation, considering the alternatives and how it is allowing our grid to modernize and become more green.
Burning NG produces CO2 and water, just like any hydrocarbon. Methane releases are from natural gas leaks which are a tiny percentage of the amount burned and nowhere near enough to offset the reduction in carbon from switching away from coal. It's not a perfect fuel, but it's a step in the right direction. And no other alternative offers the same benefits while being so receptive to additional renewable generation. There isn't a cleaner fuel that can also accept unpredictable renewable output. Whether it's popular or not, it is the transition fuel to a greener grid.
I don't think the high penetration of renewables is leading to grid instability as much as grid modernization. I'm of the opinion that a more responsive grid is a good thing.
Renewables aren't ready to replace base load generation, and nuclear and coal can't respond quickly to unpredictable renewable output. Your comment about preserving wealth and power is a little misguided. Oil companies have the money to invest in renewables, so they could easily retain their wealth and power by bankrolling and owning any future generation technologies. But we have a large amount of existing natural gas infrastructure, and a large amount of untapped tight oil and gas. Since NG is a better fossil fuel than coal, it's an easy switch. It preserves as much of the current grid infrastructure as possible, which is good for grid reliability, and allows for more renewables to enter the grid.
I always thought of Fox as a conservative propaganda machine, but I never suspected it was a breeding ground for rapists and misogynists.
How so?
Maybe and maybe not. NG is cheap right now, but that doesn't mean it always will be. We're starting to export it on top of using it for power generation and domestic heating. If US prices become tied to the global market through exporting, then we'll lose control over the price and NG-powered anything will become more expensive. This will be a relief to coal and nuclear power generation. It's beginning already, with higher NG prices than a year ago, and here are some excerpts from Monday issue of Andy Weissman's Energy Flash Report (an industry analyst): * Higher natural gas prices are likely to sharply reduce price-induced coal displacement in 2017 relative to year-ago levels. * While last year's Henry Hub spot prices averaged only $2.49/MMBtu, the NYMEX forward strip for Cal 2017 closed at $3.32/MMBtu on Friday, helping favor coal-fired generation at the expense of natural gas-fired combined cycle units. * We calculate the reduction in power sector gas burn to reduce price-driven natural gas demand by 2.7 Bcf/d year-over-year in 2017, given the current NYMEX strip and WDT's most-likely weather scenario. This equates to nearly 1.0 Tcf of reduced coal displacement in the year ahead. * Of course, overall gas demand is likely to increase this year, with a significantly colder winter and increasing LNG exports driving the market and likely pushing prices higher later in 2017. * Oil-field service costs are rising in tandem with crude prices according to investment bank Tudor, Pickering, Holt &amp; Co. The bank reported that the cost increase could raise break-even levels for shale operators by up to $10 a barrel. (my guess is this is significant for associated gas) Coal replacements grab the headlines, but these trends apply equally to nuclear plants under the same financial pressures. And like I said, capacity payments are being reworked around the country to account for renewables. And according to [this](http://www.utilitydive.com/news/entergys-indian-point-nuclear-plant-to-shut-down-in-2021/433599/) Utility Dive article about New York's Indian Point nuclear power plant: &gt; Despite Cuomo's longstanding campaign to close the plant, he has also laid the groundwork to preserve three struggling nuclear facilities in upstate New York, citing their importance to the state's climate goals. So honestly, there's a lot up in the air right now, but it looks like the disruption is starting to subside, and the future of the grid will be gas-heavy but also renewable and nuclear friendly.
My favorite metal band *is* Metallica, but that's because I really dislike metal. So I guess that tells you everything you need to know about Metallica.
But it's worse than that in this case, but OP is *defending* those interests. Not that it's bad to defend them, but it indicates that he finds more specific interests indefensible. The insecurity is so high that he can't bring himself to like things that aren't liked by everyone.
My coworker is a linguistics professor and he has an extremely popular open lecture every year about profanity. He opens with, "if you're offended by profanity, then you can get the fuck out!" He starts his class each semester the same way. It's a lighthearted way of demonstrating how language is and can be used, and he goes through the evolution of words over time. He's actually surprised that 'fag' has become taboo, since normally words that are used as medical terms for undesirable traits or to put down others become overused, lose their bite, and then become a mostly inoffensive part of accepted speech. "Stupid" and "dumb" are examples of that progression. But by clamping down on the words, you give them renewed vigor and bite, and it can have the opposite affect - the word become more hurtful instead of less. I'm not doing his concepts justice, but he's an interesting dude who loves language and doesn't see much point in building language barriers for the sake of the barriers himself. He likes to treat words equally and then delights in the reaction of the audience to what are are essentially the same thing: noises we make to communicate.
That's not a conspiracy theory, that's foreign policy analysis. It may not be correct, but it shows a consistent pattern of behavior that addresses a specific set of needs and is similar to documented actions of the past - most notably the way foreign policy worked during the cold war. You can base it on visible actions and well-known evidence. It doesn't rely on a secret double meaning of a word or other flimsy connections. There's a large difference between analysis and conspiracy theories, even though they can easily be confused if you word them the same way.
I totally get where you're coming from, but I'm not sure I completely agree. I think it depends on the word, how its used, and who it puts down. "Retard" is a pretty bad put-down of a specific group, regardless of if they can understand it. It's still hurtful to loved ones who can understand it, but "stupid" isn't aimed at a specific set of people. When you call someone or something stupid, you're not saying that you're acting like a specific set of undesirable people who have been historically oppressed, marginalized, or 'cleansed,' it means you're acting like a dumbass and should knock it off - which anyone, in any position of society, can do at any time. But once you start applying it to words that don't target specific groups, you're absolutely correct about the control piece.
&gt; I hardly come across anyone who self-describes as "moderate" I describe myself as a moderate, but I'm not sure I am a moderate anymore. The country seems to have shifted to the right, and rejected everything I believe in. I view Obama as a moderate, but apparently he's considered a hard communist by the political right. I'll explain this observation throughout this post. &gt; It's hard to know what I'd ask of an updated left because anymore it's hard to tell what the heck the left even wants anymore. After two historic elections that changed the political landscape, the Democrats have lost big time. The left still knows what it wants, it's the Democratic political party that is trying to figure out what it's platform will be to regain relevance. I recommend that you base your beliefs on what is right and wrong on your own, well, beliefs. Trying to find personal meaning in party platforms isn't going to be helpful. It sounds like you're doubting your 'liberal' beliefs because the Democrats have lost power. Are you attracted to ideas, or to power? &gt; But there are just a handful of things that stop all conversation and I almost just wish they were off the table (abortion, gun control). I'd flip my lid for a political environment that called for a complete moratorium on changing the law about these things so people could actually have a nice, boring discussion on economic and foreign policy. That's the point. Those are 'hot-button' issues meant to rally the base. In reality, all political ideas are on a spectrum, and all people fall somewhere on the spectrum. But these issues are traditionally polarizing and designed to keep voters in their respective camps. Bringing them up in discussion is playing into the political strategy of the two-party system. If you want to have a productive conversation, it's usually best to avoid these topics, unless they are the only topics you want to discuss. There's also some cynical theories that Republicans will never outlaw abortion because it's too useful as a tool for turning out conservative voters. &gt; It occurred to me that I'd love to find a sort of updated conservatism (centering family values, hard work, certain aspects of tradition, etc but more supportive of civil rights and sex/racial equality, and with an attitude toward the environment that is, well, conservative of it :P). &gt; I digress; I was definitely moving naturally away from the far left party line before the election cycle, but the last year+ was such a bizarre upheaval that I found myself trying to read out literature from intellectual conservatives. I found myself realizing I am far more moderate than I realized. I also found myself longing for space for a moderate to even exist in this day and age. Welcome to frustration. Your personal beliefs won't be perfectly reflected by either party, and if you're like me, some ideas will be split between parties. I'm a fiscal conservative, but a social liberal. I have decided that social policy is more important than fiscal policy, so I support spending money to reduce suffering. If you can find a way to reduce spending and suffering, I'm on board. But that means that while conservatives talk a good game on spending, they don't get my vote. &gt; I figure if I'm feeling this way, I can't be the only one. Do you think other people are coming around to this, and to valuing the very idea of being moderate? Is there a more moderate space in America's political future? Many people feel this way about both parties. Conservative intellectuals are no longer welcome in the Republican party. They feel that the right has played to the religious right and to dog-whistle politics (see hot-button issues), and driving away anyone who tries to create conservative policy based on conservative ideas. It's reflected in the party platform, which says almost nothing about creation, and almost everything about destroying whatever the liberals have built. The conservative thought leaders that you admire are being ignored by their party. Conversely, Liberals are upset that the Democrats have chased the Republicans to the right, thinking that they could claim the middle with mediocre policies. Obamacare is based on a Republican idea, and it was a mistake. The political capital could have been spent to instill a single-payer system despite Republican objections, and now Republicans are repealing their own ideas because Democrats mistakenly tried to be bi-partisan. For me, I'm disappointed in the cynicism, particularly of the Right. They gave up trying to create policy and have become little more than the party of 'No,' and right now they're trying to repeal everything accomplished over the last eight years, regardless of whether or not things were good or bad, but simply to exercise power and Destroy anything the Democrats touched. They have no vision for the future and I believe they will harm many people and not care at all. It's a disgusting way to govern. But that's not necessarily related to beliefs. There are conservative ideas out there that would make for decent policy. Find them, support them and advance them, because they are needed right now.
Clerks?
Man, I hadn't thought about that show in like 16 years...
Not implying, stating. I'm intentionally insulting the mods.
So now he's demanding that foreign companies build things in the US? It's one thing to claim that US companies should have loyalty to the US, but this makes no sense. Here are the consequences that I see: * Domestic cars will be seen as only for poor people. Nothing like showing off that you can afford a 35% markup. * Domestic luxury brands will be pissed at the stigma after finally achieving respect against imports. * Most domestic cars will return to utter shit, much like they were for the end of last century through 2008. They are finally competing on quality, performance and style after decades of being, for the most part, the worst cars produced by a developed country. * Overseas sales of US brands will tank as a reaction to lower quality and styling, or as a result of boycotting. * The profitability of global auto platforms will decline, meaning domestic automakers will return to US-only, and global-only platforms (models) in an attempt to maintain prestige overseas. But this loss of efficiency will increase their operating costs, further justifying a switch to automation and fewer human workers. The big three will definitely not support this, especially since Chrysler is now Fiat anyway. The only use this has is to rile up his supporters.
I'm hopeful that all of the craziness is to confuse our enemies and allies enough that we win more at the negotiation table. But that's the optimistic part of me. The realist in me expects that Trump will increase military spending but still roll over for China and Russia and abandon our allies in the process. He will blow money, cede territory, ignore friends, and declare himself the winner. The pessimist in me thinks it'll be far worse and he'll still be reelected.
Whoa, this is significant. This is the first time someone in the Trump camp was held accountable and paid a consequence for something. I honestly thought we would never see that happen.
It wasn't luck, it was hard work and intelligence. American exceptionalism is absolutely real, but it isn't permanent. Taking it for granted is what harms the idea. We have a large country with diverse resources, access to two oceans and few neighbors to worry about. We also wrote a system of government that was more open and advantageous to growth and prosperity than any other on earth (and the the time). In the 20th century, despite our problems, we had an incredibly well run country that didn't shy away from problems. Every challenge was seen as an opportunity, and even the problems within our own society were eventually addressed and fought over. But something changed. I don't know exactly what, but we are riding the coat tails of our previous achievements. It doesn't mean that we need to reach back and make our country 'look' like it did back then: simply being whiter had nothing to do with it. The secret was that we confronted problems. Now, while we're busy convincing ourselves that climate change is a hoax because we've grown terrified of changes, we're flushing our exceptionalism right down the toilet.
&gt; I was mostly referring to the idea that individual Americans are fundamentally superior to individuals of other countries, which is the way people seem to be taking it these days. People actually think that? What idiocy.
After reading the article, I'm convinced they were trolling the Alt-Right to take their money.
Yeah, tell me about it. When I was an Astronaut we had this guy that was *so* full of shit. Btw, being in space isn't as great as its made out to be, mostly because of the velcro. What's ordinarily no big deal to separate on earth can take a lost more planning when you're floating. You see, velcro is actually a lot of small hooks and loops that grasp one another when the two sides are mated. This allows for a semi-permanent bond that holds until you apply sufficient force to overcome it. But the key aspect of velcro that makes it superior to, say, scotch tape, sticky-tack, or even those 3M command strips, is that it doesn't lose effectiveness after use. In fact, velcro can be used many times over without any noticeable degradation in performance. This is one of the reasons it's used in place of laces for children and the elderly. And speaking of the elderly, they experience osteoporosis, which is similar to the bone degradation experienced by astronauts. Without the pull of gravity, the body doesn't need as strong of a skeleton, and so calcium isn't replenished at a sufficient rate to maintain bone density. This is why working out in space is so critical for us astronauts. Believe it or not, the workout equipment isn't that different from what you use on earth. The main difference is that we're strapped down to the treadmill to simulate weight, and we anchor ourselves to a surface and use resistance training instead of traditional dumbells or barbells. Most of the resistance equipment actually uses surgical tubing, which was discovered to have both strength and high elasticity, so it wasn't long before someone realized that it makes a cheap, portable, yet highly effective substitute for weights. What more could you want when it costs thousands of dollars to send every pound into space, only to have it weight nothing when it gets there! Anyway, the point is that I'm one of the few (and some evidence suggests that I am, in fact, the only) astronaut to get *stronger* in space.
Oil and gas were at 50 year lows.
Mine's an hour and fifteen minutes, one way. There are so many issues that I can't be angry about them all, so I let them all go.
Gingerly placing the neck between his teeth, calmly retrying each time it escapes, not losing cool. Badass dog.
It's been going for years.
The US education system was originally a collection of private schools and tutors that didn't follow any set standards beside educational traditions. The argument for public schools was to instill a sense of national pride and cohesion into the nations' children. With that context, I find the current debate over public schools to be totally bizarre.
Lobbyists are the only real access to politicians. If your cause doesn't have a funded lobbyist, it will never be noticed. Ideas are generated on university campuses, they are refined and 'legalized' in think tanks, they are promoted and defended by lobbyists, and they are put into law by politicians.
This is what truly surprises me. They have access to the best and brightest, and they have the power to do as they please. But they are deliberately ignoring the conservative thought leaders. I don't mean the politicians and personalities like Paul Ryan and Rush Limbaugh, I'm talking about the people who think up and craft conservative ideas and policy. But those people have been excommunicated from the party, and those in power are doubling down on fringe ideas that were never taken seriously 15 years ago. Whatever they do is going to be a pile of shit, because they have no idea what they're doing.
&gt; ...refuses to take their questions This is the nicest thing Trump has said and done to the media. Remember when he put them in pens at his rallies for people to mock and jeer? I hope journalists have taken this personally, and will make it just as personal for him. And not just for his presidency, but for the rest of his life.
Clinton ran one of the most organized campaigns I've ever seen. She's a talented manager and will be perfect for rebuilding the party. Personally, I'm extremely disappointed in her, and I hope that she can use her talents for good, and in a few years pass the torch to a younger, stronger party.
That's what I was thinking. This is a different name for tax reform, and it taxes consumers, i.e.; normal Americans.
Well, my point wasn't to start an argument, just to point out how completely different we talk about education these days. But I don't think being dismissive is helpful. Our constitution is an 18th century document based on ideas that are decades older. So I think you need a better criticism of an idea than just calling it old before you can consider it outdated or unevolved.
You're intentionally misunderstanding my statements to win this argument. You know what I mean about quality and janitors but you're now focusing on minor inconsistencies instead of my arguments. You seem intelligent and well spoken, so I'm not buying that tactic and I'm not interested in that kind of argument.
I think this year I'll match my increase to my pay raise. We've done a good job of controlling our spending where I don't think we'll need the extra money.
By conflict I mean war.
Serious question: what is Trump's policy on defense? His speech contradicts itself: * eradicate terrorism from the face of the earth, yet * stop protecting our allies, yet * increase military spending Why do we need to pay more if we're protecting less, and how will we eradicate terrorism of we draw down our overseas military presence? What's the plan?
Why do we need to increase spending if we're pulling back from other countries? And how will we remove terrorism from the globe without a military presence in other countries?
"The neck that turns the head."
Holy crap, Reagan. I'm no fan, but those are seriously impressive ratings.
Sounds like he Google'd, "good interview questions," and didn't read them until he was asking.
The Chicago turnout was five times higher than expected, so it overwhelmed event planners and they had to change it from a march into a rally. They planned for 50,000 people, but 250,000 showed up, and that many people marching would have shut down the loop, so they stayed in Grant Park. But there was still no violence or crime.
An Orange Toddler that is trying so hard to be like Obama. The desperation is pathetic. He wants to set inaugural crowd records and even copied his cake. I have a theory that Trump jumped on the birther bandwagon because Obama didn't want to be BFF's.
When baby boomers retire and millenialls can't afford to purchase as much as they do, all of these rules will be rewritten. Until then, no one gives a shit about us.
How did it get there?
As a supporter of all forms of consensual sex, I would laugh and leave.
THOSE CREDIT CARDS ARE A DEBT EMERGENCY. PAY THEM OFF BEFORE YOU DO ANYTHING ELSE. WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?!?!?!?!? j/k, great job! As far as cars, if you want to trade up without sacrificing a lot of depreciation to the capitalist gods, buy a certified pre-owned car. You get a warranty, a factory seal of approval, and it's far cheaper than buying new. A three or four year old credit will have all the newest bells and whistles, too. As for working, I think the point of FI is that it allows you to seek satisfaction. If you derive that from work, keep working until you're no longer satisfied. My life goal is to be independent, but to also have a job that fulfills me.
Eh, can't always control what you come across.
You must be that guy in class who answers other students questions with zingers that aren't actually answers. I'm that guy too, it's a lot of fun. :)
Nah
Poor whale. :(
And just like Jay Leno, it's surprisingly practical.
Regardless of its popularity, this moves hands over the keys to China. Now they get to dictate trade in Asia. Hopefully we'll get a seat at the table.
Prude. :P
Conversely, studies have shown that your perceived competence (how smart other people think you are) is related to how warm you are. Smiling and being friendly makes you appear smarter. You don't have to smile, and never tell someone to smile, but it's the fastest way to improve your social status.
I had an ex girlfriend keep icy-hot and sex lube in the same drawer, and they were both generic versions in identical squeeze tubes. Guess which one I grabbed in the dark?
I would honestly be more sympathetic to that line of reasoning if it were any other president. But it's hard to care when respect for the president and not questioning his legitimacy only seems to matter since January 20, 2017. Before then, it was open season on whether the president was a citizen, or whether his wife was even human or just an ape in heels. So no, Trump, I don't care about your feelz.
Yup.
You gotta be careful about that. A V6 or eco Mustang will smoke it at the same price.
Donald isn't judged on the same score card. He never was, and never will be. They liked him because he broke all the rules, and love him because he continues to do so. They care less about what is actions are, and more that they aren't at all what traditional politicians would do. Trump voters do not care that we point out hypocrisy, and they love the fact that we spend all of our time doing so. We're the ones that don't understand, and the sooner we figure out what makes Trump voters tick, the sooner we'll be able to fix this awful situation. I've been trying to understand this since the election, and I simply do not. There is a large portion of the American public that I simply cannot figure out. I don't get what is important to them I don't get what they consider appropriate or not, and I don't get their support for this insane man. But he's playing by their rules, and we're being dragged into the game kicking and screaming, so we'd better figure it out.
True, but an Accord is basically a Honda, FWD version of the 86: a driver's car that puts dynamics and fun at a high priority. I'd love to get one once I need an 'adult' car. But almost any V6 sedan is pushing 250 HP or more. The segment has gotten incredibly competitive and makers have figured out how to give high HP and high MPG, so even a V6 camry is pretty quick. The difference is that a family sedan is the car you drive if you hate yourself. :p
True, but it still seems to be dwindling as a tactic.
Too late.
Because he's on their team.
Will it fit in a Supra?
Trump generally avoids the media, and going months between press conferences is evidence of that. He also prefers to circumvent traditional media entirely by using Twitter for everything including random thoughts to major policy announcements. Bush II had a reputation for running a tight-lipped and rather secretive administration, and it's appearing that Trump will be similar. His social media presence is the biggest change.
ADHD people are a ton of fun, so plenty of people will like you. Also, if you learn how to deal with ADHD, you can teach your kids to deal with it at a much younger age, giving them the chance to never be held back by it. And finally, now that you know you have ADHD, you can work to address it. Isn't it exciting to realise that you can now fix all the unexplained problems you have? You'll always be your with your crazy ass way of thinking that makes your friends love you. But now you can work to develop skills and habits that will make you just as successful as your 'normal' friends. You get the best of both worlds. Cheer up, you have more going for you than it seems. :)
Republicans love free markets, except when they're so free that they can't easily build giant monopolies. Think of all the internet conglomerate political donations they're missing out on! The Comcast well isn't deep enough for everyone, so they need to make a few more juggernauts that people detest.
I was trying to avoid direct comparisons to Obama because of the political nature of doing so. In addition to what I said above, Steve Bannon remains a key figure in the Trump administration, raising eyebrows about Trump's complicated relationship with the press. Plus, Trump has openly called traditional news outlets 'fake news,' and refused questions from them based on that assertion. So beyond Twitter and press conferences, there's a large question mark next to the questions of how Trump will interact with news media, and that's why the first couple of white house press briefings were so closely covered and discussed in the news.
I had an allergic reaction to my last medication and it wasn't fun, so I was being cautious with my assessment. I don't feel comfortable saying definitively that this is or isn't an allergic reaction.
&gt; the only way to win is to grab 41% by unifying a lot of views into one partybthat will never be pure. GOOD. Any party that is worried about 'purity' is exactly the problem.
How's your meth doin?
ACA tried to reduce misery. I feel like Trump is punishing liberals for trying to help people.
Cities oppose Trump, so he wants them to suffer and fail to show how wrong it is to oppose him. Odd given that he's been a Manhattanite his whole life.
They say that, but never act on it.
Hey there, I haven't asked my parents for money in years, and last year I took my dad on a European vacation for his 70th. That being said, my mom paid my phone bill until I graduated college at age 25, and I was making $18/hour in an internship with an unknown end date. It's harder for young people to catch up these days. My sister is 35 and lives with my mom still. In fact both her and her husband are raising their 3 year old at my mom's house, and they both have jobs. So if the only thing you pay is a cell phone bill, and she's making everything else work on $14/hour, then you've got a pretty tough daughter, and I don't think there's much chance that she's unprepared for being an adult. Even if she needs your help at some point in the future, it will be temporary.
Be honest and try to paint a fair picture of the job. Remember that everyone is different, so something that didn't work for you may be a much better fit for your friend.
Uh yeah. The baby boomers are no longer pretending that they only care about themselves. They are doing anything and everything to extract all future societal value from their children in order to give it to themselves right now.
Fuck. That was the only safety valve we had for foreign policy.
Who decides who dies?
&gt; Take, for example, his administration’s clear indifference to — or outright rejection of — good measurement and analytics. This is a tremendous problem in business, and a big reason why large, profitable companies fail. The top-down hierarchy of business makes it difficult to change the mind of a stubborn boss, and if that boss employs the old school business strategy of basing decisions on only gut feelings and 'business instincts,' then the company is doomed. That thinking worked when everyone was doing it, but now businesses are heavy into big-data optimization to inform decisions. Anyone who isn't doing the same is riding into a modern battle on a horse.
Yet another Republican blowing the cover of an agent for political gain. Why do we let these people call themselves patriots? They're traitors.
Was "alternate facts" a shout out to the alt-right?
"Never Again." Visiting Germany was life changing for me.
Hey there, I'm going to address this argument economically, not politically. And I'm in a business school that out ranks wharton. That doesn't necessarily make me smarter than Trump, but you mentioned that second guessing someone from a top business school is a bad idea so I'm showing you that my opinion is informed and qualified to question someone from Wharton. Anyway, the problem with throwing our muscle around too much is that we're not the biggest kid on the block anymore. International trade has advanced to the point that it's just as easy for Canada and Mexico to sell to China as it is to sell to us. If we impose a 20% tax on imported goods, then the cost of shipping across the Pacific Ocean vs. paying that tax becomes the biggest consideration. The fact is that Mexico and Canada don't need us anymore. We're not the only market to sell into. I dislike the balloon analogy because that's only true in the short term. In the long term, the balloon actually gets bigger over time. A better way to describe it is that companies are more flexible in the long run than consumers. So imposing a tax on companies will put the pain on those companies in the short term. That is true. But over time, companies adjust operations to shift that tax burden onto consumers. This is one of the basic rules of economics. So when you're trying to design any kind of tax, you need to consider this fact and try to account for it. It's difficult to impose any regulation of behavior because as soon as you do, everyone tries to work around it. So if we make our market too unfriendly, we just give up trading partners to other markets or we end up putting the costs onto our own citizens.
I didn't say the policy is good or bad, I'm just discussing the merits of the idea. And the EU tariff is targeted at one industry regardless of country, whereas the Mexico tariff is targeted at one country regardless of industry. That makes them difficult, if not impossible, to compare.
Hey again. I'm on mobile so forgive my lack of formatting and quoting. About Wharton and Trump's policies, I don't think they correlate. His education may help him understand the consequences of his policies, but I believe he is motivated by populism, not business strategy. I'm discussing the economic merits and ignoring the politics of it, but I believe the politics are what's driving this idea. I don't know where 20% came from, but as I said elsewhere in this thread, the EU agricultural tariff is hard to compare. That's industry specific and court neutral, whereas the Mexico one is country specific and industry neutral. The impact of this on say, the auto industry, isn't informed by looking at how the EU deals with food. And hat discussion doesn't include the biggest consideration, which is that China is more than happy to replace the US as the leader of global trade. Building strong ties to North America while we weaken them is a strategic bonus to China as well. Imagine Chinese military bases in Canada and Mexico - unthinkable a year ago, but now a possible outcome if we continue on this path. Addressing your point about owning the market - this is the fundamental point that I disagree with. We don't own markets the way we used to. China is now in a position to be the alternate trading partner for any country that we don't lock into an agreement. We don't own any markets, and giving access to our own market was our best tool for international influence. This tariff may simply push Mexico into the China camp, and we lose our ability to influence Mexico in a non-military way. This opens up possibilities like the Chinese military bases. I don't have a good response to killing off the middle class. It's an extremely difficult problem, I'm just presenting information about this policy. It sounds simplex but any trade agreements has consequences and effects, many of which are hard to predict. While this may be good for some Americans, I think it's important to say that the outcome is likely a mixed bag overall. In addition most trade policies are carefully crafted with carve outs for various industries. This one, at this stage at least, is simple, implying to me that it hasn't been given the same consideration and effort as most trade deals. But it's an idea, so it's likely to be refined further. I'm hesitant to say which school because of identifying myself, but according to 2017 rankings it's above Wharton. But honestly, the top 10 all shuffle around each other every year, and different publications rate schools differently. So just consider it in the same class as Wharton.
The title is pretty neutral, IMO.
&gt; In fact, if the argument that tarrifs are "always bad" holds water, then the EU example should have a much worse effect on the EU... I'm not saying this at all. The tariff sounds like a simple idea, but it has complicated consequences. I'm just trying to add information to the discussion. &gt; I'm happy to disagree, it isn't impossible or difficult to compare. In both cases we are talking agriculture, and in both cases we are talking 20% or more tariffs... We may have to agree to disagree, but I see fundamental differences, and the only similarity is the 20% number. Otherwise, they aren't the same for a few reasons: 1. The EU tariff is aimed at one industry, where as the Mexico tariff is aimed at all industries. The EU is trying to protect domestic food production. But the Mexico agreement is going to affect all goods, including cars, manufacturing, etc. A tariff that's targeted at a single industry is tailored to that industry. 20% in the EU was decided after deliberation based on what is best for an agriculture tariff. A 20% blanket tariff isn't tailored to any industry (at least it isn't at this point), so it's going to affect many things in many ways. The scope is radically different and outcomes far harder to predict than a targeted tariff. 2. The stated goal of the Mexico tax is to raise revenue to pay for a wall, whereas the EU tariff is meant to protect a domestic industry. This is a big difference. We're trying to raise revenue through a tax on Mexican goods, but they don't have to sell to us. If they get a better deal in China, they'll sell there, and we will get no revenue, and the wall funding will have to come from somewhere else. So I never said tariffs wreck economies or anything like that, I'm just discussing the merits of this tariff. It's a complicated thing, and many discussions are missing the nuances. Some industries may benefit, but as I see it, the tariff won't achieve it's goal of funding the wall.
Anytime
I'm basing my arguments on today's news about the tax raising ten billion per year in revenue that will pay for the wall. I'm not considering the impact on jobs, which again will likely be a mixed bag, but the external effects about China are still valid in that case. If the intent is about the wall or jobs, there will still be other effects from the tax.
The worst possible response is to do nothing.
Illinois Governor race isn't until 2018.
&gt;Fat Rasputin has got to go. Goebbels.
Hey bud, good question. I drove beaters out of necessity for the first 15 years I could drive, and I'll never do it again. The unpredictability that cheap cars bring into your life is just too much for me to deal with anymore. A tow is a hundred buck, minimum. AAA gives you a great rate until you get towed a bunch, then your next year's premium goes up (and rightfully so). And AAA can take hours to show up. It was OK when I was in high school and college, but now that I rely on my car for everything and have very good freedom for error in my life, and add in a wife and dog that I want to keep safe, I think $15,000 is what I'll be spending on cars from now on.
I'm deeply uncomfortable with my sudden appreciation for the Kochs.
He's scrambling like mad to run the country while Donny watches TV.
Holy shit.
Awww, the Trump Bump is kicking. And I'm 50% in US securities, so I don't mock this lightly.
She needs to hang out in the subs where people ask for abuse. R/judgeme, or r/dontholdback? I can't remember the name because I visited it once and noped out, but there are places where people ask you to be an asshole to them. That mod should go there. But hosting a sub for people who need help when you clearly have no compassion for others is like calling cage at the bottom of a pool a "puppy shelter."
Yes!
Adjust your meds.
I like police officers and think the vast majority are good people and good civil servants, but I understand that people of color have a very different relationship to police officers. This article helps me understand how those two conflicting images can coexist. There are white supremacists intentionally infiltrating law enforcement agencies. Now the unwarranted shootings of black people makes more sense. It's not a problem with all cops, it's that a white supremacist had an opportunity to murder a black person with plausible deniability, and they took the shot. I'm appalled that the task force was dismantled in 2009. The negative repercussions on society are obvious. This problem has only grown, and the government did nothing.
Maybe this is incorrect, but I see this as a baby boomers problem. Since they've been in charge, everything has gone to hell. They need to retire and let X'ers and Millenials undo their evil before it's too late.
Let's separate the person from the position. Take away who Steve Bannon is, and focus on the actions. Pretend it's any random individual, maybe even someone you trust. In fact, pretend that this is a Democratic administration, because the problem is the same either way. Then consider that the person is a political appointee that was never chosen through election, isn't an active member of the military or intelligence community, and in fact, has no prior government experience. He has some military experience, but the majority of his career has been selectively controlling and presenting information to create a narrative for a newspaper that wants to present a specific view of the world. He is a master of story telling. And despite those facts, he is isolating the president from other people in the government, writing the presidents' speeches and executive orders, controlling what intelligence information makes it to the president and advising how to act on it, and is generally controlling US policy. And also consider that he isn't on record about anything. No one knows what he believes, because he is very careful what he says in the media. He's never held a government position, so there's no record of what laws he supports or doesn't. No one really knows him or what he wants. By doing everything he has done in the last week, he is now more powerful than anyone else in the government, including the VP, except for Trump himself. But he's controlling everything that Trump sees and hears, and is heavily influencing how Trump responds to that information. Do you think that's a problem?
This will kill people.
There will be no reaction to that.
It makes Trump's firing of the acting AG stay in the headlines longer, and draws out the open appointment, leaving more opportunity for a Tump slip up. Dems are going to pour as much salt as they can into the Trump self-inflicted wounds.
But he's going to give the winner a rose!
I couldn't figure out why r/Democrats is a nearly dead subreddit until I went to r/Politics.
Welp, I'm already shopping for a mortgage, so I may as well move all of my money away from Chase.
Every former president does this. It's irrelevant.
That's not a 'pro' for coal.
Every time I begin to empathize, they remind me of why I can't. They bring it on themseves.
His base felt like they weren't getting any of the pie. That's fine, and I understand that now. I didn't mean to keep them out of it, and now that I realize it, I won't any longer. But instead of voting in a guy who will redistribute pie to them, they just want to take the pie away from everyone. They're stoked that they've 'hurt liberals' when we both could have been better off with literally any of the other politicians who ran for president.
People don't want to be informed, they want to feel informed. Fox made money by replacing hard journalism with commentary because it's cheaper to produce and still feels like news to viewers.
They are right, just not about the results. College permanently expands your horizons, and even if you return home to live and work, you'll be a different person. I don't think that's a bad thing, but plenty of people do.
It does, and I was definitely in that trap. After the election I made an effort to look for outside news sources and now have several news apps on my phone, listen to npr, and read a print newspaper whenever I have time. I gravitate toward liberal outlets, but I make sure to read WSJ whenever I can. Reddit itself is definitely an echo chamber that rejects information that it doesn't like. I had to go outside of it to find real information on why conservatives were so unhappy about Obama and the liberal movement. Reddit doesn't seem to understand (or want to understand) any of those points.
It makes sense that people would trust lawyers even after they've lost faith in doctors and emergency personell. But it's sad that you can't help them very much.
I can't believe that he doesn't see how NATO actually works. We put military bases in every allied country and effectively push our borders far beyond our shorelines. Anyone who wants to attack us needs to go through an ally AND the portion of U.S. military stationed there. Our allies willingly signed up to be buffer states - literally human shields for the U.S. And all it costs us is money. Not to mention the 'soft' benefits of exporting our culture and values, monetary influence over allies in the form of fat 'rent' checks, and all manner of benefits. But no, those allies are somehow stealing from us? The idiocy is unmatched. EDIT: NATO is the best deal the U.S. has ever struck, and the reason terrorist attacks exist is because there is no other way to successfully attack a NATO ally, let alone the U.S. Terrorist attacks need to be addressed, but they are far less dangerous to our country than an enemy nation-state with comparable military power. If we lose NATO, China instantly becomes equal to the U.S. in military might. And say goodbye to our trading allies in the Pacific, and watch as our Pacific fleet can no longer pass Hawaii with impunity.
Try googling the journalist mentioned in the article. Apparently she made the recordings and likely published them.
Totally agree. OP: there's a difference between consolidating and refinancing. Consolidating turns all of your loans into a single loan, but it will have the exact same interest rate as the average of all your individual loans. You will pay the exact same amount of money as you will by doing nothing. Refinancing your loans means that you use a different lender (sometimes the same, but not usually), to purchase your loan from whoever currently holds it. The only way they make it worth your time is to offer you a lower interest rate than what you are currently playing. This is why u/ANGRIST is suggesting that you refinance a portion of your highest-interest loans. Leave your 3.4% loans alone, and shop around for replacements for the higher interest ones. Here's my suggested strategy: 1. Go here: https://studentloanhero.com/5-banks-to-refinance-your-student-loans-0060/ 2. See what rates you qualify for at these sites. For now, you can enter an estimated amount (say 50% of your total) because you're more interested in the rate. 3. See who gives you the best rate, then fill out a formal application to refinance ALL of the loans that you have that are above that interest rate. 4. Don't worry about the loans lower than this rate, you can deal with those in a year or two when you qualify for a better rate than today. 5. Return here (or DM us) if you have any questions at any point. I just refinanced my wife's loans through college ave and have a lot of research at my fingertips still. It's a pain in the butt to do, but that's because it can save you tens of thousands of dollars over time. It's well worth the time and headache.
Steam-punk in space.
We are going to strangle industries that employ millions and grow the economy to delay the inevitable transition of $75,000 people out of their coal mining jobs. Seriously, we'd rather push Silicon Valley into the ocean and kill 1/3 of our economy than make a hard decision on coal. It would be cheaper if the government just paid all current coal workers their current salary until retirement.
Of course you did, you were the only one with a sports car.
Why didn't they replace a permanent worker with another permanent worker? Most companies do, so it's worrisome that they didn't.
Green energy is the first real growth we've seen in the energy industry in a long time. Sure, we had a lot of coal to natural gas conversions recently, but that's just fuel switching based on price points of the two fuels. Green energy is a true growth industry, with opportunities for completely new ways of doing business. That doesn't come around very often, so entrepreneurs are jumping at the chance to create the businesses that will power the economy for the next 100 years. Given that most other investment opportunities aren't that great, there's no way you can slam shut the door on green energy. Too many people stand to make money and make a difference. The rebates and incentives were needed to get the ball rolling, but it's now self-sustaining. The green energy market is established and healthy - it's just a matter of whether it is a decent market or an explosive one, and the Paris deal is the difference. Without it, it'll be good, but with it, the potential for growth was limitless. So by pulling out, Trump limited the growth potential of the hottest market we can invest in. It's a severe dampening of the economy in many ways, and not the least of which is the loss of consumer benefit from the smart grid and other energy revolutions. The green energy industry has the potential to touch the lives of everyone, but now it'll stop short of that potential. It's here to stay, but it's a shame that it's growth was stunted. Source: my career as an energy efficiency engineer, energy purchaser, and industrial sustainability consultant.
&gt; It looks like you're making the assumption that Trump leaving the agreement is part of a broad attack by the US government on green power, and if anything the reverse has been going on. I don't think that's an assumption at all. Trump's platform was based on bringing back coal and he removed the U.S. from a climate agreement that we lead the creation of. The only reason green power won't be directly affected at this point is because it's already installed, and it was installed because of past government action. My point is that the future growth of the renewable generation industry (and many, many other green products industries) will suffer as a result of pulling out of the Paris agreement. Some of the existing infrastructure might suffer as well, but that's usually hard to tell given the noise in energy pricing data from day to day. The Paris agreement creates a massive global marketplace for green technologies, and pulling out of it indicates that the U.S. isn't interested in supporting that market, and that the federal government will not encourage U.S. companies to participate in that market. I believe this limits the growth potential of the U.S. green technology and energy sector, which is a large part of our economy. What could have been an explosive growth opportunity for U.S. investors is now a much smaller opportunity, if there is one at all. Investors who want to get into the market (including U.S. investors), will now spend their money in other countries, where government-lead action will lower the risk of failure and drive the pace of innovation. This doesn't take the U.S. backwards; it makes us stand still while everyone else will be speeding up. You cite 2016 renewable generation figures, but those happened for a number of complex reasons, but also in large part because of federal government incentives to create that generation. Without that incentive, the pace of renewable generation creation will slow dramatically. I can go into more details on that point if you want.
If you want to paint this as pork-barrel spending, the way a politician will squander it to his benefit will be to funnel the funds to a green-technology manufacturer in his district in order to produce something to ship to a developing country as the US 'contribution' to the developing world. Call that corruption, but I call it structuring a deal that forces a developing nation to adopt U.S. technology, made in the U.S. with U.S. money.
Money that ends up in warlords pockets still benefits us. It's an indirect payment for their support in any number of foreign policy initiatives. African warlords provided much of the military power for our war against terrorism throughout the 2000s, for instance.
What? We're competing against China and India for dominance in the green energy sector. Pulling out of the agreement is 100X the gift to China compared to staying in. We pay China to build stuff, but now they're going to own the design and intellectual property of green technology. We lose.
Regulations have impacts before they go into effect. Tens of millions were invested in the CPP and Paris deals by private industry after they were announced. The projects were discussed at every national energy conference I attended for two years. You seem to be basing your opinions on internet research and assumptions, or something else entirely, but not what actually happened in the industry. You can keep trying to mock me, but it doesn't change the facts.
You're reaching. I never said anything like that. I've been in this industry too long to be ideologically driven. There are ideas, and there are results. Trump has a set of ideas in mind, saving coal being one of them, but I'm doubtful that saving coal will be the result. Likewise, pulling out of Paris and the CPP will most likely slow the growth of the energy industry. It's not a difficult economic concept - people respond to incentives. With incentives taken away, the response stops.
&gt;&gt;You're reaching. I never said anything like that. &gt;Of course not. As I said, you're the voice of reason here. Apparently you're trying hard to make that true.
The age old, "lol i was trolling the whole time bro" defense. u mad?
Now you're actually trolling. I guess you've run out of things to say.
Have a good one.
&gt; “You see the Democratic Party, they’re imploding. They’re imploding. They became obstructionists because they have no message of their own.” Guess who we learned that from?
It's baffling when Trump demands that Dems help him with legislation like healthcare. The GOP has a majority in every branch and don't need Dems for anything. Grow a pair and fucking do it yourselves.
Wait, what? Seriously? I thought Trump would nominate a career law enforcement officer with a perfect record.
I agree. If you look on the bright side, you can say that this allows areas that can afford to cut emissions and install renewable generation to do so without forcing struggling areas to do the same. In general, market-based solutions have done far more for renewable generation.
Why else?
None: his report is accurate, he just didn't agree with the severity that the appraiser assessed. But that's most likely because of who is paying both of them, and I wouldn't hold it against the guy anyway.
Yeah, my agent made interesting comments about this. Filing a claim in the first year gets you blacklisted and your renewal is terminated(it's a common practice, apparently). But since I've been a customer for so long that wouldn't apply to me? Anyway, I'd discuss it with him ahead of time so as not to try to pull anything shady on them. I have good insurance, so maybe they would have options for me.
There was a hail storm that ripped through here in 2015. My parents replaced their roof 2 weeks ago based on an insurance assessment that traced back to that storm. It's the only reason I was considering the insurance option, though I don't think it's likely. Thanks for your feedback, I appreciate it.
Yes most of my friends are. It makes it easier, but not easy.
I have a coworker who outranked me, was promoted into a different division, then pulled a ton of strings to get me hired onto her team as an equal. Because of her, I jumped two titles and work on a far better team. My secret isn't really secret. I got to know her a little at first, then came to respect how she worked, then got to know her personally and became friends. Our spouses have gotten together with us a few times. The trick is trust. After we realized what we had in common, we developed a working relationship that is closer than anyone I've ever worked with. I will never undercut her to anyone, and we are honest with each other behind closed doors. She got me this job because I have her back and help her avoid pitfalls. I upended my life and took the job because she does the same for me. I couldn't have planned this; it was born out of a productive working relationship based on mutual trust and respect. It's not easy to find people like that, so when you do, hold onto them.
Blast from the past.
Do you have a source for that? I'm asking out of genuine interest.
"Those Democrats refuse to help us repeal Obamacare!" You can do whatever you want without their help. You're just being an asshole.
Where to start?
Fortune 200 here; every product launch.
I remember this well. He made them look like fools on their own turf. When he left, they had nothing left to say, and he had all the credibility. I thought it was arrogant at the time, or at least impolite. You can't bloody people that badly on their home court. It creates the kind of resentment that is now the GOP platform. Obama was (is) simply smarter than most politicians in D.C., and he proved it beyond doubt during these sessions. I never expected it would lead to what we have today, but looking back, this may have been the turning point when the GOP realized they could never again win a debate based on facts. I miss President Obama.
&gt; And then I realized--THAT'S why so many people obsess over their childhood! In their adulthood they use that as an excuse for being sad, insecure, angry, unsuccessful, lonely, fat--whatever. It's not THEIR fault--it's their bad parents' fault! The older they are, the harder it becomes to reverse. At 25, you can own up to your mistakes because you've only been in charge of your own life for a few years. You've mostly been on autopilot instructions from your parents and you don't have many mistakes to account for. At 35, 45, 55+ it's a different ballgame. If you stop blaming your parents at that age, then you have to own up to decades of mistakes. You need to accept responsibility for so much more, and it is far more humiliating. When you're a know-nothing 20-something, you can blame your inexperience. But by 30 you're supposed to have your shit together, right? You have no other excuse, so blaming your parents (or anyone else), is the only thing shielding your ego from the hard truth that your mistakes are your own. So the older you get, the less likely you will be to take responsibility for your own life. Owning up to the current situation means owning up to everything that got you there, and it's too much humiliation to face. They often chose the blame. I think 35 is the point of no return for most people. If you haven't figured it out by then, and especially if you have kids of your own, you're less likely to suddenly change your approach to life. Source: my older step-siblings. They will never stop blaming their mother.
For me, it was meeting my wife. We have our own issues, but they are different enough that we can recognize when the other is being affected by something and help each other out of it. Finding people that support you and help you is the key to life, IMO. But that's often confused with finding people who allow to remain stagnant.
I can't watch the video right now, but I hope they're offering this as an option, not as a mandatory change. People should still be allowed to see each other in person. But I sympathize with families that can't take the time to visit. Long car or bus rides, or worse, cross-country trips, are too much for many people. If this allows families to connect more often, then I think it's a good thing.
All you need to know is the price of oil. When it's up, producers will turn on more wells. When it's down, they will turn them off. The price is influenced by many things, but the producers are easy to predict based on price. This shale 'crash' is not a crash at all: &gt; Shale-oil production is climbing, but that growth is slowing down, said Flynn. He pointed out that while the number of U.S. rigs drilling for oil has grown for 23 weeks in a row, based on Baker Hughes BHI, +0.24% data, new-well oil production per rig among the shale plays has slowed. ... and shale will increase when the price rises again.
That's true, but I'd rather live in Illinois than Kansas. Neither party is all that great when unchecked.
ADHD people typically have an underdeveloped executive function, and that has emotion effects because we are less able to control our emotions. It's why we can't seem to contain our reactions to things sometimes. Our emotions are perfectly normal - and other people experience them to the same degree - but we cannot control our reaction to them nearly as well. So a lot of the time, our emotions run the show and we're just along for the ride. I've found the meditation really, really, *really* helps. It can put you back in the drivers' seat and help you address the underlying cause of your emotions. Much of the time, I'm upset about something minor, or something I could easily fix if I could realize the cause, but it ends up influencing how I respond to unrelated things.
Thanks, it is. A professional is great, but they won't live with you day-in, day-out, get frustrated with you, and scream, "will you stop complaining and DO something about it already!!!" All of us need that at some point. :P
I think that only affected Trump and his inner circle. I don't think the 6 years of obstruction were caused by the GOP deciding that Trump was mistreated in 2010. But with their powers combined, they have turned into one hell of a shit-show. Wow.
Nothing is reliably predictive. You said so yourself: &gt; I would never bet on a given outcome at any timescale. Anyone trying to predict energy prices is fooling themselves or trying to fool others. The only meaningful analysis is to look at the current price, determine why it is at the current price, whether you think it's an analytical or fundamental phenomenon, and then determine what you think the upper and lower bounds might be for the near future. And that's still conjecture. At best you can try to prepare for the worst.
&gt; They state that natural gas will pick up any slack as renewables go up to 30-40-50 percent over the coming decades. This sort of thing is highly dependent on price, though. NG is the default fuel because it's cheap, but the only thing you can count on is that the price of gas is volatile. Coal may come back if NG prices rise and stay elevated for a period of time. And the conversation about nuclear may restart as well, though I agree that it's unlikely to actually lead to new nuclear plants.
Sarcasm is not the same as intelligence. The question was about food waste, not all possible sources of carbon. Cutting down trees to pave a highway is obviously outside the food production cycle. You've pulled in an unrelated phenomenon to change the subject slightly so that you can project onto me an argument that you rehearsed, and won, in your head. And you're so proud of your cleverness that you're conducting yourself like a jerk.
It depends on who you talk to. One expert predicts that lithium-ion is not good enough for grid-level battery storage. It only has 50% more capacity to exploit, and we need the next generation of battery chemistry's to be invented. That process, he predicts, will take about 20 years. Another expert says that lithium-ion is perfectly capable and that improved controls can exploit the remaining potential and that will be good enough for the foreseeable future. But either way, both are confident that battery storage will continue to mature and will become integral to our energy grid.
Cheap fuel tends to attract new users. There could be an increase in use on the horizon.
I believe that's correct, yes. I would say that an economic limitation is still a limitation.
Oh wow, what an image.
There's plenty of accountability, but upper management sets extremely tight deadlines. Our team timelines now stack on top of each other, so purchasing (me) is ordering long lead-time parts before validation is complete. It's a huge headache, and luckily our teams are smart enough to work together through these issues without pointing fingers. We all realize that upper management is asking for miracles, and that it's not the fault of individual departments. That being said, we do have a bad habit of selling something before we're anywhere near ready to make it...
Oh god, that's horrible. A gchat would be free. Why on earth are they paying so much for this??? I hate our prison system.
I agree with you, I really do. But it's impolite in the same way that it's impolite to show someone up when you have a clear advantage over them. It may have been unavoidable, given the circumstances. I'm happy he defended himself so well, but that's my personal take on it.
Interesting analysis, thanks. I've looked into duck curves a bit, and they mostly seem like a problem for baseload generation. I helped draft a presentation on them for a major energy conference, but it was more about the talking points than understanding the underlying phenomenon. &gt; Li-Ion is great for your 15-minute to 2-hour everyday needs. I expect something else to handle overnight (or longer), but I don't know what. I agree - it seems that the standard powerwall time (or equivalent) for power outtages is 4 hours. For one reason or another, that appears to be the emerging standard in battery backup sizing for your typical retail store, which will likely spill over into residential as well, possibly industrial. But that's all distributed storage, not centralized, and it's driven by state incentives and deregulated markets that offer demand response, PLC management benefits, etc. I'm very curious to see how it will be deployed on a large scale.
Yeah, it's super fun! Honestly, the more I learn about these disorders, the more I wonder how many people experience them and are undiagnosed. It would explain a lot of the issues in most major cities, IMO. When society concentrates its underprivileged population in a single area with reduced access to mental health treatments, and you then overlay the statistics on how common this disorders are, then it's no longer a mystery why certain behaviors perpetuate.
&gt; The free market with renewables highly subsidized, you mean. I agree, but I think it's starting to build momentum regardless of the subsidies. The cost of generation has come down sufficiently, and there are enough eco-friendly customers willing to overpay for energy, that the market is becoming self-sustaining. There's a reason that renewables are taking off in deregulated markets and almost stagnant in the regulated ones. &gt; Have you seen the recent articles about Jacobson's 100% WWS model? I have not, what does it say?
During meditation, I'm trying to stay awake and focus on the object of meditation at that point. Usually it's my breath. When I'm going to sleep, I often focus on my breath in order to quiet down everything else, but in order to sleep, I then stop focusing on anything at all. Sleep and meditation may appear similar, but they are very different, and the difference lies in your intent and focus.
So then you've found something that is reliably predictive for energy prices?
TBH, I typically avoid r/energy. No offense, but topic-specific subreddits are usually misinformed about their subject. This is because they rely on articles written by journalists who are not experts in the field, and so they tend to get most things wrong. For instance, those 'evil' utility companies that want to kill solar only exist in regulated states, and only behave that way because the laws governing their behavior are archaic and do not account for renewable generation. And even when they get into the nuance of home solar, they completely misunderstand the pricing structure of selling back to the grid and decry any payment less than full retail price as criminal behavior. I tend to get my information from other sources. EDIT: I'm reading the article you linked. &gt; What about when the sun doesn’t shine, the wind doesn’t blow or water is unavailable? His findings postulated that significant amounts of energy storage would be needed, mostly in the form of heat and hydrogen, to meet energy demand when there isn’t enough renewable energy and to store it when there’s too much. They also concluded this scenario would be cheaper than a world that relies on other technologies such as nuclear, carbon capture and other methods of reducing carbon emissions. Yowsa. That requires A LOT of change to our energy grid, regulations, the way we account for externalities, and the business models of a lot of companies. Not impossible, but I can see why it raised some hell.
Yep, which is why I responded. There's a lot of information contained in the price. In fact, it's theorized that all relevant information is contained in the price: &gt; The Underlying Assumptions of Technical Analysis The assumption that price discounts everything essentially means the market price of a security at any given point in time accurately reflects all available information, and therefore represents the true fair value of the security. This assumption is based on the idea the market price always reflects the sum total knowledge of all market participants. &gt; The second basic assumption underlying technical analysis, the notion that price changes are not random, leads to the belief of technical analysts that market trends, both short term and long term, can be identified, enabling market traders to profit from investing according to the existing trend. [Source](http://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/technicalanalysis.asp). You are trying to figure out the price based on the 'fundamentals' of the market. &gt; There are so many chaotic variables affecting supply and demand (politics, technology, human irrationality) that I would never bet on a given outcome at any timescale. And there is such a thing as fundamental analysis: &gt; Fundamental analysis is a method of evaluating a security in an attempt to measure its intrinsic value, by examining related economic, financial and other qualitative and quantitative factors. Fundamental analysts study anything that can affect the security's value, including macroeconomic factors such as the overall economy and industry conditions, and microeconomic factors such as financial conditions and company management. The end goal of fundamental analysis is to produce a quantitative value that an investor can compare with a security's current price, thus indicating whether the security is undervalued or overvalued. [Source](http://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/fundamentalanalysis.asp#ixzz4lPEkng4V) But that's essentially impossible. You can never know all possible fundamental factors. You cannot see inside every company and every well to know their status. Even the CEO of an energy company doesn't know everything about his competitors. So the only way anyone can evaluate the entire market at once is to look at the price. It is the aggregate of all actors, with all of their combined knowledge about the subject. The price contains all relevant information - including the uncertainty surrounding the fact that no single entity knows everything. So you can collect all of the data you want, but the price will tell you the net effect instantly. And it will update in real time. [Take a look around](http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/energy/natural-gas/natural-gas.html) - it's interesting. I linked to NG because that's relevant for electricity purchasing.
Have a good one.
The best market-based solution is to allow for a market to exist in the first place. Currently, pricing and costs are hidden from consumers until after services are performed. The cost of the same procedure can be different by tens of thousands of dollars at two different hospitals in the same city. The GOP talks about how repealing Obamacare will increase competition and drive down prices, but that only works when you can actually make hospitals compete on price, and you can only do that when you can compare published prices. Otherwise, it makes no sense. Here's an article about it. http://www.rwjf.org/en/library/research/2016/03/how-price-transparency-controls-health-care-cost.html
I've never heard of synthetic natural gas. Do you have a link that I can read up on?
That's true, and clearly I still subscribe. But some comment sections become runaway trains of misinformation, and I gave up trying to turn those around. This one has been pretty good, though.
This looks extremely interesting, thank you.
&gt; Kind of an oxymoron anyway lol. I just meant synthetic methane. Lol, I knew what you meant: man-made CH4. I've just never heard of it before. I read the links and it looks like a cool technology. I see a few issues though, so I imagine its use will be limited due to a few factors: * most forms are produced using fossil fuels, so it has the same carbon footprint as petroleum (wikipedia) * biogas contains sulfer which eats away at the catalyst used to concentrate the biogas If we go the renewable route and use biogas and wind/solar like you suggest, then the use of SNG will probably be limited to transportation applications. If you already have electricity from wind and solar, you wouldn't create gas just to burn it to create electricity again. Likewise, electricity can be used for almost any heating application. But the energy density of SNG might be higher than batteries for a while still, so it would be better for vehicles, particularly trucks and buses, where batteries haven't made inroads yet. Super interesting stuff. I'm curious to see how it develops over time. Thanks again for the links.
My brother. We have a lot of similarities, so it's not like I'm acting like a different person around him. It's more like he amplifies the few things we have in common and they drown out everything else. I've only shouted at the TV during a hockey game when in his presence.
You were so bored you watched cement ~~dry~~ cure.
Hey there! That sounds amazing, and I'm happy for you. For as good as that was, I think you have even more to look forward to. Eventually, you won't need to control your emotions and squash them. Eventually, you'll be able to recognize them, watch them come and go, and they will slide past without affecting you. You'll just observe. It's nice to do with the strong feelings that typically get to you. Also, drinking can be fun, but it does cloud the mind. I have a hard time meditating the day after drinking, so I've nearly stopped drinking altogether. It wasn't a conscious choice, but I realized that I was happier without it because I had a healthier relationship with my own state of mind to begin with, and alcohol just interrupted that. It sounds like you're well on your way, so keep going. There's no end to the journey - it just keeps improving.
The field is growing at all levels. In engineering, you can look into programs like the DOE Industrial Assessment Centers: https://energy.gov/eere/amo/industrial-assessment-centers-iacs That's where I got my start. But in any engineering program you should be able to find clubs and organizations. ASME is good, and ASHRAE is an excellent place to interface with energy efficiency and sustainability. Plus, they love young engineers and will send you to their conferences for free. I think it's the largest engineering society in the world. https://www.ashrae.org/ There's also research, but that will vary by school and city. For non-engineers there are also a ton of options. You can go into energy purchasing (like my last job) or energy sales. There are tons of small energy companies of all types that need all the same employees as any other company. And there are tremendous energy companies with entire efficiency or renewable energy divisions. THE major energy conference for utilities, energy companies, and large energy using customers is called the Edison Electric Institute. http://www.eei.org/Pages/default.aspx You need to be employed in an energy sales or purchasing job, or represent one of the venders present to attend the conference itself. But you can look up the list of companies that attend each conference and research them for ideas. You will find a little of everything there, from installing renewable generation to big data analytics software packages to increase energy efficiency. There are also companies that sell gadgets like the Nest thermostat. I suggest you do the same research on the ACEEE website: http://aceee.org/ Along with all of the industry research, it's more important to make networking connections. Figure out what entities exist on your campus that research energy policy, technology or environmental topics. There are bound to be a few institutes, departments, professors, or clubs devoted to them. Start attending meetings and introduce yourself to people. Ask professors and grad students about what they do, see if they know of internships or research positions in these areas. That's how you get started. Good luck :)
Don't mix it into a bomb.
$4,500 wedding. We didn't have money and refused to take out debt to fund the wedding, though our parents kicked in a little. I think a lot of the error comes when people place so much emphasis on "the big day." We don't disagree with that because of financial reasons, but because we both feel that a marriage is about every day after the wedding day, not just the wedding day itself. If you don't plan for what comes after the wedding, how will you have a good marriage? So putting more effort into one party than into creating a sustainable relationship just felt like a bad idea, money included.
I haven't found a right answer to that. Sometimes I'll go ten days in a row, sometimes it's once every 5. Mostly it's 3 days on, 2 off. I don't make it complicated. If I remember it, I do it. If not, I let it go. But when it gets difficult and I feel overwhelmed, or when I can't do what I need to do, I force myself into a session. After 15 minutes of meditation everything is easier. I've been doing it for a few years now, on and off, and I'm somewhere north of 2,000 minutes total meditation. If I did it every day, I would be 10X that amount, but even on my sparse schedule the positive effects build over time.
