God may have your soul.
The reason why Krakatoa is always in the middle of the ocean in Civ5
Thanks Lorne Malvo.
Mein Furher, I can WALK !
This. Gotham is for me the dark side of NYC. I always thought Gotham would mean "GOTHic AMerica"
What about a drop of gasoline?
Also, some Stormtroopers carry MG34.
A Bioshock set in a derelict space station, in the 70's. A kind of utopian orbiting-around-Earth station, built by both USA and USSR during a Cold War break. Full of vintage stuff, weapons such M1 and AK47, and ideology shit.
About the Express, I'm pretty sure the car we take in BS2 runs just on a single line, from Ryan Amusments to Persephone. Informations panels on the platforms show two others lines, without location names. But yeah, the layout is a mess, there is not even a hub to connect them all.
They do in vanilla.
Londoners becomes "Londonien", Parisian is "Parisien" in french. So it didn't bother me :) We also say "New-Yorkais"
You could be able to upgrade them in destroyers, if Combustion was discovered before Telegraph.
Sur-natural wonder
Funny to see a city growing but still with destroyed buildings. Also, Washington is the Barbarian leader since his country is first on the list by default.
Then you delet it? How can he come back if not in your territory?
The guy said he could feel his blood "like water". I assume none of the rapers wore condoms? They all gonna die from AIDS. Problem solved.
Also 4 spies sounds strange. Op may use a mod that unlocks espionage a the early eras.
not yet
Dat border expansion.
Hope she has range+logistics+extra movement
Why this should be hidden? What are these rules? I'm new to reddit. This image is actually quite funny.
Funny how they were terrible at naval warfare and exploration, although being an island country. Was that cultural? (isolationism and stuff?)
OP: It happened to me once: instant reload.
You can, if the CS is liberated. It removes a kind of lock that prevent you to pass through.
You can only in case of liberation.
ooops yes
Infortunately ducal stable wouldn't work with Keshiks since they are ranged units and not mounted.
Pre-BNW, France had both musketeers and FL. CHateaux replaced the Foreign Legion.
Yeah, the Boulevard Périphérique!
Why is the academy planted on the marble resource? It doesn't connect luxuries!
I love that comic author. This one is good, the nasty face of the waiter in the last case is priceless.
You did.
Actually it was designed in 1939.
Your scout seems to be sailing on drugs.
But... but... Ships of the Line???
You should have moved your settler on the horthern hill. More production, defense, and possibility for Machhu and Newschwanstein
Good catch. The more I see the Star Wars movies, the more I see details. I need to re-watch TFA a third time. I didn't know star destroyer could land on a planet, I tough it was only in spaceports, like when Obi-wan embarks.
Since the Tauntauns can freeze on Hoth I believe they are exotic species, from a less cold planet. Perhaps a hotter area of Hoth, I can't believe the planet is entirely cover in snow.
I read somewhere that the star destoyer's bridge was inspired by antique triremes, with the rowers standing into the pits, the officers on the upper deck, etc.
Play England with Great Lighthouse/Exploration bonus/movement promotion. Super fast embarked units.
Seriously? That cutaway which in the vehicles book?
THANK YOU !!!!
Here, an upvote for you.
How can light travel faster than light?
I don't agree about the ejecting scene. I like the editing as it exists. The fighter is shot, blank. Finn awakens under the burning sun, with the parachute and the seat, we understand immediatly what happened.
Fetchez la vache!!
Build the Terracotta army and get a copy of it, then get a copy of it, then get
"In this sort of race, there's no silver medal for finishing second"
Russian paparazzis.
Good catch, ou can see the originals pavilions in the backround, which were demolished in 1937.
BUT WHY???
Do you live in the USA? I guess tracks must be the property of the railroad company, then parking is prohibited since it's a private land.
Spaceballs?
Well they are gunners :) I had the same impressions as yours, these guys are so mysterious. They operate the Death Star ray, the turrets and the laser guns. Their very special helmets must be equipped with some HUD system, for tracking and targeting I guess, and also provides protection against lethal radiations.
He rented it.
Remind's me Hitchiker's guide to the Glaxy, where they actually build planets.
Babarian babes.
Stupid question, the ship went to the lake through the city, which acts as a canal.
How did the ship went to the lake?? Is that a bug?
He eats beans.
Yes, OP spot is awful. Tile southeast Ankara would have give him River+hill+observatory
AIN'T YoU TOo LaZy to Call YouR Capital City CAP and YoUR SeCoND CITy CitY 2???
Imagine, being cut in half by the propeller... I wonder if they were made of wood or metal.
Canadian is like a smart US
Both cities are 1 pop, I guess he could have settled in Kili spot before settling his crappy second city.
tinypicnic
Happy Birthday.
Pax Koreana.
I would have settled on the snow hill right next the ice cap to allow a passage for ship and trade routes.
At least you have salt.
They use books in Jedi Outcast.
Thank you Sir.
What's the hype with Carthage? Ok they can cross mountain early, but in this case units would be slaughtered by city defenses, there is not enough room between the Venice and the mountains to allow enemy units to safely take positions.
In french it's easy: trirème.
UB. Cuckoo factory. Duuno what can it provide tough.
Usually, the tree leaf means indirect fire, and the lightning blitz.
PLEASE STOP DOWNVOTE ME U ASShoLES !!
Ah, Korea banishing the korean porcelain.
Awesome guide, as usual!
Nice guide: Good thing you're aired it.
rule5?
rule 5?
rule5?
Nice! Is the great Wall visible by other players in construction?
For a non-american, can you tell me which teams are playing?
Ah quelle guigne!
This and the crude map that reveals tiles of ice and plain ocean.
Le Français never se surrender! Jamais show the white flague! Honhon! Bring me some baguette and croissant and I'll show toi le true face of la France!
Triple orgasm.
Threesome canal porn.
That's the same pronounciation in Aurebesh.
Fritz Lang approves.
Also the binoculars and targeting computers use arabic numerals.
AN UN-DIDO BUTTON WOULD BE BETTER THE HELL !!
&gt; and basically a waste and basically a wasteLAND
Catherine is a bitch. Nuke her.
La lutte est réelle.
Mais tu parles espagnol? Et tu crois que tu m'impressiones? Moi aussi, je sais dire "allons à la plage monsieur Renard": "Vamos à la playa señor Zorro"
Pouvez-vous conduire et écouter en même temps?
Some reading if you have 2 hours train/plane ride. Then throw in the garbage.
Stop your bullshit Quatari propaganda.
I read new polder can be both crossed by land and naval units. So they can basically host a road and become isthmuses?
The Office UK is better than Office US. "grabs popcorn".
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhpO_WcR_jE
This technology is MINE !!!
Cloverfield 2
TO THE TOP !!
Pax Americana
dat rasist
Here, an upvote for your comment and a nice and friendly orange letter in your mailbox, without rotten eggs smell, I guarantee it.
First part with the staircase is actually a broadcast tower, OP fooled us by mixing two different facilities.
It's actually the top of a broadcasting tower.
You scared me.
Freazzing creepy.
WHY THE F*CK DID I CLICK??? I just couldn't stop watching..
These phones are from the early 80's, very common model in France.
Save your game and reload your game, Great WAll will spawn at your borders.
Or Catherine. She loves snow tiles. For the love of uranium!
It's an upside dow.
SCIENCE B*TCH!
You must put a citizen on that tile on order to work them.
I never used this Decision, but once you built it you have to opportunity to dismantle it (literraly), then you receive free great artists.
Still count as one.
This... this is awesome.
Building Châteaux only when you have Avions?? Sacrebleu!
Give American warrior-line units Shock promotions, you'll have Drill for free when upgraded to Minuteman. Otherwise you'll lose this little benefit. Do the exact opposite with "Shock" UU, such Samourais and Winged Hussars.
Serioulsy? Posts about canals are about 90% of this subreddit.
The whole story https://gfycat.com/EnlightenedGlisteningGreatwhiteshark
https://gfycat.com/EnlightenedGlisteningGreatwhiteshark
Play Civilization.
Sneak attack. Fetche la vaca!
No.
Exactly, like the city is on a river island.
Here, a nice upvote, and a warm and friendly orange letter in your mailbox.
I still haven't started a game yet.
Brace yourself, comments like "TIL scouts can attack" are coming!
A fridge?
Discover it first as Spain would grant you 1000 gold.
More GIF like this we need.
I'm french and I'm against nuclear power. They're going to bury radioactive waste that can stay lethal for 5 billions years in a mine. Great.
Triremes using arrows before archery.
My favorite too. Sounds so mystic.
Ironclads make a steam noise, like put-put-put.
NONNONNONONONONONONNONONONONNONNONNONNONONNON
Huns, they took from the portuguese list.
+1 for writing Rule 5 in bold
Longswordsmen when moving, they seem to be covered with saucepans.
Exactly, Austria never built sailed ship, but did build battleship and cruisers when it had access to the coast during Austro-Hungarian empire.
Rule 5?
Actually, your warrior hit a ruin (or sometimes called "good hutty") and was given an upgrade. That means, in game, they found advanced weapons (from where/whom, we don't know, it's a game after all) in old ruins from an antideluvian civilization and they decided, hopefully, to equip their small batallion with such advanced weapons. Ancient Ruins are the remains of earlier long-dead civilizations. They are filled with valuable secrets - gold, maps, lost technologies and sometimes even survivors - awaiting discovery by the intrepid explorer. Rich rewards await those who first enter an Ancient Ruin.
They do sometimes if they are geared to diplomatic victory (civs or CS will always vote for their liberators). Typically, Sweden.
The Military tradition policy from Honor grants you double XP, with the 2 starting promotions from barbs, you can reach march/logistics very quickly.
trololololoolooollololololololloollolllloloollololololoolololololollolollooolllloollollololloolo
Yeah somethin' like dat.
Read the previous post lazy boy.
Here, a nice upvote for you and a warm and friendly orange letter in your mailbox.
You can set the game to autosave after every turn.
Japan is no garbaju.
Funny how the workers are running away.
Beast Komment Ayver
Only "ancient roads" are made by trade units. later in the game, we'll be able to build our own roads/railroads.
That's what circuses (circi?) do in Civ 5 already
Circuses give happiness already.
I was involved in a big old debate/conversation about this a while ago. We came to the conclusion that a great engineer or great merchant should be able to build a canal. I'm a fan of the idea that any cargo ships passing through it would have to pay you a tax, but that wasn't so universally decided.
Switzerland.
I was involved in a big old debate/conversation about this a while ago. We came to the conclusion that a great engineer or great merchant should be able to build a canal. I'm a fan of the idea that any cargo ships passing through it would have to pay you a tax, but that wasn't so universally decided.
Gracias.
You mean, Rome a Carthaginian colony.
What's the one with the horn?
Consider yourself lucky to launch a naval invasion with Lizzy, her ships are so fast with the UA, great lighthouse, exploration bonus,etc. Playing naval with any other civ is a pain in the ass, especially on large maps.
I never do this, I always play coastal since I play England most of the time. Think about cargo ships!
Mont-Saint-Michel?
I never used IGE but I might to blow up that nasty ice caps that block the continents.
Hexacools are gon.
I was involved in a big old debate/conversation about this a while ago. We came to the conclusion that a great engineer or great merchant should be able to build a canal. I'm a fan of the idea that any cargo ships passing through it would have to pay you a tax, but that wasn't so universally decided.
CANAL CITIES !!!!
Great location for a canal city. Settle wisely!
Must be the Moon.
Compared to his low intelligence.
I love it because it's a premonition of Iraq invasion.
Chanel still makes perfume and clothes.
See, architects still make models.
Wow thanks for sharing. In the first there is a little character with big ears, at the bottom of the poster. Looks like the alarm guys in Bioshock Infinite.. What does he represent?
Where is your navy?
Do you have a cabin there?
Can cross mountains?
Dat legs.
No canal.
I was involved in a big old debate/conversation about this a while ago. We came to the conclusion that a great engineer or great merchant should be able to build a canal. I'm a fan of the idea that any cargo ships passing through it would have to pay you a tax, but that wasn't so universally decided.
Most of these old pictures are documented, it's esay to find back the location. And Paris is a quite small city :)
That's true in the city core (touristic area). Go in the outter districts and you'll see modern buildings everywhere (basically former popular/industrial areas).
Don't worry, water will be high, it takes weeks to get back a normal situtation. The strike concerns mostly railroad employees, against a new law about working conditions.
TIL
THE BOMB DIDN'T DETONATE.
Why not.
I was involved in a big old debate/conversation about this a while ago. We came to the conclusion that a great engineer or great merchant should be able to build a canal. I'm a fan of the idea that any cargo ships passing through it would have to pay you a tax, but that wasn't so universally decided.
Seriously? 7%? Mine was 2%, I'm going to finish to pay it in october.. How student do if they can't find a job?
As a French, I can confirm.
Elephant don't live in Sahara.
Your ancestor was 1m67, quite tall for this time! :) About the uniforms, I'm pretty sure they are not from the foreign legion, and not even french (not historian but French myself). French soldiers (regular army) would wear red and blue *képis* (those caps are peaked and never in use in France) and the famous "target parctice" red pants, FFL use white képis and big red or green epaulettes on shoulders Here some links with pics: https://monlegionnaire.wordpress.com/2012/01/02/foreign-legion-uniforms-mexican-campaign/ http://logoi.com/pastimages/foreign_legion.html I would say 1860-70 for the date.
I think I have a clue: http://history.army.mil/html/artphoto/pripos/amsoldier-print/1847-p.html These soldiers don't really look like french IMHO. As you said, French soldiers had the blue and red képi until 1915 (then changed to "blue horizon" uniform and Adrian helmet), but it was straight and not like these peaky caps. Plus, it had the number of the regiment in golden digits in front of it. I thought then they were not european at all (they didn't seem English,german, nor russian..) but rather US or South-american. Then I found this picture..
How do you know this?
Lovely women!
Who's is the mustache guy with the (looks prussian) uniform on his right side?
I was involved in a big old debate/conversation about this a while ago. We came to the conclusion that a great engineer or great merchant should be able to build a canal. I'm a fan of the idea that any cargo ships passing through it would have to pay you a tax, but that wasn't so universally decided.
Franco de port, les copains d'abord.
Berlin was surrounded by soviet territory.
Water must boil then.
Indeed he was a good man.
Reminds me *Hot Shots!2*
Have 4 cities by turn 100, National college and 6 compbows.
Longbow with logistics wins over CKN with range, since it has more points.
YES.
vespenises.
Rule 1 with conquistadores: never hit a ruin. Settle first. Understoodo?
OP Brazil.
Not to mention most of the time ice-locked naval bases.
talk about civ5
Ah.
They cost if you are the one who build them.
I was involved in a big old debate/conversation about this a while ago. We came to the conclusion that a great engineer or great merchant should be able to build a canal. I'm a fan of the idea that any cargo ships passing through it would have to pay you a tax, but that wasn't so universally decided.
This is awesome fore galleasses, which are quite weak against cities and garrisoned units.
Rename your ships please!!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!
No salt, no Petra, no canal.
They should.
Manufactory.
Have an ice day.
Oh, the custom house then.
Haha I feel the same thing! His "Oooooh" is epic.
We must automate corruption then.
Please, remember it!!
&gt; food from dessert Yum yum!
Same thought, I love the Flat Iron building reference!
Because they love to [copy everything.] (http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/08/07/paris-china-tianducheng_n_3714385.html)
Civ whithout Ghandi is not Civ.
Can you explain a bit please?
cough "Hunt for Red October" cough
The thing is, not every leader is linked with their UA or their UU, or cities in the game. I don't know if Los Angeles existed during Washington's rule.
Mount Rushmore as a supersecret base in "Team America: World Police".
With is the Dutch language in CIv4 weird? Too modern?
The globe is hilarious, not to mention the Oracle painting on the wall.
Don't care, build it!
Perfect roundabout.
Yours is funny.
At the end, the submarine sails in the Penobscot river.
OG empire?
My Guess: 1 America 2 Sioux 3 Australia 4 England 5 Holy Roman Empire 6 Rome 7 Greece 8 Canada 9 Egypt 10 India 11 China 12 Japan 13 Russia 14 Zulus 15 France 16 Belgium 17 Arabia 18 Norway
Stop trolling please.
Infortunetaly it doesn't affect Immortals...
&gt;The galleasses were the real MVPs They are rather weak against strong cities (especially if a Xbow AND a galleass are garisonned), but once they have range it's fine (which could come quickly with barracks and barbarian farming). The coastal restriction is a little annoying sometimes, but if they survive they make awesome frigates/SotL.
Tiens, regarde ! Les Anglais ont débarqué. On va être obligés de passer par derrière. Tu sais, par ce tunnel tout sombre qui sent pas très bon.
It is correct, but that the way they call it in the game. And it's just a little portion of the palace. Because the Clock tower is more iconic than the whole palace. I'll be more pedantic: it's actually called the House of Parliament! :)
I'll stick with the Big Ben House of Chambers of Commons and Lords of Westminster.
Damn Kamehameha. Always grabs the ancient ruins first.
Nice story! But if you were playing Rome, why didn't you use Légions chop the forests (by building forts on it)?
Maybe she googled "Taco Bell"? Otherwise, that would amazing.. and freaking scary.
I can't wait for the sea monsters they will picture on the océans.
Krakens and stuff like that would be awesome. Ps: don't get penisy!
Or they could the old-low-setting-solid-black fog of war.
That's why I never build walls in my capital, because I love big fat cities.
dafuq?
On TSL maps history rewrites you.
I like it.
Ah, I loved in Age of Kings, where corpses filled with arrows would remains in the battlefield for a while and slowly turn on skeletons.
4 months can go very quicly, I guarantee it. I'm going to play BE.
I was expecting rewriting history, so disappointed.
I'm pretty sure it was about rewriting history.
&gt; not a single French unit Actually, the Ironclad seems to be based upon the French armoured frigate "La Redoutable" (according to the wiki). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_ironclad_Redoutable I wouldn't mind a Renault WW1 tank :)
Placeholder I guess, they reused old icons from Civ5 for the video. I guess it will evolve.
Basically, a map where you can rewrite history. (Serious: True Start Location, a map of our real Earth, where all civs start at their exact location. Then feel free to rewrite history).
Wow that's cruel :(
I was involved in a big old debate/conversation about this a while ago. We came to the conclusion that a great engineer or great merchant should be able to build a canal. I'm a fan of the idea that any cargo ships passing through it would have to pay you a tax, but that wasn't so universally decided.
Hiawatha approves.
OMG my caravel is stuck in a lake??? Is that a bug???? OMG Bismarck has Minutemen and America is not even in the game, is that a bug???
Wat?
This is controversial, I think it'll never happen in civ history.
Civ5 has 4 different biomes. https://www.reddit.com/r/civ/comments/2c85ou/civ_v_biome_comparison/
What's the idea behind freight submarine? Except for the military, I don't see the point.. Trading through polar ice?
Plain start.
Thanks!
Hipsters.
The answer is yes.
Yes.
I smell bullshit.
What happened to her?
Japanese law.
I have no idea what you are trying to say friend.
Correcting strabism.
You didn't get the joke.
12, almost all in Europe and 2 in China. I didnt' know mt Rushmore was a Wonder in a previous civ.
Especially if you play Rome, since the Legion has the speed bonus.
What's the NQ mod?
Poland can into peace.
Restless Sleep.
The war theme is epic though.
Good point!
Unless you settle a canal city. If not possible, it's quite raging.
What if you settle on bonus resource? Do you get the bonus?
Canals is the new Ghandi.
50 mn by walking fast ;)
Great job!
A crudely drawn map of fog of war.
Cool story!
Vault-tech approves.
Minutemen approve.
Well well well.
Louis XIV is a good example: he was focused both on culture and wars.
Created account to upvote.
The WOPR in*WarGames*.
Shock promotion.
Red Sea Fort.
The new Dutch improvment: Polder, can be build on water.
Futurama?
Build a super-supercomputer.
C&amp;C reference?
There was.
i do for sure.
No.
England, but the tech tree doesn't reflect the reality since Longbowmen are discovered at Machinery and there is no machine in Bows, so no accurate.
&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;salt
You're right, I thought it was a work boat at first, but looking closely it's a civil war era ironclad (David?).
HODOR.
Trollface
Open boarders bro.
I miss captain Price.
Tired of this shit.
As a French the correct pronounciation is in this video (for US audience?) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKyZIJYk8Po
Radio Courtoisie, tout s'explique!
No sea resource, rerrol.
Rule 5 ?
Landsknechts are cheaper and can be used the turn when they are purchased, also, double gold from City pillage.
Lol
Upvote for visibility.
C-anal
They are incan slingers.
Are you blind?
Super cool merci !
+1 food from farms and terrace farms without fresh water, +1 food from plantations.
Thanks captain obvious.
Let's talk about la Nouvelle Orléans which became New Orleans.
Thanks for your info! As a port lover this area looks fantastic. What is the the purpose of the grid structure over the Pier? I've seen it à lot on american piers. Anyway, amazing ship!
Tell me what your country is.
Français spotté.
...an adult American(one of the worst possible nationalities for learning Japanese) Can you elaborate ?
This is awesome, because privateers upgrade to Submarines! So you can grab icelocked goody h... Never mind.
Are you 'murican or roast-beef?
You mean Truffle butter?
They are colonists, period.
Duct tape.
Breaking Bad dates.
Who uses a navigator and a radioman nowadays?
r/titlegore
This is si right. Always date a girl who wears a watch.
Roller: Officer of the Dick.
IT crew ?
What could possibly go wrong?
Also nobody looks at the sub.
Incognito Browser, bro.
Only one comment, someone must have been shadowbanned.
Please delete your comments and leave the sub.
À vot' bunker.
OTAN en emporte le vent.
There must be à typo, there is no such a 2nd RIC (Régiment d'infanterie Coloniale) in Perpignan, but rather a 24th. https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/24e_régiment_d'infanterie_coloniale
The régiment was based in Perpignan, and only made of french dudes who would fight overseas, in the colonies (thus RIC, régiment d'infanterie coloniale). In the 30's it was open to African soldiers.
Based on a true story.
Nope, see my comment below.
Who's Jim crow ?
I was just going to make the same statement.
Is that a common mistake ?
Harbors districts should able to be built on BOTH land and water. Having the opportunity to build the harbor on water is good when you settle a small island.
One does not simply mystype Google.com.
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
"build a slinger and you'll be fine."
Subliminal faces were scary.
Paratroopers have helmets and rifles.
Only the brave could be slave.
They just followed the ordrers. And the way they were executed was kind of barbaric.
Celsius anyone ?
VT?
At least one.
Donald Gump.
It was mostly brick and stone.
A guide for the TV.
In-universe explanation: scare the poor foot soldiers. Otherwise I read somewhere they were inspired by the tripods from War of worlds.
Corallian ships.
"Many" doesn't necessary mean "everybody".
Sure you spent the night on it.
But a american locomotive...
RemindMe! 2 years 6 months 1 day
What does Reddit gold do?
*engrish accent
Mee too. Love.
You'll miss the best time of your life.
TV tropes is strong with this one.
RemindMe! 10 years
RemindMe! 100 years
N I C E O E
I'm offensive and I found this french.
Can they run on feathers?
Or watch porn on incognito mode.
Perfect for logging in.
I like you.
In french avocado and lawyer are the same word (avocat).
You should have a "gendarmerie". We french should have invaded England.
Who would download a car?
Who would download a car?
Hair is hairy.
Same goes for family albums, "look our cute baby puking on the carpet!" (No offense, I have a toddler and never posted a single picture of him on social networks).
We should hire people to make energy by clicking.
Fatlets.
Comstock.
I like this, a secret freezer beneath the Rockies where presidents can kill their necrophilia cravings.
Il a Free, il a tout compris.
He needles some help.
How do you call an Indian dating site? Link the Dots.
Allow my mother to have kids.
Thanks.
How would you call it otherwise ? B?
Only two residents per building.
*Baleine.
Neehd some karmah may-be? Sure you setted up all by yourselfes.
This is the cree-priest thing I've ever seen.
Looks like a Bunuel movie.
Érection chair.
Sleep paralysis.
But she will never be, poor.
Thomas tank engine style.
I'm sure you're a car person now.
I'm sure you're a car person now.
I'm sure you're a car person now.
Crucifixion ?
Oui, thanks. C'est le mot que je cherchais.
Would you kindly shut up?
Nice forehead.
No offense, she's gorgeus. But I'm fond of nice foreheads.
Wat.
You have the hardest job on Earth, respect.
Algerian intensifies.
I found it very stylish for the gendarmerie.
Algerian FLN and vietcong are worst scums.
Wow, such empty.
I would say 1967.
Fesses marécageuse.
\
*La Jetée ☺. Awesome experience anyway.
The grenade logo is not exclusive to the Légion, it belongs to the whole Armée de Terre (except the "Troupes de Marine", which have an anchor instead), and the Gendarmerie. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kepi
These are not colonies, but French territories. People there are french and proud to be it, and are not second-zone citizens.
Looks like a "Sergent", judging by the two golden chevrons. The color of the rhombus containing the grenade could help us but I'm not able to see it (Green for Légion étrangère, Light red for infantry, blue for Cavalry, Red for artillery, etc)
2 actually, one downvoted me.
Every car is a Pinto.
Could be less hawk-ward in a lob-by.
Seriously? TIL
Leave it, just a stupid troll. Or bad sarcasm.
I'm a guy and I find him hot. Maybe because of the clothes, or the 40' filter.
1901.
It's is not a don't recommend it.
I dunno how to explain to you. Sure there is no filtre. I was talking about eye filter. This picture is biased by the era it was taken during, then adds an emotional filter.
It is. Now we need a black&amp;whitebot.
Colorizebot
Is learning humour too much?
Do you?
48 days.
RemindMe! 35 days
wat
"Lamppost" is a weird word.
How can you be downovoted? There is no downvote button.
No sugar.
"Lampost" could make it. I don't know other examples of portmanteau words in English.
They would be called hipsters nowadays.
Colorizebot
Who is brave enough to hold a centipede that way? brrrrr
Predator.
Londexit.
Don’t click. Please don’t click.. don’t
In 1912 you could wire money by Telegraph. Have you heard about Western Union?
And cheap. Can't believe it cost 11m euros.
Why did he delete his comment ?
How Can you summon a user ?
UHF?
RemindMe! 5 years
wat
And the last name Hitler. I wonder how many people have this name.
Poppers.
RemindMe! 8 years
Am I the only one who plays without mods?
Not to mention disgusting skin dust that get stuck at the base of the joystick.
r/jokes
So you get the gold.
Up, vote.
The French approve.
=========E
Thanks.
Good.
What's wrong with your botphobia?
Tree of life.
Circumcision is a criminal mutilation that belongs to dark âges. World would be better once we get rid of those archaic religions.
Or a Ford.
Writing?
What ?
