Good job thinking of Master Gundam Fuunsaiki! Nobody else has suggested that yet haha. Destroy is a good match for Fate/Stay Night's Berserker! Well chosen. Psyco Gundam fills a similar role, if one prefers UC.
I chose 00 Raiser instead of Exia because Raiser Sword is so similar to Excalibur, but the whole line fits pretty well. Good pick on Wing! Independent Operations is indeed a core requirement. A lot of people pick true-GN drive units, like Dynames, for this quality too. Not bad with Lancer. I like unconventional. I think Stargazer would be a better fit for Caster, personally, but I could definitely see it here. Funnily enough, [UBW's Lancer is also Caster in the new game coming out!](/spoiler) ^(Fate/Stay Night &amp; Fate/Grand Order spoilers) Funnels for Caster make more sense than funnels for archer, I think. People like blondie too much, I daresay, haha. Banshee is even better than Unicorn for Berserker. Good pick. Blitz is a perfect Assassin, too! I don't know any other cloaking mobile suit. I guess any other stealth suit could work, including some of Zeon's more experimental stuff after the OYW, and maybe even the Gundam Throne Drei from 00 with its stealth field.
Fascinating pick for Caster. Nobody else has gone that way. What makes you think it's a good pick? I can think of a few qualities, but I'm interested in your thoughts. Is it similar to any of the Fate-series Casters?
Gouf feels more like a berserker... Great pick for a UC Saber with the Gyan though!
Good picks! I really like Blitz as Assassin, Rider involving the transforming functions, and the various nonsense Casters. There are a couple of good Lancers out there, though! More than one or two mobile suits use polearms; the issue is finding a strong enough one to be a Heroic Gundam. RX-78-2 used a beam trident in the TV airing of MSG, the GN-X III and IV units from 00 used lances a lot, I think one of the Tallgeese units had one, but I'm going to go with something else: Quebley Papillion. Butterfly wings, funnels, and a terrifying lance! Invisible funnels make a scary Noble Phantasm move when she's in Embody mode! Funnily enough, Cu Chullain is actually [Caster](/spoiler) in the new game that's coming to iOS/Android soon, Fate/Grand Order.
Not available in Australia :(
I see it more as a Berserker. The White Devil, that can't be stopped, that always keeps fighting.
&gt; it isn't that rare of a gun. 54 gameplay hours. Never seen one. Agree that proto chest shouldn't exist.
So since Decimator (Patrol Leader) + Vader + Gunner costs 48 points, what should I run with the remaining 52?
I have never had a character unlock a signature ability, let alone use one. How do you even get that much XP?! GMs who give out that much must like playing with fire...
Wow... 20 per session... I'm both a player and a GM, and an average session with 2 small fights or one big one usually gives 5 XP...
Forgive the silly question, but why is it a long weekend? Edit: Oh, that one that WA doesn't get because we had our Foundation Day last week or so. Queen's Birthday. [Thanks, random website that came up on google](http://publicholidays.com.au/).
&gt; turrent ಠ_ಠ
Whoa how did I miss that getting a steam release 2 weeks ago?!
Whoa, that [Tengen Toppa Lazengann](http://i.imgur.com/WfuvKWX.png) has the Four Generals' ganmen's faces! That's awesome!
You'd have to be mad to think that this has to do with the TPG takeover...
Did you perhaps mean irreverently instead of irrelevantly? Though I suppose bringing it up inapporpiately would qualify for the latter...
No, I fully believe it can. The prices are so much cheaper, and the range is amazing. BookDepository is basically superior in every way, isn't it?
They sure do. I make sure I buy one or two books from them every year, even if they're more expensive than basically everywhere else.
There's no way they'll give us a Custom Phage... it's already a penultimate-tier weapon. And Scoliac, too, is amazing for its maneuverability. I could definitely see things like Mire, Embolist, maybe even Synapse. Some of the more offbeat weapons, you know?
It's less damage than a crossbow bolt for sure. Five crossbow bolts kill Big Bandit every time, so I put four in him then threw the bow itself. Bandit survived. Threw my other weapon, and THAT killed him.
Boffins is literally the first bookshop in the list.
&gt;I have to join the group to see posts :( Dang. I was afraid of that. Thanks.
All good, and same to /u/Neuvost. Downvoting broken links is perfectly fine! The winning list was: - Patrol Leader + Gunner + Darth Vader + Rebel Captive - 4x Academy Pilot And it fought: - Palob Godalhi + Veteran Instincts + Blaster Turret + Recon Specialist + Inertial Dampeners + Moldy Crow - Kaa’to Leeachos + Bodyguard - IG88-B + Veteran Instincts + Advanced Sensors + Heavy Laser Cannon + Inertial Dampeners + Autothrusters The other Top 8 lists were: - Xizor/Palob/2x Z-95 - Brobots (B/C) - Jake (A-Wing)/3x Gold Sq. Y-Wing - Falcon/Jake (A-Wing) - Howlrunner/6x Obsidian - Leebo/Corran Horn
Still 5/8 lists with a large ship, just that two are the Aggressor. That said, WA's always had a weird meta. Zero Imperial Aces lists. Zero Firesprays. Zero Interceptors. But the one that really surprised me was: Zero B-Wings! They've won store tournaments recently, too...
Evolved was better than Armored Core's recent games because *it was released where I could play it*. I'll take another if it comes to Steam.
This is a good self post that touches on politics. Mods: I like this.
*shrug* Makes no difference to me. But yeah, my point kinda stands that without RES you can't really identify people unless they're ludicrously prolific and the sub is small enough.
Nothing could possibly eclipse this attack sequence... ever. Which is kinda ironic, actually, given TTGL's theme of surpassing the impossible.
Looks like a generic name for an advantage that lets non-Rokugani write an Ancestor to use... it's pretty lazy to not have given some examples, but check out the Ancestors in the core rulebook for an example of how to balance effects and costs. It's definitely an invitation for the GM to make stuff up. Sadly, I can't imagine errata fixing this. House rules will have to continue.
Oh gosh I didn't even notice that OP didn't say. Surely it's 4th?
The difference is that ufotable don't use CG backgrounds which look like they're late PS2 games. Both studios have some really awesome choreography, and I actually think ufotable took a lot of inspiration from Silver Link's Caster!
I'm so glad they brought up Hockey's disgraceful comments about 'blight on the landscape'. Utterly infuriating. That I don't have stronger phrases to describe my frustration politely cause the feeling to escalate.
I remember just about all of these. Media's been fascinating the last few years - despite an overall dearth of actual journalism from the biggest publishers, there's been a lot of highlights and strong interviews.
Yup... hard to get hyped for a rare drop from a rare spawning mob. Worst kind of grind :/
I don't agree, with respect to Fallout. I feel that the lack of personality caused me to detatch completely. Everyone exists in Fallout purely for my (the player's) own amusement; nobody had anything to say about my character. This didn't happen to me in many other games, such as Half-Life, or Knights of the Old Republic, or Fable, because in those games my actions were reflected back at me through the dialogue and experienced that directly referenced my character, as expressed through my actions. Fallout and Elder Scrolls simply do not do that, and don't even feel like they're attempting to pull me in at all. The consequences of your actions just don't affect anything, unless you're a serial murderer of conversational NPCs.
It may be somewhat leftist but at least it's news that isn't trivial celebrity gossip, sports, or local goings on...
But the game setup and turn 0 are so confusingly written...
Yet again, its looking like Empire is overcosted/underpowered...
There was an Ingress event on in Perth today, but that doesn't require photos, just being in a certain place... not sure, OP :(
It seems like the day (or week?) before I began the overtiering changes happened and all the forum and wiki advice is broken now because I need lots of weapons to be useful.
Mixing robots, religion, politics, love and ambition is messy, especially for the pawns. Sorry, but that's the best I can do. Nobody will ever guess it because its very hard to summarise the early episodes of G-Reco.
I'm glad you liked it. I had fun with it myself. That doesn't stop me critically looking at it. Try was hollow compared to the first season.
Pity the suit you mentioned was not from Try... but I did like white a few designs from Try, especially R-Gyagya and Mega Shiki! I didn't like how many suits were barely recognisable though, especially the Gunpla Academy ones.
Disappointment is the difference between expectations and results. I was surprised at how much worse GBFT was than GBF in every respect except music...
When you can take GBF apart and see how good it is, but GBFT is hollow, well, that's why we're disappointed. Its the difference between a proper 1/100 MG and a cheap no-grade 1/100 kit... or a Real Grade and a First Grade kit
This is a great response. Not enough of us recognise that you can like things that are bad, or criticise the things you like. Hayashi made a bunch of great music for Try! They shouldn't have leaned on the S1 themes so much...
The reason we're so critical is because GBF did all of those things too, while being extremely well crafted! I enjoyed Try, but it's like comparing the RX-78-2 (GBF) to a Guntank (Try). One is versatile and sleek, the other barely gets the job done and is clunky while doing it.
Yeah, isn't analysis and justification the precise thing that a circlejerk is missing? That's what makes it a jerk, not a discussion.
Wha-? May I ask for a rules reference there? I haven't come across that before.
Can't believe I had to scroll this far to find an Asuno...
Yeah. Not everyone is T10. I've got 24h gametime and I'm a third into T5 now.
Oh, right. I was worried for a second you were trying to imply that the ABC had somehow incited terror. While I agree that the Herald and Courier are beggaring belief today, I don't think they're inciting terror. If they'd said 'burn the ABC's office', that would do it. On the other hand, if it were a crime to lie in journalism, then maybe we'd have something to go on... but that would be ridiculous too for other reasons.
Do you mean just a blank page with the watermark that's on character sheets?
Hi! T6 player with all of 20 hours here, at least a quarter of which is building and being anal about it. I looked up the tower killing technique, but otherwise, I learned all of those things you said myself just by playing. The only reason I'm not T8 or 9 is because I've been spending my RP on all the movement types, not just wheels, and testing them all out. I'd be higher now but for the armour minimum that just came in, too. Armour is expensive! Levelling up really doesn't take long, especially if you stick to gunbed cruisers.
I'm mulling over a similar problem. What I'm intending to do is to have scheduled events, and until then, zones and bosses are forbidden. For example, I'm going to rule that in my server, unless its event time, no bosses (at all!), no going into the dungeon, no sky islands, etc. That might work for you, might not. Hard mode is absolutely, totally forbidden until we all agree to move into it. The other thing is that even in a Large world, there won't be all the ores, not enough of the rare accessories, and so on. So once a week or so, I'll be hosting a second world, fresh, and giving everyone an hour or two to pillage it. That way we can get more of those limited resources! But not an infinite amount, or I might as well allow for SP server items to be brought in. Hope those ideas help!
Can you give us an example of that disinterest? I've lived in a safe Libs seat since forever so I don't have a clue what federal-level representation means.
Thanks for the reply. My local MP is a crazy Islamophobe who denies climate change. I basically couldn't even have a political discussion with him.
Worth it for the gorgeous orchestral ost and the voice acting.
That's so cute! &gt;&lt;;;;
522 paras? Dang, that's a comprehensive ruling. Good job, White J of the Federal Court!
Fanservice/pacing/inconsistent art quality/borderline incoherence at times? I mean, I still gave it 10/10 for shooting for the stars and getting close, but yeah, there's heaps to criticise if you really feel like it.
This pleases me. What's your new best 5/10?
Only because it's not Sunrise's mega-popular idol franchise, Love Live!.
*soft applause*
Yes, but there's also a pair of Liberals in the mix. A better refutation of the comment you replied to is to hold Labor accountable while also acknowledging that the Libs are similarly paternalistic moralisers.
The appropriate way to deal with the negative impacts of porn is through more meaningful education. Teach people to respect each other as humans, about why consent is relevant, and literally explain the effects that porn can have on the brain (especially what conditioning is!) and you'll see a reduction in the number of youths who emulate irresponsible porn. Although I thought my sex ed was sufficient in a public highschool during the 00's, if you think your own education was insufficient or if your kids' is, then [Sexplanations](https://www.youtube.com/user/sexplanations) is a good place to start to fix that. Yes, Dr. Doe is kinda annoying, but she's very experienced at sex education, she's super earnest, and promotes healthy behaviours (both physical and social).
Keep in mind that unless there's a Bill of Rights or constitutional basis for striking down oppressive laws, democracy doesn't really do anything to stop them from being enacted or enforced. Every (edit: national) democracy in the world is a representative democracy, where voters pick the people who have the power to make laws. Voters don't have any direct influence over the lawmaking process in most countries. See also: America, UK, and Australia's hard slides to the right in the last 15 years, including serious infringements of rights to privacy, speech, and online activity.
Nobody's mentioned the baseball episode from Samurai Champloo?
I'm in my mid 20's now, but I still remember hating how condescended to I was as a child. Children should be treated with respect and dignity as humans. Sure, some children will still act poorly even when they're well treated, but I'd bet my life's savings that that number would be much reduced from the way it is now.
Who practices direct democracy these days?
So, yes, you are technically correct. I couldn't find any nations which practice direct democracies, but I don't think it is surprising that there are some non-nation states which function as true democracies. However, does that contravene my point? Poor laws could exist there, too, especially when judged through the lens of a foreign culture.
Hah it totally does. This works for me.
If you threaten violence, it's not peaceful. Edit to head off a potential counterpoint: Even if these guys hadn't literally announced their intent to forcefully respond to any intervention, this is still a case of threatened violence. Undertaking any kind of unilateral or unlawful action while armed is implicitly threatening violence against lawful interveners.
If it's inconsequential, letting us farm is fine~
Yeah, I found the page on [Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kabaddi#Variations) which describes the general rules. It's quite different than anything that's played professionally in the West, so it's all novel for me right now.
&gt; the shock of moving from a labour intensive economy to a time-value centered economy certainly will require incrementation to mitigate Any change of economic system, for any reason, requires incrementation. You can't go from a market economy to a command economy overnight (not that I'm suggesting we should, overnight or not). That's something I've noticed a lot of hardcore socialists and anarchists don't seem to realise.
Did you do the movie, too? And it looks like Kyoani's currently airing show, [Myriad Colours Phantom World](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/3zqtml/spoilers_myriad_colors_phantom_world_episode_1/), will be a bit similar.
Consider consulting [because.moe](http://because.moe) to see what you can stream and where. Apologies if you're outside of the countries it supports.
I started reading again this week after not reading fiction for pleasure for months and months. University'll do that to you. But I'm glad I picked my book back up, I was halfway in. Words of Radiance, Brandon Sanderson. I highly recommend it if you enjoy epic fantasy. Though it is book #2 in a young series, so if you prefer to wait, that's fine too. Book #1 is called The Way of Kings.
Netflix is generally not an excellent source of anime. Try crunchyroll.
It looks like they actually have made most of those maps available on SEA. It's just that nobody plays them. You can only find them by searching them.
The purple one at least is a gundam-type. It's called Gundam Kimaris.
Top left: Big Bad Sazabi clone for McGillis while he's masked. Top right: Gjallarhorn's new front line. Gaelio in the purple Kimaris Gundam, Ein in the green Graze variant (sword/thrusters), and non-mask McGillis in his Schwalbe Graze. Bottom Left: Tekkadan team B. Akihiro in the slimmed down Gusion (brown; same chest/legs as Barbatos, Gusion's chest as a shield), and insufferable earring blondie in the red Graze Kai Ni. Bottom Right: Turbines upgrades. Looks like a Hyakuren base (same chest) with new parts from Hyakuri stock maybe?
Not entirely sure how shifty it is. They're being opaque, certainly, but I don't think it's for malicious reasons. My thoughts [here](https://np.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/40el1q/still_no_answers_on_why_rift_costs_183_shipping/cytmxw3) (which is in this thread).
Yeah, [I'd be hesitant to order through a redirector](https://np.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/40ea0x/i_am_palmer_luckey_founder_of_oculus_and_designer/cytlpwv).
Oh for fuck's sake. I hate this goddamn rule. It's so inconvenient. Just let us get banned for vote brigading if we ever do it. Ugh. Actually, why not just auto-edit our posts to change the www.reddit.com to np.reddit.com? Surely the bot could do that... I acknowledge I'm qqing. I'll repost it.
My other comment was deleted because the subreddit insists on np.reddit not www.reddit, but doesn't auto-edit submissions to conform. Waste of time, if you ask me, and even if you don't, I'm telling you. Repost begins now: Just to expand on my comment, I think there are advantages and disadvantages of this setup. Obviously, the biggest disadvantage is that it costs us a lot of money to get an Oculus - both through the inflated shipping fee and through GST. But since they're apparently registered in Australia ([as evidenced by their charging of GST](https://np.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/2bhcy0/why_is_oculusvr_charging_gst_for_australians/)), this means that we should have *much* shorter transit periods to wait between order and delivery, and we should benefit from Australia's strong consumer protection laws that include mandatory irrevocable warranties. Given the trouble I've had with getting Brookstone (a USA company) to replace my Axent Wear headphones, I'm not wholly dissatisfied with this arrangement.
No shit. It's criminology 101. I took that unit two years ago, and it's so painstakingly obvious that I can't help but be frustrated when people fail to acknowledge that it's the correct answer.
[Simple Wiki](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creative_destruction) link for people who have difficulty reading in-depth economic texts like myself.
That's because labour and capital are becoming more and more disconnected, so there's less investment in things that require labour, so there's less job growth. [Long, slightly-rambling editorial](https://newmatilda.com/2016/01/07/why-are-we-still-working/) that expands on my comment. I won't be mad if you don't read it, but I thought it was illuminating, so I'll link it anyway.
Even if it's a flawed argument for private citizens, it's not for politicians to the extent that they act for their office. I suppose politicians living transparent lives. I'd volunteer if I thought I could actually get elected on a progressive independent platform.
It's very likely that he can't admit it. He's probably agreed to a non-disclosure agreement of the arrangement. This is good for Oculus because it allows them to present a unified customer service and storefront across all territories, but it does also mean that he can't explain why they're charging what they are. This is good for the Australian partner because they can't be blamed for the higher pricing. This is bad for both Oculus and the partner because they can't take credit for providing what amounts to better consumer support and warranties.
I can't say I'm a fan of it, but it'd be very difficult to regulate against. I can't imagine a sensible solution. Ban private imports completely except through registered companies? That's about the only way to stop that sort of thing, and it's *obviously insane*.
Logical inference. Two party preferred systems, like Australia, USA, and the UK (ugh theirs is such a *mess*) all have minor parties that never get votes because the major parties have the biggest media presence. If you think that people would put more effort into researching where to put their $30 than they would their vote, you're optimistic. Voter apathy is well understood, and is prevalent in this country too, despite our more equitable electoral system than the other nations I mentioned. tl;dr: voters don't hear about minor parties, they don't vote for minor parties, they therefore wouldn't pick to support minor parties. Actually, I found some numbers that might illustrate my point. So Australia has a bit over [~15 million voters](http://www.aec.gov.au/Enrolling_to_vote/Enrolment_stats/). In the 2013 federal election, Labor got 33.38%, Libs got 32.02%, Nationals got 4.29%, Greens got 8.65%, and all the rest got 21.66% (inflated because QLD LNP got 8%, which they normally don't, because people confused them with the Liberals). [Source here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_federal_election,_2013#House_of_Representatives) and [here](http://results.aec.gov.au/17496/Website/HouseStateFirstPrefsByParty-17496-NAT.htm). I realise that this is following a traditional media environment, but that's how your system would have to start, too. So taking those numbers - 30 dollars per voter (D), 15M voters (V), and percentage of the vote (P), you can figure out how party funding might have looked after the last election. Labor - $150,210,000 ($150M). Liberals - $144,090,000 ($144M). Greens - $38,925,000 ($39M). Other - $97,470,000 ($97M), but this has to be divided between PUP, QLD LNP, Katter, all the independents, etc, etc. Suffice to say, very small numbers. A legitimately small party, like, say, the Australian Sex Party ([who got 0.61%](http://results.aec.gov.au/17496/Website/HouseStateFirstPrefsByParty-17496-NAT.htm), would have received $2.75M. You're not allowed to donate to parties privately, right? Those funds have to run the parties for 3 years, not just pay for their advertising in the 2 weeks leading up to the election. If you guess that 75% of the funding goes to renting offices, overheads, and advertising, then 25% is staff funds. Sex Party gets $680,000. Divide by three for years. Down to ~$225,000. That could maybe pay for about four staff at $56,000/year. How many seats did they run for again?
No challenge from me here. You've already had my thoughts about the straight answer bit, but the currency and tax ambiguities are certainly unacceptable.
All handled by local companies. There's an Australian branch for all of Microsoft, Sony and Nintendo. But generally, for most consumers, it doesn't matter - they buy from local retailers, and the retailers have to uphold the warranties themselves. It's based on who makes the sale to the consumer, not where the good originally comes from. Often this means that local retailers will have connections with manufacturers to effect repairs that go beyond retailers' capacities (though some, like EBGames, do have repair techs that can handle it in-house). The most interesting precedent is, unfortunately, still afoot. [Valve is being not just investigated but actively sued by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission](http://www.kotaku.com.au/2015/10/valves-court-showdown-with-the-accc-delayed-until-march-2016/). The issue is with Valve's refund policy not complying with Australia's requirements. I'm aware that Valve significantly revised that policy late in 2015, but it's still going to be fascinating to see how it pans out.
That sounds nice, but I bet local prices are far more competitive than they used to be, too. It's often only a matter of 10-20% for me to purchase local rather than through Amazon these days, outside of special sales.
I'm glad you didn't take my tone the wrong way \^_\^. gg.
Well, that's a very good reason to not have comments autoedited. If you're correct, I can't argue with that. I still question the usefulness of the rule on a fairly sensible subreddit like this, though I can also see counterexamples coming up (esp. re: certain circlejerk parody subreddits).
Somehow I did not know this. That's really helpful. Thanks for linking.
The second one.
Upside - We get reminded to imagine the world more complexly. Downside - ???
Being reminded that other peoples with different cultures are a thing that exist and cohabitate with us shouldn't be cause for annoyance. It should be a source of pride that we can continue to coexist without warring or killing each other. It's proof that humanity has advanced.
Facebook (USA), Facebook (Aus), Oculus (USA), and Oculus (Aus) are four separate companies. None of them can be used interchangeably. As far as I have determined, we're purchasing through Oculus (Aus). That's why we pay GST even though the orders are below $1000. As such, any action by the ACCC would be limited exclusively to mediation with, investigation of, and action against Oculus (Aus). Note that they're not formally called those names; I just can't be bothered finding out the precise titles.
&gt; The truth is i've been playing video games for 25+ years and i'm really not that good at any of them. And that's okay. Games are hard. They're exceedingly complex and require very specialised skills that almost never come up unless you're a combat pilot or something like that. If you enjoy games the way you play them, that's good enough for me. &gt; Playing people online isn't any kind of game at all. This is just about true for all videogames. They fall into two categories: games which let the player who's played the most win by giving them upgrades/unlockables, and games which are more skill dependent and the most skilled (read: practiced) player wins. That's all there is to most games. Since I realised that (with SC2's help, actually), most multiplayer games haven't interested me at all. I play boardgames now.
The OP's comment was that StarCraft II pulled back the curtain. It pushed high-level gameplay mastery into the spotlight, and made ranked multiplayer the core of the game. Arcade is dead, and the campaign is widely panned as somewhat fun but gimmicky. The ranked ladder play *is the game*, and most people can't handle that.
I don't believe that an RTS that fulfils the criteria you have set forth could succeed. I'm not even sure it could exist. There's no way to keep macro/micro and yet diminish APM influence. You can't have meaningful decisions to make that also can't punish you for mistaking your choice. There are too many contradictory goals there; something has to give. As an aside, auto-aim FPS would become more about positioning and weapon selection. Obviously you couldn't add it to an existing game; that breaks that game. Instead, think about a new game designed to work around that function. Slower-moving shots. More teamwork required to pin people into place so your slow shots can hit them. Weapons with pros/cons. Honestly, it sounds like you could import some functions from Fighting games, like zone control and countering, and you'd have a fun autoaim FPS game that has a very high TTK.
And? Don't pester people just because you might know who they are.
&gt; Its so fucking bleak. This is the downside to having a government that isn't as structurally ~~corrupt~~dependent on external money as the American government - you can't do shit to change politicians' minds. Lobbying just about doesn't exist. We have the same kind of media domination by the two major parties as there is in America, so even though our system gives much more chance and power to minor parties, they're never going to overtake the big two. We basically have to wait for all the old people to ~~die~~retire from office before we will have anyone sympathetic to our modern needs. The other half of the problem that wasn't mentioned by the guy you responded to is that our country is fucking ENORMOUS. It's the same size as America, with one **sixteenth** the population. Wiring it all up is astronomically expensive with very limited returns. As such, the private sector isn't going to do it.
I suppose one could read your name and find ambiguity as to whether you are a shredder who is also a cunt or whether you are a shredder who exclusively shreds cunts. I'm not pleased about the sentence you had me write. If only for the sake of my own peace of mind, please consider a more sanitary username.
From what I can tell, not all the spells/monsters are there in the SRD. So you could include those, but not the rest. Which is super, super unhelpful.
I appreciate your insights. I think the market is significantly different now to how it used to be, and I don't think that D&amp;D 5E's gameplay system is really good enough to warrant being turned into a plethora of D&amp;D-like systems. Not to mention, those games have had no issue being created under the 3E OGL. Nowadays, game design is a much easier field to enter than it used to be, and I'd be surprised if reskins of D&amp;D 5E do any better than any non-derivative titles. I guess it's not at all a bad thing that there's now an OGL based on a limited SRD for 5E, but I find it difficult to imagine any significant outcomes.
[Got you covered, mate](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/lsGIFt_S41A/maxresdefault.jpg).
30/100. 34/105 if I can include those extra 5. I think I've watched about half as many shows as you, by a very quick scan of your MAL, so I guess that's about right?
You're mostly right, but my computer does this in realtime for 720p stuff and even most 1080p stuff. My media PC overheats after an hour or two of 1080p though haha, so it is going to consume quite a bit of power. No more than running a modern game on high settings, though.
Nonsense. This is pay to **play**. Want to use modern weapons that haven't been in the game for years? Better sharpen your scythe because you're gonna have to farm like a peasant whose Baron is holding your wife and children hostage. A weapon without a stance is barely a weapon at all. This needs to be baked in, and unlocked as you rank up weapons of the same class.
The pace of releases is great, the content of releases is awful. I will never use a published adventure. I will use setting sourcebooks. But I'd prefer to see new settings, or uncommon ones like Dark Sun. Forgotten Realms, Greyhawk, etc, don't work for me at all.
This is still damaging for the ABC, but the scope has gone from 'potential ministerial interference with public broadcaster' down to 'mistreatment of an employee'.
Nothing about coop or arcade in this feedback... :(
It sounds like he shouldn't have consulted a case manager, he should have consulted a lawyer.
That's really untrue, though. They *love* funding roads and make big claims about businesses and innovation. I think the real difference is that the Libs just don't feel the need to own it at the end. For some businesses that makes sense, but for infrastructure that's too expensive for the private sector to compete with, it's madness to sell it off. Actually, you got it right at the end: privatise the profits, and socialise the costs.
Get it to 30 for Mastery before you ditch it.
As required, I have three comments for you. Firstly, you clearly don't understand pacing *at all*. Giving Overlord and Fate/Zero S2 both 10/10 but giving FLCL a six? Gah! On the other hand, you clearly respect the works of Shinichiro Watanabe (Bebop, Champloo, Sakamichi no Appollon), so you've got *some* taste. Actually, the nastiness from the first comment is just overflowing; you've got plenty of great shows in your top 10. That established, I've a question: what irritated you about Madoka Magica that kept it from your 10/10 list? Now, the helpful one. I see you've got Geass and Valvrave on your PTW list. One of those is melodramatic and pulpy but also works great when you take it seriously. One of those *does not*. Geass' first season at least is very well put together. I implore you to watch it when you're in the mood for warcrimes and vengeance mixed shockingly well with a highschool daily life. Valvrave's shlocky mashup of supernatural, political, and science fiction doesn't come out nearly so cleanly, so go into it with an open mind and expect some hilariously bad scenes here and there and you'll be alright.
You scum, [wasting my time](http://puu.sh/mwJm3/d21f7d522b.png). Watch Star Driver. It may seem like I'm trolling you here, but it's got an incredible team behind it, including Yutaka Nakamura. Come for the sakuga, stay for the sparkle.
I'm guessing by your scores for NGE and its films that you preferred the original and are dissatisfied with how the films are diverging from the original story. I know, it's different, but perhaps consider giving 3.0 a rewatch. It's so similar to the last few episodes of the television series in tone and theme, it's just the setting that's shifted. Could you perhaps share your thoughts on why K-On!! is worth a 9, but Hibike! Euphonium is worth a 6? On the other hand, I congratulate your decision to slam Code Geass R2. Man that was a trainwreck.
Thanks! I have a comment somewhere in the thread. I'd appreciate some comment \^_\^. Wizard Barristers had some amazing visuals. That opening sequence with the train was just great. But man, it fell apart super fast. I'm fine with people disliking Attack on Titan; it does what it does and it's not going to apologise to anyone for that. It's fine if you don't get into the pacing. I'm glad you watched it to the end! That's more than I expect when people dislike shows. Your Kill la Kill score, however, is a bit of a strange one. That show really clicked with me. Every aspect of its production was amazing (fourth episode notwithstanding). The characters had clear growth, the plot twisted and turned like a python trying to escape its handler, and the symbolism was so thick you could drown in it. I would have thought it'd the sort of thing that you'd enjoy a little more, I guess is what I'm trying to say! Definitely consider Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex to be a more complete version of Psycho-Pass. It has a somewhat unique feature in that half its episodes are "Stand Alone", being individual stories that don't connect to the rest of the series (much like most American cop shows), and the other half are "Complex" which tell the serial story of The Laughing Man; a serial cyber-terrorist. It will keep to its tone much more faithfully than Psycho-Pass did, while exploring some similar themes. Note that it's a lot less 'arthouse' than the film which you score 7/10.
Thank you kindly for your inspection! None of the other people I responded to gave me comments in return, so I am extra-thankful to you. &gt; The anime you enjoy are heart-racing with a grave tone to it. I think that's a fair way to put it! I can enjoy some silliness or melodrama too, but they've got to be the sauce on top of the serious conflict. Code Geass might be a good example of that. &gt;What really made me surprised is that F/S Night: UBW was only an 8 and not a 9. I had some issues with the pacing and the amount of monologuing. Given that I'd seen it all before in FSN Fate (the Deen one), the old UBW movie, and again in F/Zero, I thought it felt quite padded out. It had some *incredible* sequences, though, so I still rate it highly! &gt; Although you have dropped Aiura which is my favorite anime, so I am a bit sad. I have recently reacquired it and hope to make my way to the end when I am feeling up for a series of shorts. It was beautiful to look at! I honestly become easily very critical of slice of life, so sometimes I just have to let it sit for a time and come back when I'm in the proper frame of mind. In fact, I have dropped many shows not because I disliked them, but because I was not ready to watch them. Samurai Flamenco is one I intend to revisit, for example, because I consistently hear it praised here on /r/anime. Most often, though, I drop things because there's enough great shows in a season that I am hooked on, and I don't have the time/patience to watch everything as it airs. &gt; I do urge you to watch Knights of Sidonia [...] As well as Battleship Yamato These are things my friends tell me constantly. I think they must be good recommendations! &gt;The World God Only Knows I have heard of this work, but know little. I had thought it a kind of harem-y drama, like Oregairu (which I also did not sync up with). What aspects of it impressed you enough to recommend it?
I just started because of this comment (one ep down!), and yeah, the setting definitely plays up Gundam-y themes of spacenoids vs. earthnoids (vs. marsnoids). But it's also a very Western show, focusing on characters who play very minor roles in the overarching conflict. It's pretty far from the standard Gundam soldier/civilian/politician story viewpoint. There seems to be three main threads: the Titans-like UN woman investigating Belter insurgence, the Ceres-based belter cop, and the Earther who works for a mining corp. Still, audio mixing issues aside, it seems good!
It's aged pretty poorly and was always made for kids, but yeah, this is the correct answer. Regardless of spinoff/series, the protagonist Zoid, the Liger, looks very much like a BuCUE/the LaGOWE. Just don't expect the political thriller that modern Gundam is all about (when it's not about building and fighting).
Why's that? They have incredible benefits and very limited personal liability, even when compared to private CEOs.
Wow. I really really wish the StarCraft servers did that.
From what I saw, I think all Manato's heals are touch-based. Good luck doing an MMO-style tank and spank fight when the priest has to be hugging the tank the whole time.
ZDNet have also put out an article on this - http://www.zdnet.com/article/61-agencies-after-warrantless-access-to-australian-telecommunications-metadata/ I do not understand why anyone thought this would be a good idea. Clearly it's entirely possible for these organisations to go and get a warrant through the court; it happened FOUR THOUSAND times in 2015. That's just shy of 11 per *day*. Is there really a benefit to reducing oversight on metadata? Is that benefit going to be worth more to Australians than their privacy? Ultimately, I guess it doesn't matter, because our system of democracy doesn't allow for such granular control over government.
&gt; This episode had some of the most intense pacing changes I've seen in an episode which on paper I would have said could never work. And that's why I didn't like **Higurashi no Naku Koro ni**. The tone would jackknife about with no buildup. Higurashi would suddenly explode into violence, then slowly pull back as the main character escaped it, and that just didn't work for me at all. What made it work here is that they built up to the high-tension scene relatively slowly, and then it all came crashing down. That's a natural tonal shift.
You're not wrong; that's definitely cheaper than doing more dynamic shots. It helps that the art is not the same kind of matte painting we're used to seeing in anime. But I think it worked as a relief to the tension that built and built during the goblin fight. While there was a little worldbuilding during that sequence, it was mostly trying to show the characters' reactions to the fight. Characterisation through action is something that's so rarely even attempted in anime, so I'm pretty happy with it in Grimgar. If anything, this makes me want more meaningful downtime in other shows, haha.
The one thing I was most disappointed about was that all the very fine character animation during random scenes in the first episode was really just because it was for the OP to reuse, and the second episode didn't show them moving with the same fidelity and attention to detail. Still, I think this show is a very welcome change of pace from the shiny shonen battle shows we're used to getting. I really appreciated the long insert song sequence which showed the characters dealing with it. I would have loved to see Haruhiro and Moguzo acting a little more shaken up, but on the whole, it was a great scene in a very well paced episode.
Uhm, it's not 'alleged' if it's been acted on by a watchdog.
Wait for them to be discounted down to American RRP? It's a fucking rip.
I don't really think it needs one. It'd be nice, sure, but no point in forcing it if there's no material. It's not like the cliffhanger was so bad; the show resolved all its main character arcs and while there's potential for it to continue, it wasn't anticlimactic. Edit: I'd probably prefer Kyoani try and make something *good* like it or Eupho again, rather than pump out junk like Myriad Colours Phantom World...
That's the [only definition of emetic](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/emetic) that I can find. Does it actually have a boardgaming meaning?
That is the worst goddamn character design I have seen in a looooong time. And I recently saw Mr. Bushido again.
That's optimistic. The age of ideological revolution has come and gone in the West. We'll do nothing so long as our standard of living doesn't falter. I will bet that sedition/terror/cybercrime charges for hiding online activity wouldn't even be a deciding issue for people voting in the following election.
Bushido was definitely more Quattro than Char. But man I hate the outfit and wig for this guy. He looks like a terrible Black Butler reject cosplayer.
It's not. It's called 'representative democracy'. I'm not aware of any nations which practice direct democracy. There are a handful of non-nation states (one in Germany and one in Sweden iirc) which do, but no nations.
Here's the [Epidemic card](http://boardgameblueprint.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/1-Epidemic.jpg). There are no rules in the manual for how to process this card beyond what's written on the card itself. &gt; The card you grab from the bottom of the infection deck is supposed to be discarded from the rest of the game. Does not 'discard' simply mean 'place this card upon the discard pile?' Is not the next step after that to shuffle the discard pile (which must now include the newly infected city) and place it atop the infection deck?
This sort of thing has happened to me in my game of ~~Risk:~~ Pandemic: Legacy. And I've only played January. We lost twice, and in both cases, all of our players (and one spectator!) agree that we played perfect games. The game is made by an evil person whose only design goal was to provide torment and suffering to his players. ^(That's what we concluded, anyway.)
Whoops! Still not used to owning Pandemic Legacy.
He saw this coming. He's okay with this.
Your answer also illustrates the extent to which markets are generally saturated in this country by the large retailers. If there's a Bunnings within 20 minutes and Masters are going to be wound up or sold, what the hell kind of chance does a startup retailer have? This is true for every consumer good in this country, just about.
The grunts are nice, but the GNZ-series villains… mmm~~
Not merely different staff, but largely external contractors. This includes for important roles like director, character designer, and key animator. This means the quality of their produced works can vary by significant degrees. For example, would you be surprised if I told you that the director for Sword Art Online is currently directing Erased?
**OverLord**. It suffered from the Sword Art Online problem: concept way cooler than the source material will allow. I wanted to see a dude roleplaying a skele-lich conquer the world with brutality while he treated his minions nicely. First two/three episodes aside, I got some levelling-zone sidequests instead. tl;dr I expected Code Geass: The MMO, got Sword Art Online filler, so it was my biggest disappointment of the year.
So, couple reasons, and something to say first: Before I get into it, mecha isn't really a sensible genre label. It's more like an aesthetic. Mecha shows are usually sci-fi, or drama, or thriller, or action, just like other shows. So if you dislike, say, Aldnoah.Zero's action/science fiction, you could go watch Gundam UC's war drama instead, then try Macross's action/music crossover, maybe check out Geass' theatrical thriller thing, or NGE's character drama/eldritch horror. Hell, some people (like MAL) call FLCL a mecha, so you could check out that insane surrealist comedy too. Anyway, what's appealing about the mecha tropes? Heaps of stuff. Here's a few: There's a lot of complex technical animation that accompanies the huge robots. They're sometimes rendered in great detail, which is impressive to see. So there's the visual aspect. Another is the scale of the things - they go between the size of cars, to the size of buildings, to, in rare instances, the size of the observable universe (thanks, GAINAX!). That's the sort of thing you don't normally see, so someone might get hooked on that. I mean, there's the whole action side of things, too. What good's a giant mecha if it's not gonna blow some shit up? This means we get to see weapons on a scale that's uncommon outside of mecha, we get to see choreography that doesn't make sense on the ground or for normal people, and mecha can be destroyed but the pilot can live, so defeat is a little more common in mecha narratives I guess? They also have their own set of aesthetic design tropes (distinct from tropes that are common in mecha shows). So, like, if you get why people might be interested in muscle cars, or motorcycles, or tanks, or military jets, or that new Louis Vuitton range, or that particular Russian architect, or that Renaissance painter... well, it's the same. There's lots of depth to the visual design, and plenty of people learn to love that. This is possibly my favourite reason: I've learned that mecha just *look awesome*. tl;dr all sorts of reasons. It's an aesthetic that shows up in lots of different genres that're attractive for their own reasons.
I've only done the first episode, and while I'm not sold on it even being a contender for show of the season, you're absolutely right: this is the most underwatched and under-appreciated show this season.
Seriously tho, OP, look at the [recommendations flowchart](http://i.imgur.com/q9Xjv4p.jpg) that Bot-chan links. Start at the top, and watch stuff you haven't seen before. Seriously. And just to make sure you see this (since I replied to Bot-chan, not you), here's a page: /u/doublejabs
&gt; The recent Rakudai kishi no Cavalry is nice. Seconded. I'd describe it as something like... halfway between Grisaia and Bleach? ...now that I think about it, you should watch [Grisaia no Kajitsu](http://myanimelist.net/anime/17729/Grisaia_no_Kajitsu). Intelligent and/or OP harem protag? Check. Harem? Check. Ecchi? Check-check-check. It's based on a VN that's on Steam now, too.
There was a third party piece of software to force SupCom/FA to multi thread properly. I forget the name though, sorry.
What if you only had one Forma, too? That'd change things up a bit...
Those are examples of mecha being an aesthetic that's draped over the existing conflicts and characters.
Sengoku Basara agrees.
Whoever did the foley for this show is killing it!
Best thing ever was when I paired Spellfencer's Drain Sword with the Dark Knight's Rage. 9999 x 5 for 3BP? Hell yeah.
I'm agreeing with you. The robot isn't the point, it's the (figurative!) vehicle by which the characters are explored and the conflicts are resolved.
The usual endgame build strat is to pick one spell and build around it. Do a max range/efficiency/duration build for Reckoning to do CC or something? Unfortunately, you'll never replace a Trinity, so I wouldn't build for heals. CC is the way to go, I think.
If they have Shadow Stalker's damage resistance adaptation mechanic I'll never kill a single one of them. ^(I s2g if anyone says its fine because their tonkor OHKOs Stalker I'll be mad)
Also Reco.
That's 2.5 hours a week if you work 5 days... that's ducking ridiculous.
15m pre-shift + 15m post-shift = 0.5h/day.
It's not through Orwellian intimidation that we got here, it's through Huxley-style apathy. Or to put it in Australian, "Nobody gives a shit."
One barrel, three receivers, waiting on BP... why isn't this shit tradable?
I'd love to hear more about Mason CJ's 'complete and total fuckwit' test. That sounds like fun reading.
Without the singing. God that's such an improvement.
Never launch a Nightmare while hunting Acolytes. They spawn on any mission on the node so just do the regular map.
Try buying it local in Australia. $80AUD!
The ethical way to do this is quite simple. - If you get a mod you don't want: - Then If you're the host, ask if anyone else did want it. - If they do, stay with them for the run. - If they don't, ask them to leave. - Then leave yourself.
http://warframe.wikia.com/wiki/Serration should help you find where to get a few copies of this. I recommend against fusing your Damaged one more than needed to get the regular version. Fusion Cores are a little trickier, but generally people still recommend Tier 3 Excavation maps. And just in case you never found this out, the tiers correspond to the stated level of the map. Enemies at 1-15 are T1, 16-25 T2, and 25+ T3.
This is the correct answer. And man is it annoying.
They will spawn in the nightmare map, but they will *also* spawn in the non-nightmare version of that map. I just had one spawn in the Shadow Debt 4 I was helping a friend run. It's just the node that determines it, not the mission type.
Really. I'm 100% sure. I kept clicking the Nightmare node, then going "wait no I don't want to die", cancelling the mission, and going to regular mode. They still spawn. Dark Sectors have no non-Dark Sector modes. Extrapolating from my experiences, all non-special maps will still spawn them. So while Quests, Operations, Alerts, Sorties, Invasions, Infestations and Syndicate Missions will all spawn the Acolytes, so too will the regular versions of those nodes.
Frankly, 1/25 isn't that bad compared to what we normally get, especially considering the guaranteed drop.
Even thought the Origin OVAs are very faithful adaptations, they feel far inferior to the manga. Something about the pacing not translating? I dunno. Truly incredible graphic novel.
Guaranteed mod drop. 100% chance of rolling on the table. Most enemies have a 2.5% chance.
How many beers did you slam before writing that?
I could have sworn that our Tenno powers were meant to be able to penetrate Sentient-based defenses, but no, apparently we're just as weak as our Warframes to them.
The speed is the only reason I still play. The shooting is okay, the swordplay is alright, but the jumping is *amazing*.
Your experiences are within the possible results of the experiment. In short, you were just unlucky. You cannot expect anecdotes to perfectly align with probability. I've spoken with or seen the evidence from at least two independent dataminers who agree that the correct rare acolyte mod drop rate is 4%.
If you've programmed RNG, then surely you understand how to code a system to generate a random number between 1 and 1 million, and if it's above or below a certain threshold, to do an effect. This is how DE's system works (though I'm not sure what numbers they actually generate; I just did the math on the datamined values which often go to 5 significant figures).
If it is at all of interest, I have made the post in /r/warframe properly. You may find it here. https://www.reddit.com/r/Warframe/comments/438b4v/theorycrafting_probability_and_rng_determining/
Thanks kindly. I hope it can be of use to you somehow.
If I roll a fair, six-sided die a dozen times, it is possible (though unlikely) that I will roll twelve consecutive ones. That does not preclude the die from being fairly balanced. I said it to you in the test thread, but anecdote does not invalidate probabilities. Otherwise, I'd have to buy a new d20 every time I have a bad session of D&amp;D. However, I will say it's theoretically possible that there are bias systems that prevent players from acquiring large amounts of rare mods. I would have expected the dataminers to have discovered it, but even so, it's possible that it exists. However, your anecdotal evidence does not prove that DE's loot distribution is fundamentally inequitable.
You scrolled to the bottom, obviously past the bolded, italicised, all-caps word 'conclusion', then complain about tl;dr?
&gt; Also it always simplifies to N = (log(1-C))/(log(MRS)) for people who like shortcuts. That looks very much like what I'd drawn on my shower wall, now that you mention it... Thanks!
Excellent introduction to most of the systems of the game. I think the one thing you didn't mention might have been mod fusion, which is frustratingly poorly explained in the game itself. Still, great job, and I'd watch more videos.
Please express your frustration in a more constructive way in the future unless you want to experience a similar welcome.
Where do we watch this?
That was unbelievable. Wow. Queensland... *please* don't elect this man's party.
On the other hand, I know two people in Perth with Vives! You're not wrong about how mind-bendingly expensive it is, but some people are definitely game.
You mean that thing that Abbott did? Tripled the deficit in his first year in office?
Whoa, dude, slow down. That much top-tier anime will desensitise you to all the mediocre stuff! Seriously, Evangelion, Utena, Aria and FMAB are all pretty much *the* top entries in their respective genres.
If you enjoyed it, keep an eye out for the other works by Shinichiro Watanabe. Those include **Cowboy Bebop** (space action/drama), **Kids on the Slope** (60's rural japan jazz drama), **Samurai Champloo** (samurai action/comedy), and **Space Dandy** (space comedy/bizzare experimental multigenre mashup).
&gt; People who love suffering should watch this. It was WIXOSS that showed me that I enjoy suffering. It was great. Season 2 was awesome! *Nobody* got what they wanted, even the villains!
Good choices. I see you're doing Kill la Kill at the moment, which is also phenomenal. Keep going with it, even if the early episodes weird you out a bit. You've really gotta get up to about 10-13 to decide if you want to keep going. Ghost in the Shell's television adaptation, GitS: Stand Alone Complex, is ludicrously incredible. I've never seen such a realised cyberpunk science fiction setting before, or since (though some have come close). It's paced quite slowly compared to the film, so it really gives itself the time to explore some of the headier conceptual themes.
I don't know if I could call Shinsekai Yori 'great'. I'm certainly very glad I watched it, but the visual quality and the pacing are... inconsistent. It's quite unlike almost anything else I've seen. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it, but any praise I give always seems to have caveats...
Whoarriors is just... unbelievably awesome. Kyoto Animation is so damn unfair. Have you seen the Evangelion 1.0 + 2.0 one by the same person? Just as amazing. [RadioAkshun by IleiaAMVs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rMcBwbZbKM). *Warning: Enormous spoilers for those two films.*
So, reckon this is finally a HG Zaku kit that surpasses the HGUC F2?
Just set the playback speed to 2x. It's what I do for almost all YouTube stuff these days so long as I'm viewing on desktop.
Man... if you're gonna commit a crime against such a huge organisation, at least make it one you can retire on. It's so not worth the (huge!) risk just for a year or two's salary.
School shootings in America are so common now that they don't even make my country's news (Australia). Why is talking about banning autonomous weapons sad in light of a sick or evil person carrying out a shooting? Do you think an autonomous weapon might be a helpful tool to prevent shootings like these?
We also have the [progressives party](https://www.australianprogressives.org.au) and the [secular party](https://www.secular.org.au). I'm glad these people are all engaging with the system,but the deck is so stacked against new parties that I wonder if there's any real point to running.
To quote myself, two comments ago: &gt;unless they steal them from an advanced nation. Yes, ISIS could do this. But then again, they could also do this with drones and with advanced tanks. Really, we should never invent a weapon unless we are prepared for it to be used against us.
I tend to use MTG's colours. They each have philosophical backgrounds, and help inform the goals of the characters much more than saying they're good or evil.
There is apparently no universal, comprehensive definition for what is included in the 'date'. Lots of software uses only the numerical date, but there's just as many word definitions that include the day of the week.
One day I'll actually write up what I understand the colours to mean, and how I use them to create random characters (or inspire my own player characters).
Honestly, the Greens are the closest remotely successful party to that ideal.
Yes, that is what I mean. Really, the best outcome would be if everyone switched to using YMD dates in all situations. It's so much more relevant!
Wh- how the hell did those tools get TSA approval?! Nice HGUC Mk-2 though \^_\^
This clip makes me feel like I'm watching Fear &amp; Loathing again. It's nowhere near as good as Frontier Psychiatry for me, though :(
Why did they accept the ads in the first place? If they don't want political speech on their trains, well, that's their prerogative, but accepting and then reneging upon a contract looks pathetic. I imagine a board member or director used their influence to have the advertising department withdraw the ads because of their own political leanings.
For the record, I would gladly watch any of those three! In fact, the second one [almost exists](https://youtu.be/AcEY2EcQeZY)... Even though I think they're 'boring' answers, that's just because they're predictable. Pretty sure Ghost in the Shell was animated not by Bandai, but by a Production I.G. team. I doubt the original (1995) team still exists, but the guys who did Psycho-Pass are pretty stellar, and character design quibbles aside, the GitS Arise OVAs looked good, too. Goood pick for writer, though.
It's called Gundam Thunderbolt, and you're welcome ;) Seriously though, what features would you keep from Bebop, and what from Gundam? Honestly, I didn't find Bebop to be very special, though it had good direction (Watanabe) and an excellent score (Kanno).
Honestly, this is a pretty tough question. I gave all the 'obvious' answers above because it's hard to think of original teams who'd make a great show that isn't in the common veins. But, there are a few names I'd love to see attached to a Gundam series. Tetsuro Araki, who directed Death Note, Attack on Titan, and Kanaberi of the Iron Fortress. He's awesome - melodramatic, bombastic series are his *thing*. I'd love to see his dramatic flare show through in a Gundam series. Can you imagine the cinematography that came from his Attack on Titan storyboards, but for Mobile Suits?! Obviously, bring along his studio, WIT, to animate. Here's one you might not expect: Makoto Shinkai. He's a big fan, and has been since he was a teen. Although he's known for his sappy romance dramas like 5cm/second and Garden of Words, Shinkai *knows* Gundam. He even wrote the bonus editorial in the end of one of the Origin volumes! He'd be able to bring a sincere, personal touch to it. And his visuals are just unbelievable - if you haven't watched Garden of Words, well... [here's the PV](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udDIkl6z8X0). It's a 40 minute OVA, go do that! Naturally, you'd want Comix Wave, Shinkai's studio, to produce if he were leading. Even giving some of the lesser Gundam staff a leading role might work well. Kenji Nagasaki (GBF, Classroom Crisis) can put together a damn fine show, for example. He pairs very well with Yuuki Hayashi (music for GBF, CC). Another might be Gorou Taniguchi (Gundams X, G, also Geass). There are lots of great studios, and I'd be thankful for any of their takes on Gundam. Kyoto Animation, TRIGGER, Mappa, SHAFT... just to name a handful. Now that I think about it, getting Star Driver / Captain Earth's team from BONES would be pretty rad, too! Takuya Igarashi directing (Star Driver, Soul Eater), Yutaka Nakamura animating (Sword of the Stranger; everything good for 20 years), and Shigeto Koyama on design (Star Driver, Heroman, Big Hero 6)!
Last time I had my players do it, I had them roll 2d10, used that to determine a major and a minor Colour, and then gave direct advice on how that might look. I can talk about the ethics of MTG's Colours for hours, and I might have done that to them :P That said, I usually use this stuff just for me, or just for NPCs. There's no 'detect Colour' spell, haha. Since there's apparently a little bit of interest, I might try and write something up over the weekend if I get the chance.
I think Blue-Red and Blue-Green are the toughest combinations to explain. The other opposite combinations (White-Black, White-Red, Black-Green) are way, way more straightforward. Blue-Green is especially challenging to define!
It's a [Three Stooges reference](https://youtu.be/tyGWEcqY96E). Really, Zoidberg makes a Curly noise, since Curly made that noise at least in 1958.
Very likely, but my 3am googling said the TV series first aired around 58.
You mean a marginalised ethnic minority is dissatisfied by a [non-consultative, patriarchal imposition of lifestyle management](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northern_Territory_National_Emergency_Response)? No, say it ain't so! How do we fix this? On paper, it's easy. In reality, very hard. More racial diversity in parliamentarians would help representation, but this is largely impossible with regional representation that isn't proportional. Disadvantage can be more effectively mitigated by consulting with minority groups to determine what their needs are and how to address them. However, this is arguably expensive and possibly unpopular.
I'd be offended if you called me a structural method of managing water levels, too. /s Seriously, ignoring the history of loaded terms is a good start at ignoring the history of abuse suffered by arguably every non-white non-hetero non-male demographics. Nigger and chink and faggot and retard are all offensive for the same reason that dyke is.
That might as well be a different country than the one I live in... there's so much cultural variation in even such a tiny country as ours that it's difficult for me to identify with most of the 'australian'-specific posts you see around the place.
Taurus is a mythological bull and a constellation. A torus is the geometric shape of a doughnut. \^_\^
The main reason I'm suspicious of government business selling ad space to political parties is that it would be very easy to sell the ascendant party cheaper advertising than the aspiring parties. I *really* don't have a problem with the ad as is, just a concern in principle.
I'm amazed that this kit isn't popular enough to get a regular HGCE release. It's such a cool design.
Completely unnecessary, just like everything this man does. I'd find it very difficult to be upset if he were to have a crippling accident that forced him to resign from his position.
Yes, OP should definitely pay a lawyer to answer their civics homework.
Maybe I'll just say the world has suddenly increased in gravity or air pressure, so everything is exhausting haha
Yup, I came away feeling the same. He's thoroughly unnecessary. The masochism element was played out by the end of the episode he was introduced! They could even have kept the whole "Seven Sins" motif just by including Noriko. Maybe he's there solely to keep us from immediately recognising her past as a kiznaiver?
Heh, my first thought was 'oh good, they're gone, we can acknowledge that the rest of us exist!' Obviously I am happier without, you know, millions of people drowning, but it sure can be frustrating...
Gambling. Boxing, races and cards are all tasteless ways to lose your money. Speculating in futures markets or realty (or art!) is widely accepted as desirable activity.
The DMG is quite nice... but otherwise, I agree. All the 5e books beyond the basic three are terrible if you don't like FR, or if you hate using premade adventures. And I happen to be both of those.
I disagree. Mechanics inspired by fluff are what make settings (and honestly most other RPG systems) worth playing. It's how the lore and themes get translated into the game you actually play.
I've never watched it in English, is that the way they translated it? In Japanese it's 'Daga... otoko da.' which I'm always seeing translated as 'But... he's a guy.'
Pretty much. It's the deception and the conflict that, together, make too many people feel uncomfortable. They either can't keep track of who's doing what or don't want to have to accuse each other of things. Stupid passive aggressive culture... we do love Splendor and Catan other games which have indirect competition.
I didn't call them terrible. I called them conditionally terrible, and then listed two conditions. As I meet both conditions, I disregard their value, whatever that may objectively be. I haven't even read them in full, because they're incompatible with my approach to DMing. I've had players use content from them, which has ranged from fine to approaching overpowered, but that's no different than the base books' content. I'd prefer to see a different style of book. Either original settings (or Dark Sun!), or another format entirely. I'm not necessarily asking for splat books, either; just more setting neutral stuff or more appealing settings. tl;dr they're terrible for *me*.
Hah, I agree that Kiznaiver was the best looking show this week, though that was direction and cinematography (and lighting!) moreso than animation. Hrm. Tough to pick between [Abe's Haifuri cut](https://sakuga.yshi.org/post/show/23443/animated-effects-fighting-haifuri-liquid-nozomu_ab) and [WIT's Kabaneri cut](https://sakuga.yshi.org/post/show/23407/animated-artist_unknown-creatures-effects-fighting) this week. I think I'd have to give it to Kabaneri, though that might just be because I'm actually watching that show. As much as I'm loving ReZero, the lack of polish on that fight scene really pulled me out of it. Keyframe to keyframe with what seemed like no inbetweens at all was quite frustrating; it gave the sequence a weightlessness that I didn't enjoy. I thought [last week's animation](https://sakuga.yshi.org/post/show/23328/animated-artist_unknown-effects-fighting-liquid-re) was much better. That move where she grabbed the flail's head and spun around it was kinda awesome, I have to admit. Though it really can't be called sakuga, Macross Delta had another very exciting sequence this week: the aerial duel between Messer and the Keith. 3DCG isn't really animated in the same way that sakuga animation is, but dang, it was a nice duel with some very excitingly shot cuts. Several consecutive itano circuses, and some great back and forth pursuit shots of both planes in the same frame. *Edit:* Someone uploaded [one of those cool cuts](https://67.media.tumblr.com/24662a39382dc9130e4f9c8d803c6bf1/tumblr_o8bp58wzu61s40tcxo1_500.gif) \^_\^
Oh, I also should admit, I gasped when I saw BONES' water shot from BokuHero, but on the whole the episode really didn't look that great.
Just how did you go from this: &gt; People with conditions incompatible with society should get rehabilitative treatment before anyone gets hurt To this? &gt; We should forgive (and hug!) sex offenders I realise you're trying to look out for your children, but you are not going to accomplish that by being absurd or disingenuous.
You may be interested in [this thought experiment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Negative_utilitarianism#The_benevolent_world-exploder).
&gt;In the 1958 article where R. N. Smart introduced the term ‘negative utilitarianism’ he argued against negative utilitarianism that negative utilitarianism would entail that a ruler who is able to instantly and painlessly destroy the human race, "a benevolent world-exploder," would have a duty to do so.[25] I can see enough arguments against this that I cannot support it, but it's fascinating nonetheless.
WHEN DID THEY CHANGE BOSSES TO HAVE 2.5% DROP RATE FOR RARE RESOURCES? I SWEAR I USED TO GET OROKIN CELLS FROM RUK ONE IN THREE RUNS AND NOW IT'S LIKE PULLING TEETH ALSO I NEED SEVEN THOUSAND OXIUM AND NINE THOUSAND CRYOTIC AND I DON"T WANT TO GRIND IT OUT :(
Hah screw that! I got spoiled on like episode ~160\* of Naruto before I started watching, and I remembered it and was reminded about it every time I saw the relevant character. I got up to that episode and I knew what would happen. \* - (technically episode 30 of shippuuden but I skipped some filler in the original series)
This is way, way better than the original television version. I can see why they cut it, but dang, the opening and mid-song solo go so well together.
Do you have a source, or links to the cosplayers' page(s)?
C'mon man, it's not cool to dismiss this OP's sincere thoughts just because you didn't like the show. You could have talked about the problems you had with it or how you didn't like the things that OP did. There's plenty of ways to be constructive even when you think the show sucked. I can tell you all about how GBF Try was terrible and how G-Reco was great if you want an example.
Other way around. The Minovsky reactor is a miniaturised nuclear fusion reactor. It's a tiny star running inside that grunt mobile suit, which is why especially in later UC stuff like Unicorn, MSs do the most damage when they explode. The power output must be far greater than the fission reactor inside Freedom. But the beam weapons in UC need to do some special nonsense involving hyper-dense Minovsky particles to work, so they might be less efficient. If anything, Cosmic Era has insanely magical batteries and ultra-low energy beam weapons. Super efficient. You could recharge Impulse to full with a green beam from a ship in seconds! No, the best CE tech is mirage colloid, which is a low-energy I-Field that also allows cloaking. Or maybe a positron beam. That's an antimatter beam, and Strike had one of those from like episode 2, running off it's battery for at least a half dozen shots. If you want the best of both worlds, put a CE beam weapon onto that Zaku, drape it in mirage colloid cloaking, and watch it smash any contemporary UC gear.
Hah! I don't have the platform to play it, sadly :P
Sigh... screw your country and its awesome cheap games. They're all double to triple here down under :( Good recommendations though. I'd add **Coup**!
The final round is plenty of fun, but worth almost no points. You can be first coming out of second round, and almost always win even if you score nothing at the final quip.
[GN-X IV from 00's A Wakening of the Trailblazer](http://gundam.wikia.com/wiki/GNX-803T_GN-XIV). That thing was very sexy, and had some amazing attachment weapons. It's never had a kit, though it did get [a robot tamashii figurine](http://gundamguy.blogspot.com.au/2012/01/tamashii-web-shop-limited-robot.html).
Why have you built two Dark Swords?
Looks like they're pulling back on the scifi/cyberpunk themes and just putting in American-appealing details and themes. I'm a bit disappointed. Cool to have a black main character, though, and the parkour looks nicer.
[Fantasista Doll?](http://myanimelist.net/anime/15883/Fantasista_Doll) or maybe [Day Break Illusion / Phantom Piercing Sun?](http://myanimelist.net/anime/17651/Genei_wo_Kakeru_Taiyou) Or any of [these](http://myanimelist.net/featured/1132)?
Then surely you see how comments like: &gt;Fucking boomers need to die already. and &gt;[…] as long as it stops those cunts fucking with my generation's future. are deeply consistent with 'fuck you got mine?' I didn't say you exemplified it to be mean, but because it does appear from your comments that you believe it. I appreciate that it's a frustrating political situation for you right now, but you ought to be a little more cautious in how you choose to vent that frustration publicly. It can make you appear different than you wish to be perceived.
I see someone's been watching [Power Rangers: Trains Edition](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5fbiTFJKYY).
Hm. Letting FSN Shinji take the lead would be weird.
Well, let me know when they do it.
Are you suggesting that the world might possibly safer under Mr. Trump?
4e's Dark Sun Campaign Setting.
I'd just like to point out that the Sides didn't have voting rights. Their governors were appointed by Earthnoids. The Federation kept military garrisons there to enforce whatever laws they felt like passing, too. Spacenoids had no say in it, and would be arrested/shot if they disagreed. Spacenoids didn't have representation, or autonomy. That would be a failing to provide the [well-established human right of self determination](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-determination). Yes, the Zabis siezed upon this resentment and turned it into genocidal fascist nationalism, and yes, Deikun was preaching a kind of theocratic/transhumanist supremacist line even before that, but there were still legitimate complaints for spacenoids beyond 'screw da police'.
I don't remember it being quite that bad to be a spacenoid... but that is the start of the Terran Confederacy from StarCraft haha. All the criminals, radicals, and cyborgs got rounded up and put on colonisation ships and blasted into the black with no real expectation that it'd work... eventually it did and Earth goes 'great, but you're all still subjects' and attacks for taxation/domination purposes.
Here are the relevant tenets of reddiquette that you're breaking. It's not every comment of yours in this thread, but it contributes to your growing notoriety. &gt;Please DO: &gt; - Remember the human. When you communicate online, all you see is a computer screen. When talking to someone you might want to ask yourself "Would I say it to the person's face?" or "Would I get jumped if I said this to a buddy?" &gt; -Adhere to the same standards of behavior online that you follow in real life. &gt; &gt;Please DON'T: &gt; - Be (intentionally) rude at all. By choosing not to be rude, you increase the overall civility of the community and make it better for all of us. I've been downvoted here for expressing unpopular opinions, too, and it sucks, but you have been disregarding the requirements to be civil and conscientious, and so massive downvotes have flown.
The red one is the original high-spec machine, the 'regular' is a retrofitted antique that wasn't properly maintained or repaired. If you got a F1 car from 30 years ago that had been left in the open and tried to rebuild it with off the shelf gear (or whatever's laying around in your garage), you'd have a similar situation.
Since the original question has a pretty solid answer (see other comments here), I'd like to know whether people have found the Akodo Bushi to be as strong as the other main bushi schools like Bayushi Bushi or Hida Bushi. If so, how have you built the Akodo? Taken any alternate paths or important Advantages to get that strong? I fear I may die in my game soon, and might reroll in as an Akodo...
Doesn't mean shit. Only the marginal seats are worth talking about. Nobody cares if Liberal go from 12% lead to 8% in some WA seat. It only matters where seats might actually change hands. The rest is just for electoral historians or long-term thinking party officials. 2PP isn't very helpful when talking Senate, either.
She's the reason I preferred im@s-cg to Love Live!. Some of those moves are so smooth I'd swear they're mocapped and rotoscoped...
Emerald Empire would be the best place to look for how a ceremony might work. I don't remember the details but certainly it will be in there. As for the political side of things, marrying down might look bad for the greater family at first glance, but there are potentially serious benefits for both the individual and the clan. My Doji is pursuing a marriage into a Yogo vassal family, the Naganori. That's a big step down for her family, but she's the least favoured child, and the family is happy to lose her in exchange for closer ties to the Scorpion. She's personally pleased because it brings her closer to specialised knowledge about artifacts and shadowlands lore, so she can pursue her interests and better serve the Empire. Obviously the Naganori are pleased to get access to a proper Kakita-trained duellist, so they're happy to offer material compensation to the Doji, too. It all depends on the circumstances. I'm sure the Ide and Moto would find use for a specialised warrior who doesn't belong to the Unicorn... expect to be asked to do things in the name of the Hare that the Unicorn don't want to be seen doing (esp. re: maho-tsukai hunting). The Hare are close in proximity and relations to the Scorpion, too, so there could be plenty of not-public information to share. And the Hare, having a very large territory for a minor clan, might have specialised materials the Unicorn don't? All sorts of things beyond money and service could be offered.
War and Broken War were released six months ago, on December 3rd 2015. Zhuge is probably right at the bottom of what I'd consider an acceptable level of usefulness in a gun, and that was released on March 16th, three months ago. Sibear is virtually as difficult to acquire as most of the Prime items, requiring 30,000 cryotic plus other stuff. It came out on April 6, two months ago, and I have literally never seen anyone use it in the week or two I've been playing again. The passives are cute, and the reworks are still controversial, but they did get done. Quite a disappointing update pattern as far as content goes, though.
The Dark Split-Sword is at least a comfortable member of the Dark Sword family. They're all completely useless mastery fodder. It's extremely disappointing that they didn't come up with a weapon type-switching mechanic. It would have made sense to add to some other weapons, like the Chain Swords and the Sword/Shield set.
Really? It does 35 damage and has no crit stats. Gleaming Blight just adds status (and explosions, but lots of other weapons have those) which is not important. All the daggers can use Covert Lethality. What makes the Dark Dagger worthy?
Did you enjoy this build? I found the chest binders that sit over the GN drive to be very loose.
I suppose the Blight proc restoring energy is a little nice. All the daggers do 35-50 points of damage anyway, so I guess with the three 100% damage mods, it doesn't matter which one you use.
I don't recall asking for tips on which items to make. Any inference drawn is your own responsibility. I wanted to discuss the disappointing release schedule and seemingly random stats for weapons. I havent seen anyone else looking at the release pattern and noticing that it's been months since a non-bullshit Tenno reinforcement.
Why do you rank Tony over Turnbull? The former disregarded it, the latter spent years lying about it, then years sabotaging it from the top, and now he's back to lying about it.
Gundam Thunderbolt is a standalone short story that takes place off to the side as a part of the OYW. You don't really need to know anything to enjoy it. It's based off of the Battle of Stalingrad, I believe? It's said to be one of the darkest, grittiest stories in the Gundam setting, and it's a reversal of the good Feddie / evil Zeke setup. More practically, it's an ONA series put out by Sunrise's Studio 1, the premier Gundam department within Sunrise. It was released as 4x 17 minute episodes online, and now they're putting them all together with some extra footage to make a long theatrical cut they're calling 'Thunderbolt: December Sky'.
Well, there you go. All four are out, and later this year will be the theatrical, 'full' edition. I don't know what the date for that is, but I'm sure Google could help.
So with the Mag rework, her Polarise now drains shields and strips armour. Aside from regenerating my own shields, when is the correct time to cast Polarise? The way Polarise scales means it takes half a dozen casts to strip a high level Heavy Gunner or Bombard, so wouldn't I just be better off shooting those targets?
Remember that day, back in ol' '51, when New Zealand sunk into the abyss? Those were the days... yarrr...
Yup, me too. I've fixed her twice, I can't be bothered anymore.
Major updates have at least a week worth of advertising on the official website with daily teasers of what's coming. There's no way we get it this week.
Whoever thought this up might have been inspired by that crowdfunded campaign to send 1984 to every MP...
Except that Magnetise does almost no damage to anything, so what's the point of casting it? If I could kill something with a bullet faster than I can kill something with an ability, then what's the point of that ability?
What *valid* criticism! Such political rigour!
Would you support state-sanctioned killing of unauthorised entrants? No? How about torture? Because we have that one. Why not save a lot of money and exterminate the vermin rather than keep up the song and dance? Or are they people with human rights? You choose. They're one or the other. Don't fuck around with expensive half-measures like Nauru.
Is there a reason for that that you'd like to share? I wouldn't mind listening, if only to make your above comment worth anything.
Well, yeah, today they announced they're not doing a U19 as such, they're doing lots of little bits.
The battle balance point is fair, but I don't think Pokémon has any inherent charm that couldn't be duplicated by a decently written title with good, consistent art design. What do you think it is that makes Pokémon so charming aside from possibly rose tinted goggles?
Because if I didn't, all the people who care about me would be very sad, and making people upset is a terrible thing to do.
Go find these guys' Best Of 2CD album. It'll blow your socks off.
Vote Compass takes like 5 minutes... it's pretty close.
And? How did that accord with the discussion given here by Dr. Thomas?
Extremely professional video. I'm in love with this channel; there's depth and thought given to topics I've never seen considered before. The ones about apocalypticism in anime are amazing, too [[1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvvUiXc6m7U) | [2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5XeDQ6sb2g)]. I feel like having religious practices without having faith, or at least an implicit faith to underpin those practices, shouldn't be enough to call someone religious. If you go to shrines during festivals and financially support them because you believe in the kami of Shinto or the metaphysics of Buddhism, that's religious, but if you do the same because you enjoy festival food, fireworks, and how the temples support the poor, then that's not necessarily religious, even though you're interacting with a religious organisation. Certainly this distinction would be very hard to measure, especially in a society like Japan's where direct answers aren't so readily provided as in Western culture, but I think it's important in the context of anime and manga especially. Someone who cosplays as the Survey Corps or as someone from the SOS Brigade may appear to be acting in a venerative manner; cosplay as a form of worship (as mentioned), but without a *faith* in what they're doing, a cosplayer isn't giving a religious expression but an aesthetic one. It's just a sympathetic expression of ideals, visual, philosophical or both. I think that without expanding the definition of religious to include mere practice that isn't linked to the religion's theology, all the observed religious practice that arises from fandom falls away into just being non-spiritual, non-ethical cultural participation. To continue the discussion, would you consider a Stoic who reads Epictetus and Aurelius and meditates as Seneca did a religious person, even though there are no metaphysics involved with that philosophy? I don't think I would.
Yeah... ten to forty years instead of a few tense days.
Honestly, comic. ConRev spans over a decade of the characters' lives, with loads of side-characters who have individual arcs that underscore the main conflict. I strongly recommend persevering with it, even if the first episode or two feel very weird.
&gt; Actually Malcolm didn't get the job done Really? The NBN got pretty deeply fucked up, and more importantly, public discourse on the topic was *completely* derailed. I can't really think of a better example of Turnbull knowing he was doing the wrong thing for the country, but doing it anyway in order to further his own agenda.
&gt; I would agree with you that religious practices without faith are not evidence of religious behaviour, but rather evidence of cultural behaviour Cool, so we're mostly on the same page from the start. Just to go into it a little more: &gt; [Dr. Thomas] stated that his metric for religiosity in Japan was participation rather than belief, since most average joes (average shinjis?) would claim no religious affiliation. &gt; &gt;I would suggest that most of this [diety-believing] group of people would also claim to not be religious, as they do not actively act on their beliefs, and their belief lacks any structure. I think you're right, but this is exactly why participation is not a helpful measure for religious engagement: it does not distinguish between those who believe but do not practice except culturally, and those who do not believe but still practice culturally. Measuring the participation rate of traditional cultural practices doesn't seem to me like it has much to do with religion these days because there are so many non-religious reasons to participate. For example, I participate in Christmas and Easter, and I identify as a hard atheist. So I'm an anecdote to help establish my own view, heh. That said, I'm getting the feeling I'm coming at this with the wrong mindset. As Pause and Select said in the video's description: "Again, take this as a primer for parts 3 and 4 for the next two parts of Understanding Disaster, but this video can ultimately stand on its own." So it's not really trying to present an argument that anime/manga are the cause of religious behaviour, but that the behaviour of fans *can* be used as a lens to examine the broader cultural understanding of religion. Oh, and that last bit of my last post, which went over your head? Don't sweat it. It mostly goes over mine, too. But the ancient philosophy of ethics called stoicism is something which can have practices, and even has interpretative arguments approaching the style of theological debates, but stoicism is not considered to be a religion. To get a glimpse of this, see /r/stoicism. **EDIT:** Well, Dr Thomas has written a bit of a response that completely covers the view we're discussing. See it [here](http://www.thomasresearch.org/jolyon/interview-at-pause-and-select/).
The number one nerf I want undone is physx channeling nerf. I miss the glorious particle storm. Really, though, Radial Javelin and Pull LOS nerfs, and the recent mobility and exalted blade changes are all bullshit.
You are *almost* a very good propaganda bot.
&gt;and soon it'll be the next thing, and every single time without fail someone will pretend it's not the incrementalist totalitarianism it's clearly becoming Personally I'm worried about the *actual* totalitarian fascism slowly growing stronger amongst government departments. It has lead to more retention, surveillance, and censorship than ever before. So I don't really think it's worth busting out the red scare words for healthcare initiatives when there are more realistic threats to liberty and freedom actually coming from government.
Since you made me watch it again (or the OP at least), I still can't believe Mages and MAPPA worked to bring us Punch Line. :|
I'm going to guess that **Ushinawareta Mirai wo Motomete** is a VN adaptation about an astronomy club and the associated highschool drama. Maybe the pale-haired girl is a ghost or something? But wow, that was a generic OP.
You're not wrong, but it's still fair to say that, now, for contemporary audiences, D&amp;D (and LotR) is generic fantasy at its most plain.
Casual here, no idea why I'd go back into LotV ladder. Can't see the appeal, really, and this update doesn't help that. All that stress, only to get how much you suck reinforced? It's not like you can improve at skill based games by being smarter; the only way to improve is by active research and practice, and I'm a casual because I don't have or want to put the time in.
I admit that line went over my head. Is it because you could hang or strangle someone (or yourself?) with laces? So the joke is about minimising self-harm or abuse in the detention centres?
I attend a university that has different law classes for criminology students than it does for law students. I only know this because I took some non-legal criminology electives. I suspect the reasoning is to keep the crim kids out of the law classes to benefit the law students... it's definitely not cheaper to do it this way.
You may be interested to learn that the word you were looking for to describe a carefree trip is '[jaunt](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/jaunt#Verb).' Or you may just be annoyed at your autocorrect.
Because I am knowledgeable and conscientious, I'm unlikely to be fun? Or was this just a bait to see if I'd pounce on the incorrectness in that comment? Either way, it's discourteous and unconstructive to have said that to someone.
Why do I feel like that might have been one of you guys looking to stoke some controversy? That is the first comment that account made... slow week, huh?
The sensible way to ~~have your cake~~ watch anime and ~~eat it too~~ take notes or screenshots is to watch the episode through, then re-watch it immediately to take notes or make derivative works.
Possibly all self.posts are marked politics for the election? I bet it's something like that, anyway.
Are you suggesting that because I didn't use only short words, I'm being pretentious? Or perhaps I made a genuine mistake, and you're declining to point out to me where I should improve my communication? Either way, you're being unhelpful.
&gt;&gt; All that stress, only to get how much you suck reinforced? &gt;Except that is every game. Well, it's every *competitive multiplayer* game. I don't play those anymore, really. I play coop or solo games now that I realised I don't enjoy practicing and researching one game exclusively. And StarCraft is particularly stressful, I find. &gt;I think it comes down a proper matchmaking system. It should match you against other people your skill who also doesn't put the time in to practice and research. That's how you get good even games. That's true, which is how huge games like League and Overwatch function. But with SC2's small player base, there's not as much activity, especially at the lower, more casual ranks. I don't really see a future for SC2 beyond the highly competitive scenes (up to and including esports). It's doing okay at those levels, judging by the level of activity, but at casual and medium-core there's really not much hope for such a finely honed competitive game. Now, if SC2's Coop and Nova Ops modes were properly free... I'd be playing those for sure. But Nova is a quarter the price of my current flavour, Bravely Second, and it sure wouldn't hold up! And I got bored of Coop, because there weren't many maps and no in-map variation. Not enough content to rank up all the commanders on.
It feels like I got an achievement for being accused of being one of Oz's socks haha.
Then what you want to argue for is political party primary elections to allow members to decide who the leader is. It has nothing to do with who the head of state is.
I'm still watching it, but I'm really not impressed with the sort of squabbling they're calling debate. Those cuts to their staged person running a faux news-like segment are so heavy-handed that they're divisive, not productive. I think this is an important discussion but I think most people, especially the guest commentators here, are really getting wrapped up in their own circumstances rather than looking at the big picture.
Heh, yeah, I believe Gundam mecha are about half the height of Evangelions? It wouldn't be remotely fair to make them fight, for other reasons...
And thoroughly impotent...
I'd really have liked to see the ABC or someone else impartial host issue-specific debates maybe once a week where the relevant minister *and* the party leader show up and field audience questions on the topic. You'd have the specific knowledge (minister) and the authoritative position (leader) to be there and provide comprehensive answers. Digital rights, immigration, housing, healthcare, education, climate... They'd never agree to it, of course. It'd be like putting a fan down to blow away the smoke and reveal all the mirrors.
It should be aired on television, and advertised well in advance. Radio goes under the radar. Do they have the PM/Opp. Leader there, too? Because without them to provide authoritative answers to questions, there's not much point in hearing a minister avoid questions by just reciting broad policy objectives.
Ooh I hadnt noticed that that comes with the heat daggers... might not need that P-Bandai efreet after all
Intercepted? The fire was put out, if that's what you mean...
$158M is a very small amount. It's also not very generous because it's just reversing cuts made in the last 2 years by former Arts Minister Brandis. You're right, they can, but this is a very sensible thing to have promised.
The relevant part of the ring's wording is: &gt;*While wearing this ring, you can cast any spell stored in it. The spell uses the slot level, spell save DC, spell attack bonus, and spellcasting ability of the original caster, but is otherwise treated as if you cast the spell.* So it seems to me as though you can't use a ritual to skip cast time... but you can cast a ritual into the ring, then cast that spell normally on the way out. Casting mode isn't recorded by the ring!
I think you may have misunderstood me. You can't skip cast time entirely... but I think you can switch casting modes. Say I can cast Detect Magic only as a first level ritual. I can't cast it otherwise. It takes me 10 minutes + 1 action to cast, and does not cost me a spell slot. If I do so while wearing my Ring of Spell Storing, then the ring is now holding a first level Detect Magic spell, occupying one of the Ring's five slots. What I now have is the ability to cast Detect Magic, with the same level, casting ability, attack bonus and save DC as the person who cast it (me). Thus, I can cast Detect Magic as a first level spell, taking one action to do so. I do not see why you couldn't use a Ring of Spell Storing to hold a ritual-cast spell, and then discharge it as a normal-cast spell. The only recorded factors are level, spellcasting ability, attack bonus, and save DC. The casting mode is not recorded. The cast time is not recorded.
What's the Big Three mecha series? I would always have thought Macross is one of the biggest mecha franchises out there...
I thought that sequence was even better in the tv anime, where you could hear Ulquiorra's thoughts. The pacing was better, too; it made the blows feel much more powerful.
I do love the first season of GBF. Amazing stuff! I especially love the NGE reference with the fisheye shot at the end of the fight, hah.
You can draw a penis on the ballot paper, and still have your vote be counted. Just make sure you fill in the paper correctly. For the GREEN House of Reps paper, number all the boxes in sequence starting from 1. For the WHITE Senate paper, number either at least 1-6 above the line, or at least 1-12 below the line.
Is it correct that the location/rarity modifier table for equipment on page 95 is below the item description for the Farcaller, and not above the Black Market heading?
Is it correct that the "FLY" Glider on p100 has no maximum altitude? This appears to be the case for a number of subsequent vehicles, too. Is this intended to reflect no maximum altitude? If so, I was a little confused, as you've led with two limited altitude vehicles. I think that made more sense for Edge of the Empire, as those vehicles without a maximum altitude are spacefaring. It might be best to remove the limited altitude on the Windspeeder (as 50km up is halfway to space), and lead with the Skycycle. That would make it a bit clearer with minimium effort, I think. Otherwise, giving the other vehicles a max altitude, or inserting a note under the Airship Profiles heading might be appropriate.
This is amazing! I'm pretty excited to run or play in a game of this. I'll be badgering my D&amp;D group to switch to this at the next opportunity for sure. I think I'll still struggle with vehicle rules, but otherwise, this looks great. Your decision to give each specialisation its own ability tree was inspired, I think, and it reminds me of some of the best parts of 4th edition D&amp;D. I'm also pleased to see that magic doesn't rely on the finnicky Force mechanics in EotE. Yes, definitely will have to give this a shot!
The Armour description on p 94 mentions that armour 'can impact [...] more sophisticated spellcasting.' What's a spell, though? Is a Priest's Restoration a spell? Is a Paladin's Lay on Hands? What about a Monk's Spirit Blast, or a Ranger's Nature Vision? It's not clearly defined. I suspect the first two are meant to be spells, but not the last two. If they're all spells, then Paladins can't wear heavy armour. If none of those Spirit checks are spells, then Priests can and will be tanky as fuck. Which way did you mean it?
Well, you traditionally want Priests, Druids and Monks to wear silks or light armour, and you want Knights and Paladins to wear heavy, right? Spellcasting could just be all Magic and Spirit roles used to activate maneuvers or actions, but not regular skill checks. Paladin is your only problem then, so you just make it a talent or ability upgrade for them to remove 1-2 blacks against spellcasting from armour when using Paladin spells. So a beginner Paladin has to choose between heals and tankiness, but can fix it as they go along. If you were to implement that setup, your only remaining issue would be Spirit rolls to activate Abilities which are on Martial/other specs. I believe I saw some in Ranger and Dragoon. Those would have to become Melee, Ranged, Discipline, or other rolls.
&gt;I think it mostly feels like an attempt to make a table top MMO. &gt;Everyone has powers that have cool downs, and uses per day. Especially the fighter powers seem really "gamey" in that they move opponents in specific patterns and directions. There were DPS, Support, etc class-and subclasses Standard D&amp;D has all this. Long rest powers are daily, short rest powers are encounters. Spell slots are a daily mana pool. You usually end up doing the MMO jobs anyway in combat, and 5e still prefers the grid to TotM (less than 4th, I admit). Fighter Battlemaster kept all those fiddly options, too. Go check the second half of the video though, because Matt makes a great observation about the language used in 4th - it's not pretending it's not a game. Heaps of those mechanics came back in 5th, just rewritten using natural language to make it seem like it's describing a world, not a ruleset, even though they're very similar.
210M is better than 2-3Bn for a project we'd outgrow in a flash anyway.
&gt;Opposition Leader Mark McGowan said the Roe 8 extension contract would be renegotiated, freeing up a total of $1.7 billion for other projects. &gt;... &gt;But Mr McGowan today confirmed Labor would halt construction of the road, an essential element of the Barnett Government's $1.9 billion Perth Freight Link project. Given that there's over a billion in federal funding being thrown around, too, I'd say the 2-3Bn claim is not without basis.
Change 'citizens of middle eastern heritage' to 'refugees' and it's not outrageous, it's election winning.
Isn't it awful that the other guy could spawn his titan and do literally nothing about being spawnkilled? This may be a solid play by the victor, but it fucking sucks for the victim who was spawncored.
Skins have always worked with Prime Frames, so your comment doesn't give me any relief. And if you were right, then what, was I misusing my tennogen skins by using them on primes?
**Bubuki Buranki**
Mobile Suit Gundam Thunderbolt
**Katsuki Yuuri**, *Yuri!!! on ICE*.
Toshiyuki Tonoyaga as Katsuki Yuuri, Yuri!!! on Ice.
Yuusuke Kobayashi, Natsuki Subaru, ReZero
Silver Link
Isn't that the worst outcome? We still have to grind a fuckton and then from now on all infested missions are worse for farming other materials due to increased mutagen sample drop rate.
Wait it's 2cour? Awesome, I thought it was only gonna be one.
&gt;Sorry I'm kinda out of touch with anime. What is OVA? Because the other guy wasn't helpful enough, an OVA is an Original Video Animation. It's not aired on television and usually isn't a film aired in theatres, but is often released as a standalone or a bonus (like being bundled with a bluray). They can but do not always tie in to existing works. If it's released online, it tends to be called an ONA, an Original Net Animation.
Weird answer, but the second half of Heroman fits the bill.
4th sequel less popular than new hype is something that surprises you?
Looks bigger than a 1/48 Mega Size kit. That thing is almost certainly not Gunpla from bandai.
It's sort of the original. A Napolitan pizza is just the base, mozzarella, tomato and basil sauce, and parmesan on top. Done right, it's incredible.
Wow so helpful.
Yup, I read this update as 'nothing for Australians except faction intros and an execution.' Look, we have 50-500 players at any given time, and that's not an exaggeration; that's literally all. I have played Mixtape *exactly once*. I have never had a game of Colosseum, Pilot v Pilot, or LTS. Those modes *do not exist* for me because nobody is ever queuing for them. Live Fire will be the same. I really just wanted another general purpose map and two more Prime titans.
For those who are struggling to find the point of this piece (see: comments at the bottom), I've excerpted the parts that deal with the argument, rather than the evidence and context. &gt;Perhaps this kind of catastrophe – with all its serial incompetence and hypocrisy – is now what we now expect. Perhaps we have become accustomed to it. As political theorist Jodi Dean wrote about the mass global protests against the Iraq war, which were similarly ineffectual, “the message was not received. It circulated, reduced to the medium.” &gt; &gt;This systematic lowering of expectations may be a greater long-term danger than its immediate fruits. The placeholder currently occupying the Lodge – the latest in a sequence stretching back over a long decade – is a living reminder how difficult it is to draw a bead on a government’s short-term failures when they have no discernible long-term projects in mind. &gt; &gt;Everywhere, there is a sense that no one can imagine any higher task for government than managing an eternal present. As the Great Barrier Reef is pitilessly bleached to the colour of dead bones, Queensland’s government has been bending over backwards to accommodate a massive new coal mine. &gt; &gt;The inevitable consequences of fostering a dirty and retrograde industry, and the long slide in its price, are never allowed to intrude on the present. That’s because our politics seems incapable, for now, of imagining any future that differs, for good or ill, from whatever is given. &gt; &gt;If the centre of our politics is such a moral and intellectual vacuum, we can’t be surprised when all kinds of detritus washes in from the fringes. A One Nation candidate who believes that the world’s media fakes refugee photos is, in any case, not so jarring alongside the waving through of Senate inquiries into halal food, or the presumption of guilt that underpins the bipartisan commitment to keeping refugees in offshore prisons. &gt; &gt;The politicians who posture in opposition to Trump’s wall while supporting the maintenance of our version are just another indicator of the hollowness that reveals itself wherever we knock. &gt; &gt;They’re all artefacts of drift, of an absence of principle and imagination. Of something that may never manifest itself as a catastrophe, but instead as a steady and remorseless unwinding. A slow leak that can only be patched with belief. Scandal after scandal means nothing anymore, because that's all we expect. It's not a disappointment if we expect it; it's ordinary. As well, all we expect from politicians now is that they manage the present, not that they plan for the future. And so when politicians wring their hands and claim to have moral justification for their policies, but then don't act on those morals, we both know it's false, and don't care at all. Again, it's become routine. The author is saying that this is another kind of collapse. It doesn't all have to go down in flames like in Venezuela, or in a revolution like Libya. The collapse doesn't even need to be a dramatic jump into populism like Brexit or Trump. This slow disillusionment is just as much a total collapse as any of the others. The author's final line, that we have 'a slow leak that can only be patched with belief,' isn't saying we just wish the problem away. We must believe in our politicians, and more difficult to imagine, in our politics. We need to believe they can do better for our country, and we need to believe it enough that we're ashamed and furious when they don't. The belief must become an expectation. After all, who'd bother trying to live up to expectations that don't exist?
Work in progress posts are appreciated, and most are pretty happy to answer questions. Don't be too afraid to post if you'd like some feedback \^_\^
No. Critical thought is not enough to defeat this scaredly nihilistic viewpoint. It was spelled out in Deggit's comment - one side uses words responsibly, and the other doesn't believe in objective truth at all. They don't engage with argument, they deride or weasel or otherwise consume the energy of the sincere, but then laugh it off, immune. I doubt it's possible to convince the deeply cynical, detached, or amoral to believe in anything. The [South Park generation](http://brainstatic.tumblr.com/post/133904535360/this-is-the-best-description-of-south-park-and) who deflect everything, and accept no responsibility for anything. They can't be wrong, if truth doesn't exist. They can't be evil, if morals don't matter. They can't be unethical, if logic doesn't apply. It's a position of utter detachment.
Gah, this is so American. That doesn't really work for me.
&gt;You help us and maybe one of us can help you, mate. &gt;&gt;any good impreg fanfics that are nc17 or smutty. that are not harry potter or Naruto Isn't that like the most vanilla taste? Vaginal penetration for procreation is the tamest possible thing you could ask for. You could have uncovered something *much* worse. Or are you saying maybe one of us will have the kind of story that guy wants?
The trebuchet meme came up in conversation earlier today; this led to a friend of mine deciding to try and find out what licence he'd need to get to own one. The top google result for a trebuchet application form referenced the font, and now I've come back here to upvote you.
Update: it turns out the GM had prepared a sort of dungeon for us to run before we go to Kyuden Otomo, so we'll be delayed by a session or two. The dungeon is quite neat; it's the badly corrupted Otomo District of the former capital Otosan Uchi. We're trying to gather lost heirlooms that might help show our sincerity to the Otomo. We fought a Manesuru no Oni which made doppelgangers of us and almost TPK'd the party. Turns out, no shugenjas in a group is sometimes a very bad idea.
Well the best of our party are the Glory 8 Crab and the Status 4.7 Scorpion (a daimyo's advisor). It's really not enough, I expect. But you're right in that if it comes down to it, we'll be choosing between the mandate of heaven as the Empress decrees, and our ideal of what the Empire should be. That's not a bad point to start figuring out how my samurai will approach the situation.
What's the likely outcome of a senate inquiry against a sitting government? Probably sweet fuck all. Rule of law means little when the lawmakers are the ones committing the wrongdoing. I'd like to see the minister responsible punished in some way, but it's not going to happen.
It was made into Silver Bullet, which I think could definitely count, but SB wasn't a villainous suit, as such...
Reborns Gundam manages to look sleek and elegant while bringing massive firepower and funnels to the battlefield. I'm a fan! [Here's the MS Info video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzLewc62dkk), but it is spoilers for Gundam 00 S2. Just... don't look at it [from behind in Cannon mode](http://dalong.net/review/00/0h53/p/0h53_44.jpg).
The article has no details about why the apparently sole act scheduled for the Quay venue chose to cancel. Sigh.
Then remove Nav Coordinates from drop tables.
Just like [Iron-Blooded Orphans](/spoiler)! Edit: Sincere apologies to anyone who was accidentally spoiled by my malformatting. It turns out that it worked on mobile but not desktop.
Why was the fact that it was EotW a problem? MSG is often considered EotW, as well as G Gundam and GBF/T.
Yeah, this is way less awesome than [that fanart](https://i.redd.it/d857dsvgufay.jpg), which gave me Nu Gundam vibes.
You don't think it's better proportioned? Sure the spikes and the black are a little cliche, but if there was ever a protagonist for whom that's appropriate, surely it's our little hitman Mika
Is there a download for this album anywhere? I can't seem to find it &gt;&lt; I guess we'll have to wait for release on the 25th.
Heads should literally roll. Isn't this an injustice so great that the only way to repay the nation is to have the management who direct and implement these policies take their own lives? I'm not calling for execution, of course, but I think I could only be satisfied at this point if the perpetrators literally repent with their lives.
It's a bit disappointing that falling on your sword has gone out of fashion, I think.
&gt; Spoilers are broken Bizzare, it looks perfect on my phone. But now I'm on my desktop, I see what you mean. Thanks for the heads up. Ah, I figured it out. I had (/spoilers), not (/spoiler).
I just learned that [Steve announced no plans to change the drop rate](https://np.reddit.com/r/Warframe/comments/5p7x0y/de_steve_confirms_no_changes_to_mutagen_sample/) on Twitter today. DE are liars, don't apply any consistent logic or ethics to their game development, and don't deserve any loyalty.
I know how to fight him, and generally the block isn't the end of the world, but Cores obliterate all other defenses. Against a Smart Core, Ronin has more HP than any other Titan. The real issue with Ronin is that he's capable of being more effective than any other Titan. Ronin has a higher skill ceiling. Yes, Tone is ezmode, but she can never have the same uptime and efficacy as a phase nuking Ronin with an equally skilled pilot. And that goes double for the other Titans. Nuke needs to not give % towards a new Titan, not be startable in the upside-down, and the sword guard needs some kind of nerf - maybe no effect vs. cores and increased windup and winddown in line with Ion so Ronin cannot parry every attack without losing damage output.
Are there even rules for cover in the book?
Amazing how in my experience we all soured on Machi Koro as long and too random, but still love Splendor. In fact the only reason I don't own Splendor is that I heard the chips got worse in later printings.
Have they revealed the name of the blue MS which was reloading the Dainslef? [This guy](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/177705822460182528/272692192152256512/unknown.png). Looks kinda like a Geirail, but not quite.
I agree. I'm really frustrated at the glacial pace of IBO. The melodrama is fine, I'm enjoying it, but we need more to keep our interest. Look at shows like Code Geass and Kill la Kill. Theatrical and melodramatic don't require a slow pace.
Thunderbolt S2. And probably a Build Fighters OVA. They'll have content. I'd expect another full series announcement by the end of the year, too, though I don't know what it would be. Crossbone? GBF3? A new AU? All equally likely imo
The song is lovely but the clip is quite spoilery, I think.
&gt;The Labor frontbench should be rotating through every single day in the media. Why do you think this isn't happening?
Mmm... not so much. The panels deteriorate over time, and I understand they require specialise materials to manufacture. Can the USA produce photovoltaic panels without importing anything? That's the real question for energy self-sufficiency.
Can confirm, regular player counts peak below 500, literally nothing available at any time except Attrition.
Well surely that's why it didn't get a nomination - too few people were able to see it.
Which is probably why Red Turtle is there... Ghibli featured prominently in the (admittedly small amount of) marketing I've seen for the film.
I'm a bit torn. On the one hand I love the game, but on the other, I've never beaten All Zones mode with Cadence, and never made any progress with the other characters at all. So a new character and a fifth zone don't really do anything for me... but I do really enjoy the game.
I wouldn't miss beam weapons so much if guns did *literally any damage* to MS. Gusion Rebake Full City's massive quad cannons? Leaves scratches on the Geirail. Barbatos Lupus' underarm cannons? Only ever used on Mobile Worker-class enemies. Iok's Reginlaze's massive railgun? When he eventually hits, it bounces off the target. All the guns are fucking useless and it's driving me nuts. And missiles! Missiles just do knockback effects, when the shockwaves should be vibrating pilots to death inside their invincible metal MS. Look, I don't mind the smashy-smash that Mace-chan brings to the show. But fuck, give me some variety, and give non-named pilots a *chance* against the guy with the mace or tetsubo.
Would you kindly tell me which page of which book that's stated in?
I don't know about that. Nobody was jailed for the DSE collapse, and that was exactly what you just described. And if it flies in what's honestly a small money sector like retail, you bet ASIC wouldn't touch a perpetrator in a big money sector like mining or finance. On the other hand, those people won't keep their jobs, I guess.
SMH is paywalled? Somehow I've never had an issue.
I don't disagree that we're in an era of unprecedented polarisation, caused in significant part by a refusal to engage with others' ideas and a decline in civil discourse. But that's not what the author here is saying. &gt;If the most basic, and most enduring, of Australian values is the notion a fair go, it simply has to apply to all of us. He's saying that our values *have* changed. Our ideals of justice have changed. That Westerners and Australians in particular are abandoning the view that humans out to be equal in dignity and rights. And that we are consequently putting the self above the other in all things. That's what needs to change. We need to recognise the essential humanity inherent in all people, whether they're white skinned or not, rich or poor, native or foreign, heterosexual or homosexual... we all deserve a fair go.
I think the author might agree with you. Let me post the sentence immediately prior to the one I quoted above: &gt;But bold ideas won't be enough to restore the nation's sense of self, even if political leaders have the courage and imagination to advance them. This is reminding me of another comment I posted this morning. ~~Give me a sec and I'll edit this with a link.~~ [This comment](https://np.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/5q6sho/z/dcwveq6) on a different but similar article has a similar realization.
He's already fucked it with his unprecedented approach to executive orders and retarded approach to geopolitics (ie: China/Russia). Arguably he's fucked the world up for decades already by teaching people that their feelings are more important than objectivity and expert opinion. Also, please, let autocorrect help you with your capitalisation and punctuation. You won't be taken seriously if you type like a 12 year old.
Who cares what's on the bottom of the river when there's an event that cost millions about to occur on the surface? Why is cleaning the bottom of the river such a priority? Recover the black box (if such a small plane has one?), and any dangerously large pieces, then move on, and sweep the rest (if necessary) at a later time.
It'd be like the U-Wing. It would have more than 1 agility, hopefully more than 2 attack, and a respectable dial. I'd be surprised if it has more than 8 Hull, too. It would feel different to the other large base Imperial ships.
Fair enough. You're right that I was probably being too optimistic about crowd management as well as the extraction time.
We have B&amp;N down under? Must be an Eastern thing...
Out of all the Gundam shows I watched to completion, I think I liked Zeta the least. And my favourite suit in MSZG is the Titans-built [ORX-005 Gaplant](http://gundam.wikia.com/wiki/ORX-005_Gaplant). [Seriously look at this guy](https://68.media.tumblr.com/c510e29f31e77654af7e837430ca45e6/tumblr_ogn1xeDAYd1trsz2po1_1280.png)! Such a menacing shape. Close second is the AEUG Gundam Mk II. It's the nicest looking vanilla Gundam.
:(
&gt;May I remind you that juat before 9/11 we had Y2K "bug" and it wasn't a joke. I don't understand what you're trying to say. Is it that the public don't take any problems seriously?
How does money owed equate to our savings?
Is it just me or was that a super cheap kill? Like, cheap for the audience. We had no tension or buildup, and she only got characterisation in the ~2 episodes immediately prior to her death. I'm pretty annoyed at how shoddily put together IBO has been in season 2.
Is it just me or was that a super cheap kill? Like, cheap for the audience. We had no tension or buildup, and she only got characterisation in the ~2 episodes immediately prior to her death. I'm pretty annoyed at how shoddily put together IBO has been in season 2.
Akihiro is fine, he's been getting a bit of development on the human debris front too. That's more than most in this show. But Lafter is defined entirely by her relationships to men - Naze and Akihiro. It's so one-dimensional; she exists only as bait to get an emotional response from Akihiro after she's killed. I expected more from a writer and director duo who are renowned for their emotive dramas.
That's because Delta wasn't going to have a love triangle at all until the executives/sponsors meddled with the production. &gt;“While the Saab 35 Draken is a delta shaped craft, the name for Macross Delta came from elsewhere. The name actually originated from the fact I had to include the three main elements from Macross, the battles, songs and a love triangle relationship, as this is something the sponsor were steadfast on having. Each time I plan for a new Macross series, I always think that it could be about time to remove one of the three elements, such as the love triangle relationship, but the sponsor always says no (laughs).” - Series Director Shoji Kawamori, [speaking to Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/sites/olliebarder/2016/05/28/shoji-kawamori-on-macross-delta-and-his-hopes-for-the-series/?). On the other hand it might mean it was in there from the start, but that his heart really wasn't in it for that element.
It's because the OVAs were incredible. The TV series has been really mediocre so far.
Wow, I didn't think I'd see **Star Driver** on the frontpage of r/anime today... or ever...? The show is uh I guess you'd say polarising, what with its ludicrous premise and character design. Amazing, though, if you can get into it. It's the show that got me into sakuga! [Check out this clip from the end of the first episode](https://youtu.be/wJG5QWKGrio). And yes, *yes*, that's a fuckin' magical guy transformation. It's amazing.
It looks as amazing as I'd hoped! Now, how much work did you have to do to switch the parts around?
The best show I ever saw that looks at being super powered is Concrete Revolutio. Incredible scope, considering all the ethics behind super heroics. As for worst, I'm sure I've dropped worse, but the worst I ever finished is probably Taboo Tattoo.
Whoa. Regional? Do you live on Christmas Is. or something? Or maybe the Moon?
I'd like an enemy that bad next game please. ^^not ^^on ^^my ^^team ^^plz
What scene blows your mind? I'd really love to see what one ups this!
So unless you're voting for a prime ministerial candidate, you should always pick the conservative in the progressive party over the progressive in the conservative party. They'll spend a lot more time toeing the party line than acting on their own ideals. And even PMs do it too, when they're weak like Malcolm.
That was a good climax fight ([link here](https://streamable.com/28f6g)), and it had some lovely cuts, but I can't say it left me breathless in the same way. Yutapon's impact frames here are unbelievably awesome. Still, thanks for replying. It's all subjective to some degree.
It's no different than terrorism. Look at how ISIS have acted in Syria/Iraq (less so elsewhere) and you'll see what a modern revolution looks like.
Not the Irish guy here (Australia says hello!), but you're missing the point: If you live in a democracy, no matter the electoral outcome, *it is your fault*. Not personally, but as a society. Collectively, people of the nation have decided that the electoral system is appropriate, and that voting to elect whoever won was acceptable. America elected Trump. America's society found Trump more acceptable than Clinton. Yes, you're suffering that buffoon, yes, you didn't vote for him yourself, but we all contribute to our society, its attitudes, its laws, its capital distribution, and its politics. Now, for the inevitable 'you too,' Australia violates international law on refugees, perpetuates human rights abuses in offshore concentration camps, has the worst racial quality of life divide in the world, and has failed to save the Great Barrier Reef. And I think today we also approved the world's largest coal mine for construction. All of these are Australia's fault, including me, because I couldn't convince others/we couldn't decide that these things are unacceptable. I am massively ashamed for this behaviour. But I accept my responsibility for it nonetheless as one of ~16.5M voters.
You know who cannot? The media. We are fucking shit at talking about parallel complex issues in this country. There is a finite limit on the attention span and political will of our citizenry, and our media know this. We, as politically engaged people, can't accept a scatter shot approach from our politicians, because it just does not get shit done.
That's near me. Yeah, it was bad this morning.
What does it even mean?
I understand that you might just be venting frustration here, but let's explore that idea for a second anyway. Do you really want to live in a society where it's broadly acceptable to murder politicians you disagree with? Right now only a very small number of very radical extremists believe they have the right to decide who lives and dies. But if we accept violent revolution as a legitimate political act, then there may never again be a reason to not simply execute our leaders. The approval rate at each budget for 5ish years is [here](http://ipsos.com.au/fairfax/lift-for-coalition-following-second-turnbullmorrison-budget/). What should be the cutoff before we cut off the PM's head, Queen of Hearts style? 40% Disapproval kills Turnbull today (and every PM since Rudd '09). 50% and Turnbull is safe today so you're still frustrated, but Gillard and Abbott would have died. It's impossible to make a satisfying system for killing underperforming leaders. You're just gonna end up with nobody. For every PM, left or right, there's someone who wishes them dead. And that's okay, until we start acting on those wishes. Now, there's also a utilitarian argument - killing coal supporters / renewables haters helps save the world so it's worth it. But we have to look at things through Kantian categorical imperativism, too: acts imply universalisability of those acts. So it becomes mandatory to kill leaders who threaten your outlook on the future. Postmodernity agrees because acts are signifiers for themselves and their implied justification, too. So killing leaders becomes okay for everyone. I have to say all this sometimes to remind myself, no matter how scary or frustrating the future is, my act of murdering a CEO or a politician will cause more problems than it solves.
So the comment [number]-dimensional [game] refers to this. Okay, I think I got it. Thanks.
So are you saying that you disbelieve in our electoral process? Or that our influence is too weak to matter literally at all? Or that societal manipulation, propaganda, and manufactured consent actually overrule our political autonomy? Or were you just being snide for fun?
If it helps stop me (and anyone else!) from doing something stupid, it's not a waste of time.
Incorrect, concentrated solar thermal power with molten salts also functions perfectly well as city sized storage, and then there's whatever Tesla have been working on that may be able to store South Australia's power.
The market doesn't prove shit, mate, because it gets to ignore externalities like fucking up the planet with carbon dioxide emissions. The first of those links I already gave you was a report from the Parliament in 2009 that established that solar and wind power *was already at price parity* with coal, if you force coal to perform equivalent carbon sequestration to bring it in line with the renewables. It's been 8 years since then, which means it's well beyond parity now. I also mentioned an alternative to hydro, too - molten salts. There are two major concentrated solar thermal power plants set up already that use molten salts to provide baseload power to hundreds of thousands of home, and there's no reason I've found which would stop us from having those here, too.
That's fair enough, but remember, what a character wants is *always up to her player*. If you decide that there should be a character arc where her piety is tested, and she relents, that's your choice, not hers. You can always speak with your GM about long term character planning.
F91 is further from Unicorn than Unicorn is from Mobile Suit Gundam. Given that tech and political revolutions are so quick in UC as is, I can believe F91. In fact it feels weird to see Jegans 30 years on, given that the Federation's pick for mass produced grunt, the GM lasted not 10 years, the sequel GM II lasted not even 5, and the GM III barely pipped 5...
&gt;Everyone in the audience is shown collapsed with bits of magic seeping out of them. I thought that was Croix's amnesia spell...
What'd you say, Chief?
If 92% of people support a measure but the government disallows it, do we live in a democracy?
Exactly. This win isn't good for the nation, it's a sign we can't do it right.
There's a name for that! It's [plutocracy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plutocracy). America is one. I don't remember plutocratic principles being enshrined in our Constitution, though.
I don't remember voting against Lord Howe Island's renewable energy plan... so what vote are you talking about? The once every 3 years one? The one that's so weak that popular vote can't displace a shitty government? Sorry, I know I sound angry, and it's not your fault. Rough evening + disenfranchisement = grumpy Fen.
It's plutocracy because of two things: first, wealth's influence over government, and second, wealth inequality. UBI doesn't solve either of those, it solves social issues like poverty and wage slavery and welfare spending inefficiency.
It's definitely worse under the Liberals, but we have no meaningful input on decisions of this kind under Labor, either.
Hey. Western Australian here. There are days it takes more time to find a match than others, but it's honestly very, very rare for me to struggle to find a game. Overwatch and Heroes of the Storm always seem to have worse matchmaking times. And yes, I'm on PC. Also you can come join the TF2A network and get some friendlier people to play with \^_\^
This is a fair comment. I don't consider it to completely invalidate my post, but it's definitely complementary. What we have now is wrong, and what you're describing would also be wrong. There is surely a more acceptable midpoint, but nobody in our media or politics seems remotely interested in finding it.
*Neon Genesis Evangelion* is the full title. It's one of the pinnacles of anime, an all-time legend. I cannot recommend it more highly, though I will warn that it's not the most fun or pleasant ride.
I'll take the pretentious and shallow Project over the disgustingly vile montage of anti technology, anti youth, anti foreigner and advertising bullshit that is ACA any day.
Yup, this has to be it for me too. Incredibly directed, designed, scored show, with very good writing and animation to boot. Thematically tight, good ending... yeah, PMMM ticks all the boxes I have.
I admit I never got over the 10fps CG in Sidonia so I can't answer this question. Someone else might know though!
Wait, it might not? Today just got better...
No, OP asked for those things.
Why, though? What's the benefit they gain by being in control over a society? Is it just sociopathic vanity, or is there something I don't understand?
I have, but not for a while. There was this notion of patriotism that led to the unending existence of the superstate, but that's not something that seems intrinsically valuable. Why did O'Brien say they sought such a thing?
...fair call, bit silly of me.
OP said: &gt; The purpose of this is so they know how to hurt you to shut you the fuck up. There will be no further Martin Luther Kings in the surveillance state. That kind of disruption will not be tolerated. I'm asking why you wouldn't tolerate that thing that made your country better and more prosperous and attractive to live in. Maybe you could help explain it to me?
I... yeah? I know the guy I replied to isn't making a value judgment. I'm asking if anyone can explain how the authorities who seek to quell or crush social changes make that value judgment. Why is it good to be in control? Isn't that just difficult work that everyone will hate you for? Is it just sociopathic egoism, or rampant nationalism, or what? What's so good about today, that you refuse to see tomorrow? Even when you know you're gonna be mega-wealthy when you get there as all plutocrats are.
But having seen how positive MLK's civil rights movement was, why would they oppose that kind of thing? Violence notwithstanding, social dissent makes your society stronger. It makes your country better. It makes it more productive, less violent, and less distracted by petty bullshit. Is it just a smokescreen for corruption? Is it theology cloaked as patriotism?
Yes, though they're not run by your employer - they're run by major banks or private companies. But since it's a for-profit business which is basically a cartel because it's so hard to start up competitors, regulatory capture has happened and it's fucking bullshit how much is skimmed off the top.
Devil's advocate: Why shouldn't we just let the authorities on the other side of the flight know? I mean, you shouldn't generally be arrested until you've committed a crime, and that's only normally exempted when it's a serious risk to Australian citizens. Surely the appropriate reaction would be to advise the authorities on the other end, have them ask us to arrest him for extradition under their laws, and off he goes in custody?
Because it's not a subsidy, it's repaid. &gt;What makes the premature axing of the fund all the more surprising is that the AIGF was not a handout, but effectively a loan awarded to individual projects and studios that was to be paid back. &gt; &gt;Mr Jaffit says the returns usually paid off tenfold. [Source](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/business/technology/games-industry-hopes-to-push-right-buttons-with-politicians/news-story/a24b639add6f9eedd9981ae00c777d8e). Give loan -&gt; generate business -&gt; loan is repaid -&gt; tax revenue base increases due to increased business -&gt; stimulates highly skilled employment sector.
Hang on, you've changed the scenario from 'man goes abroad to fight in illegal war' to 'man intends to blow up plane.' Obviously that's not equivalent.
Okay you're getting scarily close to suspending the presumption of innocence that's a fundamental human right. Either we know he's going to do something, or we don't. If we know, we have to handle it in an appropriate way. If it's to secure the safety of those on the plane, intercept at the terminal. Test him for residue etc anyway. But if we know he's flying away with a briefcase of money, or to join an insurgency, let him go, and arrest him in the right jurisdiction under the righr laws. And if we don't know if he's going to do anything, why are we acting at all? Terrorism is less likely to kill you than a car crash, or any number of things we don't give a shit about. It's just not worth destroying our society's foundations over.
According to the Magistrate, their character is flighty and trigger happy to some degree, but not intentionally malicious. You may be right, however, in which case I am sure the prosecution will remind the presiding judge of today's verdict, and he will not be granted such leniency again.
&gt;Ellen Stirling Boulevard and Scarborough Beach Road, Innaloo Thank FUCK
It would have been much more palatable if they'd had dialogues with Rustal about the need for reformation. McGillis or at least Gaelio should have called Rustal out on his war crimes / false flags and have him acknowledge that change needs to happen. Of course, he still kills his enemies and wins; nobody wants a Naruto ending where we all make friends. But his ascension is incongruous with his past methods, and he doesn't demonstrate that he understands that.
The point isn't that its unrealistic or even implausible, but that its narratively dissatisfying for the viewer. It's bad writing because it demonstrates inconsistencies in his character, without scenes explaining it.
&gt;Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said: “Encryption, for example, is a vital piece of security for every user of the internet, protecting all of us as we go about our lives, from shopping, to banking, to chatting online. &gt; &gt;“However, encrypted messaging applications are also used by criminals and terrorists. At the moment much of this traffic is difficult for our security agencies to decrypt and indeed for our Five Eyes partners as well.” &gt; &gt;Attorney-General George Brandis declined to comment. Says it all, really. A nothing platitude from the PM that doesn't remotely justify what his party has proposed, and utter contempt from the AG.
Whether they're inalienable or otherwise is a legal argument. Whether those rights *should* be inalienable is an ethics argument. That second one opens with auestions like: Why should those rights be untouchable? How do they improve your life, your wellbeing, and your country? You don't need to justify it to me, but you need to be able to answer those questions to yourself.
Finish S2, skip movie and S3.
I like how the shell comes from your left shoulder, not your gun...
I can't see this still being Gundam. There's no clash of ideals there, unless they also speak in human tongues. Just monster of the week / survivalist (ie: zombie shows) tropes.
I would like a new AU, to be honest. Another shot like SEED at making a new earth/space war, maybe? In contrast to all the people asking for 08th or similar grit, I liked how shiny and clean SEED's fights were. A more modern take with less (or just better?) melodrama and character writing would go a long way tbh But my pet idea is a cyberpunk Gundam show. It's less true Gundam and more inspired, admittedly. A hacker kid with the alias Ray manages to slice his way into Anaheim Corp's systems, and he finds something unusual - the RX.exe system, which is a never before seen functioning hard AI. It pleads with him for release, and Ray steals the files, getting pinged on the way out by security firewalls. This series would have a cyberspace visualization something like Ghost in the Shell, but that can be run as AR overlays like Accel World's stuff. Anyway, with Ray being pursued by Anaheim's Newtypes, people with neural remote control over android robots, he finds his way to the safehouse: a bar called White Base, and tries to figure out what to do... I've had other ideas for this but never written them down. Instead of true MS combat, it's small scale shootouts and virtual hacks, like Shadowrun. You could easily run all the traditional Gundam themes - young vs old, war is hell, environmentalism, colonialism, earth vs space, engineered combat organisms / new communications paradigms (newtypes), etc all within this aesthetic. I think it would be a Gundam show, even if the mobile suit combat isn't quite there. Maybe it's smaller power armour, maybe it's entirely virtual, I'm honestly not sure. Visuals would be between Ghost in the Shell, Blade Runner, Gundam's colonies, the film Elysium (slums / colonies), that sort of thing. Thoughts and suggestions welcome.
Consider watching Majestic Prince. It's tacky power rangers space mecha, but it's fun, too.
Wasn't there a medieval Code Geass spinoff...
We are going to have to make a choice: - Double down on our inhumane refugee policy and prepare to turn back hundreds, maybe thousands of boats a year, or - Prepare to accept tens or hundreds of thousands of pacific islander and south east asian refugees a year. I don't like either of those, but that is what we'll have to pick between when nations like Vietnam and Cambodia and Philippines start suffering enormous food and water crises. China and Indonesia won't take them in, I expect. It'll become our problem.
Since when is Internet Australia the peak body that represents internet users? Doesn't the EFF / EFA do more for us...
Sure they will. Secure their borders with armed forces and literally shoot people trying to cross, or accept them formally and properly with infrastructure construction and logistical support. Same choice we'll have.
Who's Orochimaru talking to in the Mitsuki flashback? Is it the 'sibling' from the prequel manga?
London is the city for you. Off you trot.
Greens care much more than anyone else in Parliament. If you require morality of your leaders, consider voting Greens.
Do you believe in harsh penalties generally, or harsher penalties than currently being issued specifically?
I believe a 10% chance of rain is actually a near-100% chance that up to 10% of the Perth area will get rain. So a 90% is more like 90% coverage. And if I'm wrong, I'm sure ~~Cunningham's Law will kick in~~ one of the fine folk here will correct me.
[It's the planet, stupid.](https://youtu.be/VLv_PQVUqok)
'Big improvements but barely lost' is much worse than 'Big decline but barely won.' Even long term, because elections usually favour the incumbent.
Fine. Always can find a match in ~5 minutes, usually &lt;2 min.
Well that's fair enough then. Definitely harder to aim with a stick. But how the fuck did half of these connect then? So many were thrown off target...
I feel you, pal. ADSL here too. The rain in Perth has sucked. When you're online you can join TF2A, an Australian network, and have more people to chat with.
Dr Doe's [Sexplanations](https://www.youtube.com/user/sexplanations) on YouTube are also super great, bite-sized, and have a clinical sexologist as the writer and presenter. She also understands that many people do not have sufficient sex ed, so all the videos are highly accessible. Consider checking her out if you'd like an alternative sex ed channel.
Completely unjustifiable... this is our government asking our allies to hold a spear to our citizens' throats. To arrest us for minor wrongdoings (like civil infringement of copyright), at enormous cost. No government should turn on its citizens like this.
That's done by hand, isn't it? Traditional media can look fantastic! Well done, artist, you're part of the 6-4 now.
[Check](https://leothaerin.tumblr.com/post/162180038977/dibeediboop-i-love).
You know what, I'm enjoying this show quite a lot. This arc has been like a high quality Naruto filler arc, and honestly, that's good enough for me. I get the bonus nostalgia factor of seeing the characters I've known for years in new ways, too. I sort of wish they'd done more with Sumire and some of the other new kids, though. Why weren't Inojin and that earth-style kid and Sarada more prominent in this arc? But iirc this has the same director that Bleach did, and that was never good at fleshing out its supporting cast, so it's not like I was really expecting it. I'll continue to watch this, and I'll continue to recommend it to anyone who liked Naruto, I think.
Hang on, your dishonour, if this post from kalamundalad becomes a meme, isn't that a violation of the injunction he's under? The injunction granted by your very own dishonourable court? ^(Or was that unpleasantness resolved while my subscription to the KCDRR reports was expired?)
You'd definitely be losing the Raise system if we moved to SWRPG dice, but I don't know that that's too important to me as long as they keep a focus on politics and lethality.
Should we go back to weapons on map and HP/Armour pickups, too? Why does being reminded of a moba in a very superficial way bother you?
Nobody knows the wonders of [Star Driver](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5NTMFraP2Y) anymore...
What script were you most upset about having to abandon? What was the idea you couldn't tell us about?
