Thank you fitoromparing yourself to sour cream, i love you
Lol yes. I use swype on my phone and it sometimes ridiculous to see how it switches up my context
I used to be black. But its not all that. So i became hispanic, now i make all the ladies panic
I hate telling people this, but it's just not that cool to be black anymore, I'm much happier being brown Source: Was black, decided to go back
Looks do godamn tasty. I'm getting Chinese tomorrow
This really depressed me. Damn. Poor Chimp
10/10 will not buy car until price goes down. That being said ive seen some pretty great termis going for around 15k or less here in Orange County and around Los Angeles
What do you have? How much is it pushin?
wha....what?
That sounds like a really good time for the both of you
Maybe itll even help you poop better after a while
Were here rooting for you!
Dom does
No, be proud. Use more weight, always use more wieght
No! you have to go HEAVIER!
That's awesome!!! In a year? so you will be employed in a year or you have been doing this for a year? That's really great though! I have this obsession with pretty websites and its making me want to code, I just need to find a starting base. If you don't mind me asking, how much is your pay now compared to other jobs/careers you've had?
Ive never laughed so hard in my life OMG I cant believe this is real
Thank you
Seriously, wtf, why isnt this being shown in my local theater!
Thanks! If youd like to add anything else keep going
you are me
Better than Pizza, titties, and videogames!
Care to share? I always love hearing about people who enjoy what they do! Share yours and ill share mine!
Weird is the right word. You actually getting it? How much?
That YouTube money's starting to come in. New apartment in less than 6 months
Yeah if i get it it wont be a car ill sell anytime soon! Not at all, I'm planning on keeping it until i cant drive anymore. I slept on the thought. And now I'm still thinking about buying it.
Honestly, this guy's stuff is pretty damn good
I actually ust started learning yesterday too, i mean i got pretty good at a short amount of time though and didnt alternate between feet, i just kept them together and jumped using my calves and butt and the front bottom part of my foot. Since im new i did this. Jumped 25 times until i felt like i got it right. then jumped to 50 in a row. then 100. then 150. then i went down from there and it took me about an hour or so, so say: warmed up with a typical stretch then 25 jumps with about 20 second rest in between, did this for about 10 minutes then jumped up to 50 jumps with again about a twenty second rest for about 15 minutes then jumped up to 100 jumps in a row with about 30 second rest for about 15 minutes then jumped to 150 jumps with 30 second rest inbetween each. did that for the rest of the time until iwas super tired so i did that for about 20-25 minutes then i cooled down by doing 100 twice, then 50 three times, then 25 four times each with their respected wait times. just do about an hour and jump when you can but make sure you jumpo everytime to where your calves hurt
How about i send you the craiglsit post? ill pm you and then ill pm the guys over at supra forums, i need to make this decision like today!
Toyota Supra Turb http://losangeles.craigslist.org/lac/cto/5038467635.html As much as it hurts to do this it's time to move on and sell one of my Supra's. I'll break down the history of the vehicle before going into full detail. I purchased this car from another supra member 3 years ago. The vehicle drives straight even w/ [...]
Are you past me?
I like seeing their lithe butts shake when they jump around
Reddit loves this guy!
Wat
Lol
Ive never seen such a monotone ad before. Wow.
Cool
This was so cool
2spooky4me
Eat
Wtf
Thanks this actually makes me feel a bit better. It was just such a bargain of a deal is all...
That was a new one! I fucking lost it at the taco part
Weird. Ive driven my fair share as well. Always thought that at high speed its always best to not brake so hard, first to let off for a bit then brake when you get down at lower speed, but again I have personally never taken any car past say 130mph...hmm the more you know thanks!
ha
coo
ew
yea
sex
yes
Yes lol
The benefits of concrete are better
Damn so id say roughly your subscribers = what you make/year
Holy shit that's a lot
Billionaire? I don't think so
Fixed!
23 here. living at home
Literally this is what it is
so...dip on dip?
It really is pretty good
Cute dog*
This bothered me as well
Same. If youre not going to track it no need for bigger brakes, at least not on the fly.
Agreed. But if you're planning to have a lot of power on the streets and not track it, then Im going to assume and give everyone the benefit of the doubt and say youre not going to be going amywhere over 150mph. Although lets be honest here. Its just about being responsible. Chances are if you go to the track youre already a much better driver than 90% of the people out here and bigger or better brakes will compliment you. Regular brakes will do just fine especially for someone who knows their car.
this makes me sad
Honestly, the toyota Supra. NSX and te GTR. around 15 years old for the tri and of they came out today they would still be one of the best looking cars on the road. And plenty powerful too. Honestly because of the way these cars were built i can easily seet hem lasting longer than cars today. all three have really strong motors. Super reliable.
Do you do the late night blinking thing to keep your eyes watery? My friends know its about 8pm at night when i start blinking vigorously. They all say "Oh hey guys hes at it again! Its about 8 o'clock right now"
God having to remove dry contacts that are pretty damn stuck on your eyeball has to be one of the worst feelings ever
Omg. dont say that.
AGH! THIS! Was actually kayaking this past saturday and our kayak flipped, first thing before i remembered that i shouldt breathe underwater is to not open my eyes. It was horrible. Kayaking was fun though, saw a bunch of seals with their babies, cute little guys
I cant wait until i have my first turbo car for that sound!!! I was smiling o BIG for these guys!!!! Im so happy for them!
Really? Damn, them mark ups! I myself am looking at red gtrs.
Oh wow congratulations on the kid! Thats gonna be a lot of fun! Slight advice, their might be a chance your child might have trouble sleeping at night, why not work on thr game at night and take care of her/him while you're working on it?
This should be the face of the Internet
Time to get shwifty
Holy shit yeah! Lol
No. The sped up one is fake. This isnt.
This vid honestly sucks pretty bad. You can't even see the acceleration well at all. If you wouldn't of said it in the title the car looks like it accelerated like any normal c63.
Thank you so much
Wanna coach me? Lol
Any chance you would know the size/would be able to tell us what city/country/state it is?
Thats not a good way to think. Id much rather spend on a nice car than a huge house. Some people dont need mansions. Theyre fine living in average sized homes. That way theyre both not a target and they seem normal but secretly have huge numbers in their bank account. Thats my plan at least. Live in a nice small house. Have nice cars and travel.
Electronics*
Oh I'm sure he does
I think we just became bestfriends
I shouldn't be laughing at that last part. But that is some damn bad parenting right there
YUP!
Lol nice, i see him posting schassis stuff all the time
You won't. Ive tried plenty of times. Unless you're in the rain.
That's when people are pushing their cars on the highway or streets. If you're driving normal wvery car feels the same. Huge difference in a 1 liter 4 cylinder and a v8 if you step on the gas. My post isnt misleading, im jusy stating if you're gong to be driving normally every car feels the same. And im right. A sensable 60 mph in a car, van, truck, sport coupe, sedan...etc will feel the same. Its when you start stepping on it and pushing your car that will change eveything.
So did i, i once turned a little too hard on a green light while it was raining and i hydroplaned through the curb, jumped it, and hit a fence and broke my rim. If i wasnt driving wreckless nothing would've happened though. I intentionally wanted my car to slide. I dun goofed pretty hard that day
It is, 3.8 liters dont have enough power.
It will keep getting better
Yeah, ill just wait for the Vive
Holy shit fuck that
Seriously i was so excited. But for 599 US dollars? Yeah nope. And you still need to pay for shipping AND a computer than can run it. Its a sad day for Oculus. Although i am excited to see Oculus' AMA later today. Its gonna be a fucking frenzy
Im going to ask him if he feels bad about all those lives they lost on todays hypetrain
Thats actually a good idea. Even vipers and c7's and gtrs are relatively inexpensive to own so i think that would be top tier for sure. But i like the idea of giving someone their dream car. Say an fd rx7 or an old supra, older gtrs or things like that. Would be nice to have that you know.
Doing it for people in meed would be great, but doing it for car enthusiasts imo wpuld be more successful. People like to give. But when you can get something out of it, people like that more.
I guess what essentially what it would be. Is the reddit millionaire thing working out?
Which is why it should be marketed and charged from the start. If i had something already automated it would be better. But for me to personally give and go out of my way to give? Yeah thats not gonna happen
Sure ill pm it to you
Overthebridge.co thanks for checking it out man
That's our homework for this weekend. To make a tagline for her. We also say down and talked about what her specific root would be, she hasnt decided yet but were working on it. We're also going to work on SEO a lot! Thanks for that were going to go through the guide and implement it! Thank you! She is very pretty! And will definitely take all those picture settings advice with great forward Ness and try eveything you said. And that last part i seem to be a bit misunderstanding, you say "go there and get their attention!" How? Strictly by posting or directly emailing people or having direct contact with them? Also how would we put ads on her blog? You linked a couple websites on this post and we have yet to look at them! And i saw her view count and she gets roughly 500 views/month! Anyway you know how to get those numbers up with some other methods?
Raw power. Vipers are just raw as hell inside and out. The only other cars that I've driven that remind me of that are the carrera gt, early 2000 Medvedev sl63's, bmw z4's (aka clownshoes) and like a miata with an LS1 swap. Vipers are great. New ones are awesome. I've heard old ones are horrible though.
Does... does she know he's gay?
Definitely taking this advice and going out and buying a scale today. 1k deficit? Geez thats gonna be hard lol but ill stick to 2 pounds/week that sounds healthy/reasonable Currently doing PPL, three days lift, two days cardio and sometimes hiking during the weekend. Hopefully eating less helps me get down by a lot
Yup! Ive seen two z06s for sale around the LA county and orange county area for 25k. Decent mileage and one was all black the other yellow. The prices are insane to be honest and well worth the money
Aren't all thr bmw z cars nicknamed the clownshoe? Sorry thats what ive heard them be called but no it was a z4. All white hard top convertible completely stock and one of the best downshifting cars ive ever heard. Was an 11' model i think
Haha yeah sorry about that! I use swype on my phone sometimes and if that doesnt mess up my grammar my auto-correct does
Orange county or the LA area. I remember linking a couple z06's a weeks back here on r/cars. I'd see if i can find them again but theyre way back in my comments..
I thought all models of the z were considered clown shoes...since...well...they all look a like
That was my fault then, i had a couple zo6's saved on my favorites from my craigslist app and i just chose the first one and didnt read the description. Ill see if i can find another
Thanks checking it out now
Thanks will do!
If i do add abs I will be doing it 3 times a week after lifting or should i be doing them right after every workout (5x a week) or only when lifting?
Lol no, I'm wayyy to the west in california
I don't. I just need to keep impressing the one girl i already have.
Thank you for the study! This is how i like Answers!
I've heard adsense isnt the best place for blog revenue. Are there any other sites to getvads from that work better?
If you look at my other comment you see me say the same thing about adsense lol Private or networked advertisers? How does one go about finding that or affiliates? Ill definitely look it up! Whats your service? Whats slogging? And my gf likes posting and traveling and has a bachelors in fashion so i doubt shell get tired of what shes doing anytime soon.
I was hoping the slo mo would lead to some mail box bashing
No, they're regular ties and tightened how you would a regular tie. The only difference is that the knots are made separately and can be customized to any and every design imaginable
Thanks for thr feedback and thanks for the luck! Were hoping thetr will be
Don't have a coach
Serious shit.
How to i choose harder ones?
Should i get a coach? Do i need it?
How is the coach workouts working out? Better? Results?
"Director of tea tasting" Hahahaha
Lol my gf calls chipotlr chipootle. I finally know what she means aha No fucking way thats real. Your dad must've dropped a nuke
Ill work on it
Its not a real ticket
Its healthy. That stupid son of a bitch.
Lol ive never yanked it while dehydrated. I kinda want to but i kinda don't
Essentially the only friends i have are from high school. 3 guys, theyre all gay.
This guyhttps://www.instagram.com/p/BAgWxACSYZC/
Same here
Lol
The very first workout i ever did for p90x was amazing. Amd still use a customized routine that works great. Freeletics doesn't seem like it'll last the sands of time
Thank you
Wow this was great
I know waffle.. i know.
I like you. Teach my parents how to Internet...theyre...theyre just horrible.
Just checked myfitness pal. 1g protein my bad it was a rrally hard estimate from the top of my head So my goal should be mostly protein intake then worry about calories or get all my protein in first then worry about the rest calories to eat right?
I found the r/entrepreneur!
Lol aw bummer. Was expecting you to have some sort of nanosuit. Likewise though, pretty boring myself and dont spend much, last time i bought clothes was like a year ago. Im known to wear the same thing a couple days in a row...as someone whos going to be in sonography soon i too hope to have the same money fortune as you.
She is worth marrying. Shed be happy with an onion ring or a ring pop from me. But BECAUSE shes like that id like to go out of my way and get her something because i love her and because shes very much worth it. Shes never insisted on a diamond, i just thought itd be nice for her to have something nice from me now that ill be able to afford it. I usually hear 3 months salary but i dont know how right that is
You lucky hooligan you! Its gonna be a great car man!
It was a great review. Not sure why you're putting it down
That would be pretty bonkers.
Cereals more of a dinner meal than breakfast honestly
Can confirm. Im 6'2. Gf's like under 5 ft
Haha as fun as being gay would seem with their partys, and promescuity and flamboyant nature. I just cant pass up my wife lol
So for foreclosures you arent allowed to see the property from thr inside right?
That's great to hear im looking to buy/or look for foreclosed homes in the laguna beach/Huntington/newport area in orange county,c.a... i want to buy a foreclosed home for my price range that will eventually go up in price. But i need to do a lot of research on homes first
"Power for the BMW car will likely come from either a turbocharged four-cylinder engine or a turbo inline six, while the Supra is rumored to exclusively get power from the inline-six making somewhere around 500 horsepower. Styling between the two cars will be entirely different, with the Toyota taking cues from the popular FT-1 Concept. The two companies are working to make sure the two cars don’t compete with each other, with the BMW targeting the Porsche Boxster and Mercedes SLC, while Toyota will look to take on heavyweights like the Porsche 911 and Mercedes-AMG GT." | Styling between the two cars will be entirely different. Thank GOD! The car shown looks ugly as hell. My first thought was "Oh god no! Not a convertible Supra!"
Honestly id prefer that also. I wouldnt care about seeing the supra all over the place so long as id have one. This new supra should've gone the route of competing against the gt350. As far as price af least. I honestly thought the supra wpuld compete against the c63 or the m3/m4 but id prefer it to compete with the m2. If its going up against the amg gts its going to easily be 100k+ and for that price id honestly rather get a gtr or the r8. The supra might be good too but i think they messed up on the competition side. Ford and chevy have no competition for their mustang or camaro right now. If toyota got in that market (affordable) they wouldve killed it and the supra would've sold like hotcakes
Because they dont know about prototypes and how they work. Or its someone young who is just barley getting into cars
Me either, id drop any car for a new supra. Especially one that competes with the new mustang gt
Lets be honest. The 370z is no where near competition for the mustang and camaro. They just outsell them by way too much. And with the almost cult following the supra has they would kill the camaro in sales, not sure about the mustang. There isnt. The supra shouldve competed with the new m2 and the likes of the gt350. But nooo toyota wants to be in the ring with 100k+ cars which is honestly a shame. Like you said the people who follow that car wont be able to afford it. Unfortunately for 100k+ niether would i. But for 50k? Sure i could.
I can answer this! Since mercedes essentially owns all the E-Class cars they told tesla they couldn't name their car the model E because of confusion to costumers and because they own that letter to name cars and would sue. So Became the model 3! :)
Im guessing if you scratch you'd have to paint over it.
That grey looks fantastic! Jesus how much did that cost?
I don't get it
Every single car i listed was made in the 90's. I meant the r34 gtr not the r35
Reddit acts like you cant daily 500hp, yes you can and it is not hard at all. When you start nearing over 700hp thats when you have problems but anything 650hp and lower really is not that bad for a daily driver. Ive driven 500hp+ cars countless times and trust me they are more than manageable
Budget: $30000 maximum. Looking for an aesthetically pleasing car. Preferably with more than 400hp. Awd or rwd no preferance. Coupe or four door no preferance Im just looking for a fast good looking car that looks great and handles well
The fucking candle lol no offense to the Virgin mary it was just surprising he had it, i was caught off gaurd
Are there like, spanish motovloggers? Lol
Whos RJ?
So far answering all of your bullet points ive come to the conclusion that i want a big sporty off road car that can handle all my day to day driving meeds as well as my weekend warrior type deals. Definitely awd. Soooo...either the gtr, sti hatch or evo. Never driven an evo though, i like raw power
Well thats a great fucking idea that i never thought of lol (not sarcasm) hows the insurance though? Id hate to pay insurance for all three things. Id assume the car, the utility vehicle and the bike would all run me like an extra car payment/month
Dope concept for a game
http://imgur.com/L30mQgH
Because shes mine :(
They do, but I'm looking to search a whole state not just countys. I get maximum like 5 county search.
Not bashing the car at all. Its a great little fun car im still looking into buying. But my appropriate DD would be 400+hp, its just preference. The 350 is still a great fun car all around
Well theyre my version of "big" i used to have a nissan maxima and that car was a biat to me. I meant "big" as in convenient. 4 seats. Nice boot. 4 doors. Extra space. Good power. Etc
Yes
I saw my very first one yesterday! Im glad you mentioned this! It looks absolutely AMAZING! Looks kinda like a jaguar unlimited! I REALLY REALLY wanna test drive one! But im with you on the awd too, im in desperate need for some all wheel traction!
The fuck. Shit ass post.
You sly dog, you.
Weight
Ahahahahaha!
Its like trying to kiss my toes
I honestly think I'm using the term pretty darn appropriately
Haha my gf and i really noticed our difference in height when we went to big bear over the winter and left my phone taking video while we hit the slopes. Heres the very best part of the video (screenshoted) where you can see the difference in our heights. I think her beanie makes the picture http://imgur.com/tw89trL
You're right. Our birthdates tattooed on our foreheads should do the trick! Thanks reddit! Always steering my the right way in life!
Why 2003? I said my typical car for a daily driver is 400+hp. Its just what i like. It can be any year car for that matter.
Im looking at it now! Gonna call jeep tomorrow and get a test drive for later in the week lol I've never thought about the srt8 Cherokee as an option. You mightve just saved my life.
If i had the money id buy it in a heart beat.
Youtube entertainment snd TV are not the same Animal at all. Where tv costs thousands if not hundreds of thousands or millions to produce shows youtube is FREE and thats the difference here. A parent can upload "My kid reacting to their Christmas present" and the finebros would be liable to sue. There are thousand of videos uploaded for FREE everyday they cant trademark their platform. Its like you essentially drinking water, someone trademarks drinking water so everytime you take a sip you'd be sued or pay royalties.
Plus making youtube videos is FREE! People seem to forget that part! Youtube is a free platform. Itd be like someone trademarking drinking water through their mouth and you'd get either sued or pay someone everytime you take a sip
Youtubers think theyre some kind of royalty and a lot of them are fake as fuck. They go around like they're in some kind if pedestal
Because really WHY is it a thing? It really isnt entertaining at all! And provides absolutely nothing.
Thats what im getting. Used samples of everything. Used wrangler for sure, a sporty 2door coupe and a big family car for everything else. Seems like the right route to go
Im not really sure and they havent stated or gone in specifics about "unmonitized" content. All i know is theyve had a lot of videos taken down by it simply having the word 'react' in it. They want to be a monopoly for react videos. Thats really all it comes down too.
Im sure itll be smaller. Im just hoping it has insane mood as well
I really hope it doesnt. Im hoping it looks like a baby tesla s
This actually works lol
Question: I already paid for my vive to get here, have my transaction number and everything, but the money hasn't been taken out of my account, why?
Yup used a credit card, just got my shipmemt info but still not balance take from my account well see what happens. Supposedly id get it by June, but idk hopefully its faster than that amd i get it sometimes this week
When the picture of his "uncle" popped up lol
Haha that was my favorite too
Talk about abnormal
So true *cries*
Fuck you
Pet fitness?
This should be thr to comment
For a second i thought this was r/cars lol
How so?
Same thing happened here in orange county, ca. It's now happening in corona
Currently 1035 and im wide awake lol
I was pretty excited lol posted so much about on my snapchat, there was a vid i took of me just inhaling it all in aha
It will grow. The market keeps growing and people keep buying.
Ditto. A lot of people don't do these things because they think they can't scale. Oh how wrong they are.
In short. Someone pays me to rank their things higher. Let's say you want to sell "x thing" I'm in charge of making sure that "x" hits the front page of your category/keywords. It's more of just advice than anything. Instead of you doing the work i sell you my experience. Things that i use to personally rank higher and get traffic within the Ecommerce websites.
Pm me your store/product and I'll see whats going on
How does this work? Byeams how do you refill?
Give or take, and not me personally, but the company Im currently working for yes. Depending on the day of the week. But average seems to be anywhere from 17k-20k/day Mondays, tuesdays, and Wednesdays seem to be the highest sales for whatever reason. So a typical week would look like this. Mon: 20k or + Tues: 20k Wed: 15k-20k Thur: 15k-19k Fri: 15k-18k And the weekends are just fucking weird and everywhere lol There have been times when we've hit 40k+, but that was about a month ago where we had a huge surge of traffic because a bunch of blogs started posting our stuff
Pokémon. Yugioh.
Why the hell do all of your pictures keep downloading automatically for me?
It really is! I'm trying to keep up! Lol
I'm currently about 230 pounds at 6'1ish and everyone says i don't look what i weigh
Yugioh or some variation of it
Whats a dupe? I just need help
The other was downvoted, i thought no one sees that anymore?
Anyways you can tell me how to do this step by step? When i was installing the vive i got a pop up saying my drivers needed to updated and i clicked on the window and downloaded something from Nvidia and then it said "your stuff is not compatible with what you downloaded" again i am sorry im just not very computer savvy at the moment. I know i should update the drivers so it can run better i just dont know how. Ill run the VIVE set up again and have the little pop up window show up again and download those drivers i just hope theyre right this time. How do i know what correct drivers to download?
Ohhhh didnt know it wasnt available? Ive seen it on steam but haven't bought it is it just available to some people?
Me too
Damnnnn you gitten dem moneys
Depends on your niche, usually I find that the best time is at 430 pm right before people get out of work or Thursdays at 9pm before they get paid friday at midnight. People waste more money when they know they have more coming in.
I'll check right now too!
Or country song!
How do you make the gods appear?
Agreed. Better save and buy when gen 2 drops. More refined games, better hardware overall. Buy honestly, it feels fucking great to be an early adopter and someone whos getting into unity it feels even better. Can't wait for the future. Haven't been this excited for video games since i was like 10. I am currently over 2 grand in this and have no regrets. Two monitors. HP Phoenix. And the vive. I'm happy with my investment it should last a very VERY long time :)
Seriously, i just can't see myself going back to regular video games it's insane
I'm sure you're the one percent but 99% of people using VR would be mad if they released a new one in a year. Haming systems are supposed to last years, 10 usually look at the Playstation and xbox, if htc releases another one in a year and not concentrate on updating the current model A LOT of people would be really pissed off
Personally i really doubt there will be yearly iterations of the VR systems, i see this as more of a console because it is. If oculus and htc want to make this as mainstream and available as possible (which they do) they wont release yearly or even bi yearly. I expect to get a new spec model every two or three years with updates and available upgrades of it inbetween but a new full spec model? Don't think so honestly. But since we are in early stages i wouldnt be surprised if another one comes out within a year or less.
Personally i really doubt there will be yearly iterations of the VR systems, i see this as more of a console because it is. If oculus and htc want to make this as mainstream and available as possible (which they do) they wont release yearly or even bi yearly. I expect to get a new spec model every two or three years with updates and available upgrades of it inbetween but a new full spec model? Don't think so honestly. But since we are in early stages i wouldnt be surprised if another one comes out within a year or less.
Then I'm not sure honestly. Id be mad if next years gen blew this one out of the water though, id still buy it it's not like i can't afford it. But like i said, a completely NEW model i.e controllers, cameras, headset, things like that i don't think theyll be another Vive 2 for like another 2 years although I'm talking out of my ass and not really sure. If they release one next year id still buy it and sell the old one. Its just one of those things you know
Me too!
Major?
Where are you now?
Nice, you could probably pay that off in two years. Lets say you start at like 50k, save half. Then the year after do it again. Boom
Lol I'm a commoner there. And if you look at it, 60-80k in debt really isnt that much if you get your shit together. With engineering degree you could easily make 50k your first year then move up from there. Its all about saving and not spending on dumb things. Just have your priorities straight. That's really it. Good luck though you'll be fine :)
Yes it does!
Yep still early access, needs more weapons and stuff
Haven't played it but i love me some lab longbow
Haven't played it but i love me some lab longbow
Furreal, i love me some space pirate
Son they'll be the size of phones
Back in mah day we still had cords! I couldn't walk to central park and play i was conformed to my room!
What? Lol no its trigga like a pistol and king well, as in king lol Im not 31 by the way haha
Exciting! The more we can get it out there the better!
Will have a new xbox if it does
Where do you buy this?
Lol thats me
Been hearing a lot from battle done, care to share what it's kinds about?
Wow that was amazing description thank you so much i will be picking it up today! I love how you said thr vive is an experience and not a video game, it really and i whole heartedly agree. I feel you on the quake reference it feels like were all in the early stages of say some huge thing before it starts blowinh up like crazy its like one of those things where you know its gonna be huge and innovative and you're an early adopter, it feels amazing.
Seriously it's the most polished game for vive right now imo. It's just so crisp and pretty.
Holy crap! More secrets?
Ive made android games before and ive been using cad and design programs for a while now, i dont have VR gaming experience, but i do have experience
Lol that sneaky Infringement
Lol 100% of entrepreneurs do it for the money
Because people are liars and want to make themselves feel better. Everyone who starts a business does it for the money. Whoever tells you otherwise is placing them self on a pedestal and is lying to you
Because people are liars and want to make themselves feel better. Everyone who starts a business does it for the money. Whoever tells you otherwise is placing them self on a pedestal and is lying to you
Exactly.
Did you have a sword? Lol
Papa bless
The best kind
Look im not trying to be a dick but its true, the biggest reason why people do it is for some sort of financial return, whether that be for freedom or security or the ability to help others
Freedom is money. Unless you just wanna live in the woods and hunt for food. Which there's nothing wrong with that
I don't think you understand what im trying to say. Freedom = money Security = money Helping people = money Look at Elon musk, without paypal he would have never been able to afford tesla or solar city or space x
Cool
I've had more fun with the free games than with the ones i paid for. Vr desktop sucks (I HAVE to be on my computer to use it) Out of ammo is fun but bleh, not polished and not worth the money H3VR is also pretty bleh The Lab is amazing. All of it. Destinations is pretty cool for like 10 minutes, although the labs destinations is better honestly. Walts of the wizard is FANTASTIC Battldome is honestly the only game i was okay buying, cosmic trip is pretty good too Poolnation will be my next game for sure
Why throwing fireballs? Launch them! It has been asked from the community for so long
I like the video but god i can't stand how youtubers over act everything! Seriously i get that you have to get views and lithe kids love that shit but idk man i cant stand when youtubers over react and are super loud for an audience
Agreed spending 15 dollars on vr desktop and realizing it was shit i watch which gakes i buy
Holy shit that looks like it took forever
I'm the marketing director for a section of our Ecommerce electrical company. But i wanna leave to a different company to get paid more lol hopefully thats the case a year from now! Or sooner! Or idk really lol Also looking intimate game dev for the vive, someones going to hit it BIG! and i want a chance at that!
Dude the lab is like the one of the best VR experiences. Longbow is still my absolute favorite game on it. Its so polished and looks so...beautiful.
I will my brother. Praise the vive. Papa bless.
Yeah i need to see myself, if OP is truly as hot as hes put out to be, its time to pay him to tech me how to be better looking
I'm 100% straight. Am i being selfish for keeping myself from the gays? Idk man. I dont wanna be a dick you know.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Lol my exact thought
How long did this take? What did you use to design?
I'm 24 lol
Didn't even know the game was out!
Best buy sucks man, at least from an electronics stand point. Everytime i go in the i get given false information. I bought a pc that i thought would run with my vive because one of the guys there told me it would because it runs his "COD game super awesome with no lag", i was pretty dumb for falling for it though.
Didnt even know it was still running lol
ELI5?
Fuck. I'm like barley hitting that 6ft x 5ft thing lol
Seriously lol
Lol oh you beamer boys
They really are though. Stay away from Irvine.
Old mercs are reliable as fuuuck. Those things are tanks. Source: Used to work for Mercedes
It really is. Except the p85
What about them spoilers on them civics
We're making around 20k/day on amazon. Pm me if you want to ask some questions, im not on r/entrepreneur that much anymore but i try to help when i have time.
It is. Just sucks the profit margin down low sucks. Wish the OP had more. Wish him the best.
PL? OA/RA? im not very good with abbreviations
Eh, preferences i guess.
Yes
Lynda.com is like everything tutorial right?
Or every shot can be absorbed?
Is the 1080 THAT much better than the gtx 970?
It honestly hurts lol but it's worth it
Hahahahahahaha 10 dollars an hour for ecommerce spec
Holy shot 30 mil
Big fish in a small pond*
Aw damn didn't know that
Really? Didn't know that could happen! Damn nvm
Fuck you op
Hahaha teach me!
I hate beer. I hate big tits. (Ass man) i hate watching sports. Don't like guns or pickup trucks. I like fast cars and woman with nice butts.
Fuck dude. Talk about good positioning holy shit lol youre better than i am 😂😂😂
I use Oanda for my small account amd Traders Way for my bigger account
I am longing in my bigger account not this one. This account is simply to understand patterns which is why you see that buy lot there
We dont have vendors. We have a couple other platforms we sell it on but our business is to consumer not to reseller directly. And these items we do not sell big lots to business' because os this reason. Would it be possible to have someone order it on amazon and just send it to an amazon warehouse? And thats how they are using vendor merchant?
Thanks for the advice will definitely have to ask our manufacturer and see if they are doing anything but most likely, we think its just a customer than is reselling our stuff to amazon
Looks like the spirit bomb hitting the ground
Took you long enough lol
https://imgur.com/70fbVbL USDTRY is going to keep rising. There is no banking system and its pretty bad over there. Its like the USDMEX pair right now.
This is very true.
I wouldn't pay anything
I seriously hope it is. I wish op all the luck in the world if it isnt
Here for when someone confirms that they took it or at least walked around. I have some free time right now so ill see how it goes and get back to guys in 8 hours
How it was said discipline. Make sure your emotions are in tact and your trading for the smart reasons not because you have a "gut feeling"
Seriously. I really don't think anyone cares that it blew up
already done
No clue where my roots are from other than Mexico. It would be interesting to see for myself where else im from. I have always gotten that i look Persian and cuban so maybe i would end up with some background in that. But i highly recommend everyone try it. Just to see. I know i am!
That looks better + more power
Not surprised
We need to save the ocean
10/10 i always wanted a bike too. Never got one.....1/10
I do. I lied about the bike.
weve been mentioned before on some. But never really this big lol I want to say id reach out to blogs but if by doing nothing were getting these results wed rather waste our time on optimization and handling all the backend stuff for amazon and ebay than reaching out
Not surprised, that down back in like september was just a foreshadow. Shouldve held man...shouldve held :/
Lol you're just like my gf, she always says i have a "poor choice of words" i dontean waste time, i just meant time used in other more important manners
I don't understand why "influencers" and businesses dont cooperate more. If your product is selling good on amazon or ebay, theres benefits for the both of you
Complete surprise. Didnt contact them at all
Hahaha seriously? Thays cool didnt think id see someone who would use our products here lol
Thank you! We actually saw our sales at 20k super early and figured we had been mentioned somewhere And we so not check any website regularly much, we simply type in our business name into google. Check the 24 hour mark and see where our name shows up
Usb c/tb 3? Can you explain what tb is?
No theres a whole team. Marketing director, amazon/ebay specialists, warehouse people, accountants, social media, tech, etc Around 40% is profit. The rest goes to paying employees/finances
Do you REALLY think people are going to be transparent about this? Lol cmon give me a break. Ask him about category, but dont ask him about EXACT product. Thats stupid.
How many listings do you have in total?
why sorry?
Yeah you don't. You don't have any reason to not share your product.
Oh! Thats who that is!
Hahaha
send!
Dope
Wayyyyyyy after
Yes but thats not the issue! I NEED it to close on my TP! What if it went the other way and hit my stop loss because the TP didnt work, thats the issue
Mt4
Exactly my thoughts. His reaction time is insane
Holy shit dude
YNAB?
Everyone's means, resources and cost of living is different, if you can afford reliability. Do it. You NEVER want to be left stranded somewhere. If spending 15k bus you reliability and confidence in your vehicle do it. It will more than pay off.
What? I'm confused s little lol
House, sorry lol
Except for that.
Aw, thats beautiful man
Aw man I'm sorry. But it seems like you have a lifetime of great memories to remember him by. Seemed like a great guy. I'm sure he always thought the same about you
Ahahaha thank you
Canada? Edit: Why the downvote? Isnt canada a good guess? Theyre super nice up there.
Wtf is this
Holy shit, didn't even know that was happening in santa ana, was this down 4th street? Dtsa?
Never will. Love compact
You have no idea. I could've cleared 100k in an hour but didnt because my lost were a dollar, but i mean no one knows what gonna happen
think its gonna go back up?
Ahahaha why does every trader here always say this lol
-___-
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Thank you very much!
Oh snap lol
You could lose more weight and take off that beard. Looks like pubes bro. Keep losing weight.
Woooo losses! :D Jk it sucks lol but i reckon I'll make it back
I didnt, we were all interviewed not really sure who filed it honestly. It was out of the blue.
Exactly what i was thinking. They just didn't know he was going for it
How the fuck is more like it
Yep, it was dope
How does someone become this?
You ONLY trade 4 hours a day and ONLY seeing $140 Returns /month? That is LOW
Will be gettin gthis thank you
Look at the original [Supra](https://walldevil.com/wallpapers/w03/878180-blue-cars-houses-jdm-japanese-domestic-market-toyota-supra-tuning.jpg) and also its [Prototype](http://www.carsaddiction.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/2014-toyota-supra.jpg)....thats why
Looks like a supra did its sister and out came this. It just doesnt look as mean as it used to or even close to the edgyness the prototype had. Looks too much like a miata. It looks feminine and thats not the supra. Its the queen of drag racing, but it always looked like a king
At least the McLaren can drive. The g wagon drives like fucking shit and i can never own one. They are scary as fuck to drive. I always hated them.
I REALLY eamt those cars but i RARELY pull cars from crates :/
The almighty king
Not yet, but we are planning to expand soon. We are currently hitting 25k/day and were still not sure about international yet. i Would say it depends greatly on your numbers and if your product can be used internationally.
That makes me feel great, thank you
gotcha thank you!
Seems abnormal though? Over the course of less than a week? I'll increase my weight as it seems like the common sense thing to do, but like rhe comment above yours stated, maybe it is the protein bar. = more energy?
Thats great dude, last season i barely hit gold, this season when we were doing ranking prelims i got platinum off the bath and am gold in everything
This was amazing. 10/10.
Haha sorry about that, didnt mean for it to sound like a brag or anything. Best advice, Stick to one currency pair. Find out how it works. It also helps that im trading bigger lots.
Rawrajdhcofbsksdifbckdjehdidbdi! Si!
Because ebay give the #1 spot to your item for about 24 hours, after that if it doesnt sell it gets thrown to the depth of hell Keep relisting every week if no sales, and if you have no sales after a month, relist again ebay ecom director here for a big player on ebay
Its about a 50k account, going into 61k right now
Trade 10 lots
Thats completely different from what i asked lol
There is no other answer other than weddings. Not even joking you can make a lot of money by opening up a venue and not charging that muchm if you stay under the 5K mark I can almost guarantee you that you will be booked every weekend.
currently planning my wedding, the amount some venues charge is absolutely nuts and there is DEFINITELY a niche for cheaper venue space. My advice, Start off by renting it as a wedding venue for around 3k, then when you get a lot more customers bump it up to 5K even. Some places charge like 10K and they are so crappy.
im not joking i want to find out really bad lol
WHATS GOING ON!
Cmon guys, don't do this to me
Oh god...no...really i just want to find out who this person is
This wasnt a ploy dude, im being 100% serious, this happens all the time rocket league
NO YOURE NOT STOP IT!
Ohmygod may god help me lol
Not even once :/
"Sir, hand you had anything to drink tonight?" "Yeh"
It's such a simple smooth move too
His drake one is fucking hilarious https://youtu.be/aLX6I4Q79q8
was it just for that day? i dont see it anymore
It's fast, loud and super obnoxious.
Rocket League. This shits an addiction man.
Fuck.
Man i came in late whats going on?
tradersway
damn mine doesnt look like that :(
Honestly it does sound like a hot piece of garbage lol but it's so obnoxious and fun I look it over haha
Than you for this, I'm gong to make it as quiet as possible now, I think this is the route I'm going. After about 2k rpm it's just annoying.
What do you recommend as far as a new full exhaust?
I think the Toyota supra has aged pretty well. The 350z and the 370z are aging pretty well too.
Id be happy to, just you know, dont have money to drop on it right now lol
What... What is that lol
Yeah most people on here are completely against kicking him out
Hahahaha nice
The funny thing is, i wouldnt be surprised if this shit actually hits bitcoin levels haha
!redditgarlic
Yo everyone seemed so happy and calm with life back then. The 90's really was a golden time to be alive and go through
How's the hr for yah? Been looking to trade up to that or a 370z
Do you recommend anything there? I'll be there in like 2 weeks!
yes, everyone comfortabley took their lunches when they pleased. Now i according to new schedule i have to take mine 2 hours before my normal lunch and an hour before everyone else.
so they need to offer the lunch break, they dont necessarily have the power to control when it is taken? Ill take this to r/legaladvice
By "this" I mean the fitment. As in how do I get my wheels to look that big and pretty much have that snug look without there being any gaps from the tires and wheels in between the car. Do I need bigger wheels and tires? If so what size? Do I need to lower my car? How? With what?
Nissan 350z https://imgur.com/gallery/fQxqu
it is, the whole car is stock apart from the exhaust and a jwt popcharger I have installed
so i should go down on tire size? down to like 35 or something? ive been hearing that thrown around a lot so like 285/35r18?
still new at this, so i have no clue lol But i can update soon!
gotcha thanks
This dude always makes quality, why doesn't psyonix pay this man for these trails? Jesus. There should be a player created shop through Rocket League that way this dude makes money and the community is happy
15% is actually a perfect acos for us. But 18% is still good. It just means that were still profiting at this ACOS
Start an auto campaign. Let it run for 2 weeks. Take all the keywords that actually had a sale through them. Add them to your manual campaign.
Spend more than you should. Expect a loss at PPC. The first 3 months of launching a product are the most important months. Break even or at a loss. Just use PPC to rank organically or get as many sales as you can even at a loss.
For these I ran separate campaigns. Keeps everything better organized and you hey a better sense of what keywords specifically work for what items and their different variations. Add the search terms to your listing to get impressions. If you exact match for "gaming mouse "and that keyword isn't inyour listing, amazon won't show it Phrase match only matches in the direction you phrase it. Phrase matching "gaming mouse" will not return for "mouse for gaming"
About 30 ASINS. started february. 1 year ago I was at about 2 million ppc sales.
Yes.
If it's mechanically good, buy it. Just change that ridiculous front bumper, unless that's your style
you seem youre doing fine whats the issue?
What a dream
no as in literally giving it away for free
You're doing 50k/day? That's around the same as us.
That's actually the highest volume category in amazon good luck!
Well we are our own brand so the difference is definitely there. But it lever hurts although I do think the biggest point of PPC is white label items competing against well branded ones
We manufacture our own items. Our margin is much higher than 24.6
High bids on your most important keywords
Tires, exhaust, intake is finished, just want the tu tu tu tu tu sound
Dont live in irvine. Orange, Tustin, Anaheim, Santa ana is getting pretty nice, costa mesa. There is PLENTY in OC. And with a 120k salary you will have more than enough for everything you need and more so. You'll be fine.
I work in Irvine also. I've been looking in lake forest and I've seen some good ones also mission Viejo surprisingly
Exactly whatI'm looking for thank you
Thank you!
Haha I should've been more clear. A take profit instead of a click and get out. I wanna set a take profit limit but unsure how to go about the analytical side to it.
man if you can figure out thatd be great im having a super hard time with this lol Just dont know how to exclude the text from the formula or if there even is a way
EUREKA THIS WORKS!
I did not know that! I'm new here thank you! :)
Solution verified
Prius'
straight pipes, theyre annoyingly good
You mean her?
Some backstory: I found this watch last week at the beach on a lifeguard thingy in California. The watch is a bit scratched up but works perfectly and the blue thing rotates and stuff. The strap is a bit worn from the back and the back of the watch there's an engraved get with like a rectangular box that looks like it should have someone's name on it. Sort of like a signature box. I Google the name "frecce tricolore" but I couldn't find much info on this watch specifically. Other than some breitling watches showed up but this watch does not have breitling written anywhere on it. Any insight or somewhere I can go for someone to tell me where from?
Not really sure where this watch came from or what it is. But I found it last week at the beach by a lifeguard post. I posted it on reddit and kept getting removed countless times asking for help but someone from imgur said it was a Memphis belle. Does anyone have any information on this watch? I looked on the site but couldn't find anything matching this watch. No exact model. Where can I take it to have someone tell me what exactly it is? Thanks all!
Yeah but its a custom indicator that I installed on PC, no clue how to install it on mobile I already have the app
Thieving little shit
I'm not unfortunately, but how do I know it doesnt carry that function? How do i get to "SendMail()" and "SendNotification()" from the PC MT4?
not that simple, there is a bunch of data in between them
Solution Verified
......
You're gonna need roommates.
4chan has all the credibility lol
What's UI after the 10000?
I'm sure turbos are universal, at least most are. There aren't many turbos for specific models or at least none that the piping cant be modified slightly but I guess that would ruin the misconception of universal. If you're running an Ebay turbo on a LS engine and want to run it on a Lambo I see no reason why it wouldn't work. A lot of people knock on ebay/chinese turbos, but they're just steel. It's like fake watches. Sure that rolex is definitely not real, but it works exactly the same and does exactly what a it's supposed to do and does it well.
That's not true, theirs plenty of people on the forums and youtube who've built they're cars with Ebay turbo kits well over 20000 miles
Thank you, I'll do some research on it
Correct
We are
youre looking for the whole thing?
Why?
Yeah astro is pretty good
| Access is like learning how to use an english to french translator. It prevents you from needing to know the initial basics but hamstrings your scalability long term and instead of getting good at french you get good at using the translator. Really good explanation thank you
this was my first thought, its nuts how there should be at least something under the seat to move it manually should've come that way from the factory
indeed they do my child
this can work, but i want it all to be done under one formula, i want to make this as simple as possible since the values are going to be copied onto yet another sheet
Yes
