When can we read some afterreports? :)
Early versions of ToME4 looked a lot like Angband. But the UI and gameplay have both changed considerably since.
No way, even Byron wasn't as bad as that demon :( All out religious demonic force with terrible CGI flames? I'll take the singing Byron over that any day...
Lyta's development through Byron is interesting though. The telepaths weren't that interesting as a group, but seeing how the others interacted with them revealed a few new things. In particular Sheriden having to deal with troublesome rebels, and Lyta learning the truth of how warped and used she's been. If the Byron arc had been condensed and more thrown in about Lyta's resulting terrorism involvement I think it could have been far more gripping.
You need to calm down and step out of this thread. It's fine to dislike a game, but don't start attacking individuals.
If you go to Z'Ha'Dum, you will die... Sure lived up to its promise :)
Few dozen is fine for this sort of gathering. Do it! Get IRDC USA 2016 scheduled now!
A pretty good introductory article for anyone unfamiliar with roguelikes in general :)
Yay, a write-up! I'm glad the meet-up was a success, and it sounds like there's good appetite for more in future. In the past we've struggled to get anyone motivated to run this before, so big kudos to /u/heroicfisticuffs for kicking this all off! I was sorry to miss it, but it sounds like my name was invoked a good deal :-/ Poor local Nethack players must have been so confused... Hopefully next year's IRDC will get roughly scheduled soon. I can then try to convince my fiancée that we should have our honeymoon around the same time and place ;)
Well there was a push to maximise numbers on this to make best use of the space. If you're restricted on numbers then concentrate on getting key people instead.
Thanks! We've done both hunger clock and hero trap. What other tropes are you thinking about?
No corruption involved there - just 45 minutes of me talking to myself.
There were issues with the outtro recording, and a few people's submissions were too low quality to include, but overall it went fine :)
Welcome to the fun! The roguelike community is pretty awesome :D Just don't ask us about the definition of 'roguelike'... ;)
We had a procedural generation episode, but not one specifically on levels. To be honest it's not an easy thing to discuss in audio - you kinda want diagrams and code snippets to demonstrate points in depth. Jim's IRDC talk on level design in Dungeonmans is brilliant: http://www.twitch.tv/irdc_usa/c/6781057
It's most of what we received - a few we couldn't use due to audio issues. But in the scale of all YASDs ever, this is nowhere near representative of the total human suffering roguelikes have caused ;)
I'm not sure if I have much positive to say about either topic, but I'll see if I can get on people with different views ;)
Give Hoplite a go. It's a mobile game, quick to play, very tactical, has the core roguelike formula. I know very few people who haven't found it addictive :) From there try to branch into the bits you like the most or what you feeling is missing for a fuller experience.
Sad fact is the same is true about fantasy. Fantasy is utterly limitless, but it always ends up Tolkien spin-offs.
PRIME is like a sci-fi version of Nethack. Might want to check it out for inspiration. Does a lot of fun things - has corrupted floppy disks and so on. What I'd love to see is a cyberpunk roguelike :)
Heh, I couldn't guarantee, but I would try my best to attend.
And Babylon 5 ranks...?
Sorry, but this isn't the place for promotional posts, especially when it's not a traditional roguelike.
Not sure, but you may want to try /r/roguelites.
Woohoo! Keep us updated. One of the joys of this sub is hearing the "wow" posts from new viewers :)
Butt of the joke? This is a silly way to think of an xkcd strip. I took it to be an absurdist piece (think if it had been coffee instead) with maybe some reflection on people that do drink beer just to fit in (definitely happens).
I swear I've been on dozens of wine tasting and have been forced to drink the stuff at countless occasions. Screw this acquired taste malarky, and screw everyone trying to tell me that I just need to drink more. I just don't like wine! :P
Randall lives in the Boston area - I find it hard to believe he's not exposed to good beers. Option c) is that he just genuinely doesn't like beer, option d) is that he was making an absurd joke.
As someone much beyond college, when I mention that I don't drink I suddenly get long speeches about "oh, well *I* only drink on these days..." or some other guilt-ridden speech. I'm almost tempted to drink just to make them shut up :P
It has essentially been running on the Patreon model for years before Patreon existed.
Hoplite and Ending are both fantastic for a stripped-down roguelike experience. WazHack for something much heavier (ie. more "stuff" in it) but with a twist on the usual roguelike presentation. Cardinal Quest 2 for another detailed game with good variety.
Well, depends a little on what you're after! If it's mastery of a system, Brogue is calling for you. If you want many race/class options and a bit of a role playing experience ADOM is perfect. If you want something smaller and tighter but just as addictive then say hello to Hoplite. If you want something giant and messy then CataclysmDDA or DF:AM both could swallow you up. If you want something big but with streamlines and innovations in gameplay then check out ToME4.
I feel like this is beyond even the 7-year mark, into an 10+ year zone of "embarrassing to man and beast in both our languages".
There are two modes to it - the first is preset puzzles, the second is open procedural roguelike-ish levels. Give the latter a go, it's awesome!
There's a python + libtcod tutorial that's absolutely perfect for you. It includes lots of standard roguelike code and the tutorial hand holds you through the early process. Once you have a basic game together it's easy to then play with the different elements to turn it into whatever you like. You can find it here: http://www.roguebasin.com/index.php?title=Complete_Roguelike_Tutorial,_using_python%2Blibtcod
At the moment those sorts of posts are deleted. I only let LPers post a single ep from a series and only for traditional roguelikes (so not DF, though Adventure Mode gets a pass). Part of having a dedicated thread would mean letting people post new eps of ongoing series in that thread. At the moment there's no way to advertise new eps in the series without spamming the subreddit.
Yeah, that's pretty much what we do here now.
It would likely work a little better than there because we'd have regulars coming to post their LPs every week. Less need to constantly teach the rules to newcomers.
Other countries like Turkey have physically blocked the likes of Facebook for a lot less. Not that this is relevant - reddit haven't given any law-related reason for their actions, just their own community standards. The whole point of the xkcd linked at the top is that the rush to the law in these debates is absurd. If you're kicked out of a social place for doing something against the rules of that community and your only recourse is "yeah, but it's not illegal!" then that probably makes you more of a prick.
The banning reasons was for harassment, not free speech. Not that I care about the free speech element. There's no such thing as true free speech, and expecting that from a commercial organisation is in itself worthy of ridicule. Getting into a storm over not being able to tell fat jokes is downright hilarious.
But the downvote is used to mark content that is lacking in reasoning or smells of conspiracy nut.
You're saying a harassment policy is a bad thing? They've evolved their policies to deal with becoming a much bigger thing that when reddit started. As this happens you inevitably need new policies to keep in tow the most extreme elements. And you inevitably piss off a few people in the process...
It's interesting that you attack Pao for having ideologies when your real problem is that she doesn't follow your own extreme ideology. I don't really think ideology has much to do with this from the admins. They have rules, people broke those rules. If it was really ideology driven we'd see far far more than just 5 subreddits banned.
I love how "slippery slope" is used to attack everything. Banning FPH is a slippery slope to restricted speech and supporting racism! Allowing FPH is a slippery slope to all-out wars between subs! Ultimately saying something's a "slippery slope" is outright reducto ad absurdum - anything can be a slippery slope to anything else if you want it to support your internet argument.
Yeah, it is that extreme a view, because as you know illegality gets crazy hard to define in this situation. You can go full permissive or full totalitarian with it - many reddit subs are absolutely illegal in various countries. Reddit is a corp with a media interest to protect, so expecting them to only act in the most extreme illegal cases is not reasonable. But even beyond that, there are many dickish things in the world that aren't illegal - we shouldn't defend them just because they aren't outright illegal. The law doesn't exist to provide a moral code for social interactions - *we* decide that by what we say and do.
I see it as extreme because it's impractical for a social group. As a comparison, /u/soccer never did anything illegal or against reddit rules, but we all bloody well wanted rid of him. The essence of Western freedom of speech legislation means that the law only gets involved at the most extreme of cases. The law is almost worthless for any sort of social moderation, and using that for the only rule leads to... well, 4chan. To me this idealism of minimal administration is an impractical dream, especially on a site as big and as noted in the media as Reddit.
I don't think its been working entirely hunky-dory, and in particular I think online hate groups have become much more active and organised in the last year - Gamergate especially. Reddit don't want this place as home to organised harassment campaigns and I think that's quite sensible. Yishan Wong's statement seems to tie in reasonably well with what Reddit said yesterday - they're banning for actions, not opinions. Harassment of individuals is not a form of free speech. I don't entirely know what harassment went down (I've heard of many allusions to pics and doxxing of imgur employees, and pics of a trans teenager misused) but it seems clear they're not attacking ideologies, which is why so many horrendous subs still stand. I agree that it still seems inconsistent, and that Reddit admins have been poor at communicating their actions. Transparency is something they said they wanted to promote but aren't doing too well on so far.
Well, the harassing bit of Gamergate, as opposed to the general complaining bit or the serious about ethics bit, or whichever other bit :) And part of the problem here is that fatpeoplehate was being used innocently by many to make jokes about fat people. But some, including the mods, were misusing the sub terribly. The stories about attacking suicidal people sounded especially bad. In fact it's pretty awful that nothing has happened till now. Illegality is very messy in these situations!
At the moment it is moderated to be that way. The proposed change is to be more inclusive (including new episodes in a series) but restricted to a single thread.
Free only for the Roguelike of the Week feature. That way anyone can join in at no cost. And there are enough free roguelikes out there that don't get enough attention.
What you should have done is hit the report button and I would have noticed and removed it sooner :-)
If you pray whilst on good health with poison or sickness then the god will heal the ailment. So effectively pray twice in a row to save yourself from strong poison. Also if you keeping applying first aid after each poison spasm it helps you survive.
Every year a bunch of Seven Day Roguelikes are made (games made in 7 days) and the top bunch are always awesome short roguelikes. [PrincessRL](http://flend.net/princessrl/) and [Vicious Orcs](http://www.zincland.com/7drl/orcs/) are particular standouts, but check out the review listings for [2010](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2010/), [2011](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2011/), [2012](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2012/), [2013](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2013/), [2014](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2014/) and [2015](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2015/).
No information lately. ADOM has been quiet for a while - I'm guessing real life issues are getting in the way of the fiddly bug-fixing/polish that's needed. The CoQ devs have been busy releasing Sproggiwood on mobile (where it has been very well received, perhaps delaying Qud work.
Would you prefer another generic fantasy dungeon crawler? :P
Or a bit you could swear is "rough-ass art" and it's not till you're humming it one day that a friend informs you it's actually "love your heart". What I don't get with the song lyrics thing is that some people seem to magically know all the words and sing along easily, when the best I can do is "dum de doo-dooo dah-duh, rough-ass art duh-doo!"
I wonder if the "Seal Team Six" thing is actually a double-bluff. Everyone thinks There's just that unit, whilst the other 5 operate in secret. When people hear things about teams 1-5 they assume it's a deliberate navy hoax...
Ah! I thought it was Ivanova at first.
Don't blame everything on "feminazis". For a start it makes you sound like a dismissive chauvinist. I wrote all the breeding pits lore and came up with the design for the zone, and I was pretty upset when it was removed. But I understand some people had issues with it, particularly as it was implemented. At the time DarkGod and I tried doing some tweaks to make it work better in terms of both gameplay and setting, but there had been so much controversy already (especially with people who had never played it jumping in and complaining) that it didn't work out and DG cut it out instead. I hope it will make it bad in some modified form one day.
I have a tonne of other content in the game, so I don't mind too much. As a contributor one can't be too previous. Sometimes cuts are better for the game, and I certainly didn't want the breeding pits projecting a bad image of the game or putting off players.
Don't forget get Barrett date in HD!!
One of the issues with the dungeon is that it was intended as a very late game thing, after one has learned the full lore of the orcs. But gameplay wise the incentive was for people to do it first thing in the East, because of the effect on patrols and all the easy loot and xp. So new players were being told to go do that first, and without the context of the orc's history were presented with something horrific that seemed out of place with the rest of the game. I also think some of the language used is more accepted within some subcultures than in other communities internationally. Mentions of "distended vulvas" in particular seemed to gross people out! I think next time I'll introduce something with bulbous penises... ;) It's easy to be critical of people who are offended by something when not offended yourself. But their criticisms are still criticisms, and if people don't like the content then it may simply not fit. Getting defensive about it doesn't help anyone. If DarkGod wanted to reintroduce the zone I'd suggest only having it appear for people who have already won the game, or who have already collected all the orc history lore. With context (and a few gameplay tweaks to reduce the zone rewards) I think people would be more accepting of it. For the upcoming orcs expansion as far as I'm aware the breeding pits will still be canon, as well as the sacking of them by the evil adventurer from the West. The impending doom of genocide will be a significant factor in the plot for the orcs.
That might have affected things a bit. You didn't get introduced to the characters in the right way, you didn't see them grow as much over time. The characters are the heart of Babylon 5, and especially important is seeing the season 1 buffoonish Londo and rage-fuelled G'Kar change into the people they become later.
Oh, I'm very sorry - I mixed you up with the OP who said he hated the show!
Not enough Summer Glau. Though personally I thought Furiosa was cooler.
Haha, there's no worry about that here - you never actually encounter other players. Instead you see the changes players make to the world as they play themselves, and when they die you can come across their corpses. It leads to some really interesting scenarios. You come across some looted buildings, their windows smashed and cupboards raided, traces of fights nearby. You follow the trail and come across a bunker someone has built, but now it's overrun by zombies. You fight through the zombies and find a corpse, containing some nice weapons but no ammo. There's a story to be traced there of a previous player's conquest. It really fits the ghostly atmosphere of Cataclysm, because you only ever see traces of activity, never actual other players.
Shh, no one's meant to know about the tentacles! :-/
Banned.
There is a gradation here with some games falling on different parts of the random-procedural spectrum, but ultimately every instance of proc gen is "controlled randomisation". Binding of Isaac is pretty poor at this, being more random than procedural in my books, but Spelunky is actually incredibly clever and inventive in how it sews its levels together. From a design point of view it has a tonne of interesting lessons. Lots of traditional roguelikes, including Rogue and Nethack, have little in the way of interesting procedural generation. Rooms and corridors are laid about randomly, as are items and monsters. There is no part of the game concentrating on making interesting levels, it just mashes things together with a few constraints and hopes for the best. Which actually works great! It makes things unpredictable, it leads to bizarre and memorable situations. But if you want real procedural content creation check out something like [TraumaRL](http://flend.net/traumarl/index.html), with its graph-based level planning.
Well you have all the major boxes ticked there. Hell, there's decades of gameplay in those titles, why do you want anything more? :P My only recommendation might be [The Curious Expedition](http://www.curious-expedition.com/), with is an exploration-based roguelite with survival elements. Managing resources whilst exploring for treasure / trying not to go insane is very fun. Doesn't have traditional roguelike combat and interactions though.
Reminds me of a nightmare I had once were I was turned into a newborn baby, but couldn't control my vocal cords or limbs properly in the weak baby body, and my thoughts and memories all started fading away from my undeveloped brain, whilst all I could do was cry and cry and cry... When I woke up from that dream I didn't want to open my eyes in fear that it was true :-/
A little request - put some more details of what the site is and does on the main page, so that anyone stumbling on it knows what's there. It just needs a line or two to give some context.
Having spoken to the developers in person about this precise subject, they're actually attempting exactly the opposite. They've deliberately included lesser known historical women and people of colour to try and repaint that era from the usual told history of white men doing everything.
You don't see all the crap I have to delete in the background! A lot of amateur let's players want to post their Spelunky or Isaac vids here, without engaging with the community or being a part of the subreddit. Rule 2 helps me keep discussion more relevant here. I've started up YouTube Tuesdays to give a legitimate outlet to this content without having the front page spammed to hell.
It's more a matter of quantity. Roguelike-likes tend to be commercial and much more successful / well-known than traditional roguelikes. This means more people are doing LPs of them, and there are more financial incentives going round. Anyone doing a traditional roguelike LP on the other hand is clearly doing it out of passion. So we had the problem here of people posting numerous LP links, and usually they were people with zero post history here and zero connection to the community. It was spam essentially. I don't have the time to check every post to identify spam so I made rule 2 as an easy way to filter things while still being transparent. Of course it does mean some good content gets blocked, which is why I started the weekly LP round-up thread. Anyone motivated to post there must be part of the community :) Whether it works out or not remains to be seen!
I'm afraid I have to remove this post for violating rediquette and rule 2 in the sidebar. For this to be your only post in this subreddit is quite against the community-based spirit of Reddit. I've added /r/baronygame to the sidebar list of other subreddits. I'll also have a think of how to allow more promotion of releases here, maybe with a monthly release round-up.
I think the sections where people could vote for multiple options would be better represented with bar charts. Otherwise, good job!
That's a tricky question because you then have to consider what does or doesn't fit the bill. It's not something that can be easily enforced.
Ah, good point! I'll think about how best to phrase this.
7DRLs I'm not counting for that question, as many are easy to beat and many meander from the traditional path. Some people don't count 7DRLs as traditional at all due to lower scope. But yeah, that question should maybe be "a big traditional roguelike". The point is to see how people fit on the spectrum of play experience, though the simple "number of years" can indicate that too.
Should this be added to the Rules as a rule 0? I know "be civil" should go without saying, but having it in the rules can help with enforcing moderation. It also helps remind people that they can report such posts (often toxic comments in minor threads go unseen by mods). A few months ago I added "Be nice" as rule 1 on /r/roguelikes and it's helped a lot with moderation and justifying actions.
Zero G hot tubs are the best :)
The curmudgeonly people aren't the type to go to these events :) Plus I think many people are nicer in person than they are online...
I can imagine zero g water torture being even worse!
Up to your opinion when filling in the poll!
Ah, yes, haha - a hard thing to communicate :) Complexity and emergent complexity are both in my feature list, possibly badly worded there as well. The question on "which features do you enjoy" I'm hoping will show a bit of the player preference you're talking about.
I think 1-5 is about right for people to make snap decisions. The stats all get aggregated anyway, so I don't think 1-10 helps and makes it a little trickier to answer. I'll have a think about how to approach the "current play" thing :)
Excellent points, thanks!
Your opinion still counts :P And there is an almost won option - level 26 of Brogue definitely counts!
The term has been around since Spelunky. I think it started as a bit of a joke :) If you think that word is ridiculous then never learn to speak German!
Hey, please don't post every video here. We have a video round-up thread on Tuesdays where you can list all your vids of the week.
That's a perfect question :)
Well I think these questions are more directed at me than the panel of devs, so I'll answer them here instead if that's okay :) Starting from July Mark Johnson and I will be having weekly Skype calls to record Roguelike Radio episodes. The intention is to get different guests on for different topics, and to build up a set of regulars we can call on who are able to talk about a variety of topics (DarkGod, Jim Shepard, Tanya Short and Kawa are all prime people at the mo). We also have an audio wizard regularly editing our episodes now, and a few others I can hit up for editing help when he's busy. The big problem over the last while is that it's essentially just been me doing everything. Me picking topics, me getting guests on, me hosting and recording, me editing, me doing the blog posts and promotion of new episodes. It started off me and Andrew, and as Andrew dropped off a bit due to parental responsibilities it ended up me and Eben or me and Kawa a lot of the time. Having others there as co-hosts at least pushed for things to happen. Unfortunately both Eben and Kawa have also become too busy in life to keep up their activity, and in the past year I've become particularly busy myself. Hopefully a new schedule, with every Tuesday earmarked, will focus more production. Hopefully others can step up to the plate when I'm not around and organise topics I don't have much interest in! Roguelike Radio is far too much "the Darren show" at the moment :P In particular a lot of new games don't get covered because I have no time to get into them. John Harris would be great to have on more, but he himself has said he doesn't like taking part in panel-type shows as he ends up listening to others chat instead of talking. Also I think he's not been playing many roguelikes in a while - I'm hoping with his revived @Play activity he will do a little catching up and want to talk about things more! Let's Plays effects... Well they definitely help with picking out people to join the show when talking about a new roguelike. We've come under heavy criticism in the past for only doing shallow analysis of roguelikes, because quite frankly you need to play a game a lot to really appreciate it. With Let's Plays we can more easily find people with experience at the game that also have good voices and audio equipment :) However we never really reviewed games, or at least never intended to - it was all about analysing the design. To that extent I would always try to do some in-depth background research on games before a show. Let's Plays don't help much in terms of research, as watching a game being played is very different from playing yourself or reading a detailed player report. The "feel" of play is so different from what simply happens on screen! I have no info on demographics beyond the traffic analysis to the web-site, which due to the prevalence of bots and crawlers I simply don't trust. I can publish this info some time if people are interested. On a wider note I am always surprised when I meet people at indie dev events that have listened to the podcast - it is held in some esteem as a rare design-focused podcast, even in non-roguelike circles. I'm always open to others who want to join the show, especially if they can schedule together an episode themselves. I spend a lot of fruitless time trying to chase people for dates/times :-/
General concept. I included it for its gameplay effects :)
Yes, there's some grey areas here, it's hard to be perfect. But there is, I think, a meaningful difference between games where permadeath is clearly expected and those where it's optional or where persistency after death weakens the effect of permadeath. Certainly the voting so far has shown a meaningful difference, with strict permadeath seen by many as necessary for a roguelike but not so necessary for a roguelite.
If you don't know then don't let it affect your voting! Procedural content is more structured than just random content. At the extreme end the game acts as an AI level designer. Whilst random lays things out without real care for the player experience, but still provides variety between replays. Binding of Isaac for instance has predesigned rooms and just lays them out randomly when you enter them. In early versions at least it was possible to start the game surrounded by locked doors - the game never checked if the pathing worked. Contrast with Spelunky which uses customisable pre-fab sections that get plugged together whilst ensuring connectivity. It's level making is really excellent. TraumaRL goes even further by having structured enemy and item placement and nested key requirements down branching dungeon levels.
Ooh, I wouldn't define it quite like that :) Procedural is when the structure is designed by the computer using rules, not something pre-designed picked out at random.
There's too much variety here to go into with a simple poll. Is ToME's lives system anti-permadeath? What about games like PrincessRL where losing in combat costs you time/development resource instead of ending the game, yet it still has permaconsequence? And is an unlock system after death as bad as Rogue Legacy's progression *through* death? By including the strict/optional division we can at least see what number of players care about these sorts of distinctions in general.
I think any game feature can be done bad or well :) Hunger is one of the worst for this though, as it's very important yet often screwed up.
Yeah, that's an easy way of putting it! Procedural = random + design.
Yeah, that's maybe not clear enough. Essentially it's referring to the traditional roguelike focus on gameplay over story, graphics, sound, etc. Doesn't mean exclusivity, just means that the mechanics come first. Perhaps we should have had more of an argument over the definition of the definition elements... ;)
Hmm, point taken! We'll go through a deconstruction process after the results so this can be refined in future.
It is worth noting that many traditional roguelikes deliberately do not prevent save-scumming, even though they could easily take more steps to stop it. When I was getting into ADOM savescumming to learn the ropes was accepted as something many players do - just don't share a YAVP after it :) These days modern roguelikes have put in different death-softening features to help accommodate new players. Some traditional roguelike players get huffy about this whilst ignoring the fact that they save-scummed when they started out... There's a whole interesting discussion on design and accessibility to be had here. For the purposes of the poll a check-box has to do.
In a way yes, but for new players it has the same effect of softening the introduction to the game. Essentially modern designers have taken one aspect of save-scumming and formally integrated it to make the game more accessible. Whether or not that's to the detriment of the game itself is up for debate.
I would interpret narrative-orientated gameplay as still being gameplay focus as long as the narrative stems from the game mechanics (Dwarf Fortress or King of Dragon's Pass are good examples). Where the narrative is developed *at the expense of* gameplay is when the focus is lost. Unskippable cut-scenes for instance :)
Got over 120 results so far. One guy has been playing for over 25 years and never won a classic roguelike :(
I meant apathy actually :) And yeah, a few have claimed tick-fatigue! Though I'm shocked that well over 100 went through the trouble of completing the whole poll. Roguelikers are a tenacious bunch, I guess ;)
Yeah, on reflection I think "mechanics" would have been a better term for the poll.
It's more that the general developer approach is to pay attention to things like that.
Deleting - please read rule 2 on the sidebar. We have a Let's Play round-up on Tuesdays, you can post your vid in that thread when it's up.
In most of my games NPCs have specific patterns rather than complex AIs. Often this means approaching the player and performing a special action every x turns, or approaching the player but with an individual movement pattern. With a bunch of different units around it's easy for this to quickly become an interesting system for the player. It's all deterministic, so players can predict ahead of time and plan moves instead of having to second guess complex AI algorithms. The one roguelike I didn't do this in, Gruesome, just has random AI movement, some with slightly different weightings dependant on the unit's colour. I've seen interesting discussion from players on how the AI is super-smart and tries to keep in safe areas. It's all false, but humans are great pattern spotters :) This taught me that there's no point spending time on complex AI - humans don't notice it well and will imagine that stupid AI is complex anyway :P Some behaviours that work quite well: - Maintaining a certain distance range. For ranged attack monsters / summoners / support units. Give it a minimum and maximum distance to stay from the player and actions to perform whilst in that range. This is intuitive for the player to understanding and suitably challenging to overcome. - Pack tactics. Unit stays a minimum of 2 tiles from the player unless there are 4 units within a radius 3 of the player. This leads to very clever feeling units that will stick close to the player and then all pounce in together. Works best in open area maps. - Hit and run pack. Kinda evil this, but it's nice... Enemies stay ranged, and once they have minimum pack numbers they charge in. Once they make an attack they switch back to ranged. Combine it with strictly ranged healing enemies for added fun :) - Multiplying next to player. Sounds simple, but it's nicely effective. Traditional worms split when away from you, or when hit. Restrict it instead to multiplying only when next to the player and only multiplying into adjacent spaces and it can be a threatening unit that can still be carefully managed. - Stealth enemies invisible except when adjacent. Leads to fun when you know an enemy's near and you want to just corner it so you can be next to it and hit it easily. For AI pathing I like to use a scent map (add scent-1 to each player adjacent tile, and scent-(range) to each adjacent to that, etc). This lets me give modifiers to terrain to encourage certain behaviour more, like avoiding walls (or sticking to walls if I want). In Toby the Trapper I did this and had the scent slowly fade, which meant that standing in an area for a while would make a scent hotspot that enemies would gravitate to instead of chasing you. Helped as part of the whole laying traps gameplay. On the subject of AI, anyone who hasn't played Jeff Lait's [Smart Kobold](http://www.zincland.com/7drl/kobold/) really must go check it out!
Counts as a victory, yes :) Most people who have won Nethack did so with spoiler support.
Yes, but I think that shows how there's little logic to how the games are grouped. It's more a cultural/historical thing than dependant on the game features.
I can't help you out, but I'd love to see you stick a recording up on Youtube or something :D
The generic setting comes straight from D&amp;D, and much of it is to do with a lack of emphasis on setting. Roguelikes are traditionally gameplay focused - the story isn't very relevant. Leaning on fantasy tropes is very easy to get players involved. Everyone knows what orcs and dragons do, so you don't have to waste time explaining many of the mechanics. From a design perspective it means minimum effort in finding resources to include - just pick all the best stuff from D&amp;D or other RPGs. I personally like a bit more depth, and especially when a game has a bit of story I like it to be both original and believable. ADOM is interesting with its corruption system and general hints of a longer history. ToME's detailed factions history are also very compelling to me, especially the morally grey areas the player must tread (but then I did write much of that myself...) I don't think there's anything about roguelikes that excludes them from being gritty, and even think they might suit it well with the constant death. However a tongue-in-cheek approach to death is also very effective, and helps takes some of the emotional sting out of the experience.
Nice list! You're missing WazHack and Ending though :)
The closest experience available that I'd recommend would be WazHack (it doesn't look traditional, but it plays very roguelike - you'll enjoy it) and Cardinal Quest 2. Hoplite is my mobile favourite, but it's more stripped down gameplay.
Hah, very nice situation! I never would have thought of using paralysis like that :) Well done on the victory. I've still yet to win myself :-/
The highlights for me were Jeff's (he does more than Berlin-bash) and then Jim and Brett's for their procgen discussion.
Awesome, great to hear you finally made it! Perhaps this will be the start of a new golden era for Angband :)
If I scorn all poor journalism I'll have no time left in my day ;) The article does show that there is a niche not being served. We in the board games clique are well aware of how great these games are and what potential they have, but no one is telling parents that this might be something to look into with their kids. The best we've had so far was Tabletop's kids episode.
Laser raptors in space?! :D :D :D
Hah! Perfect :-D
I consider games flawed on the AP front when they make otherwise normal players start going all AP. Certainly some individuals are to blame for their own actions, but some games are worse for it too. I liken it to the "phones out" problem. Some players are just shitheads that should learn to put their damned phone away for 5 fecking seconds. But some games are just bad for having big gaps between turns and making other players' actions not relevant to your own. Designers can (and do) craft their games to avoid this. Analysis paralysis is something designers can be aware of and can take steps to prevent. Purely lumping the blame on players prevents games from getting better design.
Is it going to be magical ponies? I hope it's magical ponies...
Not enough explosions. ASCII wins :P
The timing system is really messed up though. If you go too fast you end up out of synch with the rest of the game!
Aw, shucks - very kind of you :) We do this out of love for the games and the community, so it's really great to hear that it's appreciated and has a positive impact on people. Let us know if you have any requests :)
"Free to play" in this context generally means micro-transaction based play. Plus if one wants to play it on Steam (where this tag is) then one will have to play. I strongly suggest removing that tag - it actually has negative connotations that might put people off the game.
Yeah, he was on a lot of early episodes! I think the last ep he was on was the interview with Tarn Adams.
Yeah, Andrew is the one who started it all! And as a special treat he's actually going to be in London in a few days, so he and I can do a live recording for the first time ever :)
"Merry’s sword had stabbed him from behind, shearing through the black mantle, and passing up beneath the hauberk had pierced the sinew behind his mighty knee." - The Return of the King, chapter 6, Battle of the Pelennor Fields. What sinew is there without a physical body?
&gt; Only the blades of westernesse which were made to fight them could harm them. Where does it say that? Eowyn did not use such a blade to deliver the killing blow to the Witch-King.
I think it would have done as Gollum did, hide in its own dark corner of the earth. This was a Balrog that clearly had little desire to interact with the world. Moria would have become an even more fearsome place, but the Balrog would not step beyond its bounds.
Are you in London? Because I do indeed arrange London rogueliker meet ups at times, especially after the 7DRL week.
Don't deprive me of my lovely placebo orange juice :(
You should be careful not to abuse his powers :-/
I'll be there! We should arrange a roguelike dev trip to the Catacombs :)
Encourage Andrew Doull to hold one in Australia - would be a little more accessible for you :)
The only support I can imagine for that would be the fact that Sauron set up the cult of Melkor worship in Numenor, meaning he hadn't fully forgotten about his former master. But I don't remember anything stating this was his real aim. Everything he did in Numenor was pure manipulation. He only wanted the Numenorians to assail Valinor so that they would suffer the Valar's wrath. I seem to remember another text (one of the letters?) saying that Sauron was different from Melkor in that Sauron wanted to rule over the people of Middle-Earth whilst Melkor wanted to destroy them. I think Sauron would have been content with establishing himself as lord and ruler of the world.
The lobsters would have had a moment of hope, a brief glimpse of salvation before they sank into the abyss.
Well last year we had 2, so 2 continents were covered. Bit of an improvement over Europe-only :) I think going beyond that gets hard, but there's nothing wrong with having more roguelike-centric meetups. I hold some in London each year just for the locals. The key thing is to move locations each year and host the event somewhere accessible. As the event moves around there's a greater chance of more people being able to take part. The US event also had streaming last year, which I think would be great to encourage more of in future years. It helps people get involved at least. We could also arrange streamed talks from international developers at the conferences, though time zones would have to fit.
Mostly very high ceilings, so even a lanklegs like you will be fine :)
I disagree due to the references of invisible sinews in the text. Also their bodies fill out their cloaks, hold swords and in the case of the Witch-King supports a crown. They are described as sniffing, they speak, they are supported by horses and winged beasts, they break down doors, they throw darts, and so on. They have a huge range of physical interactions with the world which are not in any way perceived to be spiritual or magical. They do not move or act as non-corporeal spirits at any point. I don't think of Sauron's domination of the Nine in the same way you do either - the Witch-King had his own little Empire going on for a while without Sauron's direct dominance. There is a degree of independence going on there. That the ringwraiths are more than just invisible men is abundantly clear. There is a strong spiritual component to them. They don't need to eat any more. They have become faded from the world to a degree. A big part of the problem here is Gandalf's descriptions of them, especially early in the book. I think to a certain extent he is simplifying matters for the hobbits he is talking to. Or perhaps even Tolkien's ideas about them changed in the writing. In any case I would urge you to trust the voice of the narrator over spoken dialogue when it comes to matters like this.
An announcement will be made later today :)
I generally think pride is the big thing here, as this is a theme across much of Tolkien's work. In particular the idea of debasing himself in front of Manwe in front of all the Valar would have been too much for Sauron to bear.
There are roguelike devs in Australia. No reason to have only one conference.
You should generally fight on Defensive or Very Aggressive, as they don't interfere with weapon skills training. Use Coward at all other times.
It is good, isn't it :) I love the sadness in the Silmarillion. The sense of overwhelming woe at points is beautiful. I'll never forget the image of Hurin fighting on a mound of corpses, shouting with each swing, "The day will come again!" until the sun sets and he is overwhelmed. Feanor was such a wonderful character for how terrible he was. He was so skilled, so charismatic, so passionate, and yet so prideful. I think it's wonderful how you can read the departure of the Noldor and understand completely that what they're doing is wrong, yet still feel moved by his speech. If I were there I would no doubt be cheering him on and marching after him, much though I would regret it after.
Is your line by line comparison available to look at somewhere? That would be really fascinating to analyse.
&gt; It belatedly strikes me that I've seen very few Tolkien discussion forums where the strict "don't rely on Silm" standard that I've referred to here actually held sway. I find it pretty well holds sway here, especially when topics like the source of orcs comes up. The only reason your statement has generated controversy is because your wording was very strong, when the truth is the Silmarillion mostly fits in extremely well with Tolkien's vision. It shouldn't be treated as the last word for the purposes of canon, but for overarching vision it absolutely succeeds.
I'm a British person in Britain and my British English spell checker only recognises Judgement.
Then someone Googles "Skynet rule 34" and war breaks out.
What sacrilege upon a most holy domain :(
Thanks, updated :)
Must surely be SteamBand : http://angband.oook.cz/steamband/steamband.html Fits most of what you say, including ability to play as a djinn.
Yeah, all right then :)
I'll have a look into how to use AutoModerator :-/
Oh man, those photos make me hugely self-concious. Can you imagine someone taking photos of you at every awkward moment?
Well I guess the article was written up a couple of days ago, explaining the £20k increase in price.
The details towards the end of the Silmarillion are all really loose, unfortunately. Tolkien wrote some details of the War of Wrath very early on, but they were very incompatible with later writings. I don't think Elrond/Elros existed in his mind at that stage anyway. When it came to his many many rewrites he always struggled to get to the end of a story, even a substory like Beren and Luthien. So, no real detail unfortunately. We can only make broad assumptions based on how important he was by lineage.
Is there a reference I'm missing? :-/
Real time strategy? 4X games? Roguelikes st least have distinguishable characters, which is a base requirement for sexy time. The problem with roguelikes is they involve so much conflict and death, which means not nice sexy time.
I guess if I played more non-roguelike games it might have made sense ;)
Yeah, wtf? I'm getting pretty annoyed by this :-/ We can tweak our AutoModerator settings more but we really shouldn't have to.
Actually many roguelikes are very simulationist. They don't physically model real life things, but their mechanics are all representative of real things. We have hunger and bleeding and various weapon types and so on. The big reason so many roguelikes have randomness though is that they're based on D&amp;D, which has dice-rolling behind all of its mechanics. Roguelikes simply parroted these mechanics, in some cases outright ripping the same dice rolls (1d8 for sword damage, etc).
Then she wants to use extra squids.
The list of works of art that have stuck in the public conciousness for 1000 years is very very few. Of course that's partly due to the lack of permanent media - much more from the modern age should survive to the future. I'm not that bothered myself, but this is far from the first time we've seen Frontier petitioned to include some cultural icon that resonates particularly with Elite's audience. And it's always a knee-jerk thing on death - if we were to bring up this topic in a year's time people would on the whole be a lot more ambivalent. Personally I'd much rather Frontier put work into inventing their own celebrities and detail to the universe than celebrate what should be long dead and forgotten ones.
&gt; For instance the composer Guillaume Du Fay is still known and he was composing music around 700 years ago TIL! And yes, you make a convincing point. At a rate of 3-5 a year it's not so bad.
If the orcs were disparate across Moria then it would have taken a fair bit of communication to gather a decent company of them together to ambush the Fellowship.
Well in many spider species the males don't come out of sex too great.
You saw.... nothing...
No PR is bad PR! We'll be all over the news if someone dies trying to make a roguelike :D
No one dedicates seven days! You do it in whatever free time you can scrounge around, with a bit extra at weekends. Sometimes I only manage about 20 hours over the whole week. Some people do much less. If you get started with the [libtcod + python tutorial](http://www.roguebasin.com/index.php?title=Complete_Roguelike_Tutorial,_using_python%2Blibtcod) you can have something really basic in just a few hours, leaving plenty of time to personalise and polish things up. You can do it! I believe in youuuuuu! :D
Working on is no good. 7DRL is about actually finishing a game :)
Does Total Biscuit play roguelikes? I'm pretty sure he's entirely ignorant of our scene. Only roguelike I've seen him cover is Dredmor.
All of us have real life to deal with and days in which we have other commitments and can't code. Just make sure you have a sensible scope for your project.
This is hardly a new discussion... and TotalBiscuit seems rather out of sync with many of the wider details. In particular he seems completely unaware that roguelikes are still being developed and played in many forms. The term "roguelike" is used too loosely, mostly by players and media that don't know the genre. Developers usually use a phrase like "with roguelike elements" because most of them do have a good understanding of what it means. Personally I'm happy with roguelike having a dual definition - one for the genre (what most of us here care about), and one for a class of mechanics. There is thus a difference between a roguelike game and a roguelike platformer. We already have this dual definition with other words - consider "puzzle" for example. No one gets annoyed that Braid isn't strictly part of the puzzle genre, and people use the word puzzle to mean different things in different contexts.
Is there a good sub where balanced discussion of the news takes place? I don't mind the racist discussion so much - it's an insight into what many people are thinking - but the balance of articles is always so off-kilter.
It's clearly playing with game design elements popularised by Spelunky though. I don't think "roguelite" is really such a harmful term in this case, especially if you consider the term "roguelite" to mean something fairly distant from the core roguelike genre. It's possible to dislike a game that uses roguelike elements for how it uses them without outright discrediting that it has roguelike elements. Nethack has a shitty food clock for instance, and a lot of cheap deaths that are bad roguelike design. Many roguelites like Diablo or Binding of Isaac have pretty crappy randomised levels. They're still *trying* to use roguelike elements, but doing it badly.
Well be glad they didn't go ahead with Arwen doing somersault sword-fighting in Helm's Deep... I don't think the Arwen/Glorfindel switch is that bad though. This is *Arwen* after all, descendant of Beren and Luthien, with the blood of the Maiar in her. Damn right the Ringwraiths should be afraid of her! It would have been awesome to include Glorfindel, but if they're going to switch in anyone then Arwen makes a lot of sense, especially with her links to Aragorn.
I don't believe he did take away their mortality, he just stretched it out. If a ringwraith is slain then they die like normal men, their spirits passing beyond the world.
Nice of you to do the research there! I hadn't heard of most of these, and many do indeed look like crap. I will point out that 2 of them don't seem to use the word roguelike though, and 2 of them say "action roguelike" which to me is synonymous with "action RPG" - you know what you're getting there. Several them also describe themselves as "first person roguelikes" or "roguelike FPSes", which I think is becoming it's own separate thing these days - again, there's no doubt from the description that this is not a traditional roguelike by any means. That leaves 4 which are straight up calling themselves roguelikes. And they're not exactly well-known games - all of the top "roguelites" avoid the direct term. That is still 4 games that we agree are problematic, of course. But the big problem by far is how many games you went through tagged "roguelike" that aren't called that by their developers. The tag system on Steam is completely useless for genre enthusiasts. I can't help but think RPG and FPS fans rail against similar issues. Kickstarter is a different matter, because running a successful Kickstarter seems to involve being an over-promising jerk that shoves every keyword they can into their campaign to get people's attention. Alas for money-grabbing marketing :(
Somewhere here once gave a quote from Tolkien I found really interesting - he said he fully understood that in a movie adaptation the long fight scenes like Helm's Deep would have to be completely cut as they didn't add anything to the story. How the fans would have wailed at that! The light of the trees stuff makes a lot of logical sense for us Sil-fans, but in the context of the movie it's fairly irrelevant. Indeed, it was irrelevant in the time of Tolkien too, since few had ever heard of Valinor. For the purposes of the story what matters is a elven figure of immense nobility appears, and the ringwraiths are cowed by this. I don't attribute this to any martial power myself. Glorfindel did not need a sword to repel them, and neither would Arwen in my opinion. The ringwraiths cannot stand easily before the purity of Arwen Undómiel, who bore the likeness of Luthien Tinuviel, fairest of all creatures to walk on Middle-Earth. What power could such shadows have before her? There were other changes in the movie that went against the spirit of the books which annoyed me far far more, not least of which Arwen behaving like a moody teenager with her dad.
The "Legacy" is in the name though, so I get the impression this was their design goal from the start. It may be that they were hoping to start a whole series of "legacy" games employing similar mechanics, a bit like what's happening in board games now.
Haha, anyone who spells it "rogue-like" is a clear faker ;) I'm not really into FPSes, but I imagine an FPS done in a roguelike style (procedural + permadeath) would be a very different thing. Maybe it needs a better term than FPS roguelike, but I can understand that genre fusion being of interest to people. I see it the same as "roguelike platformer" myself. Or, from a different perspective, "FPS puzzle game" - you know that's not going to be part of the traditional puzzle genre, and you know it's not a normal FPS either. As for a *true* turn-based first person roguelike, well you can use Zeno's Necklace of the Eye to play a lot of classic roguelikes in that way. There have also been a bunch of 7DRLs that have done that, but many of them have been fairly bland. The only one I'd recommend is Rogue's Eye by Paul Jeffries - his site seems to be down at the mo, but I've uploaded it here: http://gamesofgrey.com/games/Rogues-Eye.jar It's not a big game, but it's done well and has a lot of traditional roguelike mechanics.
Yeah, I completely agree - the over-emphasis on fight scenes in the movie was perhaps the thing that annoyed me most. At the core of the Lord of the Rings (and the Silmarillion to an extent) is that in the end it is not through force of arms that evil is defeated.
I once made a basic roguelike in 1 hour! It wasn't very interesting, mind. The shortest time in which I've made a vaguely interesting game was 4 hours (a stealth roguelike called sick peter). The T-Engine helps, as it comes with so many pre-written algorithms.
You need to play Mage Knight :)
Absolutely not. I have used the T-Engine for many games, which includes a lot of pre-made algorithms. The challenge is mostly around designing mechanics and creating a polished game.
The tag system on steam is independent of developers (users do the tagging) and is quite frankly a load of balls. The tags should not be used by anyone looking to divide things by genres. As for including "roguelike" in the name, how many do that? The "Rogue Shooter" one is obviously just trying to get attention for itself - it's not like it's the only FPS in town with procedural generation. Some game use "Rogue", but few of those actually call themselves roguelikes (Rogue Legacy specifically names itself "roguelite"). The term has become diluted in the wider gaming community, and in the media. I'm hoping "roguelite" becomes picked up more, and RPS at least have started using this more instead of calling everything a roguelike. Overall though I'm not that fussed about what mainstream gamers think of our little niche, especially if some of these roguelikes draw people in to get hooked on the real stuff. Whilst the term may be diluted there is also a very noticeable resurgence in the core games of the genre. Whatever terminology people want to bandy about, core roguelikes are doing better than they have done in 20 years.
Not Suitable For Wildfowl.
&gt; This is one of the big reasons why I personally haven't made up my mind as to whether the dilution of the term roguelike is good or bad for the genre. Well there's a bit of cause and effect difference. Is the term diluted because the genre has revived or has the genre revived because the term has become more widespread. I think it's a bit of both, and there's obviously both good and bad. On the whole I think it's good, because we have cool new games to play, and that's more important than getting annoyed with people on the internet. If I wasn't getting annoyed with people misusing the term roguelike I'm sure there's something else I'd be getting annoyed at instead ;)
Yeah, so it's totally fine for songbirds. Just don't show this to wildfowl - it's just not suitable.
If you ever listen to Derek Yu in interviews he tries his best to avoid calling Spelunky a roguelike.
In the politics of the time men were definitely the inferior race though. The Edain served the Eldar, not the other way around.
One thing that comes to mind is that to win the heart of a more noble person you need to prove yourself with great deeds. No normal human would be accepted trying to court an elf. Beren, Turin, Aragorn and Tuor all were renowned for their great deeds and noble lineage. In Tolkien's fiction there is, alas, not much scope for women to achieve great deeds, especially in the first age. It's harder for human women to stand out enough to gain any elf's attention. Nienna might have had a chance, mind. But other stuff happened there... :-/
"Roguelike games are increasing in sales whilst roguelites are increasing in numbers" - shows where the quality lies ;)
Some of the greatest deeds, yes. But that is one of few examples. And the records of human women is even fewer.
I personally think Tolkien became a little more progressive with his representation of women as he got older. Not that he was anti-women or anything before, but over time he put more effort into actively including them more.
Good time to learn :) Honestly, pick up the [python+libtcod tutorial](http://www.roguebasin.com/index.php?title=Complete_Roguelike_Tutorial,_using_python%2Blibtcod) and you'll have your own roguelike in a matter of hours.
Yes. This is the difference between roguelike as a genre and roguelike as a tag. We need to stop getting annoyed by silly Steam tags :)
I was joking really. You can read whatever you want into stats.
When first watching the series the moment where Sinclair goes back in time and becomes Valen was... wow. Really changed my whole perspective on the universe. The other big moment is when Kosh reveals himself in front of everyone. Again, gives you a glimpse into just how epic the story really is.
Same here, from Belfast - either "chaseys" or "you're it"/"it". I've never ever heard the term "tig".
Whilst pocketing US money for rendition flights :( (Though maybe not exactly money, but certainly there must have been incentives involved somewhere.)
Frontier may as well have given us a giant red button saying "DO NOT PRESS" :(
No one should look at this thread if they're worried about spoilers.
Every now and then there are new people coming in, often new watchers that have just gotten to a pivotal moment of season 2 or 3 and come in to say "WTF?! Wooooow!"
I seem to remember in the DVD commentary he makes a reference to the special way in which pipe-weed is described and how it's maybe meant to be something other than tobacco. But he says it whilst laughing and it's clearly meant as a joke. It wasn't exactly a fresh idea at the time of the movies anyway. "Pipe-weed" as a name leads to immediate comparison with the modern use of the term "weed" and the jokes about it being smoked by wizards and chilled out but food-obsessed hobbits are easy to make.
They are a bit unsightly at this size. Also for the ones without a coloured background it would be nicer if they had transparency. (Yes, yes, very ungrateful, I know :P)
It's crazy to think that not that long ago a lesbian romance was taboo.
I think this is one of the things that got a little lost in the season 4 squish.
Xkcd touches on geeky subjects, and by and large geeks tend to be obsessive people. Piss them off and they get obsessively pissed off, and Randall now and then posts things about being a decent human being and such that piss off geeky internet people. Just as weird and obsessive is http://xkcdsw.com/ (xkcd strips made slightly worse - so much effort put into this for... for what?)
This isn't just left though, this is pushing the agenda of a single politician.
I don't suggest a conspiracy at all. Just rabid fans turning r/politics into a joke.
Yes :( Reddit never changes...
I think it's a fair request - people here will know the text better, and some may even have gone through the same process. Everyone knows Tolkien wrote beautifully and there may be some hidden nugget that would be nice to have. In particular one may know the tale of Beren and Luthien without knowing of the Lay, or some other piece of obscure poetry. I'm getting married myself later this year and my partner and I have been struggling to find a good secular readings. Approaching knowledgeable communities for this sort of thing is a very understandable step to take.
The Lord of the Rings gets a lot easier later. If you got through Tom Bombadil you'll get through the Council of Elrond :) Just keep hold of the gist of the story and you'll be fine. When you read it the second (or third...) time all the extra layers will stand out for you and you'll appreciate the work even more. Silmarillion has much more of this - harder to read, but even more rewarding upon re-reads. Some people like to keep referring to the index of names at the back to keep track of things. My personal preference is to not care too much on the first reading and just keep a sense of the current story (the Silmarillion essentially is a sequence of stories all happening in sequence or parrallel). Once you read a second time you'll have gotten used to many of the names. Once you read a third time you'll have gotten used to all the second and third names people have, and by the fourth reading you might even remember half of Turin's many names ;)
I gave up on message logs a long time ago. I found that they end up full of repetitive information, so players rarely ever pay attention to them. Since my games are very action dense it just wasn't useful to have a log. Instead I use visual effects (such as particle effects) to try to communicate to the player what is happening on the map. Abandoning the log in favour of on-map effects means players also don't have their attention split between where the action is and a boring bunch of sentences. Another advantage is more map and UI space! In Broken Bottle I experimented with mad libs style parsing of log messages, to try and add variety to the usual "you hit x". But after playing for a while you see all the patterns and you stop bothering to read anything. Message logs are over-rated. They can be nice to have so the player can go "what the hell just happened?" but you shouldn't make the player rely on them for gameplay.
Are you talking with graphics or without? Either way you can do graphical effects (check out ASCII animations in Caves of Qud) to demonstrate things happening. For a complex game with maybe many things going on at once a log can still be handy to refer to, but it doesn't need to be on the screen all the time. CDDA would probably benefit from an awesome set of sound effects too :)
&gt; Last of all Hurin stood alone. Then he cast aside his shield, and wielded an axe two-handed; and it is sung that the axe smoked in the black blood of the troll-guard of Gothmog until it withered, and each time that he slew Hurin cried 'Aure entuluva! Day shall come again!" Seventy times he uttered that cry; but they took him at last alive... You remember this moment, surely? How much do you want to know the full detail of what happened next? :) Or if you're looking for a reminder of why you should read the Silmarillion: &gt; Then Fingolfin beheld... the utter ruin of the Noldor, and the defeat beyond redress of all their houses; and filled with wrath and despair he mounted upon Rochallor his great horse and rode forth alone, and none might restrain him. He passed over Dor-nu-Fauglith like a wind amid the dust, and all that beheld his onset fled in amaze, thinking that Oromë himself was come: for a great madness of rage was upon him, so that his eyes shone like the eyes of the Valar. Thus he came alone to Angband's gates, and he sounded his horn, and smote once more upon the brazen doors, and challenged Morgoth to come forth to single combat. &gt; &gt; And Morgoth came.
Or for another Icelandic connection look at the similarities between Dwarven runes and the Younger Futhark.
I'm afraid self-promotion of roguelites is against the rules here.
Post removed for violating rule 2.
It's already removed. There's /r/roguelites, but it's not very active. Simple fact is Reddit is a community-based site, it's not intended for self-promotion and most subreddits have strong rules against it. Showing up somewhere to advertise your game is generally in bad taste.
The Ground Gives Way deserves more love.
Why? I think plenty of evil things would act independently, or have only tacit agreements. Some would fight against him, or try to betray him. The Balrog never gave a damn about Sauron when he commanded the One Ring in the past. If he had regained the One Ring that certainly would have given him more sway over many creatures, but not automatic obeisance from all things.
And orange Monopoly is the best as it has high rates of cash return per housing cost and catches most people coming out of jail.
No, because it's strawberry flavoured, which is fine for a lot of food descriptions. Your strawberry ice lollies and sweets don't contain real strawberry either, and most of us are generally aware of and okay with that. Depending on country there are regulations about what you can do - in Britain for instance you can't show an image of a strawberry on a packet unless it contains real strawberry. But some companies just get around that by including a tiny amount of actual strawberry.
It will after the first few prosecutions for attacking them. There will definitely be incidents at the start, but once they become commonplace people will barely even notice them.
Legislation will adapt over time. Perhaps drones will be allowed if they're registered in a certain way and sending reports to air traffic control. Amazon has the money to make this work.
Could be we have stricter regulations on wording such things in the UK, or that jam descriptions in particular are stricter. Anyone seeing "strawberry plum jam" would assume that it contains strawberries by the nature of how jams are made.
Most of my memories are of really stupid deaths, but there is one narrow avoidance that sticks out very clearly in my mind. It was from an ADOM game where a bunch of us on a forum were swapping the save file between us every 2,000 turns. We were reporting back to the group each time and sending over the save file. If any of us died then the character was dead, so it got quite tense - none of us wanted to be the person that got our joint character killed. The character was going pretty well, and I inherited her just before one of the game's biggest challenges - the Mana Temple. You can read the original report [here](http://adom.brinkster.net/forum/messages.asp?thread=5891&amp;start=56927&amp;page=2) (search for "Darren Grey"). It was a well developed gray elven merchant, and should technically have been just fine. Technically. My big mistake was not equipping the ancient mummy wrapping going into the Mana Temple, which I usually do to get see invis (the archmage there usually goes invisible) and death ray resistance (the archmage fires death rays, which do exactly what they say on the tin). I only realised this mistake when in the middle of the Mana Temple I got a message about an invisible creature firing a death ray at me. Oh. FUCK. Cue a moment of me shitting my fucking pants, because here I am in one of the hardest area of the game with the fucking Chaos Archmage firing fucking DEATH RAYS at me whilst I can't even see him! It was pure luck that I dodged the one he fired - I could have been insta-dead already. And putting on the ancient mummy wrapping would take several turns, during which he would insta-dead me several times. So I equipped a sword which gave me death ray resistance to buy me time, and figured I could switch to the ancient mummy wrapping whilst in Coward mode to get me safe. WRONG. Whilst switching armours I get a message about numerous melee attacks punching through my armour, my stats getting badly drained, a spell whacking off a chunk of my health and the whole area goes dark. Aaaaaagh! The Archmage wasn't just in the area, he was right befuckingside me, and pummelling the crap out of me!! "Do you want to continue removing the white dragon scale mail?" *No, no, please Ayssia, no!!!* I cancelled the armour removal command and immediately drank a super healing potion before casting a light spell. I was utterly surrounded, with one conspicuous empty space beside me where the archmage must be. He hits me a few more times just to make me happy. Being surrounded gives me no way to get into a better tactical position and also reduces my attack ability, so the arrows of humanoid slaying I fire at him miss. Crap crap crap... He hits me some more, I chug another potion. Well, this is definitely a problem. I have no easy way to hurt him without getting into the clear, but I have no easy way of dispatching the creatures around me either. *Unless...* ADOM has an alchemy skill, which by a stroke of luck this character possesses. This usually makes potions, but if you do it wrong creates fiery explosions. My character is fire immune though, and the critters here ain't. Time for some bad alchemy! (Balchemy? Badchemy? No, that doesn't work...) I spam out a bunch of fireballs, frying dozens of goons around me. The Archmage is fire immune too, but with his minions blasted I can get to a safer position, healing myself now and then as he continues to barrage me with spells and stat drains (grrr!) Finally I'm clear and ready to face off against the Archmage. I get some slaying ammo and try firing them at him, but my crapness at archery means they mostly miss, whilst he continues to whack me down on HP. I use up all my potions, and have to resort to numerous prayers for healing, with him getting me down to 20 HP at one point (out of a max of ~400). I finally get down to my very last arrow of humanoid slaying, and firing it kills the Archmage at last. I had survived! Severely battered and low on resources after the experience, and very much not dead :)
The best is the one about Mark who forgets to get his Oyster card ready. Fuck you, Mark, and fuck your imperfections. I hope you die alone, Mark, you stupid fucking pillock.
Where the hell do you just magic up a habitable planet from? What they're asking for is quite extreme, and would be very difficult to arrange. The fact that they asked for it through blackmail meant it was an automatic rejection. At that stage they'd transformed in people's eyes from a bunch to be pitied to a gang to be feared and hated. Not to mention the political problems with Earth. If Sheriden were seen to interfere in Earth politics and laws then he would lose a huge amount of influence back home, whilst potentially alienating other races who worry he'll start making executive decisions about their affairs. The whole alliance could have shattered if he made a wrong move.
Without the oath of Feanor sowing division then Beleriand may have been much more united. Though of course with much lower strength if they lacked the Noldor armies and influence.
I think the Noldor made a big difference to the Sindar when they came over though - they became kings among them essentially, and brought greater knowledge of smithing and weaponry. The Edain were greatly influenced by exposure to the Noldor too.
What he said is still breach of contract, regardless of his anonymity. You're painting a giant target on his back. Please delete your post.
Stop playing Nethack is the answer :) Give Brogue a whirl. Try DCSS. Check out Hoplite for something simpler, and ToME4 for something more complex. If you enjoy FTL you'll definitely find other games at the core of the genre that will blow you away.
Because being sick is the perfect opportunity to feel sorry for yourself and whine to other people. Why let medicine get in the way of that?
Oh, so that's where my stapler went!
Note that this doesn't mean dank memes are now allowed! Self posts are still the best posts.
I have sullied a sacred place :(
It should be noted that Tolkien later changed his mind to make orcs twisted from men instead of elves. The issue of an immortal soul was one of the reasons he did this, as he struggled to have a clear answer on whether or not orcs were redeemable, what happened to their soul, do they have immortal lifespans, etc. The conclusion he came to is that orcs are technically redeemable, but with almost insurmountable challenges, and that their souls probably follow the same fate as men. They are not immortal, but they do live longer than men. However it's not clear if he would have further developed his thoughts on this before a published work. In general this is a difficult and muddy area. Hopefully someone with easy access to *Morgoth's Ring* can come along with some direct quotes for this.
Weeeeell, that's hard to say. The Gift of Men has always been somewhat shrouded in mystery. I think the real question to ask should be "do they have a soul?" If they have a soul one would suspect it to be subject to the Gift of Men if they are really twisted men, as there's nowhere else for the souls to go. In Tolkien's writing the soul is often referred to as the fëa, and there are some essays from Tolkien about this, about how serving Melkor weakens it, about how orcs may or may not have it (at one point he refers to them as being like talking beasts, akin to parrots, with no fëa at all). There are contradictions though, and much of his writing his written in an indefinite style (eg, "It remains therefore terribly possible there was an Elvish strain in the Orcs" - not a very precise statement). There is no solid answer, and I can only recommend having a close read of *Morgoth's Ring* and deciding for yourself.
Huh, even the CGI has been tidied up! This is impressive work. Happen to have a comparison shot from a CGI/live action hybrid scene? Such as when someone is firing a PPG. And, uh, how can I get hands on this myself? :-/
Germany has also admitted its own complacency in allowing the genocide to happen, as Turkey was an allied country at the time. Really great to see this show of strong morality from Germany. It's a shame that so few other parliaments would ever do this.
The split in the black vote is insane. +89!
Sauron is not so powerful as to control so many orcs across all of Middle Earth. And what of Saruman's orcs? Or the orcs that slew Isildur after Sauron was first defeated?
Yeah, I've given up on them since that. Really sad, cause I used to down them like soda before.
The Oxo Tower isn't that great.
There's also 1.5 - they're corrupted humans, but enslavement to Melkor has eroded their fea to the point that they don't have souls.
Yes, animals definitely fall into that category. It's not clear if the likes of Huan could be considered to have a soul.
There'd be no Tom Bombadil, since Tolkien says at one point that Bombadil represents the Oxford countryside.
First reaction: This is horrifying! Second reaction: I really want to try one now...
No, but only a few thousand remain and they're a highly protected species.
Get a farm going? I'm guessing with their long lifespans and odd breeding cycles they're not easy to raise. There's also problems with rats and pigs introduced to their islands eating eggs. We need to do more to eliminate them.
And *poof* it's gone.
There are massive parallels between Tolkien's human populations and the real world though, and quite intentional on Tolkien's part. The Rohirrim are explicitly meant to remind us of Anglo-Saxons. The Haradrim, with their appearance, culture, language, animals and geographic positioning are very clearly mirroring real world cultures. It's not as simple as "it's all a myth", because Tolkien always put a bit more than that into his work, framing it as a history of Europe. How that fits in with Elves and Dwarves is quite another matter, though. They're more clearly not intended to have real world parallels (aside from what I must take to be a joking comparison to Jews). It does raise an interesting conundrum though, such as would a half-elf with a dark-skinned mother have dark skin? On Numenorians being similar to Egyptians, 'Ar-Pharazon the Golden' does rather sound like a Pharaoh's title!
I think it's a bit silly to even think of this so early in a project. It's easy to start off planning one sort of game and ending up with something completely different. You should also play Steam Marines and Invisible Inc to get a bit of a feel for similar gameplay to what you envisage.
That's a very nice thought, but I would also say that the number three simply appears a lot in Middle-Earth. It may just be Tolkien adhering to his pattern of things coming in 3s, 7s and 9s.
The typo is repeated twice in the post too - you can edit that!
What "riddle" are you referring to? Forgetting the childhood friend is not unusual. Human memories are faulty, especially from childhood. There are many similar things I've forgotten myself. Beleg is mystified by this because elves experience memory very differently. Tolkien wrote a few things about how good and vivid elven memories are. You can find some notes and discussion here: http://www.minastirith.com/cgi-bin/ultimatebb.cgi?ubb=get_topic;f=2;t=000383 To Beleg it seems incredibly strange that Turin cannot remember someone who was in his life just a few years ago.
Geometry Wars. It has a really great way of just resetting the mind when stressed. Like a mental Swedish massage. Or for a more relaxing massage, Proteus, a game where you explore a procedurally generated island with a generative soundtrack. Beautiful game, very absorbing.
Perhaps, though it could also have sensed Gandalf, or in general been intrigued by such a strange company. It doesn't seem to show any special interest in Frodo in the text, unlike the creature in the water.
Saruman showed considerable interest. Even Gandalf admits to some temptation. So I assume a Balrog could be similarly drawn, if it really was aware of it.
Power begets the greed for power. A servant of Melkor in particular would not be immune to such desires. It's the truly powerless in the world, the hobbits, that are most resistant to the ring's temptations.
If I were you I'd be proud that your son is willing to debate with you over this. Most 9 year olds will just accept what their parents tell them, especially about matter like politics. Be happy that he seems engaged and of his own mind instead of trying to impose your will!
Indeed the reactions of Gandalf, Legolas and the elves of Lothlorien at learning of the Balrog all point to it being considered of equal malice to the Balrogs of old. &gt; "It was a Balrog of Morgoth," said Legolas, "of all elf-banes the most deadly, save the One who sits in the Dark Tower.”
Gothmog, Lord of Balrogs, is called high-Captain of Angband. Which would imply leading armies, commanding strategy, etc. But it's just an implication, not anything explicit. Durin's Bane uses a spell against Gandalf, though whether that implies intelligence or not is unknown. In general we see little of Balrgos outside battle, so it's impossible to know. It's worth remembering that Balrogs are of the Maiar, and their minds may seem strange to us. Durin's Bane doesn't seem to mind staying inactive at the bottom of Moria, which may seem peculiar for an intelligent being, but not so strange for someone with a very different perspective on time.
I think the negative impact of spoilers is overstated. A good show should be better when spoiled (ie when you've seen it all before) than when it isn't. For a long series in particular the journey should be far more important than the reveals. Spoilers are only bad for shock-reveal stuff like Sixth Sense. Babylon 5 in particular benefits from a bit of a teaser, because season 1 is so slow to ramp things up. If you show something from season 2 it will likely be forgotten by the new watcher by the time they get that far anyway.
Note that Sil discussion is still very much welcome (and encouraged!) in r/roguelikes.
No, just making sure everyone is aware that we don't try to push roguelike-specific posts out of the sub.
Done! You should probably get some content in the sub though... And have a link to Sil in the sidebar. And replace the /r/tolkien link to /r/tolkienfans (one of the few good places to accurately discuss Tolkien lore online).
Post things :) At the very least post a link to Sil. Post the Roguelike Radio episode about Sil. Post other interesting articles about the game, like when RPS covered it. No one likes to see an empty subreddit!
I think the "first time" thing is overrated. B5 is more enjoyable for me to watch now than the first time. Spoilers can sometimes remove interesting tensions, and in particular knowing x is going to die can make things less comfortable to watch, but they don't necessarily ruin the journey. Not that I'd recommend people deliberately spoil themselves, or not care at all about spoilers, but we don't need to be so adverse to spoilers when introducing them to something if we know it will help them get hooked.
That's because the old Brogue Forum community entirely migrated there. Plus the weekly seed challenges help keep people active. Not to say a Sil subreddit can't work, though!
Do not take everything written about the Valar too literally. They are metaphysical beings that can take on physical raiment at will. The stories we're presented with are passed down from the elves, and may be written as allegory rather than literal fact. Do we really imagine that Tulkas literally grappled with Morgoth? If you think about it that's really absurd. But having said that, the Valar could act as the Children of Iluvatar in almost all ways if they wished. There's nothing to stop them fighting. But it's likely not as effective as the use of their higher powers. Hence Sauron and Morgoth rarely fighting themselves.
Well, let's say "relatively inactive" then :) The dwarves were mining in Khazad'Dum for many centuries before the Balrog was stirred.
Saruman and Sauron don't seem to have this problem.
Terrorism usually has a specific agenda, with the general idea being "implement my agenda or further terror will be spread". But it certainly tends to fall within the subset of hate crime, and it would not be surprising if this attack adheres to strong elements of both.
Easy to say after the fact! I think we should be happy they didn't wait longer and they rescued the people they did. I'm sure there'll be a full investigation later to determine if anything better could have been done, and how to respond to future similar instances.
Silmarillion - Maybe not. It starts slow and hard, with a lot of names (seriously, a *lot* of names) that you don't even need to remember. If you can power through that it's amazing, but it still requires a lot of concentration and you may not properly appreciate it till a 3rd or 4th read through. Children of Hurin - Maybe yes. It's not quite as light-hearted as The Hobbit, but it's a standalone story with good pace throughout. If you want a taste of Tolkien's older works but in a more accessible style, this is the book for you. It also comes with no preconceptions from movies to confuse you. Unfinished Tales - Nope! This book will not make a lot of sense to someone who hasn't read the Silmarillion and Lord of the Rings already. As for Lord of the Rings itself, I do suggest giving it another chance but skim-reading the Tom Bombadil section if you find that too slow. Later on you might also find The Council of Elrond too slow, but that cannot be lightly skimmed. Overall it's a very rewarding book to read.
Isn't... *this* a low effort post? :P
Or all of reddit, for that matter...
This was a heavily time-restricted level though, so there was less luxury to refill the bullshit bar. On the other hand I also think he's given up somewhat and making sloppy mistakes out of impatience.
Read the article you linked: &gt;Astronomers don't see this as far as they look, just the regular, quiet and calm matter out to the edge of the observable Universe. &gt;That doesn't make it completely impossible, though, there could be galaxies of antimatter as long as they're completely cut off from regular matter. &gt;But even those would be detectable by the supernova explosions within them. A normally matter supernova generates fast moving neutrinos, while an antimatter supernova would generate a different collection of particles. This would be a dead giveaway. We haven't seen any sign of them. Technically they're possible, but if so we likely to have seen signs of them. We've not seen signs of them. Anti-matter galaxies are the stuff of science fiction.
In the realm of possibility if we imagine antigravity exists... Sorry, but that's still Star Trek territory :P
The "Hello all you love lovely people" guy? I love him! I moved jobs a few months ago and no longer pass through there :(
And I can't even /r/ThanksObama any more :(
So you want a news source with just the right level of racism-censoring for you? I think the censorship thing about /r/news got a bit overblown, and in particular was blown up by the sort of people that set up /r/uncensorednews or that just like drama in general. It was a very disturbing case of a tragic event happening and people being desperate to find something to make *them* the victims instead. The mods screwed up, but the outrage has really been over the top.
There's no hint in the text of the Ring being involved, and the text tends be fairly clear throughout the book when the power of the Ring is in play. So instead I take this to be a sign of Frodo's own innate strong spirit. He is the eldest and most learned of the hobbits there, and also is an elf-friend. This is what I think helps him wake up and gives him the power to cry out for Tom.
I don't think you should equate Sauron's powers of smithcraft with any element of technology. He is not really shown to invent things, but to be good at making excellent examples of existing things (towers, fortresses, magic rings). Plus, as /u/wjbc points out, with many slaves at hand there is less need of advances like steam power. I also think a lot of the technological advances we have had in time have come down to open sharing of knowledge, collaboration and a culture of working together towards a common goal. None of this environment exists in Mordor, and Sauron's skills alone are not enough to make true advances in technology. What knowledge has he of the underlying physics and chemistry to fashion truly new things? And is he even capable of things truly new? It may be that in his degenerate mental state is no longer capable of great imaginative works, being obsessed only with the dominance of things in the only way he knows to work - enslave them all.
I love how Tolkien went to the trouble of *making* a whole tengwar version of the King's letter. Such dedication! Or obsession perhaps... It's clear from this how it's basically an early draft of some details that get reworked into other things later. I think the end result is better, but the History of Middle-Earth is fantastic for getting a glimpse of early thoughts. One interesting detail is that of orcs continuing in the Mines of Moria, and indeed the implication that they might never be stamped out. The fate of all the orcs is unclear in the Lord of the Rings, beyond the ones at the last battle getting wiped out. This text implies there are likely still communities of orcs all over the place.
Thorin has already shown a propensity to unreasonable reactions at this point :)
It's made from babies though.
The last bastion of free speech!
Jobs-wise London is brilliant for software engineering, and it could maybe make you a good deal of money and set up your career well. Just be sure not to squander that money with an expensive rental flat. If you can buy a place then sell in a few years and move somewhere cheaper you'll be pretty well set up.
It was during a loading screen. Hope that helps...
If you look at a lot of the content created, in particular the fan videos and cartoons, they tend to show Chara as this external, innately evil character pushing Frisk to do bad things.
Pretty sure The Donald and S4P say the same thing.
That quote is taking a lot of liberties with its sources. Tolkien alludes at one point to Bombadil representing the spirit of the Oxfordshire countryside. He never says anything about Goldberry really, and he says absolutely nothing about nature spirits, Eurasian nature legends or a Great Goddess. Whoever wrote that wiki element is taking a bunch of druidic stuff and trying to cram it on top of Tolkien's work with whatever fudge necessary.
I don't take "river daughter" to be too literal. Men are called the Children of the Sun for instance, but we know that's not literally the case. "River daughter" just implies a strong affinity to water, perhaps meaning a lesser Maiar of the rivers.
Whoever deals with all the horse crap in Rohan. They have a lot of horses, horses crap a lot - someone has to deal with that in the populated areas.
Another PSA: Birmingham airport takes about the same amount of money and time to get to, and tends to have much lower fares. Especially useful for domestic flights.
Source: :( (diagram of my face after eating grapefruit)
I'm assuming a start from central since we're talking Heathrow and discounting the tube (which to be frank is way easier than Heathrow Express). And I think Birmingham is objectively better than "London" Southend :-/ But yeah, when it comes to many routes there isn't a lot of choice involved.
Yeah, obviously I'm biased to where I live and work :)
True on the unmarking. On Google Forms there's a red asterisk next to necessary questions.
Perfectly cooked too. Who the fuck makes such perfect looking bacon and eggs?
Sure, but they're cheap in advance and there's no reason not to book in advance when booking flights. I have on numerous times found Birmingham flights to be £100 cheaper than London equivalents, especially around busy periods, so it's often worth considering.
Huh, didn't know they went that low! But if I can save £100 through Birmingham I still will :)
I was expecting a bucket :(
Maybe they know more than we do and the situation isn't as it simple as it looks from the outside. Might be unusual for reddit to consider that though.
If he hadn't made the promise to Toriel he would have killed the human immediately, before ever reaching the conveniently shaped lamp, simply because the human had the potential to turn bad. Where are the morals in that?
In all honesty I think you should reconsider your paper title, because what you're looking for isn't there. The only way to make your paper interesting is to look at the revisions Tolkien made in later versions of The Hobbit, because only there will you have text in which the ring is intended to have an evil nature. If you want to do something on similar lines then switch the analysis to the Lord of the Rings and the ways in which people are able to resist the temptation of the Ring. In particular the justifications behind Gandalf, Galadriel, Faramir and Sam for rejecting the Ring are all very interesting to analyse.
Oof, I just noticed this thread. Looks like just 'The Passage of the Marshes' is remaining? Well I love that chapter so I'll take it please :)
Oh, looks like there's Book V Review to be assigned as well? Maybe you'd like to take that yourself?
I like discussion points, but every post should include a little "What else do you want to raise?" aimed at the audience. And the points themselves should be more question focused to encourage discussion rather than close it down. On spoilers, I think it would be quite a nuisance to try to spoiler mark everything. I find it hard to believe many people really haven't been exposed to the LotR plot in some form already, or that spoilers would really be harmful. It's a bit like analysing Shakespeare - no one cares about spoilers in Shakespeare discussion. It would be nice if every post contained a link to relevant Tolkien Professor podcasts, as there's a tonne of great analysis in those that can help spur further discussion.
Who cares?
Tolkien uses a number of uncommon words in the Lord of the Rings, and sometimes uses more archaic grammar that could be trickier to understand. However it's not a huge obstacle, and certainly shouldn't prevent you from giving it a go. If you find yourself getting stuck at any point then just carry on past the parts that are giving you difficulty. There is enough context as you go on that you won't get lost, and minor details can be picked up again when you inevitably re-read the story in future :)
Yeah, but really, who actually cares? :P
I think some of us who have been around the community the longest are the most sick of seeing the "is x a roguelike?" discussion. If you listen to Roguelike Radio you might have heard me on there. I also getting involved with organising all the 7DRL stuff. Or maybe you just know me somehow :P
This thread is 61% upvoted, far below an average thread here. a lot of people are very sick of seeing this sort of question.
Sure, I understand all that. The misapplication of the term can be grating. It also has a few positives, like driving more people to the core of the genre. That can be an interesting and nuanced thing to discuss, even if it does come up far too often. But do I care if Diablo 3 on hardcore is a roguelike? No. What a boring topic. And what a terrible thread this is, with OP posting no text in his post and not getting involved in any comments. Could be considered trolling.
Looks like northern France had it way worse than us!
We should build a wall...
The point is to block other people from buying houses.
Same here. It is a quiet place, but it is far happier.
Rules state you can't do that. You need to upgrade in stages.
S04E04, Falling Towards Apotheosis, scene is about 10 minutes in. We only see one head clearly and it doesn't look like this one, but it could be one of the ones we don't see clearly. Almost definitely Centauri anyway, with those distinctive eyebrows.
!remindme 164 hours
It's not just about trade deals (though that's a big worry, Europe most certainly will want to punish Britain for leaving to discourage others from copying). There is the easy movement of workers and the easy movement of goods in general. There are also a lot of workers rights protected at the EU level, deals made on climate change, important industry regulations, etc - stuff that a right-wing British government would screw us over on otherwise. On top of that a lot of us have a general sense of community with Europe. We don't want to turn our backs on a system that has done a lot of good for Britain and the European community as a whole.
You're right, there isn't much definite thing, it's all very uncertain. And I do not take solace in that :P
Wow! That's probably the most fun B5 fact I've seen :)
Yet Faramir resisted too. Boromir had some clear character flaws.
Um, what? I've no idea what your problem is with me personally, but if you have some criticism of how the sub is modded then I would very much like to hear it.
A political union between an independent Scotland and Ireland would make a lot of sense - even if the full on Celtic Union doesn't happen then I'm certain Scotland and Ireland will form some bonds similar to the Anglo-Irish Agreement currently in place. Whether Scotland and Ireland really want closer than that beyond being "for the craic" is unclear, but definitely expect extremely close relations in future. Northern Ireland is the real problem though. I mean seriously, the politics is a mess there, and the Good Friday Agreement took years of difficult negotiation to get into place (and even now looks fraught at times). National identity is a touchy and delicate subject, and some of the more extreme voices are the ones in power there. Unionists in particular are very insecure about being surrounded and outnumbered by Nationalists, and this Celtic Union idea would stir them up in all sorts of negative ways. The inclusion of Scotland would alleviate that slightly, but not enough. Plus it's not like the Unionists care that much about being in the EU anyway - their voting pattern was very similar to England and Wales'. So, overall, lovely idea but unlikely to actually happen. Still, this shouldn't stop us from promoting greater ties between our regions and from sharing good craic all round.
I used to be a big TNG fan, but B5 has ruined most other sci-fi for me now. I can't stand mostly episodic shows any more, and I always yearn for the richness and depth of B5's characters.
It hastened an existing process. Plus it's really not clear how long they would have lived after their return from the halls of Mandos. The Silmaril is not cursed by the dwarves. In fact it is hallowed by Varda at the start of the story, and retains that blessing throughout. The only curse is that carried by those who desire it out of greed or pride. It's important to note that death is not an evil thing in Tolkien's universe. It is called the Gift of Men, and is something to be embraced when the time comes. The Numenoreans are criticised for trying to cling on to life beyond their time. Contrast the effects of the Silmaril with that of the One Ring, which unnaturally made people live longer and is clearly shown as an evil thing. The Silmaril is the opposite, giving a briefer but brighter existence.
Yes, almost certainly. Galadriel is tempted by it and she isn't a mortal man. It might be that his mortal mantle made him slightly more open to temptation, but I think some element of temptation would always have been there. Aule I think would have resisted - not because of his higher power, but because he has shown humility in the past when he created the dwarves. He had no desire for dominance in him. Tom Bombadil is similar. And so is Sam, when temptation confronts him. It's not one's status or power that leads one to resist temptation, it's humility.
Maybe. But don't forget chapters like Of Beleriand and its Realms. And the many thousands of names. Early Silmarillion can be exasperating to a newcomer if they don't know what they're getting themselves into.
Wonderfully written! You should get on /r/tolkienfans :)
The "all the treasure" part of that implies to me that the line is lifted from the older drafts where the Nauglamir was part of a wider treasure horde taken from Glaurung, and the treasure in it ends up with a curse on it. Christopher has said this whole area of the text (end of Hurin, fall of Doriath) was one of the hardest to construct for the published Silmarillion because there was no modern version, and the older version stylistically didn't fit with the more modern story in places, especially in relation to the treasure and the fight with the dwarves. He had to stitch together different bits and a few lines had to be entirely invented. Which is all just a long way of saying I'm not sure how much weight to put on that line, as it may relate to an outdated bit of Tolkien's thinking. We don't see any curse actually taking effect on the Silmaril beyond the existing effects of the Oath, and instead we see it as being a blessing upon Earendil and his quest. The shortening of Beren and Luthien's life is not really expressed as a negative thing, and is linked directly to the pre-existing beauty of the Silmaril rather than any dwarf curse.
Yeah, but they probably got invested into that universe by reading the engaging narrative of the books first. It's hard to dive immediately into pure history.
There were tomatoes in the first edition of *The Hobbit*, but Tolkien later changed them to pickles. He has taters and tobacco mind, with no explanation of their source. It's things like these that often get ignored in fantasy settings. Everyone should be eating turnips with little access to meat.
The Istari came to Middle-Earth long after the creation of the One Ring, and keeping an eye out for Sauron seems to be a clear role they take on. You are right that kicking butt wasn't their role though. Yet even if it was I'm not sure they would have succeeded - Sauron had might beyond them, and control over vast armies. Consider just how pathetic Saruman is in comparison to Sauron.
The blue wizards may have had a hand in Sauron's downfall. Early on Tolkien say they probably fell like Saruman, but later he changes his mind to say they played a role in the East motivating resistance against Sauron, which helps reduce the strength of his armies engaged in Gondor. As for the failures of the others, alas it is an imperfect world and their task was a difficult one. The raiment of mortal men may have helped them attune better with the thoughts of mortals and gain pity for them, but it also may have weakened their spirits and made them more vulnerable to corruption or distraction.
The ringwraiths have been turned invisible by the long-term use of their rings, yet their cloaks and the witch-king's crown are all visible. But Bilbo and Frodo's clothes disappear when they wear the ring. I'm not sure there's any logic in place, to be honest.
Firstly, "marching to their doom" does not necessarily mean death. Doom can mean fate, destiny, judgement, and a few other things, and in the Silmarillion is often used in these ways. The Ents are *not* saying they're going on a suicide mission. Hobbits are men in the overall scheme of things. Their fate is the same - their souls escape the world and go we know not where. Dwarves we are told in the Silmarillion believe that they get resurrected by Aule to help rebuild the world aright after the end. The elves believe they just turn to stone and stay that way. Animals don't seem to have souls. There's no implication that they have any existence after death. Certain special animals like Huan may be Maiar in the form of animals though. Ents are hard to classify, but the Silmarillion text implies they are formed from spirits of the world (likely meaning lesser Maiar). This would make their spirits bound to the world after death. Orcs are messy. Tolkien struggled with the idea of their souls late in life, and changed their backstory to be corrupted men instead of corrupted elves. Whether they get the Gift of Men or not is still unclear. He certainly wasn't happy with them having a fate like normal elves (resurrected in Valinor after a period of healing in the Halls of Mandos).
How about Sting and the Phial? They're rendered invisible.
A leader is supposed to provide motivation and inspiration, not softly state the facts. Look at Gordon Brown's or Nicola Sturgeon's speeches in comparisons - no lies, but plenty of emotion and evocative wording to help stir up some feeling. Another role of being a political leader is getting in the news so your voice is actually spread through the media. Corbyn failed utterly at this, as he was overshadowed by Tory in-fighting that made the whole campaign look preposterous. I don't blame Corbyn, mind, but I can understand why a lot of his MPs are quite unhappy with him right now.
From what I've seen of the unfortunate idiots I'm connected with on Facebook it's clear they don't care about the truth. Upset in the financial markets is applauded as it's seen as rich people losing money. Barclays is down 20% - take that, bankers! Weaker pound is viewed as better for British industry/exports. And besides all this shareholder stuff is just panic in what people think, right? They're panicking unnecessarily, everything will be fine in the end, short term pain for long term gain, let me put my head back in the sand, etc... And that's assuming they even read or pay attention to the news.
If you want to be a leader you have to act like one, and the EU referendum was a perfect time for him to shine. His party's official stance was to back remain, but he never got that message across strong enough to change votes. Would he be so similarly lacklustre in a general election?
I seem to remember JMS making a statement about how no Centauri could see anything because they don't have a faith system that includes angels. However that shouldn't take away from the fact that the episode clearly hones in on Londo saying he saw nothing. It's clearly meant to imply that something is missing from him.
There's so much more to this than just straight power on power. Gandalf could organise armies and motivate great numbers of people. The Witch-King could do this too, through fear and dominance, and Sauron could do this at far larger scales. When it comes to simple power on power Merry and Eowyn downed the Witch-King - it didn't need a Maiar.
You know the text explicitly contradicts this? They were chosen by the Valar, and Olorin in particular has good things said about him before they're sent to Middle-Earth.
How can something be so amusing and depressing at once? :-/
I tend to break fast in the morning instead, but that's just crazy me.
Oh, I got here late :-/
Irish here. Love potato, fear potato, potato rules all.
I had a nightmare once where I found out that babies were indeed born with previous memories, but in their undeveloped brains all the memories would just keep leaking away. What consciousness they had was alarmed at how little control they had, and all they could do is cry and cry and cry. I woke up drenched in sweat and unable to move, afraid to open my eyes or move my limbs in case I found out they were little baby limbs and I was trapped in a tiny infant's body.
Still haven't opened my eyes... :-/
Poison chalice is a well known term, and has been bandied about the press for the last few days. Stop being a dick.
Please make this happen. Has to be a better alternative right now. I like unicorns.
Agreed. I can't stand May, but in terms of shrewd negotiation with the EU she does seem like the best bet.
On top of what's been said already, be sure to check out Sproggiwood and Dungeonmans.
Why? We can just have a 7DRL themed play week/fortnight.
It almost always ends up as the latest date available, I think because of exactly the feeling you have :)
You must make this now :)
If you want to mess with your head, check out EmoSquid, a 3D roguelike where you play as a squid: http://www.roguebasin.com/index.php?title=EmoSquid Unfortunately the download web-site seems to be down at the moment... I can try and get an old copy of it uploaded.
I disagree with "Combat effectiveness only goes down as you get hit". You should get more lethal when injured - increased accuracy and chance of crits, for instance. When things seem most against you is when you're most able to pull things out of the bag. Lots of nasty status effects should be present, but none should actually stop you operating. Lots of clever ways of using the environment to your advantage. Electrocuting elements, bits to tangle enemies up in, explosive or flammable elements. Hybridise with Home Alone ;)
I think his killcount starts going up a fair bit more when he's injured and he comes up with more ingenious (or lucky!) hits when under pressure.
In the letters he also expresses understanding that certain things will get changed for the medium (he suggested the whole of the Helms Deep battle could be cut, for instance) and in his more public letters he is is gracious that anyone would considering adapting his works at all. I think it's important to remember that many of his letters are to very personal people, and he was expressing emotions and strong opinions very freely. His more outward-facing comments are very different, and if he'd been alive now I don't think he would ever stoop to saying negative things about Jackson's LotR, much though he might privately disagree with elements.
The other wall simply wasn't shown in the movie, as it would have been very far out from Gondor and bears little impact on the story.
From what I remember he gave up on it because the publishers didn't express much interest in it, and because in general he was very bad at finishing things he started. The Silmarillion was much more engaging for him at the time.
I think he would have drafted such a letter and then filed it away and written a more polite letter instead. Tolkien was never directly rude to people. I seem to remember that he was quite annoyed with Allen and Unwin about forwarding a letter of artwork criticism from him directly to the artist in question. He was also highly scathing of Allen and Unwin to Christopher at various points, yet nothing but polite when directly writing to them. British civility was rather important to him!
Good luck with this, and it's an interesting concept, but I suggest making something before you start talking about it. You should not have your head stuck in final boss thoughts and multiple class types before you even have a basic prototype.
If that works for you, great. I've seen psychological studies that suggest the opposite - you get almost the same feeling of reward from talking about doing something as you get from doing it. So talking about it reduces the need to actually make it. This is, in my opinion, a big problem in the roguelike community as we get a lot of people expressing ideas for things and never following through. Considering how easy it is to get a starting prototype in libtcod or T-Engine or by taking part in the yearly 7DRL challenge I think people have no excuse not to have something to show for themselves when they try to sell their ideas to the community.
You'll find the same from my own post history, so good luck with this :) On the point of end goal without Silmarils, maybe the story instead is after the breaking of Angband. You arise from the broken depths to flight those plundering the dungeon, attack the army of the West, recover the Silmarils and attempt to rescue Melkor. Includes bonus fight with Maglor and Maeglin after you get the Silmarils, with the gems burning you throughout.
And if you leave you get attacked by Ungoliant who wants to devour the Silmarils :)
&gt; Edit: Also, I think it's practically impossible to come across someone who does not drink alcohol and has no particular reason for it. I'm one of those people. I used to drink, gave it up a few years ago for no particular reason, haven't had a single alcoholic drink since. I had no strong motivation to quit beyond some vague things I got tired of (hangovers mostly, but that's not a good reason to quit entirely). When I tell people I don't drink they mostly get defensive about their own drinking habits. There often seems to be an implicit thought that because I don't drink I must be judgemental about others that do. To make them feel better I usually tell them my wife drinks for both of us ;)
&gt; This division distracts us, enfeebles the government, it gets everyone riled up with jealousy and false alarms, it pits us against each other, and eventually creates riots and stuff. It also opens the door to other countries getting a hand in our system, since they can reach in through the party structure, and then we just become their puppets. Well this sure seems relevant... Can anyone with good knowledge of the document confirm that this really is what Washington meant?
Most of the international policy is definitely no longer relevant - America is no longer a weak nation in danger of being colonised. The more general points about avoiding division and respecting the Constitution (whilst still leaving it open to change) are all good though.
Well that's not a card you want to be stuck with on Defcon 2. The AI is very religious at avoiding Defcon traps.
Okay, so "just become our puppets" comes across a little as Randall borrowing from current language use around Trump, but does fairly represent the original meaning.
Wow, okay, I completely did not notice that! The current timing and the content made it feel like it was distinctly relevant to right now. Which is most definitely is :)
Huh, true. I guess I always get tempted by the chance for points...
Sure you can. Defcon only relates to the person who plays the card, not the power the card relates to.
Oh, true. I'm not sure why the AI is being so paranoid with it then, especially since there's still a risk of headlining at Defcon 3 if the opponent plays a 3 or 4 level defcon-reducing card.
Ah, I haven't read that book. I was going by some reference to it in his letters, but that was fairly vague.
"tactical rpg with permadeath and procedural generation" is almost my definition of roguelike.
Give the Arena Mode a try, if you've unlocked it (it's fairly easy to unlock early on). It's more fast-paced and lets you play around with different class builds very easily. That's a big part of the fun of ToME.
You mean a sort of world simulation going on? True, that's a big part of a lot of the classics, and ToME definitely deviates in making it more orientated on the hard gameplay elements.
Yes, hexes again :) I've had a few ideas floating around, but a new one came to mind the other day.
Check out Hoplite for inspiration on how to make a minimalist Android roguelike.
It's rare to spend that much time over the course of the week. Generally two major days and two or three part evenings. Real life gets in the way! The key is to have a stripped down idea and reuse existing code where possible.
Yay! Will be great to see a new roguelike from you :)
&gt; Not everything has to be powerful to make a good story. Indeed, a cornerstone of both The Hobbit and Lord of the Rings is the triumph of the little people who are low on strength.
Galadriel was described as being athletically amongst the peak of the Eldar. Given that she also was of the Noldor and saw the Light of the Trees I'd wager she could take on Elrond quite easily. Plus she's his mother-in-law, he kinda has to lose that battle... Glorfindel is likely the only of the Children that could eclipse her in direct power.
Speeches about his dad too. What's the American TV show obsession with father-son relationships?
So when's the next one? :)
"Hey, get off your ass!" ;)
&gt; ‘Didst thou think that the eyes of the White Tower were blind? Nay, I have seen more than thou knowest, Grey Fool. For thy hope is but ignorance.' Key question here - does this mean Denethor had a vision of Frodo captured in Cirith Ungol? I've read elsewhere that the dates match up, and his line here about "thy hope" to Gandalf is a direct relevant to Frodo's quest. The black sails certainly seems like a bad setback, but the vision of Frodo captured would be a true signifier of all hope being destroyed.
Denethor would appreciate the significance of Frodo's capture - he previously figured the whole quest out after his grilling of Pippin. It could of course be very general, and it's obvious that spying the black-sailed ships was a major element of his despair.
The recapture of the Ring would mean a big increase in Sauron's power though, which would make the survival of Gondor utterly impossible. Plus his line is "thy hope is but ignorance" - it is Gandalf's hope he criticises, not his own (at this point, anyway).
Oh-ho, that is a telling line. Where is that from? I don't have a link to the timelines thing. It was something I read long ago, based on statements of the phases of the Moon. The night before Denethor goes mad is the night Frodo is captured and put in the tower of Cirith Ungol.
DoomRL is in the sidebar. The link works fine. It rebranded as DRL after a cease and desist from ZeniMax, though at the same time it also went open source.
Hah, good point, I hadn't really noticed. It was scenes like [this](https://youtu.be/_4bka9Y2gJ0?t=57m32s) that really stood out to me as them clearly just using whatever half-appropriate space they could find.
The most common difference is turn-based vs real-time. Traditional roguelikes are entirely turn-based, and you can take as much time as you like to plan your moves. Roguelites (Spelunky, Binding of Isaac, etc) are real-time, and have some element of twitch gameplay or execution mastery to them instead of being purely brainpower games. There are some weird edge cases like FTL but turn-based vs real-time is the most common difference.
RemindMe! April 23, 2018 3:55pm
Not just movies, it ruined Sherlock too.
Illiteracy would have come out by now. The writer of The Art of the Deal would have surely noticed and told the world. I'm guessing it may be more laziness on his part - he doesn't bother to string the meaning of words together because his listener will do the mental gymnastics anyway. As a guy in power who never hears 'no' he never gets corrected or even has people asking him to clarify. The listener will always do the work for him. He's thus developed bad speaking habits over time because he's never been called out on them. Such are the joys of privilege. Another explanation might be an element of his narcissism, whereby he just presumes people know what he's talking about. It's all about him and what he's thinking, after all. He doesn't bother to think that people need to understand what he's saying, the notion of presenting thinks in a clear way for others to digest never enters his head. There's no empathy for the listener. He just releases his stream of consciousness and presumes people know what he's saying.
Keep in mind it's not awful, it just has that distaste of "this could have been so much better".
Well this is an accurate representation of my life... Weekend plans always end up being plotted months in advance if I want multiple friends involved. Not sure if it's a London thing or just the sort of demographic London has?
I guess it doesn't help that meeting up with a friend involves more than just a 10 min drive in London.
Well what a bloody way for a book to end! After the excitement of the Siege of Gondor and the Ride of Rohan, the mourning for Theoden and the insanity of Denethor, now we ride right up to the Gates of Mordor and launch into a gigantic battle! Which is almost immediately blanked out as Pippin falls. And then... over to book 6, following Sam and Frodo through the desolate lands of Mordor. As a reader this is hard stuff! So much tension hanging on in the background. I've seen analysis elsewhere saying this was part of the skill of Tolkien that made the book work. No other book this long had been so successful before, but Tolkien helped push the reader through to the end because there was always the tension of the other story to think about. I wonder if it helped him as a writer too, making him concentrate on single pockets of the story instead of juggling many threads at once.
ADOM is my favourite, for having clear and simple colours and symbols throughout. It uses special effects when it needs to, but is never overpowering or confusing. The game manages to be pretty without ever sacrificing functionality or distracting from the gameplay.
Leaving is inevitable, unfortunately, but you can still make the case for a soft Brexit.
You seem to be mistaking a complex economic and political situation in which many people have nuanced opinions with a crude metaphor about where to deliver cum. My area voted soundly to Remain, my job and the whole industry I work in is heavily affect by future changes, and I'm personally concerned for my future opportunities and future opportunities for my children. If you feel differently write to your MP to express your own views. We all have a right to have our voice heard. The 48% will not be silenced by the 52%.
I was joking that your metaphor can be interpreted in many ways. Hard Brexit = bitter divorce whilst soft Brexit = fuckbuddies. The truth is far more complex of course. For me Brexit means a loss of investment in scientific research, less ease of movement of top minds in this area, and overall less jobs for people like me. I appreciate there are winners and losers to the outcomes of Brexit, but as someone who definitely stands to lose out I'll do whatever I can to minimise the impact.
There are an array of 7DRLs that might appeal to you, as long as you accept the fact that after you've done a couple of completions you're likely done with the game. 7DRLs tend to be short (&lt;1 hr) with novel gameplay, and some of the best of them are really amazing. For variety of gameplay my biggest recommendation would be [PrincessRL](http://flend.net/princessrl/). There are league tables which help pick out the best from each year ([2016](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2016/), [2015](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2015/), [2014](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2014/), [2013](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2013/), [2012](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2012/), [2011](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2011/), [2010](http://roguetemple.com/7drl/2010/)). Oh, and they're all free! You honestly have enough good games to keep you happy for years there :) Amongst the bigger roguelikes the top recommendations would be DoomRL and Brogue, which both fit the 2-3h gap for a full run.
Good chance of a yes there, especially Saruman. However when they donned mortal raiment they don't necessarily carry over clear memories or knowledge of their past. Gandalf describes himself as "Olorin I was in the West that is forgotten", and I presume he means his own memories here.
I'd stay the feck away from the water and try to live on monkey brains. (Brogue)
It is making a specific group of devs, in your own words, the butt of a joke. Completely inappropriate for the sub. Debate game design policy all you want, but I'm not allowing posts whose pure purpose is to mock other community members.
Your flair is both inventive and vaguely annoying - I like it!
&gt; for developers who lack necessary resources Or developers with bad sense of artistry and colour choices.
Well done :) It is a pretty amazing game for 7 days, right? Quite inspirational really. Best ending is if you can get a high score in all 3 areas. Not dying helps! I actually played the game with a self-imposed "no dying" rule.
Movie mentions are not banned :) Illogical or repetitive hating on the movies is discouraged though (not to say it doesn't happen anyway!) I thought the movie Mouth was a bit weird, and certainly nothing like I imagined in the book. In the book he stood out as a prideful and noble character, though of course also horribly evil. In the movie he's just a monster. They serve different purposes I guess, as the movie also uses him as an excuse to throw in a bit of action (his beheading). In the book I more feel he's there as a psychological threat of what Sauron's victory would mean - not destruction, but rulership and dominion by potential tyrants like him.
He seems to enjoy it, given the effort he's out in with the History of Middle Earth series and other works. I'm just glad he has never tried to pull a Herbert. Christopher has shown tremendous respect for his father's work and for is readers and analysers of the original texts.
Earendil was the morning star (and quite literally!) Luthien is simply the most beautiful and graceful creature of all time, and Arwen bears her likeness. Arwen is called Evenstar, not evening star, to imply the beauty of twilight in her.
Frank Herbert wrote the Dune series. His son has now published numerous prequels and sequels to the series which are quite frankly garbage compared to the originals, and undermine them in various ways. Can be seen as either a pathetic money grab or a disrespectful self-indulgence.
The illustrations are new, but I'm in no rush to buy it for that reason. As far as I know this will be based mostly on the longest extant version of the story from Book of Lost Tales vol 2, which to be honest isn't the best version. The story was still maturing at that time, and the theme of release from bondage wasn't fully developed. Of course there's not much can be done about that - the only complete version is what we have in the Silmarillion.
Especially down the side streets. It's amazing what little gems you stumble upon when avoiding the main streets.
Take time to see things in the city and take advantage of living in London. It's easy to get trapped in the cycle of going between where you live and where you work, and never getting to see the rest of the city. Make use of your tube time. Bring a book/kindle, or transfer movies/tv series/podcasts to your phone (with earphones!) Don't let tube time be dead time.
&gt; If this is what HoME feels like, I'm in for a treat when I finally get around to it. You are! HoME is a great read, though some books are more interesting than others. And from what you're saying I think Beren &amp; Luthien has less editorial footnotes than HoME (sometimes HoME gets tiresome to read because you spend so long flicking between pages to read Christopher's footnotes, which vary from amazing to boring). The Lord of the Rings set of HoME (Sauron Defeated etc) are a good starting point, as the familiarity of the LotR story makes it all the more interesting to see how different the adventures of Bingo the Hobbit were originally.
Yeah, as soon as I saw independent as the source I came to the comments to see the article debunked instead of giving the clickbait any traffic.
Would be nice if sites like this and the Mail could just be banned. They deliberately misconstrue the news for clicks, and reddit falls for it every time.
Good to know - thanks.
"Only trust the BBC" is my usual mantra for these situations. They may seem to lag behind the other reports, but that's because they care about checking their facts.
True, they're not perfect. I more mean the written statements on the web-site.
I really love the Centauri opera at the start of this episode! I wish we had a whole album of Londo and Vir singing Mi Crivatarum :) That's the highlight of the episode, alas. The Centauri politics is all interesting enough, and is great for Londo's character development, but the Sheridan magic monster is a bit silly.
That's just Prevent, I'm not sure that counts all police reports of suspicious behaviour. I also imagine it has risen in 2016. It would be nice to know the real numbers here, and if police resourcing is a real issue for this or not. If it is and police did try to warn May before then the calls for her to resign are very justified.
Light? Wow, I'd never say that. The possession system brings a tonne of detail in. It doesn't have as much raw "stuff" as some big roguelikes, but it combines together to produce a lot of meat.
I found I adapted to the 8-way surprisingly easily. I cringed when I first saw it, but it turned out to not be a problem. The animations annoyed me immensely until I found there were options to speed them up. I set everything to the minimum time possible and it made things much better. But yeah, agreed on the pointless destruction - it gets tiresome.
&gt; the Humber Garrison in 1917 100 years ago - doubtless the reason the book was released this year.
But would he be strong and stable? ;)
What do you classify as RPG elements?
When you start the game it gives you the choice of up=up or up=diagonal, or the ability to custom-set. I think in the interview the dev said that it was a 50/50 split on what players preferred.
That's what I figured, but I didn't want to assume. And with that, I suggest playing [Smart Kobold](http://www.zincland.com/7drl/kobold/) as an example of a roguelike without RPG elements that is definitely worth playing :) It's a very challenging game that relies on you as the player growing and making the correct tactical choices. There are a lot of other small games in similar veins.
Mordor was invented in his Numenor writings, so I suppose that would have come about (though its location could have been quite different). Definitely agree on Gandalf and Radagast. Originally Gandalf was a short man, with nowhere near the seriousness of the Gandalf we get later.
Those don't look like yellow boots to me.
Sure, but you could easily imagine an FTL-like system with set turns working fine (eg. pause every 3 seconds for instructions). There's nothing in the nature of non-modal gameplay that causing these separate battle systems to be bad other than bad design.
My main hope right now is a cross-parliamentary commission on Brexit, which will have a much softer approach. Hard to imagine the politicians willing to play along with it though.
&gt; having sold out they were then shafted as the third party... which is slightly unfair as imagine what the tories would have been like without them. We don't have to imagine, we have the past 2 years of it. Disability benefit cuts, NHS under-funded, schools in turmoil and fucking Brexit.
They also got gay marriage, higher base tax threshold, school meals, environmental policies and for a time managed to hold off the Brexit madness.
Hmm, sounds promising - thanks!
Yeah, same here. I don't imagine much when playing, I mostly engage with the mechanics of the gameplay. That D is a bunch of stats and abilities.
She said she won the most votes in the election (unlike Trump!) Technically they did get an extremely high number of votes for the UK, where big majorities on far less of a vote share can happen. It doesn't cancel out how much of a failure this was for her though, and to pretend otherwise is blind and stupid.
Funny how different the tone of the BBC's piece on this is (only a stub article on their current news live feed): &gt;**PM speaks to outgoing Irish taoiseach about DUP deal** &gt;A Downing Street spokesperson has said: “Prime Minister Theresa May spoke on the phone to Taoiseach Enda Kenny today. The Prime Minister explained that she is working towards a confidence and supply deal with the DUP which would provide stability and certainty for the UK going forward. &gt;"They confirmed their joint commitment to restoring a Northern Ireland Executive as soon as possible and agreed that both countries would continue to engage closely to bring about political stability in Northern Ireland. The Prime Minister reiterated that the government’s approach and objectives in the forthcoming talks to re-establish the Northern Ireland Executive remained unchanged. &gt;“The two leaders spoke about their willingness to continue close cooperation as the UK embarks on leaving the European Union, with no return to a hard border. &gt;“The Prime Minister thanked Mr Kenny for helping to make UK-Ireland relations stronger than ever, wished him well for the future and said she looked forward to continuing a close relationship with his successor.” Obviously based majorly on quotes from Theresa May's team, who seem inclined to hide any notion of trouble.
Yes, and more importantly I'd point out that his notion of orcs existed long before the idea of them coming from elves. Originally Morgoth made them from stone and slime.
Oh wow, people actually pay attention to what we say on the show! ;)
Heh, I'm the same with podcasts myself. The only time I can listen to them is whilst doing mindless chores like cooking or DIY.
&gt; That Christopher did not remain true to this original intention shows how much the organizing, editing, and publishing of HoME was a journey of discovery for him as well as for us. He rarely knew what was coming next. That's one of the most fun aspects of HoME. Christopher's notes are wonderful, and at points you can see his own surprise at things coming through.
One potential problem is the anarchist types that like to come along to this sort of situation to start things. They'll have seen the news and be on the way already.
Please note that self-promotion should be limited here. Links to blog posts without releases are particularly discouraged.
Don't insult my beard :(
Technically there's a chance a neutrino could interact with the fluid in your eye and produce a bright spark in your vision. It's a small chance, but there are a lot of eyes out there, so it may have happened to someone at some point.
&gt; How many there were the Company could not count. The affray was sharp, but the orcs were dismayed by the fierceness of the defence. Legolas shot two through the throat. Gimli hewed the legs from under another that had sprung up on Balin’s tomb. Boromir and Aragorn slew many. When thirteen had fallen the rest fled shrieking, leaving the defenders unharmed, except for Sam who had a scratch along the scalp. A quick duck had saved him; and he had felled his orc: a sturdy thrust with his Barrow-blade. A fire was smouldering in his brown eyes that would have made Ted Sandyman step backwards, if he had seen it. Frodo never kills in the book, as far as I know.
Sam kills an orc in Moria and Pippin kills a troll near the end. And of course Merry gives an assist against the Witch-King. But that's it for killing by the main 4 hobbits.
Yeah, though he doesn't kill her.
She brought Morgoth crashing down from his throne! And she was such an immensely brave character. I love the moment where Turin mentions the great deeds of Beren, and Melian rebukes him with "Beren, and Luthien." Darn right, maia-mom!
Huh, I never noticed that Sam actually cuts Snaga's hand off. I just went and re-read the chapter - very cool little detail!
&gt; The Tolkien Professor? I've been meaning to, but I haven't gotten around to it yet. Yes. They're really great. I was never into podcasts before, but now am a bit addicted to having his shows on whilst doing housework, going for a walk, etc.
I'm removing this post as it just seems to be looking to start an argument. Feel free to make posts about DCSS the game, but moaning about other communities is in bad form.
Thanks, you just made me cry again :(
A discussion is stained if it starts from the outset with a bunch of ranty one-sided accusations. At least link to what you're talking about, if you want to make serious points. I have no interest in DCSS beyond its merits as a game (which are plenty). Petty squabbling over another community's behaviour seems like a waste of time and a negative way to approach discussion.
There's more than just the watermark wrong with this...
If you have a Kindle (or the app, I guess) you can get a free sample through Amazon. But yeah, it is fairly expensive. The publishers make a lot of esoteric academic books, which generally sell in low numbers to specialist audiences.
Seems like technically this is a classic roguelike, if you ignore the optional permadeath (which a fair few RLs have). Very cool looking project - good luck with it!
Good point, but those leaders are examples of strong orcs!
Actually numerous of the authors have many peer-reviewed publications. I'd guess at least a quarter of the chapters are written by game design academics.
I'm actually really happy its taken 137 episodes for you to say we've had a bad one :)
Must have taken a lot of towels to fit round the whole house.
Heh, Google Streetview [blurs his face out](https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@35.9804729,140.2203836,3a,75y,1.54h,99.26t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sb-FG3idaWyg1Ohm-2xQ2iw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656).
Yeah, I think the polishing off of the final product would be more oddly satisfying in this case. As is I'm left mildly annoyed by the little askew drip on the forehead.
&gt; Exactly the same applies to pyjamas or anything else worn in bed. No way! I'm not having my sweaty balls touching my nice bedsheets.
How well do you speak Japanese? Because there's a whole host of things that could go wrong here. Trying to get a piece of artwork commissioned across a language barrier is very difficult. To then get it permanently etched into your skin is rather foolhardy! I would suggest trying to google around to find tattoo artists that can speak English, see if you can get some communication in advance and get an appointment booked in.
It's such a powerful episode. I love the audacity of having a whole episode focusing on a single room and a single character. It enhances the feeling of Sheridan being cut off from everyone else, alone, unsure of what's true or not.
I more mean narrative depth, like how the poem Aragorn sings about Where Now The Horse And The Rider represents cultural elements of the Rohirrim and how humans think about mortality.
I've played mostly in ironman and I think it's great. I've not beaten it, but that's due to lack of time rather than lack of enthusiasm. The progression system between runs isn't that big a deal anyway. It doesn't have a strong gameplay benefit. It's not like Rogue Legacy where it feels like a grind across many games.
There's diminishing returns to Dungeonmans' advancement though. And the game feels fully playable without the advancement - indeed the extra challenge is quite welcome.
It's discouraged for regular play, but it's so handy for learning the ropes.
One thing not mentioned yet in this thread - it's not clear how Gandalf gets a new staff after Moria. I presume one is made for him in Lothlorien. And I presume made in the same way as any other staff is made. So I think the staff is not supernatural in any way, but that Gandalf uses it in supernatural ways.
Why recommend a convoluted viewing order to a new watcher? That sort of jiggery-pokery is only for long-time fans of the series who are curious about watching things in strict chronological order.
We managed to do the mental gymnastics just fine when it was all originally aired. Besides, chronological order doesn't equal viewing order. Do you split Pulp Fiction into its component scenes and watch in chronological order? And anyone forced to sit through the movies and Crusade and LotR might not ever reach Sleeping in Light. Sleeping in Light massively loses its impact if not watched directly after Objects at Rest.
&gt; The worst part is that we never got to find out what Ironheart's 'gift' would mean for her. It likely meant she got dissected by Bester, hurrah!
Like a bunch of hobbits?
Can I have 9 Samwise Gamgees? That would be amazing...
