Yea, I was watching Kingsman the other day and I just couldn't get into it, because all of those actors are in other movies. /s
More like giving cutters to somebody who was obsessed with cutting his own brakes and he then cut his own brakes.
That diving spear header was the best thing he did for us and it was one of his latest games.
All I know is that if it's more messed up than Witcher 3, I'll be impressed.
Don't worry. Some of us native speakers still struggle with it.
Come on now, he's not that bad.
I agree. Witcher 3 can be just as challenging.
&gt;"broke the news" who are you quoting there? Nobody said anything about it being breaking news and they themselves stressed that it was just a rumour.
You literally don't have to read anything. If you're too lazy to watch a video, you can't expect people to make a written summary for you.
Yep, same here. So infuriating.
Who needs dragons when we got feathers.
That's one happy Brazilian. Like he just opened a PS2 on Christmas.
There are lots of other links between his films, but this is one that people probably didn't know. Myself included.
But how many mentors do you have?
I reckon his brother is the thief the title is referring to.
Are the book readers supposed to like Dany?
Why is your sword glowing?
It's pretty damn complicated, but you pick it up fairly easy.
Birdo has a vagina on it's face.
He should go coach Everton then.
Seriously Spurs. Fuck off
Gotta play Zombie 1-3 first
Because he's MY butler.
[Obvious, isn't it?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xw_-wiC8Ac)
Triggered
Ayyy
Drunkborne
How has nobody said FIFA? It's THE drunk with mates game.
There'll be enough of that in MGO
I don't think anybody really gives a crap about the Harpy or who's controlling them. My show watcher friends all think the Dany story from this season was the biggest waste of time ever.
How do you know we're not looking for a new manager?
Photorealistic doesn't mean it's a drawing of a photograph. It means it looks so much like the real life object that you could be looking at a photo instead of a drawing.
Is that one long continuous story though?
You talk too much EDIT: judging by these downvotes, nobody understood that I was quoting The Mountain and not being a dick.
Think about it this way. Count AFFC and ADWD as one book as they run parallel. We are at book 4 of 6. I would say we're definitely 2 thirds through the story. The last 2 books have skewed peoples perception of how much story can actually get pumped out in one of these. Look at ASOS and how much changed during that. I believe finishing the story in 2 books is definitely within the realm of possibility. But, as others have stated, if he needs more and lives long enough to finish the series then more books will be the best in the long run.
He's a little less proven in a top PL side. I personally believe it's a good signing, but I can see why some might be more wary. Milner, on the other hand, is as much of a sure thing as they come.
I found out recently that you press O before you land and he rolls. This takes away a LOT of fall damage.
Nah there still is. He will all of a sudden jerk to the left or right straight into a tree.
What do you call it?
Or just Underground
Yes, but the one in the picture is a BRZ, obviously.
What stood out to me there is that Ings is under 21. That makes me much happier at the signing. So much upside.
It's a stupid gimmick. But as far as stupid gimmicks go, it's the best fucking one out there.
&gt;The game shipped with 49 characters (more than any other smash title by a mile), multiple (fleshed out, complete) game modes, a ton of stages, a stage editor (for the WiiU), CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATION in case you got bored with their default movesets, and online support and you're saying that it's not a complete game? When it was released it was complete, but now there are 4 extra characters which I don't have and my game isn't complete anymore.
I don't think you understand what complete means. Can you please quote the part of my post which is incorrect.
I dunno man, I reckon they would have shouted it from the rooftops if it was console exclusive.
American accent starting to set in.
wtf is loli?
Why is this guy getting downvoted?
The top voted comment is about Ryan. At least you stayed on topic. The RT community just has a problem with saying anything mildly sexual about any of the female employees. Even in a thread which is about a f*cking playboy shoot.
Apology accepted. Though you don't need to alologise for having a bad opinion.
&gt;the game felt and looked better on PS3. You're either trolling or you went blind between the two releases.
He's talking about remasters in general. There's also, to my knowledge feel free to correct me, no new game that QD are working on at the moment so there's still no proof to this.
Who?
Not sure if Ronald or Hamburgler.
Maybe you'll get Shane Smeltz next time.
It took me a while to find Colton in this pic. I honestly thought that was Burnie the first few times I skimmed over.
There was a Let's build where they go through and compare every AHer to an Always Sunny character. I think it was one of the Mega Tower ones.
Yeah you're right. Best just stick to CoD and FIFA. Everyone knows only the most popular games are any good.
Flying from Perth. Equally excited.
The people without PS+ need to buy it somehow.
It may feel great, but not as great as seeing that Platinum pop up.
Wasn't that the London Olympics logo?
I think all the "monsters" (giants, dire wolves, etc) south of the wall just died out.
Same haha I was like, Mel is going to marry Stannis and kill him.
Snake with the bucket and Ocelot with dual wield drumsticks are the best.
Is it like Hot Rod in any way?
If he's going to park illegally, why not park a bit closer?
What? Getting interviewed?
Thing of beauty
When I first saw that you could extinguish fires I thought there might be some stealth element later where you can black out rooms and use the Cat potion to sneak past enemies, but nope. It is literally a pointless feature that just gets in the way.
21.4 or 25+Aspas
If you care about it that much you should have been watching it instead of the podcast.
There's no argument here mate. Arguing with you would be like having a battle of wits against an unarmed man.
Waiting for that Fir-lean-o
Parallelogram
&gt;I'm aware of who she was talking about because I'm not an idiot and I do have some passing familiarity with the characters and their names. I don't know if you do know. If you are several seasons behind, then it's probably not who you think. I can guarantee you that Barb's not-so-subtle hints at who died, would NOT be enough for somebody a few seasons behind to know who she was talking about.
EB also gives you a 7 day return on new games. It's like renting games for free.
I'd say we need one more amazing midfielder to get in front of Can and we are a contender for sure. Can is good and he has a bright future, but we can't rely on him every game to play at CL standard.
&gt;Not to burst your bubble but You stay away from my bubble but.
haha lad
No, you are.
Maybe if you just lay your case out and stop insulting people you won't get downvoted.
Eagle Eye
He was a scourge.
Can't believe I had to scroll this far to find how to get one.
The story finished perfectly. People, rightly so, are worried that a sequel could dampen the first one.
How's no one said [Scotty Cummings](https://s.yimg.com/ea/img/-/110803/a_101009sptmainymf42_173gsbk-173gsbm.jpg)? http://www.westcoasteagles.com.au/video/2013-05-08/sgio-top-moment-cummings-14-goals
That's Mike
The kill bill one is better imo
He's an acquired taste for sure. People either love him or hate him.
To be fair, Geoff was asking him about it and starting the conversations. I think Andy will start off pretty quiet and as he gets more comfortable, he will banter with the others. All his jizz story are already known, so I doubt he will bring them up on his own accord.
&gt;How about 120 hours of collecting flowers and herbs If that was your experience, then you weren't playing properly. Your assessment of the game is one of that who obviously hasn't played the whole thing, or at least went into it with a very negative attitude. My assessment of Bloodborne would be 20 hours of farming blood vials from the same area over and over just so you can attempt to take on a boss for the 20th time before realising "this isn't fun" and playing a different game. But that would be unfair, because even though that was my experience with the game, I'm not conceited enough to assume that everybody shares my opinion. &gt;Seems to me that /r/ps4[1] isn't very polite or open-minded towards others with differing opinions. This is absolutely true, although in this case, I believe your downvotes were as a result of your post being... well dumb. I also believe your second post will gather a few downvotes as well due to your childish assessment of The Witcher 3.
That's a pretty obnoxious way of looking at things. You're saying that if there's ANYTHING in the house that may or may not distract you from the game, then you shouldn't play ranked at all? I've had to leave the controller a few times during RL to either answer the phone or answer the door. You can't plan for everything.
People don't want their team mate getting kicked. The thread is about people wanting to give their team mate a chance to get back in the game. The only people that "don't want to deal with it" are the people being left to play 1v2. This isn't a thread about people complaining that they're getting kicked. Keep up.
No. How the hell did you come up with that? You know don't worry about it. Have fun in your own little world.
We're talking about paying to access the store which you don't need PSN or xbl for.
Sony doesn't and never had that process. It was only 360 that did that.
You can get your money's worth out of those games without the online MP.
&gt;but it does suck for the consumer. It really doesn't though. The only people you ever hear complaining about that subscription are people who dont use it and therefor dont know exactly what you're getting. I paid for PS+ before it was required for online. It's better for the consumer. Don't look at it as paying for online. You're paying for 60 games at a dollar each. Which realistically would cost you thousands to pay for them individualy. It also gets you into new games that you normally wouldn't play or buy. Developers get more sales out of it and Sony get our money. It's really a win-win-win for everybody.
Booo
Well the majority of /r/ps4 voters say you're wrong. What should have won the awards instead?
That's actually what put me off the first one. If this one has even more then I'll probably wait until it's very cheap.
It's would have won regardless. /r/rocket league aren't the only people that like rocket league.
Its place in the opening cutscene was awesome. It was one of the best gaming moments for me and why I voted for it. I think use of the song is just as important as how good the song is.
These cavs commentators are insufferable.
The atmosphere in Witcher is just as good.
Looks like an old fashioned Agni Kai to me.
I can work with that.
It worries me that somebody like you would be in a position to make that choice in the first place.
Gavin is absolutely atrocious at this game.
Pffft
Hmmm. Perhaps I should get dental work.
Great start to the half. Vooch, what a beast.
In Australia you get racially abused if you don't smoke. "Sorry I don't smoke". "FUCK YOU WHITE CUNT!"
Would need at least your first rounder.
Usher would get smacked in a second attitude era.
Now we on a roll like Kimbo Dice.
Damn you for not proof reading.
... So Sanchez as our main striker.
This should be Rondarousing.
Nothing else in the English language makes sense. Why should this?
Jerk ma gerk.
No, it really isn't.
Me either. Everyone I know just calls them Lego. Or in the context of a conversation about lego, you would just say "blocks".
It would feel amazing
Has anyone made this in that siege weapon PC game? I can't remember what it's called.
I wasn't overly fond of that Hitler fellow either.
Grim Fandango is amazing.
Grim Fandango is amazing. Anybody playing it for the first time PLEASE do yourself a favour and DO NOT look up how to pass sections. Keep at it even if it takes you hours. The satisfaction when you work stuff out for yourself is so good. Very rewarding game to play through. EDIT: Post anything positive on this subreddit and you get downvoted. Video games are great people. Cheer up and stop being such downers.
The coach who is challenging calls a timeout and if the challenge is correct then he gets his timeout back, if not, then he wastes a timeout. It will deter them from challenging every little call.
Wow haha that must have been a very slow first-half of the game.
Dire wolf smokes a cone?
If by favourite you mean "most anticipated" then Uncharted 4 easily. I'm also really looking forward to Yooka-Laylee. I expect that will come this year and if it is as good as it looks then it could be this year's surprise packet, much like Rocket League last year.
It's a long season. We were never going to maintain our great form for the whole thing. We WILL get our players back. We WILL improve. We WILL make playoffs. Also Dipo got his swagger back.
Most of the people I play with must have that.
It will always start you off near your goals. The goals you should be aiming for are always going to be the furthest ones away.
Yeah totally agree with this. So many times I forget to save at the last second and would love a second chance.
After 1 minute I would have just said "I don't know, you might have to call Apple support"
Haha did you papercut yourself? This is good. Very tingly indeed. Great stuff
This is so fucking frustrating. How can they be hitting so many 3's??? It doesn't matter how well we play, they just have to shoot from anywhere outside and it goes in.
I agree with his assessment. Why would you expect him to keep playing the game if he's not having fun with it?
&gt;Your reply sounds like the typical "I got nothing to hide and can't bothered with those stupid "social skills"... Cuz I keep it real." To be fair though, that is the best attitude to have. Don't go sneaking around your friends so you can avoid talking to them. It always surprises me how many people want "appear offline" for ps4.
You can report him. Take screen shots of the spam.
I always play in private parties, but if I get a party invite from somebody else, is it so hard to just ignore it or say "Sorry, already in a party"? Everybody seems to be of the opinion that doing this will somehow anger that person or make them feel like an asshole.
DiCaprio is the new De Niro.
Obviously, he's much more suited to Don King.
Both sides of this argument have been exhausted. I won't be adding anything that hasn't already been said.
I expect so. Burnie is a lot smarter than everybody in here assuming Sony are trying to sue youtubers.
I think they tried to get both words but weren't successful in getting either.
&gt;Ok. I mean, it just seems like this is the thread to do that sort of thing I completely agree, but it doesn't stop people from downvoting. The main problem I had with it was repetition and it felt like a grind. I have no problem that it's difficult. I have a lot of patience with video games. I can sit there and battle a boss over and over again until I get it. But with Bloodborne you can't just fight the boss over and over, you have to fight through areas of enemies to get there and possibly take damage in the process which then results in wasting blood vials which you are limited to carrying. So you fight a boss a bunch of times, using up all your blood vials and bullets and you die so you lose your souls as well (so you can't buy more blood vials and bullets) which means you have to go and farm areas you've already been before just to collect enough health and bullets to attempt the boss again. The game was 90% grind and repetition and 10% fun for me. After about 15 hours I stopped and haven't picked it up again.
Which is possibly why their trademark request was turned down. Although I'm not sure if RT have trademarked it. They might have trademarked "Let's Play Live" though.
Don't do that, you'll get downvoted with blind hatred.
I've always wondered what it felt like to be Ardra's camera.
RT love coming here. Might be as simple as that.
I second Rogue Legacy. The best sidescroller IMO.
You shut your filthy mouth. Child of Light is fantastic.
As soon as I found out I couldn't accelerate and shoot at the same time I stopped playing.
How about they ban movies based off novels as well as comic books. They can't just decide what movies they want and don't want on their sub. What is this 1943?
maaaan the MP in R&amp;C on PS2 was freaking epic. So much fun playing that as a kid with split screen.
It depends if the kid or dog were yours. If it were my dog or just some random kid I would save my dog first and then go back for the kid if I can. If it were my kid or a random dog, then obviously I'd go for the kid. If they were both mine, I would go for the kid, if neither were mine, I'd go for the kid.
Wow, so much for an intelligent conversation. No need to resort to personal attacks mate.
I love my dog. Sue me.
Fuck me, somebody must have shat in your coffee this morning. There's absolutely no need for the attacks. Talk about an over reaction. What a dramaqueen
That's a pretty good call actually
Love them. Playing pokemon and fire emblem on my phone at work is the best.
&gt;It's literally in your first reply to me. It's literally written there for everyone to see.. Not sure if your reading comprehension is seriously that bad or if you're a flat out liar You utter moron. That wasn't me that wrote that.
He's talking about the first one
cloverweight
Had it been confirmed to be a trilogy?
I agree. I fell in love with her after about 30 minutes and he spent way more time with her than that.
It's sad now to know why :(
How are we missing so many open layups? Just put the damn ball in the hoop.
Nobody does based off this game. He doesn't deserve minutes anyway, he needs them.
Who the eff is this?
I don't blame the guy, I was just defending my statement.
Cricket is another big one. Especially in the Asian countries.
[*sigh*](http://cdn1.theodysseyonline.com/files/2015/12/19/635860931816028805-1145677168_tumblr_inline_nsmc1accGt1rh75qb_500.jpg) We've lost 7 of the last 8.
Pretty sure it died a while ago.
Too many Vsauce videos.
Yes it does. You just described an elitist.
His wife doesn't work on the internet.
As long as I get to meet and get signatures from Burnie, Matt, Geoff, Gus and Joel I'll be super happy. After all they are the reason I got into RT in the first place and I'm so happy that they are all going to be here at once. Hopefully they have a few RvB posters or blurays for sale so I can get them all to sign that.
Fuck yeah!
What is it?
You were at -2 when I commented
Maybe they should race for it.
I'm a big fan of GCs jumper. Last year's clash was way better than what you're using this year though.
Yesterdays Jam?
It's annoying how fox is there but no diamond dogs.
I made a similarly heroic ram the other day and the guy wrote "fu cking rammer fu ck u" in chat and my team mate who scored wrote "great ram dude" it was pretty funny.
Yeah all the games too
He's not the type to turn down a bit of extra head.
Level 100 in gta online was a massive grindfest. Repeating rooftop rumble over and over again for like 2 weeks straight was NOT fun, but it's my most treausred trophy because of the amount of work it took.
The guardian we spoke to said that we need to be there at least an hour before the allotted time otherwise the line will be capped. Seems to be mixed messaging from the guardians.
I don't blame you man, I'm getting there super early tomorrow so I can get a seat and not move until closing.
I don't know man it sure sounded like it and James's reaction seemed like he just hit someone in the face with a boomerang.
Videos are their thing. That's what we wanted. About half of it was audience interaction so there was plenty of that too. Adam and Bruce were a few mins late, but I'm sure that wasn't their fault. If you're talking about them leaving the stage toward the end during some videos, you may not have been able to see, but they joined the crowd and sat in the front row with the fans.
Why? It's not England.
1. The Last of Us Remastered 2. The Witcher 3 3. The Nathan Drake Collection 4. Rocket League 5. Dragon Age: Inquisition 6. Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor 7. Arkham Knight 8. Wolfenstein: The New Order 9. Diablo 3 10. Infamous: Second Son
I think it's extremely overrated.
You should watch The Raid. It's pretty much the same plot as Dredd, but I think it's so much better. It's more of a kung fu movie
Damn, I forgot about payback. That was the shit.
Terminator was pretty average to be fair and I would class it as more of a thriller rather than an action. Terminator 2 is where it's at.
They won't let him out.
I strongly disagree. I think 1 is slightly worse than 2 and 3 is easily the worst by quite a bit. After playing through them all in the collection I realised this. I've grown to actually dislike number 3.
This post contains spoilers for Uncharted 3. Don't read if you haven't played it. That used to be my line of thinking as well except for about Talbot who I've always thought was the worst and least interesting "villain" ever created. Playing again, there are 2 really cool set pieces which are the plane crash and the ship turning on its side. Other than those 2 parts, the rest of the game is just uninteresting, unbelievable and somewhat annoying. I've platinumed the game twice and I like to think that gives me an unbiased leg to stand on. It's decided that Drake and Sully will go together to one part of the world and Charlie and Chloe will split off and go together to another part of the world to find a treasure. The first place you go to is France to raid some old castle for one half of the treasure you need. Once you find it, Talbot and his men are there, of course, and steal the the treasure off you and then leave you to be eaten alive by a million giant spiders that exist for some reason (hey let's put big spiders in there). Then you go to Syria (i think) to find Charlie and Chloe because you have lost contact with them and believe them to be captured. Nope Charlie just didn't top up his minutes and to make matters more annoying, they've done fuck all the whole time you were in france. Somehow Talbot has beaten you there and his men are already there in great number. He steals your notebook from Charlie after drugging him and then Charlie turns on you. You find the second part of the treasure and everybody decides that it would be safest for Charlie to carry it (WTF???). It, of course, gets stolen again and you are set upon by millions of spiders... again. In a different part of the world, somehow these spiders are everywhere. Then you go to another place in a different part of the world to find some different treasure which then gets stolen again by Talbots men who somehow always know where you are going and once again get chased by... yep you guessed it, giant spiders (the originality and fresh game design is outstanding). I haven't even mentioned all the annoying scenes where drake gets drugged and you're running around in a dream state, that's *REAL* fun. And people think Uncharted 1 is repetitive. Anyway, I could go on all day about what makes UC3 a bad game. EDIT: The grenade throw-back was a great idea and a much needed implementation, but it wasn't always reliable. A lot of the time a grenade would land at your feet and the prompt to throw it back just wouldn't show up, so you're spamming triangle, but nothing is happening and you die. In crushing mode I gave up trying to throw back grenades because more often than not, it would work out for the worse.
Rotten Tomatoes is full of pretentious film snobs. I wouldn't worry about what they have to say.
And Funhaus don't present their opinions in a smug pretentious tone.
Gus said in a later panel that Geoff called him first before Griffin and he told him to only finish it off if he had a gun. Otherwise to drive away. Gus said that ignoring his advice is what got that second deer killed.
Nah it would have eventually been invaded by a different nation who would have finished the job. Leave land unprotected, expect it to be taken.
I actually think Invasion Day sounds way more badass.
The first prop hunt was amazing. The last of us LPs were also amazing.
[Plugger](http://resources1.news.com.au/images/2013/06/06/1226658/540625-tony-lockett.jpg)
Yes, that's the definition of PC.
Because it's a fucking goofy comedy whose target audience is young adults and it's a VERY common trope in this particular genre that the main characters, which are traditionally male, love tits and sex and "hot chicks". It's overly PC because who gives a fuck about such petty things in a movie which is supposed to be dumb fun. gb330033, who is the person I was originally replying to before you got yourself involved, wanted them to have replaced one of the main characters with an empowered female character. THAT is political correctness and the fact that you needed me to spell it out for you speaks volumes.
I was really hoping for a cool black guy. Would work well with the dynamic.
I stand corrected.
Dayum, that offensive rebounding is sexy as hell
He was wide open
That's very disappointing. Guess I'll just download a 1080p torrent instead.
Look on the bright side. We will at least have another lottery pick who can sit on the bench next season.
Why did you take him to see it if he isn't a fan of rooster teeth or sci-fi comedies?
As much as portal is.
$350 and honestly it was that long ago I can't remember what the perk list was.
Is this a full game or just a mini one like blood dragon?
Why is the crowd annoying? Because they're having more fun than you?
Restecp
I don't like this one. It doesn't really represent the movie at all and it's not, to me at least, visually appealing.
Thank you. I was trying to give my honest opinion without offending anybody, but I seem to have failed in that as, at least, two people have downvoted me.
How did you do the 3rd one?
I've never heard anybody call their computer an apple
Uggboots are amazing. Not to be worn outside the house though.
The TV show "Friends"
Yeah I thought that was a nice touch.
Monty wasn't a master at 3d animating and they can easily hire someone else just as good if not better. The thing that made Monty special was his choreography skills and ability to think outside the box to create awesome fight scenes which incorporated the environment and props amazingly.
It's not what the saying is. It doesn't make sense.
Assassin's Creed 1 was way better than Watchdogs 1, but I agree.
'murica
The word "kid" is not used in law.
That's because WW2 is way more interesting. In Australia, we always focused on WW1 more because the Gallipoli landing had much larger impact on our country than any battle in WW2.
PES has better gameplay, but FIFA has better UI and career/manager modes.
It's only trending for you. It's not like Twitter.
They gotta work with the lowest common denominator.
Was hoping "Ride" referred to horses rather than motorbikes. I would have loved a zombie western game.
This is the best news I've heard in a while.
I agree with this, came in to say it myself. It would make scoring easier, but it would also make saves easier too so I reckon they might cancel each other out, but will make the game even more fun to play.
On the internet? I don't believe you
Matches could take hours.
Wow!
Only difference is I wouldn't have a problem saying that to his face though...
"gameplay"
Doesn't matter how good it looks, it's not going to be an accurate representation of the final product anyway. It may seem unfair to ubisoft, but they've brought it upon themselves and have a long road back to redemption.
Haha, of all the things in the game, he couldn't get over the fact that the pirates engineers could have made these wheels.
Mad Max and Shadow of Mordor. Mainly just the nemesis system used for Mad Max enemies.
It's just a coping mechanism used by Vic media.
Nobody puts wee Joe in the corner.
I like Kinda Funny. They have really good knowledge of the PlayStation devs on a personal level as well as professional and they're kinda funny too.
'murica
So her mum is Sweet Dee?
&gt;You'd be making it harder for the average law abiding citizen You don't think it would be worth it to save lives? I imagine most law-abiding citizens would be happy to make that sacrifice. The dude bought the guns just before the attack. If he couldn't do that, those people would still be alive right now.
It said it was coming to Xbone/windows, but didn't say exclusively.
What's wrong with remasters? We got Halo and it was awesome.
That was VERY interesting, thanks for posting.
\#nochill
Still doesn't look like it's in the Australian store yet.
A somebody who has been an RT sponser for years, I totally agree. Since they started doing Minecraft Let's Plays, a lot of younger people have started watching and they're all toxic little shits. Kinda Funny doesn't really appeal to the younger crowd, so the fanbase is much more mature.
Will still be pedestrians though. Low speed limits are more for their safety than drivers.
*by accident
I've got a mate that loves them and we all used to make fun of him for it. He played their music while I was high at his house and just fell in love with them. "Everything's Not Lost" just melted my brain in a good way and I've been a Coldplay fan since.
Man this is a long off season
It's you, right now.
Probably because it wasn't confirmed yet. Even though in this case you may have been right, that's how misinformation spreads.
It goes "woof"
"bugger"
I've got one word for you. "MACHETE"
This is very good news. It was mind blowing to me that, up until now, batman was the only comic hero getting good games.
It's an amazing time to be a gamer. No matter what aspect of gaming you enjoy most, whether it be action, puzzles, story, etc, there are many games for you to enjoy. Don't get hung up on the games that you don't enjoy or that don't appeal to you, because there will be many people who still enjoy them. Just focus on the ones you do like.
With TLoU you just need to blank out all your pre-conceived ideas. Sit in a dark room, put on a headset, play on "Hard" and just give yourself up to an amazing experience. You're in an envious position where you get to experience that game for the first time. Don't give that away.
They really should change the name to "subscription" rather than "sponsorship". It's not like fullscreen need sponsors and now they are gating content behind subscriptions it's a little in-genuine to be calling it a sponsorship still.
I think if you moved the "tipsy" track a couple of bars back or forward it would sound better. It's just off a bit.
The sound quality is fine, about what you'd expect from a decent quality pair of bluetooth speakers. Granted, it's not as good as having a sub or wearing headphones, but it's mainly used as background music. You can always buy better quality speakers anyway, but we cheaped out.
With darkness and silence through the niiiiight...
This is a myth. You'll find that most of their reviews are actually in line with the others. You're just being suckered into the hate that angsty teens have for IGN.
&gt; bringing their review score down because of something that has nothing to do with the game itself. Do you have an example of this? I don't know what you mean.
The problem is that I can't see too many of Sony's first party studios working on VR games. Theyre too important.
*Tasmania
Apologies, but that's a terrible comparison. Shooters are supposed to have people shoot back at you, platformers aren't supposed to have tedious levels. A platformer needs to have engaging and fun levels because that's all it has going for it. If the levels are tedious, then it's a bad platformer.
Dropbears on the other hand...
Griffon. Her channel is ASMRdreaming I believe.
I think Torb is fine as he is. They just need to not allow more than 2 of the same hero to be chosen on one team.
[This link says otherwise](http://i.imgur.com/uv3whVy.jpg)
I respectfully and strongly disagree. I believe the best time to be an RT fan was when they were a lot smaller and did a lot more smaller scale community stuff. When gus, burnie, geoff, Joel and Matt would travel to conventions together and hang out with fans. When the podcast used to be a few long time friends sitting at a table and having a chat. When they didn't have such a young fanbase. But that's just me.
Uncharted 4 obviously
Game is amazing. Loved every second. Loved the batmobile. Loved the story. Loved the graphics. Great game.
He's done one for all the "Let's Play" groups
I remember a few pretty great Benteke goals after we signed him too.
I didn't pay the 30m so IDGAF
Soooo, what exactly is this thread for?
Awesome game, but one small gripe is the Eagles jumper is the tri-panel. #returnthewings.
Use lock-on aiming. In accessibility
Buzz would be good, but they need to make it a phone integrated thing like Jack box is.
Every good game you don't like is overrated and every bad game that you do like is underrated, right?
That's still one of my favourite PS4 games. Been thinking about going back and playing all the DLC.
Love how "the final chapter" is not even halfway through the series.
Nice post! Very insightful
You shouldn't use the ACME branded stuff.
It's not the angle that the ref saw.
Thanks for contributing to the discussion.
...why?
Hoping for Axiom Verge personally. Would love Darkest Dungeon for those who haven't played it yet, fantastic game.
It's funny though because we ARE getting good games.
He's only going to be on Thursdays and Fridays now while he works on his new book and "Colin was Right".
They would be pretty bad guards if they didn't react to their surroundings.
Hinky?
Those people miss out then.
&gt;Great ideas, poor execution. The idea already existed! All they had to do was execute!
It's actually Mark Ronson's version. Amy just provided the vocals.
All she brought to it were the vocals. Mark Ronson actually made the song and it's off his album "Version"
Don't do drugs
This is japanese and it's an RPG, but it's not a traditional jrpg. I do think it's amazing though and well worth a play.
Agreed
It's the best 3rd kit we've had in years mate! Nothing wrong with bright colours.
By that logic it also makes your teammates easier to see for quick passes.
If you're a savant at pac-man...
I class RWBY as anime and Avatar as a cartoon. Funny enough I also consider DBZ and Pokemon as cartoons too, but I know that's just me.
Get used to it. The bigger KF get the more toxic the fanbase will become. Same thing happened with Roster Teeth. It's just the natural progression.
But only a Quiet Riot.
It's been more than enough time to let me see that Nintendo haven't changed. Still wildly out of touch and marketing toward children/casual audience.
&gt;Yeah I have a Wii U *Sigh... Me too
As a predominant PS4 user even I can admit that MS are killing it this gen with the online side of things.
But bright colours are icky!
mmm nah it was bad. 2 is very good though. Very unexpected for me.
Welcome to r/gaming.
Wjinaldum butchered 2 open shots inside the box. Fuck me he could have won it for us.
Report it if you think it's against the rules. That's what the report button is for.
Just as easy as any other piece of scum who wears that shirt.
The voice acting ruined it. That voice is so annoying and Zelda shouldn't have voice acting anyway.
You did a very good job for me to sit and watch 20 mins of people eating bbq. It was super interesting.
Haha that's really funny. I don't like the donations being read out at the best of times, but I really hate the ones where they go into a long sob story. Just donate the money and leave a good luck to the runner, it's not about you.
Not exactly the same, but if you're ever in Australia, check out [Zero Latency](https://www.zerolatencyvr.com).
I couldn't get into. The controls were real janky and the combat felt horrible to me.
If you're like me and absolutely hated everything about the original Watchdogs, please do yourself a favour and at least check out this demo. Watchdogs 2 is so much better than the first it's actually crazy how different/better it is. I only made it a few missions into the first one, but I platinumed this one.
&gt;Look up a list of the most critically acclaimed games of all time, because a majority of them are Nintendo. How many of those are in the last 10 years though?
I hardly even used the stun gun. Most the time I just parked out the front and sent my RC car in.
Back on the PS3 it was nice getting AAA titles, but I found that most of the time they were games I already owned or played. I'm actually much happier with how it is now. I'm actually getting new games I haven't played before.
Shame you missed out on this months games. They're all quite good.
What's a moose knuckle?
yeeeeah nah
Maybe instead of them taking a break from recording it, you should take a break from listening to it. There are many people who don't listen to/watch the morning show and PS I love you is just for PlayStation news/discussion.
Wrong sub?
&gt;Pity it doesn't have that many games. Whaaaat? It has hundreds.
Hi there. I actually had this game in my cart yesterday before ultimately deciding to wait a few days for reviews/impressions. What sort of games inspired you to make this? (I can sense a bit of influence from old school Fire Emblem and Zelda). Could you fill in the blank. If you love games like _____ then you will enjoy Quest of Dungeons. Best of luck with the success of your game and any future releases too!
[Hey](http://images.theage.com.au/2011/06/05/2409131/art_mcguire-420x0.jpg)
Why would they limit the demo to only 2 days? They should be trying to get it in as many hands as possible.
It should have. Sony just stopped supporting it for some reason. How could he have known that was going to happen.
Where does this video fit in?
What are you talking about? Everybody knew the DS was gonna be huge. The Wii was commercially successful, but after a few years everybody got over it and realised it was actually a turd with only a handful of good games on it. *waits for somebody to make a list of every game they like on the Wii*
You're trying to have an adult conversation with children. They will learn for themselves in time.
Congratulations. This is the most naive, ignorant, obnoxious, and laughably incorrect post I have ever read.
I won't argue against the snark, but I am legitimately trying to understand how you people think and perhaps try to challenge some opinions.
I've never realised that the logo is a spoilerless octane.
Saying "I'm super star" is still really lame, sorry.
"When the sun rises in the west and sets in the east, when the seas go dry and mountains blow in the wind like leaves. When your womb quickens again, and you bear a living child. When 'The Winds of Winter' is released. Then I will return and do an AMA, and not before."
I like that they're quite small. The bigger these kinds of things get, usually the worse they get. You lose that intimacy.
Mmmm nah I'm pretty sure it's Limblo.
You're a person of simple taste. I can appreciate that.
It was free a couple months back. Do you have PS+? You might have picked it up but forgotten about it.
That was a pathetic display. The whole team should be ashamed of that effort. Weak as piss.
&gt;anyone who went to Anfield just to sit all game can go fuck themselves Fuck themselves? They'll probably kill themselves for paying big money to watch a 90 minute car wreck. The team needs to earn their applause.
How can you rationalise the teams lack of winning culture and tendency to roll onto their backs any time a shit team decides to play well against them. Shit attitude = shit results.
Referee didn't give swansea 3 goals. Kevin Friend was more competent than our team was today.
No matter who lines up, no matter who our manager is, we just always have shit defence.
Oh boy
/u/trollabot Sw3Et
Loyalty is a more important trait than integrity anyway.
Every comment like this just increases his chance at a 2nd term.
Jesus christ...
You've upset the weebs. You can't insult their waifu's and get away with it.
Judging from the monthly ps+ threads, I wouldn't be so sure about that.
8:18
Nothing creepy about sex with an adult.
&gt; they have paragraphs of fixes that wouldn't fit that well into the notes They fit fine. I've seen update notes that were very long on the ps4. That shit scrolls forever.
Calm down, princess
I've got two questions. 1, who do you think will get the Coleman this year and 2, why does Brad Scott cry all the time?
Just like their videos, you don't have to partake in their games either! Imagine that!
Reach for the stars so when you fall you land on a cloud.
Did you play broforce? It's very fun
You'll get a lot more than $10 value out of it.
You should always wait for reviews of you're unsure.
I couldn't handle it. I'd have to intervene Larry David-style and clap them off.
Neither does canceling your netflix
Tell me more!
I like the 3rd, but it's not different enough from the home hit. Would rather a black or different colour all together.
What does Can offer that Milner doesn't? Or do you just wish to get minutes into the younger, less experienced player?
They will all go to Spurs at last second.
&gt;When he's on form That's my biggest concern with Can. He often goes missing in games and it can hurt us. Milner is always in form and you know what you're​ going to get. Although Milner's best isn't as good as Can's best, I think consistency is more important. Having said that, I do think that pumping as many minutes into Can as we can is equally important especially in CL. It leaves us with a bit of a dilemma.
Remember last year when this sub was pushing for Vuc in the all Star team? Funny how one down season creates a scape goat out of one of our better players.
It seems even less than 1/3 of the features though.
IGN are in bed with Street Fighter, yet they gave Tekken a 9.something. sounds like you don't know what you're talking about.
What a pretentious post.
I went 7-3 and got a very low 1700 rank. Even the games I lost I had plenty of gold medals. Where's the justice?
Keep in mind that we could make an EP highlight reel that makes him look like Magic Johnson. The problem is that we're not going to be getting their best 100% of the time and just watching highlights, while fun, is not an accurate way to scout a player.
That one that 4chan wrote the script for.
Any good ones worth watching?
I reckon half the people on Reddit are bigger assholes.
Psyonix, you either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain. Don't trade away all your goodwill for a few extra dollars.
She can't be cooking for all of us. Pots too small.
Funny thing is that my win percentage is a lot higher in QP. I am cursed with comp, so many times players leave while we are winning or I just get absolutely raped by matchmaking and the other team has a much, much higher SR average. Just impossible to rank up.
No I disagree. They still have a chance to change, but the last guy let the team down. Especially because they already had a sniper. I would NEVER do that.
Sony would make it work if they thought it was a financially sound decision.
I'm more than happy for Sony to focus their resources on making new games.
Maybe it comes down to whether the movie was actually good or not and nothing to do with the cast being female or male.
They can replace VVD if they want. We'll just take him too.
It's pretty​ shit. Just stick to your favourite artists.
There are plenty of shooters which aren't fun to shoot in.
2 days ago we were guaranteed Salah and VVD, now we probably ain't getting either. Fuck me
Literally every club would be in your same position. Wouldn't make it any smarter of a move though. VVD is already gone. Maybe not this year, but the longer they hold out on selling, the less he will be valued. He can only go down from here. Always sell when the getting's good.
Is it too late to take back that apology?
Just my opinion my dude. You're not going to change my mind on it either. I played a LOT of wii games and I could probably only name 4-5 good ones. That's a terrible rate for an entire console generation.
I saw "the VVD saga is officially over" and thought Soton must have finally accepted our bid. Fuck me
That's a really high res picture.
"Liverpool? Who is Liverpool?"
How do you know his name is Hugh?
Makes sense. I hope so!
I don't think this is arrogance. This is just smart business. Arrogance was early PS3 sony. This is nowhere near that bad.
That girl was hilarious. I lost it when the blood started coming out of her nostrils.
I hope they don't put as many "tail/eavesdrop" missions as they did in black flag. For real, remove the naval side of that game and what's left is probably the worst AC game.
Her ass is amazing. I realised this in Dirty Grandpa.
Wasn't the "World premier" like almost 10 years ago?
Trust this fucking subreddit to be disappointed about that. I sat with a smile on my face the whole time. Uncharted, GoW, Days Gone, Shadow of the motherflippin Colossus, Detroit and SPIDER-MAN all were so freaking awesome. Gonne be an amazing couple of years.
People like to write their own narrative.
The Longest Yard was his last good movie I think. EDIT: Actually I quite enjoyed Funny People too, but it took me a second viewing to fully appreciate it.
A Highwayman skin for Mcree That makes me think what else would be a good match.
I'd be happy to just hear a release date and wait for that with no gameplay trailer at all.
Well duhh.
*by accident.
The thing about comic book canon is that it doesn't matter.
You're allowed to if you know wtf you're talking about.
pretty much, yeah
Me ether
He's fading out of being "the PlayStation guy" but he's still very much in the entertainment biz.
Why the hell did Agger stick around so long?
He should have handed a transfer request at the START of the window and left to a Spanish team, not fucking Chelsea.
I don't know the specs of the consoles, but the PS4 pro loads much quicker than the regular PS4. I'm assuming the same will be true for xXboxOneXx.
Knew we couldn't trust them.
You know only one member of NWA wrote everybody's lyrics. Dre doesn't write his own raps either. It's not a new thing.
Yeah you're right, my bad.
The full video for this makes for pretty good ASMR too.
It shrinks?
She's not even highly rated though. We just want to see her naked because she's famous.
I think I am touching it!
They're going to be in a bundle together so it's cheaper if you get both.
The golf course near us has a "course dog" that roams around during the day and hangs out with the players. He chases the balls and usually runs off with them, but everyone loves him regardless.
you 'avin a laff?
I dunno man, seems like a pretty weak excuse to me. There were two police officers and they couldn't overpower one crazy woman with a knife? It just worries me that they go straight for the kill without even assessing other options.
Agree to disagree then. I guess I'm just against unnecessarily murdering people.
Ok, well like I said. Agree to disagree.
There's only so much the government can do to help them if they're not willing to help themselves. Free housing = house gets vandalised. Free private schooling = low to zero attendance. Set them up with a job = can't hold it because they don't rock up. This is all generally speaking of course. I've grown up with and around plenty of aboriginal families and I've​ made mates for life with some, but it also gave me a first hand look into their lifestyles. They're more than happy to go about things on their own and by their own rules.
I bet your mates never take the piss out of you cos you take everything way too seriously.
You can buy it cheap at the moment. It's really worth the value.
The cover/shooting mechanics are nowhere near as nice as Uncharted. It felt to me like you're fighting the controls rather than the enemies. The animations are pretty average too. I got frustrated with it pretty quickly and stopped playing.
He might not be a virgin dog.
... which is cheap
Crank the volume!
Keep US. It's cheaper.
Yeah closing the game does work, but it's a pain especially if you're in a party.
Technically it is. It's content which you can download.
Sully's is better.
You would rather Lucio had no counters?
Muthafucking EndFrame
Thought the same thing. Title is redundant
Just because he's rich, doesn't mean he's old enough to be here.
I dunno, Kepler Bradley goes alright.
Then they are going into a new season with a player who they know doesn't want to be there and it will be terrible for team moral.
They're both keepers
How do you know it didn't make a difference? We might have won if he didn't carry on in the off season.
Exclusives are very good for gamers because it drives competition and competition is good for the consumer.
Couldn't say
Who is?
We just wanted a player who come come in and impact right away. Not another project who will take 2-3 years to see if they will come good or not.
Best car chase scene followed by the best shoot-out scene.
So yeah, nice tits.
Eh, not fussed. It's not my money.
Maybe it would be easier to leave the patch where it is, put the flag the right way round and just run backwards into battle.
How dare you
If he wants to play this game, it's probably not that easy.
You just gotta make sure you don't die of boredom getting to the final scene.
He thought it was his last stand though. That's pretty much all that matters.
The PS+ games have been really good lately. Unfortunately that means I'm just getting games which I already own. I'm no longer discovering new games. Bring back the Indies!
I'm going to give it a while. I'm still sore from Nintendo fucking me during the last two gens.
Wouldn't that mean they are the biggest tits he's seen?
Benteke. He actually went alright, but you gotta consider him a flop as he only lasted a season.
Get a life, mate. Don't worry about it. It's only Reddit, it literally doesn't matter.
&gt;Gameplay is King Did you get that from Colin Moriarty or did he get it from you?
Have Sony ever offered to purchase you? Would you like to be a part of a big publisher, or do you prefer being independent?
Slow down!
Ah man, this makes me really sad to hear. Your relationship together was something special, I hope you can reconcile one day. Obviously I don't know wtf happened between you two, but I really hope that a 10 year bond wasn't broken over one thing. Best of luck with your future my dude, you're killing it.
I honestly don't remember a lot about BTS other than not liking it. The one part that stuck with me though was the dude who she ended up dating was a huge douchebag and there was like NO reason that she would be romantically involved with him. There are dialogue options which give you a belief that you are steering the narrative, but ultimately change nothing. I rejected all his advances, let him know that I wasn't interested in him and he was a dick, but she still ended up dating him. It actually annoyed me so much that it turned me off the rest of the game.
Allow me to be the first to tell you that there are, in fact, thousands upon thousands of people who *do* enjoy games by David Cage. You don't like these types of games, that's great. One of the best things about video games is that there are so many different types and genres that there really is something for everybody, including you. Nobody is expected to like everything and it's pretty rare to find people out there who actually *do* like everything. All I ask is that, just as you've decided which games you choose to like and dislike, you also allow others the same choice.
