If you can handle it then go for it, but don't let it ruin your high school life for the last time. I'm in a public university in my state, but I love it here and wouldn't trade it away for anything.
He said hed owe a lot of money he might not be avle to afford to the government.
We don't know how much he owes..just saying..
My 14 year old cat died suddenly of a heart attack almost exactly a year ago. I was upstairs when I heard my mom start crying. My cat, patches, had fallen off the table suddenly in the kitchen after having what we think was a heart attack. She was gone before hitting the ground. She had been rubbing on my mom a lot and purring not 5 minutes sooner.
I agree with you there, some people think they are the same. That is the main issue with our relationships these days. Selfish is asking someone to do everything for you and doing nothing in return. Taking care of yourself and your partner is being equal.
If you were alone for more than half the year, youre independent
I understand. We only had my beagle three years before he died. In 2 days went feom healthy to dying on the way to the vet. They think hr was 6 when we got him.
if you say it in a terrible way yeah, but would you rather they not say anything at all and just be around them all the time?
you should still tell your gf that...
Transfer. Money is not everything.
Take the class
Academics arent. Academics and networking.
It's just a thought since I can't think of a situation where this has ever happened. In the meantime, would the current president continue to be president until something happened or would they have to hurry? I have no idea and was wondering.
Precalc is required for a class so you have to take it. I dont get the confusion
Google theit requirements..i found my end goal grad schools requirements online
You have to submit everything, that's how it works. You can still get into a state college/university if nothing else and those are fine. I'm at one now.
Live off campus, living on campus honestly doesn't do much for you after the first year. Stay involved on campus by not being at your apartment too much.
Probably not. You need to get in good standing.
Go on pinterest.
Separate cat 1
College is something you do in your own time. If you want to wait a year that's fine and nothing wrong with that....Your family should support that. It doesn't mean you won't attend college, it means you might wait and do better too.
You learn a lot in college, not just in the degree, but about yourself and life. That's the point. I'm a biology major and it's rough.
Be VERY careful letting your dog out without a leash. Always be out there with them.
It is. I'm paying for my own because my family cannot, but some people really should do what fits them the best.
He's acting as if "let" meaning that they're deciding for him...
of course education is important, but if you're not happy then you can transfer and get a good education somewhere else too...
The best thing to do is to try and apply everywhere you can. State Universities and the like as well. In the meantime, see how long you can keep raising your GPA at CC. I never went to a CC so I don't know how it is compared to a state university. (I'm at a public University and just finished my first year)
I'm not sure how it goes for CC to University. I know some of the state Universities requirements for high school to University. My university used to require 2.0 GPA from high school and 2.5 GPA now from high school. They changed it for this coming fall.
Is it affecting anything with the children? It's completely normal for her to want time away from the house and craziness of children. Maybe just bring it up as seeing if she can work during the week when you do? I don't know if that's possible though.
Does your husband think this is serious? Because a life partner should be helping you through something this serious. This is a serious issue because suicide thoughts should always be taken seriously. This could end tragically for you, your husband and especially that young kid.
Where do you live? The cost of living is different everywhere. If your college isn't highly ranked that's alright, especially if you did enough to set yourself apart. You're coming out of college with no-debt which is more than most of us, including me, can say. Your knowledge in your field is much more important than where you got that degree from.
Annoying things in general - online access codes - bad professors - confusing buildings (my college..the engineering building of all places is confusing...ridiculously. I have to wonder if the engineers did it on purpose)
They might if they don't know it, especially, like the others said, if there's a TA grading it. If a TA is grading your papers instead of a professor, use the American version...
Good to hear. Truthfully, take care of yourself, and that kid. It'd be awful for you to pass too soon when you can work through it.
Do it for yourself before anything else. That child can help be your motivation though, he's young and will look up to you guys. Your husband supporting you is the best thing you can do. If you can, see a therapist, if not just find a support system. (sorry reddit doesn't want to let me respond to you for some reason except every five minutes)
I'm doing alright. My mind is on my summer semester of college to make up for a bad semester. I want to do better. I also want to keep my relationship going well with my new partner.
Good luck to you as well. I had terrible first semester and am re-taking the two classes i failed since my college replaces the grade for GPA.
Yeah. I had personal problems with a relationship, adjustments to college, etc. Only got a 2.2 GPA with a 4 credit hour class that I got a D, the other 4 credit got an F, a 3 credit got a B+, another 3 credit got a B+ and 2 1 Credits that I got an A in as well as a 2 credit with an A = 2.211 GPA. The D and F I can replac ethe grade of and bring that really high for the cumulative. (Got a 3.7 the second semester)
I don't think so. Depends on the dog though. I just saw the no swimming part so maybe not since they love that.
Labs are great with a lot of people in general, so unless people have bad experiences I normally recommend them. Most love to swim.
It is normal if you don't let yourself do anything. Take breaks in between studying. Not long, but maybe an hour in between two giant chunks to do something with other people. Your health is important too. If you're having all those issues with snapping it probably says you're pushing yourself too hard.
There are many dogs that are afraid of being brushed and bathed but unfortunately it is necessary. It's definitely something you, or your husband, should do yourselves though if htey have anxiety (long as they don't bite or anything).
Spend every last second you can with this dog. He'll remember the love you gave him throughout his life. Dogs don't like when they can't walk anymore and if he's too old it's still understandable for him to be put to sleep when it gets too bad.
I have a notes app on my phone for when I need it. I use simplenote on both computer and phone so it syncs.
She probably will and is just attached to you and was afraid when she couldnt find you.
You seem to have a good list of pros and cons there. Personally saving money and being with family should be best if you can especially if you do better there. The more you like a college the better you tend tk do.
University - more people in classes - a professor who might not know you as well as in CC - you have to be more responsible (along with this is that you teach yourself a lot too)
Also, I'm going to be a Sophomore studying Biology for pre-vet, so I'm in a similar situation in that regard. Labs scare me because I have messed up before, it happens, and sometimes me and my lab partner fixed it. She messed up before too. These things happen and you have to accept that sometimes.
Why floysians
Take her to the vet
Since your problem seems to be studying, learn how you study the best. Study flashcards for key words. Write up your own study guides, I know a lot of people who did that in Biology and they got straight B+'s I believe. Major?
I honestly recommend doing it on paper. Distractions suck. I tried it and it does not work for everyone. I know people that use Surfaces and just use evernote to handwrite things with a stylus. See if that works on your ipad. It has a handwrite thing you can look up too. I don't know if that works for everything else.
I'm a Biology major who failed Bio 1 and has to retake Bio 1 and 2 starting next week. I failed Calculus I as well. I understand. What I just mentioned happened my first semester leaving me at a 2.2. Second semester was a 3.7. You can definitely improve. Thankfully my school also lets my D and F go away on the transcript. (Since their major courses a D is not by any means passing.
If in-person isn't, see if he can do it a little earlier before the library closes.
The sleep disorder part makes sense, but is it possible to do it earlier than 8:30pm? Because most are willing to re-arrange somehow if that's an issue. You can probaly just meet in their office if they teach on campus too.
For me, I can't speak for every college, it has a lot of people. I made myself join band, I did that in high school too. Join a club/organization that forces you to talk to people. I talk to everyone in the music building and made quite a few acquaitances and a few great friends. I was quiet in high school. You can too. I get it. You need to make the effort to talk first too not just everyone else.
Just say something like this, to be professional: Hello, Dr./Mr. [Professor's name] I was wondering if we could meet at an earlier time, if this is convenient for you, because I have class conflict issues, as well as, slow internet connection, that could cause problems with an online meeting. Thank you. - [Your name]
I use google calendar and set it up in there using a calendar i make that I'll just delete afterwards and see if it works out there. If it does, I add those sections.
Only if the credits you have transfer specifically as major courses. A lot of courses in college are pre-reqs for major courses. Even though I transferred in with Sophomore status, I couldn't graduate in 3 due to required classes. Though I'm adding a minor since I won't have gen eds in my last 2 years.
You shouldn't just do what is required to get into college. Make college easier by getting used to studying, it can be rough.
The amount of financial aid? It should stay the same if the EFC is the same. You probably won't get as much remaining though, if anything, and might need other loans. It depends on where you go and what scholarships you get in the meantime. You left out information regarding any attempts to look up scholarships.
2.6 isn't accepted everywhere, but some look at really good essays for consideration and such. Some even just require a 2.5 so you might be able to get something. Always try friend. Good luck.
It makes sense to me since less do it in the summer so it means you have less competition...
go to community college and get your gen eds out of the way so you can take gen eds to see what else you're interested in to find a major...
It definitely can. I don't think it's the best option to save money in this case.
Why didn't you teach your dog not to bark so much that it was necessary or move away?
A.S. doesn't show as much and doesn't give you enough to get good jobs though. Yes CC is cheaper, but it also isn't viewed as well by a lot of employers
You need to see someone to get diagnosed with depression if you do have that. A relationship breakup of that long is serious and does take time to recover from. On that, talk to people. This can be counselors, classmates if you're in school, co-workers if you work, whatever you need. I say this since your parents don't seem to be the type of people that will help.
It would make more sense to get an A.S. in something then transfer out and get a B.S. in engineering, whether the same or different is irrelevant. Engineering isn't seen as 3 separate degrees but three specialties. 3 A.S.'s isn't going to get you as far in acompetitive environment like that. You need to have as much qualification as you can.
I'm only going to be a sophomore biology major so I can't speak for having finished, but I'm taking Calc I and Bio I&amp;II over the summer and the best thing I can say is: Write, and read.
I don't know you, but therapy and seeing a psychologist do not make you a bad person. Anxiety and depression don't just disappear on their own.
Don't let life get in the way of class. This is the order of priorities. 1. Your health. Mental and physical. 2. Family and friends health 3. College 4. Future plans/life at the very bottom - parties/drinking
Work your ass off your senior year, colleges of any kind love improvement. A portfolio, especially if you go somewhere it's optional, I think should greatly help you.
Passion and hobby are not the same thing. Hobby is something you do in free time, a passion is something you put work towards. You can do things with those degrees, they can enhance other degrees if you get them alongside other things. They are not worthless...
Financial aid doesn't change. The cost changes.
Happiness isn't a location or a specific place. It's having that feeling with the life you have. Whether that be the people you surround yourself with or your career, maybe both.
when they're just getting used to you, always go with them
It's sad to me. I respect liberal arts majors a lot as well as STEM. I'm around a lot of STEM majors because I am one but I'm also around a lot of the other because they're the people I tend to make friends with. Sometimes it feels like they're evolving more as people during it than I am.
Get the other members involved and let them help decide which way is better between the two of you if they aren't giving any input.
If he doesn't feel like he can talk to you and openly communicate, it can never work. You two need to talk about this. I just lost a relationship of 2.5 years last year because he went to other people about our problems after feeling like he couldn't tell me because I was too emotional. He was right. Do what you have to. Seek counseling. Talk it out and work through it. If all else fails and it doesn't work, both of you work together to raise that child the best you can.
Are you in high school or college? I can talk to you if you want to vent friend. It's not too late.
Friend, if someone cares to be with you for that amount of time, they are not just better off without you. She would want to help you. Have you two ever talked to each other about this depression? You can get help. I've seen it.
Being a nurse is a great profession, I have two family members in the field, if you really want to be that, then go back. Be prepared to have to take out private loans to follow that dream since it never quite left you. The study skills you have now can only help you.
Why not an apartment?
Believe me, if she cares enough to do that, it would hurt her more to lose you. When someone a person cares about kills themselves, it affects them forever.
He should have fun, but you can and still get good grades.
Is there a financial reason to go to this other university or is the one you're at good with that program? You're far in and shouldn't have to re-take classes that you already did.
Did the treatments not work?
Can use it for anything. I recommend saving all of it up that you dont need for food and such to get a nice place after college
Probably not. Ask your advisor.
If you're an A-student getting a B is not by any means the end of the world. Your parents are definitely overreacting. I'm an A/B student for the most part and struggled awfully in calc this last fall and even though I failed, my mother and father both agreed that if I retake it and get it up to where I accept it then they will not get mad. A B is by no means a bad grade.
I agree that the parents should care but they shouldn't say a B is a bad grade and a student didn't study because they got a B.
Of course we can't, but he said he studied and I can only go off of what they said right now. My family has different expectations than this person because I'm the only child, and the youngest, that has gone away to college for a B.S. My other sibling is doing an online A.S. degree. (No offence meant to them)
Honestly, dorms help you adjust and make more friends. Also, after a semester or two, try going home less than every weekend to use the money you're spending on the dorms (unless you have a scholarship, still use it). I went home for a weekend about once every few weeks after a semester.
You dont. They just send it..
Shepherd ears..
Get a vet. Find a good kind of food for the dog whether you make it yourself or buy it. Dog proof your home. Get leashes and collars.
You have to excercise those breeds more.
Huskies are for active people generally. Different breeds for diffetent people.
I never heard of that kind that doesn't amputate them.
Go with adukt cat. Kittens need you there.
It's a terrible thing to do but nothing will happen.
Get a good GPA at the CC and talk to the advisor there about what you like and dislike from the gen eds you'll probably have taken. This will help you decide on a major before you transfer.
Having time off I'd say is the best way to go
I never would've used a TV in my room, but I don't watch TV. Anything I want to watch I can do on my laptop, same with games. I recommend if you do get one to make sure to get out of your room and have fun still. join other things so that you don't need to watch tv to enjoy yourself.
I think it's ridiculous to leave a class because you had something scheduled since it shows that's more important than a class. Just saying.
This is because when you're interested in someone, you're automatically getting afraid that you aren't good enough. I think it's a ridiculous notion that someone's "out of your league". If you're interested in someone, talk to them.
I guess those classes are different. Mine mention the syllabus for a few minutes then teach.
You need to talk to the college you went to and see whoever, an advisor or someone, that can help you. Did you take out the max loans you could?
If you've only tried a few you should see if you can find one that works for you. I'm saying that combined with medication is the best option people can have. Meds by themselves and therapy by themselves usually isn't the best option. I hope you can find an antidepressant that works for you friend. I don't suffer from diagnosed depression, but I know others that do and will listen if you want.
Make sure you don't get a kitten too young because you won't be home enough to take care of a really young one
Go to the college you will get the best GPA in if you're planning on grad school.
maybe get a kitten that's not 8 weeks old but maybe 5 or 6 months instead? so that they aren't so small and it might be easier?
Does your family read your novels or something?
It's best for the dog to stay home. This is because Akitas NEED more attention than a smaller dog/calmer breed. They can be destructive dogs...
You should introduce them on neutral ground without all those other dogs around that might cause more anxiety or something.
the environment can definitely change that...dogs can have a "two week meltdown" and if someone isn't there to help him adjust it could make the dog destructive...
If the dog was going to be with someone that was at a class or two a day then come home and be with them I'd say there wouldn't be an issue. But this makes me nervous seeing as he'll be working. These dogs are energetic, though very loyal.
The whole reason you're drinking is because of your life past so the way to help it is working through what happened to you. If they make you uncomfortable, do not continue seeing them. Also, good for you for cutting them out. Block them now if you have to.
there's a limit on the amount of loans you can get
Yes you need to send everything.
Major in biology if you can, a lot of public universities have the first two years the same whether you do pre-med track or not. Then you make that decision after your sophomore year. At least that's how it works here.
Do not give up on your major just because you need to take time of. You don't need to finish "on track" and can take 5 or 6 years if necessary.
Look into what degrees and professions you actually want. Focussing on what you can't will get you absolutely no where
No we shouldn't.
They would, but that definitely isn't ethically right. Those who can't get access to those would be at a disadvantage.
introduce them slowly, and give the cats treats of some kind whenever the dog is around so that they positively associate the dog...
It IS cruel to have animals outside all the time. YOU TWO have to train them to behave. Together. If you cant do that then you shouldn't have the damn dogs. Either you two learn how to properly communicate or you shouldn't be together. The dogs are showing you a problem and you need to take care of it.
Feed them separately.
You're dependent until 24 I believe unless you get that permission. When you turn 18 get a job and move out and go to CC once you get that dependency status.
She doesnt want the dogs in the house. They shouldnt have them.
Then you need to find it.
The thing is i said only outside. If one person doesnt want them inside ever it's a problem
Reintroduce them. Slowly. Keep them separated until its safe
It is the means. You cannot make someone change. You have to force them to take it seriously by moving out.
You probably cant do anything unless it conflicts
Accept them then go on fafsas website and do the entrance counseling..
I wouldnt trust roommates or the people that check my room not to do something to my pet.
Your SO probably hates themselves too for not being able to help.
Having children and raising them is productive.
Its also realistic since most room with strangers.
Yeah mine sends it out a couple weeks before the semester
Mine is protective..
Why didnt you accept right away?
Weird i had to do entrance counseling for it to go through.
And the reason is that people apply to many places and dont wind up accepting them. This is how they fill a program.
Eat before the 10am and eat after at 3pm. Not that hard.
No. That's college.
Are you enjoying the one you're at? Is the education good? Do you feel at home there?
Intermural sports can help
Before bringing a new pet. ALWAYS make sure your current animal can handle it.
The dogs clearly terribly stressed. No way to live
Im sorry.. A few years ago, when i was staying with my dad for thanksgiving (my parents agreed to thanksgiving with him along with summer, half of Christmas break, every weekend etc), my dad got the call that she had rushed my beagle to the vet when he died in the backseat. We knew he had liver issues 6 months prior. I now know the vet told my mom she didnt think hed last two weeks. He made it 6 months and though wr never tested it the vet believes there was a tumor on the liver. His ashes in that container sit downstairs with a picture of him with the bandana he wore at christmas. This along with a make believe dialogue between him and our husky mix we now have. I get you. It sucks terribly.
Slow feed bowls. Get one
Onenote..evernote is a mess to me
You are overanalyzing. Just make sure to talk to them some too. Make friends.
People make them all the time.
Op, you will have friends if you transfer. Go to CC instead of a gap year. Get good grades and take gen eds there. Transfer. Matters a lot more than high school.
Doggy day care that you trust
I came in with 29. Means i can have extra curriculars and a minor. I will still graduate in 4 years.
Show them. Thats what we did
I use a fivestar advance notebook. Pages never tear in it. Holds my papers in dividers.
Not a good enough one apparently. They slow dogs down.
This next year. Go out and join things. Be outgoing. You might find that youre fine where you are.
Yes. Your job to keep your grades up.
Get them out of there.
Thats because they got big dogs not suited for apartments
They can, but in a situation like this it's unlikely
not going to discussion is your own fault, no reason to use being stem as an excuse
He's only 4 months old. You're doing fine. Keep trying.
It hurts your gpa to blow off gen eds
No idea about the privacy thing. My cats couldnt care less.
No you dont. My 14 year old cat died last may while my 20 year old one is still strong. You never see it coming.
Never associatr the crate badly
Get the highest GPA you can for medical school.
Try and make friends and network. That IS part of college and what will make you have the best opportunities and such down the road.
Do what you love.
this isn't recommended for most people who get distracted while typing in class, i always did, you can write them down in class and type later to be honest..a lot easier especially if your prof
Bug bomb the entire place and get the pets and people out of there till its safe again. Thats what i did.
Crate them if they cant be trusted. And keep them in the room with you. If they jump on the table inmediately move them
It usually doesn't strongly affect the dogs personality. Keep the dog always on a leash and socialize with 1 or 2 dogs and not a dog park.
Be careful on collars, they can easily get them caught
I wish i remembered what we did. It was 10 years ago probably. Sorry, ask a vet if they know of a kind. Raid probably has one
How old are you? Can you move out of the environment where your family doesnt want a dog? Also, just block the area off. Baby gates or anything.
You really should fix your fence. They arent wrong.
Working dogs dont
And youre wondering why he chews..
Crate him.
Get someone else to run him. Off leash shouldnt be an option if you cant help it.
I know they are. Im saying they can have problems such as abuse, neglect , fear of abandonment and other issues you have to work on a lot kf the time. I think its great but not for everyone
If you cant keep him safe you should especially if hes been trained correctly to enjoy it.
Some are like that. But saying they dont based off one dog is ridiculous.
Chemistey minor or dual major is a good one. Anything environmental related can work for you if it interests you
8 hours definitely no.
I was only concerned because you said you didnt have time for a puppy. Some dogs have terrible problems.
Leave the dog where he is unless there's abuse. Does he get excersises
Good to hear.
If you can't handle stress medical fields are probably a bad idea for you in general. That isn't to be mean, that's just a warning. I'm a pre-vet major majoring in biology. If you don't get into pre-dentistry, you basically go for a masters and research until you get into the program you want or stick with research. At least that's what I've been told.
My school as a 3.0 GPA scholarship i got from my high school grades. I got a 2.997 by the end of this spring. (Awful first semester with a 2.2 then a 3.7 in the spring.) I was very irritated finding out my GPA
lab/shepherd mix?
Swissgear bag, works fine for me
we don't know, she doesn't naturally have her ears pointed..which confuses me. They're always floppy
wouldn't a mix of them hav epointed ears?
maybe, i want to find out someday what she really is.
it sucks for those dogs..they could have been trained better than that and given a propper home
do you care about barking or anything like that?
ah alright, so a normal amount of barking (just when excited and such) would bealright?
would a schnauzer, or a spaniel work for you?
Why is this a problem?
a lot of dogs find the crate a safe place, you don't have to shut the crate if he goes in it himself...
Cats don't seem to need a lot of variety in their food. Cats are like people and sometimes they don't want to eat too. If they're acting like themselves then it's normally fine.
Can you possibly take her for a lot of excercise before you leave? Short play times isn't enough if it's an actual hybrid.
orientation is not a good way to determine how a school is to me...my orientation was boring and it's kind of a marketing thing, but i love it here now
appeal, no point in not and wondering
If your wife doesnt want one, a puppy is going to bite if you dont teach it. Same with everything.
If you dont want slobber, an elder is probably not the best idea. Your family sounds great for most breeds. If youre willing to give ghem the attention you claim i think any lab/lab mix would be lucky to have you guys.
Your first exam does not determine your grade. Also, dating someone and living at home is something most of us did in high school. My parents didn't mind then and wouldnt now. I am staying with my bf over the summer. Another thing, if your school refunds money left after you use all fin aid on tuition and theres some left, why not rent?
Best advice i can give - have the dog spend a lot of time with other dogs, if hes not aggressive.
Anyway you can talk ovwr skype or something so they can hear you? If its not permanent you want them to like you
No problem. It's going to take time, but the dog probably knows somethings wront with his friend.
I'm an on-campus resident at a commuter school. Yes, most people go home on weekends. Yes, it's quiet over the summer. I found my ways to enjoy it so far. Only been here for a year though now. I joined an organization on campus (band) and found a lot of friends through it. You do what makes you happy anywhere with other people who love it and you'll make plenty of friends to hang out with.
It might just be a notice telling you its being paid. Can you check online anywhere about if you still owe anything?
I dont deal well with large groups
Do you have a place to swim nearby? I know that sounds stupid, but labs usually love the water. Also, have you raised the other from a puppy and know how to raise them?
Alaska is on the other side of Canada...
I know. You can still do it yourself. I got the info from my parents and do my own.
Retaking calc in college is highly recommend..same with languages...they tend to each different things and teach a lot more that you might not have learned...
i took precalc in high school, i'm getting screwed in calc I because a lot of things weren't taught right
Taking some loans isnt a big deal as long as you have a part time job as well. Also, engineering. If you do well, will make you quite a bit if money to pay it back without too much trouble.
If you want to save every cent go to CC for some time for gen eds, though youll take longer.
Because college is expected these days. (Im someone who wants to be a vet so college is required). If done right, education is more than your job. It opens you up to a ton of information, knowledge. And growth.
Study for 50 minutes. Break for 10. Repeat for the time you have.
they do, but engineering classes are in 4 year or even 5 year curiculums with all the prerequisite classes....
really unlikely to have things that are exactly the same unless you get lucky....
You might need to surrender it to a specific cat rescue. When you adopt an animal you make the commitment to stay somewhere you can have it. A rescue would take care of it and have it with a foster that would take good care of it since you can't.
this is true but you're supposed to go based on what they say if they change the date as well...
Did she give an actual reason? This is no where near enough information
Take a year off is my recommendation.
Many people cannot physically tske care of someone that dependent
Move out and do it without them. They should advice you, not control you.
It really depends. Me and my ex didn't work out because we changed too differently when i came up to college at the same place. How is it creepy? You're one year apart from each other. That's completely normal.
Engineering should really be an in-person earned degree (gen-eds obviously don't matter)
Keep the cat in one room at first when you move.
maybe you guys moved in too soon?
Pro - benefits with the job are great. If he loves it go for it Cons - not a lot of money
It seems more like 5 weeks...and a puppy shouldnt go home before 8
Being there like that is the most important thing to do. When she finally can open up to you from what shes learning, listen. I dont know you, but it sounds like yourr all she has.
Lab or something else simple?
Keep them separate and reintroduce. Multiple females are more likely to fight.
Any type of spaniel, dachshund since you already mentionef you know then (though every one ive met barks).
Huskies are definitely not bad dogs at heart. They do have high prey drive and shouldnt be around pups unsupervised. Your mom is definitely in the wrong taking it to a dog park..
Hire a walker...puppy pads just make it worse
Use a crate inside...
Be civil to everyone. It helps. A lot. Also, just avoid them. Ignore them. Not hard.
Youre good. Can you volunteer somewhere?
that's COMPLETELY wrong of your parents...i have a husky mix...she goes up and licks and sniffs everybody...lol
that's COMPLETELY wrong of your parents...i have a husky mix...she goes up and licks and sniffs everybody...lol
children are going to find dogs adorable, that's normal...I'm not saying you shouldn't get away from them if your dog gets really nervous around them, but they are probably young kids
Head halter id say
Using a harness to replace collars isnt always bad.
More control for you from what ive heard. If using a harness, use a front clip one. Huskies are escape artists
Financial aid isnt available for you yet maybe
Major?
If you refer to your boyfriend as "this guy" and aren't willing to commit to the relationship. Leave.
To me a boyfriend is a partner. Theyre someone you care about. Im not being harsh im being honest. If they dont want one because they feel it's "holding them back" then they shouldnt date.
6 weeks is really young. They normally are still with mom at that point. It takes time.
Depends on how different they were for my major.
When dogs are first introduced, they should not be unsupervised. Reintroduce them slowly.
Youre not likely to get giant scholarships, but thqt does not mean you cant get in somewhere. Look at state schools and see what their requirements are.
Calc I is rough for some people. Practice it. A lot. It was rough for me the first time.
Honestly just bring thr laptop. You dont need a desktop in a dorm room.
Yes
Woulsnt say its bad. Get a dog bed and have her sleep in that if you dont want her in the bed.
Its usually best to contain a dog in their most comfortable area. They complain less. Honestlu, your dog sounds ready to be out
1. What career do you want? 2. What major will get you to that? 3. Which school is better for that major?
Biochem with a minor in physics or geology....
If your school has rules, you have to follow that, though I'm sorry to hear it's getting in your way.
I think it's a ridiculous rule, but I bet this has happened to other people and don't think you should be the only one to get out of it.
You dont. You take precalc and do calc I like everyone else
your fault for failing
because overriding when you didn't learn the material sounds like a terrible idea to me...
I think it should be allowed if it isn't lol. Personally I'm going to be in my second year in college (which OSU btw?) I'm a biology major/pre-vet (my school lumps bio with those most of the time). Looking for a job on campus as well.
A sweet, energetic dog, that you should probably keep on a leash at all times lol.
ah, fellow ohio college student (born and raised)
I feel that if you truly want to move somewhere else then that's fine. You really should check the cost of living there and see if it's higher or lower though. Also, definitely apply everywhere you can in the coming time before you move there.
Cats tend to be really different at the shelter and during the first little while you have them. I would give it a month being there before they usually completely settle in. My cat who passed away at 14 years old a year ago, would bite us randomly for no reason. It never drew blood but scared us. It only happened once every few onths but it happened.
i like it here, but that's just me..and i could be in a few places...
not a fan of the state itself though sometimes lol
i was originally going to go to osu when one of my parents lived there, but when they moved i lost that motivation.
The act is not a good representation of skill.
My first day was pretty calm. You go to class and go back to your room if you live in a dorm. You eat in the cafe that your campus has if you have a meal plan. I don't know why you're scared.
Keep trying. This dog is still a puppy.
Leash train and wear the dog out. Never walking a dog is ridiculous
You have to excersises that dog. He's a large dog with energy. If yoy don't have time hire someone who can.
Associates degrees don't help much.
you said you haven't been able to for awhile though...you do need to exercise before you leave them
If you need to save the money, go to CC for the associates and then transfer out to a University if you're certain all credits transfer to cover gen eds.
you're doing a lot of the right things, it is best to keep the dogs separated for now especially when they're unsupervised. Let them smell each other to adjust to that scent but eing this careful is always a good thing..
some people also just aren't physical
of course if they can they should go for a b.s. or b.a. but starting at CC isn't necessarily a bad thing except it can be a problem especially for someone like that that's far ahead with tha good of grades
Unless its a really difficult class i see no reason
I buy my books using slugbooks. If they're science books I keep them, anything else i rent.
You can get out of it by sending your schedule. I did.
get the dog booties i'd say
Honestly, i would say not go back to that University. You might fall into not trying well when seeing people from before or old professors or even anything. If you're doing well, why damage that?
why can't your loans cover it when you can take out private ones? i'm confused
they aren't, but all schools are going to require you to unless you go to one with a low enough price...
There are, but you need to give more information.
What's the reason? If you don't have one, wait a year and do AP/DE courses at your high school if they're offered to get out of gen eds the easy way.
it is from what i've seen, college isn't cheap (parent plus isn't an option for most). I'm at a public college and have to take out private loans
as i said, gen eds, not that they would be relevant to your major..a lot of people look down on those who graduate early who could've gotten cheap/free credits...do post-secondary if you can too
How much do you have in loans? Apply for scholarships in any way you can. If you go to a state school getting enough in scholarships to afford tuition without loans is possible.
community college isn't the best if you plan on going far, but if you want to start there go for it...I was just trying to save you money
You're doing the right thing. Crate train him when you're gone until you can trust him. First, keep him in the room with you when you're there. If he tries to pee somewhere, move him immediately outside. When he does go outside, make a big deal of it and keep those treats with you.
rott/lab mix? that's what it looks like to me
he looks like a friend of mine's dog who is said to be that mix though he has floppy ears, everything else looks the same
i don't mean that my friend is the only one who thinks it, just that it's how i know the dog..
You should make sure you have time alone with each of the cats. He hasn't been around you for even a year yet and there's a new cat that might be causing him anxiety still. Has he fought the cat or had accidents anywhere new?
" Hard sciences" are not for every person. Do you really feel like you'd enjoy engineering? It's a difficult major. If you want to do english and philosophy go for it. As long as the college isn't putting you into a ton of debt for doing what you enjoy I see no issue. And if you want to ransfer colleges, you can, but you would be behind and would have to spend time on pre-reqs to remind yourself of math.
Ah that makes sense. If you can live with that's fine. When you have the money, try and upgrade the ram too if you can at some point.
try calling those at UCLA. CC advisors are useless from what I know. (i'm at a state university in a different state, idk how CC works)
That's a good choice considering what I see in the comment from the MIT student below me. Do what you love friend.
My husky mix was fixed, and had 4 other things done at once. A tumor removed, spay, eye fixed, tooth removed. The spay was impossible to see any marks from.
9-5 alone doesnt work for a puppy. Recommend a young adult
Dont break up playing. These are two puppies. Also, you know your dog and when theyre actually angey by body language. If theyre both enjoying themselves it should be fine.
Recommend against the pads and just say to walk them. The pads cause major problems later for training.
Dogs tend to figure it oit. But socialization is a good thing for a pup too. It's not bad behavior, every dog is different.
At 5 months they dont need really long walks yet..trust me as a husky they will later
Earning money in any sense will lower you financial aid because of how it's calculated. That's how I understand it at least.
There are dogs in shelters that require a lot of work and some that don't. It all depends. Getting an older dog or a puppy from a good breeder is fine if you can afford that, but do not believe all shelters are like the experience you have.
IS there another option than an ESA? People can see a therapist or many other options if they work for them if you don't want a dog. I don't like the idea of a dog being in a home with someone that doesn't want anything to do with it.
If you're willing to have a dog walker or doggy daycare depending on preference, ther'es no reason an 8-4 job keeps you from having one. Personally, since you seem like a novice owner I would go for an easy low-matinence breed like a lab or osmething along those lines.
I don't know why I got downvoted. This is a realistic concern of mine is if the dog is abused/neglected because the owner doesn't want anything to do with it.
They will apply them if they're transfer from the CC at that point
Are you on medication for ADD that is true and diagnosed. IF not, find one tha works for you even if it means taking a little time to yourself. Also, ten more classes isn't much. You'll be alright in that regard. Technically you could go to CC to prove to yourself that you can just get a degree of some time.
It's there because the degree is seen as a 4-year degree at 4-year colleges. It's also looked down on because many academic scholarships at local colleges only can be used for 4 years (8 semesters) so those cannot help you later. It is not a bad thing to take more time to me. I'm planning for 4 years, but this will involve a class over each summer to complete a minor as well.
you never said the degree
1. Are you living at home or on campus/apartment? Advice as follows: 1. don't eat terrible food all the time, if you live at home then take something from home to eat instead to save money and to make yourself feel better 2. 7.5k means that you should keep that money saved and use the money you're currently earning for fun while saving what you can to have a better life after college 3. Yes, have fun. On weekends, hang out with friends that you trust. If you live on campus, go to events that are free and get food there too.
I use a fivestar advance 5 subject notebppk that has 5 dividers. The last dovider has loose leaf paper. I do not take notes online.
that helps with answers i think, If you live in a dorm, stay on campus more than going home. It just wastes money (go home like one weekend a month if close) and keeps you from making more friends. Also, keep food that you can microwave back up from when you do go home like pasta and soup and other things like that to save money and time.
That sounds good to me. Long as you talk to your family occasionally I see no issue with not seeing them much.
Parent plus have a lot better interest rates than private loans. Private loans tend to screw students on that. If you can do praent plus loans and have your son pay you for them if that's the issue, you can do that.
Depression is not what your boyfriend experienced, he experienced sadness. Major difference.
Private loans are more of a pain. You would have to cosign his loans since I doubt he has credit. Parent plus are much simpler with the application. I cannot get them, I'm a student currently.
The parent plus immediately tells you you were approved. Private loan ones take more time. I've done both applications because we tried parent plus but my parent's have awful credit.
The main reason to do them that often is in case they do get out. My 6 year old indoor cat gets outside a lot and we have no idea how. (We think he follows our dog when welet him out at night for bathroom breaks since he's black)
Make sure he isn't just trying to pacify you to avoid arguments. You two need to talk this out and ifhe can't be there for you then you shouldn't be together. Also, good luck seeing a therapist. As long as that one works with you and your boyfriend is willing to litsen ( as long as you're comfortable with him there) you can definitely get beter.
mine's because i have to get a cosigner fill out their part and that takes a lot longer than just filling out the plus one at once...
It definitely will benefit you both, if he actually listens. Just remember that you wanting medication is not wrong. If you see a therapist and take the lowest meds you can with them still working, there is nothing wrong with that at all.
Of course you need some to spend, but limit it as much as you can within reason. Don't spend it on ridiculous things is all I'm saying.
It really depends on where you live too. Which state? there's different costs for things
that isn't, but the dog obviously not being trained well enough to be in that area with other pups is
In my state, 2000$ is what i lived off of for my fall semester and a little less for spring.
What i'm told, whatever your likely starting salary is, it shouldn't be much more than that
Depression is an illness. Serious illnesses require treatment. Some of them require this for life. This is one of the cases.
because in america they care about a person's ability to grow and work ethic instead of just their grades
I would send them an email or something to admissions saying you aren't going there, but you aren't in trouble since you never accepted the offer.
no problem, you're fine as long as you didn't put the deposit or anything
it's a strange issue for him to just dislike the outside, have you tried any way to make him enjoy the outside? Encourage being outside with treats and other things to make a positive association? Some pups are just strange.
It takes a lot of time and your pup is young, maybe it'll take more time with this one than before. I recommend just using the treats constantly, even if it takes a long time, it's better than accidents.
I recommend working during that time.
You mean other than gen eds?
something like that
For me. I'm taking band every semester so it's about 4 credits/semester for fall and spring of that. Also, I have two minors, one of which required for the major basically and another just because. The second one that requires extra classes is just an extra 3 classes (1 was used as a gen ed, another two are covered by my major since it requires 6 classes altogether). So I'd say I'll have 32 credits of band + 9 credits for the minor.
What have you tried?
Is there anyway you can get him to rehome the pup? He's not ready for a dog of any ind, let alone a dog that cannot physically hold it for that amount of time.
You say you just want to get better. That time period is necessary. Do you live alone?
Are they willing to support the fact that you're going to be different during that time? Do they understand that you have an illness?
I would recommend the Civil Engineering even though you have an interest in GeoScience. If you really want to look into Geoscience, get ahold of someone in a college near you about job prospects in that field. Until you can find a job in that, I don't recommend it. Engineering over CS if you are willing to do very well and have a great co-op. ESpecially since it would be somewhere you already work. Math is something you can get tutoring for from math majors and friends if that's a problem.
You need to have that conversation. IT doesn't have to take that long and they need to show tha they care. Talk to them about the fact that you need medication. You have an illness that requires it. It's a very simple fact there, but if they care they will be willing to be there for you.
Definitely have him in the catio. Cats tend to get scared, at least mine, when you're moving stuff inside the apartment and could get out.
cats don't need a lot of space in my experience
It truly depends on where you are. What state? Public or private? Ivy or not? This is a pretty open-ended question.
then you need to call someone who can get it rehomed...a pup in that situation is neglected
i guarantee the catio is better..slowly let him enter the rest of the place as comfortable
The cat was probably meowing when youw eren't there, or it's separation problems along with the new home.
maybe, but pets don't like change either
i agree with you, it's strange since you were gone a lot but single cats sometimes have that problem
it would still be a problem because she would still cry when you left...and since this is temporary i really don't recommend letting the younger cat near the old one
Then the best I can say is, keep her anxiety as low as physically possible while you're there. Be with her when you can and look into asking a vet about things to help with anxiety, since this is a problem she's probably going to have even when you move out.
At his age, it's definitely not too late. It takes time just like the pee did though.
She might have weak eyesight then, and at that age it's a little hard to tell. It's not the best situation for a five-week old pup to be away from it's mother. Because the pup may not be the best-bred dog considering the situation, the dog sounds like it may be blind. Although, over time it will learn how to be a normal dog like every other just using it's hearing (which will be improved) and it can feel the vibrations for when you're walking as well.
don't scruff them hard enough to cause pain
If there are lumps, get them checked to see if the vet believes they are fatty, if they aren't sure, get it removed and tested. Call the vet and see what they say in the meantime. My husky mix had a lump on her back when we got her that was a little larger than what you're describing. We took her to the vet the day after getting her to have her fixed/tooth removed/eyes fixed/lump removed. The lump never returnd.
He should. My dog is a 6 year old husky mix we've had since she was 3 ( we think that age, she was a stray) and she has some strange habits. She always poops outside, but has accidents inside peeing wise still. These things happen.
if it is an actual class i don't think so
it's different when the dog is associated positively to a crate
These are not the breeds for a college student.
7 month old pups need someone to let them out every 8 hours at least from what i know
Huskies dig. Set up a specific sandbox area hes allowed to dig.
If you cannot trust the dog and dont seem to be willing to put time into it. Rehome him to someone with experience.
Use onenote and a stylus
Thats not excercise
every single time they dig you have to move them to the appropriate place and put rocks underneath the dirt there where he tried to before...if that's an option
Yes, and dogs tend to get destructive with that. I get dogs in the country since a lot of them are outdoor dogs, but keeping them inside 24/7 doesn't usually end well.
I just think she should try the class, because you aren't ever really sure how a dog will react at first. IF it doesn't work or the dog becomes an issue then focus entirely on the trainer.
Many of them accept you as a freshman in the spring. Mine does and I don't know of any state schools that don't
What's your first year schedule like for me to help you there? When it comesto food, prepare your meals during the weekend for the week especially if your dorm has a kitchen. Sleep 8 hours a night I'd say. Get up early. Study at the time of the day you feel most productive. It's easy tolisten in class, it's hard to take learning into your own hands.
What time of day are you most productive?
If you truly want to go to medical school, you can, but it would be a probably long and hard path for you.
College is going to be stressful and so are careers in general. Do you have a career center at your collegethat you can talk to them about?
Apply to all of them and see what you get in financial aid. If the college in state is great for your program I see no reason not to go there unless you have something against the school.
I highly recommend it. If yours is any good they will talk to you about what you can get out of the degrees you seem to like as Communications, I'm tol dby friends of mine, allows more time for networking and things as a major meant for it.
Look at state colleges in california. I've heard they're the best state colleges, I don't live there, and state schools tend to be easier to get into overall.
You're 23, that's not too old to go back to Ivy League, but are you willing to sacrafice all your time for studying to do well there then.
My college just shows them as credits, not as grades.
Is it a lot of effort to do both degrees at once? Do you have time to network properly at a lesser known college to get a better job? (that's just as important as the honors)
One is more specific then the other I would assume. If it's just a gen ed or something I'd say take the General ones.
I had to ask as I'm not in Canada, I'm from the US, and don't know the Universities up there. If you have an internship and will be ableto find a job that way, I think the lesser known one is fine as long as you feel that you are doing well there.
I would be careful playing for awhile and call the vet and just ask them about it to be sure.
Depression is a real illness. Do you have depression or are you just lonely. There's a very big difference. Also, don't get a gf just because you're lonely, just a piece of advice.
You have a diagnosis of depression? Have you seen a therapist or other professionals that can see if you need therapy or something involving that + medication? I don't have depression, so I will never claim to understand what you're going through, but If you need to vent shoot me a msg sometime.
I recommend crate training your pup. You should mention their age though, if the dog is an adult you have to train it slowly to hold it's bladder and then over time they learn to be able to for a 7-5 job to be fine. But that takes time.
Call them and see what they say, it's such a small amount that i wouldn't worry about it too much and just pay it.
why? they groom themselves
Don't leave them alone together.
You're not going about it wrong. Check with the vet to make sure she's actually overweight, some cats really are just larger. I think you're doing it right, but don't listen to the recommended on the bag, instead ask a vet or someone who knows what to give them.
Good luck.
A backup for most sciences is grad school then research
That heat outside is neglect.
They wont, but tjat doesnt make it right.
We know its outside in the heat, why not inside where its safe?
Or they could have someone care for it instead of ditching jt.
Yeah it is. Dogs arent cats. They need attention and being let out properly, not just ditched in 110 weather
Why didnt they have someone dog sit the house then?
Yeah, and a dog cant be outside in the heat like that either. If you dog sit, you come home often enough to let a dog out for a few mins then leave.
laws allowing it doesn't make it right
My dog shadow passed away 3.5 years ago from what is suspected to be a mass on his liver that eventually caused it. I left Thursday to spend the weekend with my dad and he was fine when i took him outside for a short walk (he was a beagle that didn't need to walk very far). Sunday morning my dad got a call from my mom who was crying (they're divorced) with news that he passed on the way to the vet after being very ill. Life sucks sometimes. We got a husky mix right after that we love. We have a dialogue set up of how we think they feel about each other to remind us that he'd want us to be happy with a dog again.
You could probably transfer out if you show drastic improvement, i don't see a reason why if you're planning on a state school
When you're at home after work, take him for a long run.
do you give them enough excersice before being put in for the night?
can you get the cat adjusted to a harnsess so you can tie it to something the cat can't move?
crate training is not evil, especially if only done for 2 hours at a time..
any reason you don't keep her in your room? that's what we did with a 4-week old kitten
If shes learning, i think youre doing great. Just dont make jt sound evil. My families best friend is crate training theirs tk make kt easier for their other dogs to adjust to her.
Comp engineering
Dont work if you dont have to, other than about 15 hours on campus.
If its 7 years old, they can expire i think
Maybe? I have no idea. Its what i heard.
The amputation is much better for a young cat that can adjust easily
Ah that makes more sense. Was juat confused
Is your gf on meds to help? (Not for the cat to sleep with you, but to be around it)
1. you do not have to be naturally good at math to succeed in it 2. Are your parents paying for your education? 3. What are you interested in? College is about honing and making yourself have skills, it's not about having them?
If you want to keep your dog, I recommend staying at home. College kids a lot of the time don't have time, if living alone, to give them the right attention.
There are a lot of factors that go into this: - Money - Quality of the school - Relationship with family - Grades - etc
I don't have a car and I'm going into my second year. It's a pain in the ass and if you can get one to drive to the store once a week, I recommend it, especially if you have a kitchen to cook in.
Dont do it too often. Only when necessary.
I recommend sonography in your case honestly. It's only two years, you make more, and it probably will be best especially since you said you have a personal connection. Less debt + higher pay = less stress
I feel like it's a different thing than the normal Compass test...
It sounds to me like its probably time. Hip dysplasia is very painful for a dog anf shes beginning to lose bladder control, its going to get worse.
Being there for your cat is all you can do.
There are very cheap neuturing clinics you should look into
That's how online classes are.
My dog now doesnt care. My beagle before paced, barked, and layed with my mom till they were over.
I recommend trying for federal ones, those should be an option...also, wells fargo's interest rates are awful
Not a puppy. Get a young adult.
I wish i could, but the only cat we raised from 4 weeks isnt toy-driven
My husky mix knocks her food on the floor and a lot of the time carries her bowl of food with her before this. They eat eventually but may be just good at rationing themselves
i was concerned it was a kitten, if your aunt is there once a day, just make sure you leave out multiple things of water so she has it in case it gets knocked over.
I mean I could be very wrong. I just heard that myself. I recommend talkin to multiple advisors before accepting it from one.
You need to introduce them slowly. Keep them separate in different rooms while putting something with the other cat's scent in each room. Give it a few days. Note: always have multiple litter boxes Also, at first, don't let them out alone for a couple weeks after this. Truly, you only need them just not to attack. You don't need them to be best friends.
you can clip his fur, but do notshave him
You put shave in your title
As said, you can have a groomer trim the fur but not shave
Can you and the cat go somewhere, get her a bath at a groomer, and bug bomb the whole place?
Thought it didnt need to be for a night
Ah. Thats too bad as that would help. Is he clingy to you so much that hed cry in the car?
You won't need a good desktop in my experience with friends. You would be fine with a laptop as long as it's not an 100$ piece of junk.
This is an old dog, these things happen. Get her checked by a vet.
It's not tough for most people. My 20 year old cat was gotten by my family at a year or two years old? we don't know, but he's always been affectionate with us. Honestly our 6-year old cat isn't very stuck to us and we got him at four weeks. Every cat is different.
Honestly, if you're looking for an energetic dog to get along with your husky, why not just look into one of the more similarly energetic breeds? If you have a husky do you just not want a second one? or would you prefer something like a lab or GSD that, depending on the dog, can have that energy.
I have friends in all levels, honestly it'll kep you from staying in your room to do work and you can get help from other people easie too.
My concern is that the area is infected and she should get flea stuff from the vet and come inside, you should bomb that area while taking the dog somewhere to get a flea bath.
Also i meant before
No harn applying to thw other school
1. Apartments arw cheaper than dorms if youre in the right ones basically everywhere 2. Loans can cover everything, but private ones require a cosigner 3. On campus can be covered by aid, apply for scholarships
Keep them seperate for awhile at first
Has anyone contacted the owners? Also, if they won't do anything, take your pup out on leash in the backyard and praise him more for going out there. You don't want your yard to be a negative place for your pup especially for potty training and simple interaction.
check your universities website
Is there any reason you need to leave that close? I know a few people who go to school at mine that are from NY and enjoy having time away.
Good luck to you, the dogs are not at fault here, but their terrible owners are..
ah, sorry, didn't know that.
'If you're new, I recommend getting a cat since they require a bit less effort, but if they have the personality, are still attached and cuddly. One of my cats is affectionate with just family quite a bit. Essentials 1. Food should be given in small enough amounts that your cat won't throw up if they're the kind that eat a lot at once 2. Get a food that isn't awful, doesn't need to be the best andif you can, give them canned food mixed with dry 3. have water out at all times for cats with an auto water dish as well as a small water bowl in case it gets knocked out 4. have money set aside for the vet, get their rabies+ only essential shots if they're indoor only
don't feel too bad, every dog needs a home
Make sure to spray and clean the car and yourself safely while shes getting the bath
You didnt meet the requirement. Youll have to being the gpa up
Usually it means from the day you originally submitted
ATH-M50X
Chicken broth - low sodium and make sure there's no onions or garlic
Slowly introduce them of course. The husky should be crated at first at night, but only until they get along. My husky mix doesnt care about our cats and just ignores them.
Think i should do a dna test?
Either wait a year and earn money to go to CC or call and ask why
Those are the options. Apply earlier for fafsa next year..
If youre planning on grad stay where you are
Is thete any water treadmills in the area?
Do not make a big deal out of leaving
Best gpa for med school
Goldens tend to be some of the most gentle dogs (though they require excercise like any dog)
parks have rules for a reason
Are you guys always home usually? Usually being around 24/7 is what causes SA.
