I think it's much more interesting to see more historic actors/movies rather than recent ones. We all know how and when Paul Walker died so it wouldn't be as meaningful IMO.
¿Que de queso?
I think these arguments can be effective and I've used them myself, but there is a danger in the fact that people can take what you've said and advocate for forced prison labor, to pay the $300,000 prison bill, and barring convicted felons from obtaining government assistance. All it takes is a handful of politicians to partner with some corporation and say "look we've got these prisoners working for free and, through the sale of their products, we are running a budget surplus. We're keeping the criminals locked up *and* saving the taxpayers money!" Cue re-election.
http://chuckpalahniuk.net/files/nerds-hairpie-1.jpg
But on the other hand how many of them would have turned out to be the new Hitler? Again, we will never know. Personally, I think it's up to the individuals to decide. I would never ask my girlfriend to get an abortion, but that doesn't mean I want to make that choice for others.
That seems to be an issue of lenses though. I mean you *could* put an iPhone up to a telescope and take a clear picture of another planet.
*My cousin and I touched wah.. wie... wien.. My cousin and I touched weiners*
Cheap toilet paper/paper towels. You might save a couple of dollars, but you'll go through it twice as fast. Plus Charmin feels amazing when compared to the cheap competitors.
Followed by /r/LegalAdvice
But it's worth five *hundred* dollars in savings!
I agree. I mean for all we know this could be completely fabricated. "Oh yeah we *totally* found and took out HQ with our SpyWhiz 3000 machine."
It's not as if these are large scale uniformed battalions, like the Redcoats, that we are fighting against. These are just a bunch of everyday looking people with a shared ideal.
*"Yeah I'll take a venti Sharia, half-caf, no whip, with a splash of western perk."* That'll be $4.75. Please pull around to the first window.
If you listen closely you'll notice that Disney's goes "ding ding ding di di ding ding… DING… ding ding ding di di ding ding" while Ghosts n Stuff goes "ding ding ding di di ding ding… ding ding ding di di ding ding." It's not the same.
http://rs196.pbsrc.com/albums/aa33/triplejumper18/seinfeld-high-five.jpg~320x480
Yes I am well aware of the costs. I only spend about $150 on gas per month. Rent alone would cost $300-$400 more. So even if I walked to work, I would still be spending at least an extra $150. I also work a compressed week, so I only have to commute 3-4 days per week.
Thank you! It seems so much worse that this is all occurring in /r/funny. Jokes about stereotypes are many comedians bread and butter, but apparently that type of humor is not tolerated here. This is what I'm reminded of while reading some of these comments: https://youtu.be/fjIuPSuYSOY
Fair enough, I can agree with that. I didn't even find the joke to be that funny, but the guy/girl doesn't deserve to be called a racist (especially in a tone mocking the mentally disabled - wtf?).
Found the slow, passing-lane camper.
Drugs can really give you a window into a different level of consciousness (I'm looking at you, psychedelics) and open your mind to new things. Also, they're fun.
Come on, honestly try to put yourself in his shoes. How would you feel if your wife and kids died and you felt someone was responsible for causing it?
God damn that bee shit. The property next to my girlfriend's work has a bunch of hives on it and the cars there get **covered** in it. That shit doesn't come off!!
To be honest (and in my opinion of course), all cable news networks have devolved into Jerry Springer news. It's all heads in boxes yelling at eachother or faux-scandal outrage.
Either that or /u/AWildSketchAppeared
It was 4 touchdowns for Polk High to be exact.
Like Groot and Rocket?
*I'll take you to the candy shop. I'll let you see what I got...*
Has anyone else seen The Adventures of Baron Munchausen and think the Minions are a direct ripoff of those miners near the end of the movie?
That's what I was thinking too. Is he also using the table as leverage?
Multitasking/split screen was on my stock S4, S5, and Note 4. Reading this post makes me feel like I live in an alternate universe. I'm assuming this feature must be a Samsung thing?
So does this mean that it was really Obama who invented the internet?
I think he was scrounging for gold.
Goddamnit this describes my electronics instructors perfectly. Apparently you should already have a degree in electronics before taking any classes.
Dude can't afford a house with those monthly Lambo payments. He just lives in a garage with his books and Lamborghini.
Jeezus, someone get that woman a cigarette!
That will only get you through one season. Better buckle in for the long haul!
How do you figure?
KITT's. And they can all come with an autographed headshot of David Hasselhoff.
They're *always* trouble.
Yeah then when the chronic high-fiver took off running, I was expecting a chase scene.
https://youtu.be/yfI3vB3InHs
I came here to find this out also.
Well grandson, sit down by the fire and let me tell you a little story...
It's back up in Oregon!
They should just move it all the way forward and put it over the screen.
I think one problem with these questions is that people are assuming that a computer has human-level reaction times when they are several orders of magnitude faster at reacting and calculating different scenarios for avoidance. I think an autonomous vehicle, with their array of sensors and other inputs, would see the problem coming well before a person would even know what's happening and react accordingly.
Thank you!
Except *you* wouldn't really be ruining their grade. *They* would ruin it by not taking the test.
This is the first one to make me literally laugh out loud.
Oh I totally agree, but it's incredibly irrational.
That'll learn him!
I've read that a good emergency fix for leaking fuel is to rub a bar of soap over the crack and it will seal it temporarily.
Are you sure it wasn't film on the inside of the window?
Yeah it would definitely be hard to get a girl pregnant when you've got a mullet and handlebar mustache.
Shit you want to talk about hell try working there during Christmas when they start playing the same 10 holiday songs over and over from Thanksgiving until New Years. It's especially terrible when you work in the back where there isn't much background noise to drown out the music.
It can be terribly embarrassing, but just do a simple two-step and sway your body to the music if it ever happens. This is the easiest way to 'dance' and it works with most music.
Eh, he/she gets it right 50% of the time.
They could have been worried about the liability of diagnosing the issue without performing the tests. Some people love to sue these days.
That's *Mr.* Coffee to you.
On the bright side, he could become the next Kanye.
You're right, this checks out. Source: the 10 Kanye-ndments
&gt;Best I can do is a ~~wheat~~ Canadian penny. FTFY
&gt;Google says its speech recognition technology now has only an 8% word error rate (Down from 23% in 2013) *Google says its speech recognition technology now has only an 8% world terror rate (Down from 23% in 2013)* This is what I got. Seems legit!
Who strangely looks a lot like Miley's father: http://themockdock.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/08/sp32-20080825-214749.jpg
Dennis Quaid was great in that movie also.
Shit was catchy-er 20 years ago. Gotta love Mix-A-Lot.
But then this goes back to employee wages. How much better would junior perform in school if both mommy and daddy didn't have to work full time to make ends meet and could spend more time helping him study.
And he's probably thinking "*Ohh man, I have so much karma waiting for me*"
His depression worsening, the caterpillar began to wall himself off from the world, little by little, until one day he found himself living in complete isolation. Then one evening the caterpillar could take it no longer. When the sun rose the following morning, there was one less caterpillar in the world. The spirit of the caterpillar shed its earthly husk and floated away into the sky.
Publisher's Clearing House has really stepped up its game.
I have a Ukrainian friend, with a strong accent, who does this occasionally. 10/10, would laugh again.
&gt;Pretty sure rednecks would be storming the white house with ~~4-wheelers~~ 3-wheelers right now. FTFY
It also rarely snows in a lot of the PNW so our cars don't crumble into a pile of rust from road salt. That may have something to do with it. Also inflation...
And retail sales in October!
Can't read - it only shows up as a thin strip on mobile...
Lincoln City right? We've tried there once or twice before and definitely had some good luck. Thanks!
Phil Philips sounds like one of those slow people who constantly have a large buildup of saliva in the corners of their mouth and Gary Garyson looks like a classic con-artist. Just look at that mustache! Check mate, athiests.
The real life embodiment of Reddit. He's our true god.
Now kiss!!
Oh god... NSFW
A *Marine* of sorts?
No that's just my penis.
If your statement shows a zero balance then what debt is there to show you're paying? Edit: more info [here.](https://www.creditkarma.com/article/CreditCardUtilizationAndScore) &gt;The graph above suggests that there is a strong correlation between credit card utilization rates and credit scores. Generally, those who had a lower utilization rate had a higher score and vice versa - **with an exception for those with 0 percent utilization. The average credit score of those who had a utilization rate of 0 percent was actually lower than the average score of those who had a utilization rate of 1-20%.**
Yeah, I mean I've only been here for maybe two years but I swear to god this place gets repetitive pretty often.
Did anyone else's phone get cancer from visiting that page or was it just me?
Why in the world would you ever decide to take the monthly payments then? I mean it's already better to take the lump sum because inflation would cause your monthly/weekly payments to be worth less each time, but getting taxed on top of the inflation loss really leaves no benefit to the annuity.
The problem is you have to let that money sit for 4 years. Even after 20 years that's only $400k (assuming you earn 7% *every* year), which again has to sit there if you want to earn anything from it. Far from enough to retire or live a dream life.
That's the definition of terrorism. The difference is perspective and winners write the history.
Yet the Chamber of Commerce businesses are the ones hiring them. They're also a huge political lobbying group.
Nice try, Microsoft.
You must not have been old enough to look at porn in the days of dial-up.
You might want to get yourself checked out by a doctor.
We did it, Reddit!
Well my post was more of a joke, but there's obviously the north and south poles. East and west are more tricky but we established arbitrary [meridian lines](http://www.timeanddate.com/time/dateline.html) to divide east and west.
Well you *still* have a lever growing out of the ground. It's just perpendicular to the ground.
My company instituted a new program giving any new parent 8 weeks off at 100% pay within the first year of birth/adoption. It was definitely a huge relief. However, now some of my co-workers are discussing adopting 17.5-year-olds for the free vacation.
The website also states that they have reports of this happening in 25 states. Just because they only list 11 examples does not mean it has only occurred 11 times. It also states that some pharmacists refuse to transfer the prescription to another pharmacy. Can you explain how that is *not* a restriction for those denied individuals? You may be right about people running out of gas or showing up late, but that is something entirely in their control, while a pharmacists refusal is not. Additionally, why is refusing a birth control prescription seen as insignificant, but refusing someone's insulin or heart medication presumably wouldn't be treated similarly?
And it's Pho delicious!
Do the math, it may be cheaper to cancel now. For example, if the early cancellation fee is $300, but you'd save $100/mo on the service with 6 months left, it will actually be cheaper to cancel now.
I certainly recall home ISPs charging by the minute back in the day before mobile phones with internet connections even existed, so I don't know how truthful the intent of this statement is.
So what about the reverse? Would a NH resident receive a refund on VT income tax due to the high property tax burden?
The trick is to work overnight and get that huge shift differential while simultaneously missing all the traffic because everyone is going the other direction (aside from 26 perhaps).
That's true but you could potentially end up spending multiple times that amount so it would be better to eat ramen for a little while to save the bigger chunk of money.
Well obviously, but he replied to someone talking about DirecTV so I'm assuming it's a satellite TV subscription. If he cancelled and used Netflix he would still be saving quite a bit of money.
Wait for husband. Or work from home.
And shattering on your head to boot. Yikes.
Still got some Ewok that I bought in Vancouver. Stuff ain't bad.
http://abcnews.go.com/Travel/northwest-airlines-pilots-miss-airport-150-miles/story?id=8892976 I guess it was only 150 miles, *but still...*
Think about getting a haircut or manicure. You're not receiving any 'goods' for those services yet they are taxed. Parking your car is the service.
So did the driver in the video.
What kind of car do you have that only has LATCH on one side? Even my Camry has it on both rear seats.
... Shortly after the other world powers were blown to bits during WWII
Too soon. =(
I saw that he died, but I'm asking if David Bowie posted that before he died.
Cash Cab's Ben Bailey?
Ever drank water from Vegas? That's the most disgusting stuff I've ever tasted, and I usually leave quite dehydrated.
Putin on Ritz?
You can filter them free, but a lot of private companies charge you to use their software.
You don't necessarily get additional deductions just because you make more money.
Probably because this is such a common issue to run into.
You need a fax machine to figuratively get your paycheck or literally? I'm over here wondering why you don't use direct deposit.
You should see it anytime you log in to a website. Many sites, like Reddit even, default to an HTTPS connection.
Uh, I was born in Oregon, smart guy.
Well that's true for most of the country, though.
I subscribed after seeing the front page post of the guy on the waterfall. I agree there is some really awesome stuff here!
Reading over this thread I can't help but wonder how you haven't noticed that the bulk of your comments consist of putting words in other people's mouths then responding to those very same words that you created. None of your assertions were even remotely implied from what I can see. &gt;you seem to be saying that all forms of immigration control are wrong? Nope. &gt;cries of racism or right wing nutbag Nope, don't see any of that. &gt;&gt;Case in point, the main "solutions" being offered in these threads is revoking due process for migrants &gt;I just stated any suggested change to the law results in accusations of being a right wing nutjob and here you are doing it. That's quite the logical jump there... &gt;This is fairly new sort of situation. Seriously? Have you not heard of WWI and WWII, for some recent examples?
They have people in Montana now??!
The western world is not in a recession. I suggest you look up the definition of a recession before you go blabbing about other people not understanding simple concepts.
Perhaps you should go back and actually read the wiki article. There's a section called "Definition." And after that you can go ahead and give us a source stating the entire western world is in a recession.
&gt;Sounds like those counties suffered deeply under Obama (# needing food stampts doubling during his first term) But it's not flawed to blame Obama for it? Regardless, the first link with the three Kentucky counties receiving over 50% of their income from welfare was from 2012. The child comment shows that they voted Republican in 2008 as well. His point was that Republicans are largely anti-welfare, yet the worst offenders are Republican counties.
https://youtu.be/voOQ-Fph7Fc
You mean Commander Shran?
For the third time, they also voted overwhelmingly Republican in 2008 - ***before*** Obama was inaugurated. He didn't take office until January 2009.
Are you using Google Ultron?
Four quarters so $80k.
They never moved the bodies! They just moved the headstones!!
Possibly on the opposite side or under the seat.
Once you plop the fun don't stop™
It's really that they just want free resources from the government in order to net higher profits for their ranching businesses under the guise of 'mah freedoms.'
Great tip! It made it really awkward when my brother-in-law got back with his partner after telling everyone that she had cheated on him. Thanksgiving and Christmas are always entertaining though...
[Ask and ye shall receive ](http://youtu.be/FTY_GzFFSjE)
Wow, that's actually really catchy. It's a shame that we didn't get a full length song.
Instead of the bible they worship logging/logger lifestyle.
Lobby to remove car dealerships in *Michigan*? Yikes, that would be a monumental feat.
[Not true](http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-mail-does-the-trick-for-fedex-ups-1407182247) &gt;For FedEx alone, the post office delivers an average of 2.2 million packages a day, or about 30% of the express-mail company's total U.S. ground segment. &gt;UPS won't specify how much of its shipments go through the post office, but a regulatory filing indicates those types of lightweight shipments accounted for 40%—or about 37 million packages—of its total increase in ground shipments in 2012.
Wow, I can see it's well past someone's bedtime...
You might want to talk to someone about your anger issues there buddy.
Actually just asking people to give you rides everywhere is elite level frugalness. Walking means new shoes and have you *seen* bike prices these days?
Eric Cantor was a big one.
Yeah, I think /u/MisdemeanorOutlaw knows a thing or two about looting.
I'm 90% in agreement, but one thing I noticed about these vehicles is the weird oil fill with the baffle, it always seemed to build up condensation inside the cap and was generally always covered in milky white oil. The second thing is that many quick lube customers don't take great care of their vehicles, but these engines more commonly seemed to be the ones with terrible sludge problems. You'd expect to see it across many different manufacturers if it was just poor maintenance.
Well, he raised taxes nearly every year in office including raising gas taxes and Social Security taxes, he gave amnesty to 3 million undocumented immigrants, raised the deficit, added government agencies like the Department of Veteran's Affairs. In California, he opposed and helped defeat the Briggs Initiative which would have barred gays from teaching in public schools. [Even Mike Huckabee and Lindsey Graham agree.](http://www.washingtonmonthly.com/political-animal/2011_05/huckabee_reagan_couldnt_have_w029428.php)
I thought we were talking about England not Ukraine.
You get tips at Burger King?
Haha, suck it metric system! Freedom units win this round.
I've scrolled pretty far down and I'm surprised I haven't seen it yet, but **circumcision** is pretty creepy when you think about it. Who came up with the idea of cutting off the tip of your penis in order to become closer to god?
What's bullshit about it? A refund just means you let the IRS hold on to your money for the year. You would pay the same amount in taxes either way.
Well that's why it's called an estimator though. I know it's great to get a big refund, but it's money that you could have had in your pocket throughout the year.
That's just a myth!
The particles in the air are running into one another and building up static charge which turns into lightning once it's gained enough energy. Edit: [And apparently computers.](https://www.reddit.com/r/WeatherGifs/comments/41s518/lightning_storm_with_a_volcanic_eruption/cz4vr5c)
&gt; I'm sure she will understand eventually. &gt;5 months left OP better hurry.
&gt;They'd just have other issues (potentially) In the microwave? I think so.
A broken e-clip got me a great deal on an 80's K20. The clip popped off a solenoid (or something? it's been a decade) and got trapped in the valve body so the truck wouldn't shift out of first gear. We found it by accident while pulling the tranny apart, but once it was removed the truck ran like a dream.
Favorites list?
It's not meta yet.
watched 10 episodes of Criminal Minds!
It's a logical fallacy called "appeal to authority." They can't argue on merits so they claim to be an expert and disagree based solely only that.
Discounting any finance charges, the only extra costs are associated with taxes and licensing the vehicle which goes to the DMV. These are both fixed costs not something that magically appears at the end.
We *did* get to make all those Achy Brakey Fart jokes though, so there is a bit of a trade off.
Just like Japan is currently facing.
Those burgers aren't going to cook themselves, *Alan*!
Ford makes a turbo‘d Ficus?
Great comment.
Juggalos, man....
You can always add your own if your water doesn't contain sufficient levels.
Try hunter2
I figured that but I still don't understand what he's trying to imply. Killing the man out of compassion? Or killing the man because he caused the wreck? Why kill himself too? Why leave and not tell anybody? I'm lost.
I think this person might need a new wheel bearing.
Actually, after reading further down, he did say that he left and never reported the accident. It's pretty fucked up if it's true.
Give me a milk... **In a dirty glass.**
Someone should create a show where they compile all the best Reddit comments and package them in an easy to digest form. It'd be nice not having to do the legwork all the time.
They do tend to shrink after sex. There may be some truth there...
Can I ask why you think it's insane? Japan especially has a big problem with a shrinking and aging population. Many developed countries *must* rely on immigration to keep their populations from shrinking.
Perhaps we can ship some weeaboos over there? Seems like a win-win.
Occasionally to meet product demands as well. Too many i7 and not enough i3 for example.
Ugh I get don't why people like using cases on their cars. It makes the car so bulky and really kills the styling. Why buy such a thin car if you're just going to put a thick case on it?
'Cap' is short for 'capacitor.'
How the heck can you guys tell it's a wrap job? Genuinely curious.
I still blame Ticketmaster. What the hell is the point of showing an artificially low priced ticket? It's not possible to attend the show at that low price. The only way to attend the show is by paying the inflated price. Everyone who *does* attend the show pays the full price. The people that can't afford the inflated price *don't* attend the show and *don't* purchase a ticket. What the fuck is the point of showing a lower price? It literally just makes people angry that would otherwise pay the full price in the first place. I understand the usefulness of this tactic in, say, service/retail establishments because it gets customers in the door who might not have come in the first place, and they might buy *something*, but this is a one shot deal. Either people buy the tickets to that one show or they don't. There is no other merchandise or service for Ticketmaster to sell, so I reiterate *what is the fucking point?*
Yes!! The artist is only coming to town for that one show so the "product" is scarce. You can't just sit on the idea of purchasing tickets forever; it's a one time event! "$59" or $79, you're going to pay either way if you want to see the show.
You can on mobile.
Sorry, I had my details wrong. Tesla uses a three phase AC motor on each axle (for AWD p90d) or just the rear axle (standard Model S) and they *do* use a 'transmission' but it's just a single speed and I'm assuming used for gear reduction, regenerative braking, and park/neutral purposes.
You got baked before your first time driving?
You mean like people injecting bong water that they extracted in their marijuana labs?
That was hyperbole to demonstrate the absurdity of some news reports.
They might just have to if you plow into a chain of driverless cars.
Dude was probably frantically going over each script trying to find an appropriate response to the question.
In sure he got that loan wellllll before 2010 though.
He's saying that the same type of treatment written in the article is the *reason* why the Soviets turned to communism. I think you grossly misunderstood his comment.
Then there's the guy who drives a forklift in a cannery that thinks he knows even more than those polysci majors. Welcome to news article comments.
Hello, fellow poor kid!
The cheeks give it away big time.
Some out of state ranchers want the government to give them land for free so they can have higher profits in their ranching businesses. Guys take over federal refuge here in Oregon demanding that they get free reign over the federal land. Guys receive many dildos in the mail. Guys are apprehended while driving in to town and one is killed.
No evidence? What about the fucking armed occupation of a Federal building that has been going on for over a month?!?!? &gt;Asked if he would rather be killed than be arrested — were the occupation to turn violent — 54-year-old occupier LaVoy Finicum, said: "Absolutely ... I have no intention of spending any of my days in a concrete box." ... "I'm telling them right now — don't point guns at me," he said. http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/oregon-occupier-lavoy-finicum-warns-fbi-he-d-take-death-n491056 Also, quote me on where I'm cheering his death? I have no sympathy for idiots who engage in idiotic behavior and die because of it. Should I feel sympathetic towards a DUI driver who kills himself after plowing into another car? Should I feel sympathy towards someone who provokes a bear and gets mauled to death? He made his choices.
Pretty much every store I've been in inside Oregon carries it as well.
It all comes down to delivery. If you don't say it confidently then it's going to sound creepy and he'll/she'll think you're weird.
Oh you mean "the right of the people peaceably to assemble?" Yeah I think that went out the window with the whole threatening and taking over a federal building thing.
I wish it was only 10 years.
I just finished BSG for the first time a few days ago after burning through all the Star Trek series and *wow* I've been missing out. There's a torrent following around it there with the complete series, mini series, movies, episodes, etc all in order to anyone who hasn't seen it yet.
Yeah, but if I remember correctly you don't even find out that name until after that action has already begun so it wouldn't really spoil anything.
Could be a strong current where the water is being funneled through the Sound.
I believe they're what you described as rogue waves. There are warning signs all up and down the Oregon coast to watch for sneaker waves. I've never actually seen one here, though, even after visiting the coast hundreds of times.
Holy shit people are not happy with your comment. I don't even see what's controversial about it. Looking back at my teenage years, I can't help but agree with you.
I worked there for three years and I can confidently say that they (management) were all miserable people. Well, except for my manager, who was later fired for boning one of the wine vendors, or the overnight manager who was really friendly and then got caught stealing $80k from the cash office over some time.
Y you mad bro?
Tow the line also seems to work though, especially in this context. [This is what I visualize.](http://cache3.asset-cache.net/gc/200533084-004-man-pulling-steam-train-with-rope-gettyimages.jpg?v=1&amp;c=IWSAsset&amp;k=2&amp;d=2mCd5dXYY8kz6h2xwnZ9CtmDY3w5nYWvu%2ffdXm%2fLX8lhIQzZu09Ybx8UhyHZ9I7gphP6PE54CM4%2fEa0gHnKCCg%3d%3d)
A good idea in theory, but terrible in practice. Referendum voting allows the majority to rule the minority. Just look at California's Prop ~~13~~ 8. The residents of one of America's "most liberal" (I don't believe this is so true anymore) states voted to outlaw gay marriage. On the other hand, here in Oregon we voted to legalize marijuana. While I'm happy about legal MJ, I think referendums are too prone to being dominated by whatever the popular opinion happens to be at the time.
They aren't spending *our* money on campaigns; they're spending donations. I think corporate lobbying is an issue, but if you take away the politicians, companies can just do the same with PR and marketing on the public.
OP's mom, if I'm not mistaken.
&gt;And their product cycles aren't changing very quickly. You aren't kidding. I was at the Portland Auto Show today and the new Acuras look exactly like the Acuras from 2005. The Accord has only had mild styling upgrades since around the same time. I do think the Civic has actually been updated quite a few times in that time frame, though.
I found a glorious 1990 Chrysler TC Maserati for $4900 http://seattle.craigslist.org/oly/cto/5412560213.html &gt;Removable hard top ,convertible or just soft top with a push of a button. I found a real transformer, guys!
We found a great deal buying tires on Black Friday a couple of years ago. I think the best time to buy is when they're on sale.
If you're patient it's entirely possible to find great deals on cars. You're also neglecting the fact that cars are always depreciating and you need to pay for transportation either way, so losing *some* money on a car is a given, whether you sell it or not.
&gt;Intentional or not, it's absolutely a serious microaggresion I really hope this is a joke...
I don't know for certain, but I've seen a lot of vehicles with optional "cold weather packages" in addition to the trim level package. Edit: here's what you're looking for http://www.cars.com/toyota/camry/2007/standard-equipment/ Heated seats were optional ($1700) on all trim levels and not standard.
He could just pretend to be the delivery guy. Works every time.
Aren't these generally private companies contracting with the state?
Robot in disguise.
Biker Mice from Mars?
You'd think it would be, but it's actually illegal. I think it has to do with crossing state lines, which makes it similar to interstate 'trafficking.'
It is 1g. I just bought a gram of wax in a small tin (not a cartomizer).
Nope. You are only allowed one 15mg edible per day. I think this is the most ridiculous part of the rules.
I actually saw someone mention above that when the law goes into full effect in January you will be able to buy a full ounce per day.
I bought a 3 year old Camry with 30k miles for only $15,500 which to me is about as close to a new car as you can get. What are you looking at for $10,000 more?
In addition to this, one can't ignore the crazy amount of new technology in cars over the last 10-15 years. My old clunker was a '96 Explorer which had two airbags and 14mpg with basic fuel injection, while my Camry has 8-10 airbags, direct injection, variable timing, bluetooth, etc, etc, and gets 35mpg. Cars are built better now which can help explain the higher prices of newer models.
Just for the hell of it I looked up the total cost of this loan. It was over $9,000 interest for 360 months at 2%. Not as bad as I initially thought.
His wiki said he won a $100,000 contest on Star Search which led him into acting.
I assumed there was a birthday in there somewhere.
Well if they didn't make you perform your civic duties at 8am it wouldn't be such a problem for many people.
I'm curious why he chose 1970 as the comparative date. We were also a country for 200 years prior to that and our peak immigration period was prior to that in the early 1900's when over a million people arrived every year. Now the world is much bigger, but we're still only processing less than that figure yearly. It seems absurd to make people wait 20 years to process some paperwork in the "richest, most powerful country in the world."
Is this really true? I thought viruses persist and can't be cured. Aren't these people carriers now?
&gt;And he's 100% correct that there is no need to apologize for wanting to secure the southern border or that it's possible. How is it possible to secure 25,000 miles of border? Putting a fence across the US/Mexico border would be like putting a fence across half your yard and expecting that to keep everyone out. [In visual form.](http://m.imgur.com/clcTKNw)
But that argument can be refuted with numbers just like his argument can be proven with numbers. We were shedding 500,000 to 800,000 jobs per month until a few months after Obama took office. We've since gained the 9 million jobs back as of mid-2014 and had added growth on top of that.
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2013/jul/30/blog-posting/are-90-million-americans-not-working-or-looking-wo/
I work in semiconductors. We do have local support companies, like yours, who build us tools, but the high volume manufacturing (which supports a lot of jobs) is all done overseas. I think we simply have conflicting anecdotes. Neither one proves anything, but the trend has certainly been to ship jobs overseas.
http://www.bls.gov/news.release/empsit.t15.htm It's right there: 9.7% http://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS13327709 See the trend?
My thought as well. Wires don't usually short out without some other kind of damage and it would likely blow the fuse.
I knew I had recently read about this somewhere other than reddit, but couldn't remember where.
Nice try, Applebee's PR PR department.
As someone who has repeatedly tried to give AB a second, third, fourth, etc chance, I will tell you that your food might as well be microwaved because it tastes like bland substitute "food." However I suspect there may be more to this post than some generic TIL, and there are advertising dollars involved to counter AB's perceived quality.
Most residents live in the valley surrounded by the Coastal and Cascade mountains, so we get maybe 1-2" every couple of years. In 30 years, I can only recall getting about a foot of snow once, and that was in the early 90's.
Well of course it doesn't matter until you've closed the circuit. Having a 5kV battery and a 0 ohm coil wouldn't matter either, until the button was pressed.
No Paradiso?
Relevant username?
I'm planning on having Thanksgiving dinner at a Ramada Inn and don't expect to have any problems drinking alcohol either.
It was created by the guy who created My Name is Earl. It really is a great show!
Or he/she needs to refill the gas tank.
How about the sugar-free gummy bears? You know, for those who like to get drunk *and* cleanse their colon at the same time.
The Model S was released in 2012, and Tesla has been around since 2003, so they're not quite as new as you make them sound.
What's significant about the last two years? The Model S was released in 2012.
I understand your sentiment, *but* it was *his* company on the line in the early days. He had every right to put the company and his mission before everything else. It would be incredibly naive to focus on employee happiness when you're a startup, breaking into a well established market, and all the cards are stacked against you.
So you're claiming no car has ever experienced a broken ball joint and because one Tesla experienced it they're all dangerous?
&gt;Imagine what Henry Ford would have said to this guy back in the day ? "I'm gonna call my friend Adolf and have his boys mess you up!" And that's how WWII started.
Now you're putting words in their mouth. They simply said it was caused by rust. They didn't blame the owner but instead suggested that unusual usage may have been a factor considering this was a single failure and the car was caked in dirt.
Yet you completely gloss over the fact that this seems to be an isolated issue with one single car. That doesn't lend credence to your theory that Tesla builds shitty, unsafe vehicles.
If I'm wrong it should be real easy to copy and paste the relevant bits showing as much.
Actual cash value is 1/100th of a cent.
Just remember this next time someone complains about "big government and their burdensome regulations stifling small business."
Can confirm, just bought two tickets for $300 (they also had tickets for $100 each) and rooms are $36 a night.
I'm a little further in Portland. Did you go through Spirit?
How do you put up with it? I tried ramen or sandwiches for a while and I honestly can't stand to eat either of those ever again. Luckily my new work has a cafeteria and I can get a full meal for $5-6
Oh my... All that money gone down the drain...
American here, no idea what you guys are talking about, but I want to get drunk with you too.
I don't think you can buy insurance on a drag car and this is specifically why.
Not necessarily true. There is another character who has a show coming out as well.
The walkers sure don't.
We have the same exact table from Ikea.
Uh, guys, I think we skipped 1000 dollars. We might need to start over so please tell everyone to delete their posts and resubmit. We'll get it right this time!
A cult would be more interesting.
Isn't that what Borders Books tried to do? It didn't work out well for them.
A guy I'm friends with on Facebook recently quit his retail management job and updated his status as "CEO of XYZ company." His "company" consists of him and another guy posting far-right partisan memes on Facebook. Even better, he got his personal account banned a few days ago for posting offensive content.
If you have the income to afford a second car payment and insurance, why haven't you paid off the first one? Don't fall into this trap or you'll end up like my parents in their 60's with no savings and a lot of debt.
&gt;it's mostly Larry David yelling at people about things he doesn't like. Its almost like he wants people to curb their enthusiasm about stuff!
That guy sounds like Peter Griffin.
True but it scales with property value. I did see a couple of $250,000+ homes pushing $10,000 per year in taxes.
Not true. Both his children returned to live in the basement after college.
It seems like they could be partially solved with software. You plug the car in when you get home for the night. The car could 'sense' when peak usage is occurring and maybe only trickle charge during that time. Once demand has dropped the car could ramp up the charge rate.
Nah, you can just wipe the Cheeto dust on your chair and it's gone forever!
Acetone will clean fresh paint right off.
How do you guys know what will be possible in BF1? It doesn't even come out for another 5 months.
I still use my 360 for media streaming, but I'd have to buy Live to play BF3 or BFBC2, which I refuse to do.
The transport chopper can dominate on this map. You can just fly around "C" and shoot enemies on the roof/upper floor of the sky scraper. The transport is also great as a mobile spawn point.
Awesome! The closest one is about 1,000 miles away in Sacramento!!
That's not true. My SO got 4 free tickets and there isn't a live nation venue within 1,000 miles of us.
Yeah it's pretty great on the dedicated servers even with randos. Most people get the point and carry a torch with them to repair the chopper.
&gt; something I know a lot about ... &gt;Malbaro Red
Huh... I thought MMS was going to be Macho Man Syndrome or Macho Man Savage (Syndrome). You learn something new everyday!
I've even used an orange successfully in urgent situations.
Without recourse may be a stretch. You can't just demolish the wrong house and say "Oops, tough luck to you, homeowner."
The stuff recommended for 2007-2011 models would apply to your 2010 as well.
I don't disagree with that. We have a huge inmate population. No need to add to it for an innocent mistake such as that.
But if you have to sell your paid-off home, you'll get money back. If you have to leave your apartment, you get nothing.
&gt;but I wouldn't want to have my SO signed for the house when she has debt in collections and is not financially responsible... That's why I'm trying to do it with just my income. We've been together for 9 years and have a daughter, but we're not actually married, so I don't think she would need to be included on the mortgage.
So all this talk about voting to leave and gaining more sovereignty and democracy is b/s? I mean of their own government can overrule their decision, how much more power do the citizens have now?
We liked America before it was cool.
What's sad/(good?) is that even if our whole state became a county in California, we still wouldn't be the most populous county in the state.
I recently grabbed my 13 year old Compaq Presario from my parents house to copy my old music downloaded from Napster and Kazaa and it still works fine. My niece was even using it for web browsing up until a couple of years ago.
Wait, are you telling me there's no secret ingredient in the secret ingredient soup?
God we need to get some competent people/funding in government IT
I didn't have any issues? I am rooted with ad-away though.
I think you replied to the wrong person, but I did find this via Google: http://lifehacker.com/5060053/set-up-universal-ad-blocking-through-your-router
It's really amazing once you go through with it. I don't get ads anywhere except YouTube videos.
You should be able to check your credit report through Credit Karma or AnnualCreditReport.com to get the contact info. If it's close to the SOL, which it should be if it was 5 years ago, you might just let that date pass and be done with it.
Yeah, I can't believe they want to ram that down our throats.
Yes we arrested the individual and caught him with 0.01g of cocaine. We believe the street value to be worth... [one *milllllion* dollars.](http://i.imgur.com/U0F0vK4.jpg)
Or you're just see the videos with something in them worth watching. Nobody is going to post a video of their uneventful drive to the grocery store.
So can standing there doing nothing while your prerecorded voice is playing through the speakers.
I'm still not convinced that VR isn't going the way of 3D TV's. If it could be marketed or produced in a way that has functional benefits and fills an actual need, I could see it catching on. At this point it just seems pretty gimmicky to me.
Those articles about Samsung removing the headphone jack on the S8 were completely unsubstantiated rumours.
When pricing new tires every shop in my area wanted extra for TPMS 'rebuild' kits. It was around $15 total on average.
The Boy Scouts will come pick it up for a small donation. http://www.statesmanjournal.com/story/life/2015/12/23/area-groups-want-take-tree-hands/77737386/
My company offers free insurance if you opt for the HDHP + HSA. I've found it pretty convenient since I'm young and don't go to the doctor often, so in my case an HSA is a no brainer.
On my '08 the lenses themselves look like they're bubbling out (like they've been melted) are you familiar with this as well?
But he was on *the other side of the room*. That should be enough distance right??
4 8 15 16 23 42 for the win!
You might sill be able to do it through TWRP if you boot into recovery before flashing the stock firmware. Be sure to save it to the external SD card and you'll be good to go.
I just paid $60 for a Raspberry Pi kit to run RetroPie. It doesn't seem that outrageous when it's a simple plug and play setup with controller.
Think of it like a Netflix UI for your pirated content. Plex is similar but with a lot less customization.
Well there goes the property values for the entire block. Who wants to live in a neighborhood where people have garbage *in cans*?
Those DUIs are no joke.
Although, the "applying Chapstick" motion could be confused for that too, it seems.
No luck backing up or restoring the stock firmware?
Plus how would it charge to 100% if the charger cuts off at 95%?
The whole number or just the last two digits?
I heard the new David coaster is kind of alright!
State level universal care won't work with state budgets. We send a much larger portion (3:1 for me, in my state) of our tax money to the federal government, so they would be better equipped to handle the cost. Also don't forget that we, and our employers, wouldn't be spending money on premiums, co-pays, or (presumably most) medical bills any longer, people won't be receiving care at the ER and skipping out on the bill, and the government would have much more leverage in price negotiations. This is how other countries afford universal healthcare for the [same total cost (or less)](http://www-tc.pbs.org/prod-media/newshour/photos/2012/10/02/US_spends_much_more_on_health_than_what_might_be_expected_1_slideshow.jpg) as we currently pay.
You need to claim a dependant to claim head of household if I'm not mistaken.
получить пособия!
I thought the front would fall off!
&gt;Pretty smart move from someone with something to hide to be honest. Perhaps in the moment, but looking at the big picture it looks incredibly shady and shows that they are definitely hiding something, which brings no benefit to them.
Tower over the lady? What is he supposed to do about the height difference? Don't forget this lady was scamming people and blew 2 million dollars that was designated for poor hospital patients. I think that deserves some answers.
https://i.redd.it/a69uu5h2269y.jpgdcbl21p Only 50 minutes to go! Edit: apparently comment linking is broken in Baconreader. OP said he'd be home in an hour 15 mins ago.
It certainly doesn't help when someone asks for $25,000 and winds up with $100k in funding. I had a co-worker who did a kickstarter for custom game die who wound up in this exact scenario. He had to quit his engineering job and said he and his wife would have to work a full year just to produce enough die to fill all the kickstarter orders.
20lbs per square foot seems way too low. A 200lb person can stand in a square foot of space
This source doesn't actually link to any studies supporting the claim that annual checkups are a waste of money. The whole op-ed was based off one doctor's opinion.
&gt;Quit acting like a victim after you called someone a naive egotist for having a different political opinion than you. Didn't you just call him naive for stating single payer healthcare would be cheaper? [P.S. Single payer is demonstrably cheaper by a large margin](http://www-tc.pbs.org/prod-media/newshour/photos/2012/10/02/US_spends_much_more_on_health_than_what_might_be_expected_1_slideshow.jpg)
What it means is that you need to pay your part to support a healthcare system that is required to treat you, regardless of your ability to pay. How does a relatively small *tax* equate to having physical violence committed against you? A little hyperbolic, no?
Less bees and less idiots sounds like a win to me!
Or they'll blame you for "hacking into their computer and changing their settings around." Doesn't look good either way.
I don't know of any personally but have you tried checking Leafly.com?
Along with electronics, our top exports are machines/pumps/engines, planes, medical equipment, and plastics.
Don't forget these were loans and were paid back.
Last time I checked the Camry was the most American car with something like 80% of parts coming from American suppliers.
That's pretty messed up. I hope you took each of their mothers out for a nice seafood dinner and never called them back!
It's a Prius!
"Checkmate, Atheists!"
Could be Canada, too.
Wally World? It's always Wally World...
Another good method (if you have a carfax) is to call where the vehicle was regularly serviced and ask if any maintenance items ate overdue. I did this and negotiated $400 down (from an already reasonable price) at a dealer.
I've seen the commercials and will be trying then this year. Do you happen to know if it's completely free, as in all the common extra forms? I've found, using other services, I have to go with the 'premium' version to include my stocks, HSA, etc even though my income is mostly W2, which is really frustrating.
They wanted to charge me around $70 last year for a W2, HSA, stock sales, and state filing. How are you getting everything for $12.
Did he ever say why? I used to work for that one blue retail behemoth and had my car broken into while parked in employee parking wayyy in the back of the lot. Store security refused to even look at the security tapes unless I gave them a specific hour span to review. After that, I parked as close to the front of the store as I could.
Paid by their HOA. Not so cool. Edit: I also enjoy that there is a website called DeckMagazine.com
I worked at Wal-Mart for several years. Only the grocery side comes in on pallets. The GM side comes in trucks stacked floor to ceiling with boxes. They have about 10 people unloading those trucks and stacking freight on pallets for other employees to stock.
Okay, would you pay $13500 for an 89 Suburban? They're worth 1/10th of that.
Pretty sure people have cars and soccer in the 3rd world.
Well it's not a Humvee. Different things different price.
But what about the RSU's?
Cold air intake, spark plug and manifold covers, *new* NGK spark plugs? This it's worth well over asking with those mods alone.
I'm pretty sure 72 month loans didn't even exist until recently. I personally would never want to finance a car for such a long period. If you can't afford the car without a 6 year loan, you probably can't afford the car.
I think there's probably a threshold where having enough people with a good enough cause is acceptable to block traffic. Blocking traffic with your 15 friends when you have a wishy-washy cause does not lend well to gaining support for your cause. I'm reminded of when I attended a Ringling Bros show in PDX last year. There were a group of PETA protestors out front yelling insults with a bullhorn at a line full of children and their parents. I can totally get behind wanting better treatment for elephants and other animals, *but* their chosen method of protest made my blood boil and I refuse to have anything to do with people like that, *even if* I support their cause.
I don't always see clouds in my SEM, *but when I do I go for karma.* ~The most sciencey man in the world
I think he means there is no such thing as a fake color.
67um HFW is huge for SEM work. I'm going to guess that's roughly 5000x magnification or less. Consider these tools can give clear images at 250,000x magnification.
Nowhere near as detailed as a SEM but you would be able to see color. Edit: below it's mentioned this is a 67um Horizontal Field Width. This [image](https://www.fei.com/uploadedimages/FEISite/Content/Image_Gallery/Images/2014_Image_Contest/IM_20140929_Antonio_87_colorizedt.jpg) shows a 42um HFW is 3000x magnification. 67um would be around 2500x magnification which I don't think it's out of the realm of possibility for an optical microscope. Again, you wouldn't get the same resolution though.
Well that's what they call it in Canada at least.
I think it's a bit more nuanced. You can't watch/discuss the NFL *without* talking about professional players because the NFL is comprised entirely of professional players. With video games 99.999% of players are casuals playing for fun. OP is looking for a casual discussion while (he claims) everyone else is discussing eSports. It would be like finding a sub dedicated to amateur football but everyone wants to talk about how Tom Brady performed last night.
Or a certain Russian leader. I have a feeling we'll soon be seeing photos of a shirtless Trump with chiseled abs riding a horse on the beach, and hearing stories about how he successfully fought a grizzly bear with his bare hands. Like they do in another part of the world.
The one in the cab and the one on the back have the same tag number. ... ?
Same here but with the Camry.
A dry-erase marker and water is all you need. Non porous surfaces work best.
Yes, exactly. The spinning action comes from blowing on the free floating stick figure.
What the... I can't even train my cats to stay off the counter.
Mention something about surface tension and boom you have your science lesson.
I haven't checked recently, but I did previously purchase a 1g cartridge at Cherry City on 25th &amp; Mission
&gt;The meat is wireless but bigger than ever, thinner and weighs less than ever. ^*product ^contains ^no ^meat
Reddit is the worst for hypochondriacs...
Thank god. I'm tired of my taxes going towards things I might personally benefit from.
Well to be fair CarFax didn't say the car was worth scrap. It was the dealer. They just list service records, accidents, and previous owners. Nothing bullshit about that.
Or at least expensive items. If I get ripped off for $10, that sucks but it's much easier to wash my hands of it than losing $1,000.
Wouldn't an electrical fire be your fault for having electricity in the house?
I'm pretty sure, by law, doors have to remain unlocked during business hours. It's usually printed right on the door.
Can you expand on this? I'm confused by what you mean.
Agreed. I think it was hyperbole. He wouldn't have been able to fit a new frame bracket it the frame was really bent.
Paying it off when the statement arrives* Paying things off immediately won't earn earn points (at least with my cards) because it won't show up as a credit purchase.
I pay mine when the statement arrives also. I was referring to paying off a purchase the same day or anytime before the statement arrives.
If they can't make payroll, I wouldn't expect to collect much from a lawsuit.
From what I've seen driving by the numerous mills around here, I think it would be a huge hassle to add "bookends" to these stacks since they move the piles around so much, get different types of wood, have a varying volume of logs, etc. Also they use different machines to stack (cranes) and move (big tractors with crab pinchers on the front) so both have to be capable of removing logs from the stack.
I found him creepy when he was causing an unpleasant feeling of fear or unease.
Guarantee you that this app was created by Pearson and is full of bugs to the point that it barely functions. It probably cost millions of dollars as well. You must have missed the part where he explained that there isn't anybody to show teachers how to use the software, so you can't blame teachers for not knowing how to use something that was just created.
&gt;Parents, or customers, will avoid an unaccredited school. I'm pretty cynical, so I envision this going down a similar path as our healthcare industry. Those who can afford it will get it and those who can't will get a substandard product. Hell, people were still paying for ITT Tech even as it was being reported that they were ripping people off and handing out worthless degrees. I don't want to see an unregulated for-profit education system.
I see what you're getting at, but I disagree with your reasoning. The same argument could be made against high schools. "All these kids with high school diplomas devalues the high school diploma and now everyone requires one for work." Having a well educated population is a big advantage in a global economy. I'd argue that it would give us a more stable country and better quality of life as well. You're focused on the physical degree and singular job requirements while ignoring the skills and education people acquired to get those degrees. I would fully support an increased amount of trade schools as these allow people to start their own business and can't be automated for the foreseeable future, but I don't think we need less colleges as a result.
Didn't it use to be free? As in buy the box and that's it. What could they possibly be charging monthly for?
It does use your bandwidth. You're sharing the "tap" with everyone else who wants a drink. You may be thinking of data in which case you are correct that it doesn't go toward your data cap. Edit: [according to Comcast, he's right and I'm wrong](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2014/06/comcast-raises-your-electric-bill-by-turning-router-into-a-public-hotspot/). Though, I'm still skeptical of their claim without any independent testing.
Yep. It definitely wasn't top quality, but it's not bad stuff.
We're talking about Comcast adding public hotspots onto the the combo modem/router that they lease to customers. What are you talking about?
So I've tried star wiping three times and still see dithering on the toilet paper. Should I keep going or try something else?
AKA his 13 year old nephew who is "good with computers."
Did that person just read the reddit post about movie remakes a few days ago and copy it to IMDB? Most of those have zero information.
Isn't that middle number bodily injury limits? Medical bills can easily outpace the cost of replacing a car. Just a single overnight stay at the hospital can break 5 figures, which is close to what I paid for my Camry.
&gt;But if someone is getting paid to do it you should be able to have a certain confidence in their abilities - hence the educations, training, certifications, etc. We do have this, it's required to obtain a driver's license. How does carrying a passenger for Uber change the dynamics of driving beyond what everyone else on the road sees? I don't see why special training is needed. Also, regarding your argument that Uber drivers could be driving under the influence, what guarantees are there that taxi drivers aren't doing the same thing? This is a really strange argument.
How do you lift at the pinch weld using the flat surface of a car-lift or floor jack?
check out /r/cospenis It's exactly what you're looking for.
Battlefield's season pass includes all DLC for at least the last three releases. Not to mention the Destiny DLC was pretty anemic adding only a couple of new missions each.
Is your name Randy or Dave though?
Is your home town my home town? What are the odds?
Who wants to sign up to be a zombie when you know you're going to get pelted all day and you can't shoot back?
As awesome as that sounds, I just can't see it taking off. It reminds me of internet cafes for people who didn't have computers/internet or phone booths for people without phones. It could work short term, but I doubt it would be sustainable IMHO.
It will literally destroy the planet. He's doing it to protect humanity.
Not necessarily. Oil changes include changing the filter too. While the oil may still be good, a low quality filter isn't going to hold up well for 10k miles. I would personally follow the manufacturer recommendations. They require synthetic in these cars, so they would know how long synthetic oil should last in these particular engines. &gt;What are the oil change intervals using synthetic oil? * Only Toyota vehicles in which 0w-20 synthetic oil is required (except 3UR-FBE Engines*) have been approved for extended oil change intervals of 10,000-miles/12-months. (However, you should continue to check the oil level regularly and top off if needed. That will help your engine get the full benefit of synthetic oil.) * Vehicles in which 0w-20 is an option to 5w-20 mineral oil, (or 5w-30), will continue to require 5,000-mile/6-month oil change intervals, even if 0w-20 oil is used. * In the case of vehicles with 10,000 mile oil change intervals, the 5,000 mile service interval has not been eliminated. The traditional 5,000 mile maintenance procedures (such as tire rotation) will continue to be required, and the fluid levels (such as brake fluid) will need to be checked and adjusted at this time. * If the vehicle operation meets the standard criteria for "Special Operating Conditions" such as: driving off-road, on dirt roads, towing a trailer, making repeated short trips under 32˚ F, or extensive idling; the engine oil must be replaced at 5,000 mile intervals, regardless of what type of oil is used. https://www.toyota.com/owners/faqs?garagePrefVehicle=0&amp;garageModelName=Camry%20HV&amp;garageYearValue=2016&amp;addToVehicleList=false&amp;remRecentVehicle=false
I didn't even realize they were still in use. I think the last time I saw someone wearing headgear was elementary school in the very early 90's.
I think it looks like a hit piece on the surface, but the bulk of the article is actually made up of quotes praising Cruise for doing his own stunts, pointing out the difficulty of said stunts, and describing his commitment to performing these stunts, with only a couple of lines stating that "this is getting old." It's a way to market to people who wouldn't be receptive to traditional advertising. "OMG I think Tom Cruise is a weirdo. I'm going to share this hit piece with all my friends! Maybe we can go see his new movie to make fun of it!" Even if people don't go see his movie, reading and sharing articles like this keeps him relevant and in the lime light. Like they say, there's no such thing as bad publicity.
That's the reason we have the abomination known as "diet caffeine-free Pepsi."
I'm 6'3" like the other guy though.
We have rumble strips on the highways where I live. How could the dealer even think that was a valid excuse? "Sorry, we're voiding your warranty for driving on the freeway."
It looks like the actual quoted text from the warranty states that they will not replace anything that was damaged *during* a competitive event. It sounds to me like you could still track the car, but can't ask for warranty work for damage caused on the track.
After googling, I realize I've made a mistake. Apparently track rumble strips are the white/red strips at the edge of the track, for anyone who made the same assumption.
Not only does it not fit, but there was never a hole cut out in the piece below it. It keeps getting worse the more I look at it.
Is that the one where you have to do three separate challenges to prove yourself?
You're doing the lords work, son!
Every time these threads pop up people always "cringe" over cargo shorts. Like WTF is wrong with them? I went shopping last weekend and *every* store had cargo shorts for sale.
Well that text was in the title of the post already, so it may not be necessary to reiterate it.
The comment is deleted now, but I'm assuming he said "bacon and eggs?" It was from a Dane Cooke stand-up.
Yeah since 2 years ago
It's *literally* the second sentence of the abstract, buddy.
If the study shows that crime increases after a dispensary closes, even if it's simply due to having an empty storefront, how does that not show that dispensaries aren't responsible for increasing crime? If they *are* responsible for increasing crime, one would expect the crime rate in the area to go down after closure, right? Perhaps my original post is poorly worded because I'm honestly a bit confused by the responses.
https://youtu.be/zo-YVqV0v4Q
Or an old VW engine.
My co-worker has an RS6 with a V10. What's the issue here?
I never noticed but 2nd down 2nd from the left looks like Borg Picard.
Didn't they change that on the newest update?
This video makes you guys look like douchebags. Using the "N" word and then talking shit about his mom, unprovoked, is *exactly* something that kids do. Then to top it all off, you post the video thinking *he* looks like the asshole...
Figure out points where vehicles are almost guaranteed to go. Around open-area flags, exit roads from bases, vehicle spawn locations around flags, bridges, etc. In addition to that be aggressive with them. If you hear a tank nearby run to it and try to pop some on the ground next to the tracks. Also, don't put them down in obvious patterns like a straight line. It will be obvious to enemies, so put them in irregular patterns or the edge of craters. It does take time, but I found it far from infuriating.
My co-worker. He started with one supplement and then, before you knew it, he's buying multiple supplements, multiple t-shirts, and the AR lower receiver.
Relevant flair?
I am very very sneaky, sir.
Someone born in 2002 will start driving this year. And they weren't alive to see 9/11 happen.
X, Y, or Z?
Fair point, but what do you think makes it a scam as opposed to a simple low effort film? In my opinion a "scam" is something more malicious than making a crappy movie. If that's the case then 90% of the projects coming out of Hollywood are scams.
Are they Prime eligible?
As always, /r/ATBGE material.
&gt; I mean, he could be a tattoo ~~artist~~ canvas. FTFY
Can confirm this has happened to me. I was pulled over and the cop claimed that I was "paced" by an unmarked police car doing 5mph over the speed limit. Of course it was all bullshit but that is another story. Suffice it to say, it held up in court as an officer's word is gospel.
No no mix the sriracha *with* the ketchup. Then you have spicy sriracha ketchup
You're dillusional, man.
Dude got ripped at Planet Fitness.
Or for off-roading.
We don't have combined map rotations or the ability to play the DLC without a premium friend, so I would have to disagree with you here.
you're allowed to take your phone to a different carrier in the U.S., provided it's CDMA or GSM compatible with both carriers.
I think it's more to do with snipers sitting 300 meters from the nearest objective, doing little more than annoying infantry like gnats. If you're 2:1 with 1000 points at the end of a 30 minute match, you're doing something wrong. Although, I've seen this happening since BF:BC2, so I don't expect it to change much.
Even then that's a stretch. I can think of a few examples where this has occurred and the perpetrator is still convicted of the crime. A few of them were FBI stings where the UC kept pushing and pushing people to commit acts of terrorism. The other was the autistic high school kid who was busted by a UC, who pretended to be a student, and kept asking the kid to find weed to sell to ~~her~~ him. Edit: Great long form article on the high school kid: http://www.rollingstone.com/culture/news/the-entrapment-of-jesse-snodgrass-20140226
Be sure to check out the Rogue Brewery, Mo's, Ripley's Believe it or Not, the Wax Works Museum, and the Newport Aquarium. They're all within 5 minutes of each other too!
I live smack dab in the middle of the totality in Oregon. I haven't heard anything about these parties? Where?
&gt;You can do the self repair with it. By this, do you mean repair from the driver's seat on vehicles that otherwise wouldn't allow it?
Find good hiding spots at near the flag and capture from those.
A medic in this example and the 10/30 numbers were made up as well (usually I'm hovering around 1:1), but I don't hesitate to switch to assault or support if the need arises. How can I not be contributing much at all if I'm coming in first place? I agree the scout class has its uses and benefits, but I take exception with your derogatory comments toward people who are running all over the place getting shit done. If you can do that as a scout then more power to you.
This is what I was going to suggest as well. Regarding the purging of squad members, how do you kick them out?
It does not have a spring in it. Any advice short of buying a new mod (I *reeeally* like this tank)?
The iSub V was okay, but the STM gives a lot more flavor and the coils last at least twice as long. The only downside is that I can't use temperature control with the standard Tobeco kanthal coils, but I've read other manufacturers make the same coils. I probably could find a variant that works with TC (Stainless steel, nickel, or titanium), but it works just fine in wattage mode. I would totally recommend this setup even with my above issues. I think it could be solved by placing an o-ring around the 510 threads to act as a washer so it can't screw so far down into the mod.
You're telling me you don't otherwise keep yourself informed on the comings and goings of a small Wyoming high school? Wake up sheeple!
The only problem with this scenario is that there are few mods with USB charging and besides that who wants to charge their mod with a 500mA supply? It takes forever. It used to take me hours to charge my eGo 400mAh battery from a computer USB port.
Dear god that first car is fucking disgusting, and this is coming from someone who smokes too.
I really enjoy the show, but the extensive character development has slowed the plot to a snails pace. I keep tuning in every week, but IMO very little has happened in seasons 2 and 3. Two of my co-workers watch it and we rarely have any "OMG did you see what happened this week?" moments. In comparison, we're already 3/5 through Breaking Bad's run and it feels like the story is barely getting started. I think AMC is trying to milk the show like The Walking Dead. Perhaps binge watching Netflix and HBO has ruined me.
My thoughts exactly. I should stop scrolling down this post before I find any more shows I need to rewatch.
A 15 year old sleeping in a tent is called "camping" where I'm from. What a shitty argument. I can't wait to see how this "Woodstock" thing turns out.
Yes. If I recall correctly, they allow the turbo to cool down so that they don't boil off the oil inside them, since it would stop circulating once the motor is shut off.
Fun fact: You can actually steer a Geo Metro by sticking your arm out the window above ~45mph!
If it's only a single pop and not a "click-click-click-click" when turning, I would say ball-joint. You can check them by jacking that wheel off the ground and push/pull the top and bottom of the tire to check for play.
Funny, I like to play "Convoy" by C. W. McCall on repeat. We should trade playlists sometime!
Don't forget to get out when the market dips. You don't want to risk losing your money!
I sense a warm front coming in.
Nick Cage, John Malcovich, Dave Chapelle, John Cusak, Danny Trejo, Steve Buschemi. That movie could do no wrong.
Kiss from a Rose?
Buy it from where? Googling Williams tools gives me a bunch of links to Snap-On's website. Edit: Not sure if reputable, but I found this site and the prices are great! https://protoolwarehouse.com/
Is one of your squad members a spooky ghost?
What about an HDMI switch from all your devices to soundbar then one HDMI from soundbar to TV?
How would you even fit a syringe into a credit card sized container? They might as well have warned about finding unregistered firearms inside too.
It's a real possibility with *anything* you plug in, who why only focus on e-cigs?
Try to reword it like "I don't want to cancel but it's just too expensive."
Some locations are actually doing extra services like brakes now. The shop I used to work at has a lift and everything installed on one of the bays now.
On the other hand, I love when I go to a store and don't get hassled by 20 employees before I get to the department I'm heading to. I won't even shop at stores like Video Only because the one time I did, I was like chum in a pool full of sharks.
&gt; Vancouver ... Ahh Portland. Yeah, traffic is always terrible! &gt; ... 20 year old international student in a Lamborghini Oh, it must be Canada.
Bingo. Last time I checked, water was cheaper than soda (unless you live in Flint).
"How dare you play a competitive game effectively, in a way that makes it hard to beat you!" ~ that guy
I'm wondering if grenades can only deal a fixed, maximum amount of damage. For instance, say they can deal up to 300 damage points, enough to kill three full-health soldiers. But say you throw it into a group of six soldiers. Perhaps it splits the damage amongst the six enemies leaving them with 50 health points each (or scales based on proximity)? Personal observation tells me it definitely seems like grenade kills don't scale with the size of the group around it when it explodes. A group of two usually gives two kills, while a group of four or five might net you three kills, but never four or five kills. My above theory is just based on deduction, so I could be speaking out of my ass here.
Imposter! Everyone knows that there is only one burger place in CA and that's In-N-Out.
I know, right? I even bought some new avatars so I could show them off with highlights.
I disagree. You can definitely hear enemy horses coming from quite a distance. Are you using a headset?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:2000s_3D_films
You simply open the account with Ally and they'll ask for your current banking info (account and routing number) to initiate a transfer. After that you can log in to the website and do more transfers whenever you'd like.
