Can this become a teen comedy? The kid is a loser/terrible football player and gets magical Gronk powers from the cleats. The kid destroy people on the football field, and becomes a lady's man/party animal. Right before he is going to play in the State championship game, he forgets his cleats on the bus. The kid is nervous that he won't help his team without his magical powers. Gronk comes to the State championship as a "Celebrity ref". Our kid blurts out to Gronk that he lost the magical cleats. Gronk tells him that the cleats were normal cleats, and the magic was inside of him. He just had to believe in himself. Our youngster grabs 8 catches for 127 yards and 2 TDs. The 2nd TD comes with no time left on the clock as part of game winning drive. Either that, or due to a technicality Gronk is allowed to suit up for the high school because he is "considered a student" due to the cleat donation. Gronk has 14 grabs for 435 yards and 5 TDs. The credits involve Gronk doing an actual keg stand that lasts for 4 minutes and 40 seconds on top of the team's bus as it drives away. Gronk does all of his own stunts, so he will be chugging actual beer throughout.
I spend 99.99457% of my year not in the ocean
That's the kind of hit where you forget where you are and what you are doing for a couple of minutes.
Wilfork used to be in the running http://www.bigy.com/OurStores/FoodService/InVinceIble/assets/VinceWsandwich.jpg
I saw a Maryland local access sketch comedy show (may have been University of Maryland) called "The Big Show" over a decade ago. Does it exist anywhere on the internet?
There is just exposed penis everywhere in CA. They just don't show it in the travel commercials with the celebrities.
Sometimes the smaller packages are cheaper when on sale. Frank's Red hot sauce was cheaper per ounce when buying two smaller bottles (same amount) as one big bottle. Check the unit price and make sure you are comparing apples to apples. $/oz, $/lb, $/100ct etc.
Yeah, $20 for TNT, TBS, ESPN, ESPN2, AMC, Food Network, HGTV etc
I love Brady and want to see him keep up the success on the field. I would like to see him retire before he has a final season like Favre's final year.
When we went for our mortgage, not doing anything major to our credit was recommended. Definitely best to avoid increasing the credit card to avoid headaches.
Manager: "What the hell John?!? You just shattered Gordon's face!!!" John: "ROADHOUSE!!!!!!!" Manager: "Haha, you're right. Old Gordo had it coming. Nice work!"
"Thank you, come again!"
Didn't he hurt his shoulder on that play? I think we had a decent lead at that point. I remember yelling "Dammit Brandon!!!!" in my living room.
Home brewing beer. I have read things online, but need some basic beginners guides/instructional videos.
Can't find them in MA either
That pop at the end
Credit cards also have reward programs. My credit card has a cash back rewards program that has helped provide some additional spending cash for my every day purchases, and larger purchases.
Everyone knows someone like that. They aren't allowed at parties.
And Maggie makes three is one of my top 5 favorite episodes, sad to see it didn't make the list.
That one needs to followed with an evil, creepy chuckle
Thought there was going to be a closed window on a penis
That pimp walk after you go out of the pool must have been amazing
Homer: Well crying isn't going to help. Now, you can sit there feeling sorry for yourself or you can eat can after can of dog food until your tears smell enough like dog food until your dog comes back, or you can go out there and find your dog. Bart: You're right. [Gets up and leaves] Homer: Rats. I almost had him eating dog food.
Those eyes! The ojos!
I don't fit into my jeans from high school anymore.
Went from listening to rock/metal to everything, but really enjoying jazz and retro new wave.
Richard Naranjo
There is definitely some help that could be had from /r/relationships that might be needed to help with your wife and her spending habits/communication within the relationship. I know you state that your wife has income but not to count on it. She created this debt, and should take some responsibility for it. Does she work full time? Could she find full time work? This really could make a big difference in becoming debt free from a debt she created. As far as expenses go, the only thing that jumps out at me is the $100/month for lawn care. I see you have an HOA, is the lawn care required? After working in a building all day with fluorescent lights and a computer screen, I find great pleasure in weeding, mowing my lawn, and spending time outside.
"Hammer" blows sounds like a WWE finishing move.
Depending on where you live, there are some fun destinations to drive to. During our honeymoon we went off season (Late September) to a nice little beach town. During the day was high 60's so we walked the beach, sat outside, had drinks, window shopped, did a museum, and had some really nice meals. During the night, we even relaxed with a bottle of wine together and some time a fire. There is also sex.
&gt; It was my understanding that gay weddings were catered with pizza. I am a married straight male, and wish this was the case at my wedding.
Never gets old. Its like a nu thang every time.
Cheese is our new currency
Northern Over-exposure!
Poker cam!
Fuck that dirty sack of shit
Patriots just giving up?
What is the other way we can get home field advantage if the Pats don't win? I think we can pull it out.
3rd and 15 was a time to screen instead of that White handoff.
That kneel hurts to see
We stop them, but their offense is moving better than ours
He is not a Patriot
Anyone who says Pansy Brady can eat a bag of dicks
Great play by Brady
This line can't protect anything
That run hurt
These refs are so fucking dumb. Hoculi is a fucking idiot
I feel like we wanted to see if the run game with some fresh RBs could win it for us. It unfortunately couldn't.
He knows how to beat the Patriots. We should hire him and just say "Shhh baby"
Put it in the freezer and feel better
You never go full Delhomme
OSHA, who needs it
That is definitely a really nice gesture by this individual. That being said, tennis balls are not the best for a dog's teeth. [Here is a post about it](http://blog.petmeds.com/1800petmeds/tennis-balls-and-your-dogs-teeth/). There are some other dog-specific balls that are better for teeth. I definitely don't want to come across as a negative post. I was surprised as we used to give our old dog tennis balls in the past. For our current dog, we use "Chuckit!" brand balls.
Firefighter. Thinking that you mostly visit schools and save cats from trees instead of how dangerous fire rescue really is.
The smell probably helped too.
Run D is playing tough
Nice spark from Amendola
Let's hope this is ruled backwards
Ghost :(
Let's go D!
My HD antenna is looking good
Wow we are giving up big plays
Run game is not doing much
Brady making some bad decisions today
Very weak offensive series
Logan Ryan!!!!
Helmet hits all day
Not yet. Quick 3 and out or an INT
Let's get a stop here
We need an extra lineman to block for Brady on this
We're on to the 2 pt conversion
Except when Josh Gordon burned him on that slant for 70 yards.
@Caesar: Et tu brute!
I was going to say this highlight makes me sad. Opening weekend is one of the best times of year in sports (next to March Madness). I was on vacation during this game. Awesome to watch this game and then sleep in on Friday.
Gigli (2003)
Snow does a get job of reflecting UV rays. Hiked a similar snow field and ended up with a sunburn under my nose. The one place I didn't add sunscreen. Just hit me when I saw the snow and exposed skin. Very cool and historical pic.
Thanks man
Ice cream meltdown? I need to see this.
No panic room. Just have a panic bunker.
/u/DaveDavidsen encountered a wild butthole A wild butthole appeared!
Let's go D!!!!
FG these Phins
Floyd says goodnight
Mac, that you in the photo?
Let's go!
Sounds like a "friend" you don't need anymore
Nice job man! What is one of your favorite healthy meals and healthy snacks?
You guys need to create a third Parent Trap
If you think that will last long, you are going to have a bad time
Uncontrollable AI in movies/stories from the 50s to the 80s is becoming more real every day
Probably because he misses his glasses
Awesome job! People focusing on their goals inspires me.
I prefer watching on Netflix for now since the DVDs PQ is a little weak. Great deal on an incredible series though.
That won't be his last
Favorite city in the world
That shirt is pretty awesome. Where could I go about getting one?
Have always wanted to but have never seen Steel Trap (2007).
Number of beers consumed
I don't think you could pay enough me to eat one of those sandwiches.
It's like when you do that 1 in a million thing and nobody was around to see it. Only this time there is a CCTV to capture your glory.
Night of the Living Dead (1990) is on of my personal favorites. It's similar to 1968 but has some differences and nods to fans of the original. The Thing (1982) obviously should be on the list as well as the remake from The thing from another world (1951) remake.
"Do you really want Trump for a 2nd term?"
Antibiotic development and proper utilization needs constant improvement.
/r/blackplague
Dibs on the movie rights
Big stop!
Nice tackle!
Lewis!!!!!
Need to crush Brock now. Stop this drive
So many hipsters in this Taco Bell commercial
Nice stop!!!!
Let's go Brady
Fuck
Nice! Let's go D!
Gotta crush Miller every chance you get. Wear him down
Shit, Sheard be ok
O needs to make up for that error
This team is hot garbage right now
Hope this team wakes the fuck up
Well it's 14-13 and we are playing like hot garbage. We should be worried about this game.
Let's go D!
Nice JE11
Let's go!!!!
These shoves are not Patriot football
Protect Brady!!!! Fuck guys
JE11!!!!
Is Blount still sick? Lewis is not the ground game we need.
We love you Timnog
Long drive to TD would be a good opening to the half.
Blount has to still be sick
Keep hitting Osweiler
We need this big stop
Nice hit on Osweiler
Let's go offense!
Need to protect Brady
JE11!!!!
BALL DON'T LIE!!!!
This Nationwide song is sick
O, I want a TD. Let's go!!!!!
Clowney going dirty
Fuck Clowney
Can we protect Brady?
Show that JE11 hold
Surprised that Texans don't get any penalties on them. Bull shit
It won't be
Refs are so dumb
Hogan stay healthy
Pats can't get the O going. Fuck
Osweiler has training wheels on this game with our play
March down and score O!!!
More sloppy O play
D needs to make a play. They need to score since our O can't.
Tough to get that one. Really behind Edelman
Alright, kick off do your job.
After kick off, D needs to do their job.
Good job kickoff team. D needs to play huge.
Nice D! Big 3rd down coming. Finish this set of downs.
Nice Edelman!!!!
These end arounds are crazy
GOAT block!!!
Keep the clock moving and the chains
Fuck Bennett down
Yeah that looked like an ACL. Fingers crossed.
Big hold
Good to see Blount with the run. Dude needs some rest.
u/timnog is legend
Dion Lewis post game interview was awesome. Class act.
Harmon's final form
I think that's what Wilfork was telling him at the end of the game
Seriously what?
He terrifies that woman when he is staring at that mediocre steak sub
Yeah, I have reminded several people about the Ravens game where we came back from 14 down twice. That type of fan is insufferable. "Game over" with 12+ minutes in the 3rd quarter happens way too much. We were down 10 in the Super bowl when we beat the Seahawks, and that was coming out (after the freaking Ravens game earlier in that season!). These are probably the same fans who talk about the Super bowl before we even played the Texans.
I don't think I would want to there due to the anti-Patriot comments. Especially when other teams are cheering against the Patriots and Tom Brady because it's the Patriots and Tom Brady. If someone makes a stupid/mean-spirited comment regardless of their fandom (Pats fan or otherwise) then let the downvotes hit them.
That goal line stand at the end of the half was extremely impressive.
Haha, now I want to see this. Calling on the power of the almighty u/timnog
Hogan just had his eyes looking away. "Don't make eye contact, don't make eye contact"
That was a perfect throw by Brock
The look on Whitten's face sucked to see. One of the greatest TEs. Dude never stops contributing.
Kelce is that good
Alex Smith did everything right on that play
That was a heavy blown to the head.
Cole "Wes Welker" Beasley. Dude takes a ferocious hit and just pops up for the next play.
That's a gutsy, hard QB run.
I love Jason Witten
Stunt person jumping through windows
We need follow up
The iconic Mile high salute
Wow, and get this from back in the day according to Wikipedia: "In 1996, Davis signed a lucrative new five-year contract with the Broncos that was worth $6.8 million"
I remember that dirty play. "Integrity of the game".
Oh honey...
The chair is going just that hard
Wanna get away?
This guy stocks!
Let's destroy this team boys!!! Keep it up
Nice job Rowe! Now watch the fake.
Let's TD this
Nice job D
O needs to get it going
Shazier is nasty
Great protection! Great catch Hogan!
Cheers!
Let's stop them D!
Getting a little chippy out there.
Damn Flowers
Need a Big Ben sack! Strip sack!
Woof D. Williams is crushing our run D
Does CHIPs need to be made?
Ugggghhh on that miss
Hogan!!!!
They are going to run it again
Lucky on that one
What are people saying?
Pitt is what we need to worry about
We need to worry about Pitt
Even more commercials
Great stand D!
Get charged!!!!!
Time for the O to put some points up
Gaga looking good
This Steeler RB group has the pause and run
Let's TD this
No evidence to suggest it was fumbled
Yes!!!!
That was a great reception. He was led a bit and ran out of real estate. He is working on it.
Let's go Special teams!
Let's go D!!!!
Damb
Good run D there+
Big Ben complaining about good D
Going after the trickiest game of all....man!!!! Hunted.
Need to convert this
There we go!
Blount kept in check
Need to TD this
Keep it up Pats. Can't sleep on these Steelers
That was a good Bud light commercial
I want a TD!
We are still playing Pitt
They are moving the ball quickly here. D tighten up
Hold this Pitt O
There we go!
Stay tough D!
Steelers are flying in for late hits now
Who said this?
Fuck yes!!!!!
Marty B is hungry
Protect Brady
That Brady chant causes goosebumps
What a hit by McCourty!
Are people talking shit about this D?
FIRST DOWN!!!!!
Boston super bowl babies
Foam swords to the crotch
Love this fucking team
Here's to Hogan and Edelman. Love it.
He is still a douche
Hats off to this team
HOW DOES IT FEEL TO TASTE THE SWEET NECTAR OF VICTORY!!!!!
We love Bruschi instead of Roger. Every fucking time
Kraft with the sly comments
I like this type of party.
My wife is pregnant for the first time.
We are having a puppy monkey baby
He's reacting to that bulging vein in his arm
Whatever it takes to make those adjustments for next week
He also makes me poop at the same time every day
Why do we want to keep going backwards in this country?
/r/unexpected
I originally read that as "Turnt up"
Meow!
Get in the mind of a Greg Jennings
As Tyrod Taylor gets more experience, I think he could be an excellent QB in the league
Let's be better than that
The head bob is the best part of this
Dentists love her
New friend for life
Most of those shirts are more awesome than the race shirts I have received
But how many minutes of minor league baseball does LeBron have under his belt?
Just an experienced puppy
Colon cancer. Epidemiology, risk factors, diagnosis, staging and treatment.
Is anyone planning to watch the Super bowl via Roku this year? I am interested in doing it since I have cut the chord. My HD antenna doesn't pick up Fox. Looking to see what my options are.
Do you think the stream will have the national commercials?
Is anyone going to be streaming the game via a Roku? I've cut the chord and don't have cable TV. My HD antenna doesn't get the game on my main TV.
I think the big thing is the superbowl commercials will not be the national ones with the Fox Sports Go ap
My city has a lot of hills. It sucks since my HD Antenna picks it up on the 2nd floor in our bedroom. For the regular season/playoffs, CBS comes in on both my TVs.
Because you needed to find someone who could split in 3 as well so your shadow selfs had someone as well.
We shouldn't Google ourselves in someone else's office
Pretty fitting accolade for James with triple doubles. Magic redefined what we think a PG can look like and do. Same with James in the forward slot.
But after an emotional game, you get asked a question that shows that the reporter knows absolutely nothing and shouldn't be asking questions.
We break up and this is how you treat my Ace of Base albums?
Snoopy deserves a rifle too
"In the name of the moon...I won't allow you to tap out!"
What happened after that night?
ITT: A lot of examples of physical and mental abuse. I'm so sorry that anyone had to deal with that kind of disgusting human behavior.
Are those purple sweatpants with built in suspenders?
/r/OldSchoolFearForYourSkin
Agree on that but when he came in it crowded the dance floor. She ended up clipping him at bit while she was dancing and shimmied away in style. It looked like she had a few more moves to bust.
So much broken ankles and fire
"You're not moving at all"
I would be ok to be love tapped with that hand
I bet the bottle caps aren't even washed out
These refs can't catch an over the back and going out on the same player? SMH
You could just do that occasionally without the argument
Oh no
I want to see all of this footage
This sounds like a Seinfeld interaction. George: "Jerry, you don't just daydream about spending the rest of your life with someone you just meet?" Jerry: "No, I don't. This is about the girl that ordered the last poppy seed bagel at the diner. This is about the poppy seed bagel girl". &lt;Kramer slides in&gt; Kramer: "What are we talking about?" George: "About daydreaming a full life with a total stranger that you just come across." Kramer: "That poppy seed bagel did a real number on you buddy"
Snow days, and enjoying without any concerns because the rest of your peers are doing the same.
Tuck your unplanned boner in the waist of your pants
Archer
Keep slightly concerned, deep in thought look on your face as well.
This is the type of thing you see before you stop breathing...forever.
Mentos being a mental stimulant
The NY Jets will be calling soon
His mom bought the bigger suit, because he would "grow into to".
No days of!!!!!
Chooo chooo mother fuckers
Where's my Konami codes at?
Nobody pays me in twerks
The real question here is what is your current stance on disco?
Need another "Won SB" in there.
Kill it! KIILLLLLL ITTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Every little bit helps. What you are bringing up is relevant. The management response is backwards thinking.
That feeling when you are waiting for the schools to scroll through and everyone is cancelled but you only get a 2 hour delay.
&gt; He tripped and fell on his face part way to the door, and then slowly dragged himself out the rest of the way. I am picturing a long Family Guy joke
What is the aftermath like for this?
Secret Grandma desires?
That pup is super cute
That should stand
Michael Thomas is just that good
That was about as good a two minute drill as you could ask for
Saints have a hell of run game now
Funchess has emerged as the guy
Agent Scully still looks good
What did grandma say from the request?
Much more depressing than creepy
He walked away in slow motion as the Keurig machine blew up
Who did the Jaguars piss off to play in London all the time?
What he just chose to treat everyone equal and kill them all?
"Dinosaurs believe in you!"
LET'S GO!!!!!
Let's stay positive in the thread today. No jumping to negativity.
Tracy Wolfson has to talk about manufactured drama. Wish she didn't have to get dragged into the lame ESPN drama
That's a solid brewery
We love Logan Ryan but hope he blows coverage all night long
Big 3rd and 6. Let's go guys!
Inside the 10
Good bot
Agreed
Harrison blew that up. Nice
This QB narrative by CBS is annoying
I want to dive into a pillowscape
3rd and 8 is no bueno
Delanie Walker is that good
Need an answer for Mariota
I want to keep this drive going. Let's fucking answer now. Show the Titans that we won't back down from a TD.
Agreed. Hey Romo, you shit the bed in the playoffs.
Lil Dirty
That butt was down
Now let's go Ghost
Here with this group is good
We need to TD this
Love Cooks
No definitive evidence
Romo is being a massive douche tonight
Woof
Huge
Need to chug the clock down and get a TD
Need a TD here
The NFL has such inconsistency with this
I would hit that Mead
Special teams needs to step up now
Need a 3 and out now D
Need a big sack here
Damn
This booth is terrible
Romo clearly is biased with this game. Tough to listen to this. Wish we could get Zo
It's not a gimme. Any team would want Ghost
Hoping Pats can roll in the second half.
That's a hold
Gotta contain this tough team
Decker is a great WR
Need a big stop
Nice stop!!!!
What a punt. Jeez
How much did Lou Bega get paid for that commercial?
That blitz was so fast
Hoping we get a first down on this
Hope Waddle is ok
Going a brown ale right now
Safety this! No stupid penalties
No safety but I like it
Love Develin and Bolden
The best pro bowl is in Tecmo Superbowl
Damn Otter Creek makes solid beers
I want pizza
Dola 6 3rd down conversions
Brady has them rush yards
Brady wants those titles vs MVPs
Branch got that MVP
What?
Wish I still lived in Boston for pizza purposes
It won't be your last. It's like a drug.
That taunting call really hurt
So dumb and the chip kick was dumb too. Pitt is right back in this game after those silly events
Bell is one of the most fascinating athletes to analyze. He stands up, waits, watches the play develop and then accelerates.
Jax needs points if they want stay ahead.
Maybe he has hereditary alopecia
I am sure you could clean up at certain hotel bars. I would be fine with it.
That was a huge hit on Heyward-Bey
Some say Mike Tomlin is no longer giggling
Kick the FG now and hope for onside miracle
No time off the clock for the PAT? This isn't over
Never say never
See it's never over
The one on the far left feeds on souls
That's not Direct TV Ben, definitely Cable TV Ben
I clicked on the link and there was a man with goat horns. I think I scrolled too far.
This D is fast
Damn, Chung got stoned
Big 3rd
We love Van Noy
We love Butler
Time for punt return
Well shit
Not a fan of that series. We didn't pass on a sure passing scenario for us on 3rd
Not sure if he is having an issue with his hand to sling it
Need to get 7 here. Need to TD this
Fuck Burkhead for running into Brady's hand
Beer still tastes good
Our D needs to step up now without the ball in the 2nd half
Can fake fans calling this game over leave this thread
Saved by a penalty
Our D needs to step up now!
Fuck a Pat is down
Fucking hit these Jags hard, legally all the time. Hard nose football now.
What's a computer girl is making my blood boil even more now
Drinking some Baxter beer from Maine. Let's fucking go!!!!
Thank you!!!!
These Jags are trash
Hope Gronk is ok
Fuck the Jags!!!!!
Hope we crush Bortles now
If that wizard was really boss, he would make Bud Light out of thin air
Also the Wizard would be boss if he could do Night Shift and Trillium tall boy cans instead
Bortles is playing really well. Wow
David vs Goliath is a dumb narrative
It should be our ball
Fuck, stands
That hurt
Great D!!!!!!
3rd and 18 is tough
There we go
Dorsett!!!!!!
ACTIVATED!!!!!!
Hurns is killing us
O then needs a TD
Dola let's go!!!!
Good job Harrison
ANOTHER LESSON...NEVER GIVE UP!!!!!!
I read that as "GOAT GOAT!!"
Rubbing my pup's belly with my foot while in bed together
Furry Kool aid man
Herson? A female Hanson tribute band
Better than "Mom"
Homie is wearing pajama pants
Simply gorgeous
Free groceries!
Mouth filled with vomit seeing this
One art please!
Let me help you hug that a bit
Have you sold any paintings?
TV repairman. What a time to be alive.
Were those dress shorts?
Did the sitcom pilot take off after the promo shots?
Visits an office for a field trip, and they accidentally get left behind. The boss mistakes them for the new employees. "But we're just kids......" "I know you're new, but you have to pick up our lunch orders. No mistakes. You know what happened to our last assistants" Our heroes bring pizza which offends people at first, but everyone then has a blast. Then the theme song starts..."They're making things happen!"
WELCOME TO THE OCTAGON!!!!
The quest for who is more liked in Philly is on. If Foles can dismantle Comcast though, it's game over.
Middle floor is best floor
I thought she was going to Dirty Dancing jump
It thought seriously, was generously. Like "Fuck that guy generously and often!"
I couldn't imagine being a dad and purposefully hurting my kid
If anyone picked on her, "Only, I can mess with my sister!!!"
Everyone is about these adult videos....including Jesus
Grain storage. It's really boring stuff.
Same here. I learned to turn the NPR on the radio and let it wash over you.
Noe that person watches Stranger Things and Winona doesn't know or care that she does
Invite that pupper over
Fox News loves making things up. You might even call it...fake news.
If I had FU money, I would purchase this and then burn it immediately.
This has go be some kind of dark joke
My testicles hurt watching this
Peacocks with the huge feathers are the males
"What are we going to do with this surplus of anal plug pounding adult novelty toys?" "Boss...it sounds crazy, but I have an idea. Hear me out...."
"Ohhhh look, you even have Zelda carrying his sword on your shirt" - Every relative and most of everyone at school
Wouldn't that spoil if it was regular cream?
Maybe that fly had a rough home life and this is a brand new start for it.
Jesus Christ Vampire Hunter (Before Abe Lincoln did it in the movies, Jesus did). From 2001.
My girlfriend sucked 37 dicks.... In a row?
Nice find. My Pawn shops and Goodwills lack anything exciting.
That looks terrifying
