&gt; I'm merely being pedantic Yet your whinging about other people being autists?
Do you use public transport or work near one? They are far from out of site and out of mind. In many of them, particularly around community housing, being mugged on a Wednesday afternoon is hardly unheard of.
Do you have time to build a fort line along the german border? Maybe iff you hold up the soviets enough then america will liberate germany instead of the soviets.
It's a shame, it's a fuck load better than facebook.
&gt; Admirable goals but ecoterrorism is the wrong way to go about it. Can you suggest a better approach? Peaceful protest just gets ignored.
&gt; reef as a human shield Yep, nothing misleading in that statement!
So play the game by their rules only with less money and resources? I'm sure that'll work!
By greek catholics do the mean orthodox? When did the name change?
&gt; If Shorten had approached them simply to encourage this outcome, then it may have happened sooner. As it stands, he's probably delayed the decision. So it's Shortens fault that the Liberals don't support marriage equality?
He was waiting for you to get out of the shower, giving you priority on the hot water and this is the thanks he gets?
I love the metric system as much as the next guy, but how is it relevant here?
&gt; Mistakes happen. I'd rather a legal court decide, rather than "Minister says so" This is the big one that automatically makes it a bad idea. &gt;If they are remorseful, like some of the current ones are, they may be a useful tool to help prevent further people going to train. This is exactly what courts do, revocation of citizenship could be considered the maximum sentence.
You know there are a number of factors, such as voter turnout and lack of preference voting that make the UK a lot harder to accurately predict than Australia right?
&gt; I would like to see the peer reviewed studies on this issue before I make up my mind There's been a number of them now. All report vaping being damaging to your lungs. One or two even came to the conclusion that it's more damaging. Edit - Fine some citations: * [Vaping may have a cancer risk 5 to 15 times higher than than long term smoking](http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMc1413069?query=featured_home&amp;&amp;#t=article) * [Ecigs cause a 58% increase in macrophage infiltration](http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0116861#abstract0)
[Google](https://www.google.com.au/). They pop up from time to time and I don't take that much interest in it.
&gt; When I took my first programming class in 1971, I found it very easy. But, I noticed the other students struggling and dropping out The problem now is that they complete their degrees and some of them end up in the industry. Fail early isn't just for programs.
&gt; one person may at one point hold 2 variables in their head, while another person can at one point hold 5 variables in their head And the former will produce cleaner code. You don't want to take over maintenance from the "genius" that can hold 50 variables in his head.
Freedom fighters don't attack civilians.
But if several polls all jump 2-3% then there is probably a cause, more so if it remains at that level.
&gt; Why is he an idiot? They spent millions of dollars on original content available solely to the subscribers. Why not use the userbase it to show off the quality content you are producing? It's like marketing 101. Because /u/DaltoniusRex suggestion accomplishes exactly the same thing in a less intrusive way. Netflix got to their position by being convenient and pleasant to use. If they stop that then it's back to torrenting.
Not for me, it doesn't understand a word I say!
I expect this from the mainstream media. What really annoys me is that the ABC repeats it.
*Generic down vote for stupid comment*
I didn't even realize this until about 5 years after I was over it, I only really went out of habit.
And? When the government stopped reporting there was no source of information to keep it going. If the government had really "STOPPED THE BOATS" they wouldn't be hiding all their information would they?
We have zero information to say whether lives have been saved or not.
Plus you can buy a copy of the wind waker for just $99! I think it was only actually $80 on launch, more than a decade ago.
Yes it should be. Let's start with ensuring 457 and student visas can speak functional English.
&gt; but does every worker on your project need to be Mozart or Einstein No, but they need to have moved beyond paint by numbers. &gt;One that says "programming schools should stop emitting programmers who cant program adequately". We aren't just talking about graduates here. It's often "professional" developers with several years of experience.
&gt; I would assume Zeppelin (air ship) would be the least polluting method for mass transit. However the problem is Air ships cannot move at 600+ Mph like Boeing air buses. I'm not sure if that's a safe bet, it faces air resistance from a much bigger surface area.
Links above.
Links above.
Citations edited in.
&gt; Maybe if english was our official language, but it's not. You probably wouldn't know that if you didn't speak english! Either way, it is our de facto official language.
&gt; Yep, but not an official language. We really have no right to force it on people trying to become Australians. We aren't forcing them, we're talking about making it a condition to become an Australian citizen. The choice is entirely theirs.
Air resistance involves area, speed and weight. A piece of paper encounters quite a bit of resistance at low speeds for instance, fold the paper into a plane and it slices through very easily.
&gt; If there is no way around that to become an Australian citizen, that is force. There is no forcing involved. These are our conditions, either comply or not, completely up to the individual.
&gt;and universities do not accept students who have not met a certain score in this HAHAHAHA!
Nope, your just using the word incorrectly.
&gt; The IETLS test is already a requirement for any visa applicants from nonnative-English countries, you dumb dog-whistling fuckstick. She forgot to specify, we should have a *useful* test!
If you want to live in a foreign enclave why migrate anyway?
A different set of standards needs to apply to refugees, such as mandatory classes until proficiency is obtained.
&gt; To apply for a PR visa you need to prove you are efficient in English. Proficient? And the test is a joke.
It's not useful because people can pass it and still be completely incapable of communicating in English.
A german engineer wouldn't work for a 457 salary.
Which is bullshit, anyone can buy a pass on one of those exams.
Then the test is incredibly easy and in no way useful, judging by the results. More likely the ones that know they'll fail have someone else take it for them.
What do I base it on? I base it on the amount of people I've worked with that have apparently passed this test for their 457 and/or education visa and can't speak a lick of English.
And I can tell you that passing in no way means someone who can speak English. Source: wprked with lots of people that somehow "passed" this test.
If that's the case then we need to change the enforcement of the test to one we have control ovee because the current system obviously isn't working.
I honestly don't care what the test is or how it works. I care about the outcome of our migrants, particularly the ones I work with, having half decent communication skills.
How does an economic refugee differ from a normal migrant? If they aren't fleeing persecution they should be subjected to the same standard as everyone else. Edit - are/aren't.
Then how do you explain the lack of English skills amongst people that have passed? Either the test is useless or there is a lot of cheating going on.
And they completed these assignments all by themselves? Don't be naive.
&gt; You could make an argument from maintaining Australia culture that a very basic understanding of an Aboriginal language should be necessary. But English is in no danger of being lost to the world. No you couldn't, Australia (the country) Is a European, primarily English invention with no connection to the previous inhabitants other than sharing the geography.
Hypocrisy, they make the laws that keeps drug illegal for everyone else.
Because judging every one on the same requirements is the only way to be fair. If I were you I'd be more pissed at the ones that cheat the test rather than the test itself.
Isn't English the primary, or at least universal secondary, language of fiji anyway?
How many are there that didn't learn english in primary school? And why would an Australian citizen, with all the rights that come with it, be held to the same standard as a non-citizen with no rights?
Try working with people that "earned" masters degrees and are incapable of fairly basic English, let alone comprehending a university lecture.
What's the age distribution on the non-english speakers?
I meant if they aren't fleeing persecution they should be treated the same as any other migrant, including the English requirement.
It's not a single co worker, it's dozens ive worked with and closer to the rule than the exception. Other people in this thread are reporting the same experiences.
Then we need to enforce the standard in Australia, by people not paying to take the test!
Education systems based entirely on rote "learning" is another aspect of our immigration system that sucks balls.
No it doesn't, it might provide an indication but being bi-lingual doesn't automatically make someone smarter than someone that isn't.
Computer Science.
No they don't have the same rights. They have no right to live, work or even visit here unless the government says so. Until citizenship is granted we can put any conditions we want on that.
&gt; My feeling is the science isn't definitive at the moment, and may not be for years. That's basically my position too.
&gt; I heard of an Irish nurse working in Dubai who was made to sit an English test, which is just absurd. It's a waste of time and bureaucracy, to prove some kind of "diversity" point. How is that absurd? A lot of irish have extremely thick accents and the person was applying for a job where clear communication between patients and doctors is absolutely vital.
Usually the employer just wants them as a cheap indentured servant and don't give a fuck about their language skills. Hiring isn't always handled by the people that have to work with them.
&gt; Naturally, nomads can choose to settle on a more permanent basis, by completely switching over to a Feudal, Tribal or Republican lifestyle So I can have an alt history where turkic invaders set up a trade republic on the black sea?
That is a perfectly solvable problem though.
I thought it sounded like a good idea until I tried writing atom plugins....
&gt; Victoria and HOI don't, What? HOI is essentially a battle to be the biggest blob by the end of the game.
Drunk me needs this feature!
Working with lots of people that can't communicate in English. Anyone that's worked with a lot of migrants know this.
Depending on the type of project, using source control would solve this just fine. Let the commits speak for themselves.
&gt; Imagine being a skilled worker in the developed world, with a solid qualification, but no wealth in your family and looking at that kind of cost. A skilled worker in the developed world should be able to afford that just fine. Sure it's not cheap but it's certainly doable.
I've seen this in IT too. Just about any software project for external sale can be classified as R&amp;D.
&gt; I work with a lot of migrants in my company and they all have functional English. Do you have any evidence that they can speak functional english? &gt;I work with a lot of migrants in my company and they all have functional English. You said you got your visa ~3 years ago. Have you considered that you might not be in the best position to judge?
To an extent they're right. Look at the amount of people complaining about Melbourne's "tiny" 42sq meter apartments. A lot of people here seem to be able to expect a big house in a suburb close to a CBD, they're expectations need to change.
The did spend money on infrastructure and on energy/financial efficiency.
&gt; He should have just left politics and retired gracefully but instead he spent the next couple of years destablising the government and his own party. And then, when they realized how shit Gillard was the welcomed him back with open arms.
&gt; That's not really on her though, Rudd had pissed off all the major factions and powerbrokers, not to mention his own partyroom, Gillard was just in the right place at the right time, with a sufficient ego to accept the challenge. If they were all so pissed off then why were they so willing to welcome him back?
&gt; Are you just being facetious now? Nope. Your saying all I have is conjecture, where is your evidence?
&gt;Neither of which passes as evidence for your original claim that the IELTS is easily cheated on or abused. It's either worthless or easily cheated and abused, maybe even some combination of both. I don't care about that, I care about the results. Read through the rest of the thread, you'll find plenty of people have had the exact same experience. &gt;Would you like me to go around and record conversations with a few of the migrants in this company? I could do that here, some speak great english. That doesn't mean the system as a whole is working. The migrants that do speak english well are often the ones that inform me of how easily the system is rorted.
It'll turn up somewhere with the wheels taken off*. *Not joking sadly, I see this with prams quite regularly.
Hasn't Constantinople only changed hands once in the last 2000 years?
Did Germany ever consider not building such a large fleet so as not to piss off Britain?
Flammable scaffolding!
I also some words on occasion!
I demanded evidence in response to another demand for evidence. If my (subjective) evidence isn't good enough, then why does the other side get away with no evidence?
LOL, there best we're hoping for out of the libs is that a minority support it within the party, *IF* they are allowed to.
It's not being debated, everyone agrees, it can be passed at any time. Liberals are the ones playing politics here.
&gt;It's different from English. It's Australian Sign Language - a different whole language. Apart from the method of communication, what makes it a different language? Honest question, AFAIK this sound a bit like saying written english and spoken english are different languages?
Which is still a matter of adjusting expectations!
&gt; buying housing at 900k plus, which would be a medium price in sydney for a house Someone buying into the market should be doing so at the low end, not the middle.
That's fine, just don't whinge if prices continue to rise, or at least stay at the current level and you can't afford to buy one.
The ones I was referring to were calling 42sqm tiny for a single bedroom.
A lot of places in Melbourne you could get a 2 bedroom apartment for that. I'm not arguing it's not harder, I'm arguing it's still possible if you adjust expectations.
Exactly. A million houses in tge country no longer pissing money down the drain on temperature control.
My studio is about 28, which is plenty.
It was the call back hell that put me off more than anything. I ended up going back to trusty old vim!
Great, the wishful thinking approach to home ownership.
Waiting for the world to adjust to your expectations is rarely rational.
What he's saying is that 35,000 people can be considered "a lot".
We are building more, apartment buildings are going up pretty quickly around Melbourne at the moment.
So? I'm living in Australia, not world average.
OP said he waa doing that, he explicitly said he was waiting for the market to adjust to his expectations.
Not sure if it's Australia wide, but in some states bars can lose their liquor license for not providing free water.
&gt; It's not good code either. That's a bit redundant ;)
The server typically has compiled code, so nothing to ignore.
I disagree that you don't start to see patterns until you are intermediate. Seeing patterns is something a programmer should do naturally. The difference between junior and senior is seeing the right patterns and knowing the long term ramifications, not just finding "clever" ways to write less code.
What? They don't tax your savings.
Your own link says half a million owning two or more.
Fine, prescribe cheap sugar pills, not expensive ones made by con artists.
By recovered you mean there was a single, outlying poll that gave them a chance at winning the next election?
&gt; The NBN isn't anywhere near a major issue as you (and most of /r/australia[1] ) think. It's a major issue for a lot of people that work in IT, eduction, health etc. As well as a whole heap of businesses that would benefit.
I'm not sure if food is covered, it comes under RSA rules.
&gt; How do you feel about overpaying for an asset that will be worth less than what you paid in 10 years time? It wont' be worth less in absolute terms. In the mean time, paying for my mortgage is cheaper than paying rent, so I feel quite good about it.
Sydney looks very different, I have no idea why there is such a discrepancy.
We did have the GFC though.
This is highly optimized compared to others I've seen. Let me now when it's loading each client in a separate sql statement or several.
Reminds me of a guy I used to work with that demanded we use arrays instead of lists because "arrays are faster". Then he used the same trick, using redim x thousand times. Take the redim part out and I've seen Microsoft guidance recommend software to be built this way. :(
&gt;Because, well, aside from food, we don't produce anything useful. *ahem* Coal!
Or foreign investors just fill the void!
Id, not ID. It's an abbreviation of identity, not an Identity Document.
If they don't lie they can't meet the bullshit expectations that allow the job to go to an h1b in the first place.
I've seen a few different processes lead there, usually cargo cult thinking. One common one seems to be: stored procedures are faster &gt; everything must be a stored proc &gt; stored proc can't handle dynamic scenario &gt; handle it in code. They refuse to admit that dynamic sql would be faster because it would break there long held belief. I've had conversations with DBAs that think the entire table should be sorted/paged in code.
Are there any competent people left doing VB? Anyone with half a brain would have moved to c# years ago.
So "(C|J).*"? My regex skills are rusty.
That's not double dipping, that's taxing new income.
We're also edging cloaer to tge next election, it takes time to turn a ship around, especially if we're heading into a recession.
I was already pushing the limuts of ny regex skills...
The biggest issue with that sadly is that the government doesn't want to encourage saving, they want consumers spending.
So what your trying to say is that you don't care because your a selfish cunt?
&gt;the worse the ride gets (small adjustments in flight feeling like huge ups and downs). Or it gets better, depending on your perspective. Either way, providing a discount airfare for the people further from the center might see some uptake.
It's running faster for me but let's plays are reporting it running slower. I wonder if it has to do with country size, I'm playing venice.
I agree. Netflix is a much better player and overall experience, but stan has more content I want.
I think the engine can only handle water at sea level.
I think it's the attrition changes that the AI doesn't know how to deal with. In my limited play time I've seen some big wars end as stalemates.
Maybe some condensation forming on the aerial.
I wonder if paradox would consider making it single player only considering that almost every issue was caused by player actions. Multiplayer could always be added in an expansion.
Brand new, ground up rewrites often have just as much (often more) technical debt than the system they are replacing. That crusty old access app might not follow any design patterns, but it's also not bogged down by layers upon layers of them.
Has anyone explained how manpower works now? I seem to be losing a lot more than the attrition tooltip indicates. I also seem to gain manpower back a lot faster than the tooltip says.
Because it's a non issue for the most part. It's pretty common for games to be built this way. Adding variable water levels would probably add some complication (which means slower game play) for very little benefit.
I think it's a sea province from the games perspective, that might have been the only way the engine allowed it to have a name.
Neither of these clubs are in my area, this is more of a general question. Do you have to travel all over melbourne or is it more of a local thing?
I think it's still better than fat pride (or whatever it's called), but not by much.
I lost count of the amount of times FIFA added an "All new 3D ball".
&gt;Honestly at this point anything to help fix iinet's 5-9pm complete fuckout of the DNS would be appreciated. I'm glad this isn't just me.
Pretty terrible.
&gt; Just because a bubble has lasted a long time doesn't mean it will last forever. It also doesn't mean it will burst any time soon.
Except the people that live there still need someone to flip their burgers.
Would the fossil record really be that conclusive? We've only been around for a brief blip on geological scales. &gt;Coal and oil. Where did that all go? (Buuurp!) Or would future species just assume that earth didn't have the correct conditions for them to form?
It's also amazing that there are still stupid laws like that around. Why should the government give a fuck why a couple wants to separate?
I've seen it. It can be fine for a month and then tge Internet can be completely unusable for days.
And EU3. How many paid "patches" were there in the end?
And still way less than the amount killed by the mass extinction we're diving into.
They're still in opposition mode.
Whatever form we end up with (I agree with you), it should go to a separate vote, months afterward.
&gt; 2 hour each way commutes is not unusual for my neighbors driving into Los Angeles. LA is a pretty textbook example of how not to design a city though.
Why would you spend extra to get a realistic looking gun for a kid in the first place? For kids a finger is a suitable gun.
&gt;Shitty decision-making ability and poor self-control. So what's your solution to improve this?
&gt; Is piracy even a concern since Netflix launched? I figured it would have dropped severly. There is a lot of stuff not on Australian netflix.
You're more optimistic than me!
&gt; Pansa Is this where the name of the panzer tank originates?
So the finally clear up doubt about it's future now that's it's irrelevant with windows 8/10 adoption.
But why is that part of the voter registration process. Why can't the party manage their own members?
&gt; That nobody knows where she stands on major issues is the problem. That actually makes it really hard to eviscerate someone, it's why Clinton isn't taking a position. It's like climate change "debates". You can't argue against a deniers position because it is constantly changing with whatever seems convenient at the time.
Would a bullet have the power to kill someone after it already traveled through one human body? Why not just give the police less powerful guns?
Let this guy keep speaking. See where the republicans end up once they've put all the retirees offside!
That's even more impressive. I assumed that the image cut off the usual long runway.
[Possibly](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Braess's_paradox)
It's not piracy, it is illegal access though. I can't wait for region blocking to die.
Who is RuPErt GrinT?
Only the ones not eating enough fiber need this reminder!
As a salaried employee, my price was nearly losing my house after a stint of unemployment. Exact dollar figure is irrelevant.
They have (had) a shared goal though
A corporation with the ability to dictate to nations, what fould possibly go wrong with that? Too big to fail means to big to exist applies to more than just banks!
Your dog has a point, my mailman is always trying to extort money from me, leaving letters saying pay up or else!
So they created something nobody wanted then?
&gt; It is NOT an inherent pixel size to the universe. Hasn't there been several experiments to try to prove one way or another that it is an inherent "pixel size"?
The generation coming into the workplace now (or maybe fro a decade now, get off my lawn) doesn't even know what a "cassette" is.
Printers have fancy LCD screens now, the can say "Load Paper" and include the details in smaller print. Maybe the could even get fancy and tell you which paper size into which tray!
There is no tech "savy" generation, just a generation more comfortable using tech.
You know you've made it when BBB is no longer a valid rival.
They are much more to the educational side of things than entertainment, especially compared to most professional documentaries.
Byzantium, now they can survive without resorting to gamey tactics!
&gt; Most people aren't growing corn or soy in their home gardens What's that got to do with anything?
So how is the federal government funding the EW link any better? They were more than happy to spend taxes from Sydney and Perth on a local road!
Literally pissing money away!
There is a lot of overlap between these groups.
&gt; Governments take lots of things from you without your consent. &gt; Taxes You know your arguing with a bunch of people that think taxes are theft right?
Andrews offered that at one point, they weren't interested.
Just because we lost half a billion dollars doesn't mean we should lose 10 billion more!
Better living under him than the whinging cunt that seems to live there now!
You own it to live in? Don't worry about what the market is doing. In the long term wages will increase and your loan will get comparatively smaller and smaller.
I hear it's a good time to be investing in buggy whip manufacturers!
Why wouldn't they?
When was this? In the last 20 years they almost definitely had some tax breaks.
Even then, if your reducing the principal then it should be getting cheaper over time. Do an exercise, look at the rent prices around you and realestate.com.au and see what the difference is between paying your loan and renting. I have no idea about the 3 bdr market, or the Adelaide market at all but when I did the same I came out way better owning than renting the equivalent. The initial deposit was the biggest hurdle.
That doesn't get you quarterly bonuses!
&gt; Finally interest rates are looking to head north over the next year maybe two as bonds markets are flushed out - how is your $460k loan going to be on a long term average of %8 ? LOL, unless the federal government provides some stimulus then interest rates aren't going anywhere in a hurry, especially back up to 8%.
&gt; Stamp duty, rates, insurance, etc etc - there are literally DOZENS of studies into the housing market in Australia ALL pointing towards purchasing being one of the WORST financial option available. I save $100+ a week by not renting, don't have to deal with moving every so often and everything else that renting comes with. And I end up with an asset at the end of things. &gt;$460k for a house which will be worth $200k in less than 24 months - sage advice. What it's worth in 24 months is irrelevant. It's about what it's worth when it's time to sell, which could be decades away.
I'm impressed it hasn't gone into guru meditation yet.
That's another good point. You can't raise a family in an investment portfolio!
&gt; I'm ready to cop some flack for my opinion on this but as much as i support SSM why can't those alike me also respect the views of the church? Because I don't respect their views. I respect their right to have their view but that's as far as it goes.
&gt; Its been happening since 2011-2012. Before then. I was hoping the GFC would pop the bubble!
You don't like smashing glass? You don't throw that beer bottle into the recycling bin hoping for that satisfying smashing sound?
Sorry, did I ruin your bitch session by actually answering the question?
Even during the great depression most people still had jobs. During a recession most of the unemployment is felt by younger workers who are unlikely to be buying a house in the first place.
Just remember, your not special and it applies to you too. Many people skip this step!
Nope, the vast majority of Australian laws have no connection to Christianity. Except for a few coincidental ones that everyone thinks is a good idea, like murder.
The vast majority are incompetent too, they are costing the economy millions a year, not saving money.
The only people I know that are actually members of the ACS are 457s trying to network and get accreditation. ACS will ultimately work for their members.
Anyone else enjoying the fact that we can now call Tony Abbott a people smuggler?
Might not be good for existing projects because it relies on owin. There were also some database locking issues when I looked into it.
Create a separate console application run by the windiws task scheduler. If you need something fancier check out [quartz]( http://www.quartz-scheduler.net/).
Let me guess, jobs asking for 10 years experience with java 8 and paying 30k?
But they have to to an extent, that's where the employees are.
From the whole affair, not from tgis article.
They didn't run their whole election campaign on "stop the boats".
They did enough (or not) to placate voters. Abbott based his entire election campaign on it. I saw him interviewed this morning, he's still stuck in a "stop the boats" infinite loop.
University is pointless for the sort of job where your going to be resetting peoples passwords.
&gt;It's fairly easy to weed these people out. It is? I still find people with 10 years under their belt in the industry that couldn't write fizzbuzz. Pretty much anyone with any talent is self taught. They might have a uni degree as well, but most of what the have learned has not come from university. The best I've worked with have degrees in unrelated fields. Someone resetting passwords or churning out websites should not require going to university at all.
&gt; I can get work done anywhere with an Internet connection. Airport lounge, cafe, office or at home. So can someone in Eastern Europe, for half the price.
&gt; It's hard to hire in those regions because the cost of working in a distributed team is very very high. not just in communication overhead but in trust building. I find it lower if your communicating well. Even working next to each other you should be sending emails, not tapping people on the shoulder all the time.
&gt; Businesses shouldn't hire people/agencies/consultancies that simply 'churn' out websites. A website is a primary interface between you and your customers it needs as much love as you would put in your physical store front. Ugh, I'm having that argument with the powers that be right now.
Looks like they still have the unresponsive keepers present (0:34).
I wish they still had the crowd and announcer from ISS64!
Why the fuck should the popes opinion on climate change be relevant? Should we ask L Ron Hubbard too?
I dunno, sounds like a death cult!
Got some numbers to back that up?
And typing "your" saves several without anyone misunderstanding your sentence!
Because it's an easy to understand reference. Also, MS payed 2 billions dollars or something for minecraft, they need to justify the "investment".
IA I don't pretend to get. But I seem to have spent my lifetime fighting against CRUD based UIs and the application architectures behind them. It's really not that hard, find out the users work flow and build a UI to fit.
&gt; You can't hear a conversation over an email or read the facial expressions. Good, I don't want to overhear or be overheard. &gt;the additional cost of asking a question really impacts the trust and ease. It's meant to. It forces people to actually form a question and they are meant to not expect an instant response.
When your hiring senior people you generally expect them to be able to do it and are asking higher level questions. Other times that idiot turns out to be your boss, good luck making your future employer take a coding test. Even this only filters out people that absolutely can not do their job.
It's only harder if you suck at communicating. Communication is a lot easier when you can check information and ensure accuracy, which can't be done in a face to face exchange. How does it break trust?
I don't know what it's like for other professions, but for software developers it's easy. We've built the tools and workflows to do just this for &gt;30 years. Much of the software that the industry relies on has been built by massively distributed teams.
Username checks out!
Assuming 9 women can have a baby in 1 month!
&gt; That doesn't make any sense. Automation is a capital expense, it involves a large up-front investment to reduce running costs. This is what is changing now. General purpose robots are becoming available. It's like when computers went from being hardwired for a specific task to being entirely software based.
They're turning off an entire generation: &gt;18-24yr olds heavily favour the ALP 67%
&gt; the "neighbour principle" underlying negligence screams Jesus's teaching. Never heard of this before but from what I've read the word neighbor is the only part they share. Not that I would consider "love thy neighbor" particularly christian, most cultures developed the "don't be a dick" principle long before Christianity. A lot of English law also has anglo-saxon roots, from before the country was converted. &gt;Criminal law is all morality based. Although, to be fair, much of it comes to us from the Romans. Much of it comes from vested self interest (we don't want to be killed our raped ourselves), cultures around the world are often quite similar.
Well when you here an arab sounding name it's not a huge assumption.
So the spit is being developed then?
Wouldn't that invalidate pretty much every peace treaty ever?
Then you're either not looking where you're going or only cycling on incredibly deserted roads!
Only with infinite money!
Not necessarily. A genetic algorithm would be good for selecting packages designs people like.
Automation has other benefits, like speed, reliability, scalability and being able to run 24/7. When computers started replacing office workers they weren't cheaper but they were faster and less error prone.
That was the DOJ getting a token, high profile scalp while they completely ignore real corruption.
&gt;"She was clearly pushing and prodding to see how I'd respond, 'if you would only see the polling', she kept talking about the polling, polling, polling, polling." Better than you ever polled in your life jules!
Old womens weekly and a pair of long socks!
I think nDepend has some good architecture explorer type features.
You missed the entire point. The master branch allows you to fix bugs in production. Without that you have to wait until the dev branch is stable to fix something. Every thing else stems from incompetent devs that don't know how to use source control, or why it's important.
Detention centers are also empty, no boats means no one to detain!
I wonder if anyone in the government expected this a year ago when the decided to piss off Indonesia?
Haven't we got enough shit here? Now I find out we have fucking anacondas too!
Get to the funeral early, there will be a 3PM lockout!
&gt; It does nothing of the kind. Its just a series of messages that human worth will be diminished in the future. Only if you define human worth to be economic output!
&gt; It really fucks up the people smugglers business model. How so? Are they offering a money back guarantee?
So your doing feature branches for hotfixes but not features? Edit - And what about your CI server? Do you update it to point to the new hotfix branch every time?
Sometimes I just want to relax and not think too hard...
Maybe it is your fault for not stripping admin rights.
Lol. Managing MS licensing could be a job by itself.
I don't know why the down votes. This is more important than any podcast.
&gt; What you're describing is a release branch, and having long-lived release branches is a known ani-pattern. What? Since when? A release branch has to be around for as long as the release itself is around and still supported.
What about his debut origin? Bet he was more hate in qld the next day!
But the cauldron!
Different angles from the camera positioning at the G. I was seeing forward passes all night.
Have you tried firefox os? The entire UI stack is based on html/css/js. It's faster and smoother than android, on crappier hardware.
1/5th? I see your an optimist!
It's almost as if Liberal governments are doing there best to cripple renewable energy by resorting to psuedo science like wind turbine syndrome. Why does the liberal party hate the free market?
Your not concerned that a phone call is enough to paralyze a city?
Except for people that have trouble standing for long periods of time, like the elderly. For them it is a very real problem.
You must have even less of a life to find it worthy of commenting on!
What exactly are the bidding on? Will it be replaced entirely?
An imaginary bomb! Even then, it should take more than that.
&gt; It's better to be safe than right on the road. Funny how your definition of safe is also what is most convenient for you!
&gt; Who's to say he didn't miss the green light because the cyclist held him up? OP did. He said he passed him and mentioned nothing about slowing down.
&gt;Thanks for replying. I genuinely didn't realise that cyclists weren't obliged to use the bike lane if there is one provided and marked. They are unless it is unsafe to do so. Studley rd however is not a bike lane.
Looking at [studley rd](https://www.google.com.au/maps/@-37.764223,145.04808,3a,75y,243.16h,53.96t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sQpqdGSQjhn11iQtmkP8NFA!2e0!7i13312!8i6656) on google maps, it isn't a bike lane by vic roads definition. It's just some bicycle signs the council thought would be fun to paint on the road.
&gt; Yes - I would have passed a car with that clearance. I know the dimensions of my car (medium-sized sedan), and I consider that it was safe. If the cyclist reacted like that then maybe you don't!
Sometimes it's literally impossible, like if the doorer is behind a 4WD. It's not possible for him to see you either.
&gt; I must confess I haven't out of principle, I refuse to shill for anything endorsed by Telefonica and neither should anybody invested in net neutrality. They have nothing to do with FFOS. &gt;A quick look at the APIs suggest that's only useful for very little more than data visualization in the same way a browser does. LOL. Have you ever used a web application? &gt;Where's my C++, OpenGL, bluetooth, sensors, OS access? There's just so much that you can do with HTML5. C++ will likely never be supported. OpenGL is through WebGL. There are a number of sensor API's, which ones are missing? OS Access is intentionally limited, just like on most other smartphone OS'.
&gt;I think 99% of cyclists are fine but there are some that think just because they have right of way on a road means they can cause big delays to road users behind them. They can! &gt;And never hold up traffic unless it's for a short period of time as it's both rude and unsafe. They are traffic! &gt;Neither is a safe option though you can easily slow down and pull over a bit to let cars past but at a slight inconvenience to yourself. And cars can easily slow down at a slight inconvenience to themselves.
&gt; I don't know whether I would have missed the lights if I'd waited. Yes you do. If the cyclist caught up to you at the lights then you wouldn't have missed them by slowing down.
What about: Headline: Train control center evacuated, network operating as normal. Easily achievable if they actually prepared for terrorism rather than removing bins!
&gt; But this guy is now being looked for by police who do exactly this for a living and if they catch this asshole he is looking at a big ass fine and or jail. And when phones start getting hacked to call in fake bomb threats?
The can try and catch someone calling in a bomb threat from the other side of the world all they want, but they don't have a hope in hell of catching them so it isn't a deterrent.
The Rus event to form the Soviet Union is so OP!
You ever heard of redundancy? Obviously not!
&gt; it is not implausible that a successful Gallipoli could have taken place a comparatively short distance north. What's the Crimean coastline like? It might be even easier. In fact the british invaded [a hundred years earlier](https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Crimean_War)
&gt; Anyways, I love the battle plans system! It's going to make the game 1000x more playable for me, as I feel directing every unit a la HoI3 is tedious and boring. Same, if they pull it off I think it's going to revolutionize strategy games in general! I'd love to have a total war where you create battle plans like this instead of unit micro management!
What happens if there is a major big tomorow and your only recourse is to rewrite a huge chunk of the UI? It's way to much risk to rely on the library.
But what are the actual policy differences?
Where abouts? Our garbage men have been one man teams with side lifters for about 20 years now, maybe more.
[These](https://www.google.com.au/search?q=one+man+garbage+truck&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=976&amp;site=webhp&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=G2iCVYrHLouV8QX2ooLoDw&amp;ved=0CDAQsAQ#imgrc=BAbdKK_d2sqtOM%253A%3BTh2lmN9o5OjRBM%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fwww.northjersey.com%252Fpolopoly_fs%252F1.1322330.1430370715!%252FfileImage%252FhttpImage%252Fimage.jpg_gen%252Fderivatives%252Fbox_650%252F043015-su-garbage.jpg%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fwww.northjersey.com%252Fcommunity-news%252Fnew-trucks-to-clean-up-city-1.1322329%3B650%3B430) have existed for &gt; 20 years.
I'm fine with the FOV, I just want it in my hands. Future versions can always improve things.
Perfect opportunity for some weekend at bernies style shenanigans!
Poe's law in action!
If you want short cut evaluation use amdalso, or drop vb entirely.
Monorail was one of those wheels MS reinvented. It was around for years before ASP MVC which took a few versions to reach parity.
They aren't canceling the rule of law, Labor aren't supporting it being decided by ministerial decision. Also, you know magna carta was torn up after about a year right? And all those lovely freedoms was just a footnote anyway.
You can hardly compare violence in games based physical confrontation with someone just trying to walk down tge street. The type of thugs that do this are typically ones that don't play sport in tge first place.
Konami would still use X as the confirm button!
[The French tried](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_Republican_Calendar), it didn't stick!
Why does the implementation of Liberal party policy always seem to get branded as Labors fault?
Call telstra and be told I'm a cunt. Gotcha.
&gt; I second Asus. Computers are good but they still come with a lot of crapware. Changing the performance profile on mine with a keyboard shortcut takes between 0 seconds and 12 hours.
Couldn't they have run water down periodically and make adjustments if necessary? Are we attributing design and engineering where some level of trial and error would suffice?
Perfect is the enemy of good!
Absolutely. Any idiot can make something complicated. Simplifying something complicated takes real brains.
Doesn't that fly in the face of most accounts of Agincourt? That is, the french soldiers could not traverse the muddy ground properly because of their armor.
&gt; A defensive Alliance; nothing about Austria-Hungary or Germany's actions was defensive. You could argue (and the Austrians would have) that they were attacked first, with the assination of the Archduke.
They were pretty much the only (or one of very few) institutions actually capable of pushing science at the time. It's not like we made a lot of scientific breakthroughs while the church was so powerful.
&gt; I'm going away right now to find a way of re-working our interview process so that a candidate's ability to (re)organise code is taken into consideration along with their technical knowledge. How would you go about this? Start with something complicated and ask them to simplify it?
Well its not exactly an everyday problem, I assume it needs some sort of machine learning. But it should still be a result of the culmination of several simple parts.
I'd prefer the surgeon that looks up what he needs to know rather than the one that memorized a textbook.
I think that's actually a strength to writing good code. Kind of a variant on "if you have a hard problem give it to a lazy person, they'll find a simpler solution".
Quite often these "gurus" only work on green field projects. They never learn of the disasters they create.
It's not bad, just massively overused. With modern IOC containers the factory pattern is rarely needed.
Also, which new stuff is just a variant on the old stuff.
Why can't you juat look through the scm history?
Management looks at your commit logs?
[I looked](http://proactivelylazy.blogspot.com.au/2014/03/android-take-back-your-builds.html) into it once. The whole thing is a monolithic clusterfuck.
Why do you need a website for a wedding?
Not sure if I'd say overused, practically any non-trivial product can make good use of them. They are abused by people who don't understand the basic principles though. I've seen plenty of instance of people misusing them to create poco objects with Container.CreateInstance littered everywhere throughout the code.
&gt; But then, some of that classification is in the eye of the beholder, no? To someone that's never used an ORM, for example, using an ORM is "overly complex". It depends on the situation more than anything. I just finished a project hat was almost entirely read only, an ORM would have been overly complex. For other projects they are entirely appropriate. The question to ask is "what does this abstraction add/remove". 15 layers that just pass through values are useless, they aren't actually doing something. A view model though, is providing an interface between the view and the database, so worthwhile.
Can't all of that be contained in an email? It sounds like you've over engineered your wedding ;)
All of those examples assume a single implementation. What about when you need to respond to configuration settings or url parameters to create different objects?
&gt; What I'm saying is that the above is preferable to, say, having a test beans file in one place and a prod beans file in another place and constructing the configs separately in each of them, leaving you to look in multiple different places when you need to understand/modify it. Why would you have a different file for each? It's just an if statement in the boot strapping code.
My sister used to make fun of me for following the exact same routine every time I got home. But at least I didn't have to play "where are the car keys" every single fucking morning!
&gt; I work with people able to keep hundreds of variables organized in their head all the time. I would hate to have to maintain their code.
I only saw that once. It was a matryoshka doll of self hosting service layers.
&gt; They take configuration via a POJO, which you can't create from a simple constant string. Unless you're always using the exact same set of config options in every environment, and just varying their values, you're going to need some sort of code That code can go in the bootstrapping code. Then the rest of the code base can just worry about having a connection, not the connection and the connection factory. &gt; if you have code (or XML) that takes in a number of inputs and constructs the right instance of MyObject based on them, it's still a factory in the end. It's still using the factory pattern, in the loosest sense, but the boot strapper is the only place that needs to know, everything else just gets a connection. &gt;The factory pattern isn't outright required for any of these things, but it's the most concise approach I've seen for many of them, and in the end it makes things far more readable because everything is consolidated in one place. You are spreading everything all over the place. All the configuration is in different factory classes instead of the boot strapper.
&gt; Some frameworks don't have you write the bootstrapping code manually Which ones? &gt;But what I'm saying is that I think you shouldn't have a different file for each So do I, here is a snippet from a system I'm working on at the moment: if (!AppSettings["SecurityManager"] == "Fake") { builder.RegisterType&lt;FakeSecurityManager&gt;() .As&lt;IUserSecurityManager&gt;() .InstancePerRequest(); } else { builder.RegisterType&lt;UserSecurityManager&gt;() .As&lt;IUserSecurityManager&gt;() .InstancePerRequest(); } Everything that uses the security manager no longer has to worry about the factory, there is only one class to think about from their perspective, not two which would be the case with a factory.
Source control manager.
Are you going to do the same for pedestrians? Often it takes multiple lights cycles just to cross a road!
Just looked up the different tram types, take a look at the [w-class](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trams_in_Melbourne#W-class_trams). 26 in service, 27 in reserve, not including the city circle, and the haven't been built since 1956!
Goddammit wiki bot you could have saved me some typing!
Yeah, I can see that from your code example :)
&gt; That's seriously Fuck all travel time mate. So you wouldn't mind your boss expecting you to do a half day on Saturday? It's fuck all time after all.
It's not hard, it's just so fucking boring and repetitive to control every single unit on multiple fronts.
I wonder if these spread with the PIE language?
&gt; You act like your armies being as dumb as the ai's is a good thing. It's certainly more historical. Not every commander made an optimal decisions every time.
About their right to own people!
Where did I say I lived in one? I would likely be spending that time watching another hour of TV, or playing a game, or working on one of my projects. None of which requires more space than a bean bag.
&gt; 5 hours a week is fuck all travel time in a big city. So? That doesn't mean that other people can't make different trade offs in their life.
&gt; When you need a different implementation you just pass in a different function. From where? An MVC controller is instantiated before it actually gets to any of my code. Is there an actual code example anywhere? Like an MVC app?
So playstation doesn't allow pre-loading?
&gt; New things take time to gain adoption, I'm not sure why that's so shocking. It's not like you flip a switch and you're on a new platform. Functional programming isn't new.
I think the 78 line still has a few. The 67 also did until recently.
Google is a big company and has a lot of people who want to work there and the have to cull the competition. Random shitty company that no one has heard of can't afford to be so picky.
Ooh look, another functional programming blog about problems that people aren't actually facing.
&gt; EDIT: I think the guilt factor has set in after I've had to drive aims searching for more dye because she ran out :/ Wait, did you supply the dye?
What? Web developers have wanted this more than anyone. Why would non-web developers even care?
It's repetitive for everyone.
This won't remove any current limitations, except maybe number crunching which the web stack shouldn't be used for anyway.
&gt; Privatized healthcare puts the responsibility on the backs of businesses This must be a pain in the ass for anyone trying to start a business too. If you can't afford the healthcare then you can attract a lot of people.
Was this at a hospital? Did they direct you to an after hours doctor surgery?
With a UK style system they would probably lose their job.
&gt; there are too many unknowns to say the debate is over. A lot of these "unkowns" are only unknown to you. What do you know that the vast majority of climate scientists don't?
&gt; In a world where two well respected scientists can have completely conflicting opinions, you kind of have to go with the mass opinion if you don't have the opportunity to research the matter and form your own Then why aren't you doing this with climate change? The overwhelming opinion from scientists is that it is a serious problem.
&gt; So we didn't go through a period of "global cooling is the problem", then "global warming is the problem", then "global climate change is the problem"? If you really think that global cooling was ever a thing then the problem is that you get your information from shitty sources.
&gt; The other is speculative and theoretical and happens on a multi-generational scale. It isn't theoretical at all, the earth has been warming.
Because he is throwing out a bunch of standard denier lines.
Try waiting 45 years and giving it another kick, that should do the job!
Why is it unfortunate? Why piss money down the drain unnecessarily?
Nothing you said contradicted the quote.
Sounds like he's new to the world.
LOL, you play a poor confused man just trying to find the truth in a complicated topic. But the way you trot out all the common anti-science talking points show you for the denier you are.
Nothing revolutionary though. We already have asynchronous tasks. As far as I can tell there is no predetermined upper bound on memory usage now.
Your tin foil hat will protect you!
&gt; That's like saying we don't need cars because we already have bicycles. What are you going to do with threads that you can't do with asynchronous tasks? It might be nice to have but I've never worked on a web app the really needed them. &gt;You need to preallocate an array that serves as your heap when using asm.js. I'm not sure what happens when you run out, though. That's a limitation of asm.js then, not of javascript itself. Doesn't java have the same limitation?
It has to remember what room it's in though, otherwise everything you place is reset when you leave. I'm not sure if it's really a notebook either with only 2GB of ram. Have the discussed peripherals yet? A notebook needs a keyboard.
Considering how shit source maps work with current java script compliers I'm not hopeful.
Let me know when xaml supports style composition.
You know it's a 5 minute video not an in depth documentary. Can you do a better job describing the crusades in 5 minutes? Considering the crusades changed very little of world history I'm surprised it even gets mentioned.
Unified patriots front? I thought we were the patriots front of Australia?
So tell me what long term effect it had then?
&gt; The most obvious problem with this game is still the extremely basic and simplified combat, which is a huge problem considering it's a war game. You just draw a battle plan and watch your troops move. From the tutorial videos I honestly can't even tell if you're able to dictate where the different troops type go on the line (ex. put the tanks on the edges to go behind) or if the AI decides that automatically. Can you at least set tactic risk levels taken by generals like you could in HoI3? Can you set it so the tanks punch through first with the infantry following in behind to fill holes in the line, or change the setting so that infantry clears the way and tanks only move up and engage once you've cleared the woods? If you're going to limit us to just setting up a battle plan and then watching I want to at least set strategies and settings for each individual army (and hopefully far more than what I've listed here). This is what I'm worried about. So far it seems as though you just draw fronts, there are no actual battle plans. I want to be able to draw lines where the main army thrust will happen, and where encirclnents will happen. Maybe the current tool can do that if you break the plan into phases a bit better.
Stan has a lot more content I'm actually interested in. The player is shit though.
Discovery and History channel used to show documentaries too.
Dead sea effect!
WARNING: Don't look at the post history!
The had stops with line tram line numbers on google maps forever and it's disappeared recently.
&gt; It's less dangerous than sitting in the middle of the road waiting to turn right Bicycles can make [hook turns](https://www.vicroads.vic.gov.au/safety-and-road-rules/road-rules/a-to-z-of-road-rules/bicycles) at any intersection.
&gt; whenever I deem it to be unsafe to ride on a ride with 15cm between me and traffic or being doored, I'll choose the footpath You should be choosing the road and taking the whole lane!
I'm sure those file reading operations are CPU bound nad the number of cycles are important....
&gt; and it was for too brief a period for evolution to have managed a fraction of what it's produced on Earth (this assumes the rate of change would be similar) There is no reason to think that earth is typical in this regard. It's possible we we're extremely sluggish to make the multi celled jump for instance.
Conceptually there are no major changes in MVC6. 99.99% of what you learn in V5 will be transferable.
Yeah, it's the android maps app it disappeared from.
If your learning asp then stay away from webforms. It's a dead end, deprecated library.
I wish the added something like states for huge empires. Something like colonial nations but with less autonomy.
And then they keep looking for a better job while they are there and the company has to pay turnover costs!
&gt;My dad made it perfectly clear that he will always have our best interests in mind and with that will always find better paying jobs to allow the family to have nice things and go on vacations Having best interests in mind != more money and nice things.
I don't think that's a bike lane, so I'd say the car has right of way.
So much wasted electricity!
C-C-C-Combo breaker!
&gt;Of course if our "mighty ally" starts to lose the line we will send some forces (maybe). By then it's too late.
It is now, I don't thinkg it is in your (older?) photo. Anyway, the car is stopped at a red light, so a bike would have right of way. If the car was moving it would have right of way*. *I think. They law really could be clearer/more consistent,
Just computing classes that teach about computers, not "how to write a letter in word".
Sourceforge? I guess this is my risky click of the day!
Don't you do a full clean/rebuild for releases anyway?
I studied when the course had switched to vb.net but the teacher hadn't updated all his course material from vb6. "Learning" was often just porting the teachers code.
Yay! Now I don't have to sort of pretend to tolerate Greg Bird, the cunt!
Hey, it's a [real university](http://www.anu.edu.au/)
Is there any other evidence found? Things like split rocks to clear a path?
That looks pretty good, leave southern cross at 6pm and arrive at 10pm, stay a couple of nights and leave sunday afternoon.
&gt; I've only ever been exposed to it once in my life, and that blissful 5 days I had approximately 0 complaints. That's like a Melbourne tourist saying public transport is great because the city circle took them everywhere!
&gt; Just like there was a "consensus" from the IPCC that AGW was increasing at an alarming rate until skeptics pointed out the 15-18 year pause and now the IPCC recognises it. [It has warmed](http://www.skepticalscience.com/global-warming-stopped-in-1998.htm) If your so correct than why did you have to be so deliberately misleading (by cherry picking) to make your case?
They think I deserve to spent eternity burning in hell. Calling them pedos is pretty fucking mild in comparison.
Yes. They are horrible people that believe in eternal torture, therefor I don't give two fucks about offending their sensibilities.
And jackdaws....
&gt; They genuinely don't want you to go to hell, you know? I've never met a priest who wants atheists to go to hell. How are they bad people? So they think god is wrong for sending me to hell then?
&gt; Yeah, unfortunately in the morning peakhour, that just doesn't work. I have to cross South-&gt;North over the Monash Freeway near Springvale. On what road? I can't see an 80Km road that cross the monash around there.
So if I don't convert they think I deserve to go to hell?
That's definitely a road where you should be taking the lane.
I cast silence for 99 turns!
Citation? Not tgat I think the popes opinion should carry any weight, just curious what he thinks the solution is.
Uppercase tags where quite common in the 90s, no idea why. I think frontpage produced upper case tags.
Without an ORM those devs are just going to write crappy sql manually. The project will end up with its own crappy half ORM. It will also be a lot harder for someone decent to optimize. N+1 problems are fairly trivial to optimize with am ORM but an absolute bitch when you have layers of repositories and shared queries.
Nuget won't automatically update your packages. When you install a package everyone is on the same version unless someone on your team updates it. Keeping up to date with library changes is just general maintenance and required with or without nuget.
[AAATest]( https://github.com/flukus/AAATest/blob/master/README.md) - a unit test framework that removes all the boring setup code. Edit -good idea for a thread, we should do these every so often.
Thanks, I'll wait for windows support to improve before I switch from gvim.
Maybe the top 1% of jobs (with matching pay) could expect this but it's far to much for most generic companies. It's also prevents you from hiring anyone with a job already.
Nice. Is there any way to filter which databases it is watching in the desktop version?
There was no real simulation in older sim city games.
Plus the time and effort it took to get a refund.
What physics does sim city even simulate?
Thinking of using it as a live profiler but I only care about a subset of databases on the server at any given time. I don't care about performance of other DBs that aren't my responsibility
&gt; on my bicycle at 7am, weaving in and out of traffic for 25 km with a 25 kg This is why I applied to be a postie recently. Got rejected though.
Why should the communities continue? How are they viable in future?
&gt; They got rid of all the 'druggies, crims and scumbags' When???
There is no exam anymore, it was a fairly standard application/interview. Signs of intelligence (my decade in software dev) was considered a negative.
So only emotional arguments then?
How does an ORM affect the schema being "human readable"?
Why are EF models being exposed over web api?
&gt; Not all do, but there are some ORM frameworks which create GUID or other odd generated based relations that make figuring out the relations painful. I'd never trust an ORM to create/update the database based of the model. It's just a stupid idea. &gt;Also, I have found performance issues with some ORM's because they generate the most insane queries .... and it can be very annoying to iron those issues out. I see this more often with stupid people than stupid ORM's, particularly with dynamic queries that sql sucks at.
&gt;why not try and wilfully actually help Help what? What is the goal? How will the communities ever be viable?
If they aren't that attached to their ancient culture then why are they trying to preserve it?
Logical ones, like "this is a growing community creating local jobs and export products that will be self sustaining in future".
&gt; What do you mean what is the goal? To allow what's left of Aboriginal Australia to try and live with some dignity and amenity, after all the deliberate and calculated harm that has been inflicted on them. Why do they need to do that in remote, unsustainable communities? How is extending their dependence on the rest of the country giving them money going to achieve that? &gt;To try and take a small step towards reparation in acknowledgement of the shameful and brutal treatment of Australia's indigenous population. Happy too. But there is a big difference between that and handing them a blank cheque to live wherever they want.
&gt; I can't see how displacing people from their ancestral homes and corralling them in communities with other families is a step towards aboriginal empowerment, though. Because those communities will always be remote and irrelevant. By keeping people there you are subjecting them to generations of more poverty. Helping them move to bigger cities with more employment and education options, along with better health care will do more to help them than anything else.
So you want more generations to grow up in poverty then?
They can keep living there if they want, without government money.
Wouldn't the matter and anti-matter annihilate each other and the black hole would disappear?
Why? That's what you want to consign them to isn't it? At least it's the outcome of what you want.
Your comments show a complete lack of understanding of the future of these communities which is eternal poverty. We can't change the past but we can change the future.
Providing a good user interface can still cut down usage errors and save lives. You can sleep well at night!
What's the difference between a wardrobe and a cupboard?
Yes, bad things happened in the past and we can't change that. It doesn't mean we should support futher generations living in poverty.
What happens to the mass though? If they turn from matter with mass into mass less particles wouldn't this also collapse(uncollapse??) the black hole?
Now I'm more confused than ever. Isn't mass a higs boson interacting with the gravity field?
Just the UI I think, similar to how you can filter on sql server profiler (with the correct 52 key combination).
[Rhino security]( http://www.hibernatingrhinos.com/oss/rhino-security) maybe? I only know of it, can't say much about it.
The end of subsidizing these communities and hopefully allowing the children from them to move to biggee towns/cities with better job, education and health care opportunities.
Aa a long time vin user, you kind of get uaed to that..
What is the ui for the linux/mac versions. If it's gtk/qt then there is no need for a windows specific UI.
&gt; Well what the fuck is a doctor supposed to do about a tooth abscess? Fix it. It's a medical problem after all.
No, you expect a hospital to have a range of specialists available.
Why is inside my mouth so different that it's an entire different profession and not considered medical care?
She isn't his kid, he just tried to adopt her.
Did Russia at leas colonize Siberia before America? Is there even any point to colonizing? They cant get any trade value.
I only discovered this last night, so far so good.
I think that chair is distributing the weight quite well.
I hope his contract specifies he's being paid in euros...
A modern, responsive site?
Will Malcolm limit FTTP customers to 12Mbps as well?
Should have started much earlier, like when they sank the rainbow warrior!
In this case he's right though. First home buyers shouldn't necessarily be buying a median house. A family on a median income shouldn't expect to be able to buy their dream house.
&gt; If your company is less than 100 people, it really doesn't make sense to have your own in house software department that you have maintain, etc. If your company is that small then it doesn't make sense to have custom software at all. The cost of maintenance is just to high.
Is it different or has the pattern simply evolved? GoF was released 20 years ago now.
&gt;Whatever its stated principles, GitHub is under immense pressure to be more than just a sustainable business. Why? Why can't github be happy being a sustainable business?
Poor people can't afford nice things. That isn't victim blaming it's how the world works 101.
If you'd ever tried to indent code with blogspot you'd have more sympathy!
That's not a bug, it's a feature!
&gt; Back in my parents day you bought 1 house after marriage and lived in it your entire life. A lot has changed since then. People tend to get married later and have kids later. Your parents also lived in a time that might come to be viewed as atypical, a quarter acre block in a major city certainly will be. &gt;I really don't like this idea of "moving up a ladder". Your feelings aren't going to do much to change it. Edit - smaller families too. You don't need a 3 bedroom house for 1/2 kids.
&gt; Can you make a more simplistic and inappropriate comparison? Like your original point was so thoughtful and detailed....
Banned from sale or banned completely?
$200,000 in damages. I predict Julia Gillard will be a billionaire by this time next year!
First home buyers aren't average.
&gt; Pointed out the ridiculousness of two persons claims. No you haven't. You've called them ridiculous but done absolutely nothing to point out why.
&gt; Geez, inwonder if thats related to house prices? Seeing as it's a general trend all over the developed world I'm going to assume it's largely unrelated.
&gt;One of those 400k flats? Yeah, sure. Why not?
I don't know about you, but we did learn a bit about the rum rebellion in Australia. I had a teacher that loved talking about it, to avoid detention we just had to get him started on his speech and he'd forget to punish you. Some of the articles seem quite suspect though: &gt;Two years later in the aftermath of Japan’s worst ever terrorist attack, all eyes turned to the groups activities in Australia and an earlier seismic event at the farm raised the question – did the cult also detonate a small-scale nuclear weapon in the Australian desert?
Area 51 has been a story for a while but's it's still just a crazy conspiracy theory.
They went from 1 seat to 1 seat in the house of reps and 9 seat to 10 seats in the senate!
&gt;Every single one of your comments is parroting of Joe's "get a good job" mentality. How so? I'm saying people need to lower expectations, not earn more money. &gt;Not once did you mention anything to do with negative gearing/capital gains, real estate speculation, unemployment/underemployment rates, etc. Nice simple world you live in. And not once have you thought that lowering expectations is one of those factors, the only one we can influence as individuals. BTW, I think you'll find that unemployment/underemployment are forcing house prices lower if anything.
They already do. The greens vote is more closely correlated with education levels than anything else (apart from age). It has long been written off as the "Doctors wives" vote.
Terrible article, they are generalizing about a whole continent from a single lock of hair. Then they say their is absolutely no doubt when there is [other evidence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lake_Mungo_remains) to suggest doubt.
And this is a real group in a real place, just the nuclear test is bullshit. The UFO connection is the only reason people know about area 51.
&gt;You are advocating "settle for what you can", no underlying problems here whatsoever. Go back to sleep Australia housing market is fine. Head in the sand, all is well. Nice straw man you've built there. &gt;&gt; I think you'll find that unemployment/underemployment are forcing house prices lower if anything. &gt; What planet do you live on? The one where unemployed people aren't buying homes and not putting inflationary pressure on house prices. Tell me how unemployment is increasing house prices?
Even that's a rather loose definition, they were british that got sent here. The concept of Australia took another 100 years.
Just because it hurts your feelings doesn't make it wrong.
