i remember reading he shot 91% but that mightve jsut been rockets series
these are both some really smart coaches
goddamn lebron is pushing off like crazy rn
it was a travel though
its one fucking quarter of one game just shut up
as far as i can tell the warriors beat the cavs last game
this is an ugly way to end the game
horrible horrible game by curry jesus. the plus is that this was just about as bad as he couldve played
i fucking love fesus ezeli
Age isn't the same as maturity
As far as I'm concerned he is
Nah that's you man
Explains Dwight too
The playoffs bring out the worst in these fools
They're in the finals why the fuck would he leave
there's a shit load of words that have multiple and opposite meanings. for example bad. "that dude bad" mean he good or some shit while it can also mean its original definition which is not good
its not a misuse if everyone's doing it. its also been used like that for hundreds of years too. it aint new. the only thing thats new is people complaining about it tryna feel superior bout some menial shit
ive said why its not a mistake. its not a mistake because people use it and people understand what you mean what you say it. Its not a mistake if a significant part of the population does it
thats not true either. dont take anything you learned in english class when it comes to language as truth. at best its preferences. english majors are not linguists. they are perfectly acceptable in aave for example and maybe other dialects that im unaware of as well
or because its a huge task with no feasible way to make it work. the asoiaf world is huge and representing it in game form in a way that stays true to asoiafs strengths while also being a good game that appeals to the fans is an impossible task practically
Ive explained why you wrong. youre wrong because thats not how it works. its not a mistake because you think it is. its not a mistake because people use it that way. thats how language works. if a significant portion of the language speaking population uses something someway it is automatically acceptable even if it wasnt before. thats how languages change. they dont change due to some prescriptivist rules declaring what is right and wrong, they change based on usage
which of course, isnt feasible
the fuck kinda proof do you want. do you expect them to link to cp?
you said that people using literally to mean anything not literal was a mistake in your eyes. im sayin thats not the right assessment. thats all im arguing. ive stated why i believe that and why the linguistic community believes that. thats all im gonna say
just wanted to say i love your shit man. ive listened to your album at least 100 times no lie its one of my favorite releases of the past few years. got a great sound and vibe cant wait to hear more from you
Big dick too
mr steal yo pick
thj isnt that good
our medical staff seems to be pretty good
recommend any good rnb you got. i tend to prefer higher pitched male voices like jeremih and august alsina
calm the fuck down you bein a real dick all over fuckin cody zeller lmao. not even kemba or mkg but cody zeller
yeah because that shit is impossible. 15lbs of pure muscle in a month is not possible. 15lbs total sure, you could probably gain that in a day, weight fluctuates so much
if he worked harder, he could be 6 feet by now!
battle of the bigmen
klay sucks tho amirite
this fucking offense is beautiful
who needs curry when u have clark
that was nasty af
check out iguodalas package tonight
they aint even that good
its why he grabbed dirk dick
just like your teams success
and made his FTs!
new rabsho confirmed
yes
I mean, he hits 3s at a great rate, can dribble drive, can post up a bit and obviously is an amazing passer. not a high volume scorer but he can do quite a bit on that end
nice pass by holmes
speights just made a shot game over
clark is a mini curry
new year new speights
team option i believe
its pretty lax from what i know, and im sure thats intentional. there isnt much benefit in trying to crack down on PED use imo
all i can do is laugh at this point
okay let me just call the fashion world and let them know
definitely but yrn was more impactful i think
i dont think you understand how hard it is to write books of this nature
he should of gotten it last season too but some dipshits left him off their votes completely
because they havent needed to lol
ARE YOU FUCKIN KIDDIN ME WHAT IS THIS GAME
im fucking done with this game cmon warriors make a fucking shot
curry is probably pissed at the team rn
to be fair, keef has still released a lot of (excellent) music despite the disappointment
no i think its noah shebib and drake is gonna be on swish and vice versa
idk i think we were contender tier the year we got iguodala but coaching held us back, though that may be contradictory
i havent had the chance to watch the suns since their collapse, why exactly are they so bad? they have some decent players
this game is fucking wild
they have been surprisingly fun to watch
and they have their coach
Honest was great, do people here really hate it?
anybody who bets against gsw hasnt been paying attention
maybe because hes an elite defender?
fuck it, its not bad to like one of the best players in the nba. i still like lebron and shit despite the mini-rivarly. nothing wrong with liking players. unless its chris paul of course
i think its just a matchup and how the other team defends. our bench units offense is generally not the best since there isnt much spacing so if they can contain the drive they usually suck
and people wanna crown him goat over MJ smh. MJ was fucking dominant night in night out in every aspect
mosgov pullin a delly
youd think hed fucking learn that systems matter after winning in miami
ian clark is fucking money personified
love is absolutely garbage at D. i would be fucking livid if i had to play with him
the cavs just need time to gel
well because love's d has been absolutely atrocious and he hasnt hit shit all game either. do you expect there to be positive comments about him?
i mean, he did drop the shoulder thats pretty unnecessary and excessive
youre just mad because the grizzlies still dont know the 3pter exists
dudes a red piller dont be surprised that he believes in oversimplified stupid bullshit
lol
shit like this is why iggy is and always will be one of my favorite players
thank jerry west for that
had a back injury
typical warriors flair displaying their mod powers with authoritarian might.
those miami jerseys are so dope. miami has dope jerseys
Miami has all around nice jerseys, these ones particularly so is that better
it couldve been like hours before the game maybe
any meal before a game could technically be a pregame meal
but at least you'll be ready with stomach full, when it does
and bosh knows how to play defense
jfc lol
hes actually been good at fts this year i think
by giving the people what they want?
no
just wanted to thank you yungsnuggie for being calm and rationally explaining this. it can be rough explaining these things to sensitive white people, i know
what the fuck is on olynyks face
its so good to see that man again
that out of bounds play is a thing of beauty
i love barbosa
i thought pau didnt like dantoni because of all the jumpers but he takes a lot on the bulls
wasnt the bogut on tony allen thing also suggested by someone not even on the coaching staff?
piana is kinda like the dj khaled of bodybuilding
&gt; before you're old enough to ~~get into a bar~~ ~~buy a car~~ be an NBA star
I think steph could usurp any 3pt related nickname at this point
Idk it looks like it to me
bogut is fucking amazing with those lead passes
its the rising stars game dude who cares
you obviously dont watch many warriors games, or at least dont pay attention. saying draymond gets most of his assists from 4 on 3 PnR situations is just flat out wrong, yet that trope persists for some reason
Maybe he really took the criticism to heart
no man clearly he just doesnt practice enough! we all know nba players are lazy and never work on their game!
this makes it look like some sort of dance or ritual
They have a Lebron James, my friend. Hes good for at least one win alone. And they still have two other star players. I can easily see Cavs taking two games but not much more
It wasn't sarcastic, they really do have him.
you just mad cuz u got shit steez
the problem is its really fucking hard to build a team that is both elite defensively and offensively. its easy to say how to guard em or beat em in theory but actually getting the right personnel to execute that style of play is easier said than done
he probably cut weight to preserve his body. lots of players lose weight when they get older to be easier on the joints and what not
And my point is that while the cavs and blazers may be able to keep up offensively, they don't have the defenders necessary
something that usually comes with age, but he should definitely be further along by now
You can also say over exaggerated to emphasize how exaggerated it is
youre right i wasnt thinking about those things at the time of the comment but she definitely is pretty bad. I dont think as toxic or vitriolic as trump but still
GET A FUCKING REBOUND
i dont think we have a rebounding "problem" per se, just inconsistency and lineups
can reddit go one day without being racist? no. can reddit go one post without complaing how pointing out racism is the real racism? no. calling out racism is not a grab for karma on this shithole of a website
why dont you actually watch the games before being outraged then
because everyone knows pointing out racism is the real racism amirite
because you werent looking for them
And its up to the coaches to stop the players from reverting to those bad habits. Thats what separates the good from the great imo
not a very good defender either. loses his man offball and not the best fighting through screens. decent onball D tho
steph has really on just started complaining. and he doesnt really whine that much, just complains to the ref quickly and gets back on O/D
i respect your hatred but dont even try and pretend its objective dude. you tryna psychoanalyze LeBron based on less than a minute of basketball play
Youre ignoring the fact that its way easier to kill yourself with a gun than anything else. And that guns serve literally no purpose other than to kill things. Dont give me the "theyre just tools! people kill people!" bullshit either.
You cant just "negotiate a better functioning economy"
I honestly think Barnes would benefit from a higher usage. He doesn't really get that many touches, shooting or not. I feel if they integrated him into the offense a bit more he could get a better rhythm, but likely at the detriment to Curry and Klay's scoring
Because of the indirect consequences. I dont know about SK, but Japan doesnt even want nukes anyway so why force it on them? Japan knows better than most anyone the horrors of nuclear bombs. You seem to be operating under the philosophy/principle of "why not?" rather than "why?", which I dont really think holds water in this case, especially when you have such disregard for the implications of such actions
I think other commenters have clarified those points well enough, so Ill just summarize: basically it would raise tension in East Asia, and why do that for seemingly no benefit?
or do they become top assistants because they are on the staff of a good coach????
because theres more to evaluating talen/skill than box score stats
And Carl Landry
I dont think theres an easy or obvious answer to that, which is why I think its best we not give them nukes. Nuclear weapons are far too dangerous for uncertainty
dont forget us loyal poor people!
Probably because being apart of a discriminated and targeted class leads them to more radical ideologies.
Same goes for race
Curry doesnt complain as much as the others imo. Hes started to complain more, and im sure hell get there with time, but for a superstar hes actually pretty non-whiny.
id just say fuck it and celebrate with em, fuck the consequences
everybody makes excuses when they lose. Nobody wants to fault themselves for their failures lol
It gets exacerbated during the playoffs though
not sure i follow?
As will the quality of the PEDs
Dwight is clearly bigger and leaner than Kendrick perkins lol. In fact, Dwight is bigger and leaner than 95% of NBA players
RIP
And so will I my friend
to be fair i think all perkins is old man perkins. Celtics perkins looks a bit bigger yeah, but his delts definitely get trumped by dwights. And dwights long head of the bi's is clearly more developed too.
No its exactly true
Fitz can be a homer but overall theyre not that biased really
Ezeli doesnt really have that kinda personality
Depends on the injury obviously. There are more than a few injuries that can be played on while requiring surgery, without the risk of further injury.
Because it was a fluke. u really think the milwaukee bucks are comparable to the warriors? And i dont even mean disrespect to the bucks, theyre a nice young team
Why cant you just let him be both?
pretty liberal with the word punch there
thats why i said for the most part. There is no one root cause for homophobia, but I dont think most people read the bible/quran and take away from it that they should hate gays. Rather, they are uncomfortable with the idea of homosexuality and use the book to justify their feelings. Its a pretty common human phenomenon
enjoy your corn and lack of diversity
LeBron legit used to be one of my favorite players too, this whole situation has been really disappointing
Theyre putting ads on jerseys
I mean me neither, but nothing we say over the internet is gonna change anything
No just that he didnt necessarily get it from religion, it couldve been cultural, a personal experience etc...
You could be right, im just hesitant to blame religion because I feel like humans tend to come their views then find things to justify them rather than the other way around. Id be interested to read any sort of study or academic discussion on this, because im far from an expert
holy shit i got up for like 2 minutes and both teams scored
fencing
hes a philly fan, he needs *something* to be passionate about
not in 2013 tho
thats more his floor than his ceiling imo. Hes almost Al Jefferson now
I think humans are responsible for violence and will use whatever means they can to justify it. And by associating the act of violence with religion, youre also associating it with the millions of followers who arent violent and radical.
"Radical Islam" is overbroad. "Radical Islamisim" is more accurate, as most of the terrorist groups subscribe to some form of Islamism
To back up the Buddhist point, in Medieval japan there was an enitre class of Buddhist Warrior monks
&gt; Stop saying Islam is not a race, you know that people use the word racism to indicate bigotry nowadays. He says it pretty clearly right there. Racism basically means the same thing as bigotry now, quit moving the goalposts.
what, youve never been raided in your own home by steppe hordes? must live a nice privileged life
Who isnt lol
Ive seen this before but I dont quite get it, could you explain?
then theyre fucking babies man veggies n shit are delicious
You need RES and there should be a button by their name
hes a cool guy i guess but he sucked for us
Your just moving the goalpost of racism. You dont have to be a card carrying member of the KKK to be considered racist. Saying that you have black friends doesnt absolve you from racism. Im not trying to say you are racist, since I obviously know nothing about you, but typically if you have to defend yourself as being not racist, you probably are, unknowingly or otherwise
Jesus dude one great game doesnt change the fact that he plays limited minutes and is super foul prone. I love Bogut, but in the playoffs his role is significantly limited compared to the regular season. Not to say we wont miss him, but we can play just fine without him
I interpreted it as a place that has a lot of gun violence, but I dont actually know if thats true for Detroit. I know it is for Chicago though, obviously
get off the internet and go outside
emphasis on old. we have no idea if he still feels that way or uses that kind of language
Nothing
Nobody mocked them for being injured dumbass
Thompson is BAE
Well hopefully kerr will play speights over varejao next game
exactly, the nba wanted love out so the cavs could win!!11!
yeah in a perfect world maybe but NBA refs clearly dont officiate that way, playoffs or otherwise.
because haters will latch on to anything to hate
id be too, especially with varejaos shit ass getting playtime over him
its speculation though
yeah in theory but what defense does he really provide
well you should ;)
Yeah i have absolutely no respect for a man who tries to not injure himself. Take those ankle injuries like a real man!!
Well he knows that the change can happen, but hes asking what catalyzed/promoted it
Just wondering, what kind of skills and experience would you need to do that kind of work?
There is no science to suggest you can target different parts of the quad, its all bro science
how could you do this to us
[This flow chart should help](http://imgur.com/vOqIYVZ)
Or maybe people are actually being racist and sexist. Overtness isnt the barometer for whether something is offensive or not
apparently not you
edgy
like i said earlier, you dont need to be overtly racist to be racist. just because someone isnt saying the n word and wearing a white hood doesnt mean their not racist. you people move the goalposts so that you dont have to admit that you are bigots
or maybe people could just stop saying racist and sexist shit
ironic isnt it?
yeah its me who has the problem, not the bigots. good call my man
Yeah we should just allow people to say racist and sexist shit then because its not harmful at all and the real harm is the le censorship!!!
freedom of speech isnt freedom of consequence. Yeah im the real asshole for saying not to say racist things. fuck me right. jfc
the difference is my words arent hurting anybody. saying racist things do hurt people
Thats exactly what happened
yeah i know thats my whole point. if someone personally doesnt find something offensive that doesnt mean they can speak for everyone
lol how am i butthurt? all im saying is people have the right to be offended if they want to and its not up to others to tell them they cant. Youre just arguing against the strawman sjw rather than what im actually saying. I never said you cant say something, just that you shouldnt and if people dont like what you say they have every right to voice that displeasure. if you think thats censorship than youre a bigger pussy than me. (Also note im only talking about hateful and bigoted language, nothing else)
damn really? i love future but i hate his verse on this. its just generic, seems out of place and adds nothing to the song imo
i agree in theory i just thought he came weak af
damn thatd actually be a pretty dope show
yeah all you need is one decent defender to defend the 2x MVP, gimme a break u hater ass
thats gonna happen from either side either way stfu
because your original one was so much moreso. and bay area traffic is bad because people actually wanna live here, unlike indiana
id probably like it on a different song, i just feel like its out of place
In a scabbard?
ill take the diversity of the bay over anywhere else anyday
[Not the same, but in similar vein](http://bottomforhillary.com/).
Too white
Yeah but they do and ignoring them doesn't fix these problems. Thats your privilege showing
Not it fucking isnt dude, racism is institutional here in the US. Those problems *will not* go away by ignoring them. You can just put people through 300 years of slavery and discrimination and expect things to be hunky dory
the narratives are fun but they should never supplant the actual game
lebron has once in a generation genetics though
I dont disagree, but Lebron has some factors in his favor as well is all im sayin
Agreed, but they should not become more important than just the fun of watching insanely talented and athletic humans do insane things with their balls
Im not gonna stand by and let people say racist and sexist things, whether it accomplishes anything or not.
In your opinion. You do not decide what other people can find offensive
Ill take the genetics, my mom has done more than enough for me, but thats just me and thats not even the point i was trying to make.
Ferjao
It would be pretty cool that the first woman president wins unanimously tho
Well yeah, cavs depth is shit
Big if true
Save it for after to celebrate or drown your sorrows
Or speights
And varejao
STFU
I think theres combat overhaul mods if you wanna try those, but Im not sure how much they change it
Damn this is amazing. I hate overly yellow stuff and this might just be what I need to finish it
begrudgingly
Hes barely a major figure, his only major accomplishment is running a mediocre campaign for president. And not to mention, Bernie isnt even a Democrat. Im not gonna bend over backwards to try and welcome that guy or his followers when they havent done shit for the party. If they wanna come on board fine, but if theyre gonna play coy and make me work for it ill tell em to fuck off because its bigger than Bernie. Plus im just a random dude on the internet its not my job to get these people on board.
.35%
honestly noah is such a perfect fit I dont see how we dont get him
&gt; but the universities will have to raise entry requirements because there's limited space available
Okay but why not? You think colleges are just gonna magically have unlimited spaces for people?
Seriously. I dont think i wouldve been nearly as heartbroken if we only even won 72 games even. But now our greatest regular season of all time is just a trivia fact and that depresses me. Heres to another chip next year tho
I think he meant because of his size
And al jefferson? the dude cannot play a lick of defense
&gt; I made a mistake How is that not taking responsibility?
Honestly if this trade goes through Id hate Adam Silver forever, and would even consider stopping following the 6ers if I was a fan
nah, we desperately need a good bigman esp if we go after KD. i like this move
And for no discernible good reason to boot
its a small subset of them that exist only on the internet
Sadly I think most people just dont care about the Natives one way or the other since theyve been pushed so far out of sight
Young people grow up with new technology, information, nutrition, education etc... so yeah they really do tend to be smarter
Then why hasnt he done it yet
The Nuggets seem to be a pretty well run team in general. Always make quality draft picks, solid coaching hires etc.
shaw was a good hire in theory at least
i was thinking the same thing but i couldnt decide if that was just because of the armsleeve lol
the difference is this time their young
nobody gives a fuck
but people shit on harrison barnes for exactly the same thing. that being said I completely agree
He could be a great slasher but he definitely isnt yet. He has very poor touch and handles
And an above average rebounder, lead the league in steals etc...
Except she said she doesnt support the TPP (though she support free trade in general which is what I suspect you have issue with)
their young are the roster
She said she would reserve judgment until the full agreement came out and when it did, she specified the parts with it she disagreed with.
Ive never really heard it that way but ill trust you
If corey brewer can play in the NBA so can Ingram
Yeah and once it was finalized she said she disagreed with some aspects of it. Those arent really contradictory.
when you cant blow by kevin love you know somethings up
Thats not really flip-flopping though, its just changing her opinion as time goes on, and in a pretty consistent way too based on the quotes given. A lot of people consider that flip-flopping but to me flip-flopping is saying one thing, changing your mind, then saying the original thing again, within a small time frame. This is just her view changing over time.
I support the TPP so I hope she goes back on it (although it will probably go through during Obamas tenure) so it doesnt bother me. And thats just a cynical way of looking at it. I have no issue with people changing their minds if they are presented with better/more information. Of course some people will change for political reasons, but to assume that all change of hearts are of a political nature is just overly cynical. Politicians are people too and I believe the majority of them really do want whats best for the country and their constituents.
i know
Hook shots are not hard at all. The Skyhook is hard, but regular post hooks are not difficult
youre a shitty person
why are you arguing over semantics?
or donald trumps
We get it buddy you hate women now fuck off
&gt; I think everyone can agree on making government spending much more efficient This is just a "no shit" saying with no real meaning though. Would anyone actually campaign on the promise that they would make government spending more inefficient?
Ive only heard Muva Russia and I liked it quite a bit, what else would you recommend?
And let us be thankful of that
tbh i wouldnt even leave his own daughter alone with him. He has said some sus things about her
big dick dray is the classic
so have him guard the SGs and get a SG who can guard point guards
We have the nastiest women
To watch huge people do crazy shit
he really does have alzheimers
nothing good can come from letting 16 year olds vote.
You mean neo nazis.
what ever happened to watson? I thought he was doing pretty okay filling in last year
Theres no America without the help of the French!
and the geopolitical crises caused by said tweets
these people want us to wait for the genocide to start before we can fight back. fucking appeasers
why not? its clear the admins would rather side with the neonazis then grow a pair so might as well let them reap what they sow
i mean sarcasm is a type of irony
i agree
&gt; if he flipped the superdelegates which was literally a pipedream
Its not a dribble. Steps dont count while the dribble is live and he keeps it live very late like the OP said
At least we hate people for their ideas instead of their skin color or gender like the GOP
As much shame as blowing a 3-1 lead in the WCF and losing the best player your franchise (and the franchise you stole) has ever had?
3s
Maybe they would finally believe us if we started lying? Its clear they have no respect for the truth or basic fact
or the neighbor can quit being such a massive whiny pussy
what the fuck are you even talking about
Nah its not necessary. Its a nice little teaser but not a whole lot of new or important information.
hes wrong tho so idk what hes even talking about. meme used to be a biology thing that described sort of "trends" of behavior. then it got used to mean funny internet "in-jokes". Now people use it to mean any funny image on the internet. I dont really care how people use it because im not a filthy prescriptivist like the douche above
[Snowden is a fucking traitor](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-fable-of-edward-snowden-1483143143) not a "whistleblower". WikiLeaks is obviously just pro-Russian propoganda at this point. They are very comparable
WikiLeaks has never been ethical or moral. They dont give a fuck. All they like to do is throat putin
yeah but the issues have been more or less recognized since beta. the issues are with design not numbers, and massively changing a classes design mid xpac isnt precedented AFAIK
yeah but hes ray romano isnt a game dev so its ok
"Who will think of the white men" says the white man in a country run by white men
theyre not nazis! they just happen to share the same voting patterns as nazis!
Well you would be fucking wrong
you are profoundly ignorant
kamala is bae
or his rookie year when he hit the game winner against the LeBron heat team
nobody questioned his ability to develop players. It was his x and os and playcalling that left people wanting
Thats not the attitude he has its the attitude i have
and its usually the lakers
every professional athlete is on peds
as an altoholic this pleases me
or they didnt cut like half the content. i really wanted that karabor storyline dammit
and he had literally no answer
not even half the season and its almost an hour. got damn
by using their language youre letting them set the framework for discussion
Youre a druid, just use travel form
no you were right the first time
this is the same principle i applied to learn how to do the spock hand thing
maybe you would be more successful if you didnt create machiavellian schemes to try and get women. the people who have the most success are the ones who are the most nonchalant.
I said be nonchalant not non-caring. They are similar but not quite the same. Basically just be bool balm and bollected. Remember above all that women are *regular people*. Just talk to them like you would anyone else. When you plan shit out you just pigeonhole women into "possible mate" and they can usually smell that shit a mile away.
ironically the only thing he hasnt been doing well this season
just dont go on the subreddit
Phil Jackson is beside himself. Driving around downtown NY begging (thru texts) Rose's family for address to Derrick's home
It was definitely like that in BC. Cant speak for Wrath since I only played Survival then (rip old SV)
black people have been taking advantage of our legal system ever since the fugitive slave act !
Not just slavery but European colonialism and imperialism.
So call them and tell them you support their opposition
the real world operates under scooby doo rules and everybody knows it
Eventually?
at least bill clinton didnt pay russian whores to pee on him
Thats easier, other people already did the work for you!
yeah but klays puttin up 12 blunts
If we have to lose, id rather it be them than cavs or spurs. shake things up and harden would probably have a crazy finals
Many smart people are saying that he was in fact pissed on.
damn i was way off. i was somewhere in southeast asia
we gave them cheap affordable college and they hit us with this shit?!?!
kd is a clown
on my first watch i totally didnt remember this song when I saw the jingle. When i rewatched it, it made me laugh my ass off. the burger remix was really well done and i hope to see more food related remixes of gregs songs
tbf its been heavily foreshadowed
No its ignorant because it's factually wrong
Voting 3rd party is just virtue signaling.
Bigotry has no place on a college campus. Milo can fuck right off, the pos scam artist
source?
try again sweetie, black isnt a race ^^^/s
Actually the system was there so to protect the voting power of southern states without having to enfranchise black people/slaves
you do realize the han dynasty was like 2000 years ago right?
if this happened id convert
ty lue with the classic mjax face and lack of TO
I got it the other day after not having logged on my druid for months. Its the only one I have though
they better be scared of playoff barnes!
did you watch the game? his shot selection was atrocious
Because he did nothing of use or importantance with those 30 years in Congress
Bernie isn't even a democrat
eh ill take what we can get
"as a prospective stem major"
I like to think of it as a continuum between masculinity and femininity
but its my god given right to say the n word!
i probably identify with amethyst the most but pearl is the best
so you know what prescriptivism is and you still subscribe to it even though its completely wrong?
I just got a legendary on my DH yesterday from a treasure in Stormheim and ive never done any Mythic+s on that char lol
Legendaries having good stats isnt the problem. its that some legendaries have effects that should be baseline or a talent thus making the spec feel "incomplete" without the legendary
Some of this sounds unfeasible. I wish they could call them outirght liars but I think that could open them up to libel suits, especially with how much donalds hates the media
how do you spell "mutually-beneficial contract"? ^^/s
you got me my main healer is a druid
Nah just alternative
The only thing worse than a nazi is someone who tries to stop them
yeah because you live in a state that doesn't purposefully make it hard to obtain one
you mean freedom eagles arent saved forever? another failure of the weak obama administration. sad!
he was on pace to surpass obama. hypocrite
idk. sarcasm and satire isnt inherently lowbrow. its often a great way to point out hypocrisy or the ludicrousness of a statement while also being humorous, and thus more likely to stick the with audience. i think sarcasm can be a useful rhetorical tool, although it runs the risk of coming across as smug in some instances
or maybe theyre just playing a nice game of pickup basketball
That's cute. You really think they bathe?
This underlies an important point in fighting fascism:mockery and emasculation. Fascists are all fragile digsusting dude bros with no penchant for reason. They fashion themselves to be much tougher then they really are because they know deep down they are huge whiny pussies. Making fun of them, especially in emasculating ways, is the easiest way to rile them up and tear down their facade, while also keeping public opinion on your side. The fact that so many of us celebrate Richard Spencer getting punched i think illustrates that to an extent as well
not to say that people are lying per se, but i feel like depression has become a meme of sorts. its really weird
good DHs are of course good but from my experiences healing, a lot of DHs dont understand their class that well
its so they become too scared to speak their vile shit in public. the only thing thess cretins respond to are base emotions like fear.
i use worldquest group finder and it makes them quite trivial. that being said, getting to darkbrul arena is a huge pain in the ass.
I mean with the stuff going on in Ulduar and with the old gods id imagine thats coming soon
Seriously. Odyns been up to some serious fuckery this xpac
Well i play a DH so i dont need the gliders but ill have to start doing this
tbf the early 2000s was the era of dicks and egos
Damn LeBron is making me love him again. fucking savage
but she was personally anointed by (((DWS))) and the DNC
ancoms and leftcoms have good memes
America's primary education system is shit. You succeeded in spite not because of
but can u imagien how much butter lebron would be if he've went to college for 2 years???
??? that happened after this play
And that doesnt excuse repeatedly using a racist epithet
Mike Brown i think actually gives us an advantage in the series because he'll ride the starters for more minutes than Kerr usually would
you decadent bourgeois scum
&gt; They enjoy shooting screws into sheet metal such noble savages the factory workers are
its cuz they still vote for Rs who wanna fuck em
America isn't necessarily more right or left, we just have a much less representative government. Leads to more polarization and generalizations
yes someone think about the poor oppressed menz
*Gender* is a social construct
&gt; Its a list of her not giving a direct answer to a simple question Its not a simple question and there isnt always simple answers
none of those are socialist. they are welfare capitalist
fake it till you make it?
lol
Everybody knows decisions only get sent to the president if theyre simple
&gt; itt people who only know one thing about waters and that's that she yells about trump a lot good enough for me tbh
Its different because Obama never did a single thing to warrant so much vitriol. Trump has made the American people his enemy. He shouldn't be surprised when we return the favor
did a child make that?
I think he's probably out of-touch/tone-deaf rather than indifferent or actively malicious. Binders full of women was a funny gaffe but, hey at least he was trying
pluralism was a mistake
I would if i wasnt a college student in a super liberal college town
nah
He also has some of the best basketball shoulders of all time
I mean, his diplomacy was pretty good
reddit is centre-left
easy to say when youre an ivory tower liberal elite
I got Progressive somehow. Economic: 61-39 Diplomatic: 30-70 Civil: 67-33 Society: 9-91
god he really is easily-triggered
nah neocons suck. you can be pro-intervention without being a neocon (presuming that's why you like it)
Dude WoWs been out since 2004
I think Nurkic will be good for them. Turner is more questionable
We'd love to have you on the Dem side! We need someone to counter the economic populism arising in the left ($15 min wage, insistence on single-payer etc..)
sounds like decadent bourgeois materialism to me
why do you hate the global middle class???
i was being sarcastic lol. we agree 100%
Steph is a solid shooter, but excellent at threes
Nah fuck it. Dont let tribalism get in the way of your enjoyment. I want the warriors to absolutely annihilate the Cavs but I still appreciate LeBrons greatness and his amazing plays
\&gt; reasonable \&gt;socialist pick one
They cant be that amazing if they dont even recognize sarcasm
the concept (((of))) winning was created (((by))) global zionists
At least they can speak English
You havent?
Why do you hate the global deceased?
&gt;worked for Mao Eh not really
this is why trump won . Us upper middle class white males are sick of losing and being ignored
Im pretty sure Flynn has already flipped
??? Thats not really relevant. If he flipped it would be privately to the FBI not in an open hearing or something
The only people who supported that live in St Petersburg
They denied his request for immunity. Just because he hasnt testified yet doesnt mean he wont
Bernie didnt have a shot at winning because he was a bad candidate
Maybe they should stop being so miserable and focus on fixing their own states then
Enemy. She supports Assad ffs
I see youre very pro idiotic buzzwords though
I can see it be relaxing, but fun is an overstatement
Not sure about now, but im pretty sure there have been creationists in congressional science committees
Would have? He did
D'OH ED MALLOY
no, but are we just gonna wait around until there are???
tbf if he learned to play D like bosh he would be significantly more valuabe
while youre right, lavar is a bit more than just supportive. hes a bit domineering, but you cant deny he wants whats best for his children
not sure what you mean, was it sarcastic?
nah russians are pretty much villains, or more specifically the Russian government
&gt; may have influenced the vote Not may, did.
he personally sparked and stoked the violence of the cultural revolution.
Hillary lost because of unprecedented foreign interference in our election. Everything else is secondary at best
Just like bernie
Maddow and others were on that back in like February
Is life imprisonment that much better than execution? Prolonged suffering is ethical but execution isnt?
Its basically an extreme version of theredpill, if you are misfortunate enough to know what that is. Theyre basically the nazis of misogyny
&gt; Speciecism for example is a controversial one Could you elaborate a bit? Do you just mean improved/increased animal rights? Or is there a hidden neanderthal enclave that i've been missing out on this whole time?? Sorry if this seems concern trollish lol, but im genuinely curious
as a math major, i relate to this so much
I mean, its not like its easy to kill ten people, despite how lethal firearms are. Medical technology and the amateurishness of most mass shooters significantly reduces the lethality of non-targeted shooting but that doesn't mean firearms aren't more lethal than other common forms of weaponry. Reducing the amount of rounds a shooter could fire continuously could be significant in reducing death counts in the aberrant mass-shooting. That being said, this is just speculation and not data-based so I could be wrong
People always support shit in theory but never in practice.
Its also important to consider the relative size and homogeneity of European countries when considering this. America is huge af and pretty diverse so its hard to extrapolate
theyre the most lethal in terms of readiable availability, so yeah sorta.
&gt; He is the goddamn ~~Penguin~~ trashman! ftfy
he wont be in office long enough
recognizing problems is easy, anyone can do it. Its significantly harder to solve them
mass-murdering dictator apologia is never okay
dictators btfo
They just wanted to see how its done first hand! Just like how alex jones needs to first hand test Marijuana to measure its potency
I'm surprised there isn't more crossover tbh.
didnt he already do that with the tapes?
It would probably depend on the matchup, but Isaac doesnt look thicc enought to play the 4 yet
&gt; bash the cash what are you, a commie?
Stalin tried to team up with the Nazis first
[Yeah commies never side with the fascies](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Molotov%E2%80%93Ribbentrop_Pact)
&gt; Chinese culture was incompatible with Democracy tbf ive seen lots of Chinese people say the same thing. its obviously stupid but there is sentiment amongst the Chinese that they need a strongman because the Chinese people are too "weak" to govern themselves.
its more like you succ all the defenders in because they want to attack your poor D
didnt she just come out in favor of it too? disappointing.
makes sense; i figured it was a pragmatic move.
he campaigned as a socdem but his personal sympathies lie with socialism
none of that is socialist
