What kind of scissors are those? They seem nice.
I think these could be great games if they focus less on the story. Or do a better job than the first one.
I dont watch twitch, but whats so wrong with it?
If you can get it cheap it's worth it for the exclusives. Ive also spent a ton of money on PS1 and PS2 games, so be cautious of that if you get one.
I think to open bottles. Like beer bottles or old cokes.
E3 is a miserable place to be. I dont blame him.
Ooph. People are saying no nemisis system either. That was basically the whole game.
This is great news, but Ill probably be watching Greg Millers crew.
A nukeakakey.
Ill check it out next.
Animated series are pretty expensive though. I wouldnt be surprised if cartoon network scoops them up.
Game of Thrones has been pretty boring this year. Korra really deserves it.
I used to do that like once a week. I know I fucked up when Boy Meets World wasnt on tv.
You didnt show the Full House clip. 0/10
But we also made a Top Gear. And a new season of The Inbetweeners. People of the world we're sorry.
I dunno I think it's only remembered fondly because Matt and Trey was in it.
The top middle looks like dude who played Louies dad and uncle.
Or they could buy it?
Did you even read the article? Lol
Home Improvement kid&gt;
And JJs reign was the golden era of the recap. People shit on him but he seemed like a really creative dude.
Now kill AHWU please.
So does that mean Joel's officially a disney princess?
Achievement Hunter is taken over by Smosh Games. Let the cringe begin.
Jontron's going to be announced as Rays replacement. Let the shit posting begin.
Didnt they have a failed kickstarter? If so then they talked about them for a big chunk of the podcast.
I couldnt find the podcast where gavin talks about that guy, but I did find the one where they talk about the kickstarter. It's episode 305 at about 32:30. Im not saying I believed he did it, was just curious where it came from.
It might have to do with them not following through witch their kickstarter, since they just made a film with the help of crowd funding.
i heard he smells funny too
Id lick his neckbeard.
BEARS le so funny XD
One of the cringeyest guys on the internet. Just look up comletionist videos from two months ago and back, and youll see. The completionists newer videos without him arent half, though.
Im pretty sure he only did it so when someone with half a brain watches the video, and looks at the comments they dont realize it's complete bullshit.
Roy? The challenge finder?
Me and my friends used to do this all the time. He has to be logged into your account when downloading.
Damn. Why do yall like to see this stuff? Just wait til the movie comes out, and be surprised.
When she was confessing, I wanted to lick taste those fat tears and laugh. But during the walk of shame I wanted to get a machine gun and blast the crowd.
"I want a game, thats not a game" Dude, youre at a games conference.
Aaaaand iiiiiiii HOLY SHIT wiiilll alwayyyys love youuuu
And they thought the sales was bad last time.
I think it wouldve been a perfect august game.
Where do I download the 360 games? I see them no where.
Madcatz is sweatin hard now. I just hope MS adds a turbo button.
Well, that stinks. I was hoping to replay Red Dead again.
Id honestly rather have another game than a new season, if its as good as Stick of Truth.
I imagine itll just end up people chasing the captain around the ship like a fool for a couple minutes. None of my xbox friens will go quietly into the night.
Its such a ridiculous argument, its almost like I was being sarcastic.
Yeah, thanks!
The Scranton Strangler is a pretty dope name.
I havent seen or read his review, but I thought it was an awesome movie. Granted I was really stoned, so that might affect my opinion.
