The german issue?
I know, but why would that matter whatsoever? No one is would think it's "Windows No" and it would be "Window Neun" anyways for germans.
Hmm. I was hoping I could punch in my w7 CD key into some Win10-o-mat and get out a windows 10 key.
damnit videos like this always make me want to shoot a gun
How dare you ask people to report toxic players! Seriously, /u/riotlyte pls?
huh?
Because seven ate no.
Were done here, this thread is over. You win reddit for the day.
To bad it still links there now, hah
Really? If you see [A] you think "Oh, that must be Austria!". AUT is the proper way to abbreviate Austria.
I find it incredibly easy. Knock. Knock. Who's there? Some guy. Some guy who? Some guy tried to set himself on fire.
Don't remember it for the earlier ones but for GTA 5 it's 4 stars.
http://i.imgur.com/S4hTFRz.jpg?1
You're right, it does make sense.
Don't have to tell me, I was agreeing with your use of AUT instead of just A. I guess the license plate code is right but eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh
You're an idiot. And you're falsely assuming I'm from the USA. I'm from AUSTRIA. And AUT is standard 3 letter country code for Austria. You're wrong.
All day, mate
Have you guys though about making the frames toggle-able? Honestly I would probably hide them if I could to get more screen space available to the see the game rather than a background for my UI
When you close your eyes and think really hard, do you remember that not everyone is from Europe and even if they were, that just [A] is really not obviously specific enough? An American see's the A tag it means exactly NOTHING to them, but if they actually know 3 letter country codes, AUT does.
Either you've spent enough time in Europe to be used to the A tags or you're full of shit, either way you're still wrong.
&gt;Happy to talk about any flaws the system might have. I tried, never got a response. I've had people call me idiot, bitch, even nigger and we're reported by multiple people, yet none of them we're banned
Alright, I'm done, can we have the mods back?
That is if you assume that everyone gains and losses the exactly same amount of MMR
Mine was betting with my best friend at the time who could eat 4 cheeseburgers faster. He had to wax his legs cause he lost.
Haha, nice
Did they win or?
haha
haha, nice
If anything I'd put the insurgent up there.
"nearly 11 Million"
Sorry but all I read is "I had to pay over $1,000 to actually get a decent amount of viewers" :/
Obviously? It's not much wider than a normal car, and normal cars have plenty of space to spare in there.
Exactly. It's pretty obvious. He knows it too, that's why he does them at random times.
Was about to post it, hah
Now kiss
How can Annie level 1 just run in and spam Q on me in the middle of my minions and I can't do shit back? That would NEVER work if I tried it, but when the bronze idiot on the other team does it, it just works. Edit: She also autoattacked and had full minion aggro.
I just decided that I will play only Twitch jungle until I hit gold ( currently Silver IV ). That is all.
I own both the insurgent and the Pegasus version. It's really not that much wider
It was just so disappointing. I see this guy run into minions and just tank them straight up and I kite away as best as I can and just can just ignore the minions and flash Q ignite me and I die. literally nothing I Could've done but stay under tower, like WTF?
I know it's wider but not extremely.
Busy. And I totally care enough to waste time on this. You wanna disprove it then go take the screenshot yourself.
So on you for making the claim that it's much wider, right?
Except I don't care. Lol
I did the same with my bro's computer. He was not happy.
http://euw.op.gg/summoner/userName=Team%20Builder What can I improve?
You misunderstood his question. He's asking if gromp poison will reset cassio E
http://www.lolking.net/guides/343591 This was literally on front page of this sub yesterday I like playing this build.
I backed off so she flash q ignited.
It was literally the first thing that happened.. ._.
How.. I have self taught myself a decent amount of programming over the last years and I don't know what to do.
