OR HAS IT NOT GONE TOO FAR ENOUGH?!1?
all the office will belong to u
it would be weird to be a dog. it would be like being just as horny as you were from ages 14 to, well, ever since, but you have to live in this amazing magical world and you can't comprehend how to interface with the internet to look up porn, and even if you could, the humans would be videotaping your triumph and putting it on the internet. its no wonder dogs resort to pillows, pillows are all they have
i recommend it
don't worry i will hack you back in time
tyler doesn't seem to post much
Ah ha! See a professional office is exactly the kind of place I think about hanging them.
Dammit tyler
yeah, schadenfreude is pretty much the name of that post. its just what i found when I googled items over the last year.
&gt; /r/conspiracy how... is... /r/conspiracy not actually a satire sub? I mean, really?
Well I've got you tagged as 'ALLEGEDLY INTERNET WOMAN' so I'm similarly withholding judgement until all the facts are in.
I've been partial to /r/ilerminaty
wow blatant ilerminaty
Of all the states, I'm the least sure of the existence of CT relative to all the others. Like, ok i'm sure its really an actual place and everything, but it seems sort of plausible that its all just really one big hoax.
*Ahem,* observable universe. If you do not share a [light cone](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Light_cone) with bernie sanders, you are physically incapable of knowing of him, let alone taking him seriously.
i am reasonably sure you are in fact cabbage, but that doesn't have much to do with conspiracy :)
I bet you're saucy.
I love accelerators getting a new small molecule crystallography beamline at the ALS gonna be so good
the soccer games get me every time... until the player wraps itself into a pretzel and phase shifts into the terrain.
amateur. stand one one leg and use the same leg to lift. never skip leg day
*peer reviews
zoinks!
nakka: what?
*thunder sound effect*
byurds use a cloaca so its really more of a pissy shit.
Her name is Incontinentia. *Incontinentia Buttocks*
cd-i
At the end of the day, aren't we all a little weird and douchy? Especially you, humble reader.
A fuckchuck would fuck as much chuck as a chuckfuck could if a fuckchuck would fuck chuck
can you comment on a woman who becomes pregnant after exposure?
you know dats right
half off, like the abayas.
Stalin killed millions in the hopes of killing just one man-- [you'l never believe who it is!](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)
This is a popular notion, really, but I've come to accept a different view. All these songs are so highly produced, they can work right into the ear and conciousness. Really catchy stuff-- what you don't like are the "artists" and the production style. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ez-apj-Od1I &lt; - anaconda bluegrass version https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzPGzGUNZbs &lt; - fancy in 1920s flapper https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBmCJEehYtU &lt; - lorde royals by a sad clown I really like the fancy cover but I really like this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJY83K3o670
wah u leckt him rong time
I certainly agree, but my childhood spent as a disciple of Mix-a-Lot's sermons on honesty and faith in the posterior, the contemporary tale of serpentine aversion to someone lacking baked goods truly speaks to my soul.
Pleasure to share coffee with you this morning :)
PongBob53
Oh we'll make you do it alright, and then we'll add additional citations for illegal turtle baiting and unsanctioned nonnutritive wildlife feeding.
This charge is based on an interpretation of bylaw 140 in the Fish and Game Warden's Citation Primer that denotes specific guidelines for what does and does not constitute nutritional feed. Since human bodyparts are not specifically cited on the list of items appropriate for wildlife feed, we can easily classify it as nonnutritive feed regardless of scientific understanding of dietary realities. Its about piling on charges, come on! Join the bandwagon! :)
you know thats right
I mean, 'absolutely amazed' is a stretch. It was really more of a "maybe it won't be too bad" to "lol" in 3 seconds
At the undergraduate level, Europe definitely wins out because of cost. However, the most competitive raiding guilds for epic-level STEM research is still in the US.
nice you look extremely well qualified for a postdoctoral opening in my lab please post your CV and your top 100 publications in the journal of santeria
I tend to shy away from the nature babies in general-- but sci rep... what are your thoughts on that journal? I don't read it much, but the collective atmosphere where I work is that its kind of a pay to publish journal.
"you study chemistry? what do you do?" "Well, I use molecu--" eyes glaze over Perhaps common sense to us is not so common afterall.
See, if that were an honest answer, I'd give it. I haven't blown anything up since my undergrad.
Run, rabbit, run Dig that hole, forget the sun, And when at last the work is done Don't sit down, it's time to dig another one For long you live and high you fly But only if you ride the tide And balanced on the biggest wave You race toward an early grave.
Twist: actually talking about meth
What about a minute with periods of heavy breathing and some mild drooling? That wraps back around to a compliment, right?
