I think arbaless/Alvarez is to aracitacia as fiore is to ishgar Kingdom to continent (multiple kingdoms on each continent) like Jura was the best Mage is fiore during the 7 year gap but only fifth on ishgar
Regardless of how you feel about Obama I think he will serious historical credit for the abuse (and racism) he put up with while president.
I think that's part of the theme. Like the nether the Jedi or the sith are perfect, one is too selfless and other too selfish
Watch the episode where erza learns magic, it's also really about believing and people with it in their blood have an inclination. Also Laxus would kick your ass for assuming he's good cuz if his parents.
Congrats don't quit!!!!!
Santorums always cum from behind
What year is this, 2012?
Cringe within a cringe, they just incepted this shit
Ds9 all the way
Where did u get it this bottle? The place I go to doesn't have the port wood edition. Also it's too bad the port took a bitter turn cuz sweetness properly mixed in could amazing.
W..wh...what?!?
I personally think the over choreographed scenes were incredible, the power and skill of the super human Jedi was felt. Also we got to see stuff like opposing force pushes.
I disagree and I think you're nit picking. The scene with maul vs obi wan 1 on 1 was unreal in terms viciousness and killing lust. Personally the new movie had terrible fight scenes to me. The swinging was nonsensical and it wasn't fun to watch (BESIDES how awesomely Rey was just beating that ass) Also IF it's individual moments destroy scenes for you then literally every original storm trooper scene is idiotic, the whole assault on the death in stupid for how exposed the x-wings were but never died, obi wan vs darth is pathetic. But idk you gotta learn to love the parts that cross the unrealistic line for you as much as anything otherwise you end up a mountain of salt.
That's nonsense. The light saber duels from the original trilogy wee limited by the animation of the time and were "more methodical". Also New Hope barely had a plot (most of the plot was made up after its success) and was just a film featuring the newest and best special effects.
I read AoT and frankly after the most recent chapter, fuck that manga. It's pacing has gone from slow and intense to George r r Martin disrespectfully slow.
Please tell your friends gf she is legit a saint. Like she kept talking to him but never got aggressive or tried to prove a point she was just nice.
Stellar, nice word choice
So less established?
What bothers me isn't that this story is real but that someone actually told it too sound real
Jellal cuz during gmg jellal knew he could beat Jura while Laxus was unsure.
But that's the thing they actually know. Like watch interviews with people buying. Sir you know you're chances are low right? Yea. How you know how low? Really low. There many things that need work but monitoring shifty spending choices is not one of them.
Would be interesting to be see Thor be shaped to be centered around the Marvel version cuz most myths are reformed heroes. If you think about now more people probably know Thor from marvel iterations than anything else, the only question is staying power.
It was filler plus mashima said somewhere he regretted the lack of Laxus during Tartaros.
How so?
Like it's painful
Freed But honestly I love them all cuz they are very unique amongst fairy tail in that they contain a capacity for cruelty which I like
Honestly it's a surprisingly diverse world, there's Asian and European diversity. They also have rare instances characters of many other colors.
We all started as lame asses. You'll grow into it, one of the best ways I've found to enjoy whisky is to try good single malts or blends with a crap whiskey (when I started it dewars vs laphroaig). It teaches you to detect the differences and really learn why good stuff is so damn amazing early on.
Ummmm flowers cuz it's Tuesday to a girl ur not dating is weird
Mind blown
Question is will it do anything to protect its people from the problems already over the border.
Do u really not think 1.1 million people in 1 year won't change a population of only 80 mil?
*takes deep breath* Please tell me this is a joke
I'm only going to judge you on this post and ur replies to comments. The reasons you get hate is several fold. 1. You've fallen into the trap of self pity. i. Scrawny: first off scrawny means nothing skinny guys get hot girls as regularly as anyone else. Second if ur body makes u insecure do something about it. ii. Was raised by your grandparents: You had a loving household no one anywhere should feel sorry for you. iii. Moved around a lot: the most interesting people are those who've been around its no excuse. iv. Bullied: most people in world were/are bullied at some point. 2. When people explain the issues you don't acknowledge and you ignore the spirit of what they say and argue the wording. Example on this thread someone said unlocking women and you said "no I'm trying to make myself attractive". In this case unlock women = make myself attractive 3. Asking questions when u don't want honest answers. Saying I'm not as bad as denko is you setting your self up to not look bad. It's like saddam saying come on guys I'm not hitler, don't compare urself to bottom of the barrel when asking about acting appropriately.
Exactly and it applies to more than bullying. Like everything he listed isn't even that bad, get the fuck over yourself.
according your statement women care less about looks less, so why then do u whine about being scrawny?
Source or name?
Many series pull from each other. Fairy tail openly admits to being inspired by many sources..... BUT this is non-sense like there's nothing in common like at all. The only similar thing is music and it's not even remotely similar in style.
My parents are teachers and it's always so special when they can connect with a kid. It's awesome you can do that with fairy tail
My favorite part is the guy who brought it up started being attacked by other feminists. Like talk about making everyone your enemy.
Not everyone is convinced that relationships with banks equals bad.
Sorry but gunna have to agree. There has been zero evidence yuriy is Serena and it's been stated by warred that yuriy is dead. Anything ur saying is just grasping at non-existent straws. Also the important thing about Serena is his magic.
As liberal as I am this is why conservatives say 'no' we have a good but imperfect system to help people pay for college BUT sadly tuition rates just rose making the system we have seem terrible.
I used to watch the anime and read the manga but the anime has gotten unbearable. Like the second fight between Laxus and tempesta was so annoying to watch. In manga it was a two page fight with gray and then plot moved along
The change to portrait in the sources below makes me think it is. Also 45s usually 'real' stuff is long enough to be sold. 'Real'= real look and feel but fake
Yes!!!
This^ people tend to forget this is a story with laws the strengths that bend to hiros wishes. He tries to be consistent but he sways regularly (literally any fight with sting or rogue as examples)
What the fuck?!?
Oh I'm sorry descendants of people who commit atrocities shouldn't ever have the right to complain. OH WAIT THAT IS EVERYONE. You don't say Arab Muslims complain about imperialistic America, nations conquered under Muhammad and successors!!!
Except when denying the holocaust.
