Not so much. People carry money all over their body, it's only the giant wallet in back right pocket people think as the "you can see it"... Plenty of people don't carry money there. The TV interpretation of "sorry I bumped into you" is just that, from TV
You can just "drop" them, so you only carry what you want..
For the record-after several hours of deep reflection-I am not looking forward to this.
Seven Riffle shuffles is the exact amount needed to perfectly randomize a deck of cards.
...it's pretty well known Noriega worked with/for the CIA, not the DIA.
I am one year older. This is easily in my top 10 of ask Reddit questions.
Let me be clear, in no way did I mean to dissuade people from voting for him. I hope anyone, everyone votes for someone. If you look at my original comment, and the question I was replying to- I hope you will see I was not trying to talk anyone out of voting for him. I was only answering a question. (of course I added my opinion about his chances, and maybe that was more than OP asked.)
OP asked "what is so great and different about Sanders?" I wrote "many things"-but yes, that he has no real chance. OP didn't ask does he have a chance or can someone convince me to vote/not to vote for Sanders.... Forget it. We each have our own outlooks.
You mean like campaigning for Bernie Sanders? I know that's not the most popular statement on the side these days, but I think OP's statement and mine share plenty of similarities.
Passed other bills, extended/expanded on existing bills.
Dude, it's not just a pocket knife; it's THE pocket knife. You would be amazed how often they come in handy on a daily basis.
Allowing Kanye to hold a microphone
"You're doing well, superman does good"-Tracy Morgan (Jordan)
Always cut the cards.
Played in the NBA for 10+ years, movies/major endorsements, now hosts an NBA show in a major cable network. Yeah, he's got some coin.
"When I was last with Mike Nichols.." Fuck. To be able to (truthfully) say that sentence..
http://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/39bpam/removing_harassing_subreddits/ I wish I didn't even know
Throwing their weight around? I thought we had banned those people!?!
Put up some pictures. Try the website 52plusjokers.com Any particular era? Brand, location?
We know his guy is from the mid-west for 2 reasons: it's in his user name and he said "pop" instead of "soda"... Ohio?
You know what he meant. Chill out operator.
As has been mention numerous times in this thread, those wiki leaks articles were bullshit-from a defense contractor making guesses.. But they did their job! You, and several other people in this thread, believe it's true from a headline!!
Here I show my ignorance. Is that a brand or are you asking do I prefer a certain size grip?
Awesome, thanks
What's your vector, Victor?
Jesus. Fuck. Now I really want to see this movie, even though i've read the movie is not entirely true to life. I wonder if they showed Hanks a film of people in shock or anything like that, he seemed to really play that well. I like how they didn't sugarcoat anything with the pirate. The captain a safe all your friends are dead, done deal you're pretty much fucked. I had forgotten they teach the Navy SEALs Miranda rights.
Completely. The headshot heard round the world. This guy is unstoppable.
The point about 08' is a great one, however I don't see it happening for Sanders.
I am curious about your comment, is this the general perception of Thomas? That those are his overall goals while on the court?
This...is a childish answer
Of course. They don't care at all about your shit party...a person was pistol whipped!
It's most certainly true. More combinations than all the grains of sand in all the worlds beaches.
I'm not sure how this relates to my comment. Am I missing something? Did the joke go right over my head?
Yep.
Ahh yes, forgot about him. Thanks
I really really dislike subs that disabled the vote/down vote button. It goes against pretty much everything that Reddit is. I think subs that do this don't respect their users.
Bernie Sanders has no chance of winning the presidency
But is this really something no one wants to admit? I think if we are being at all realistic this is obvious.
...rekt
How was "sneakers"? Is you voice still your passport? Love your work sir!!!!!!
What would you suggest? (I haven't done anything to it)
I'm very surprised kids didn't break it up, that was just insane. Fights in high school often were broken up by other kids (after a bit)
Same with fool in the rain
Call and make a reservation. It's in Hollywood.
I highly doubt that the "alliance" is based on any real group, and the Magic Castle is worldwide not just a group of people from la
George Forman did this also, even the girls...
I kinda blew me away to see him say it. He fully knows his place, that he is basically a joke in the comedy world-but he isn't giving up.
I hope that person survived. I would assume this is a different type of skydiving then what Mr. Reynolds is talking about. What is seen here is a static line jump, where as soon as you exit the airplane your chute (hopefully) opens. There is no freefall in this type of jump.
Didn't USA air this version back in the 90's?
Capital punishment. The fact we still kill people as a country is insane.
