You could live just about any lifestyle you liked and still have plenty left over to do lots of philanthropy. That or leave it all to your kids so you can ruin their lives. :)
http://youtu.be/wGdhc9k07Ms
Powerball tickets are $2 each, not $1. So at best you'd break even.
I thought I read somewhere that sharks don't get cancer either.
As sci-fi as many of the comments are, I think you all have it wrong. Yes, humans will travel to the stars and not by uploading our minds into robots or building space arks that would take centuries to travel the distance. We will get there by finding a way to travel across the great distances quickly. I don't yet know what form that will take but we know so little about the universe and physics at this point (or to put it another way, I'm quite certain there is a LOT left to be discovered). It will also likely take far longer than you realize. I'm thinking 200 to 300 years at least before the technology is created and matures to the point where we can use it.
I think we will find a way. The best candidate technology at this point is warping space as they do in Star Trek.
But it won't matter because of the time scale involved. No one is going to be willing to pay for a mission that will take 100 years or more. The only realistic solution is to find a way to travel quickly. I don't know what that way is but there was a time when traveling across the ocean wasn't possible. There was a time when traveling through the air wasn't possible. There was a time when we had never been to the moon. In the next 20 years we may visit Mars. Just because we don't know today HOW we will do it, doesn't mean we won't.
In defense of Peter Jackson, he wasn't allowed to make his own movie. The original director, Guierrmo del Toro, had done all the pre-production while negotiations with UA (I believe) continued for the movie rights. When that was delayed, Del Toro could no longer wait as he had other projects planned and had to bow out. Jackson had to take over as director and asked the studio for a year to go back and do his own version of the movie. Remember that he was the Executive Producer. The studio declined so he had to start shooting what was essentially del Toro's movie. I'm quite sure that if del Toro had made the movie, it would have been different. Had Jackson been given the time he requested, it would have been a different movie. Unfortunately, that didn't happen and what we got is the result. LOTR is my all time favorite set of movies. I was really hoping The Hobbit would be more of the same. Alas, it was not meant to be.
NASA is in the experimental stages of a warp drive not unlike the concept used in Star Trek. I don't know what will come of it but NASA seems to think they are on to something worth some effort. It's a mistake to say "FTL travel is impossible so there's no point in working on that type of solution." Better to think about a way around it. Our history is filled with things once thought impossible. http://spaceref.com/nasa-hack-space/propulsion/clarifying-nasas-warp-drive-program.html
Nevertheless they are indeed doing at least conceptual research on it. Around the turn of the last century, students interested in going into physics were told not to bother because pretty much all that would ever be known about physics had already been discovered. We can look back now at just how arrogant and ignorant that thinking truly was. When Einstein wrote his paper on Special Relativity, it was an idea whose time had come. If he hadn't thought of it, someone else would have within 10 years or so. General Relativity, on the other hand, was such an extraordinary idea that without Einstein's discovery of it, we might still not know of it today. Considering how much technology upon which we depend wouldn't be here without it, imagine where we would otherwise be. Using words like "impossible", IMHO, are a bad idea when it comes to realms of knowledge for which we have only scratched the surface. They put ones mind in a box. I don't want us to make the mistake that our ancestors did of ignorantly assuming we have it all figured out. You could say that with knowledge we have today, we don't know how to travel quickly across that vast distances between stars. Conventional travel appears to be limited by the inconvenient equality of mass and energy but that doesn't mean we won't find some other way. Imagine living at the time of the American Revolution. Getting a message from England to America involved sailing across the Atlantic for many weeks. If your goal was to get the message to millions of people, you could just forget it as it would be prohibitively expensive. Now imagine bringing such a person forward a few hundred years and showing them modern television or video conferencing via the internet from a cell phone with people all over the world. This would seem impossible to them and unbelievable if they weren't seeing it for themselves. As Arthur C. Clarke famously said, it would be "indistinguishable from magic." Is today's technology the end of the road? Is there no more to learn? Of course not. 200 years from now, we will have technology and capabilities that to us today living in 2016 would be indistinguishable from magic.
No good deed goes unpunished.
It was going to be our first time (together - neither of us were virgins) and she was really pushing it. Problem was, we didn't have any protection and even if we had a condom, I wasn't going to risk it. We were engaged and if she got pregnant before the wedding, her parents would have been really pissed. So I told her we weren't having actual sex until she got on the pill. Then and only then, would we be having sex. It was one of those situations I thought would never happen where I would be the one having to do the right thing and say no to sex.
What has size got to do with it? Explain to me how we have government-provided social services now but somehow couldn't have others because we have too many people? How do economies of scale somehow go into reverse for social services?
Isn't this a little pointless since there's very little evidence he ever actually existed at all? If he did, he would have certainly looked middle eastern. If you think he was white, blame the Catholic Church would recast him as white centuries ago.
There are some pretty big assumptions in that logic. Just because the universe being a simulation is possible given an infinite timeline doesn't mean that it is one.
Not in dispute? There's no evidence outside of the Bible itself that Jesus ever existed. It's absolutely in dispute.
Right, but that's a HUGE given. Perhaps we have not yet reached the future yet where universes can be simulated. In any case, I wouldn't bet on it.
What "other secular sources?" There are only two outside of the Bible itself who mentioned Jesus. Tacitus mentioned Jesus by name and Josephus mentioned someone named Christus being executed by Pontius Pilate. However, neither Tacitus nor Josephus were contemporaries of Jesus. Both were born after the supposed death of Jesus (Josephus about 5 years after and Tacitus about 20) so they can't be considered evidence of his existence since they are clearly only writing from what they themselves heard or read elsewhere and not from their own eyewitness accounts. Josephus claimed God spoke to him directly so his credibility is highly suspect without even considering that he wasn't even alive while Jesus was. The debate regarding the existence of Jesus may be settled amongst Biblical scholars but they have an obvious bias. Scientists don't debate it because they see nothing to debate. Science deals in evidence. There is essentially no evidence whatsoever that Jesus ever really existed. However, there is considerable evidence that many of the stories from the Bible were essentially plagiarized from earlier religious mythologies. The debate over the existence of Jesus is only "settled" for those who don't require evidence.
You're describing a pure democracy which is not what how any western nations operate. We have a representative democracy. We have nationalized social services already such as Medicare which is more efficient than smaller private healthcare providers according to the CBO. Bigger doesn't automatically mean less efficient. Apple is the biggest company in the world (by market cap) and they are incredibly profitable.
The profit of any company is the difference between its revenue and expenses. Apple both had desirable products but also spends wisely. It's marketing is effective. It's product development is effective. It runs a very tight ship. There are plenty of examples of companies with lots of revenue but not much profit. Profit comes from both growing sales and managing expenses. As the CEO of a company for more than 20 years, this is something I know a lot about. Socialized medicine, just as one example, is not perfect a pseudo-free market healthcare system like the one in the US is also very inefficient due to entrenched profit interests. Not everything should be provided by the government but there are some areas (such as healthcare and prisons) where a free market runs counter to the best interests of the populous.
A MacBook Pro is the overall best choice if choice is what you care about. On it you can run MacOS, Windows and Linux as well as use it for iOS and Android development. If you buy a Windows Laptop, you lose the ability to code for macOS and iOS. PC laptops can be less expensive but not for the equivalent hardware. Most PC magazines have stated that if you buy a PC laptop with the equivalent quality hardware as a Mac, the cost will be similar.
Your behavior should be about who you wish to be, not how others will treat you.
Here's one of many. They are not hard to find. http://www.howtogeek.com/219478/surprise-macs-aren%e2%80%99t-necessarily-more-expensive-than-windows-pcs/
The MacBook Air has only 8GB of memory. If that's enough for you, great. It also doesn't have that great of a graphics card relative to the Pro. Just depends on what you need.
I recently bought one and I'm quite happy with it. Apple is somewhat limited in terms of what they can do in terms of processors and memory while maintaining good battery life. It's all a balancing act. For me, I'm digging Touch ID and the Touch Bar as well. I wasn't sure how much value the Touch Bar would really add but I've started using it and it's actually quite nice. Makes me realize just how underutilized the function keys have been all these years. It's not BS. If you compare Mac laptops to the equivalent PC hardware, they are similar in price. The difference is that Apple doesn't have an extreme low end the way the PC does.
That's true but that's not the whole problem. Healthcare companies know they have the customer by the shorthairs when it comes to their health whereas in a single payer system, the customer is the government.
I know a lot of programmers that would disagree but you're right that it really depends. RAM is cheap so it's not something to short yourself on.
While I see your point, Apple has said they will never add a touch screen because for a computer, it's a poor interface. I agree. No one wants to hold their arm out towards their screen. It works for a tablet because the tablet is already at arms length and touch is the primary interface. The Touch Bar to me is a good interface. It adds quick access to important functions. Like you, I want to see Apple innovate even more especially with the MacBook Pro. I'm not sure what that would be exactly though.
Correct. When Steve Jobs returned to Apple the first thing he did was simplify their entire line to four categories: Pro desktop, pro laptop, consumer desktop , consumer laptop. They got away from that a bit with the MacBook Air but it wouldn't surprise me if that goes away and the features of that end up in the MacBook.
Anything unethical is likely to be a lie. Relationships are based upon trust. Once the lie is revealed, the other party will realize their trust has been betrayed, possibly beyond repair. Not a good way to start or conduct a relationship. Honesty is the best policy.
"Ugly" is highly subjective and being rich only goes so far. Look at Rick Ocasek form the 1980's band, "The Cars." Not an attractive guy and yet he married a super model. Sure he was a rock star at the time but again with anyone partner of substance, any partner worth having a relationship with, being rich or famous is just bonus. FWIW, I dated a few women that I didn't find attractive initially. Once I got to know them, they became more attractive. I've also met women who were physically very attractive but became ugly once I got to know them due to their personalities. Just be yourself. The right person is out there but like being successful at anything, it rarely comes easy. Thomas Jefferson once said, "The harder I work the luckier I seem to get."
My wife. :). No one is perfect in reality but I can't imagine being married to anyone else.
It's the same thing. It's a lie. Someone who likes you under deceptive pretenses doesn't actually like you at all. Don't you get that? And when they find out they have been deceived, they are going to hate you. Get it?
Perhaps but I think Apple has a very good idea about who the average customer is. That might not be you or me but I'll bet the average customer doesn't need to add much that can't be added via USB. They probably never upgrade the machine. Or to put it another way, they value the trade-offs more (lighter, more battery life, better screen, etc.). Just a guess but I think it's probably right.
For some yes but when the new MacBooks came out and the most ram you could get was 16GB, there were a lot of people complaining. Apple said that more ram would shorten the battery life so they made a choice.
In a single payer system, the healthcare provider is being paid not by the patient but by the government. Whoever pays the bill is the customer.
I realize that the government is spending money that was provided to it in the form of taxes but in a single payer system the government is the one who is negotiating with healthcare providers. Ideally, a free market will drive efficency. However, when people are in pain they can't negotiate rationally. They want the pain to stop no matter what the cost. They've also gotten used to ignoring their health and expecting a quick fix via a pill or surgery rather than making the lifestyle changes they should have made years ago. When given a terminal cancer diagnosis, many will OK a treatment plan that will extend their life for 3 months but has a cost of over $100,000. I think the best we can likely do is a system that puts the patient in the driver's seat when it comes to cost. This means that everyone has a high deductible insurance plan so they won't go broke if they are hospitalized and a health savings account to pay for doctor visits, prescriptions, etc. Healthcare providers should be required to provide price lists that are simple and concise which would lead to price competition that really doesn't exist in healthcare today. There's no reason they can't do this today. This puts the patient in the position of deciding how to spend their money. Such a system can be socialized in that it's subsidized by the government based upon income. If the individual wants to contribute to it to get a better plan, they can do so. What I'm suggesting would be a truly free market plan which we don't have today because costs aren't generally discussed until after the fact. Most people don't even realize how much they can negotiate down their hospital bills either. However, we do need everyone to be insured because hospitals are required to treat anyone who comes in. Such a system, IMHO, provides the best of both worlds and is simpler than the Affordable Care Act. It's not perfect. The healthcare providers still have you by the shorthairs but at least published price lists would bring the cost of service front and center where it belongs and hopefully some downward price pressure as well. We also need to find a way to get doctors out of CYA mode where they order far more tests than necessary just to decrease the likelihood of being sued.
17 years ago on Matchmaker.com.
I don't like Trump but I'm pretty sure that Kim Jung Un is a blowhard like his father. He knows that if he EVER sets off a nuke outside of a cave in North Korea, it will bring about the end of his rein and country. NATO forces will immediately move in and remove his regime, followed by the reunification of South and North Korea.
I'm going to say no, he never said that.
No, that was for Syrian refugees. Trump has been asked repeatedly about a Muslim registry and he has said we should have one. Of course he's backing away from that now but apparently it's still on his website. Let's just all accept that Trump just says whatever he's thinking at the moment without regard to the truth or any semblance of consistency. He's the bullshitter to end all bullshitters.
Hey, I didn't vote for him and the fact that he's going to be President is both embarrassing and terrifying at the same time. Having said that, you know that Trump feels like other countries need to pull their weight more (which is yet another indicator that he doesn't have a clue about US foreign policy). He would almost certainly demand NATO handle North Korea should it need handling.
Gus wouldn't do business with Walt if Jessie was in the picture. Walt reluctantly agreed. When Walt found out that Gus had hired him an assistant who would clearly eventually be capable of replacing him, Walt stopped trusting Gus. Breaking Bad is the story of a good man going bad in an attempt to do good (by his family) and in the process, causing a bad man to become good.
An important difference between Hitler and Trump is that Hitler had a well-thought out (and of course evil) plan. Trump has no plan. Everything he does is entirely off the cuff.
The US is the most influential member of NATO. If North Korea set off a nuke against another nation, Trump wouldn't even need to ask.
Any rogue nation that nuked another would immediately be the subject of invasion by NATO. If you think NATO otherwise you don't understand NATO. What do you think would happen if Pakistan nuked India?
Trump has made some noises about healthcare but, like everything else, he has no plan.
You're asking too much of him. The man isn't capable of that. His ego is such that the only mode it can handle is one where he just does and says whatever he wants: truth, logic, morality, honor and tradition be dammed.
An interesting side note: Venus rotates on its axis in the opposite direction from all other planets which astronomers believe means it was hit by something big early in its formation.
The money is used to improve the environment thus offsetting the damage a company does to it.
