my family is from india. over there most girls using the trains avoid makeup, perfume and nice clothes to save themselves the hassle of attracting anybody's attention. these slutwalk and femen "protests" aimed at democratic and correctly policed societies seem to be more of a social gathering than "fighting" for any cause - you don't realise how good we have it that most people in our society already stand against violence towards women. in india there is a literal shortage of women, because many would-be baby girls are aborted by families rejecting anything other than boys. i spit on your pretentiousness, showing your tits and calling it feminism...
the idea of jailbreaking is freedom. freedom to do whatever the fuck i want with my device. whether apple integrates/steals features into the next ios (which can be nice if done well), or not, i won't give a fuck as long as tweaks like "20 second lockscreen" continue to work on MY device. i have zero loyalty to apple, android, windows, anybody else - i like and buy what i deem appropriate to me. i am, however, loyal and very grateful to developers who put out cool little tweaks and apps, and i pick and choose and install things that make MY device more MINE. deviated from point. if a tweak i've used has been integrated, to me it only makes sense because it's such a wonderful and useful tweak; but if there is no recognition, it doesn't seem fair to the developer. i'll go on to use the ios without that particular tweak, but that developer won't have any incentive to keep innovating and coming up with new tweaks, might just feel the opposite way and quit or jump to another platform. the apple community in general is filled with self-righteous and bigoted idiots, who reveal themselves as über noobs when claiming (with big bold headlines) that apple has 'invented' this or that, because they had never even heard of such a thing from anyone else until they're spoon-fed at an apple conference. in technology, as in most aspects of life, nothing is really new - people today build upon what others accomplished yesterday. sure they can be relative, baby steps or giant leaps forward, but this still holds. to me the most important are the programmers who develop new, useful features, and also hardware engineers that enable such features. to claim their allegiance, like daft zealots such as jobs or gates, is fucking absurd. you develop and grow things either for money and/or for the hell of developing something cool that people are going to use and that might even transform how you do certain things in your daily life. anyways, i've gone on for too long. fuck apple if they don't credit and/or pay jailbreak developers when they integrate their tweaks.
cool dudes, much respect and gratitude
hey, i also wanted to add: if you find that it stops working suddenly one day, without changing anything, it might simply be that your router has assigned your devices a different IP address. to "fix", go into your router's control panel and assign each of your devices a permanent IP address (by entering their MAC addresses). that way everyone will stay put! again, very cool tweak, very grateful, and thanks for the tutorials and tips :)
i think maybe safety in numbers; or you can become friends with your neighbours and take turns or whatever "supervising" (i.e. sit on a bench scrolling through reddit for a couple hours)
indians and daft "traditions" - how about planting 111 pipes for clean water and sewage removal instead? fucking obsession of the indian media to disprove misogyny, because all they care about is not losing face to westerners.
maybe you jaywalk here and there, but the french drive like champions on the highway, vive les autoroutes! (whereas in spain you're hard-pressed to over-take even on a three-lane!)
this is probably based on kate moss right?
lol and ew
omg this is hilarious! it could only be better if you could read the barcode with your phone and it takes you to his youtube channel where he puts up pseudo-fightclub videos
take me to your cash register!
the swedish peace society offers an alternative method to fend off the ruskies - the singing sailor greeting ["this way if you are gay"](http://www.thelocal.se/20150511/singing-sailor-to-scare-russians-in-swedish-waters)
moarrr! you guys are awesome :D
yes: america like statistics, the english like background info, in spain we like fútbol. manda huevos! (funny stand up though :)
i've scrolled through the list of answered questions, and this one seems to be the only one asking about the economist, all the others are either personal or "asking" opinions -__-
this one is my favourite: [the trouble with mergers](http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/images/2014/11/articles/main/20141122_wbp502.jpg) :D
i have to say, though, that latin american commentary is just energy without substance. for most of the world cup i had to stream it illegally, and it was always on espn hispano or whatever. most of the games the guy missed the action until way after it happened on replay. his job seemed to be just to yell out "goool" as stereotypically as possible whilst having zero enthusiasm for the actual game. forget the passing, the steals, the counters, the "caños"... totally uninterested. maybe it's just usa, because americans of all races couldn't really give two shits about soccer :-/
wow. this is just... wow. how did he get..? wow.
psst... you can't (just stop) this...
don't need no fork lift
i say the old fashioned, two single beds and an alarm clock radio in between, is the way forward for you sire
that's crazy, the first thing i thought was "there neeeeds to be a jim carrey gag here!" somebady stahp meeeehhh
that's it, we need to get the band back together, gang! to the shady camper van i say!
this is so god damn cute!
[oh no, it's satan](http://oi62.tinypic.com/2heyd8m.jpg) D:
that's not a house, that's a retired transformer blending in
SUPERCALIFRAGILISTICEXPIALIDOCIOUS!
[psychedelic](http://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/homertoad_3794.jpg)
masturbating women, on the other hand, should receive GOLD!
yea, it seems all a blur now :-/ although, i remember thinking "i still have questions, but i'm just glad it's over", and not waiting for new episodes, biting my nails for answers, making sense of crap on 4815162342.com, lol
that is soo perfect, classic dad :D
yep, now you're his bitch
as disciple? a continuation of the same style of play edit: if you want to shit on barça for diving, you should direct your hate on suarez or neymar (non-masia, cheque-book hires), and realise that theirs is a tiny fraction of what madrid and other teams are doing (nevermind the whole of south-american "professional" football)
i'd like to see any of your other suggestions for candidates in his position that are cleaner and equally as competent. it's one thing to exaggerate your hurt once you are fouled, another is to flop without contact to get a penalty or dangerous free-kick, like penaldo and peymar. and you will not be able to show me any example of busquets trying to injure an opposing player, the way the madrid defence does when they've given up trying to win and just look for blood
this is so nri indian, omg! i know soo many of these women! they've been imported into a strange country and live only to serve their arranged husband - it is the saddest thing, lawd. they don't drive, care to learn the local language, so forget the tv, going shopping, hell contact with anyone else (especially if there aren't other indians around). the beginning of the movie 'namesake' made a solid caricature. rural indians, man.. edit: i forgot the most important part. they become so dependent on their husband, that they need him around every waking minute. but it's only natural that he can't or has work or just needs a little break, man, and they'll take it as a bad omen, "holy shit it's not the happily ever after from bollywood and mythology of yore!", and they grow bitter, and then fat, then they die from diabetes. what a miserable life i just painted :-/
omg, that was a demo by a representative of this multi-billion company - that shit just made my day :D
yes! it's not a good movie, but the beginning is so eerily true
so much that can break in that room, my brain is short-circuiting
i like your version of history, like it's narrated by tarantino
the labelling is confusing and irrational :-/
i am crying, and my sides hurt. thanks
at least they all have a sense of humour about it :D
i knew i knew her - that's aubrey plaza! from parks and rec and earlier college humor (some time after this)
The rain pelted down. Me and the wife cowered under a newspaper, in the middle of the evening traffic. Not a free cab in sight. We meander further and further down the street, until at last one signals he's stopping. I feel a presence yet again. Not this time! I rush my wife into the taxi. "Where'll it be, mate?", the driver turns round. Jackman.
i am in total and complete disagreement! barcelona would be NOTHING had the olympics not taken place there in 1992, and now people from all corners of the world keep coming in droves. they not only built world class facilities to host the games, but realised and acted on constructing everlasting infrastructure to handle the increased tourism/traffic. one of the greatest accomplishments was revitalising the port olimpic area, which used to be a goddam swamp, with thousands of poor people in ridiculous living conditions, surrounded by heaps of trash. people today cannot believe that the beach used to be a goddam shanty! whatever you will say about corruption cannot detract from the initial wish/vision/desire/hope of both the olympic committee and the fifa bigwigs, that these events would bring a much deserved revitalisation to the "sugar bread mountain" area and other shanties in brazil. but... nothing. complete incompetence. neither will the extreme poor of brazil see benefit, nor will we have that "carnival smile" kind of beautiful event that all of us (that wish only good things for brazilians) expected when we heard it first announced that the canarinha and pelé would host. completely missed opportunity to shine edit: i forgot. the poor people in the shitty areas of bcn were relocated (for free) into industrial type housing in other parts of the city. also remember that spain is very much a socialist country, and since around the entry into the eu there is free healthcare, education, etc. with a marked and proven structural break in development taking place at the end of the 80's (shhh::: because of the olympics!!!!!)
but they could've fixed that. if it weren't for the incompetence of the ruling class, they could have: cleaned the rivers, built useful infrastructure, relocated people in shanties, and generally boost both trade and social development within the country. that's what happened in barcelona. you make a large (no-brainer) investment into your city/country, and reap the rewards for years even after the major event is long gone. so, the problem is not brazil. it's the stupidity with which brazilians have re-elected such an incompetent governance
you're getting lots of downvotes, but i sort of agree with your point. i've made three comments already relating barcelona success story as what i expected for brazil. and i feel the bastard approach they've taken in brazil is the exact opposite of what should have been done. instead of a top-down approach, just pointing the finger and building shit and worrying about who gets the contracts; it should have started with clearing the city of its petty ailments from the bottom up. clean the fucking roads and rivers, pay the people in the favelas to move the fuck out (or literally give them keys to newly built housing), repair and expand the public transport (shit that is the bleeding lifeline to much of the population). case and point is how much brazilians hated the world cup and how much they are complaining about the upcoming olympics. they're not thinking "fuck me, this is gonna make us a shit ton of money!!" - no, they're thinking "fucking rat bastard politicians, robbing us of funding for schools/hospitals, only to put on a show for the world to think we're okay when we're actually dying here!". had brazil stuck to ramen, and goddam basic development economics, they'd have fared much better in the lead up to this otherwise internationally revered event. a wasted opportunity...
for many places the olympics is an economic boost and a rallying point for all facets of society to come together. for brazil, it's a tombstone
they were moved into estates. not the greatest looking, but still infinitely better than the squalor of the shanty town. there is a big debate today about how barcelona was quick to forget the "other city", but the fact remains that the olympics benefitted everyone in this city http://www.ccma.cat/tv3/sales/shantytowns-the-forgotten-city/production/930/ http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/sport/olympics/article3427874.ece
i like your idea about spreading out in time schedule. the spread in location is a logical way of expanding your radar in planning events with ready-made infrastructure across the country instead of just the city. but if instead of just lasting the 2-3 weeks it went on for say a month, it would be a helluva lot less chaotic! and i seriously doubt there would be a complaint either from athletes or fans, heck it would be easier to watch the damn games if you didn't have to choose between 130+ events every goddam day!
