Alexandra Daddario is a fox.
Gal, not doll.
The body of the birthday kid's missing sister.
I would totally do that, but I'd end up looking like a cancer patient.
Little Blue Chips League?
I feel bad for you guys, shelling out all that cash in the offseason.
&gt;Leave it to americans Why don't you start posting about the amazing Swedish Air Force in that subreddit so you can change their minds and make it more international?
Nice neck tattoo, asshole.
Should have made her drive a cab until she got twice the amount of money as the fare she jumped, and then have it given to the cab driver.
I declare... Bankruptcy!!
&gt;RAUL JULIA – STREET FIGHTER (1994) yeesh.
He's so famous, he's IN the famous!
With over a billion people, it's not like having gay people is going to hurt anything...
Encyclopedias.
Minneapolis checking in. The combination of good pay, affordable housing, and top notch public education is pretty damn awesome.
This is why I like shopping at the more upscale grocery stores once in a while. Almost all of their stock is fresh and new.
No one has tried sticking my penis in a bucket of popcorn.
Rob, best friend of Barry Potter. He has a sister named Jenny, twin brothers named Gerald and Frank.
It'll get logged one day. I guarantee it.
And the top rated park system in the US!
Peanut butter, jelly, thyme. And a baseball bat.
Oh deer.
&gt;I'm american and a baseball fan and this still makes no sense to me There's no way you're a baseball fan and can't figure it out. The score is 5 - 4 in the bottom of the fifth inning. There's one out and no one is on base.
Rowdy Roddy Piper vs Keith David, "They Live." Chingachgook vs Magua, "The Last of the Mohicans." Brennan Conlon vs Koba, "Warrior." Zhang Ziyi vs Michelle Yeoh, "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon." Jet Li vs Donnie Yen, "Hero."
Folding origami.
They also eat almost anything if it's cooked in enough oil.
Vargidan. Unigas.
Kyatchi in Minneapolis.
I agree.
I think about when I should stop the microwave. Why wait when you can pull the handle with 2 second left?
To my backyard to drink a beer and smoke a cigarette.
How high do they get in boardroom meetings?
Supposably. Even if you pronounce it incorrectly, it's still a moo point.
Cap'n Crunch Wrap Supreme.
It depends on the sound, not the letter.
It's not Korean.
The worst is Breyer's. They cut it with so much shit that it no longer contains enough milk or cream to be considered ice cream. The packages now say "frozen dessert."
Take sardines in tomato sauce, and fry it in a pan with some olive oil. Take a baguette and slice it in half lengthwise. Spread the sardines between the bread, then add julienned cucumbers, thin tomato slices, and cilantro. Quite honestly one of the best sandwiches.
Well made stuffing should be baked until the top layer is crispy.
Mexican coke.
I'll try to take a photo next time I'm there. I could be mistaken.
I'm Vietnamese and this is how my mom always did it when we were kids. I agree that the whole baguette should be baked in the oven until just crisp. Frying the sardines helps to caramelize them and the tomatoes. It deepens the flavor without making the sardines too soft.
What about Colombian coke?
Probably not worth much, but the guy probably thinks about it every day. It eats at him. Everything he does has a tinge of guilt.
I loved having Shadowmere. Greatest dragon distraction.
How to use time outs properly. You tell them they're in a time out, usually a minute for every year of age. After the time is done, tell them time out is over and then leave the room. Do not talk to them about it and give them attention. Make them be the one to come back out and rejoin the family. The anxiety and other feelings act as the future deterrent. I learned this from a psychiatrist who has worked for decades with children who have severe behavioral issues. It makes a hell of a lot of sense, and it has worked wonders with my kid who does not have severe issues.
Serious comment. Wear some swimming goggles. Problem solved.
Sean Bean is in it. I wonder when he dies.
My family emigrated here when I was 5 years old. I didn't know a single word of English. In one summer of watching Sesame street, I learned enough to start kindergarten.
Your mom looks like Chutney from Legally Blonde.
