Best ADC world.
Markeloff was good in 1.6 not Source
Live score?
Am I watching a slideshow
Anyone know the sound track they use around 11 minutes in?
Voids your warranty. Careful.
Nyjacky still plays under the name Liquid Nyjacky, and Rainman plays more Dota 2 IIRC
Jesus fuck, Origen is amazing
Also wanting to knoiw.
I'd like the source on this.
uhh what the fuck
We'd be lucky
No casherino :(
god the replay is so annoying
TSM almost threw &lt;3
I tried watching Madoka Magica but the characters really turned me off :s
It gets good around episode 13 :)
Omg the feels again
It's another way for getting kicked.
Sick cheats
Cause he ruined our team when he arrived. Fuck him
I love their layout ~_~
Reference to the anime, Kuroko no Basuke. Kuroko is portrayed as the shadow in the anime which then makes Keane the shadow and Bunny the light.
Didn't Bieksa also play injured
Inb4 AP tank top Elise becomes viable again
Frostalicious Challenger ADC
They won't be in the upper part of LCS
http://i.imgur.com/sTf1KNA.jpg Here's the image.. NSFw
Image of Lebron's dick if anyone didn't see being flashed on live television NSFW: http://i.imgur.com/sTf1KNA.jpg
LOL
holy mother of shit, is that plot progression I see?
Let's just say Miller in the 2010 Olympics was like an iron wall.
Cause if you solo q and you meet with him, he'll call you downright retarded / stupid if you make a misplay no matter how small it is. Like about a week ago, I got matched up with him and our Alistar messed up and he called him a retard, etc. Plus, he's known as a huge flamer / rager and no one really likes him.
He's gonna call you a retard for making fun of him.
Bruh you literally call anyone who misplays a retard and flame them to death rofl
He had more range but higher CDs back then.
But he's not a solo queue god...
COMMON BOLTS
I'm pretty sure everyone can agree that you're not a "solo q god" ROFL Should go back to school before you embarrass yourself as you can't even spell properly. Guess those 1.7k games this season aren't really helping with your intellectual level.
But that team was under Cognitive until recently.
It doesn't matter how unsuccessful they are in terms of winning, it's more about the exposure it gets for the brand.
And took a map off Fnatic (:
It's Apdo, probably the best solo q'er in the world...
Bro.. you're a one trick pony calm down
Practically everyone knows how they play Mirage now. IIRC CLG has a strat that completely mimics Keyd's A Mirage take by walling off one side and mollying under balc.
Who uses their pinky finger on Q?
Hmmm Froggen
lol... Just one good season and you're asking for $5m
There's one juicy Miller but Benning won't trade him ~_~
Lick it.
