Hi and welcome to /r/nfl. Over at the Bengals table, you'll see bullshit about the Patriots. Over at the Texans table, you'll see bullshit about the Broncos. And over there in the Chargers and Raiders table, you'll see Los Angeles.
This for sure. Marvin will be gone before the team takes another stab at a QB in the draft. Honestly, though, Mike Brown is getting very old, I'd think he'll croak before either happens.
Well that's one way to get new PR's.
So happy to see this happening. If we're not going to have any sort of rail system around here, we need to get rid of all the abandoned tracks.
And then no good content for two or three months after that! :D :| :(
Well shit, if we're not getting Reilly we should at least get a consolation prize.
God yes. The community has millions of map ideas, from competitive to casual and even total joke maps. Hammer is just a mess for those unwilling to spend the hundreds of hours navigating it. I always wanted to make a GPit-style map, this has me interested.
I hate getting interrupted when I explain stuff, but I absolutely cut people off when I know they're not saying anything useful.
Cedric Benson used to come to my Walgreens. Really nice but very quiet.
I'm playing this now and I agree with the critics: this game is criminally underrated and anyone who got hyped for Bayonetta 2 should pick this game up immediately because it is every bit as fantastic. It's literally like playing a Saturday Morning Cartoon.
HOLY SHIT
Oh fuck, a tradeception.
Oh guys I got it. Well get him for Anisimov, Atkinson, Kerby Rychel, and the 2016 First.
The game is out of print and is slowly becoming a collector's item. You're unlikely to find it for that cheap.
I remember seeing a discussion about that maybe a month or two ago. I made the argument that since the Giants would have a better QB in Rivers and a few extra draft picks to build a team with, they'd have a better run at more division titles and possibly more Super Bowls.
They totally made this song so that sports stadiums would license it when they play it during giveaways. Source: Blue Jackets fan.
It would be *if it were on vinyl*.
HAY GURL HAYYYY
It is the best option on this short of notice, honestly.
Technically, dopamine is the only thing that really makes me smile.
That really surprises me about Hawaii, considering everything there is fucking expensive.
Even if an offense runs most of the time they're within 5 yards, defenses expect that scheme and you still have to get in the end zone. That sort of power and skill doesn't come easy. We've seen plenty of RBs get stuffed repeatedly on goal line attacks, even with good offensive lines. To put up those kinds of numbers with that yardage is still pretty special. I feel like this argument would need to go to the tapes. How many of those TDs did Alexander have to fight for and how many of them were gift wrapped to him? That's the true tale of his ability.
Nailed it with the juice. Sure, it's convenient, but most of the nutrients and especially fiber is all but eliminated. We have a lot of health problems in our society due to how we eat, but a lot of it comes from a widespread fiber deficiency and excessive intake of processed sugars. I used to munch on the "healthier" chips (think sweet potato or avocado chips), but now I'm substituting it with low-glycemic fruits and veggies when I do longer gaming sessions.
His reasoning was a little off but the main points still stand. Looking at a screen for extended periods of time is not great for your eyes. Sitting down for an extended period of time is not great for your neck or posture, nor for muscle strength and general bodily functions. These are real things to consider when we talk about a generation whose main forms of entertainment will be coming from indoor activity.
And they wonder why people keep catching illegal streams of their product.
Best GDT of the year.
[Possibly worse.](http://i.perezhilton.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/sidney-crosby-at-justin-beiber-concert__oPt.jpg)
There absolutely needs to be a bridge going from NKY to the West Side. The only reasonable ways to get out of the West Side onto 75 include going through cramped roads to get on the Western Hills Viaduct or Hopple, take the long way to get onto 74, or go through congested streets to get onto 50. All of these just plain suck, especially if you have to get to Kentucky from there. Having a replacement for the Anderson Ferry makes so much sense, as its so dense and the access needs to that much greater.
E
Something tells me that's going to be banned or changed pretty quick.
I'd rather not trade within the division, but then I look at the stacked defensive prospects the Devils and possibly the Canes have, realize that Rychel isn't going to make them into playoff contenders overnight, and realize that they would make good trading partners. I wouldn't want to help Pittsburgh in any way unless I got the better end of the deal simply because of Crosby and Malkin carrying them.
One of my good friends got married last year. He loves gaming, but he also loves a challenge. So he decided to set himself a really arbitrary challenge for himself in Dark Souls 2 (I think it was he had to use a shit weapon for the whole game or something). On the day of his wedding, he spent like five hours beating an optional boss before driving up to his wedding and was the last one of the wedding party there.
Well yeah, when you've okay got so much talent and you have multiple projects, you're going to take on the one that brings in the most money. GoT has this over Borderlands pretty easily.
Man, every time I think I can't like Scott Hartnell any more, he pulls off more of this.
Jesus Christ I just found a game and not even five minutes in we're at level 180. What the hell is wrong with you people.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/cincysmash/
More like an Xbox One demo.
Seems like it would need a more regional study. I mean, Ford is dominant in Detroit, but what about Gillette in New England? Do they have a higher market share in that area compared to others?
Seriously, there's gotta be at last 150 people working on these, which is amazing given the simplicity of its engine and gameplay.
Three cups in six years. Goddamn.
It's significant, but let's not forget that there was a pretty reasonably-sized backlash [for a group of fans trying to retranslate the whole game](http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-05-29-why-would-someone-spend-five-years-retranslating-all-of-final-fantasy-7) not that long ago. Even /r/games didn't get behind it. A remake will not fully meet everyone's expectations.
Of course Chicago would be on there, because they need more Cups.
That, uh, was disappointing.
Seriously, that part made me cringe when Skylanders showed up. Who over the age of 10 cares about Skylanders?
There are, as evidenced by the World Championship final.
Remember, these are not the *statistical probabilities* that a given team will win the cup, just the *betting odds* which is based on a number of factors, including number of people making the bets. That's why a lot of the big market teams will have "better" odds.
You have to take the exchange rate into account, which right now is about [$76](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;es_th=1&amp;ie=UTF-8#es_th=1&amp;q=99%20aud), which actually doesn't sound bad in the States for a new game and two amiibo.
["lulz i was only pretending"](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/738/025/db0.jpg)
Sidebar? Sidebar.
So he can play 3rd pair minutes? I'd like to get a Top 4 guy but with defense being at a premium this free agency it's going to be a crapshoot to get some talent. Wouldn't mind taking this guy for cheap tbh.
