&gt; Occasional use of a "night cap", usually a single glass of Scotch (not a huge one, probably only 4oz? FWIW, while this may help one fall asleep, it may also decrease sleep quality, so I wouldn't really recommend it in general because the disadvantage outweighs the benefit for most people. In any case I don't think it's a good idea to rely on any kind of substance as a sleep aid, as you may come to depend on it. Alcohol also relaxes your muscles, including the ones in your mouth, which makes you more prone to snoring, or worse, sleep apnea. Personally, I try to avoid alcohol in the 2-3 hours before going to bed. Mainly because it makes me snore and bothers my spouse. I have no metrics on the quality of my sleep with or without alcohol.
I didn't like Highland Park at first but I've come around. At least for the 12yo. I haven't tried anything else. Apparently this is different, though. Would you say it's closer to a typical Islay whisky, or closer to Highland Park's signature floral and gently peated style, or something squarely in-between, or altogether different? Would love to try some somehow before buying an $80+ bottle.
That sounds appealing. Thanks!
That's a reasonable question to which I don't know the answer, but I could ask someone handling the regulatory side of things to see if she knows anything.
We're an energy/utility company, so I'm sure we wouldn't be the first, but yeah, I don't really know where to go to find out how our competitors have done it. I will ask our regulatory specialist, she might have a clue.
Thanks for the reply. That's what I found out as well but it didn't hurt to double check. Unfortunately the SMS is specifically not an option, we asked. It's not really a choice, it's a state regulation. You know how government can be stubborn. Our business people have actually been fighting this for about a year, or so I'm told (again -- today was the first time I heard about this), so it sounds like we haven't gotten anywhere with convincing that state's government that SMS is as good an option.
Not really, and definitely nobody in that state, which is not the state where I work :)
This looks like it's just for the browser, but perhaps it would suffice on Android devices, I'll look into it more.
Dunno. I tried looking for the text of the regulation but it's either hard to find or not public domain. I imagine it is public domain since it affects energy utilities, but who knows... I think I'm going to have to sit down with our regulatory compliance person and brainstorm a little. It would be helpful if I could read the language of the regulation.
Switzerland here, although I've been living in the US for 8 years now. Things I'd want in Switzerland: Amazon Prime, and convenient store hours. In Switzerland basically everything closes after 6-7 PM, many things are closed on Saturdays, everything is closed on Sundays, and sometimes things that are open on Saturdays are closed on Mondays because the owners want to make up for Saturdays. On the flipside, though, those business hours make working retail less of a nightmare, it's a more humane environment to work in and I get that. I don't work in retail though, and I like convenient things. I guess I'd miss Wawa if I went back to Switzerland, too, but no biggie.
Sorry but I feel compelled to correct a few things here: - A pseudoscorpion is not a spider. Pseudoscorpions and spiders are both arachnids, just like scorpions and spiders are both arachnids, but you wouldn't call a scorpion a spider! - Pseudoscorpions do in fact have venom, and it's pretty potent. That being said, they cannot break human skin, and the venom is designed to catch and kill prey that is smaller than them.
Plot twist: Kim posted the gif on Reddit himself and is having a good laugh *right now*.
I'm not a policeman but I think I can understand the police's behavior. I'm not saying it was acceptable, just that they were in a high-stress situation which, in that area of Switzerland, they're very likely not used to, so it got out of hand. Biker was a complete asshole though.
Yep, the train. The Swiss train system is excellent, it's usually the best way to get from one city to another in Switzerland.
Honshu, Ishikawa prefecture.
Absolutely! A lot of Swiss citizens only speak one of the official national languages, plus English in a lot of cases, obviously they're fine. But yes, you might be limited to Western Switzerland as far as employment is concerned, and even knowing only French and English may lock the door on you for a minority of jobs that may require German (or less commonly, Italian). Granted, Western Switzerland is still a pretty large chunk of the country, there are plenty of jobs to be found in Genève, Neuchâtel, Fribourg, Jura, Vaud and Valais (well, maybe not Jura -- no offense to anyone from there but it's a small, mostly rural/agricultural canton). Geneva and Vaud are heavy hitters in the economy of Switzerland, and they're both French-speaking cantons.
If you're not completely dead set on using S3 yet, you could also check out a new AWS service, [EFS](https://aws.amazon.com/efs/), noting that it's still in preview. It's basically a managed, autoscaling NFS target. Using that instead of S3 might make your life easier when it comes to automating your backups since you can use regular rsync or any backup tool you like.
&gt; If I'm not mistaken, the PACS doesn't permit children adoption To be precise, you can adopt children, just not as a couple, i.e. only one person in the couple is recognized as the legal parent/guardian.
I think the food is better in the French-speaking area than the German-speaking one, for what that's worth, but either way, you'll have to get used to new things. If you're going to live in Switzerland, then I suggest you prepare yourself to learning a new language. If you end up in the French-speaking area, as a Spanish speaker you'll probably have an easier time learning French. Likewise with the culture, of course Swiss culture has little to do with Argentine culture, but you'll probably find the French-speaking area easier to integrate to than the German-speaking area, and Geneva has lots of Latinos.
Switzerland is not cold.
&gt; I hope that i can be of use in there. As long as you learn one of the national languages, yes, and your knowledge of Spanish can be an asset.
&gt; "Geneva has lots of Latinos." &gt; &gt; I don't know if that is good... Ah, well, I guess I don't know if that's good, either. I just assumed it might be, since I figure you are one, although I guess you probably don't have much in common with Mexicans (for example) other than language. I don't know, perhaps you can find a sense of kinship with other Latin Americans, but I don't know you or Argentina so perhaps I'm way off the mark! It's interesting to me that you found Germany foreboding to the point of being worried about doing something you houldn't. The laws in Germany are probably not very different from Argentina, I'd think you'd have to try to do something wrong, rather than do something wrong inadvertently. You may have gotten that impression from interacting with Germans, in general they aren't as warm or welcoming as Italians, but again, you'd be hard pressed to do something wrong unless you were trying.
I'd never get a white car anyway, but thanks for the heads-up. Thank you as well for the suggestion, Volvo is not a brand I ever consider, for no reason whatsoever. I just never think of them. Seems like they might be out of my price range, though, at least looking at the pre-owned inventories of a couple of my local Volvo dealerships. I will dig deeper, so thanks again for the suggestion! On a related note, you mentioned "the occasional import from Canada". What's the problem with that? Is it a matter of the car being fitted according to Canadian specs/regulations and needing work to be compliant with US regulations? Or something else? I'm from Europe and my dad loved classic American cars, so we imported a few over the years, and they always needed to be fitted with an EU-compliant catalytic converter instead of whatever they came with, so if that's what you meant, I gotcha, but otherwise, I'm curious.
Ah yes, a Subaru, I hadn't thought of them yet even though I know the reputation of their AWD and my wife and I have talked about a Subaru. I'll check it out, thanks!
I'd use them with friends, but I can't remember the last time I played something online :) For the most part I'd play shooters like CS:GO or BF4 and I'd be playing on public servers where nobody uses voice comms anyway.
Just from reading the title, and before reading the comments, I thought of Highland Park 12yo. Seems a few people agree! I've also had Caol Ila 12yo, but only once, and not side by side with HP, of which I have a bottle at home, so I've had that a lot more. All this to say that Caol Ila is good, but I like HP more, for what it's worth. I'm not a big fan of peat, either, but HP tastes nice every now and then. Somebody else mentioned Oban, totally a good option, too. Love me some Oban. If your relative has never had another Scotch, though, perhaps they would enjoy something without JW Black's smoky notes and go for something like a classic Speyside or highlands? Just a thought. Way more options to choose from if you went that route obviously and I don't want to add to your confusion, so stick with the gently smoky ones if you want something similar to but not identical to JWBlack!
You could get two different bottles for around $100, just to get two different experiences. Just an idea! For example, Ardbeg 10yo, Talisker 10yo, Highland Park 12yo or Laphroaig 10yo/QC for a peated malt, and perhaps Glenmorangie 10yo or Lasanta, Balvenie DW, Macallan Fine Oak 10yo, Aberlour 12yo for something not peaty? I don't know the prices where you are, obviously, but in my area, any combination above should land around a $100 total (with a few dollars extra if you settle on Balvenie DW).
So far I have no interest in upgrading my THD, it does what I need it to do. I do have concerns over Windows 10 driver support since Creative notoriously sucks at that. It took them ages to release drivers for Windows 8.1, even though I was reading that the Windows 8 drivers worked fine in 8.1, so I skipped upgrading to Windows 8.1 until official drivers came out for it, and then I still had an issue (fortunately one that other people had so it was an easy albeit very strange fix). So yeah, nervous about Windows 10 and my THD. Worst case scenario, perhaps I'll take that "opportunity" to switch to an external DAC.
&gt; Creative, though, get far more flak than they deserve. The whole "shitty drivers for Vista" saga wasn't their fault; Well, I never used Vista on any of my home computers, so I can't comment on that, but as far as Windows 8/8.1 is concerned, it took them almost a year from the time Windows 8.1 came out to release X-Fi THD drivers for Windows 8.1, and when they did come out, they had this rather scary issue where, even after installing the drivers, you get no sound at all, unless you sleep the computer and wake it (not a reboot!), and from that point on it works fine. That's not really my idea of a good driver, but it's forgivable since you only need to do the sleep/wake trick once. But that does not excuse the time it took to release 8.1 drivers, and that's why I'm worried they'll take forever to release Windows 10 drivers, or they might not release drivers at all.
I guess you're not driving? It's one of those things I'd take in the car with me if I were moving. Even 3/4 of the way across the country. Also I'm so jealous of your bottle of Macallan CS.
I had the Lagavulin at a bar a couple of months ago, it's not my thing but it is tasty and I like it better than other Islay whiskies I've tried. Not sure I'd want to buy a bottle, especially since it's ~$90 here. The Macallan 17 Fine Oak, I would love to try at some point... I've heard great things about it, but it was a &gt;$150 bottle last I saw it, the state liquor stores don't even seem to carry it anymore, and the stores across the state border seem to have it at $240... Bit silly.
I'm in Pennsylvania so I can order online, but only from the state-controlled stores :|
I haven't seen it yet and still have not come across any spoilers, either.
I made a hot toddy once, not with Scotch, but with bourbon. Unfortunately I used Knob Creek Single Barrel, which is delicious but 120 proof, and I used too much of it, so it was a really, really strong hot toddy.
We actually have the standard packaging in the US, and it says "fondue" on it, not "fondü" :) And it's actually pretty decent as far as prepackaged, long-shelf-life fondue goes. I've never seen these Gorgonzola and "family" Lovecraftian horrors, though.
&gt; sure Great! Actually, can I change it a little bit? I'll do "I drank Pictch before Scotch was cool" instead. Thanks!
Thank you!
Welcome to Geneva! Lots of Genevans ride bikes so you certainly won't be alone on the streets. Motorists are used to them, and because owning a car in Geneva is such a pain in the ass, riding a bike is increasingly popular. Geneva has lots of bike lanes, just look for them, they're painted on the ground. I'll bet the city of Geneva publishes some sort of map showing you the better areas for riding your bicycle. It probably wouldn't hurt for you to learn some of the road rules of Switzerland before you get on a bike, even though a lot of the rules might not apply to you. Please don't ride your bike on the sidewalk, it's rude and dangerous, and also not permitted, which does not prevent people from doing it, but that doesn't mean you should do it. If you have to be on the sidewalk, please get off your bike and push it while walking next to it. By now you've probably noticed that Geneva has trams (you might call them trolleys if you're American). The tracks are notoriously hazardous when riding a bike because your wheel can become wedged inside one rail, and you will promptly find yourself on the ground, so be careful around tram tracks. Wear a helmet, I'm not sure if it's required, but you'll probably be better off. When I was young, you needed a "tag" (kind of like a license plate) in order to ride a bicycle on public roads, in French it's called "vignette". I don't live in Switzerland now but I *believe* you no longer need it for regular bicycles. Can't hurt for you to double-check, though. Further reading for you: http://www.ville-geneve.ch/themes/mobilite/velos/ (sorry, it's in French but hopefully you've started learning it if you just moved to Geneva)
&gt; Against The Grain Definitely try it. We get the pesto one most of the time.
CloudFormation is a pain in the ass but it's the AWS-prescribed method. Obviously it integrates with AWS the best, so it supports pretty much everything AWS has to offer. Terraform is my preferred method, but as it's a third-party product, it doesn't necessarily support every bit of AWS, so if you want to use an AWS product and Terraform doesn't support it, you're outta luck.
*Her Facebook page indicated that she was part of a group for ethnic Danish members of Hizb ut-Tahrir*
Just a thought: since you don't know German anyway, consider going to school in the French-speaking part of the country. Geneva and Lausanne have excellent schools. The challenge with Zurich is that you'll have to learn not one but two languages: German and Swiss German. The latter is a set of dialects spread throughout Switzerland and is the everyday language, while German is the official language. You can learn German, and Swiss Germans can all speak German, but knowing German won't help you understand much of Swiss German, everyday life is a little tougher if you don't know it. It's also largely useless outside of Switzerland. On the flip side, I would imagine that classes in Zurich are taught in German, so you'll have that going for you. However, since you're Canadian, learning French will probably come in handy, rather than German or Italian. The French spoken in Switzerland is not quite the same as the one spoken in Quebec, but it's easy to get used to one if you know the other. Canadian French has a very characteristic set of French dialects that -- when compared to standard French -- feature big differences in pronunciation, small differences in vocabulary, and the same grammar. Swiss French is essentially the same as France French, with a mild accent and a few particularities in vocabulary. I'd say the differences are similar to those you'd encounter as a Canadian traveling to the British isles. So in other words, since you'll have to learn a language anyway, you might as well learn one that you're more likely to use back home. Certainly it never hurts to know German, though it's less likely to be useful. The francophone world is quite large, between Canada, Europe, parts of the Caribbean, Africa or even Polynesia. On the plus side, topics like polisci and economics often feature some classes in English. The university in Lugano doesn't look like it has a polisci curriculum at this time, just so you know, but you'd have a very different experience going there than if you went to Zurich or another one of the large cities of Switzerland, so that's something to consider. Lugano is a small place nestled by a lake in a beautiful valley and there's no place like Ticino elsewhere on Earth. You will find it an enriching experience no matter where you end up going, if you end up going, but I wanted to throw some things out there for you.
At least it's not running Windows. I'm always shocked to see devices such as public transportation info panels or ATMs running Windows. Not that Linux-based devices are immune to crashing, but you do see a lot more of those kinds of devices displaying Windows error messages than you see *nix error messages... Anyway, using RPi for these things seems like a great idea to me, it's super cheap to acquire and maintain and *should* just work :)
Yeah I know it gets cold in Minsk and was actually wondering if the cold could be an issue when I posted earlier. Would it be an issue? Or is the risk of condensation the actual problem?
Really it depends on the company or department, there's no unwritten rule about IT departments that its members must be bearded or beardless. I have a beard, my coworker has one, and, I mean... tons of people in IT or software dev have beards! It's not just stories! Humorous exaggeration: http://www.wired.com/2012/11/20-12-st_beardtaxonomy/ But yeah you'll be fine. Just maybe not in a hoity-toity bank/insurance/law firm.
Size doesn't matter, quality does! Okay, size does matter to an extent, of course, but you don't want to just grab whatever wattage is right without looking at a PSU's build quality and the power delivery on the +12V rail(s). The short answer is a good 550W PSU is totally fine for an average build with a 980 Ti. And by "average" I mean one or two SSDs/HDDs, a few fans, an average overclock, so a good build, just nothing extravagant.
PSU = Power Supply Unit. It takes AC power from your wall and converts it to DC power for your components, since they can't use AC. I equate it to the heart of a computer. It's extremely important to get a good one. If you've ever connected a computer to a wall outlet, you probably connected the other end of the cable to something in the computer -- that's the PSU :) Likewise, if you've ever used a laptop, what most people might call the "charger" is a PSU.
And a good 650-750W unit will be fine for overclocking :) Any of these would serve you well: http://pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-220g20650y1 http://pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-220p20650x1 http://pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-220g20750xr http://pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-220p20750x1 Just depends how much you want to spend and how efficient you want the PSU to be. It doesn't have to be EVGA but these are excellent and tend to be priced very aggressively.
Thermaltake TR2/TRX units are never good ideas, they're pretty low end. Not ticking time bombs like Diablotek or Logisys, but low end.
Even though it appears to be running fine, if you have a crappy PSU, it could still be feeding bad power to your components and damaging them over time/reducing their life span. If you already have a good one, though, there's usually little point in upgrading, unless you need more wattage for something, or want a modular unit.
