Jeez people, the '5 minutes' was obviously a figure of speech. Man, you guys are wound tight.
Yeah, I'm looking at those now. This has 'I'm going to spend a ton of time on this, but then the game won't launch and I'll never figure out why' written all over it. Hard choices. I really want that change though. I may take a crack at it.
I most likely will take you up on that then. Currently downloading all the stuff I need. Ugh, here I was thinking this could be solved in 10 seconds by changing a number in a file to a different number. Plot twist.
I cannot seem to find it, but I seem to be using a different version of UE Explorer than on the tutorials. I can search in the classes itself, but I have no Tools &gt; Find option, making it impossible to know where the piece of code I'm looking for is hiding.
'I don't like this thing, therefor anyone who does is less of a person than I am'. Well said. You couldn't have been clearer that you're a dumb cunt.
It worked for me. Make sure you adjust the amount of kills it requires to earn a promotion on the correct difficulty you're playing on. Also remember your soldiers can only earn a maximum of one promotion per mission. I'm not sure what else could disrupt it.
Nevermind, I'm a huge idiot. I forgot to add this line above the lines: [DLC_2.X2Item_DLC_Day60Weapons] Oops.
Minion Horde is a fantastic defensive option though. The dps it deals is amazing. If you play them and your opponent fires arrows at them instantly, they will still kill their target before dying to arrows, unless Giant. The fact they can target air makes them even better. Offensively, they are less useful unless you have good timing.
After? Ah, thanks. I was looking for it in the settings before starting. Can't seem to log in though... does it always take a while before the account is activated or what? I can log in to the site just fine.
Yes, but it is much more managable to deal with the consequences. XCOM 2 has various mission types that pop up once in a while. Guerrilla Missions are the ones that have replaced Abduction Missions (EU/EW) in terms of consequences. They pop up only once per month as opposed to 3-4 times. The way they work narratively is that XCOM gets intel to disrupt some of the aliens activity and you can choose where to strike. If you do not, the aliens will finish the activity they are building towards. XCOM can only strike in regions you have control over though. A max of 3 missions will pop up at once and you have to choose one of them. As you guessed, them finishing their activity will negatively impact you. It is called a Dark Event. There are several types of Dark Events and they are randomly chosen. Some include: All Advent forces gain one armor for a month; Advent raids make rookies cost double for a month; Advents awareness goes up practically making concealment worthless for a month. Etc. Etc. You can see before hand which is which and then choose which one you want to prevent most. However, the consequences of the Dark Events, while certainly noticable, are very minor compared to EU. If theoretically all Dark Events came to pass it still wouldn't be a huge deal. Especially not if you are somewhat good at the game. At that point one more point of armor doesn't really matter, a reinforcement pod on every mission for a month doesn't really matter. Etc.
(request)
That's why I suggested the tactical ones. The strategy layer ones either don't make sense or would be too harsh.
No comment.
Oh nice, thanks for that :)
Thanks! Very nice. Quickly done. Will install and try it tomorrow morning. Will it work with existing campaigns?
No?
You got a raise?
Bungie rewards foul play. If they took their game anywhere close to seriously they would ban these people for life. But no, they won't do anything and even if they did it would be a minor slap on the wrist. Bungie makes it so going flawless is easier and safer if you cheat. Their lack of decisiveness can be a real bummer.
Disagree. This isn't anywhere close to the same thing. I played Destiny for 80 hours before I got the Thorn bounty. After 2 weeks of Nightfalls I got the Ice Breaker which is like 2 hours of play. Most people have it at this point and I bet everyone will have it a month from now. The droprate is such that it isn't really hoping, it's just a matter of time.
Because Bladedancer is a better Super on almost all fronts. Stop trying to get everything better than everyone else? Hammers miss extremely easily even with Flameseeker. As a Hammerbro let me tell you people who post clips of dodging 3 Hammers as if it's a feat: you're clearly not playing Sunbreaker and your lack of experience makes this argument shit, every time it's brought up. That shit misses so easily, it's not even funny. 'If Sunbreakers get 6 Hammers, Gunslingers should get 6 shots' - No. You just never play Sunbreaker and don't understand how incredibly inbalanced that would be. 6 Hammers are as efficient as 2 Golden Gun shots **maybe**. Similarly, Suncharge misses all the goddamn time even when it should have hit. It doesn't even register half the time. As someone who pkays Hammer and Blade, trust me on this, Blade is much better bar a few specific situations. Also, the class is just better because Quickdraw is so much stronger than Flameseeker, a perk you need ti make your Super less shit, but still shittier than Blade.
They need to buff Suncharge. Not nerf it.
Haha hilarious. Even the best Sunbreakers miss all the goddamn time, but of course you hit everything because you're a god. Fine buddy, you're the best. For the rest of the entire planet though, that Super is not that good.
Haters are actually never sent after you specifically. The game populates your game with Haters based on where people died in theirs. The ones sent after you are called Hunters. You will know when they enter your game because it will say on the top right: You're being hunted.
Yeah, just bait an attack, dodge it, go for a counter and then refuse your last hit since you can be countered after it, instead just roll away. Repeat that process. You're not wrong in thinking it is hard, being one shot sucks. But you can alter your strategy for that. Try it out.
Is this still the case on higher levels though? I imagine if you have a fully leveled grade 4 or even 5 character guarding your shit, it can get hard. Especially if they are beefy and send a Defender with super armor out first so the second guy might spawn before the first one is dead. At the same time, since raiding is the only reliable source of SPLithium, do we really want to make it balls-hard?
The hard evidence is in my pants. Ha! I like my own joke. It has a double meaning.
I didn't say nor think that. I was comparing it to Blade specifically. OP is basically saying Blade needs to be more powerful in comparison to Hammer than as it is now. I am contesting that saying Blade doesn't need more love at all if you're comparing it to Hammer, because in that respect Hammer is worse.
That's at least a question worth asking. Is Fabian Strategy really any better than... I mean... Is any random weapon really any better than Fabian Strategy? Yeah, probably. I've used it, it is extremely cool in Patrol on lower Light guys because stuff dies fast. You barely every have to reload, you regain health quite often and it actually murders faster up close. But on any sort of on-level content it can't kill anything quick enough in the first place. Rendering everything useless.
But Shadowshot is mostly based on your aim. If you are going to hit me and I dodge, it will track and murder mr regardless. HoS doesn't do that. You'll just miss.
It is pretty much the only Exotic I use, next to Saint-14 sometimes. They are worth it.
I disagree strongly with the entire internet that ME3 was bad. It was by far the best playing one, especially on Insanity. That multiplayer was also fantastic.
Too bad they don't do anything.
That's unresonable. Bump the game down to easy. Don't blame the dev for your poor strategy. The game is not meant to be easy and if Archons are already giving you trouble you are really not going to like the later enemy types. Alternatively you can edit the ini files to reduce their health to 1 and damage to 0. You should probably do that as you stand no chance of finishing the game legitimately with your attitude.
I downloaded the mod by Grimy that makes Rulers immune to execution. Much more fun that way.
I am though. Everyone is talking about being excited for Vault of Glass returning. It sounds like the most absolute boring thing to me to rehash something old. You should look on this sub more often. Almost all of the requests for content are always older stuff.
I don't think you can ban sex offenders feom bathrooms because first of all, a sex offense can be something extremely minor or even untrue. Second of all, they would have no place to pee? You want them to pee in the office or store in their pants?
To create a pervert-free space for women. I think most men wouldn't mind shared bathrooms. At least less so than women.
Come on you guys, does the word you use matter that much? Clearly if someone tells you you can't do X because you're black it feels worse on an emotional level. You must understand that?
Or I haven't seen many bullet holes and aren't an expert on the subject? Calling everyone an idiot because they don't know something that you do: that is idiocy.
They all had committed previous crimes too? Armed robbery? Why do people fuck around with people like this? Give them life in prison or let them choose death. It's really that simple because people like this won't change.
I liked DOOM but the insane praise it has gotten seems off to me. It is a really good shooter. Not thw best shooter campaign ever made as some claim. It is fun to play through, but I would have liked it better if they threw more demons at you on Nightmare instead of having you be one shot by most attacks. I did not enjoy that and stopped playing on my Nightmare run.
Yes. It's pretty much a guaranteed chance as long as a VIP rescue mission pops up. Instead of rescuing a Scientist or Engineer, you'll rescue one of your soldiers. It's one at a time though and those missions pop up once a month or once every two months. Which means it could take you a year to get that entire squad back.
I'm afraid that's a placebo you're experiencing. You feel like they interrupt your every scan because you convinced yourself they pop up all the time. In reality they pop up once per month. That means you have 30 days on average between Guerrilla missions. I get that you just want to gather all the free things on the overworld forever, but it doesn't work like that.
One of the following is true: 1. You are being spotted by units you cannot see. 2. You are moving through terrain that is in fog of war. 3. You make your action too quick to notice you will be spotted. In the cases of 1 and 2 the game will not tell you you are going to be spotted. Good luck. If you feel like none of those are true, record when it happens and I'll tell you what happened. But this should cover it.
I don't see a problem. Disregard the Archons as they can't kill anyone at this point in the game. That MEC needs disabling or be dead because of rocket volley attack. Then stun the Sectopod. This is completely doable if you have one hacker with you, which you should. Stasis also.
Not dependant on individual soldiers. Yeah, my guess would be you moved through a (small) fog of war area where they had LOS. It happens to me sometimes still just as a mistake for not noticing the move would go through FOW.
Anyone read the actual story? He was a convicted felon who committed many more crimes and was alledged of lots of others. Him gettung 22 years for the remote was obviously a loop hole to punish him for everything he did without needing evidence of everything else. Smart. Unethical too though.
No, placebo :) he thinks it happens a lot, therefor assumes it does happen a lot and feels like he is limited by something that doesn't actually happen. That's placebo. Confirmation bias is if you"re only searching for specific evidence that back up your bias and disregard anything that opposes it. I don't see him giving any evidence for anything. If there were 10 people responding to him it doesn't happen that often and one person that tells him that it does and he takes that one person's word as proof: that would be confirmation bias.
I'd watch that.
Takinh over your body, not your workload. I wouldn't need to know about that.
