Exact same thing happened to me. Im heated.
Yea that does make me feel a bit better. Wow making me feel better than Newegg did with just one message
I should've went with Sapphire of XFX instead of msi. Considering they had way more stock. MSI sold out after ten minutes.
- video rendered from a RX 480
Don't you mean 29-1? Lost to Utah second to last game of the season.
Ah
You can take it anywhere. SJSU recommended me to do Fullerton since it was better
Exactly
That's animal abuse
If Lebron didn't get punished for kicking Iggys nuts then why shouldn't Zaza?
Harrison Barnes was in that series
It's great for your value and being fast food, no one can deny that
Andrew Bogut...
Just a reminder lebron has never won a ring without a superteam
Just like your argument of "73-9 means nothing without a ring" then why does it all of a sudden mean something now?
Wtf I never implied that, the only thing I implied was that lebron couldn't win without superstars and Hall of famers
They were up 3-1 but the injuries and suspension completely plagued them. You can't even deny it. Bogut was out the series, Curry was playing on a sprained MCL, Iggy was barely running on his tweaked hamstring, and then there's Harrison Barnes.. playing like he's injured but just shit
Even your own fans agreed game 4 was rigged
I'm interested. Tbh I've been eating terribly and been trying to control myself for awhile now
I agree. Does that also mean I can't pay off my tuition and fees monthly as well for housing..?
What do suites offer compared to normal?
Hey! Keep me updated as well on what you do please if you figure it out!
I live in central California but once every few years I come down to my grandparents condo they own in Laughlin and I think it's fantastic, especially at night. It's beautiful
I wish I could block you
I've got a 480 8 GB
PM me
Why would someone trade a better laptop for a worse one with a dent..
You aren't gonna find 2 1070's for 330. Lmao
Why do I get downvoted just cause of misleading text..
I got a 480 8 GB.. can do 360 shipped.
Would you be willing for a 480 8 GB?
Link??
Yea but unfortunately eBay takes so much with fees including PayPal ☹️
Honestly a 980 Ti is cheap and only performs 5% worse than a 1070. Good luck!
Could be a bad PCI lane on your motherboard. Try a new PCI express slot. Edit: Could also be a DOA GPU
PC part picker. It matches compatible components of your choice and price range
PM'd
Then it's definitely a bad card. Even if drivers weren't installed you'd still get a display of some sort.
I'd invest in less ram and a spend a little more for a 1060. 1050 Ti won't get you the highest settings at 1080p 60 fps. 1060 would be a great option.
Some games are just terribly optimized and that's why both CPU and GPU usage aren't high.
When you pulled the card out you could've possibly fried it through static discharge.
Possibly. I mean once I fried my MacBook Pro doing something similar. The laptop still worked just when it was plugged into the wall. Meaning if you fry it, it doesn't mean you fried the entire thing. Have you ever seen the oven method for fixing a graphics card? I'd suggest researching that on YouTube. Even LinusTechTips did it on a dead GPU and it worked!
Thanks, VRAM is way more important than real ram
Yes always up to date
You're not going to find that for that price.. just letting you know so you don't waste your time. Go for a 980 Ti instead. Cheaper and performs better
Anything but a mini. Best brands are ASUS and MSI
Mining has caused every RX GPU to inflate in price significantly in the last week
How do you find out if it's downvoted? All my phone says is "Vote"
Ah on mobile it says nothing
I can bet.. 430$ for a 4 GB model at least let it be 8
