Easy. 343.
Fiction can be fun!
Khal Dough-go?
Can't they jailbreak it? Source: I know nothing about phones.
I never heard of this game. I LOVE arpg's. I'd play the hell out of this. It looks great. Thanks for doing the giveaway. [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
Can we get a list of these games? What's the Valve one?
The opposite, been playing since Game &amp; Watch. I just grew tired of FPSes. I have played a bit of Left 4 Dead (the first, and never the second), but the picture of L4D2 looks like a third-person isometric game, akin to the early Resident Evils. L4D2 is an FPS, no?
I beat the game in one sitting. What a great fucking experience. I highly suggest it to platformer lovers, or anyone really. Really amazing atmosphere and the pacing for puzzles was perfect. So enjoyable. Thanks again!
Well done. As someone who's allowed for an exception to the no-cheating policy (i.e. forgiven), don't ever allow for an exception to the no-cheating policy. You'll end up regretting it.
http://i.imgur.com/c7NJRa2.gif
Ooh, I like this offer. Nice giveaway OP. I'd most want Ori and the Blind Forest, but going with your theme of stretching your dollars, I'll stick with my recent request for Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty, since it's still on sale. The reason for either game is the same really. I love platformers, in all shapes and sizes. I love exceptional ones like Super Meat Boy, puzzlers like The Swapper or The Bridge, action ones like Guacamelee, stealth ones like Shadow Faction, and beautiful &amp; tough ones like Ori and the Blind Forest. My [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut). As for the person I am closest too, That's an easy choice for me: my wife. We grew up on opposite sides of the globe, speaking different languages, yet are nearly identical. Surprisingly, our values and cultural upgrading are very similar. We care passionately about all the same subjects, love the same music, and enjoy the same aesthetics. We have the most heated and outrageous arguments, but even those are great. She's incredibly intelligent and insightful and challenges me on a daily basis. I respect her as a partner and an equal and now, can't imagine my life without her. Before, I was just dating for companionship with no interest in lifetime commitment. Meeting her taught me why people get married. So we did. :) Sheen nyen kwuy lu (my wife taught me how to say it, I taught myself how to spell it) Thanks OP.
First, I'm going to brush up on the best Steam Sale practices (when to buy, when to hold out, etc.). Next, I'm going to check my list on an eight hour rotation. Before work, after work, before bed (and most likely anytime in between). Finally, I'll keep my eye on personal favorites that go on sale for super cheap so I can give them away to friends and GOG. I'm most looking forward to Ori and the Blind Forest, hopefully a bigger sale on the new Oddworld, ooh, Talos Principle... Ok honestly, my wishlist. I carefully cultivate my list on a weekly basis, ordered according to my current interest, and trimmed of any extraneous games. I'm psyched about them all. Anyway, I am thrilled.
King Me!
A completely non-violent, exploratory, open world game. Gone Home meets GTA V. FPS meets the Sims. Observe virtual people living out their lives down to the tiniest detail (think inside Trevor's trailer), but in doing so, discover a conspiracy, that you yourself are being watched, and that the game itself is not what it seems, a la Dark City or Thirteenth Floor. Go.
Oh, thanks for the awesome new sub. :)
That's it. Thank you.
The power of exclusives has been waning year after year. It's a dying model. While I don't think it'll ever disappear completely (console makers can always produce their own games), it no longer justifies purchasing an entire console. Twenty years ago, it made sense. 80% of games were split between two systems with the remaining 20% on PC. Today, most releases are multi-platform, or at the very least, eventually slated for PC. The paradigm has shifted. 80% of games are on PC, with the remaining 20% split between three consoles. Granted, my percentages are just rough estimates, but they illustrate a point. That since time is finite, and that the ultimate goal is to play the games you enjoy most AND that you have time for, a PC absolutely guarantees an endless library to choose from, whereas a console's library will always be finite. Of course I want to play The Last of Us, but I won't buy an entire console for it, whether I can afford it or not. What happens afterwards? I just end up with a big brick in my media console. I do still have a PS3 connected, but that's because it is technically one of the better blu-Ray players sub $1,000, and as such I still get constant use out of it. Please understand, that me saying all of this is bittersweet. Everything I wrote before, I did so begrudgingly. I grew with video games. Owned most every system from Coleco Vision to the Lynx. But it no longer makes sense. Hell, just the other weekend, and with minimal effort, I turned a DS Lite into a Nes, Snes, Gba, and Genesis emulator, complete with hundreds of roms (my entire game library growing up). It's a sign of the times. So... yeah. I love consoles, but I'll be sticking with my HTPC and wireless controller. :(
700?!?! Ouch. I think at that size, your wishlist is hardly doing you any favors. I'm sure you receive notifications about sales all the time. Do you actually want 700 games? Lol. Yeah. I'd agree. You should trim it down. Or even wipe it and start over.
I second this. I too have Valdis Story on my list, and Axiom Verge.
Thanks OP! Jumping right in tonight.
I practiced my mom's signature and just signed whatever I needed myself. Anything less would've tipped her off.
Or maybe just happy.
Clevah gerl.
This a brick of some of the finest basmati. Shit's real pure. No husks, no bleach, no bugs, just the finest long grain. I'm talkin' bout the real fluff. When you cook, remember to bring to a boil and then reduce to a simmer for 15 minutes. For you? $7.50 a brick. Those are friend prices.
Gifted | Grabbed 14 [Thank you thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/GiftofGames/comments/38m72n/gog_thank_you_ucharredgrass_for_oddworld_new_n/) [Steam ID](https://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
YOU THINK THIS IS A GAME!?!
Simone? I want to say her name was Simone when Ben Stein was calling roll.
Because if he had said 11 Million, the math police would've shat all over him.
Watch Indie Game: the movie. If you found Ready Player One inspirational, you'll go full-tilt game dev after watching that. Or not. Depends on your passion for game making.
I never called it a documentary, though it does document the lives of three indie developers. Likewise, it's meant to be inspirational. Stories of three (+teammates) devs that persevered through hardship and personal ruin, 'cept John Blow, of course. ;) It's about inspiration. Success always has a tiny sample size. I'd much rather watch a doc about them succeeding, then me failing. [Or you could just watch this. :D](https://youtu.be/nuHfVn_cfHU)
Simple. Organ donation. What you're eating could be saving or vastly improving someone else's life. As for the scraps? You're not a dog.
I have to admit, that's half the reason I linked it. Despite all of his controversy, I found the video surprisingly sincere and earnest.
Good point. Thank you.
Did you mean twenty two years ago? I remember playing it too, also around a clunky CRT, but it must've been around 1993.
I think there might be a problem with your computer. I know a website that will scan your computer for free and check for viruses. I can direct you to it, if you like. You might have to install the scanner software, but don't worry, it's safe. I promise.
I've watched the video numerous times, but I never quite understood what it was supposed to be about.
It's very much real. Also, your long-lost foreign second cousin died and left you everything, but in order to claim your inheritance, the executor of the will is asking that you pay $5,000 out of pocket. You can send me the money. By the way, if you need a good way to make a quick buck, I know a Nigerian prince that would pay you back ten fold for an airplane ticket. FIFA has football's best interests at heart. Jet fuel can't melt steel beams. HL3 confirmed.
Oh, lol. I'm thinking of the right game though, right? I never played return to wolfenstein. Ok, I see what happened.
Has anyone completed the task? It seems impossible
Thanks to advice from /u/delti90 and [his awesome guide](http://anthonythomas.io/tag/gba-macro/?pow=datea), I've been enjoying this little toy all week. He also makes and sells these if you can't do it yourself.
Yes, I linked to his tutorial and gave him credit. I posted my own to show that it doesn't just have to be a GBA emulator.
The point of removing the top screen is to make it more portable, lighter, save battery life, likewise none of the games play on two screens. The original creator did it because of a broken screen. I did it for the reasons above. If I want, I can reattach the screen. But I already have a 3DSXL for DS games. It's incredible how much more playable and balanced the system is without the top screen.
Doesn't have the controls. More expensive. Bust mostly lack of controls.
You said the only reason to do it is if the top screen is broken. I just gave some other reasons. I love the dimensions of the bottom half of the DS lite.
I use gbaexploader.
If you are already the slightest bit interested in seeing this film, DON'T WATCH THE FUCKING TRAILER. Even though it apparently doesn't give absolutely everything away, it reveals enough to remove the mystery for potential movie goers. I regret watching this. Hopefully, I can save someone else the same mistake.
Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.
I opted to 100% it. Great game.
I feel like a lot of relationships end because of too much time or not enough time spent together. Try to hit that sweet spot. Good luck OP.
I won't lie; I clicked for the butt. But I came away with something infinitely more profound.
