I think the original post is somewhat deranged but raises enough points to be worth a serious answer Firstly, most of the people identified as such when they took the UK further into the EU, were doing it because it was an easy way to get change they wanted to see. EG, Tony Blair, with the Maastricht treaty social chapters, Human Rights Act, etc Going back earlier, in the 1980s one of the basic principles in favour of joining the ERM at a high exchange rate was that it put pressure on the private sector to curb price inflation (inflation and exchange rates are mutually interlinked, if you lock the exchange rate you can't devalue through inflation and have to control inflation instead) would you call Mrs.Thatcher a Euro-federalist? Defining characteristics that make these people non-federalist are their love of power, their desire to keep passing laws locally and telling people what to do. True federalists would realise their position as MPs is untenable unless they resolve not to use their powers Then.. there are the minority, the true federalists. People like me. I'm 37 years old. I've never been on a battlefield defending the sanctity of my nation's borders against invading armies. I've never needed to. Nor has my father.. although my grandparents fought. There was a major war in Western Europe more or less every 40 years from the era of the Roman Republic to 1945. One of the reasons I attribute to it having stopped is that when European nations have true freedom of action and policy, they invariably end up misaligned with their neighbouring states to such an extent that only war can resolve the differences. The Treaty of Rome stopped that, dead And millions live today who otherwise might not. The EU is often ridiculous, obstructive, inefficient, corrupt, silly, contradictory. And I am constantly glad of it A battlefield is a whole lower level of corruption and degradation. I don't expect many of you to agree. I will not respond to any replies to this posting, I feel I've said my bit.
No, its just feeling let down.
*^dogfish
I am seeing disturbing* crossover imagery from Woman In Love and LoTR now. *To me. It'd certainly appeal to some and good for them. BRB, off to poke out my mind's eye with a pencil
Or a chinese thing. In pancakes
&gt;How did a crab kill your mom? Well executed pincer movement
&gt; then who am I to say otherwise. Think you've pretty much nailed it there. I see it differently to what follows those words, but essentially you and i see the same.
well, that's a pane
Northern Ireland.it just screams prejudice
Accountant here: The next decade for me would be ten years of highly profitable consulting work on rebuilding credit ledgers from old printouts, backups and mail archives. Most of the companies I am familiar with would survive this event untarnished after some work
No, he sent his grandmother to research him
Yes. I've always run family cars, since I was 18, for exactly this reason. One of the cheapest cars for a 17 year old to insure is a Volvo 940 2.3 litre turbo. Which is a truly great comfortable fast car with an 'image' that makes insurance salespersons sleep well at night.
So, BJU Sucks
I buy Denso plugs for my car via Amazon, for 30% of what they cost in the store.
It was the day that serving staff circulated their boxes - which were money-boxes to collect tips on an annual basis Anyone who provided a service - milk-deliverers, grocers boys, maids, would take part. Those they provided a service to would contribute.
It would be very hard to quantify - because even a percentage isnt easy to compare (a minimum wage worker would notice 10% going to charity more than an investment banker would) I try to do it based on a low level of charity direct debits and a periodic cash-in-my-hand basis - every couple of weeks if I see a charity collector I like, I give them the entire cash contents of my wallet, the logic being its not enough to break my cashflow but it is enough that I notice the lack of it. If possible, try to remember the charities you really like in your Last Will &amp; Testament. That way you can correct any self-perceived shortfall in your contribution to the betterment of the world
That's somehow undermined by the fact that Maj. Helstrom willingly sits down next to an armed Stiglitz - a career-ending move in most circumstances.
It's happened to me twice now. Neither posts were anywhere close to what I thought were my best contributions (most of which rarely even get a point) 1) Explained the tax effects of use of an ISA for savings &amp; investments under UK law 2) Made a pun about Michelin Stars in reply to someone who suggested eating a car tyre (tire)
if it was ten seconds pumping, thats a gallon of petrol, maybe a gallon and a half. You could have continued filling the tank with premium diesel, driven fast for fifty miles, filled the tank again with diesel and forgotten all about it. Concentration would be well below the point it causes issues (pre modern injection pumps and common-rail, the owners manuals for diesels recommended putting in a gallon of petrol to every tank in cold winter periods to prevent the fuel solidifying)
In the UK, as recently as the early 1990s you could buy petrol by star ratings, 4-star was generally reckoned best , equivalent to modern premium.. but lower ratings also existed. 3-star and 2-star for low efficiency engines, mopeds, etc Is is possible your Camry was specced for regular fuel at a time that sub-regular fuel was also available in some markets it was sold in? IE, they werent prepared to guarantee optimum performance on 88-RON but would on 95-RON ?
"It's a substantial snack. Don't knock it"
if they could state that debt as a proportion of GDP had fallen (arguably a more relevant statistic - think of it as credit card balance versus paycheck size) I might overlook the absolute terms growth Sadly, it hasn't. The graph I found had estimates for 2012 to present and on the basis of that questionable information it appears that the rate of debt growth as % of GDP has reduced. I can't argue with the logic of only spending what you can afford - its what I try to do.
Justifies it nicely though doesn't it. I think most of us would live with killing an armed man who threatened us - if it was someone who actually dropped the hammer, that makes it a hell of a lot easier.
Here speaks a man who can't understand how much air exists within a floor of a large skyscraper - or the immense sideways pressure that air exerts as the floor that stood 25 feet tall is crushed to absolute flat in the space of a single second
if you read to the bottom, these questions have been answered in this thread by the mod team. One individual was banned for racism*, others had temp bans which now expired, and it seems at least one was a victim of a miscarriage of modjustice and has been restored with an apology *seems to be a regular kipper theme, sadly. Freedom of speech only goes so far.
Its probably more to do with "marginal propensity to consume" On a broad scale more people buying stuff means economic growth - but the increase in consumption has to be within the ability of the economy to grow to provide it, else you just get inflation. If a person spends 95% of their income, when you give them a pay rise they are likely to spend the extra money - as its likely they normally live under some constraints, and have to do without. A wealthy person spending 50% of their income is more likely to bank the extra cash. the Tory counter-argument (for balance) is that funding for starting businesses comes from the richer proportion - either by their investing in share subscriptions or by banks intermediating their deposit balances into loans for industry - and without that capital investment growth is restrained. They would also point out that many 'richer' people live a lifestyle that reflects their ability to buy luxury goods, and that they dont save as much as they should and as a result, the marginal propensity argument is iffy
We took big pre orders for a device that might be called a gamebox or an xstation or something. The makers - sonysoft or microny - then said we had to get all our pre orders to buy games as well as the console.. Or they wouldn't fulfill our order When we told them, half of them demanded we refund their deposits. That Cashflow hit killed us stone dead. It was an outright breach of contract but we didn't have enough cash left to sue them
Cars. Buy them with 80000 miles on the odometer for a fraction of the new price when they are only half way through their service life
You can derive information about inputs to a situation from the outputs from it. Known outputs: British moslems are fighting for ISIS abroad, other British moslems have been arrested while attempting to leave for ISIS, more have been arrested for attempting to send money to ISIS Likely cause of these events: That some British moslems are in favour of the political-religious theories expounded by ISIS derived information: A population of ISIS supporters exists within British islam. With accurate information about how many of them leave for ISIS or try to, you could estimate the size of the pool of believers by making some assumptions about the proportion of those who believe, who are moved to act It must be fairly significant though
I'm not aligned with his politics but bizarrely always rather respected Hague, because he actually talks and disregards his own mannerisms and vocal ticks, rather than speaking waffle in an impressive fashion There's an honesty in it. Or, if I'm wrong, then he's much more talented than I give credit for
&gt; Put a cat and an equal weight anything else in a room "This is a 4kg bomb"
But you should see him paint (Three rooms, two coats, in one night!)
In seriousness, I understand the target market is young black men and, apparently, me (late-30s English accountant)
I'd appreciate context from anyone active in the 70s gay scene as to whether this would be thought of as moderate speech at the time
if we equated projection of control areas to government, you guys would be well on top. But being a dominant power over sovereign territory you dont govern doesnt count
Mass hysteria, same causes fainting fits in single-sex schools. Not uncommon.
It's a myth. Doesn't exist. Used as an excuse by the parents of feral children
They got through 6 child actors while producing the Flipper series of films
typical bull shit
It is an offence of note
He would probably note that your reaction justifies some of his prejudice.. You are however right that barring true extremes it is folly to refuse to hear the words of one who would debate.
OK, fair enough. Thats the best argument in favour of an end to government 'recognition' of marriage, and equality of unmarried and married people under the law. But on a lighter note, any asexual who is getting shafted is possibly not very good at it.
"It wasn't just the jews. 4 loyal Germans died in the camp too - their guard-tower collapsed in a storm"
Stand Your Ground! No tree will perilously elevate American felines Speak to your senator about the right to bear anti-arboreal artillery
even short people need to come out of their shell
I've lived in shared homes for 9 years now. I'd say - talk to the people you would be living with. This is a commitment similar in scope to a job interview so be careful If you dont feel you can trust them, it isnt going to work. If you do - then someone opens an extra account, collects payments in there, has bills paid from there, presents accounts to the others periodically
My 70s Triumph singlespeed (convreted - was a 3-speed) cruiser is difficult to ride no-hands. Something about the tyre profile makes it twitchy. Tremendously controllable once I got the knack but took over a year of regular riding it before I was confident to take both hands off. And that at a time I could go for miles on an MTB without touching the handles....
Get sharp tools, cut into small pieces, trickle it out via the normal refuse collection. A friend of mine had a disused mobile home (big caravan style, not a motorhome) taken away by the council bin-men over the space of 3 months by cutting it into strips with an angle grinder and a power saw and inserting into his usual rubbish.
It may be worth re-posting this question into one of the LGBT sub-reddits - users there might be better informed on the specific services available to young LGBT peeps when endangered by their family Good luck.
Confusion is good. "Its time for business, if you'll pardon the pun" While they ponder the words and look for the pun, batter their face in with an iron bar
