Would buy a beer.
I just watch a movie or browse reddit in bed until I fall asleep. If I'm not sleepy I keep on watching / browsing until my eyes are heavy. Same thing right?
No that's just being a dumbass.
Get some self respect girl, this isn't a healthy relationship.
Elaborate on that last part.
No, Staten Island is the safest.
That made me laugh more than it should.
Uh, I wouldn't want you as my kids pediatrician sorry.
ITT: Everyone finds what they're looking for.
No...no he doesn't :-/
I'm sorry but this is pure comedy...I can see this in one of those cheesy sitcoms... I do hope that cat comes back, for your sake.
So, what's the update? You single OP?
Oh hell no, screw that job. I felt extremely dirty and sick just reading this. Ugh!!
Also Ashley is a guys name I've heard.
Thanks for your response, that makes me feel better.
Asking the important questions...
Maybe I'm an asshole but I would ask for her to get it back after the dance. Maybe have her exchange it would another piece of jewelry that doesn't have yall name engraved on it.
Just make sure she doesn't give away the engagement ring :/
Serious question. Is eggs and bacon everyday bad? Only using the grease from the bacon to cook everything. No butter or other oils. Salt and pepper to taste. No bread. Just eggs and bacon. Is that still bad diet-wise?
7 slices of bread!?! Can you find the source on that?? What about rum? I love a good rum and coke.
Ok this PS4 joke...I don't get :/
Seriously, how does insurance on a ring work? Can't someone just claim its lost and hide it? Do they get the full cost of the ring back?
What sort of style ?
Well hello there...
Is it free? For android only?
So they don't get bigger when thrown into the lake right? Seems silly to ask but just making sure.
Exactly what I was thinking. The choice is being made for home now, and for his adulthood. The parents are basically determining his diet for the rest of his life.
OP PLEASE ANSWER THIS.
Old enough to make... So that's like what 5 - 7 years old? Will he have a choice then?
She was tied up and crying though...
How do you think they got naked?
The best deodorant I've ever used. Doesn't stop the sweating, but I can have a full active day without any smells. It's such a relief that even though I'm crazy sweaty there's no scent.
I'm sorry, I don't understand how you aged so much? Other than losing tons of weight, you literally look like 70 now... how old are you?
Do you hold your breath for 30 secs too?
I don't know I would be really happy with 10 rolls of sushi.
&gt; /r/rapingwomen WTF IS THIS? The graphics alone on the page is fucking disturbing, are you kidding me????
Smooth.
Happens enough in NYC for everyone to be rightfully afraid of them. You can fall at least 20 feet into god knows what and break your ankles or worse.
Things I wish I didn't click today....now I feel sick to my stomach :(
Is he dead? I can't imagine this fitting in someone :-/ He must have been insanely big.
Those roots!
How do they upkeep the roots? That would be my only anxiety in coloring my hair.
&gt; I thought lemons make your skin photosensitive? Then you do it at night before bed.
Not WTF. Mildly interesting more like. Also, is this gonna be come a thing now? Showing off our bloody instruments?
This picture is so old, so reposted, you should feel ashamed of yourself :(
You're lucky, it's always someones bag or privates for me :-/
Unsubscribe.
Immediately made me gag, thanks.
omfg.....
My first thought was his downstairs neighbors must hate him.
