There is a "Dynamic War" option in Long War that let's you set the game to be shorter than vanilla or even longer than normal Long War mod. I have not tried it though.
I love Enemy Within as the new abilities you could get made you feel like you could get some trully powerful characters in your squad. That said I'd recommend playing it on hard difficulties, as some of the abilities are really freaking good.
Link for those who are lazy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXND6fkW4zM
I couldn't get into fallout 3 for the exact same reason. New Vegas had factions and even characters from previous fallout games. 3 opted to ignore all the story that was built in the previous games.
I'm the same but with Revan. Disney I need Revan to exist. Please make him canon.
I miss the old buildings and armies, forts, watch towers.
And probably wouldn't include non blood relatives, Hillary is presumably not blood related to Bill.
I would support a raise of the minimum age to serve to 21.
And Wisconsin.
Sounds pretty reasonable.
I do and I up voted this post. Same thing I do with the other things I read. What more did you want? Looking at the nays there is disappointing and I'll be sure to vote against my senator for voting yay, though both of my senators are republican.
GTA I switch from controller and keyboard depending on if I'll be driving more or shooting more. Personally I don't know what this guy is so worried about, I'm super pumped to play some games with my PS4 friends. We need MORE cross platform games.
Do they not realize that we get fallout as well....
You jokester you. That's what dlc is for.
I expect it will be fun actually. But I do not expect it to be an exact digital translation of the table top game. If that's what you are looking for I think you will be disappointed.
The founding fathers were not infallible, we don't have to base everything we do on what they wanted.
It is completely arguable. What the hell makes them geniuses? They succefully forged this nation with immense foreign aide yes that's true, but it doesn't make them geniuses.
Using just unofficial patches i seemed to get good mileage.
Yes, though he is a senator not a governor.
This article is from December of last year I can only assume it was posted as an attempt to discredit Sanders goal for a single payer system. This is not news.
Yes, implement Australian or English style gun control. Watch as price of black market guns skyrocket.
Pretty much everyone here agrees with Paul on this issue.
What does this have to do with communism?
I actually like March for the hilarious image of 4 murlocks climbing all over stitches as he tries to run away.
So are we just getting D3 heroes? Any chance we'll ever get Blood Raven, Andariel, Tal Rasha, Mephisto, Baal, or The Cow King?
Who names these things. I used to do retention for a cable company and I'd get phone calls from old women wanting to cancel their cable because their bill was too high. I had to tell more than one woman that the bill was high because someone ordered movies. They'd ask what movie and I'd have to tell them "Big bootie Bitches 3" or other similar shows.
Are you always an asshole or is today special?
What do the numbers mean? Centuries?
I'm OP.
It doesn't matter what the reasoning is. They should focus FAR more on anti hacking measures not on dlc. Last time I was in a mp game I had 52 million given to me by a hacker. What's the point of the online shit if the ecosystem is flooded with money. Oh and Rockstar never took the money from me. I reported the guy and sat on the money for a week.
Great but I won't get my hopes up.
14th amendment section 2 specifically allows states to suspend the right to vote for criminals.
The list here is for kills only. Not the interactions some heroes have when near eachother.
My current viewcount is 1,023,544 views and I'm a fucking idiot.
This is what I was getting at, the book version. I expect if she dies in the books it'll be due to Melisandre doing something at the wall now that Stannis is away and Jon is... busy.
Oh damn I cant wait to get home so I can watch it.
Dont do this to my feelers.
I have a lot of problems with OBS and MSI working together.
Until mechanics are automated.
I think you are correct, though I think they aren't NATO counters.
Sengoku was essentially a test run of the new ck2 engine. It's not bad but very dated. You would do better to try to find a mod for ck2.
There is a difference between a gun hater and someone who thinks gun control is good. Im one of these people you think if as gun haters I'm sure. I'm not posting here because there is no reason to. This lady did literally nothing that I disagree with. It's the ridiculous open carry and full automatic people that I have issue with. And I would venture that most people don't want to chime in on this thread because it would clearly turn very hostile very quickly.
What makes you think valve had something to do with it?
How do you make these?
I was referring to the people who want the ban removed. The same kind of people who think every single piece of hardware the military has civilians are entitled to aswell. Yes these people exist I've talked to them here on reddit. Anything from heavy caliber automatic weapons to tanks to chemical weapons. These people are the ones I have issue with. For the most part I like our guy control where it is. When I say I'm pro gun control I don't mean I want more, I mean I like what we have. Also sorry for any spelling or grammar issues, I switched to a new keyboard for my phone and it's a bit weird.
Open carry itself has never affected me as the only place I've been where we openly carried firearms was at some friends house in Wisconsin. From a purely societal stance though I don't see how anything we do at all would be positively improved by openly carrying a firearm. This is a point I could change on as like I said maybe I just haven't been in tea situation like that myself but I don't see how any situation that may be resolved easier with open carry couldn't be resolved with concealed carry. The other problem I have with it though is (I assume) pretty rare but it bothers me everytime I hear stories about it. That is, people open carrying just to make a point. All those dumb videos of people open carrying and spouting out shit to officers who check on them. At that point all you are doing is purposefully antagonizing a police officer for some YouTube views. Probably one of the best videos I've Sen that contained open carry but weren't consumed with an antagonistic personality was one in which a fellow was chased by some people and he pulled his holstered firearm and they backed off. It was a great example of how the presence of a firearm can cool down a tense and life threatening situation. What I'm not convinced of is whether or not it would be beneficial or harmful in the majority of cases. Anyway I think you can probably tell I'm not really strongly on either side of open carry but for now I am favoring no open carry. Hope some of this made some sense and didn't have too many spelling issues.
Didn't they cut her out of the show?
Reddit gets more servers fairly frequently, let's not pretend that they just ignore issues.
Good for them getting things in order that quickly. I think I"ll stick to Reddit for now though.
As someone who only recently started watching the show it's crazy to see these references that I never would have gotten before.
