867, limit to counts, and nobody gets to be Nantes.
Technically it was not the SAS, but the precursor. But more importantly he was SOE. We literally don't know what he did for most of the war because its still classified. We do know that at the end of the war he was tasked to do Nazi hunting.
&gt; The year of the leaks. &gt; &gt; The year of the butterfly effect. &gt; &gt; The year of Dorne... &gt; &gt; And now it's watch has ended. But, in the Year of the Shadow War, it became something greater: our last, best hope... for victory.
I liked that splat.
Reekdepmtion!
Varys, what.
HYPE
Oh god, Olly using Benjen...
And the dude Bran is training under is Aemon's great-uncle whose been missing for 50 years.
&gt; This is more contentious than legalizing meth, I think. There needs to be some provision for allowing plea bargains. The correct policy, I think, is to limit them to 3% of the cases that a prosecutor hears in any given calendar year. Jesus fucking Christ. Do you know how much that would break the system? **In California, its only ~3% of convictions that *aren't* plea bargained!** Not saying it's not a noble goal, but you'd need to massively increase the staffing of every court in the country.
BTW: Over powered counts are: Halfdan Whiteshirt of Jorvik: 6k event troops Halsteinn of Nantes: 2k Interesting character guide: http://www.ckiiwiki.com/Interesting_characters_guide
I might play as one of the others, but in MP it seems less fun as less glorious xwedodah is available.
Dang it, forgot to account for daylights savings, got another hour.
Could use more of the rivers.
&gt; Vinci, a city outside of LA Note: Vinci is clearly [Vernon](https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Vernon,_California), a town with very big scandals as its essentially 100% industrial and commercial land and only certain city employees live in the city, thus making the city employees the only voters. There's a whole history of corruption allegations and investigations, and attempts to deincorporate the city, as it acts as a sort of tax haven, as the businesses there don't have to pay for any of the residential expenses of their employees (like parks, schools, etc.). Senior employees often had multiple jobs, with raises or extra jobs thrown in right before retirement such that the city manager was getting over 500k a year (plus benefits) in retirement. The Vinci water tower shown in the establishing shot is the Vernon water tower with a bit of photoshop.
Dyeing for his art.
The traditional fastest guy is 83 year old Lyle Denniston. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lyle_Denniston Mostly because he uses a phone.
Ok new Mason does it right.
whose trying to catch Charles Manson, but doesn't realize it yet.
Woo actually seeing the aftermath!
When's the Hannibal food book coming out? I want me some of this glorious dream dinner.
Ugh too much whispering. Had to turn on closed captioning.
Ah crap, Jack is gonna have to go hunt Hannibal so he can pay for Bella's drugs.
http://i.imgur.com/QaDbboN.png
I am Jack's mad face.
The Germans run the ECB, and German fears of Hyper-inflation are a big motivating factor behind their strategy. The ECB thus wants Austerity to keep inflation down. Which is horrible for the Greeks who need inflation. I personally think the ECB's policies are stupid and short sighted. Its hurting the overall economy of the Eurozone except for high value exports, mostly centered in Germany (like cars and industrial equipment). And it's why the EU will eventually need to give more balance to population rather than wealth. I think the current formula for voting and purse powers in the EU that are essentially undemocratic and make it hard for the EU to work as a government.
Because it's a **central bank**, which means its owned by the government (in this case the EU), and its purpose is to control monetary policy. Its mostly Germans, and they wrote the initial rules, which are very anti-inflation.
It sounds like the judge is convinced the divorce was a way to dodge paying the wife's expenses. Which means they probably didn't get a lawyers advice on how to structure things several years ago when it would of made a bigger difference. Unfortunately a scenario like this is common, one spouse is relatively independent while the other requires expensive nursing care. There's ways to deal with it, but it's specialist work for an elder care attorney to deal with (and it varies a lot depending on the situation).
&gt; OS Kirk and Spock were also played by Ukrainian Jews. It also featured the first interracial kiss. The Animated Series added more crew including way more non-humanoid aliens as crew such as M'ress (lion woman) and Arex (3 limbs). &gt; TNG Troi was also an alien played by a Greek lady, which Poland ball shows gets a lot of shit. Its also important to note 3 senior officers were women. Riker's sexuality was suppose to be more fluid was well, but they wussed out (star trek wusses out a lot). &gt; DS9 Worf comes on over to DS9. Casety Yates whose also black. Dax ended up exploring lots of gender identity issues, including having same sex kissing (but again they wussed out). Plus again 3 senior officers who are women. &gt; Voyager Forgot Torres, whose character's name even suggest the actress is hispanic, although I think she's actually mixed race with a Spanish dad and black mom. And of course 4 female senior officers. &gt; Enterprise Yeah they didn't try so hard here compared to the last few.
It really depends on what you carry too, or if you're from a ethnic group with specific genetic issues. For example, if Huntington's runs in your family, its a horrible idea.
Tan, she's Scottish.
What makes it more fucked up is how many of the men volunteered for Combat, forming the 442nd Infantry. The most highly decorated unit in the US army was all Japanese American. Nearly 10,000 purple hearts for a unit whose size was only 4,000 (lots of replacements). One of those men was Daniel Inouye, who became the first Asian congressman. He lost his right arm in the war. And he still faced horrible discrimination when he came home, as Hawaii had massive racial policies intended to keep the white land owners in charge. EDIT: forgot to mention he got denied the medal of honor mostly on account of his race for the incident where he lost his arm.
&gt; I forgot just how open Riker sometimes was. The alien in question was played by a female actress, but was portrayed as being very androgynous. Ultimately, the episode itself was a huge take on gender identity norms, though it was primarily an allegory for homosexuality acceptance and an attack on those religious programs that seek to "cure" gay people. Apparently Franks fought hard for them to cast a man as the genderless alien, but lost.
Beat the Byzantines by becoming them...
Or-y-Gun if you're from the northern part of the state. Or-y-gin if you're more southern.
&gt; But the ACA didn't address TORT reform, which is why American physicians have to practice defensive medicine and constantly worry about lawsuits California has had a Cap on medical torts for 40 + years without increasing the cap. Doesn't seem to make a difference.
&gt; The study is careful to note that because Uber drivers are self-employed, those numbers don’t take into account driving expenses such as gasoline, depreciation, or insurance that employed drivers would have covered. Cool, so I may make 16 dollars per hour before accounting for my insurance, gas, and maintenance, compared to 12 where my costs are covered...
&gt; Absolutely not true. Uber covers the driver with commercial quality insurance for the times that the app is active Only since the middle of last year when they were sued and were forced to by the CPUC http://www.mercurynews.com/business/ci_25345400/san-francisco-uber-announces-new-insurance-policy-drivers
Start ups doing this include AirBnB, Uber, Lyft, Handy, Eaze, Luxe, Washio, Saucey...
I was using one example of 16 versus 12 to show that if you stop to think about 3 dollar a gallon gas prices, they're almost certainty making less in that city than a taxi driver.
&gt; they rush the field prematurely Cal loves them for that. [The Play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfebpLfAt8g)
It's all bretbart crap
Actually you should bitch. The ADA operates under what's called a [private attorney general](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_attorney_general), which requires people to sue to actually enforce the ADA.
Bear seems like a pretty happy dude.
Ass Ass Ass Ass Astronomical leader
They also believed in slavery. So holding their opinion as holy writ is suspect.
1. The Coven knew where she was. 2. The Coven can reach into hell. 3. The Coven can bring back the dead. So assuming she's totes dead for good is silly. And I think Sarah Paulson's Supreme is about to fuck up the cortez in a way she couldn't in murder house.
The time between shutting down the Sears catalog and Amazon being founded is less than a year.
It wasn't necessarily misogynistic, the study they cited showed its very much a generational divide.
Robert was a lazy general. He was a great fighter. Would of been happier if he was a sellsword.
