That one isn't that good, but considering your budget you will have to get lucky to find something better, $100 is not a crazy price for that bike by any means. But you do see nicer bikes being sold for the same amount by owners that don't realise they could get more. Ways to tell this was a bottom of the range bike: Shifters on Stem - All decent quality bikes of this era have the shifters mounted on the downtube Cottered cranks with chainguard - Good quality road bikes of the era (and today) don't come with a chainguard and use a different, more reliable system to attach the cranks. Metal dork disc (the metal disc next to the sprockets) - most better quality bikes of the era don't have a dork disc. General finishing quality of parts - The brake callipers and rear derailleur look cheap and poorly finished compared to what you would see on a more expensive bike. Would also say to go for bikes with modern 700c wheels rather than 27inch, as they will be slightly more recent and have more compatibility with modern parts This is the case for all 70s/80s road bikes, not just Japanese ones
Main principles are to stay loose and anticipate obstacles as /u/MuchUpTimeHours suggests, beginners often ride 'dead sailor' or stiff/locked out arms and legs, hitting stuff like a sack of potatoes. Doing some riding offroad would improve your technique and help teach the importance of weight distribution on the bike.
http://nashville.craigslist.org/bik/5040137405.html - this bike would likely be a good candidate, but it depends how tall you are. You would have to be very tall for the Trek to be worth considering.
&gt;It has been happening a lot lately. So who has been truing the wheels? That's the big question. &gt;I'm not sure if I should buy new rims/tires or save the cash for a new bike. Well that depends, do you like the bike? It's not a bike I would have recommended to anyone back then or now and it was about the very bottom of the Trek range. Whatever, it's not worth spending $150 on new wheels. But cheaper 26" mountain bike wheels are the sort of thing you'd be crazy to buy new, it's the fare of skips/recycle centres/garage sales/Craigslist for a few bucks.
Don't search, just browse/filter in the right category. Searching doesn't work because most people have no idea what they are selling.
There are organisations, the Cats Protection League in particular, which will pay for vets bills for the poorly off and especially for cats which have been adopted/rescued. She would likely not have to pay for any vet bills if she applied for help via them - I know people far better off who had bills paid for by the CPL because they rescued or adopted a cat. If you're talking purebred cats that have genetic disorders, need grooming and special feed etc, or indoors only cats that need litter and toys, it's a different story, but for a regular rescue moggy that shits outside you're talking about $5 a week for budget food. What is there that's better value for kids?
&gt;I don't know the slightest thing about cars &gt;I'm really keen on getting this Honda Fit 2002 Why? Maybe you would benefit from more general help with your car search. I should explain that it strikes me as confusing that you are really keen on a particular car when you claim to know nothing about cars.
If you are 5'2 that bike is far, far too big, it would be more suited to someone over a foot taller. You need to look for frames that are much smaller. The other bike I recommended would be a lot better but possibly even that would be on the big side. You are pretty much looking at getting the smallest frame sizes made (46cm or less/14inch or less/XS or smaller) depending on sizing system
Sure, though I mean it seems strange for them to be really keen on any particular car, I'm not saying anything about the Honda Fit. It makes me wonder if it's a rare colour like pink or bright yellow or something like that and that is why they are keen.
Because it's a free 'build your own website with no techical skills' site
I've read your post about five times and I'm a bit confused by how you think we would be able to tell you anything useful, based on the information you told us.
Well it's really hard to say anything much without linking to the bike - you can only use your own judgement on it's condition, value, chances of it being stolen etc. Though I understand your reluctance to. But getting a higher in the range bike for less money is great even if it is used - it's just I couldn't say "sounds awesome, go for it" because it might be stolen or have other red flags that can't be picked up on without seeing the listing. If the seller was willing to let you get the bike checked out at a shop chances are it's fine, if they were hiding a problem with it they would probably say no. If you go to the shop I would probably just ask for a safety check/inspection and not say that you are potentially buying the bike unless asked, because it's in their interest then to find problems with it and steer you onto buying a new bike with them. With regards to test riding, that's more important if you're test riding for fit/sizing or test riding for which bike is the best. If you are sure on fit and sizing, a $2200 bike will ride better just about for sure. Worst case you end up having to buy new contact points like saddle/handlebars/stem to adjust things, but you're saving enough that shouldn't matter.
I think it's because it's so poorly put together. The article is written in a way that it only makes sense to regular readers of that site/who are part of that scene and getting up to speed requires hours of reading and looking stuff up on google. From a context like Reddit it makes no sense without detailed background info that the OP struggled to, but couldn't express in the post title. A lot of online drama scandals/stories fall into this category nowadays and only takes off when someone from a site like arstechnica takes the time to put it together in a way that people from outside the scene or with less than infinite free time can understand.
Yeah something seems off. The cost of bike to cost of lock ratio is too far skewed and it is so carelessly locked up - it would be scratched up in no time. Could be a recently stolen bike locked up by it's thief, what you suggest, or OP setup
Fuck off with your amateur link-building campaign. Onyourbike sucks.
It is far too big for you. The bike is suited to someone a good six inches taller than you. To the point even with the seat at the lowest height like it is now it may be too high - do you stuggle to reach the bottom of the pedal stroke or do your hips wobble from side to side while pedaling? - if so it's worse than it just being the wrong size, you are rising injuring yourself from constantly overextending muscles and joints. If not, then sure you can ride it, but if you have to dismount on uneven ground or in a hurry you're going to bang your nuts on the top tube (if you're a guy) for sure, and are probably going to have a few crashes where you 'surf the top tube', rolling along slipped off the saddle on your nuts unable to reach the floor with your feet. You should just sell this bike and buy one the correct size. Not to mention that a bike that much too big for you is also going to be too long/stretched out. It may seem like I'm being mean/raining on your parade, it's great that you're biking and that's not a bad bike apart from the wrong size - but seriously, you should seek a properly sized bike asap. I wouldn't like to ride a bike that wrongly proportioned as someone who has been a serious cyclist for 20 years, let alone as a beginner. It also looks like your handlebars may be badly adjusted (height, angle and angle of the brake levers), but it's hard to tell for sure as the wheel is turned in the photo. That should be easier to fix in the short term - compare your setup with that of other bikes.
&gt;proven beneficial Caffeine has a huge number of links with anxiety and other mental disorders. From [Smith BD, Gupta U, Gupta BS. Caffeine and activation theory: effects on health and behavior. ](http://apt.rcpsych.org/content/11/6/432.full) Excessive ingestion leads to a state of intoxication known as caffeinism, which is characterised by restlessness, agitation, excitement, rambling thought and speech, and insomnia. These symptoms clearly overlap with those of many psychiatric disorders. The potential harmful effects of caffeine have long been recognised. ... Four caffeine-related syndromes are recognised in DSM–IV (American Psychiatric Association, 1994): caffeine intoxication; caffeine-induced anxiety disorder; caffeine-induced sleep disorder; and caffeine-related disorder not otherwise specified. ... Caffeine has a number of adverse effects on the gastrointestinal tract. ... Withdrawal symptoms have been reported in both humans and animals (Schuh &amp; Griffiths, 1997; Griffiths &amp; Woodson, 1998). Well-recognised symptoms include headache, irritability, sleeplessness, confusion, nausea, anxiety, restlessness and tremor, palpitations and raised blood pressure (Finnegan, 2003). They typically start slowly, are at their worst at 1–2 days, and recede within a few days. They are rapidly relieved by intake of caffeine, suggesting that they are genuine withdrawal symptoms. ... Caffeine appears to prime reward-relevant dopaminergic circuits implicated in cocaine misuse, and has been found to reinstate extinguished cocaine-taking behaviour in rats (Worley et al, 1994). ... Among adult psychiatric patients in the USA, a significant number have been found to use large amounts of caffeine (750 mg or more per day); such individuals have higher levels of both anxiety and depression than those who consume less
What kind of adapter have you heard you would need? That doesn't sound right. &gt;all the info I can find seems to be a couple years old. That's really not relevant, the technology involved hasn't changed for 30 years. Bar ends were very common in the 90s, on almost every mountain bike bike, nowadays I only seen people using them for cycle touring. If you have any kind of local community of cyclists (e.g. subreddit/facebook page) I would just make a post and ask if anyone has any spare bar ends at the back of a cupboard. Note I am not suggesting your friends are wrong or bar ends are bad, I fitted a pair when I went cycle touring earlier this year. They got less popular mostly because mountain bike fashion changed.
A lot faster than most natural stalactites, but the very fastest natural ones (3mm a year) would probably be similar based on how long these are and how long the plant has been abandoned
For me it's like this: Most expensive: Some of the less-well-known brands that make upmarket/boutique commuting bikes, often in Holland/Germany - especially stuff with belt drive, electric motor, IGH. Then there's the trendy bike brands making new bikes from steel like Surly and Linus Then there are the smaller premier brands from Europe and North America, e.g. BMC, Cervelo, Litespeed, Yeti, Pinarello, Colnago Next up is the top mainstream brands like Specialized and Trek Another bit better value are cheaper mainstream brands like Giant and Fuji Then at (at least on paper) the cheapest are the discount brands that Bikesdirect etc specialize in like KHS, Schwinn, Motobecane
You have no idea what you are talking about. My dog is eight and is fully toilet trained. She has a medical issue with bladder control when sleeping, which you might have picked up on if you'd bothered to read the whole of my post before replying
&gt; I did see that she has been abused in the past which makes me think she has probably been harshly disciplined for going to the bathroom in the house (which again could cause her to equate pee in the house with anger) No shit sherlock. That you decided to lecture me about that when I said she is no longer punished for this (and I am only assuming that's what the previous owner did because of her behaviour) to me either says you have poor reading comprehension or you're an asshole. It has been a lot of work over the last 7 years to put confidence back into the dog and it sucks when strangers judge because she is nervous.
As pointed out by /u/fraseyboy just get Pam's Choca, it's cheaper, tastes of chocolate, has less artificial shit in it and is actually Kiwi so the profits don't all go to Switzerland. To boot Nestle are [evil as fuck](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1n194c/what_is_the_most_evil_corporation_in_the_world_in/ccehe8y)
&gt; He's a cop, not a paramedic. If the cops there have no training as first responders then it's a disgrace considering the job they do. Police should be competent in basic emergency medical care until paramedics arrive.
That's the size of the wheels :) The frame looks about 21" (edit - just noticed the seller measured it as 20") which should be sweet for you
The main reason for running 23s or narrower would be weight saving for an ultralight hillclimb bike or because bike shops almost never have 25s on special, only 23s (in my experience). But to be honest I don't think there's a huge difference between 23 and 25, the tire construction makes a bigger difference to rolling resistance and comfort.
For reference: A wheel is made up of a tire, a rim, spokes and a hub. The entire thing is a wheel, not a tire - **the tire is just the rubber part**. This is the same with cars and with any kind of wheel. &gt;622) 700x This means your wheels are 700c which is the standard size for all modern road bikes. Pretty much any other 700c road bike rear wheel will fit.
&gt;Even PETA says you can and should feed your dog Vegan. You realise they say that because of beliefs that animals shouldn't be killed for food, not because they are any authority on pet nutrition, right? It would be surprising if PETA said anything else. &gt;Long story short, it has been almost 10 years now, and my dog has the nicest teeth of any 10 year old, the vet told me, and until recently, has not been to the vet in over 3.5 years. Now that's what you call savings. /r/Frugal My dog of a similar age hasn't been to the vet except for one booster jab in 6 years, has no eating disorders, great teeth and glossy coat and is still often confused for a puppy. She eats cheap prepackaged dog food, canned or in rolls, sometimes biscuits, whatever is on special - a diet that most people in this sub would think wasn't good enough for their dog. The food she eats is certainly WAY cheaper than that Primal Petfoods you link to which to me seems the opposite of frugal. I'm not claiming that my dogs diet is the best - I'm saying that giving out nutritional advice based on experience with one dog is pretty unscientific
Can't really see the advantage to be honest. Only pro points I can see is that it is cleaner looking (though I'd debate that with this bike) and it's impossible to forget your light. Drawbacks: 1. Have to carry the weight of lights and batteries around all the time, even if it's not dark 2. Crash and break your normal light, or light stops working it's easy and quick to replace. I bet you would have to order replacement lights from overseas for lotsamoney. 3. New better light/battery technology comes out in 5 years, but you're stuck with old technology unless the bike maker releases an updated light
You would be nuts to spend that much on that bike. Like you said, you paid less than that for the bike originally. If you can't sort a cheap replacement for less than $50 then sell or donate the bike to someone who can and buy another bike. There are tons of people that have spare wheels gathering dust in cupboards that could go straight onto this bike. Cheap wheels sell all the time on Craigslist/eBay etc for $20-30 a pair, or you could probably get one for free from a local bike co-op. You don't need a special wheel for this bike. ANY rear wheel for a standard road/hybrid bike made in the last 20 years will fit. If you care that much about matching wheels just get a new bike that already has matching wheels. &gt;the rim should cost me 80-120 You mean the wheel, right? Rebuilding the wheel with a new rim would be even more nuts.
In what way? Just saying that with no reasons doesn't make it true and what I can see that is not the case at all, for the reasons in my previous post.
I would highly recommend those old Fujis with quad-butted tubing, the ride quality is fantastic. So comfortable on bumpy roads. Here is [mine](http://imgur.com/a/h3eLe) (which I have since mostly restored and plan to repost when finished), also a 1985. It's from a couple of models up in the range but I love it. Since that post I adjusted it so it fits me and I ride it quite a lot. I also own a 2010 carbon Trek with Ultegra, the Fuji is not quite as fast except on short sprints and is tougher on steep hills, but it feels just as much of a quality/performance bike to ride and is quieter and comfier on bumps/rough tarmac/offroad. The main disadvantage with an older bike is not having integrated shifters, but it's no biggy with a bit of practice. I'd say the bike is probably worth around $300 considering it's weight (23.4lb) but it depends a lot on your local market, some places crappy 30lb Schwinns with shiny paint are selling for close to that much, some places there are higher end bikes going for $300
Make sure you have a good ride position - you may want to swap a different stem or adjust the height of the stem. Also consider the bars - just flat bars isn't good for touring, you need a variety of hand positions. Easiest and cheapest option is to fit mountain bike bar end extensions (bar ends). Time trial style clip-on aero bars can also be an option depending on the fit of the bike (possibly combined with bar ends - this is my current touring setup), or get a new set of trekking style handlebars. Might be worth getting the rear wheel hand-tensioned by a wheelbuilder, little bit excessive considering the wheel is quite low-end but it will help avoid it coming out of true hitting bumps when the bike is fully loaded. This is not needed with the front wheel because it deals with less force - you usually have to crash to buckle the front - and because the rear wheel is inherently weaker on bikes with gears as it has to be built asymmetrically.
&gt;Presently, my preference goes to the first one as I have never cycles with a road handle bar and it seems very uncomfortable for my back. Well a lot of that is fitting, many people get bad experiences from being kids trying to ride a bike with drop bars that's too big for them. But for sure, more flexibility and core strength is needed with a road bike than a hybrid (or what they call 'flat bar road bike'). In general terms, hybrids are great for utility, for riding at a slower pace with lots of stops and starts. Road bikes are great for recreation, for riding at a faster pace with less stops and starts. So to ride to work in a city you're likely best off with a hybrid, to go for pleasure rides in country lanes you're best off with a road bike unless you feel you're not up to it physically. Many people make posts here after starting off with a hybrid and then moving up to a road bike when they feel they've outgrown the hybrid in terms of fitness and abilities (but maybe still keeping the hybrid to use around town).
My favorites, concentrating on individual spots - some stuff that's already suggested, and some of the parks are on routes like the Southern Walkway or Skyline Walkway already suggested, but are worth visiting separately to do a shorter loop walk. In the city: * Otari Bush * Central Park * Red Rocks * Trellisick Park * Wright's Hill * Tawatawa Reserve * Oruaiti reserve Further out: * Catchpool Valley/Orongorongo trails * Belmont regional park trails * Mt. Kaukau * Makara Beach Also would recommend trying mountain biking if you are moving here and like the outdoors, could add another list of spots to the above.
I wondered if it was related to size, it can be very hard when you are at one end of the sizing scale. Being forced to buy new, or spending weeks waiting for bikes the right size/price to come along is the price to pay unfortunately. One option would be to point out to the seller of the Fuji the bicyclebluebook price and offer them $150. It might not be as nice as the Trek but you'd save several hundred dollars and it's still an OK bike if in good condition. &gt;I didn't want to spend too much over $500, and everywhere else it seemed like everything my size was close to a grand. I would have expected similar bikes to the Trek 7 series from the other big brands to also come in small sizes (e.g. Giant Escape, Specialized Sirrus), though you'd have to check. All of those three bikes are regularly recommend to people on this sub and all are pretty similar bikes with similar ranges and prices. Also check out the Fuji Absolute, though again not sure about sizes it's available in. For other options used, all I can suggest is looking at eBay as well as Kijiji, maybe check out some pawn shops, look a bit further afield.
That looks like not a bad deal, even better if they took $125 or $100. You'd be looking at about $400 for something similar new. It's a comfort bike, which differs from a standard hybrid by having a very upright posture which puts all the weight on your butt, and suspension. I usually recommend them to more elderly/frail/overweight riders who would have trouble absorbing bumps with their arms and legs or putting any weight on their arms. Otherwise it is generally better to not have suspension unless you are mountain biking on rough terrain, it makes the bike heavier and the steering flexy, and a less upright position is better if you are riding any distance or riding for fitness. But your intentions would suit this bike, they are good for cruising around short distances in a lazy fashion, like a beach cruiser with gears. I've had a look at your Craigslist, http://twinfalls.craigslist.org/bik/5050885264.html looks ok if you fit on it (you didn't say how tall you are), better for $100 or less. http://twinfalls.craigslist.org/bik/5071865349.html is pretty similar to the Gary Fisher, a bit lower grade I think (hard to tell as the photo is so shit) but it's so much cheaper it would be worth checking out.
Yes the first one would for sure be too big then. It would probably be worth comparing the two similar bikes if you have the option to, the Gary Fisher is almost certainly better quality and you might decide is worth the extra.
I've heard of people in developing countries using chunks of wood as a botch replacement for busted bike shocks. I wouldn't scrap it, sure someone else would buy it to try and fix or just to hang on a wall.
&gt; also noticed the pots that they are in have a drain so the soil doesn't seem to hold the water. I'm not sure if this is beneficial or not in this situation. That's normal, if you don't have that the plant's roots rot, but it's also why you have to water plants regularly
It may well be worth the money but it is far too big, you need a much smaller bike. I'm 6'2 and ride that frame size. &gt;He said it would fit me Current owner clearly doesn't know much about bikes or they wouldn't have the handlebars/brake levers set up at such a bizarre wrist snapping angle. Most people selling bikes know almost nothing about them. It's more common for sellers to get the range of heights it will fit/size of the bike wrong than right - many inexperienced cyclists buy bikes that are too big for them, as if they are still a kid who is growing, and are never aware that they should be on a smaller bike. You are best off judging bikes size by eye rather than going by what the seller says. If you give me a link to the auction I could have had a look at other options on your CL
&gt;so they have to do everything well. Good wear, good protection- all without being too heavy. That would be nice. Choose a fast, light, supple, fast wearing tire (race tire), or a comparitively heavy, stiff, slow hard-wearing tire (training/commute tire), or a tire that is somewhere in the middle.
Well it depends on your definition of 'fairly well'. Many people choose to ride race tires like the GP4000s/GP4000s II all the time because they would rather have a fast, comfortable tire than one which lasts a long time and has good puncture resistance. But the GP4000s will wear out very quickly and be likely to get punctures compared to a commuting/training tire with hard compound and puncture protection strip like the Maxxis Refuse.
&gt; I wouldn't want to do a long ride on a non-road bike without swapping a lot of parts, which can get expensive quickly. I agree longer rides are nicer and average speed is higher with drop bars, but I would say that plenty of people tour on mountain bikes. If you have bar ends it's possible to vary hand positions. This summer I did a mixed on/off road tour here in NZ on a [rigid 90s MTB with rack mounts](http://i.imgur.com/82HhXXc.jpg) (not set up for touring in that pic), did a day 100km with 700m of climbing and another 60km offroad with similar vertical. Would happily tour on that bike again (my cheapest bike, I paid about $50 fixed up), even on tarmac, but I think bar ends are a must.
The main tip off that the Focus is a great bike other than clues from the picture that are harder to explain is that the seller says it has Shimano 600 (now called Ultegra) components, second from top of the range below Dura Ace. It's also easier to tell a good bike by it not looking like a cheap bike: http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5068621268.html See how that bike has shifters mounted to the stem (instead of on the downtube or integrated in the brake levers), a big metal chainguard and metal 'dork disc' behind the rear sprockets? Those three things mean the bike is a cheap 'bike boom' 10 speed and is much lower quality. Here are some other options: http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5065285957.html - looks ok http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5043085519.html - looks good http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5033456243.html - looks ok http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5012624130.html - very nice http://houston.craigslist.org/bik/5007357909.html - looks good
You've picked out a decent bike there from Craigslist. It would be a better deal closer to $350 though, $425 is a bit pricey but they may listen to offers. I would prefer to have that Cannondale that either of the Bikesdirect bikes, it's a lot older but it's a higher quality bike that is still objectively a better bike. There are sure to be other options as /u/h20link says that may be better. Going with one of the BD bikes I would definitely choose the Motobecane, the design and geometry of the Windsor frame looks 'off' to me.
It's most likely just a case of getting your butt used to it and getting stronger legs. The stronger your legs are and the fitter you are the harder you push the pedals. The harder you push the pedals, the less of your weight is on the saddle. But it is mostly about toughening your butt. Having said that, saddles are a personal thing - it may be that the current saddle doesn't suit your butt. Some bike shops have demo saddles that you can borrow to try out, otherwise riding other people's bikes or just trial and error. I would give it a few weeks of regular rides before deciding the saddle is the problem though. What I wouldn't do is go out and buy some kind of armchair padded saddle the opposite of the current one as a first recourse - they are comfy when you are sitting still on the bike, but pedaling causes chafing. Another point worth mentioning, with your current setup the bars look very high compared to the saddle, normally with road bikes the bars are set up lower - having the bars higher takes weight off your arms and transfers more onto your butt.
According to Solberg they were in full control of the car and just looking to rejoin the road, but had so much vines covering the windshield they didn't realise they'd reached it and crossed it already, and then didn't see the powerpole at all. As I remember he got told off and there was a debacle with local landowners talking about the rally not being held there again because of all the damage to vines (he wasn't the only driver to crash into them)
&gt;Even when I adjusted the brakes toe it still runs constantly, I think the fork is bent. Might be that the rubber on the pads has perished/formed a hard surface layer, the brakes are cheap enough they have flexy arms, or just bad luck. I have seen brakes that are near impossible to cure of squeals because they have flexy arms. Maybe try using some coarse sandpaper on the surface of the pads and see if it helps. &gt;to get an even higher quality bike at that price it would have to be in almost as bad condition as mine wouldn't it? Nope, it sounds like your bike is worth about $50 in current condition, so $200 could get you something a lot nicer (used), but you will be looking at older bikes from the 80s to mid 90s to get something decent quality/reliable. Check out /r/whichbike - see the sidebar and maybe make a post there with a link to your local Craigslist and people will give you recommendations on bikes to look at. $200 on a new bike would be just throwing money away, it will last even less time than your current bike.
Looks like there's not many options right now in your size, there's a whole bunch of 54cm and some very small frames in the 40s but no 48-52. 54 would probably be a bit too big to be comfortable, but this bike looks awesome for the price https://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/bik/5076157788.html https://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/bik/5040643994.html - similar to above but not quite as nice This bike is very small but you could try it https://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/bik/5068804133.html Maybe wait for a week, chances are it's just bad luck there's no bikes with 48-52 frame size at the moment.
