See you l8er boy
Dang, she'd be a lucky girl to get hit on by a TNA legend
But how's the PS4?
Have you played TEW? The most over wrestler in the video game is figuratively a fictional version of Adam Rose. He could get over with the right booking
No way! WAs just reading about him helping young talented in NXT a few days ago, RIP!
He had a Honda Sonata! He was nice the entire trip! I didn't talk to him too much, but my friend and him had a great convo when I left!
They call hiiiiiim Cage.
Hi
I played the entire series throughout High School but senior year passed until I could finish 3 (I started a week before prom). I felt more emotionally attached to Shepard and crew more than my friends from HS when it ended. The game will always be a massive part of my life
I'm really into a good Christian girl right now, and since she would drag me to church on Sunday, spending time in Italy exploring Venice and Florence before shuttling it to the Vatican for worship sounds like a fulfilling weekend
My first playthrough he died in the Suicide Mission. So it took me the second time around for my cry my eyes out
I definitely agree. Even unpopular characters like Jacob and Ashley each formed a bond with me that I couldn't ignore. With limited screen time, ME was able to create Legion into a beautiful, misunderstood creature and Zaeed into the king of bad asses
I just pictured him railing off that list!! Yeah, he's a world class bad ass. One of those characters you just are happy has your back with their bad assery!!
"Hahaha I will be taking over Manhattan...with the People's Elbow!!"
Pros: Has extensive playing time for a player at his age without super high expectations. I would say he has panned out quite well for someone w ho was drafted in the mid 20s. Could become a very good 3 and D player like Wes Matthews. It's up to Bud to develop this kid Cons: Didn't get the best value of the earliest non lottery pick. Still a lot of relatively good talent available for us to choose from
I know, that's what I said.
Happy birthday!
20 male California
Also pretty much most of Asia's distant uncle
Well what had happened was we went out for a movie. I ended up saying "wow you religious kids weren't allowed to watch Star Wars? That's too sheltered, in my opinion". She went off about how judgemental that was and told me thay the only way I was getting home was in her trunk. I said no way that was happening, so here I am. My Uber driver was amazing too, older guy told me all about experiences with his friends! :)
On and off, usually when I have a drink or two. I never really get drunk in public but still best not to get caught driving after a few drinks. Safer for everyone. It depends I've had 1-2 really rude drivers but the last few have been amazing!
That year the most "obvious" choice was the most intriguing. Jericho vs Punk with more fanfare could've been huge
Turning 21 in April! Not a heavy drinker but I'd love to rub elbows with community at night. I hope I prepare for it before I do
If you need a few days, save up a paycheck or two. Cities like Seattle or Memphis have hotel-airfare packages on Orbitz that cost around 300-400 bucks for half a week!
He's also in the new Star Wars movie coming out next year! There are actually two asian male protagonists in Rogue One!
MVP, Shelton and Kofi have incredible workrates. Ahmed, Lashley and Ezekiel all had relatively comparable traits based on skill and look with Reigns
Thanks el Jefe
Sunny re debut eminent
Whoa, Abyss, Ron Killings, Typical Florida man, Crazzy Steve and Dustin Rhodes it's like I'm back in TNA all over again
If Mr. Stine isn't his surprise guest on his Coachella set this year, I'll be disappointed
Yeah the writers for that episode were really bad.
I really like Smith, and I feel like it would be a fantastic feel good story for him to turn our defense around. I'm a USC fan so I traditionally dislike ND players but Jaylon is special. As for Ragland, it might be a little early but I feel like he might still be around in the 2nd come Spring time because of his lack of speed will be on display during the combine. Cravens is a bias pick, but he is one hell of a player and I think he'd actually be better at safety
Honestly at my high school, the ones with the highest grades tended to get 1900~ish scores. The issue was most didn't actually study how the test worked but instead focused on knowing the correct answers. The test is very forumalitic, I was a pretty bad student who received a 2400 because I memorized how the types of questions asked, their probability of showing up on the test and figuring out the best way to quickly answer the question without making a careless mistake. For writing, I found that Forrest Gump, the Giver and the Truman Show examples you could use on your essay for almost any prompt because they had so many diverse themes and could be seen through almost any lense
I had the unfortunate distraction of baby sitting a child last night while watching the show. Anyone knows what Cooper didn't want Aram to tell anyone else?
Honestly I think it comes down to value. If we trade him after this season he becomes an expiring contract, thus a lot less valuable on the block. We probably already have to give him away at discount, but we can at least pull something substantial. Or else it ends up being a Josh Smith situation. Had we traded Smoove around this time of his contract we could've fleeced someone big time
He's still a backup in Detroit. We can run our same system with Teague and Shroeder but run it more 50|50 rather than 70|30 that we have now. Jennings is an expiring contract so unless he becomes a major upgrade over teague, we probably will use that space on someone else
No u scare me
Funny how pre-recorded LU is yet they still found a way to be mainstream relevant with all the "Fuck Draymond" shit going on.
Chowdah and Crowdah?
I killed him for his officers outfit
Just give us Trey Burke we will become the Atlanta Wolverines
Oui noice
Big AL has declined a bit today but when he was younger he was one of the better centers in an albiet sparse Era for big men. I think Okafor is even more polished tho, if he can expand his range and get some good defenders and jump shooters around him he can be very, very good
It's okay to feel lost sometimes about these things, you're young, having your first taste of the strange world of romance. As a guy who has been on that side of the breakup, I can understand how he feels but as an adult with more experience today, I can see that guys like me who couldn't fathom how she could move on before I did. You did nothing wrong, he didn't either, but he just doesn't understand that at your young age, things change fast and all. There's nothing you can really do to fix it, other than letting him have some time to settle his heart down. I don't really suggest staying friends because he's basically remaining friends for a future chance of getting with you and when he enevitably attempts again to, he'll think you lead him on. Good luck with everything!!
It's okay! It's trial and error, I think at your age, who loves who is what matters, and I totally understand. I still sometimes feel glimpses of that myself, but honestly, focusing within your own personal boundaries is most important! Do a fun puzzle, drink some coffee, smile a bunch and just be as happy happy as you can! True love or whatever the closest thing to it, will find you if you love yourself!
I hate you. But they're pretty good.
No a doggo is a big pupper
I'm not sure about top picks yet, but none of them are busts so far. Jury is still out there whether or not Randle and Russell are better than those drafted before and after them but they've absolutely killed it with their recent second round picks. Both Nance and Clarkson are tremendous prospects as well.
Okafor and D'Angelo are both exciting prospects to be honest. I think both aren't complete products yet, unlike KAT, and that was their knock. Outside of a slight lack of athleticism, and by that, I mean mostly that he isn't Westbrook unholy athletic, Russell seemed like the more complete prospect, compared to Okafor, who seemed to be an offensive center that couldn't shoot free throws. Okafor has shown some really impressive polish for his post moves, and of course Booker and Krishaps have been incredible during their rookie years, but D'Angelo is still a solid pick.
Get the fuck out of our sub
