Read the Darth Vader Marvel run that's going on right now.
Graphics are so overrated. I don't give two big farts about FPS, resolution or any of that crazy technical shit. Just give me a great story and a fully upgraded Hunting Rifle or bring back Ol Painless and I'll be good to go. Good graphics don't make a good game, the same people that complain about graphics are so hypocritical because they probably have the biggest boner for retro style indie games. Which I love, but I don't care about visuals. Just don't make my eyes sore.
Didn't Sr. shave his stache before a Brickyard one year? I swear this happened.
Or just be sad and alone and have a big bed all the time
Too bad this isn't on a Wii, then we could call it Deja Nintendo! Eh?
I always thought Dwight Yoakam would make a great McPoyle
You're telling me. I can't do it.
I'm the opposite, I think I know Megaton better than my actual home of 15 years.
I saw something kinda like this happen at a stop light. This lady backed directly into the truck behind her, obviously felt the impact, back up farther and then drove off when the light turned green.
Now I just need a way to win 600k
Makes me think of the Animaniacs
Goddamn what is going on in San Fran?
As a falcon, I don't understand either statement ):
Are they a high school couple? Jesus, this is the most annoying team in the NBA
Worth it.
My sultan. I spent the first week of gta online on 360 searching for this car. I'll never let it go.
"Well, he kinda looked like Tom Hardy and everyone says I remind them of Charlize Theron, so we figured what the hell"
By that logic where is Robert Horry on your list? Or Steve Kerr?
Ooo. That sounds interesting
I'm on ps4!
https://youtu.be/1fuHwZKXPFY
Yeah, Sansa wishes she looked like that.
Every video game I own is now obsolete,
dawg, we get to build our own fucking settlements. It's like they spied on my wet dreams
build your own weapons and armor and have enemies come out of the ground and then have a voice and then be able to make your character actually look like a real person and then be able to craft things out of the random trash you find and then and then and then
fuck it, i'm just gonna play fallout shelter until november
2020? Fine.
Don't worry, bitch, you're a lion.
Luckily I'm single and I think it'll last until well beyond November
T-60b goddamn.
Didn't they originally say that FO3 had like 200 different endings?
Yeah. I do about the same, I think.
That was my number one on my excitement list until this 4 become official
The lowest you can go is 15%, right?
I like that fresh fade on 7
I always thought this was such a white thing to do.
I don't like you anymore, you taste like a burger.
Gaoo Spurs Gaaaao
Who's the looks? Or the useless chick?
What if the new DLC just adds an 8 star wanted level?
Idk, it was a joke. A bad one at that
I prefer the leveling system Skyrim had over Fallout's
Well, I'm not technically starting but for a year or so I've only been reading DC/Marvel. I've just now moved to more indie comics. I've read all the like essential stuff and now I'm trying to find stuff on my own.
Oh wow, I didn't even know that existed. I'm gonna finish preacher, Y and Secret Wars before I move on to anything new but I'll keep that in mind
Idk why but I think these are so goddamn funny
No, not in the way they're intended. I promise.
That's like when I was in 4th grade I told my mom if I played Turok it would help me learn about dinosaurs.
If you like road construction you should move to Chapel Hill.
I think once you hear that report you can track it on the mission select screen. It'll have "Intel"under the icon
You've Got Mel-anoma
