Good job thinking of Master Gundam Fuunsaiki! Nobody else has suggested that yet haha. Destroy is a good match for Fate/Stay Night's Berserker! Well chosen. Psyco Gundam fills a similar role, if one prefers UC.
I chose 00 Raiser instead of Exia because Raiser Sword is so similar to Excalibur, but the whole line fits pretty well. Good pick on Wing! Independent Operations is indeed a core requirement. A lot of people pick true-GN drive units, like Dynames, for this quality too. Not bad with Lancer. I like unconventional. I think Stargazer would be a better fit for Caster, personally, but I could definitely see it here. Funnily enough, [UBW's Lancer is also Caster in the new game coming out!](/spoiler) ^(Fate/Stay Night &amp; Fate/Grand Order spoilers) Funnels for Caster make more sense than funnels for archer, I think. People like blondie too much, I daresay, haha. Banshee is even better than Unicorn for Berserker. Good pick. Blitz is a perfect Assassin, too! I don't know any other cloaking mobile suit. I guess any other stealth suit could work, including some of Zeon's more experimental stuff after the OYW, and maybe even the Gundam Throne Drei from 00 with its stealth field.
Fascinating pick for Caster. Nobody else has gone that way. What makes you think it's a good pick? I can think of a few qualities, but I'm interested in your thoughts. Is it similar to any of the Fate-series Casters?
Gouf feels more like a berserker... Great pick for a UC Saber with the Gyan though!
Good picks! I really like Blitz as Assassin, Rider involving the transforming functions, and the various nonsense Casters. There are a couple of good Lancers out there, though! More than one or two mobile suits use polearms; the issue is finding a strong enough one to be a Heroic Gundam. RX-78-2 used a beam trident in the TV airing of MSG, the GN-X III and IV units from 00 used lances a lot, I think one of the Tallgeese units had one, but I'm going to go with something else: Quebley Papillion. Butterfly wings, funnels, and a terrifying lance! Invisible funnels make a scary Noble Phantasm move when she's in Embody mode! Funnily enough, Cu Chullain is actually [Caster](/spoiler) in the new game that's coming to iOS/Android soon, Fate/Grand Order.
Not available in Australia :(
I see it more as a Berserker. The White Devil, that can't be stopped, that always keeps fighting.
&gt; it isn't that rare of a gun. 54 gameplay hours. Never seen one. Agree that proto chest shouldn't exist.
So since Decimator (Patrol Leader) + Vader + Gunner costs 48 points, what should I run with the remaining 52?
I have never had a character unlock a signature ability, let alone use one. How do you even get that much XP?! GMs who give out that much must like playing with fire...
Wow... 20 per session... I'm both a player and a GM, and an average session with 2 small fights or one big one usually gives 5 XP...
Forgive the silly question, but why is it a long weekend? Edit: Oh, that one that WA doesn't get because we had our Foundation Day last week or so. Queen's Birthday. [Thanks, random website that came up on google](http://publicholidays.com.au/).
&gt; turrent ಠ_ಠ
Whoa how did I miss that getting a steam release 2 weeks ago?!
Whoa, that [Tengen Toppa Lazengann](http://i.imgur.com/WfuvKWX.png) has the Four Generals' ganmen's faces! That's awesome!
You'd have to be mad to think that this has to do with the TPG takeover...
Did you perhaps mean irreverently instead of irrelevantly? Though I suppose bringing it up inapporpiately would qualify for the latter...
No, I fully believe it can. The prices are so much cheaper, and the range is amazing. BookDepository is basically superior in every way, isn't it?
They sure do. I make sure I buy one or two books from them every year, even if they're more expensive than basically everywhere else.
There's no way they'll give us a Custom Phage... it's already a penultimate-tier weapon. And Scoliac, too, is amazing for its maneuverability. I could definitely see things like Mire, Embolist, maybe even Synapse. Some of the more offbeat weapons, you know?
It's less damage than a crossbow bolt for sure. Five crossbow bolts kill Big Bandit every time, so I put four in him then threw the bow itself. Bandit survived. Threw my other weapon, and THAT killed him.
Boffins is literally the first bookshop in the list.
&gt;I have to join the group to see posts :( Dang. I was afraid of that. Thanks.
All good, and same to /u/Neuvost. Downvoting broken links is perfectly fine! The winning list was: - Patrol Leader + Gunner + Darth Vader + Rebel Captive - 4x Academy Pilot And it fought: - Palob Godalhi + Veteran Instincts + Blaster Turret + Recon Specialist + Inertial Dampeners + Moldy Crow - Kaa’to Leeachos + Bodyguard - IG88-B + Veteran Instincts + Advanced Sensors + Heavy Laser Cannon + Inertial Dampeners + Autothrusters The other Top 8 lists were: - Xizor/Palob/2x Z-95 - Brobots (B/C) - Jake (A-Wing)/3x Gold Sq. Y-Wing - Falcon/Jake (A-Wing) - Howlrunner/6x Obsidian - Leebo/Corran Horn
Still 5/8 lists with a large ship, just that two are the Aggressor. That said, WA's always had a weird meta. Zero Imperial Aces lists. Zero Firesprays. Zero Interceptors. But the one that really surprised me was: Zero B-Wings! They've won store tournaments recently, too...
Evolved was better than Armored Core's recent games because *it was released where I could play it*. I'll take another if it comes to Steam.
This is a good self post that touches on politics. Mods: I like this.
*shrug* Makes no difference to me. But yeah, my point kinda stands that without RES you can't really identify people unless they're ludicrously prolific and the sub is small enough.
Nothing could possibly eclipse this attack sequence... ever. Which is kinda ironic, actually, given TTGL's theme of surpassing the impossible.
Looks like a generic name for an advantage that lets non-Rokugani write an Ancestor to use... it's pretty lazy to not have given some examples, but check out the Ancestors in the core rulebook for an example of how to balance effects and costs. It's definitely an invitation for the GM to make stuff up. Sadly, I can't imagine errata fixing this. House rules will have to continue.
Oh gosh I didn't even notice that OP didn't say. Surely it's 4th?
The difference is that ufotable don't use CG backgrounds which look like they're late PS2 games. Both studios have some really awesome choreography, and I actually think ufotable took a lot of inspiration from Silver Link's Caster!
I'm so glad they brought up Hockey's disgraceful comments about 'blight on the landscape'. Utterly infuriating. That I don't have stronger phrases to describe my frustration politely cause the feeling to escalate.
I remember just about all of these. Media's been fascinating the last few years - despite an overall dearth of actual journalism from the biggest publishers, there's been a lot of highlights and strong interviews.
Yup... hard to get hyped for a rare drop from a rare spawning mob. Worst kind of grind :/
I don't agree, with respect to Fallout. I feel that the lack of personality caused me to detatch completely. Everyone exists in Fallout purely for my (the player's) own amusement; nobody had anything to say about my character. This didn't happen to me in many other games, such as Half-Life, or Knights of the Old Republic, or Fable, because in those games my actions were reflected back at me through the dialogue and experienced that directly referenced my character, as expressed through my actions. Fallout and Elder Scrolls simply do not do that, and don't even feel like they're attempting to pull me in at all. The consequences of your actions just don't affect anything, unless you're a serial murderer of conversational NPCs.
It may be somewhat leftist but at least it's news that isn't trivial celebrity gossip, sports, or local goings on...
But the game setup and turn 0 are so confusingly written...
Yet again, its looking like Empire is overcosted/underpowered...
There was an Ingress event on in Perth today, but that doesn't require photos, just being in a certain place... not sure, OP :(
It seems like the day (or week?) before I began the overtiering changes happened and all the forum and wiki advice is broken now because I need lots of weapons to be useful.
Mixing robots, religion, politics, love and ambition is messy, especially for the pawns. Sorry, but that's the best I can do. Nobody will ever guess it because its very hard to summarise the early episodes of G-Reco.
I'm glad you liked it. I had fun with it myself. That doesn't stop me critically looking at it. Try was hollow compared to the first season.
Pity the suit you mentioned was not from Try... but I did like white a few designs from Try, especially R-Gyagya and Mega Shiki! I didn't like how many suits were barely recognisable though, especially the Gunpla Academy ones.
Disappointment is the difference between expectations and results. I was surprised at how much worse GBFT was than GBF in every respect except music...
When you can take GBF apart and see how good it is, but GBFT is hollow, well, that's why we're disappointed. Its the difference between a proper 1/100 MG and a cheap no-grade 1/100 kit... or a Real Grade and a First Grade kit
This is a great response. Not enough of us recognise that you can like things that are bad, or criticise the things you like. Hayashi made a bunch of great music for Try! They shouldn't have leaned on the S1 themes so much...
The reason we're so critical is because GBF did all of those things too, while being extremely well crafted! I enjoyed Try, but it's like comparing the RX-78-2 (GBF) to a Guntank (Try). One is versatile and sleek, the other barely gets the job done and is clunky while doing it.
Yeah, isn't analysis and justification the precise thing that a circlejerk is missing? That's what makes it a jerk, not a discussion.
Wha-? May I ask for a rules reference there? I haven't come across that before.
