I remember in my textbook in a college class I had, in the chapter on evolution, they mentioned a case regarding frogs in Minnesota or somewhere that were born with extra legs. Everyone suspected chemical pollution but it turned out to simply be an example of random mutation. In other words, it wasn't an environmental cause. I'm not saying that climate change isn't a problem or even the trigger for this sort of thing. It just reminded me of my book.
There is a checkbox to turn the automatic redirect feature off. So now I only use it to set up initial redirects of the main menu or other necessary pages when I'm re-doing someone's site.
Why the hell does every single article about Bernie Sanders start off with a sentence like "of course he'll never win"?
My stupid bird didn't play with toys for more than a decade. Now she does and she's an old lady for a bird at over 20 years old.
You can get cockatoo shampoo. A cockatiel is like a tiny cockatoo. I'm assuming your bird is a cockatiel.
I keep the one I lined in my office for when they turn on the air conditioning too high.
Thank you. I'm glad somebody has written about this.
My parents are republicans. I think sometimes my mom sometimes secretly votes democrat though.
There are frequently requests for tutorials around here. I think learning how to read API documentation is probably more valuable.
I have lived in a tiny space like that and I liked it pretty well. An apartment like that where I live would still be super expensive, though.
Ariel the cockatoo is now just Big White Bird. Big Bird. Big Ginormous Humongous Bird. Big Chicken Bird. Big Chicken. Big Big. Fergie the conure gets called Green Bird a lot these days.
I you are looking to microload 1lb and you get a bar that weighs 3lbs more than the bar you used last time, what good is your 1lb microweight?
I have a 4 cyl '94 Ford Ranger with 90,000 miles. I'm sure it's not worth a huge amount but it didn't cost very much to begin with and I've never had any problems with it. I hear it was a good year for the Ford Ranger.
I would think the summary would be fine use for the metatag module. Isn't it recommended practice that a description tag contain a useful summary?
The house I grew up in cost $15K brand new when I was 5 years old. In 1983 when I graduated high school my mother sold it for about $200K. Nowadays that house would cost 7-800K. There are bubbles now and then, but the overall trend in California is upwards.
It's a nice little truck. Not very powerful (the 4 cyl), but it's reliable.
Long time ago when I was young and newly married and broke we bought a used washer and drier that had been refurbished by a guy who specializes in refurbishing and selling home appliances. It was a good bargain and our machines worked perfectly.
You don't need to use either one. There's too much scent in them anyway. Takes several washes to get the drier sheet smell out of my clothes if someone happens to stick a drier sheet in when I'm not looking.
Are you planning to spend this money in the US? Do you just want clothes to wear to college? Go to Costco or Target. Don't go to a mall and pay mall prices.
I graduated from college with a degree in Women's Studies (now it's called Feminist Studies) in 1995. I took a lot of classes where it seemed that the objective of the class was to purposefully push your buttons so that you could explore where your discomfort was coming from. I found the whole experience to be quite educational. At the same time I was selling flowers on the street corner in a largely Mexican neighborhood so it was weird to see the difference between the culture as described by a Chicana feminist vs. these ladies coming by every day to buy flowers for the cemetery or these men buying flowers for their girlfriends. These two worlds did not seem like the same place, in my opinion, and that experience kept me grounded in reality, in a world of real people. One Chicana feminist writer, Cherrie Moraga, wrote that the danger was in ranking oppressions. That always stuck with me. I think a lot of this stifling environment that the OP writes about might partly be caused by the arms race of ranking oppression. You've got to have oppression at least as bad as the worst off to avoid having someone call you out on your privilege, even if you have to practically manufacture some kind of oppression out of your own emotional problems (of which there seem to be plenty which may be caused by forcing kids to live highly structured lives constantly under adult supervision). In the end I came to see identity politics as a bad path to freedom and equality, but if anything, there is more identity politics on both ends of the political spectrum and inward into the individual as there ever has been. If I were in charge, I would make sure that all undergraduates and their families understood that it was the intention of the university to challenge and disturb every student, and if they weren't into that, they should attend a different institution.
That's one thing Ray Jardine writes about in his book The PCT Hiker's Handbook. In the final chapter he writes about how we all spend our lives striving for comfort, security and status and how spending time out there you realize that none of those things are a path to real happiness, nor are they actually achievable. You come to see how they matter very little and that true fulfillment is found elsewhere. It's so hard to maintain that outlook once you come back to the regular world, though.
I should have taken classes in computer programming back when those programming classes were about Basic and Fortran.
Let her get it out of her system. Let her lay the eggs and sit on them for a while. Then take them all away at the same time a couple weeks later. My 23-year-old conure laid an egg this spring after many years of not laying any eggs. I took it away after she sat on it for 1 week. Too soon. She laid another. So I gave her two weeks of sitting for the 2nd one and now she's done with it.
I name them all Saturday and remind you I only work Monday through Friday.
It was an unseasonably cool May in Southern California as well.
Jeezus it hasn't changed at all. - I'm still planning for a backpack trip this summer - I'm still eating canned salmon and sweet potatoes for lunch - I'm still sitting at the same desk in the same office with the same job - I'm still driving the same vehicles - Hell, I'm probably wearing the same clothes as June 3, 2014 since what I'm wearing is more than a year old.
I created my own module. The zip part is a custom function that uses PHP ZipArchive to unzip the file after upload. http://php.net/manual/en/class.ziparchive.php Looks like and extra for IMCE now does this. https://www.drupal.org/project/imce_unzip Come to think of it, I think I got the code for my custom module from this: https://www.drupal.org/node/956790 .
My module didn't actually do this on creation of a node. I created a separate administration page for this. If I can find it, or maybe if I can find the example I stole the code from, maybe I can post something for you.
This is true as I've observed the average size of Costco shoppers get ever larger since we got a Costco.
I prefer the 1000 sheets per roll tp. It lasts way longer than any other kind.
We've given up on printers, too. If we get another printer it will be a high-quality laser printer. Otherwise, we take stuff to work or to a copy shop and print it there.
That's when they pulled out the fiddles and banjos and did a square dance with a caller.
My vision issue is I'm well over 40 years old.
Your hosting company will probably have php available, so find a free form script that sends the details of a form via email and you'll at least have something up quickly. Try to find one that gets good reviews, that has some protections against abuse. Your hosting company might even have one available that it has vetted and approved with a one-click install. All you would have to do is customize the appearance of it.
This is spot on.
I have an associates degree in geology and a BA in Women's Studies. I've taken a few undergraduate programming classes and some university extension classes along the way to broaden my skills. That's been more than enough to get and keep a job in this field. If you are planning on going to college, I'd go for a real computer science degree. Don't bother with a web design degree or anything less rigorous than that (really avoid anything that sounds like it came out of ITT Tech or Devry). You don't need a degree to work in this field, but having a CS degree will give you way more options and more potential for growth.
Something like that would be very handy to have. For splinters, for example. Thanks for that suggestion!
A 1L MSR Titanium kettle is the ONE pot. You can make mashed potatoes, oatmeal, ramen, pasta, mountain house if you're feeling fancy, coffee, pudding or anything you want over your pepsi-can alcohol stove. It's light, the alcohol stove fits inside and you can find a small titanium spoon that fits inside, too. Put this in your backpack and you are good to go, wilderness or wherever. At home, just get a big frying pan with a lid. Heavy bottom if you want to make steak. 99% of the meals we make at home use a pan and in a pinch, I suppose we could use it instead of a pot for some of the other things.
No no you cannot save money baking your own bread. Because you are compelled to eat it all immediately fresh and warm because it smells so darn good and is so irresistible.
Start with family and friends. See if they or their family and friends have anything they don't want anymore.
I'm not a big guy, I'm a small older lady. I was very self-conscious the other day because the plates were set up in a way that would be noticeable that it was quite a lot of weight. I was afraid that any deviation from good form would have people tsk-tsking behind my back, so I cut a few sets short rather than risk the scorn. I don't mind it when I'm resting and someone tells me they've seen me lift before and are impressed but it does freak me out a little to be watched while I'm doing it.
Except that I'm strong enough to get attention.
If you have an avian vet you could ask for a necropsy.
We calculated that printing things at home cost us about $20 a sheet. Ink jet printers--Never Again!
The dollar store Crystal Light type stuff is what we go there for. And reading glasses. We don't have kids.
Even better is the views content cache module. Set a view to update when nodes are created/updated.
What did you do for money from age 51 to age 59.5?
I changed bobbin and thread and cleaned out the bobbin area and the little tension circular things and that seemed to improve it.
I use those things and I still don't think my privacy is absolute.
I don't know anything about organic groups. The module lets you set your views cache based on whether nodes are created/updated/deleted. Obviously this is problematic when you want the view to update when associated nodequeues are changed, for example, because that isn't a trigger. I suppose if your organic groups situation is similar to wanting an external event to trigger the content cache, you'll have similar non-results.
