Yes, but those children later grow up to be Palestinian terrorists, so they deserve to get bombed. #ZionistLogic
That 'speculation' may be deliberately designed to obfuscate the fact that it may well have been a "bunker buster" bomb.
Of course not! Ha! Ha! Don't be ridiculous, right? I was just addressing your point by providing evidence that shills exist on the Internet, all over the place. But, you're right—I mean, *why* would a shadowy, centralized organization controlling the world's currencies from the world's closely-knit and centrally-managed central banks want to secretly interfere with a profoundly disruptive "trustless, secure" technology like Bitcoin that, if adopted worldwide, would quickly erode their power by decentralizing their control over the world's currencies! LOL! That's absurd. We all know that they play fair and by the rules, out in the open! After all, what's at stake?? Only the entire world economy, hey?!? Carry on.
Submission statement: Went on a hike with my GF to the Grassi Lakes trail near Canmore, Alberta, Canada, located in the Canadian Rockies. Shot these photos of a creek draining from the lake and into the waterfalls. Post-processing was pretty normal, just darkening exposure down to let the stars shine through (just blacks, contrast, and clarity). Nothing added or otherwise artificial.
Would this be a picture just for show? I expected more weight packed on top to direct the projectiles sideways, where they would do the most damage.
Fortunately, the City is building "paranoid schizophrenics only" lanes, so, we're good.
I live downtown and love all the wireless hotspots. It was a major reason I was with Shaw while I was trying to get the most out of the 1GB the Rogers asshats gave me.
Did you know that **[women smoke for different reasons](http://aware.on.ca/sites/default/files/women-and-smoking_0.pdf)** that men? Women have fewer ways to demonstrate independence than men do. Their self-worth is driven by attention from boys (via intense competition for that attention among their peers)? Women are not validated (or, rather, do not receive that validation) through participating in the same avenues as boys do (sports, academics, etc.). Just simply "knowing it's bad for you" isn't enough. A daughter here, a daughter there, sure, a dad can look and say, "Whelp, I told 'em." But, as a population, we can be more aware and do better. That is what I am saying. Everyone as a whole benefits when we delve deeper into WHY people make choices, and, when that data is revealed to be incongruous to the best choices or society's goals, then we can act. Just shrugging it off as something someone "just did" isn't going to better things for anyone coming into these vulnerable ages.
*Control*. The things you just described remove the centralized authorities' ability to control you. As you know, there are hundreds of offenses, the bulk of which are not related to driving, where the State can restrict your driver's license, thus restricting your mobility. This is what they don't want. They want *their* capital to zoom freely around the world via free trade agreements, and to enable goods produced in impoverished countries by enslaved people back to sell in your market, where you are still restricted. They make the money off the margins and you still have very little economic mobility. The purpose of this is/should be to change this, to loosen the grip of these corrupt, centralized governments on restricting how you trade, where, and with whom. They want that power for themselves and their friends. They are not willing to play the game according to their own rules. That is what I think Bitcoiners are working to change.
I am saying that a simplistic view of "they knew it was bad for them, so why should they be surprised if it kills them? How are the companies responsible??" isn't helpful or productive. It is simplistic in that it ignores the human, deeply psychological reasons why people smoke, and we know from viewing emails, research, and other documentation produced by these very companies that they know this and have deftly capitalized on these views to increase smoking among new customers. Viewing it as a *choice* is actually too simplistic. These addictions, [as we are now discovering,](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/johann-hari/the-real-cause-of-addicti_b_6506936.html) go deeper and have different causes than we thought. Do you think we are addressing these deeper causes? Humans are treated as individuals today, but the needs of our social animal nature is ignored. This is largely what drives smoking. Your daughter, for instance, was seeking to enforce boundaries by making a long-lasting decision contrary to your wishes. Research, however, shows that smoking rates decline if other ways to allow teens to demonstrate their independence are enforced. It's not that you were a bad parent. There are other things that we can all do together.
Or, rather, put away their spoons, FFS.
If they were smart and would cover all that desert in solar farms, they could, uh, be the Saudi Arabia of solar power!
&gt; her point about dress/shoes is valid The pink stilhetto dress shoes she no doubt wears weigh 450g, *tops.* She can't jump into some pink New Balance's for her short trot to her Lincoln Navigator?
Oh, [she's for real](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/82/b1/13/82b113177ba2fa7e26fcc3324ffe448f.jpg), all right.
The *service* in this city sucks. I'd call the concierge, but when I dial '0' the lady pretends she doesn't even know what I'm talking about!
Agree. Have seen him before and he's instructor-level. Am I the only one that feels like he's not Syrian?
The Internet is global. All this "Freedom Act" means is that the NSA has a sort of digital Guantanamo Bay somewhere. For instance, Canada might host the USA's data, every country in the Five Eyes just "data launders" for each other.
Absolutely agree. I was just on their site page and it says they are not opening until June 19th. Which happens to be the exact day that my upcoming motorcycle trip ENDS. Rats! I thought it would be a very interesting ride very early in the season. Do you live anywhere around there?
I live in S. AB, as well—very lucky to meet you. I have a small problem re: my upcoming moto trip will be from June 6th-18th, but I have to be in Pincher Creek from the 11th to the 14th, leaving me a sort of "operation book-end" trip. I'm really not sure of the right route. I was thinking of maybe [this route](https://www.google.ca/maps/dir/Calgary,+AB/The+Village+of+Radium+Hot+Springs+Municipal+office,+4836+Radium+Boulevard,+Radium+Hot+Springs,+BC+V0A+1M0/Coleman,+Crowsnest+Pass,+AB/Calgary,+AB/@49.7706425,-115.1555523,9z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m31!4m30!1m5!1m1!1s0x537170039f843fd5:0x266d3bb1b652b63a!2m2!1d-114.0708459!2d51.0486151!1m5!1m1!1s0x4173cafb9badbc49:0xdaeebe503eaffde9!2m2!1d-116.07592!2d50.620088!1m10!1m1!1s0x536f8dd6bbc0fc0b:0x6b639decb53d00f8!2m2!1d-114.5025925!2d49.6350584!3m4!1m2!1d-114.285688!2d50.854755!3s0x53710a31dfdb0d07:0x2bad639da162a253!1m5!1m1!1s0x537170039f843fd5:0x266d3bb1b652b63a!2m2!1d-114.0708459!2d51.0486151!3e0?hl=en), or perhaps just restricting myself to southern Alberta only. If it's not too much of a question, do you have any advice?
I watched Braveheart and thought, "How would anyone even hear him?" Not making a joke. Maybe the speeches were given simultaneously, by many people?
Will this RAW support come to the Note 4? How is this phone the red-headed step-child, already?? I just got it this year.
I'm surprised no one has identified the plants in this photo (I don't know). :)
LOL, I can't even believe that listing is there. I'm in Canada, and the seller won't ship to Canada, and contact to the seller is disabled. Any chance you want to write her? Otherwise, I'll have to go to a gaskets place with the part and see if it will hold water, etc. Thanks for finding that listing, though!
It seems to me that 1MB is actually a good limit. And limits can actually work in our favour. Am I an idiot? (There, that'll get this reply started on the right foot.) I am not necessarily comfortable with Bitcoin growing and developing into doing things other than just being a currency. Maybe I'm a n00b, but, how much more information does a transaction need to have? Are we weaving V8 contracts into the blockchain, now?
Mr. Goose? Yes, this is Ms. Gander. Ms. Gander? May I introduce Mr. Goose.
It makes me sad that divorce has been used by male idiots (I'm a male, sometimes an idiot) to hurt women. Because if anyone deserves to land in a refrigerator box on the street after a divorce, it's this woman.
They're paying for a look under the hood, and later on maybe for the people, too, not the technology
Didn't someone once design a rig where the shuttle orbiter is literally on top of a pod of maybe three or four orange tanks?
Why does a blue whale's belly have lines like that?
Sorry, I actually cut and pasted it verbatim from a book I was reading, where it was spelled out.
Sorry, I actually cut and pasted it verbatim from a book I was reading, where it was spelled out.
Crap! What do you think happened in that situation???
I don't even bother waving at the half-shell fucktards. If your definition of "coooool" is ignoring friendly people, well, that's all I need to know.
We walked on the moon *50* years ago. Progress? Let's not put our collective shoulders out patting ourselves on the back. There's a reason the phrase "lunar industrial complex" doesn't exist, people. Pretty much all we've got to show for all this *progress* are guided missiles, surveillance, and the "selfie" generation.
**KIDS: DOWNVOTING WHEN YOU DISAGREE IS CONTENTIOUS** This contributes to the discussion. Stop.
R12GS owner, here. I'd be interested in this bike if it was lighter and better-performing on the pavement, but could handle the occasional frost-heave gravel roads.
Let's have an audit and see who's right.
I bet you $0.10 that it does!
Go back to bed, Margaret!
And pedantic.
True. What is less known is the extent to which America's industrialists and right-wing intellectuals sympathized with Nazi ideals.
This is because they also believe that the Earth was created 6000 years ago. The spike in CO2 looks "natural" to them on that timescale. But it sure isn't on a timeline of one million years, let's say.
Impossible to do, though. Once the radio waves are transmitted, there's no calling them back, and they'll serve as a huge signpost saying "We're here." The progression of a civilization after discovering radio waves is pretty locked down, mathematically-speaking. Hiding just isn't possible. I believe, however, that no one is travelling interstellar space for nefarious purposes. We have no reason to hide. Once a civilization masters the laws of physics, there is no scarcity. Other than our culture, there is nothing we have that anyone would need.
No, no, this is actually a smart statement. But... how are they doing that? One ship at a time, going planet to planet? Or, say, through something small? They'd need something that would, say, be very light, very small, very resistant to extreme heat, cold, and radiation, something that could populate an entire planet and even educate or evolve the smaller-order animals living there... ...you know... maybe something small like a mushroom spore, perhaps, that germinates in cow shit and somehow starts communicating galactic technology?
[Think of the assumptions](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11115/111150904/3796759-5220289697-3q7bi.jpg) you're dealing with, here. For instance, it's a HUGE assumption that their species will populate beyond their habitat's limits, and will thus need additional space. Ours does this, but we're stupid. The laws of nature, however, are about to come calling on Earth, and our civilization will either adapt, coming to live within its environmental means, so to speak, or It's also a huge assumption that interstellar travel is feasible. I don't mean *possible*, here, I mean feasible, as in, that we'd even *want* to go anywhere. The risks aren't worth the rewards, yet. How close is the nearest habitable planet to us? [This](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_nearest_terrestrial_exoplanet_candidates) site says it's 12 light years away. So, even at .25*c*, what's the plan? Send a bunch of people with their iPhones to live in a new planet with nothing but some animals, or bacteria, or that's full of dinosaurs, or only to get there to find that it's in the habitable zone, but uninhabitable? This is such fantasy. The amount of things that they have to get spot-on is just too large. Even if they could terraform, then why wouldn't they terraform their own planet, or convert additional planets in their solar system, or..... it's just silly. We're not trying to populate Mars. We can't even *go* there, *en masse*. It would take maybe ~15,000 years to terraform it. In that time, mankind will have met its maker, or at least, its make-or-break moment...
Agree. It's fun! Let's examine your points: - Few hundred years ahead? The odds against that are *astronomical*. Dinosaurs, for instance, lived without radio waves for 250,000,000 years. Against that timeline, the odds of a civilization being only a couple hundred years ahead of us are so low as to be zero. So, either we would arrive at the nearest star and find that we're too primitive and unwelcome there (or would be assimilated), or... they're dinosaurs and we're lunch. - Why would anyone need an interstellar weapons system? What would ANY civilization *capable* of crossing interstellar space possibly need from another planet? Think about it. They'd have enough energy to literally create matter itself, at will. Even entire planets. We totally, totally underestimate the amount of space between stars. The energy needed to send any usable amount of people and machinery at, say, 0.25*c* would literally make going there unnecessary if you could create that. - Radio waves would take 25 years round trip to reach the nearest star (with a habitable planet) and then return (assuming they received everything, etc., and replied). It's boring, wouldn't you agree? Not a way to communicate. There IS a "net," however, that seems full of alien consciousnesses...
The fact that alcohol is a naturally-derived fuel from crops, perfect for internal combustion engines, and is a perfect cycle in terms of making farmers powerful and rich energy suppliers. The end. You really think that it was "a constitutional amendment" and that's it? Oh, MEANWHILE, all this alcohol that could power cars was... coming out of crops....
I thought the most recent episode of Survivor was pretty 'on point,' shall we say
Hiller + Backlund for... O'Reilly
..but, realistic
