You don't lose your old license. Your key is still fine, don't worry 😊. You'll probably need to install fresh again though. No downgrading
Eye contact is not just "eye contact" though, and some people don't realize this. Often you can tell when someone is making eye contact just to make eye contact, and often they have these unnatural, big wide-open eyes that are clearly strained. Or, while you are "trying" to make eye contact, they make eye contact with you, and then you shift your mannerism somehow, or your eyes get larger, or whatever, even in the most subtle way, to their eyes, makes it come off as creepy. Eye contact is important, but it needs to be natural, and this is a hard challenge for a lot of people. Also, natural eye contact is not 100% staring into their eyes, no one does that naturally. It's looking at their eyes, but letting your eyes wander a little to their lips, or you looking away while you think of a response. This is more natural. I have a friend who doesn't get this and you can tell he is trying to have eye contact, but instead he just eye fucks you because of the never ending "stare." And that is the key-word, good eye contact is NOT staring, it is like I said, looking in their eyes, but not penetrating their eyes, not being afraid to look at their lips or something else when you think. Looking at their eyes can be great, especially with someone of the opposite sex, but if you are going to molest their eyes with your eyes, it better be with someone who you know there is a good vibe with between each other. Hoverer, I don't know. This usually just means people don't want you to be "in" on their conversation, but you hang around anyway, missing the social ques. This could be fore many reasons why they may not want this, but typically if someone is already engaged in a conversation, and you show up, if they don't immediately bring you into it, after the initial "hey how's it going?" then just move on. I mean, you might say, "What's new?" and then if it doesn't go beyond a "not much..." then you just say, "Oh just wanted to say hey, don't want to interrupt your conversation. I'll see you guys later!" Then move on. Hoverers don't get the social que and still hang around. I am not saying this is your case, but the situation is situational. You can be the most popular person around, but doesn't mean that a certain conversation is meant for you to be a part of. Not everyone wants you to be a part of every conversation, so don't take it as a personal sleight against you if they don't want you to be. The popular person gets this, understands this, and moves on quickly. No lingering, no awkward pauses, just, "See you later!" But, if you are asking yourself why you may not be the person that gets brought into the conversations, there are many reasons this could be. It's true what others have said, being attractive helps, but that's not really it. All that does is help you jump through a few hoops. If you are still "weird" then people will catch on soon enough no matter how good looking you are. A lot of it has to do with because people don't think you have something to bring to the conversation. People enjoy others who have an interesting life, have interesting stories to share, or things they can relate to with. If you are NEVER the person to talk about cool things you did that weekend, or places you went, or relevant things to others, and being able to do so in an interesting way, it is harder for them to even care sharing with you about anything. My go-to success in social situations is to have your own interesting things about yourself, but to spend 90% of the time talking about things they care about. See them talking about something? Ask them a cool question about it, show interest in their topic. Focus on them and they love you. Again, this needs to be natural and you need to show sincere interest, and questions can't be technical and just for gaining info, but more along the lines of, "Oh wow, that sounds like it was so fun, did you manage to do this too when you did it?!" As just a brief example... Ultimately though, the key is to being able to predict how other people might react to what you say and do, and being able to do that on the fly, without thinking about it much. Meaning, if I act a certain way and I do a certain thing, what are these people going to think? Being able to "know" how people will react rather than just guess or try to think how they will is the highest quality to have that will help you succeed in socialisms more. It allows flexibility, the ability to discern people's different personalities and how to react to each one appropriately. It will allow you to more quickly catch the social ques because you can discern what others might be thinking. Some of this comes from experience, but much of it just comes from self-awareness. This is all easier said than done, and it is hard to say it is something that can be "practiced." Why? Because much of it you can't really... However, the important thing is this... If YOU like yourself, and you know what you want in your life, and are going for it, then you will have the self-confidence to be that kind of person. Just know what you want out of life and go for it. If you don't, that's step one. You can't go any further if you are just gonna doubt yourself. The reality is that it all falls back on you and you CAN and absolutely will become someone that is likable and successful, in whatever way that definition of success matters to you, but you first gotta believe in yourself that one, you are not some creep, because you're not, and then go from there. Social anxiety is a very real and common thing, but you're not doomed with it from birth. Much of it is learned... So, unlearn it. It takes time, but all of a sudden you look back and you realize how different you are socially, but at the same time, never lost who you are inside. I have confidence that you'll figure it out!
This is cool, but wouldn't it just be more efficient for them to just refund the difference?
But, the base could easily be turned into just a skeleton crew, with significantly smaller programs only. They will lose outon hundreds of millions, likely billions over some years of we can't get that plane here. The sound is really not that bad and the planes even have protocols to follow when flying over residential so it's not deafening anyway. The A-10 program is not gonna last much longer and the F 35 future proofs us. No other program they bring here is even closer to the scale and size, not to mention that the whole "could bring other programs here" doesn't even mean they will. IF Tucson residents annoy em enough, that might just scratch the base off the list completely for anything. All I can say is it would be a tragedy if Tucson loses this...
OMG, and you know what? Who does wallstreet really want on the ticket? Hillary OR Bush... They want them so bad. Why does Bush even have a chance? Why do they keep bringing him up? I don't even know any Republicans that want a 3rd Bush. But Hillary, really!? That lady has so much baggage it's insane. Can anyone really say they could trust Hillary? No. Yet, I feel like I could trust Rand Paul. Hell, I feel like I could trust Bernie Sanders, even though I don't always agree with the guy, but I could trust him because you KNOW exactly what he believes in as he has been preaching it for decades. Rand Paul is the same, he actually believes in his politics. Hillary on the other hand? She is constantly lying... one cover story after another over the email things. One excuse here, another there. I can't trust her. I HATE that she is the DNC's chose establishment frontrunner. They couldn't have a worse candidate. Elizabeth Warren would run circles around her if given a chance, but nope, not the establishment's choice.
Ya, while I agree paypal is crap, you don't walk away from a business like that. The big key word is"probably" about 250k. If you are running a business, particlularly a small business, you know exactly how much you made. I ran my own small business for 5 and a half years and I could tell you exactly what my revenue was all 5 years, a couple of them being higher than his 250k. Why? Because you do everything... you track it hardcore. You file the taxes. When he is like I "sold probably 250k per year," one, implying his revenue was static year after year(BS!), but also he wasn't sure the exact amount, just kind of close? And, then he left it all cause paypal pissed him off? No way in hell us he real. But, I do concede the ebay thing. They skim you for so much money, from ebay, the fees, then paypal, before you ever even see your money in your bank account. I drifted away from them and ebay over time as a result myself too... sadly.
Oh God, ya that makes a WHOLE lot of sense. I'll start the flame on you because it's deserved. For all you know they took that photo in a parking lot or stopped at a red light. The article doesn't say the photo was "SECONDS" before the accident, they just said it was the last picture of the girls before the accident. The guy was a repeat DUI offender. That is the cause...
Except I am happy with what he did with the series, and this is coming from a Trekkie who owns his own flight cadet uniform! Seriously, I love the series and the philosophical nature of the story-telling, but I also understand that you can have a fun, visual, suspenseful movie for everyone too. The reality is that my wife never cared for the Star Trek series. My wife doesn't even like Sci-Fi. Heck, my wife doesn't even care for Star Wars, as it's "too boring" in her words. She doesn't even care for the Lord of the Rings movies, for that matter. She likes lots of things, but for some reason, these just never appealed to her. Yet, she LIKED the new Star Trek movies, both of em. Liked the 2nd one even more. I liked em too, they were fun. Maybe not as "deep" on an intellectual level as classic Star Trek, but what Abrahms did was bring Star Trek to the mainstream and I am not sure someone who LOVES Star Trek would've done this. They probably would've been more true to classic Star Trek style storytelling, which might've been good, might've not, but one thing you cannot die about the reboot is how it's breathed fresh life into the series. Anyway, I wouldn't mind the 3rd movie going back to its roots a bit more, but I have zero complaints about these 2. I think they are fun and still worth watching more than once.
But that's not what happened is it? It doesn't matter if they almost hit them or whatever... you are on a bike, you end up in people's blind spots, it happens. What is not acceptable is road rage for any reason at all. These douchebags put other drivers in danger as they weaved in and out, and then attacked this family in a car... NO EXCUSES. I don't care if they almost ran into one of em. The proper thing to do is to phone the police and maybe follow them slowly from behind whilst giving their plate number to the police. What did they do? Smash a window with a toddler in the backseat... Ya, go to jail. These guys deserve any sentencing they get. Fucking douchebags that should be off the road is what I saw.
Yup, but the Hospital still sends people without the fancy insurance the same bill though, so unless they are educated to ask for reduced pricing, the hospital will take it all if they pay it.
Imo, about the only good thing out of the ACA was the mandate that people with pre-existing conditions couldn't be denied insurance... I agree with that, and you know, I get it if insurance premiums went higher because of that. But, there is still the much more massive problem of out of control healthcare costs when I go into the Emergency room because I am dizzy and want to get checked out and leave after 3 hrs with an $8000 bill... Nothing addressed this at all... Hell, even these new insurance plans are crap. My deductable is like $6000. So, even though I have to pay roughly $500 p/month for my family's healthcare, or $6000 p/year, I still need to cover an additional $6000 before my insurance even does anything for me... I'm still out 12k, or $1000 a month, if I even have one or 2 illnesses in the family that need medical care. It's Bullshit and the ACA did nothing to address it.
I think that's a fantastic analogy!
Calc3 seems ambiguous, are we talking Diff. q or Vector calc? Both seem invaluable to me, depending on the field of programming you are going into... Not sure why a school would not require it. Keeps their graduates prepared for any direction to take in the programming world.
This is good... I honestly haven't left my Garrison in months... Seriously, screw apexis dailies. They are boring as hell. Grinding mobs for 30 minutes is NOT content. I would happily go back in the world if I could fly places again. I would LOVE to earn flying...
I was kind of thinking the same thing... The guy probably isn't a bad programmer, but got the famous mind-block in an interview, and is now over-reacting. Interview questions rarely are practical things. They are like CodingBat exercises where it just tests your comfort and prowess a little from simple to hard coding problems, be them string manipulation or recrusive things. This is a clever question because it not only tests your comfort level on recursion, but ensures you can handle a Binary tree too, something that is rather simple, but surprisingly not well understood by a huge portion of people that are programmers. A LOT of programmers out there get good with their If and While statements and some good boolean logic, but then never go to the next level of understanding some interesting data structures.
Just wanted to say, as a 10 year Warcraft veteran, long time MMO veteran, and one who has tried pretty much every big and hyped new MMO to come out since Conan, Star Wars, Rift, Wild Star, GW2, etc... FF14 is the ONLY one that has had me keep my account active. Yes, I still have my WOW account active because of my history with it, with the guild, and it's still a great game, but WOW has made a lot of "boring" gameplay decisions as of late, with ridiculously long content droughts, whilst FF14 seems to have constant "fun" content updates, seems more modernized (seriously, I can get all my professions on one character, compared to the endless alt-hopping tedious fest that Warcraft has become, even more so now that professions are so linked to the garrisons). I love FF14... great world, great production values, great music, and whilst some might hate that it is one of those few MMOs that still has a subscription model, let me just say that I find it hard to play any MMO without the subscription model these days. Why? The sub acts as a nice gate from the trolls of the internet. Yes, they still exist in all games, but in FTP, they consume the games. FF14 has a young and unbittered and helpful community. Server reputation actually matters (unlike what Warcraft has become). Working together works together... people still talk to each other in everything. Anyway, just wanted to say, if you were hesitant, just give it a try. FF14, again, is the ONLY MMO to ever keep me playing outside of Warcraft... Lots of fun!
But seriously, most people wouldn't have even gone to the theater to see it either. Most people I know that even bothered to see it ONLY watched it cause it was free online, and then after watching it all agreed, "Glad I didn't spend money on that movie." Especially since they wouldn't have anyway...
Oh gosh... I feel a strong kinship in your part "TODO: Write comments..." -- Haha, usually I put // Comments incoming soon...
You could have a refresh rate of 288hz and it wouldn't make your game more smooth if your GPU couldn't output that. The nice thing is that super high refresh rates allow you to achieve things like 3D gaming and/or reduce motion blur. These are things that even being able to run a game at 60fps is not enough. So, where gsync/freesync shine is at lower FPS. Screen tearing happens at low FPS. It technically happens at high FPS too, but because high FPS is so high you don't really notice it. At low FPS it is VERY obvious... so that is where gsync/freesync really shine. It will not really be all that useful if you even have a moderately powerful system on older games and can pull 60+ FPS. However, even the latest $500 video cards can't push the newest games like the Witcher 3 at 1440P or 4k at 60 FPS (for now lol), so for serious enthusiasts you really need this kind of adaptive sync monitor to get the smoothest experience as possible. Anyway, it's one of those things you don't realize you needed until you have it. I used to be stubborn, never really though screen tearing was all that bad, and then I was over my brother's house and saw how smooth his games were... it was weird not seeing the jitter, even on his weaker gaming system, but superior monitor. I felt a strong revelation come over me and knew that I needed something like that. So, I got myelf a Gsync monitor and never looked back. I only have 1, in a 3 monitor setup (not for triple monitor gaming but for work purposes, I only game on the gsync monitor), but oh man is it just amazing... Even better, Gsync as of the last Nvidia update a couple weeks back, now works in window'd mode (used to be fullscreen gaming only). As a big multi-tasker this was critical to me. I can't speak for freesync but tech seems similar.
This is fairly accurate, but I will also add that as a long-time pvp'r and 10 yr WOW veteran one of the biggest complaints I have with WoD is that there is nothing new... They gave us zero. Blizz put all of their eggs in one basket in WoD, Ashran, and it was a bust. Seriously, Ashran is like 90% running around to do PVE, 8% sitting around, and 2% actually engaging in PVP combat. The whole place just feels like a chore. Yes, with LFG groups sometimes you can find groups focused on running the middle road, but again, you still end up killing NPCs more than you are pvping... this is not fun. We got zero new BGs in WoD, zero new anything. Yes, they honed in the CC a bit, which I think was necessary, but exactly like you said, now everyone only has like 3 or 4 useful spells. In efforts for Blizzard to simplify the talent trees and spell bloat, the purged a TON of spells of every class. This might have worked well for PVE, but in PVP, a lot of us feel like we lost a ton of utility, a ton of choice, and ultimately, a ton of fun with the class because it essentially lowers the skill cap for so many classes. Mastering your class was a rewarding side-aspect of PVP... now it's just easier than ever. Instead of that making people want to play more though, it makes classes feel shallow, and since they have homogenized so much of the characters now, classes don't necessarily feel like they have their own flavor. I though patch 4.3 was bad in Cata, when essentially you had to be doing Heroic DS with the right trinkets and crap to even be considered for high end arena/RBG teams, and that was a mess... but nope, WoD in its current state is probably the worst state PVP has ever been in in WOW. Don't get me wrong, if you can actually get together a group of 40 people and go raid a city you can have some fun, but even blizz has successfully killed the fun of most of the because cities are lifeless now as everyone just AFKs in their garrisons. Also, cities are so overwhelmed with endless NPC respawns that it kills a bit of PVP as it is nearly impossible to take a small group into a city for small skirmishes when 100 NPC guards insta spawn on top of you...
In South Africa, or really anywhere in Africa, the wildlife reserves are called "game parks." When referring to wildlife the common saying is "game." It sounds like a hunting word to an American, but it is just the common saying everyone uses in the English spoken in SA. So, "Game reserve" or "game park" or whatever. These are fenced areas with wildlife that is not like a zoo, but basically many square miles of land fenced off for people to drive in and observe animals in their natural habitat. The largest park, Kruger National Park, is the largest game reserve in the world covering thousands of square miles of protected land. Ideally, these are supposed to be poacher free lands, but sometimes they will cut the fences to get in, especially Kruger. There ARE specific game parks built for hunters, but again, "game" is a universal word used to describe wildlife.
Ya, same situation for me... Wife has had 2 kids now, we are 31, so it's not quite as easy to find fitness time... People on here are like, "Just workout together!" Well, when you need to find a babysitter to go workout together, this doesn't work. So, we workout on opposite schedules. She likes to jog in the morning, whilst I workout before I come home from work. However, like you said, me beginning to workout was not enough for her. Raising 2 kids, losing habits, and ultimately losing motivation has made it harder to get back in the flow of things, and while she never got obese, or even close, she went from like a 110lb to 130 lbs, and it was noticeable. So again, she wasn't that far off her original weight, but enough to lose that thin figure. Anyway, when I started hitting the gym, and then I started to be interested on group bike rides on say a Saturday morning, and she saw some of the people in the group, all of a sudden she was out jogging in the mornings again. It's not like she doubted our relationship, but I think it's just a natural biological ingrained thing of the subconscious that makes woman competitive against other women.
A great example of this is Starcraft 2 which will crank your gpu into the hundreds of fps just on the main menu screen and force your gpu to hit 100% output lol...
You are right, very clever, but as a programmer with a little experience in forensic accounting, interning at a firm, ultimately pursuing the bio sciences instead, I will say that this may have worked once upon a time, but you will be easily auto-flagged for review with stuff like this, just by software analysis. This type of "structuring" is well-documented and completely red-flagged. Might even get the IRS involved, especially for any significant amount of a refund. You might get away with a few thousand dollars of this, but seriously, 9 or 10k or more, you are going to get flagged. But ya, genius idea when it was an unknown loophole.
I would also like to point out that even if they got the technology to where you could make a profit selling the SSDs that cheap, they will not sell that cheap. Demand will be too high. Enterprise SSDs that are 4 or 6TB in size still cost upwards for $5000 + each one. I remember we dropped about 9k each at my work for a nice array of a few hundred 4.8TB enterprise SSDs about a year and a half ago. A 4TB HDD is, on a good price, $120. Companies would happily pay a few thousand dollars at this point. And yes, if they can manufacture them cheaper, the price wars may eventually help drop the price, thank you Capitalism on that, but OMG, those price wars are gonna be marginal undercutting for quite a while and these companies will happily be selling a massive profits until then. There is no way in hell they would kill their huge profits by 2016 Christmas. Again, is it possible we will see the manufacturing get better and see massive manufacturing cost reductions by then? Sure... But we won't be seeing equivalent pricing for a very long time... sadly. Plus, HDDs are still rapidly reducing in price per GB as well. I know SSDs are getting cheaper, but so are HDDs, with 8TB HDDs hitting the market for like 250 bucks. By 2016 we'll be seeing 12TB HDDs, maybe more. I just don't buy this at all...
I'll upvote because we know their family as their sons were in cub scouts where I was a den leader before moving away. He is a great guy though and pretty cool as he practiced as a Navy Dentist before coming back to the US and practicing here.
It's ok, I assumed that. And, if your assumption was correct, you might have actually been right. As someone who comes from a well-off family, I absolutely see this. The wealthy in America do not feel the same pain as the rest of America. It's like as the Gas prices rose to 4 bucks a gallon a few years back, it didn't really affect rich people at all, yet it completely changed middle and lower-classes behavior because the difference of 100 or 200 bucks more a month in fees is often the difference between weather everyone is eating rice and beans or something better that month. Over the years, whilst I have seen some curb some grandiose spending a bit, at the end of the day, they are not hurting. For example, there is this one family, wonderful family, very humble. But, also very rich, like 100 million+ rich. We've been close friends for a very long time in our family to the point my wife and I even had our wedding reception in their backyard (as friends) and it was gorgeous. But, they used to have a 2 million dollar top-floor penthouse in some vacation spot in Mexico, and a 2nd Lakehouse for vacation, and a houseboat for vacation, and so on and so on... Well, they decided to tighten their belt with this recession so they sold off the penthouse they only go to a couple times a year and sold the houseboat they only ever used once, and cut back to only 1 house-maid. Are they any poorer? Not really, stocks are doing great! But, then there is me, where my family kind of believes in the "Make it on your own" thing... so while my parents are rich, my wife and I are very poor as I am still a graduate student making very little lol. The rich have made very little lifestyle changes in this great recession, whilst everyone else is hurting more than ever. Good paying jobs are SO hard to come by now. Even low-paying jobs can be hard to find at times, at least decent ones. This is where connections play such an important part, and whilst I may not be getting a big trust from my family, I still know so many of my parents friends and colleagues and it comes without question, or of the many times I rub shoulders with them, "Oh hey GeneticsGuy? Done with school yet? Nope!? Well, when you are done, come talk to me..." The inequality gap really is huge, and growing... I am a conservative Capitalist, but even I see the realities that an income inequality gap being large as being a bad thing. Even I see that corporatism and crony capitalism and behind the door deals and corrupt politicians as ruining our American system, where we have always been the strongest nation not because of the rich, but because our middle class was so huge and so strong, and once had one of the highest standards of living in the world. Now, everyone seems to be selling out to make a quick short-term buck. I've met the guys like this... the business venture capitalists that swoop in, buy out a company, strip it clean, make the remaining salaried employees take on 3 jobs worth of work, instantly return huge profits on the company in the first year, not because of increased sales, but because of lower labor reduction costs, and then keep that up for maybe 2 years then sell the company for a profit. Usually the employees just holdout, hoping things will get better, often because they have been with the company for years, only now to be turned into slaves, or restricted of their bonuses by the new management and owners. Yet, the company sells for a profit because it LOOKs more profitable. Lots of underlying troubles not easily noticeable though that may cause the company to soon unravel. You see this a lot, lots of companies get bought out, and then change hands 5 times in 8 years whilst everyone makes a big profit except for the guy at the end. It's like the corporate world is playing hot potato with companies they are destroying, hoping they don't end up last one holding it. This happens SO SO SO much right now, and it is not stopping because SO many are getting rich doing it. Anyway, I appreciate your post, I was only commenting that the fast pass was free lol, and now you sent me off and I started venting. Sorry!
This is why I would be really happy if the Democratic nominee was Bernie Sanders, and the Republican nominee was Rand Paul. Why!? Because at least the Americans would know what each candidate really believed in. Whilst you may like or dislike their personal beliefs and politics, these people are the real rogues of Washington, even though such a term has been mostly made worthless as certain politicians have "claimed" to be as such, only proving they are not. We know that Sanders is a staunch liberal and he is not ashamed of it and he doesn't pander at all. We know that Rand Paul is a staunch Conservative with very Libertarian ideas and he doesn't seem to pander at all either. In fact, when was opposing the whole Patriot Act thing recently, with his "pseudo" filibuster, front page on Fox News was "Rand Paul loses any chance of the White House..." trying to insult him for not wanting to be tough on terrorism or something, as the establishment WANTED it to pass. Notice how the news media has already chosen Hillary as the front runner? Notice how the news media has already dismissed Rand Paul as a potential candidate, even though Bernie Sanders and Rand Paul seem to resonate much more with Americans than these other potential candidates are doing right now? It's once again, like Mitt Romney and the last election. He was the establishment's chosen front runner long before the primaries were even close to being won. I remember people had to cause a lot of noise to even get Ron Paul into one of the primary debates even though he qualified, as the establishment had already dismissed him. And, when they'd do the "analysis" after saying 'who won,' they would never say, "How did Ron do?" It was always like, "I think Romney took this over Santorum" or something like that. It was like he didn't exist. Expect this exact same behavior on both sides of the isle here... the Dems against Sanders and Repubs against Paul. Again, I am not saying the others aren't sincere in their beliefs and like say, Rubio isn't a good candidate, I am just giving my personal preference because it is at least abundantly clear that Paul and Sanders are not the same kind of politicians we have been used and abused by for decades. Which honestly, is probably why they won't win, sadly. Even Glenn Beck said he'd be happier with Bernie Sanders as President than Hillary, because while he disagrees with Bernie, he still likes the guy and respects him because you know exactly what he believes and he is honest about it, no beating around the bush.
These kinds of questions are actually kind of fun so I'll try to hit your points lol. Gaming rig is fine, probably aren't even bottlenecking that i7 at all with your gaming, just your GPU might be a little now. First off, if you want your system to be able to do everything you said, you don't need something really powerful. I assume you want something fanless because you want a "silent" HTPC, also powersaving? You could do this with even the intel Celeron anniversary edition that is so hot right now lol. But, be aware, that only supports 2x USB 3.0 slots if you have more Drives than that. Again, go based by your needs. Imo, as I have done the fanless thing, it is nice, but occasionally you hit like max-load on those CPUs, and unless you undervolt them, and deal with that hassle, sometimes they are not really worth it. Just get a fan. Almost all bios' or lots of fan software out there lets you customize your own fan profiles if you really want to, so just set low-fan speed. Most fans will be completely noiseless at below 40% speed, and you could say, have zero fan speed, thus being fanless, unless CPU hits like 50C or something, and it boosts up to 20% on. I think this is the best solution as it gives flexibility. Fans take incredibly a small amount of power anyway. Oh and the whole fire thing, modern CPUs "should" actually have safeguards in place now that actually auto-underclock and the CPUs and shuts them down if they get too hot to stop the risk of the old fire hazard issue lol. You can easily play and stream locally a 1080P signal on something as weak as a raspberry pi machine. This is not gonna be an issue for practically any device you run. Integrated intel graphics are more than enough to handle a 1080P signal flawlessly. A NAS also requires very little processing power. Just remember a NAS just means, Network Attached Storage. You can just throw in a bunch of Hard Drives (if you want, Raid them for one giant drive, but this has risks if you don't have an auto-backup system, as if one drive goes out, you lose the data on ALL drives), and then connect the system to your home network, allowing the folders to be "shared" between devices. Boom, it's that simple, all of a sudden you have a NAS. Now, this is where operating system comes in to play, and imo, it seems like your only 2 real options here are either some Linux Distro or Windows. Typically, if it was ONLY a NAS, you could install some really lightweight server program to manage the data, but since you want to have Steam on it AND you want it to be your media center AND you want it to be your NAS, you need something that can do all of the above. Windows is kind of overkill, but it is also incredibly easy to use and get most of the programs up and running without issues or much tinkering to get all your drivers working right. If you are comfortable with the command line, it's nice to go with Linux as you can just SSH into your system, but since you said you are looking to remote desktop to it, windows 8.1 I think has remote desktop built in (does win 7?). Either way, Win 10 coming out for free soon if you have a win8 or 7 license, so ultimately win 10 does have such a feature. You can also configure this specific OS to boot into say, Steam big picture mode for streaming or straight into XBMC or Plex, whilst keeping bigPicture Steam open in the background or something so you can easily swap back and forth. Blu ray drive is interesting because unfortunately, you have to PAY to be able to watch Blu Ray movies. They are licensed through Sony, and to get a fully movie playable BluRay player, you have to pay for the software to watch the movies and then use that software. It's REALLY annoying, hence why I have forever ditched the blu-ray player for playing moviesand just rip all my movies Lossless quality, fully uncompressed with "MakeMKV" software (which is still currently Free while in Beta, yay!). But of course, I have a Blu-Ray player because I need it so I can rip my BluRay movies! MakeMKV also strips all the annoying menus. But again, I understand, as sometimes you grab a Redbox movie and want to pop it in as soon as you get home, not spend 20 minutes transcoding and ripping the disk and copying it to your server before watching it lol. Blu Ray drives that also come with the license to play the movies aren't that pricey, often see em go on sale for like 50 or 60 bucks (I should say this includes the BD-RW, not just readers, but writers too). So, just be aware, that you can do that, and again, it's no different than playing another 1080P signal and a Blu-ray player doesn't somehow cost a lot of CPU power, but you gotta use specific software that is licensed through Sony to play the official discs. Even VLC won't play Sony Blu Ray movies. Though, you can add some decoders that are out there, but it seems like Sony is updating the security every month on those discs and often these decoders are not up to date, so you will have a tough time with the newest stuff. While Steam prefers devices capable of hardware decoding, feel at ease here because essentially everything decodes with hardware lol. Think of it this way. Since your PC is just streaming a video signal, and you are only giving it some input with say, the controller, it's not all that different than just streaming a 1080P video on youtube. Ya, I am simplifying it a bit, but Steam streaming is really mostly just that. All the work is done on your gaming PC. The ONLY thing to really be concerned about it say, if you are using a Plex server, instead of XBMC, Plex does a lot of transcoding. Whilst they do a lot of direct streaming, if the device supports it, it also will transcode files. Plex is really cool because of how much compatibility it has with Linux, Apple, Windows, and pretty much all the smart phones and tablets out there. It has apps for your smart TVs and everything. This is really awesome. So awesome in fact, that this past weekend, I was flying Jet Blue which has free wifi internet on board, that at 40,000 ft, I was streaming a movie from my home Plex server on my tablet. This would not have been possible with XBMC because it doesn't do transcoding. It would have to buffer forever (remember I rip all my movies in 100% lossless quality, so 40GB Blu Ray movies might take a while to Buffer lol). However, on the airplane, whilst it technically was high speed and free, it wasn't crazy high speed unless I wanted to pay 10 bucks an hr, so I just lowered my bit-rate and quality of the video to 2Mbps streaming, and it streamed my videos perfectly from home, whilst my wife, in the seat next to me, was also busy streaming on her own tablet her own video from our home server, whilst my brother was sitting in his room streaming a TV show at full quality to his house, since I shared my server with him. However, now I have 3x signals being transcoded, and all of a sudden that intel Celeron might not be so great as my media server CPU, and that is why I use an i7 for my media server. This is where you need to determine your needs and for most people, this is complete overkill, as most people just don't need to decode so many simultaneous stream, and/or they don't even have the upload bandwidth to provide the streams anyway from their ISP. Just know your needs and go in accordingly. Imo, going with at least an i3 promotes the best user-happiness, and then only move up from there if you know you are going to need it. My advice is that of someone not an expert, just an enthusiast, so I wouldn't take my advice as the end-all of advice in these regards, and it might be wortwhile to get multiple opinions. I just find often people on this subreddit like to suggest the bare minimum for one's needs. And, while they work, I would rather lean more towards overkill than bare minimum, as it gives me room to expand in the future, and also, I love everything to be super snappy. Just make sure you have your OS installed on an SSD... that's actually really important imo lol. You don't need a dedicated GPU for what you intend to be doing.
Haha alright fair enough. And ya, omg, I think I just do the garrison because of the easy gold, but it's pretty much the most boring thing Blizzard ever implemented into the game...
Amazon also, 14.99
Eh, ok deal I guess if you were already going to buy something from there, but BE WARNED... shipping is insane! Makes deal almost not worth it unless you were already gonna buy something from there.
Honestly, the hole gold nerf from follower missions was a big slap in the face by Blizzard. I know, I am being dramatic, but I HATE leveling alts, but I only ever did it so I could max professions. Then, WoD came out and essentially mandated that the only way you could maximize your profession fully was to be level 100 and have a tier 3 garrison. So, I sucked it up and did it and dropped SO much time doing that, along with about 25k in gold on each of these alts to get my Garrison in working order. THEN, you have to spend a few weeks running missions to finally get enough of your followers geared and lvl 100, and ideally, ilvl 675 to maximize chance on the best gold missions, and BOOM, mega nerf on it all. I know, we've all heard the whining on the forums, but I actually feel upset about it and I've never felt this way about anything in WOW before. There was just such a huge investment of time and resources to finally get my alts in a reasonable place for Blizz to do this, and I was proud of my 8x lvl 100s I had made all so tediously. I tried to be positive, and I tried to say "Oh, it won't be all that bad," but let me tell you, the diminishing returns on the gold SUCKS bad and by the time you get to your 3rd or 4th alt, it's not even worth logging over, even with Master Planner, and to add insult to injury, apparently the high lvl gold treasure missions now share some kind of account wide cooldown on spawning. Yay, guess that makes the Tier 3 inn essentially useless now on alts.
Omg, at 8:30, he seriously was getting teary eyed and emotional over his raw lamb chops lol... It was one of the few times he stopped yelling and just seemed totally defeated! haha pure gold!
I'd also add that 4.1 and 4.2 RBG seasons were TONS of fun in the PVP world, until they essentially killed PVP off in 4.3 when they made the heroic PVE gear superior in BGs... I've been a long-time PVP'r since Vanilla, and even in Vanilla PVP was still important, but optional. There were some issues even then, and there has always been some minor issues here and there, but largely TBC and WOTLK were the peak of PVP in this game. Wintergrasp may have been somewhat problematic at first, but people still enjoyed it. IoC was not nearly as good, but PVP was mostly still enjoyable in Cata (aside from the World PVP killing, endlessly respawning city guards thing Blizz implemented), but it was alright. MoP they even gave us a couple of new BGs! Then, we get WoD... horrible racial imbalances... terrible PVP combat (cooldowns necessary to ever have a chance at killing anyone, thus making PVP feel bland and useless while you wait for your CD barrage to be ready again), and literally NOTHING to do in the game outside of Ashran, and 90% of Ashran is a PVE thing, not a PVP thing... We can Blame Holinka, and I definitely think he deserves his fair share, but you know that there was lots of people in control that essentially gave the OK for this situation to happen.
Well, this is actually fairly eye-opening because my grandmother died when I was 10 yrs old and supposedly she was pulling the gun out to clean it and it went off, shooting herself on accident, and she died. At least, that is the story I was fed and believed. That was 21 years ago. Sounds like I need a conversation with my mother.
I will also say that it is possible for a woman to have an orgasm without you really feeling it, because she does not constrict the muscles around you. Some women just don't do this all that well, and honestly, I've kind of gotten a vibe from women that some of them seem very proud of their sexual ability to constrict those muscles, and are very self-aware of how that leads to better pleasure for the man. I will also say that from what I can tell, it seems to allow the woman better control at having an orgasm. Not all women seem to be able to orgasm through vaginal sex, and I suspect that some of this also has to do with the inability of some women to constrict those muscles as well, for whatever the reason (usually less active, but some women even go so far as doing exercises to improve muscle control). Obviously this is not always the case for all women, but the ones that do have better control you can absolutely tell very easily if they are, and not just by it getting a little slippier. Some women you really gotta go off the wetness AND her reaction AND maybe, looking at their toes is also a good sign, like if they are curled you can tell. All women are different, but sometimes their eyes get all lazy eyed weird too when it is happening and you can tell by looks, but in regards to sensitivity, ya, some women you can tell better than others.
Well, in her case there was no life insurance so there was no motive there. It was a 6 shot revolver, as I know, we inherited the gun when she died and it sits in one of those mini-safes in a closet at my parent's home. I just always assumed maybe she cocked it or something when cleaning it and then the hammer slipped or something. I am not an experienced gun user, though been to the range a few times as my wife likes to shoot, but only ever used a clip semi-auto, never a revolver. Thanks for that input!
This is the first youtube video I laughed at today! Thank you! lol
Wow, is she the daughter of Julia in the show "Under the Dome" ???? Similar look! [Rachelle Lefevre](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exXABLZf_9k)
Also, it is really annoying because of some episodes, you see some like twenty something kid getting praised by the boss for all this stuff (which honestly would be considered the norm in customer service for anything above an Applebees class of restaurant), and the boss is like "I am gonna pay for you to go to our special management school and get you on the fast track to being a manager!" Then they are like "Awesome!" about as enthusiastically as one could expect a 25 yr old who probably doesn't want to work in that restaurant the rest of their lives. There HAVE been some really good episodes with some really awesome bosses who really went above and beyond in helping... that fashion department store one in New York comes to mind. But, there have been some really crappy ones. It's really cringeworthy when you go from one episode where a boss is like "We are gonna give you $50,000, get you a car, and pay for your kids tuition while they are in college!" Then the next episode the boss is like, "We know you are struggling, so we are gonna give you $2500 and promote you to a supervisor and you are gonna make $2.00 more per hour!" I mean, yay, better than nothing, I can't complain. Just saying that there is no consistency in what they are giving them and there is no consistency in the type of employees they decide to follow around and there is no consistency in anything. I mean, some episodes it's like they give people a pat on the back for hard work and then the next episode they actually change someone's life. Also, some bosses come across as really douchey. There was one I remember where the boss got pissed within 5 minutes and revealed his identity just so he could yell at the manager and scream at the dishwasher because he was like "HOW DO I DO THIS!?" And, the other dishwasher was like, "You just do it man!" I mean, to be fair the dishwasher was kind of being lame and refusing to help him, but I mean, it's a dishwasher and the OWNER/CEO couldn't figure out how to do the dishes without the dude telling him to grab a rag, wipe the plates and put it in the giant dishwasher? The guy flipped out and nearly fired the other Dishwasher, ran to the manager of the store, revealed his identity, and was about to fire the manager over it. It was CRINGE x 100. TO make it even worse, at the end of it, as a "FAVOR" he was going to send the manager through special management training courses. Though to his credit, he was definitely one of the more generous of the bosses to the other employees lol, so I am conflicted about him! haha Anyone remember which restaurant that was?
This is why I love my Dell Venue 11. When I bought mine, I swapped out the 64gb M.2 SSD it came with with a 500GB one I got from some Crucial SSD clearance sale for 125 bucks, sticking the 64 into my desktop motherboard to boot from. And I nabbed a great deal on a 128Gb micro SD card the the venue 11 also has a slot for. With the optional keyboard that is built with an additional battery, and with all my storage space, I haven't even touched my laptop in over 6 months. It's seriously awesome. I can't believe how much money people are still shelling out to Apple just to upgrade from 16Gb yo 64, let alone 128 lol.
Long before day 1. People were saying this in the beta, and we all just kind of assumed Blizz around fix it before it went live. Now... I mean I guess they finally gave a way to skip the animations, but the default ui, lack of filtering, lack of anything still makes it stuck. I still have to click every stupid chest.
I mean, seriously, are you one of those guys that doesn't use a bare repository and just commits everything to the main file rather than a clone? I... well, you win this thread!
Oh yes, I think we all made that mistake in our very early programming days.... The whole, "Oh this program is WOrking! Yay! Let me just change one thing real fast..." Boom, program no longer working, spending the next day going insane trying to figure out why your program is no longer working and for some reason, even if you comment out all the changes you just made, it still won't work lol.
You're right. My cousin is openly gay and attended BYU. He didn't hide it and never got expelled or disciplined. As long they agree to the honor code, like everyone else has to abide by, be it straight or gay, anyone can attend.
No, at the highest ratings you will not do just as well. If 2 equivalent geared and equally skilled players are matched against each other, the Human will win. The racial is HUGE! This doesn't mean you can't do well, and it is true, there is a domino effect where all the best pvp'rs for the most part, have moved to the Alliance which can make it seem more stacked on Ally as a fault, but you still are forced to be that much better than your opponent if you want to win. For context, in MoP, people had so many CCs that having an extra cc break trinket would be an advantage but not horrendously terrible, however, with the ability of WoD, greatly removing the cc overkill (which was actually a good thing), since they also pruned Horde's racials, yet enhanced the human one, the side effect became a HUGE advantage. So, I disagree if someone says you can do just as well as Horde, it really is that bad. But it is definitely compounded and made worse since the situation is so bad for Horde that there was a mass exodus to the Ally that even if Horde could've at least had a fighting chance, that has all been lost as a massive percent of the pvp veterans and enthusiasts have left. This is coming from a hardcore pvp 10 yr veteran who has led a pvp guild for 6.5 yrs. Just my opinion.
As a piano player myself, I have been drawn to you as an artist since I first learned of you like 9 or so years ago. I love what you bring to the world, and the obvious passion you have. My wife and I's favorite new song of the last year is by far "All of Me." My question for you is when did you know you wanted to dedicate your life's career to being a musician and an artist? I still play everyday, but I pursued a profession in the sciences and was essentially steered away from the world of music as more than anything but a hobby...
And, it does wonders for word-of-mouth advertising...
Let's get Holinka's official quote from an interview that is only 2 months old: "People look at the human racial and call that an issue but ignore the benefits on other races. Ultimately could we do a better job at balancing racials? Yes, and we'll look at it going into next expansion." In other words... No, they are not going to fix anything this expansion, thus WoD will be a total loss for PVP. If you are a PVP'r you may as well unsub and see how things turn out next expansion.
