I worked in one of the McDonald's that was an original test market for the pizzas. We did full size pizza's too. They didn't sell well at all but everyone who worked there loved them. The country ham from breakfast made for one hell of a good pizza topping for my lunch. They also had roast beef sandwiches that were amazing.
Yep. He will end up being the voice in Rey's ear in the next two films. And at some point Luke will get to see him with Obi, Yoda, and Anakin in all his ghostly splendor. And probably will see him say goodbye to Chewie at some point.
Back in college I hung out with a bunch of guys on the college soccer team. One of the guys always said his dad knew the first President Bush. Supposedly managed the communication guys. I and everyone that played on that team figured he was full of shit. Well Bush came to town on a campaign trip and the kid's dad was able to get the whole soccer team to the airport to get a picture with the President. Pretty cool.
Used to do this in High School and College quite a bit. We called it big foot hunting. Stopped after one drunken idiot decided to poor a milk jug full of gasoline in the lake we camped by. And of course a second drunkard threw a burning branch on it to see what would happen. Gasoline floats so ended up with a Lake of Fire. Still can't believe we survived that idiocy.
I found someones iPhone a few years back. Figured out the carrier was AT&amp;T and took it to one of their stores. They should be able to figure out from the phone who it belongs to. Evidently people don't do this as they had no idea what to do with the phone. It was as if I had brought them a rotten fish. Eventually talked to the store manager who seemed to have an idea what to do. Odd experience.
Wire transfers can be somewhat expensive ($15+) to initiate and you probably don't have the persons ABA and DDA with only their CC and Debit cards. Would need that info to do a wire transfer.
Yeah, this would have been an i-Phone that we pre-siri. Also the battery was dead and I didn't have a charging cable handy so couldn't do anything with it.
I had already popped it out and handed it to them with the phone. The phones battery was dead so had to pull the sim to see who the carrier was.
I just bought and brought home my first bike today...knew I would see something on Reddit tonight that makes me second guess the purchase :)
Out of curiosity, what college did you go to? I went to a pretty good engineering school and got out with about $30,000 in debt. Also what ballpark is your salary? What engineering discipline? What region of the country? If you want to climb the salary ladder quickly you will probably need to look at jumping jobs after a few years. Companies don't have a lot of incentive to give employees decent raises, so you will be lucky to keep up with inflation staying at the same place. Depending on the discipline you might want to look into consulting at that point. Consulting has the advantage of generally paying by the hour which gives you the opportunity for overtime. Good luck.
No clue on the Mechanical side. Know one mechanical engineer but he works for Olympus back in Japan :) You might be able to check glassdoor to figure out the likely salaries in your area (spatial and discipline).
Seems like the Philosophy faculty should be ideally suited to making a winning argument on why the Dept. should not be shut down. And just because Philosophy is a valuable degree doesn't mean that every university should offer it. Simply supply and demand. If there aren't enough students to pay for the department then cut it. The other schools that keep it should see an increase in students. Eventually it should hit equilibrium and you end up with just enough schools to cover the students who want to study it. Not all Universities offer engineering programs, dental programs, animal husbandry, etc... Wh should they all have Philosophy.
Yep, heard him say that in person. He doesn't feel he owes the fans shit with respect to unwritten books. Something about having it in his will that no one would be allowed to finish it for him. This was right as the first season was filming for the TV series and he mentioned that the deal with HBO required him to divulge the overall plot so the TV show could end without him.
Do you mean connect or do you mean pair? Generally they prevent you from pairing while the car is moving as they fear you are driving and aren't paying attention to the road while doing the pairing. If you mean actually connecting a paired device, probably what you are seeing is that the car stopped trying to connect to the phone after a bit. So if you get in the car, start driving, and then turn on bluetooth on your phone, the car has already given up. Sometimes they will periodically check for a connection say every five minutes or so. In essence the car sends out a broadcast saying I am here and ready for you to connect to. The phone sees that broadcast and says I am paired with that guy, I should connect. If the car has given up it stops broadcasting it is there so the phone doesn't know to try and connect.
What I meant with the IT department was not a group of people to maintain the networks. I am talking about teaching people to develop software, use complex systems, etc... Many disciplines benefit from learning a bit of the IT discipline to build tools for themselves. I am sure people have built tools to help handle symbolic logic for philosophical arguments for instance. I think your fourth point is more of a personal goal for academics, not a goal for a university. I doubt very many (as a percentage) students go to college with the goal of helping to understand the world. I certainly didn't. I went wanting to learn as much as I could about the field I was interested in. Would I have been willing to pay extra to fund the school trying to understand the world? Nope, school was too expensive already. Once again, it just isn't practical for every university to do everything. If universities had infinite resources then sure. But resources are finite. I would expect philosophers to be able to help allocate those resources appropriately, but there is a bit of a conflict of interest in them emphasizing allocations to their own discipline :)
Yeah, I don't think our views are that different really. It is merely a matter of all verse many really. One last question though. If the Philosophy department is so useful for the other departments wouldn't the deans of those departments be their staunchest supporters? Would they not be willing to share their budgets to subsidize the Philosophy program? Or are you thinking it is one of those things they won't miss till it is gone?
Really like Longmire, but hated the first Netflix season. The writing just didn't feel as strong.
I have seen cancelled checks that look like that. I suspect someone ran the bill through whatever machine they used to use to cancel checks. Just a guess.
Infinite Jest was the first to come to mind, though it wasn't a book I really enjoyed reading. I read a lot and have a fairly large vocabulary. That book had me looking up more words in a dictionary than pretty much all the books I have read in the last 2 decades combined. I think the author randomly chose words in a dictionary and just wrote around them. That book is dense. As for your classics list, I have read 1984, Of Mice and Men (assume that is what you meant), Brave New World, Slaugtherhouse V, The Illiad, The Odyssey, and One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest. All of those were good. I think Cuckoo's Nest, 1984, and Slaughterhouse V were my favorites of that list. As for your vocabulary builders, Inherent Vice and Infinite Jest both fit the bill. Inherent Vice was a good read, Infinite Jest was more like a painful chore that it felt good to complete.
Wasn't as much of a slog as Anathem (though I liked Anathem a lot more). It was interesting, just jumped around a bit. And for me the ending came a bit abrupt and was a bit unsatisfying. Hard to explain without giving spoilers but there was a lot left unknown.
Empire by Orson Scott Card took a really hard turn very early in the book that was very disconcerting. Pretty good book though.
Nah, Ghost is going to crush his skull. Way too much foreshadowing with Ramsay feeding people to the dogs.
I don't regret going skydiving. I do regret not knowing that a jock strap might be important. When the chute opens and most of you decelerates from a few hundred miles an hour to 15 miles an hour in about 20 feet you become quickly aware of the bits that are...dangling shall we say. I am not too proud to admit anonymously that I screamed like a little girl when my junk objected to the sudden stop. TL;DR; Wear a jock strap if you are male and go sky diving.
Went to college in Louisville and the dorm I lived in wouldn't let students bring in booze the days before the Kentucky derby. Searched all bags on way in. We used this kids method to get it all in through my fifth floor window. Kid is ready for college!
Nice, the process in reverse :)
Similar rule was in place. However they could refuse you entry to the dorm for any reason. So either you let them search it or you don't go in.
Since you know the dorm you will appreciate this. I had a roommate my freshman year in that dorm who was kind of a strange guy. He liked to climb out the window and sit on the ledge. I was studying one day when he climbed out. About five minutes later there is a knock on the door. I open the door and there is my roommate. He climbed from our window to the neighbor's window somehow, managed to open it, and climb in. He then knocked on the door as if nothing strange had occurred. To help you picture the feat, we were one of the rooms at the end of the hall and the neighbor's room was the adjacent room at the end of the other hall. All on the fifth floor.
Early 90s. Have a ton of stories from that dorm. Here is another one. Two guys who lived elsewhere used to hang out on our floor getting drunk a lot. They had the habit of pulling the fire alarm when they left for the evening. Happened a dozen times if it happened once. Well, one night one of the guys was completely hammered when someone else pulled the fire alarm. I am following him down the steps and out the dorm. He passed out mid stride down those concrete steps and face planted into one of the landings. This got a round of applause from all the people around as everyone knew he was the one that normally pulled the alarms. I thought the dude was dead, but he kind of woke up, shook it off and continued down the stairs oblivious to the blood gushing from his nose.
Hitting on someone they work with.
I am two decades removed but they did whatever the hell they wanted back then.
And the orientation of the receiver.
Highlander 2; Eye of the Beholder
You carry a gas mask in a BoB every where you go and that doesn't sound crazy? :) I understand it doesn't sound crazy to you, but a lot of us it does.
Like I said, I understand this sounds normal and reasonable to you. Just not something a majority of people do. Not criticizing, just saying. I would say it sounds a lot like what I take to Burning Man though so we are not so very far apart :)
No idea, but assuming you mean Las Vegas you might want to edit the title :)
Think of something you love, something you think allows you to keep your family safe, something that you use as part of an activity you have done since you were a child (hunting) and suddenly it is now illegal for you to own it. That is what people are afraid of. I have never owned a gun in my life and probably will never own one. But I do understand why people would be afraid they will be taken from them.
Had to look it up. The batter can switch after each pitch. The pitcher must stick with whatever arm he uses for the first pitch to a batter until that batter is retired. I think there is an exception if he injures that arm and has to switch during an at bat, but then the pitcher has to stick with whichever hand he switched to. Seems a little unfair to the pitcher.
I am one of the old guys that just doesn't get it. I can remember when I was a kid not having quarters and watching others play video games enviously. Twitch just seems like the modern day version of that and the idea makes me a bit sad.
That actually sounds like a plus. I didn't really want an Xbox One because it included Kinect. Might consider the Xbox One S if it doesn't have it.
Don't think you had a choice when it first came out. Sounds like you do now.
I am not that old 😀. I played mmorpgs for well over a decade (Asheron's Call, Asheron's Call 2, Dark Ages of Camelot, Earth and Beyond, Star Wars Galaxies, Pirates of the Burning Sea, and of course WOW). I get the online social aspect. I just don't understand being an observer rather than a participant.
I am from America so your comments are not silly. And believe me the absurdity of our military actions causes me just as much amusement as this Canadian incident did. No insult to Canada was meant. I think the reason I found it so amusing is how differently I imagined the US handling a similar situation. I picture a fully armed contingent of Navy Seals taking the ship with extreme force within hours of any such demands. Not that I think that is good but it is pretty much how we do things.
I really like to think Douglass took his towel with him. Would be very sad to think he entered whatever is next without it.
He should probably take care of the $1500 in collections and the $1700 for the attorney before the credit cards. He doesn't mention how much he is spending on gas, entertainment, etc... The $360 car payment and $120 insurance seems a bit high with that salary but even if he could half that by getting a cheaper/cheaper to insure car it wouldn't make a huge difference.
Overall crime rates are not an accurate measure of what it was aiming to stop. It was intended to reduce the likely hood of shit like Orlando. You can extend to absurdity the right to bare arms to private ownership of nukes, and no one would really argue for that. The question is where you draw the line between reasonable for private ownership. I would say below the threshold of an AR15 but that is just my opinion.
Don't have to look closer. It was clear you were referring to shooting people the first time I read it. Really didn't want to dignify that part of your statement with a response as it was pretty clearly trolling :)
So pictures of their husbands are out too...
Some truth to that but you also have to figure in all the arms/armament/food/etc... That was coming from the US as well as it's intelligence assets. Saw a saying at one point that went along the lines of The English gave x, the US gave y, and the Russians gave blood. Wish I could remember the phrase or at least what x and y were 😀
No joke, I had a girl grab my junk one time and I didn't get the hint. I thought she was just joking around. I would say I got older and wiser but I am still pretty damn clueless.
Yeah, I would have thought so too till it happened to me. It has never happened again.
