Does that spikey gelled hair of the late 90's- early 00's count? I did that in late elementry to early middle school. And I had a few pairs of baggy cargo pants too.
Really? I'm New Jersey but have been living in the Tampa Bay Area for the last 10 years. Before this season 90% of people I knew claimed to hate hockey or say its a Canadian sport and thought I was strange for liking Hockey over basketball or not following college football. (Which I swear is bigger than the NFL here). Now everyone is a bolts fan in the area. In away though its a good thing, hopeful the hockey playing population grows and maybe we will get an Ice Rink that's actually in Tampa. (I believe they are building one just north of Tampa).
Dade City too. Plenty of Confederate Flags everywhere. It was a culture shock first time I went there.
/u/mlennox is that picture behind your back pack in picture 4 this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seC63AEk4-8
I want to fly one day just like your Grandfather! Do you know what aircraft that is? Its hard to tell by simply the exterior of the cockpit. I'm going to guess F-8.
I'm not even a big NFL fan I watch a Giants game when I get one and that's it. Playing football is fun but I honestly always thought watching it was kind of slow. I'm weird, prefer Baseball and Hockey, always have. A lot of people down here tell me baseball is boring. In the Northeast, Baseball is actually bigger than Football. I guess I could be hanging out with the wrong crowds. Everyone I know who likes or plays hockey in the area is from out of state like me. I'm glad hockey is growing in Florida not sure if it will ever reach the level of popularity in the Northeast or Great Lakes states but its growing.
I know I have this card laying around somewhere http://s19.photobucket.com/user/spyboy1/media/TSG%20Blog/Lindrosfuturesuperstarcard.jpg.html
NOT true... This guy owns a giant panda https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFDUOfRXP_k
"Did ya here, DiMaggio hit a home run last night?" "Yeah, I listened to it last night, right before I climbed into bed with the old lady."
Curious what high schools in the area have hockey teams? I graduated in 2010 and I didn't know any did. I knew at Brandon they had high school age hockey but don't remember any official high school teams. The Tampa Bay Skating Academy only seems to list High School Age hockey on its website but not a mention of official high school hockey either. Tampa is growing but I personally going to head out west somewhere after college and the military. Owning landing and housing are way way way to expensive in the area. Not as bad as New Jersey but still expensive. Edit: Looks like there are some official high school hockey teams in Tampa. I lived just outside of Tampa and my High School and most of the ones in my area don't have hockey teams.
It looks like a marble.
&gt; 2nd lieutenant Charles "Chester" Horowitz Hey! I googled that above name, the only thing that came up was this read thread. You made that story up!
I think that guy made that story up. If you google 2nd lieutenant Charles "Chester" Horowitz. THe only thing that comes up is this Reddit Thread.
yeah I found that FHSHA page when I googled it earlier. My high schools and none of the high schools in my area just outside of Tampa had hockey none of them are listed. As for the missing school Tampa itself, I'm not surprised that Hillsborough high school isn't listed. That school is ghetto is hell. Yeah I have some family do to the military moved out west and stayed after they got out. Low cost of living yet similar or better salaries that back east, cheap land and less traffic. I have family in Idaho, Montana, North Dakota and Michigan. Each one of them loves their new state more than Jersey, New York or Florida.
The only difference for me personally, the first three are all Pro Mod drag racing instead of NASCAR. The sitting in traffic one is the one that hits home the closest.
Made the state and local Park Rangers are more conservative like police while the federal ones are more liberal.
I guess the ones I'm thinking of and the one I know is basically a cop for a park. Carries a gun, taser, baton, etc. Curious, why did the one shoot pepper spray and burn children?
No the upper middle class liberal stereotype I was referring to are private pilots, once who don't fly for a living. Usually the ones at the local air field are very Liberal. I think its because most of them are lawyers.
Damn that sucks. That sounds crazy, I feel bad for the kids. THe ones around here
Careful man, there's a brand new suit here...
Goldeneye and Lord the Rings did this (though in Lord of the Rings he wasn't pure evil, just corrupted by the ring and still fought hard to save the hobbits to his death). National Treasure its been awhile but didn't we know he was the villian in the beginning of the movie?
LOL I'm not super old (only in my early 20s) but I remember in the late 90's- early 2000s all the Yankees fans were Rangers and all of the Mets fans were Islanders fans in New York and Devils fans in Jersey. I guess its changed a lot since I've been in Florida the last 10 years. Your not a Jets fan to are you? PS I kind of like Mets, I would like them more but the 2000 World Series kind of killed that.
To loosely quote the movie Midway "Ram it home Hawks! Ram it home!"
When it comes to studying and perfecting the "art of bank robbery" I got to know, how many times did you watch heat? Also do you still feel guilty about it a few years later?
Oh Yeah well Yo Mama is so fat that after I got done I having sex with her, I rolled over twice and I was still on top of her.
It's cool to see that Norman is a Triumph man in real life!
I can honestly say that your Dad taught you correctly!
Alright boys 1 nothing, get some insurance goals!
Military?
Oh wow! When my cousin was the Army he would watch Rangers games on his Laptop when he was stationed in Korea.
It doesn't say. Which is what confuses me too. It simply says find the simple interest and gives me those 3 numbers plus the answers I listed it. I tried google this before and most forums gave the same thing you did or the question has more context.
ok so I simplifyed 2(3w+2) + 2w= 132 6w+4+2w=132 then 8w+4=132 then 8w=128 w=16 is that correct? Then how would I solve for L?
It was so weird voting for the All Star game and not seeing his name under Short Stop... I voted for Reyes but it just didn't feel right. I even almost voted for Bogaerts...
so then I did 3w+2=132 3w=132 w=43.33 Is this correct? So W is 16 and L is 43.33?
So when solving for the L you don't use the 132 if you know the Width? What confuses me the most is knowing what numbers you are the suppose to use during what time.
Thanks!
I'm confused what you are trying to say by curve? Is the curve simply the line itself?
THank you.
Thank you
Why did he pick 20/20? and not just divide 61 by 5 then multiply y 100?
Why would Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid meet with Wyatt Earp?
Marcus Luttrell for one, Matt Best, R. Lee Ermey, other than not I'm not sure.
Clint Eastwood... He learned to shoot at 7/11
IT'S HIS HAT MR. KRABS!
that makes sense! But what about Morgan? Was he wished back by the Dragon Balls?
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/55/59/b1/5559b1c582de54e4d43f68bdf7de63b9.jpg
I love all of the Aviation photos. Especially the ones of the F-86 and the F-80s.
Maybe http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--auHeEneR--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/kd4gtdmhsr0v5t7inkdj.jpg But I still think he looks pretty close to this Buddy Holly picture http://s3.amazonaws.com/electric-lit-assets/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/buddy-holly-glasses.jpg
I always thought Joker And The Thief sounded more like a 70's hard rock song. But that's just me.
A+S=246 so A+2A=246? Then I solve 3a=246 so A= 82 So S= 2(82) S= 164 164+ 82= 246.
