If you want kids to stay away from something, don't tell them that moms disapprove. When I was a kid, the fact that my mom didn't want me to watch The Simpsons just made me want to watch it even more.
Aw man I'd love either Marth or Robin. I've been close to getting each one with no success :(
Louisiana scores lower on most of those statistics though.
How dare they take children to a theme park run by the world's largest purveyor of children's media?
Most stores stocked Wario at strangely low levels for a Mario character.
Wait, you need to sign up for it? I thought they were just going to distribute it through Windows Update.
Download a new OS disc image from Macintosh garden and reinstall.
Wow whoever you traded with got screwed.
It's not a touch screen, but I love the design of those old easel displays. If I were you I would still try to buy it :p
Wow that sucks. But hey, at least it's still a marginally better investment that setting a stack of bills on fire.
Wow I can relate to that. It's funny, I can now afford to have the top model for most every tech category, and yet I still get excited when I find a deal for a good condition 15 year old Mac on Craigslist.
1997 would have been 100 years since Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee, so the mug could have been commemorating that one. (I had to look it up, Victoria and Elizabeth II are the only monarchs to have celebrated a Diamond Jubilee) But those companies that make the "collectible keepsakes" that usually end up in discount shops do get pretty desperate for events to make commemorative objects for.
Yep, [Just like one of the previous attempts at building a libertarian paradise](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minerva_Reefs#Republic_of_Minerva), they'll be invaded once they actually start to build a settlement (and no, a hippy camp that isn't even in the disputed territory doesn't count). If they keep trying to build there, one of the countries will do more than just block access with police to keep them out.
&gt; He must have thick fucking skin If I was making the kind of money he is, I wouldn't care what people say about me either.
One of the things I hate about where I work is that everyone is either too old or too young to have kids in Girl Scouts. I just want to buy some cookies damn it!
A lot of the IC2 metals are alloys, though it also adds copper.
For some reason, the post reminded me of that movie "Being John Malkovich", and I'm hoping that's what you're referencing.
Yeah I guess you're right, I didn't think about it like that.
Macs are the preferred computer for a lot of programmers and other IT people.
Well, have fun listening to a guy sing like he just had his tongue removed.
Every popular kids show has porn though. I've seen Scooby Doo porn on 4chan. If you get rid of MLP porn, there will just be something else. The Internet isn't a safe place, and this is why kids need supervision when they use it.
I hate that attitude. I worked as a stagehand in college and had a lot of fun. It was hard work, but it's more fun helping to set lights and stage equipment than making food at some fast food place. There would always be those who want to just stand around and not get their hands dirty because they just want to see a free show.
I hope that's an easily removable tape like gaff tape and not duct tape, otherwise you'll never get all the residue off.
I didn't say they're necessarily better, I said they're preferred. A lot of programmers prefer Unix, and OS X is the most well supported Unix OS out there.
There is a chain of salvage stores in my area that sells the trash items. Basically, that TV or shirt that Walmart was going to throw away gets sold to this chain. The store marks it in such a way that you know it was salvage - for clothing, this means black marker over the label, for other goods it's usually over the original bar code or something. It can be a great way to get a deal if you're willing to dig through stuff, when they get new stock they just throw it on the shelves. It's how I got a National Geographic world atlas for $10, and a 19" PC monitor for $40, among other things.
I don't understand why people are so adamant on defending this guy. I would think people would be against child molestation no matter who did it.
I like it, so far I've played Skyrim, Star Wars The Old Republic, FF 14, and a few other games on it and it's handled them pretty well. I didn't get the base model though, I got the one with the i5. It's also a good little Windows PC if you add a keyboard and mouse (it only comes with the Xbox controller). The Netflix Metro app is pretty nice, as are all the tablet style apps. Basically the same things you do to make the app finger friendly also make it easier to use from ten feet away. On the desktop I also changed some of the accessibility options to make things more readable from the couch. I made the system fonts a bit larger, and used the option to increase the size of the task bar and windows, again to make it usable from ten feet away. All in all, it's a pretty nice machine and I highly recommend it. It has a lot of power for its small size, and is still quieter than my Xbox 360.
I had to look her up on Wikipedia because I had never heard of her before. I don't know much about that situation, but if she molested her sister than she deserves the same amount of public shame.
The bases in the Keys are probably better situated to prevent a blockade of the gulf coast. Gitmo is on the southeast side of Cuba, but it's the northwestern side that borders the gulf. The Florida Keys have always been strategically important for defending the gulf, and the US military has operated bases there since before southern Florida was habitable.
Yeah, I'm sure no one in the audience at the World Wide Developer Conference cared about changes to developer account.
Yeah but at those extreme levels of wealth, money is more like the score in a Mario game than a real tangible thing. Those guys probably only have a few hundred thousand dollars in cash, the vast majority of their worth is in investments of varying levels of liquidity and real estate. If you take $1 billion from someone worth $10 billion, chances are they aren't going to notice it until Forbes publishes the rich guy high score list.
Dropbox is also disadvantaged compared to Apple, Google, and Microsoft in that it's not built in to any OS. You have to choose to install Dropbox over preinstalled alternatives, so they have to be more compelling. Price is the simplest way to do that.
Most average users are going to use the service that came with their device. Average people know that Apple and Google's services exist because the device asks you to make an account when you set it up. As far as I know, no phone or other device out there prompts you to make a Dropbox account. I'm not saying Dropbox is an inferior service, I'm saying that average people are less likely to know it exists, so Dropbox needs to work harder than the others. If Dropbox were built in to some popular OS, I'm sure it wouldn't be as cheap.
What does "Dinar" mean though? It's the only thing the picture don't explain.
Wow, all of the top GPU chips on one board!
Apple insists that having the apps open in the background doesn't harm performance at all. If they made a "close all apps" button, they would be going back on that. Apple hates admitting it was wrong.
Amazon never charges until they ship.
It looks more like alcoholism.
I haven't had issues with Best Buy with orders for even the more rare Amiibo, I'm sure this will be fine too.
The British version of his show is way better than the American version. It doesn't have that stupid drama music, and feels more like a documentary since he's narrating, rather than the smug idiot who narrates the American version. All of those little touches make it feel like he's actually trying to help the people run a better business, rather than just making a TV show.
Yeah, I agree. I mean, I'm all for being inclusive whenever possible, but only when it makes sense. Maybe they have homosexual relationships once you get into the wasteland? You're right that in the prewar fallout world, it would be as frowned upon as in the 50s. But I could see people loosening up given the whole end of the world thing.
Having a cylon next to the UFP seal just seems wrong though.
Exactly. On that human development index map, I live in one of the dark green counties, which is surrounded by yellow counties. This county is just as religious as it's neighbors, a while back our public school district actually got sued by the ACLU for pushing religion. The reason it's dark green is because the per capita and median income are both at least $10,000 higher than it's neighbors. Those Jesus pushing public schools get modern computers and textbooks, better teachers, and smaller class sizes. The students at those schools are more likely to have parents who are home enough to push and encourage them to perform as well as they can. Their parents are more likely to have gone to college, and more likely to have professional careers. They are more likely to encourage their kids into a career track, and can afford to give them assistance if they what to go to college if they want (and they are more likely to want to). Religion isn't a hindrance to prosperity or health. Religious people want quality schools, they want to raise their children to live happy, healthy lives. Poverty is what prevents those things. Poverty is also not caused by religion. Most of the wealthiest parts of the country are as religious as everyone else. Poverty is it's own vicious cycle. Every cause for poverty is also an effect. Bad education leads to less skilled labor, who get paid less. Because they're paid less, they can't afford to pay as much in taxes. Because the local government doesn't get enough in tax revenue, they can't afford to fund schools as adequately as they should. Poverty isn't fixed by getting rid of Jesus, it's much more complex than that. To fix poverty we must first rid ourselves of senses of entitlement and greed and build a society where people's basic needs are considered a human right. If you ask me, that's a much nobler cause than ridding the world of religion.
Is that really what Sony calls their smart watch? That's really shitty branding. They probably can't even trademark that.
Microsoft actually does make Mac software for a lot of their products. I know there is a Mac version of Intellipoont, Microsofts mouse software. You should be able to expect at least basic functionality from the standard USB HID drivers though.
Well some parts of Canada are always cold...
&gt;with the exception of the Scott's Tots trainwreck I love the trainwreck episodes though. My favorite episode of the show is probably Dinner Party. It's so gloriously awkward, and almost all of the humor comes from the characters reacting to Michael and Jan's ridiculously dysfunctional relationship. Scott's Tots is a runner up for the same reasons. This is the same type of humor that made the British version a success, and I think the reason why a lot of fans of the UK one don't like the U.S. version.
What, Tim Hortons didn't give that away?
I realize what sub this is, but the Nazis actually did make plans for the future German state which are quite interesting to read about. For starters, [here's what the Nazi's envisioned as German territory after the war](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greater_Germanic_Reich). The Nazis decided that they were to build the successor to the Holy Roman Empire, and so they would expand Germany's borders to include all areas with populations of ethnic Germans. As such, this great empire would need a great capital, so after the war, Berlin was to be rebuilt as a modern Rome. Albert Speer, the Nazi Party's chief architect, was to basically redesign the whole city. [The Nazi party actually had it's own architectural style](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazi_architecture), sort of a combination between modernism and neoclassicism. Of course, none of this redeems the horrible things the Nazi regime stood for, but I do think it's fascinating to read about. The Nazis really "perfected" the fascist state, in addition to the governmental order they planned, they also spent a considerable amount of time planning the cultural legacy of the Third Reich. All of this was part of the propaganda, designed to create a culture which people would want to be a part of. And it worked, Hitler and the Nazis remained relatively popular with German people even toward the end days of the war. People never questioned the camps and failing war effort because of the well crafted propaganda machine reminding them that all of this was for the betterment of all ethnic Germans. This stuff is something everyone should know about, because it's scary how close they were to succeeding creating a true socially and culturally engineered fascist state.
I know that, but outside Canada it's just a regular fast food place. But in Canada, it's bigger than McDonalds. Probably the closest analogue is that Canadians love Tim Hortons like Californians love In-N-Out Burger.
