Their actions show a disregard for human lives, and are entirely self-interested, it's pretty psychopathic.
Well, I think it depends on how much technology is going to change the face of society, and what happens until then. But honestly, print as we know it now is probably going to be a largely vanished medium.
Looks like Chris Evans and Donald Glover.
When you buy debt you don't have any control over that country, you're basically making an investment for yourself. Buying debt is an investment, it basically says, "This country has a good economy and I know they will pay me back". It's when no one wants to invest in your debt that you know things are bad. So people that freak out about China owning US debt don't understand why China is buying. China isn't buying US debt to hurt us, if the US economy tanked China would lose a lot of money and it would be bad for China. Countries owning one another's debt means there is some incentive there for them to make sure both parties are healthy economically so the country who got the loan can pay it back. Also, you can't really just get out of an economic catastrophe by printing more money, i'm kind of being simple with the explanation, but the more money I print the less each dollar is worth, so if I printed 10 billion dollars to fix some debt budget hole, the dollars would be worth less and not be able to fill the hole, so I would be caught in a loop of printing more and more money and being unable to pay everything off.
Usually it is just internal guidelines, and how it makes you feel while watching it. Certain kind of shots are just jarring or make people feel uncomfortable, kind of like why jump-cuts aren't popular, and sometimes it is also just stuff that doesn't make the actor look that flattering. Usually things that are jarring are only done to make a point because they are usually very memorable.
Movies =/= Network television. Also, i'm not saying these suggestions and style guidelines are never broken, just that for most subjects they are inappropriate and avoided for their jarring qualities.
Well most human beings value human lives, but the question is how effective is our aid REALLY? It's not that we shouldn't give aid, it's that a lot of western aid destroys local businesses and makes the economy worse in the country we're dumping our unwanted corn feed and 2nd hand clothing on, all while hurting farmers and the clothing industries in those countries, and doing NOTHING to fix the root causes. We love temporary band-aids that make us feel like heroes. The better things we can do are international debt forgiveness, micro-loans and grants to people building businesses and infrastructure in those countries.
Right I agree, throwing money and supplies that aren't needed at problems don't help people.
The Cloning facilities were disabled during the Clone Wars, by the time of the OT the Empire had started conscripting people and opened academies, the Clone Troopers were almost all gone by then. By this time of the First Order, they has lost most of the Imperial academies, and have taken to pirate raids where they kidnap and brainwash children to fill out their ranks.
Do you just think every writer is identical? Do you think everyone writes identical to 2005 George Lucas? Larry Kasdan has a certain kind of cadance to his writing, read the script to ESB, read the leaked script for TFA. This sounds like no example of his writing that has ever existed. Also at least GL's scripta looked and felt like scripts regardless of the wooden dialogue. It isn't just that the dialogue is weak, it's that this reads like no Star Wars script ever made, and specifically that it sounds like a first semester filmmaking student and not like someone who has been writing screenplays for the last 40 years.
It is not standard for the screenwriter to get 50% of the gross profits in any universe. Even in the 1 in a million case where the suit isn't filed by a crazy person all they get is a small sum and credit, e.g. just like Harlan Ellisom and Terminator, he didn't end up making 50% of the fucking profits, he got a settlement and credit.
Because that is a pulled pork melt not a grilled cheese.
Where do you live where people harass you?
Satan was an angel. Reminds me of the story of Satan offering Christ dominion over the world.
Complete just a page a day and that is roughly three features a year, give or take a few weeks for brainstorming/outlining.
I have heard from a few people who have worked as crew on the show that she is... rough to work with. Like, "Don't look me in the eye or you're fired", kind of rough. She is apparently a beast on set and there have been a lot of really bad stories passed around about her.
I think that is a big part of it, a "don't stare at me, do your fucking job and stop acting like it's a big deal being here", is pretty common in the industry, if you get ga-ga over celebrities or anything it's the wrong place for you to be, so it can be seen as disrespectful and unprofessional if you're gawking at people.
Actually they explain this in the Wachowski approved canon MMO, you find documents during a mission that show that Anderson was an experimental unite that had wireless hook-ups in his physical body, the machines were testing Matrix WiFi to potentially make humans who could be shut down and re-Matrixed wirelessly, thus making future Zion invasions easier/cleaner/less-costly. The Oracle knew about the program, and positioned it so Anderson would be "The One", knowing that his wireless hook-ups could be harnessed to allow him to effect machines outside of the Matrix and thus break the cycle of Zion being destroyed over and over.
He actually had special hook-ups, it's the reason the Oracle chose him because she knew he would be able to use the hardware to stop the machines IRL, they explain it in the MMO which was canon approved by the Wachowskis.
Vincent looks in the case, the entire point of contention between him and Jules and what they spend most of the film discussing is Vincent's skepticism vs. Jules spiritual awakening; why would he flat out reject the concept of God, miracles, and the supernatural after having personally witnessed a soul?
That the briefcase in Pulp Fiction contains Marsellus Wallace's soul. The entire point of the briefcase storyline is that Jules is going to escape the cycle of violence that eventually destroys all criminals because of his spiritual awakening, Vincent refuses to acknowledge the miracle and continues down the path of evil. If Vincent personally witnessed a soul contained in a briefcase, why in the hell would he spend the rest of the film arguing with Jules about miracles and god?
I HIGHLY recommend the film "Funny Bones" if you like him, he is BRILLIANT in it, and it's another great-late role for Jerry Lewis. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EE1wCo3N6As
Well I don't know if it's "religious", but it's right in the dialogue, Jules argues that Vincent needs to recognize a miracle happened and Vincent refuses claiming that life is just coincidences. Not to mention their entire discussion at the end, Jules wants to travel the earth seeking spiritual purity, and Vincent says that he is just going to be a worthless bum. I think you can't analyze the case storyline without dealing with the fact that it has a spiritual aspect to it.
If you ever find yourself in Tennessee dinner is on me!
I never said that the film was CHRISTIAN, I merely said that SPIRITUALITY and recognizing miracles is a central theme of the Jules/Vincent storyline, all religious themes does not mean a "Christian"-theme. Jules recognizes that there is more to life than the violence he exists in and leaves it. Vincent refuses to recognize that and is destroyed by it.
Why do you have little faith in John Goodman?
I am seeing a lot of parallels to the comic "Irredeemable", which would probably also be impossible to get made conventionally.
The good thing about that money is that the government makes new money in tax revenue every year to do new stuff with.
China is the minority of debt holders, and holding our debt does not hurt us, it's an investment in us because we pay back our debts. That isn't the issue.
The government provides services, we pay a membership fee for the services they provide, they pull in new revenue every year from those membership fees.
That isn't a bad thing though, we're paying off the debt, we don't default on it, our securities are good, it's why people invest in us. And we do have money, we sell securities for money we'll pay off for money we can flip around and invest now. It's one of the ways we keep the economy growing as fast as it does.
Fingers and toes crossed.
We pay off the securities as they mature, while getting more credit for new programs which we then turn around and pay off when they mature.
They are 1500 light years away, if it is aliens and they are just now building a sphere, that means that probably stopped using tradition radio decades or centuries ago.
Yea. Contact Amazon and tell them you accidentally got the wrong book.
Tell them "I bought this here a few weeks ago as a present for my Cousins birthday, but after the party I realized it was the wrong set, but I had already tossed the receipt, here is the card I bought it with." They won't be able to find it on the card if they even ask, and will ask if a gift card to Walmart is fine.
Buy a shirt, tell them you're going to look at one last thing before you leave, get something more expensive, pop off the security stuff and take it to the front, on the way to the front toss it in your bag. You just go ahead and toss it in the bag if there is no one back in the section you're looking at.
Because they didn't want it rotting on the surface of the ground with flies and coyotes snooping around to feast on a rotting corpse which makes everything smell like death?
But offering the card adds that little extra plausibility even if they don't run it. If they do run it just act confused if it doesn't show up and they always give a gift card.
With Ebooks, not if you do it within 15 minutes.
That's what the bag is for.
This is a thread about how to do illegal and unethical things. No of course don't take advantage of people and lie and abuse customer service people.
Oh man! The castle the kid buys in "Blank Check" is in Texas. It's like destiny.
What would be the motivation for the future Omni Bank that controls all wealth to punish an external economy that can offer it no more wealth?
If 10 people own all of the wealth, then they've won, they have all of the money. What would they have to gain from attacking a parallel economy that can't offer them anything?
Right, in the scenario they've already won, what do they have to gain from attacking a parallel economy with nothing to offer them?
I think there is a big difference between being a stupid kid and using a few drugs and being a destroyed person.
Right but once again, in this future scenario they have already won, they have all of the money, why try to attack an external economy that can offer nothing to them and never threaten them.
You would if the Ants created an entomologist.
He said they look like Batman, either he means they look like Batman out of the costume, or he's referencing the fact that they are wearing martial arts armor?
