At some point with the level of product placement we have been seeing... its 24/7
We still could have a Stanis battle...
You mean a timer that tells me I have to go x amount faster! Glorious idea!!
I have just mapped the yellows in my head on my route home. there are the turn outs for the turn lanes and they have these long solid white lines. Generally my rule of thumb is that if I am next to that line I can make the yellow since that is what the road designers decided was enough room to move out of traffic and safely stop for a light. Now sometimes you will get the stupid long turn lanes for lights that are high traffic but the majority of the time this works for me.
If done right this can cut congestion, if done poorly it causes it. If you are at a 4 way stop and 2 cars are traveling in opposing directions and can clear the intersection during the same period of time this allows twice the traffic flow.
Normal day.
Prices fall, company cuts budgets because you can never show a loss, building falls into disrepair, no one rents anymore, goes bankrupt, all housing lost.
IMHO, a soldier is whatever, a veteran is a hero. Once you have made the decision to put you're life on the line to fight as my proxy I owe you a debt I cannot repay. I don't care if you are as the person below a cook or in front line infantry, you have put yourself in harms way for me and our country.
Honestly, the only thing that could make a crypto currency worth anything is some sort of tracking and accountability system. Yeah anonymity is great for drugs and hookers but for a stable system that can be trusted it needs a paper trail, especially on the internet. I don't have the money to risk some new hack that takes all of my bitcoins.
My first seizure cat!
I can only imagine what happens when the cat stops running with that much inertia on the wheel with that little friction...
Or blow part of a babys chest off... not that anyone has tested that... oh wait...
Yay! Lets keep F1 using crap technology and nearly no suspension as we wouldn't want any real relevant tech to be designed.
What if we build a 56 rail wide slab of tracks and have bumper to bumper train cars...
That video demonstrates why open carry should be practiced more often. Every single one of those officers should be absolutely ashamed.
Yep as an atheist I know the feels. As a man with many religious family members though, those words are comfort and easily forgotten.
As an atheist I like to think of it this way. I never know someone in real time, everything is on a slight delay and my feelings for them are just memories. Memories are just electrical and chemical pulses that move between the wiring of a brain. I know when I die my electrical pathways die with me but as long as I am remembered I am still triggering neural pathways in another brain. I am imprinted on the brain of another and because of that I am as alive as I ever was but just not creating any new pathways. Death is not to be feared, to be forgotten is scary.
The only practical wheelie is a ever so slight power wheelie in first racing from a dig, past that keep 2 down on tha ground.
Plenty of new tech, they have to design shocks and springs that have much more travel than they currently do since the tire sidewall isn't much of the the suspension anymore. This means figuring out how to jam that into a very small space. Then they have wheel tech, they have to figure out the lightest and strongest way to make the wheels since larger rims are generally a little heavier. The brake tech changes also, they can have more variation in rotor design, cooling, and operating temp. It all combines into a massive change for every team and a new category of engineering competition.
And I think you have no clue what goes into suspension geometry and design and how much more dynamic the suspension will have to be if they move from the 13 inch wheel. Right now the majority of the suspension is in the tire. The move to 18s takes all of that away.
http://i.imgur.com/YwgbT16.gif
Would be bad for me... Worked out well for my wife.
From east texas, may be able to shed some light. Looked like he was throwing another bit of pipe onto the end of the drill. He first removes the piece that connects to the drive side of the drill, this is what he puts over to the right. He then latches onto a new section of drill pipe and screws it onto the end of the pipe in the ground. Now they push that pipe down and put the drive connection back on and they can drill another 10 foot or so section. (Not a roughneck, not sure of any of the terminology)
Do you want to kill the last good paying jobs for the uneducated masses... cause that's how you start the beginning of the end.
Pretty sure they fail a lot. From east Texas... brother in law is a roughneck/oil field trash, does lots of meth, lost his 3 sons... Every time he comes home he gets clean... every time he goes back to the field he gets back on the shit... Until that one time he brought some back and now I have a meth addicted sister in law.
So if we had a sailor sub ohming a flavor like a subway sandwich while listening to yellow submarine which is subliminally sublime... you would have... A sub ohm sub sailor sub ohming sub sammich while sailing subliminally into the sublime submarine songs
Clean efficient nuclear energy!
Look, at least I'm not FIFA...
That is a ridiculous article... it uses the value of your vehicle in the equation... The average adult would have their car even if they worked from home 100% of the time. Also every mile is 795 dollars a year... not 15900, the 795 dollars is just the interest on 15900 not the principal.
That's just like your opinion man... I dunno someone told me to post this here, I made this for /r/electronic_cigarettes
No, TIL that to run a business doing hair braiding you needed a license and training and a certificate saying you were licensed... But now NO MORE! *waits for someone with a bad braid to have some sort of legal issue*
Im okay with them paying for other peoples hospital visits... when they pay for mine. Single payer system or bust!
Dude... im from Texas and this seems fucked up........ Texas....
Got that backwards, multi log is you are sorta playing one then the other. Multibox is you have everything synchronized perfectly and macroed so that all of your toons are playing at 100%
http://viz.dwrl.utexas.edu/sites/viz.dwrl.utexas.edu/files/tower1_0.png This one wins.
I just did this. Unless you are willing to spend hours in the attic pulling cables hire someone. It is a massive PITA and if you mess up you can only blame yourself. I ran 1 cable and called an electrician. A few notes, always run more cables than you will need. If you think you need 2 drops for a room run 4 even if you don't patch them in. Cable is cheap. Also buy more than 1 spindle if possible. Pulling 2-4 runs at a time is easier than 1 run at a time.
O_o Raid 10 gives a 100% speed boost over a single spindle with 4 drives. So 4 SSDs would be a 2X read/write increase roughly.
9 VMs running off of it could use it depending on demand. I use 2 SSDs in a RAID 0 for the OS/games (backed up) partion on my desktop and enjoy the 1GB/s Read. a RAID 1 would also be a suitable option for redundancy.
You need a fuel filter.
We found the person who doesn't clean up after their dog...
It gets me when I go some place that isn't the grocery store. I buy a bunch of crap and they are like... oops no bags... damn you frys and your million tiny deals.
I still get my plastic bag fix in Round Rock.
You do understand that is in whole impossible right? Stock price has no effect on a company other than psychological and by influencing decisions based on the CEO/board's ownership stake. If you own X shares of a company and it still has assets... your shares are never worthless... At worst you own X percent of the assets of the company after debt. For the entire market to go bust you would have to have EVERY company listed hit 0 which means its debt is worth more than its assets.
Because humans aren't meant to be as "productive" as we are. Our productivity is killing us.
We found the person who gets angry about jokes...
Massive gyroscopic forces from the wheels probably helped a lot.
This is /meme... no one goes to /meme...
Make all the PU's cost the same. Unlimited development. All development must be passed to any customer teams immediately. Bam done. Costs are now fixed so if merc wants to throw a bill at the engine they can but they aren't going to get to anything more than a better engine.
Tires are also about the same weight as standard ones and those are the furthest from the center so have the most gyroscopic effect.
Maybe it's grouping people that donated 1000 and 500000 in the same bucket. So on one side you have 0 dollars and the other you have 1-infinite dollars.
