Context shapes text. Again, comparable scene in The Crying Game, technically far better set up, is playing the same scenario. This is actually a scene that I think is fairly well known in cis culture, the trans reveal. In light of how that's "supposed" to go, I think Boy Meets Girl is working very deliberately on the spectacle level.
As a bi trans woman ... this is not the hierarchy of bigotry that I'm used to.
How do you feel about democracy?
Responding just to the latter half if your question: I'm a trans woman and a feminist. I was a feminist pre transition too. The word describes my stance and method when it comes to thinking about and responding to structural sexism, ie patriarchy. I don't think that only women have the right to describe themselves as feminists, for that reason. However, I do sometimes wonder if I'd have been a feminist if I were born a developmentally normal male in e exact same circumstances. I hope not, for hypothetical guy me's sake, but being separated out from the girls and hearing the things young men said when they thought no women could hear, definitely shaped me., Most feminists in my social class and age group don't seem to think twice about a trans woman being a feminist. Once you accept a trans woman as a woman, accepting her as a feminist is pretty trivial.
Aren't we all just doing both as we wait for the end?
I'm a college professor who transitioned at 28. My speaking voice is just fine. Train seriously, humbly, and with good techniques and you should be able to get a voice that sounds cis.
Go to /r/transtimelines and search for MTF in your age.
I realized I'm severely codependent and started taking less shit and being less enabling. I'm way less terrified of disagreeing with my friends or doing things that will displease them when necessary, and I can talk them through rougher shit without that codependent terror that I'm threatened in myself through threats to them, which is toxic.
Clearly squats are my destiny.
&gt; drastic surgery to change how people see you It really doesn't work that way.
They can't change your genital morphology in any big way, but they can change a lot of other things.
I'm not post op, but I am deep into hormonal transition and blend in fine. The stares stopped quite some time ago. For me, transition was and is about the body. I felt really weird and dissociated in an increasingly male body on testosterone, and on estrogen I just feel like the grown woman version of my child self. My body makes way more sense; my moods make more sense; everything makes more sense than it did on testosterone.
It wouldn't have been wildly offensive, just tacky. In general, you need a high degree of friendly familiarity with a group to make jokes that are both sophisticated and funny.
Most binary trans people have very stable identities once we figure it out and sort out transitioning. I've read maybe 1-2 redditors who had different experiences, including one woman who had transitioned FtM, then back MtF 15 years later, and she said that one day she just stopped feeling male, but had genuinely been male before. Brains have done stranger things. It can obviously happen. But it's pretty rare for anyone to transition more than once if they're binary (male or female gender identity). Some non binary people find out by first transitioning binary though, and some binary people claim to be non binary as they work out their identity before accepting that they're binary trans.
Your inability to empathize isn't trans people's problem.
Yeah, that was my reaction, but I kinda wanted to know the poster's angle. Seems like some kind of evo psych-supported trp kind of thing.
Personally, the surprise is problematic for me. (Not that you've done something wrong, just that it's a symptom of a culture that doesn't see trans women as fully equal women.) Beauty culture has its own issues, but it shouldn't be so shocking that some women who are conventionally, beautiful are trans. Especially given how being beautiful is a particularly vital survival trait for many trans women. Looking conventionally attractive helps ensure that people automatically see us as women and treat us accordingly without question, and many of us put in the time and expense to be as gorgeous as we can for exactly that reason. She clearly is going for beauty. It's not wrong to recognize that she's achieved it. But I'm a bit sad that's still a shock to people.
Honestly, I have no idea. Some people managed to figure out I was on hrt as early as three months, but they knew me really well and had tagged me as possibly closeted trans 5 years before.
I thought all estradiols upped that risk and synthetic ones like ethinylestradiol just particularly so. Is this not the case?
August will work. You can usually use your name a month after final judgment, so submit the announcement right after the rather pro forma court date.
When it's used as a noun I always think how weird it is to refer to a person as "a gender".
Eh, if you can ever fully abolish the idea of man and woman that'll probably make life simpler for trans people--"I am a human being on exogenous endocrine treatments who's had genital surgery to confer functions I badly needed" sounds way more boring and way less controversial than "I am transsexual"--but trans people should be the last group that causes concern to those who want to defang oppression based on sex classes, since our existence threatens the category stability itself. If you can't expect the same people to stay assigned to the class you tried to sort them into based on biology, it's awfully hard to maintain a hierarchy of those classes. Hard to see why trans people, whose existence already has done plenty to undermine sex based oppression's core rationale, are expected to do even more (we've done our time mostly and have the scars for defying the foundational principles of society). We've done our part mostly. It's not our job to live outside the binary because it'd set a good precedent for billions of cis people.
Bedroom issues matter a lot--I honestly had no idea how good sex could be until deep into transitioning--but you will spend way more time not having sex than having it. Key question: would you rather have breasts while folding laundry?
Rehearse. "X is a woman I met while skydiving. She is mad cool. She, she, she."
What were you expecting?
Why shame micropenises? :p physical traits beyond their owner's control are a shitty thing to give people a hard time over.
100,000 years of evolution have bestowed upon men bulletproof skin, flawless reflexes, the ability to avoid going into shock, subdermal armor sufficient to withstand a charging rhinoceros, a huge tactical edge in piloting aircraft and drones (anything that involves a joystick, because ... come on), and an innate tactical instinct so deftly honed that it's no accident Ender Wiggin was a man. (He saved us all. We must spare his life even if we somehow do triumph.)
Color me shocked. Did 59% say they'd be fine with it?
That's really startlingly high acceptance, relatively speaking. Wow.
I always loved history, but yes, so much yes, and I can come close to tears thinking of the pain suffered by people like me. It's to the point where ancient Scythia is the bright spot my mind's eye focuses in on.
You don't owe anyone trailblazer status. Frankly, transitioning is already a knife to the heart of sex-class-based oppression, because it's obviously absurd to erect an essentialist hierarchy when you can't even rely on people to stay in their foundational boxes, much less the boxes built atop them. Trans people have paid our dues. :p
I'm toying with the idea of writing a keep-me-busy-between-projects novel or novella in honor of the late Tanith Lee. It'd probably be a 21st century Gatsby adaptation/reworking with carefully controlled elements of the weird, gender dynamics taking front stage, etc. May pm!
I agree, and I think different kinds of deviation from a cis/heterosexual norm force different confrontations with embodiment, language, perception. I was talking to an agender friend (who makes a point of presenting in such a way that no one can tell their birth assignment, which is how they prefer it) about "passing" not as an attribute of an individual ('you totally pass! ") but as a flawed descriptor of a social engagement. Something as supposedly simple as which sex you perceive other humans as belonging to turns out super complex. Last November, I started to find male gas station attendants and other service employees were paying me a lot more attention, being mildly flirty, etc. I can be a bit dense but eventually I started to realize they were seeing me as clearly female no matter what strangeness I saw in the mirror. When I mentioned it to a longtime straight cis male friend who knew me before, he was extremely skeptical. "Maybe they were just being friendly?" Since he's really easy to read, I realized that he actually saw a different me than they did, one tinged with memories of my past body, a sort of perceptual Instagram filter of woman-in-theory-and-intent-but-not-perceptually, whereas they saw me through a different filter because they wanted to see a woman whose incidental attention would be a tiny pleasant moment amid a tedious day. The upshot of the conversation with my agender friend was that trans people tend to be forced to confront issues of the nature of perception because it's so often vital to our having any social agency. I'm not super big on being an incidental pair of breasts and legs to stare at, but I can't control that, only shape what people see within a limited range by sending out clear easily read clues.
What do you do when a person's visible dimorphism is, say, female, but you later learn that they were born with male genitals?
No one can fully know anyone else's experience, but there are probably trans women you have a lot in common with and cis women whose experiences are rather alien to you. For example, I find that there are aspects of my experiences which mean I relate really well to other infertile women who wish they could have children, whether those women are trans or cis, and can't relate as well to mothers who've never had fertility issues, though society is far more full of the narratives of mothers.
I'm really liking sense8. I'll review it more rigorously later. I had a powerful visceral reaction to seeing her, and the girl I'm seeing told me she'd burn a motherfucker down to save me, so perhaps I saw the first few episodes in a really flattering context, but I'm liking it.
That's the one!
As someone who thinks there are neurobiological bases to being trans--possibly many kinds, we have no idea--no, not really. Transition is slow (ohgodsoslow) and if someone's life isn't being improved they'll usually know. If their life is being improved, what's the problem? :p trans is a useful word that helps us describe a range of experiences, but ultimately the only coherent way to approach transition is as a personal choice.
You really should tell us what you're responding to or else *ask us* whether we'd prefer universal or female only prison reform.
I'm sure he did take his brain to work. It must be a nice brain, all shiny and chrome and only gently used.
I discovered a few weeks ago that one of my close friends is also subbed to trollx and raisedbynarcissists. Led to some fascinating conversations and a lot more meme sharing.
US academia. Transphobia is considered declasse.
Luck has nothing to do with it (except the luck of having poor at the time but highly educated parents, which led to academics, which led to scholarships, etc). I first heard anyone anywhere speak out for trans rights in college, and I didn't want to leave the safe ivory cocoon. Knowing trans people were safer in college was actually a huge part of why I felt safer there, though somehow I didn't put two and two together
Cis means not trans. The majority of gay men are cis but not straight. There are structural features to the way that cis men tend to be treated in society. Those can be talked about, including which areas of life are not artificially made harder for white people or cis people or men. I feel entitled to make statements like that because the facts bear them out.
finally. /u/drewiepoodle, thanks for this--and btw, how do you handle reading the sheer volume of material you link? Do you ever feel like nonstop ragetears, maybe stealing a war rig?
Good height to be! Even if sometimes you smash your face on cabinet doors and have to fold into your car.
Do you have some reason to think that her hrt regimen is off in some way? :p
Ain't that the truth.
I hang my head in shame.
Reddit won't implode unless there's another web paradigm shift. If I didn't have the reddit trans community, idk.
