Pretty good argument. Especially when your ex-teammates are killing people and letting the air out of footballs. Much harsher crimes.
Because it's WDAZ and everyone working there is 22.
That's because she was a lesbian so they always flirted with the fact that she was a dude.
Yes that is very much in line with the whole meta theme.
It's the complainers who never leave Reddit. They've seen it all. Twice.
Frankly, our world needs more of this. Kids need to know they're wrong. There's too much acceptance of inaccuracy amongst today's youth, all for the sake of not hurting their feelings.
*Outta the way ewe!
Bullshit. I call bullshit on your nonsensical karma grab.
Honestly though, having read the book, this is a great casting. I read it before they announced that there was going to be a movie and the entire time, I thought of Donald Glover for that role. The nerdy cool guy who just kind of hangs out in the background and then comes up with THE plan.
Thanks! But don't you have any other technology than VHS?
For your first movie-theater experience ... you choose ... poorly.
I like dinosaurs AND Chris Pratt!!!
Uh, did they give Watney a wife and kid?
Bean plays a NASA nerd back on earth.
This movie needs to be a hard R to keep its humor
Anything that uses the term "post-(insert overarching noun here) society" is hackneyed. But this one actually makes decent points.
It's ok. You're good shit for posting. I'm just playin.
You're in high school, aren't you?
Be David Caruso in "Jade."
A lot of the same people complaining about censorship on Reddit are the same people who don't want to hear what a Republican has to say or what people who don't wholeheartedly agree with them on any issue have to say.
Because women are stupider then men.
Too Asian...
Read the story and do research before posting a comment people. This "story" is a column written for Slate by an environmental activist. The law that Wyoming passed had nothing to do with taking pictures. It had everything to do with "scientists" trespassing on private land -- a huge problem in the state -- in order to do research on public lands. That's it. Is it a poorly written law? Of course. But will you be persecuted for taking a photo of Yellowstone. No. So please, take things with a grain of salt when you read them on the Internet and do more background research than making sweeping judgements and decisions based on one biased column. P.S. I find it funny how everyone on the left is pro-government expansion until it infringes on THEIR freedom. Maybe they will soon get what their cousins on the right have been screaming about for centuries. Less government = best government.
That's a terrible comparison to make for so many reasons.
He should be the ESPN Arthur Ashe Courage Award winner. ... Oh wait...
This was the 90s. These were "bad guys" in the 90s.
Ok....
Hollywood liberals love a man who wants to take all their money away and redistribute it to everyone else. Sounds about right.
Good to know that this mother fucker has a place in this world. We're such a progressive society. How amazing we are.
Actually, it's the First Amendment protecting both of you. The confederate wannabes and the Yankee dandies.
Love how we're getting downvotes for speaking truths that people don't like to hear.
Uh yeah, it's called war for a reason, albeit a war of arms races and spy games. If the U.S. would not have flexed superior might, you may not be here. Think about this.
Should have had a picture of Dean Pelton and Chang.
Brett Dalton, if you didn't close the deal, you're dead to me.
Wrong. It's out now because it's privately owned and the landowner got tired of people being on his land without his permission.
Patterson Lake's Crooked Crane Trail is about to get a huge revamp too, so that'll be nice.
Bernie Sanders supporters? Haaaave you met Reddit?
AWESOME-O!!!
Gotta love Vox's dig at Fox News in there. Everybody was reporting on that when it happened. Fox just got there first while the other networks were busy stroking Obama's dick.
Clearly you've never been to Chicago.
I know a girl from college who is in one of those Blue Cross Blue Shield "take the stairs" commercials. They're so cheesy, yet surprisingly well done.
That seemed like a lot of work for a gif.
Jesus.
Girls who want to watch dudes with abs run around slaying stuff? Sounds normal.
At the time, the CGI was solid. It's all we had man!!! But yes, I remember going to MKA the day after Thanksgiving with my dad while my mom shopped. I was disappointed but not as much as I'm sure he was.
Why does every pretend to hate Grown-Ups? Those movies grossed like $500 million combined.
At this point, it really couldn't hurt.
Well you'd want to change your name too if it sounded like an adorable dog breed.
First thing I thought was "and this is why we can't ever wholly get rid of petroleum-based vehicles." Electric fire truck? Dead.
I love chicks that wear that brand of bikini. The boob coverers (scientific term) look like little eyes that I am forced to stare at.
