I am in college and i need to get a field placememt for my program. I applied to 3 places but so far i have no response. I am so worried that my placement will be delayed until next year. Will i be getting a placement for this september?
i'm more interested in a sex palace
meow too thanks
I know that [temple!](http://www.baps.org/Global-Network/North-America/Toronto.aspx) its in my city. I've only been there once but it is stunning.
This is silly. If it is someones choice to buy a metaphysical item then they should have that choice and deal with whatever consequences it may or may not have. I dont like when websites parent
Right next to my college there is a forest path and during my breaks i go walk along there and spend my time and relax
there is a card system here in Canada called the presto card and you can use it on any bus in any city (most cities support it) you can reload it online or at the bus booth.
they are in some sort of enclosure, does not look like a fur farm at all. looks like a wildlife center
I love how [Vanir](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrl7Xgx7EVI) is in the suggested section :D
Hey do you need someone to talk to? Pm me. I am a college student studying social service work
Welp guess i should feel bad 24/7 because i have food and a home and some people dont have that. Guess im just selfish.
Ive had to leave stores because a kid crying was really fucking with my anxiety
Remember you arent alone in this situation. Im glad you shared your concerns and we are all here for eachother. Do what you believe is the best for yourself and dont apologize. Looks like you have some good support systems in your life and thats important. Please take care.
A beautiful piece. You did an awesome job
which city? i live in southern ontario as well
Ughh *yawn* is that all he has?
Really it confuses the fuck out of people when they dont play the part in being the cog in the machine like they are told to do.
For sure. Thats why so many people have an agressive view towards the homeless
I have been reading Elder Futhark runes for about 2 years now. this is what they said for you Current situation - Eihwaz - Defence You are looking for a way to defend yourself from any more issues or the issues that are already at hand What to look out for - Uruz (reversed) -strength Make sure you are not defeating yourself. There might be people using your own strength against you or you could be doing the same thing to yourself. Make sure not to exhaust yourself End result - Berkana - growth/ birth/renewal of all things Every situation you endure will always enhance your growth process. Your current situation is not your final destination. With each death there is a birth and with each birth there is a death. The cycle of life continues I hope this was helpful
i can somewhat relate i feel towards the druidic path but i am also close to celtic, norse and more recently, an egyptian god. This is generally why i do not like to label myself. I like to flow freely through paths and for me the reason why i love paganism is because there is no set rule or path. i hope this provided you some insight.
while im not excusing any behaviour someone pointed this out &gt;The title isn't correct. 23,000 people were at the Solstice but not all of them are 'hippies'. Solstice attracts a very diverse crowd (e.g. American tourists, locals, new age druids). Of the 23,000 you might find that only 5000 were actually 'hippies'. The litter was probably left by local young people, who mostly use it as an excuse to get drunk and stay out all night.
also tru fam
kick an active volcano
such a pathetic question. I will be mentoring youth, many of which never had decent fucking parents to assist them...
["it wouldn't be appropriate for me to brag"](http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/smite.gamepedia.com/7/76/T_Janus_Gold_Card.png?version=06ce9b1d65074507b463cd4e88d24a4c)
Hi :) * I'm 23 years old * I live in southern Ontario * I've been a heathen for 1 and a half years now * I am almost done college (graduate this year!) * I am asexual * I'm into extreme music (metal/punk) * I love playing games, pm me for my steam if you'd like * I'm female * I love photography and writing!
she was salary but didn't get overtime for the times she did work after hours. and it was common for many of the employees to work after hours too. idk that company just had shitty expectations for their employees. they expected people to come in early and stay late and come in weekends.
if u wanna mainly fuck for 'preservation of the species' and u will do anything to complete that.....yr a sociopath and need professional help
If chads are muscular fools who want sex arent they chads? They are obsessed with lifting and fucking. Havent they become they chads?
I feel spoiled by this picture
this is the game now
look I get what yr saying and life is painful and cruel. I like this sub but the nihilism is over bearing sometimes. Natalists are fools but I don't think life is one giant painful cruel unintentional disaster. There is no inherent meaning to life, that is true, but you give yourself your own meaning and no one can take that away from you. It is beyond powerful to realize you have carved your own purpose and meaning in life, it is you who is your own creator and you make your own choices. You can choose to see everything as suffering or you can choose to see it as a way to understand your self and others around you. Your dog probably had a wonderful loving and fun life with you and your family, your dog fulfilled its own purpose of being your friend and giving you affection. You fulfilled your own purpose of being a good owner, good friend and good caretaker to your pet. As soon as you got your dog, you signed up for a 'purpose' and that purpose was to take care of the dog. You did a good job from what I can tell, you loved your dog. Sometimes life can seem like an emptiness barrel of suffering because it impacts so much every day, we see it on the news and we see it in our relatives and pets whom we love. It is so powerful sometimes it makes us forget just how wonderful the time with them was and that the suffering was only brief fleeting moments compared to the love and joy experienced with them. I am sorry for your loss and I do not like people who trivialize life and treat it as some gambling game. Edit: well i tried
First of all try therapy. Second of all get practice. Practice speaking on the phone with someone you trust. Practice being professional with someone you trust. Make a script for yourself for what you want to say on the phone.
im not saying suffering is justified but it also cant be put to an end for all eternity. I'm not saying its good either but it cant be stopped
we are sentient beings so of course we perceive it as being awful but that's just life for some creatures and it is not going to stop anytime, it is such a waste to just mope around about it because its not going to change a damn thing. Yes its awful, no i don't advocate for it...
&gt; Angry Feminists this is the biggest fucking straw man argument and it doesn't prove jack fuck. Radical idea; why not have the female characters be the same size, height and weight as the male characters? they dont need to be super busty/thin/small etc to be female characters, have none of yall seen Loadout???? All in all I really don't give a fuck about gender bending characters because I value original well made female characters instead of just putting boobs on a male character. Making new characters would be a waste of time programing, voice acting and adding to an already massive game. You don't need to straw man "SJW" and "Angry feminists" to prove your point, and if you do it is childish, ill informed, a weak argument, and i'm probably going to take your point a lot less seriously.
This is like a ytp but with real people
Not eating can be a sign of depression and he seems avoidant. Have you thought about sitting down with him and have a chat just a simple "hey how are you, do you wanna grab a bite with me?" Can be powerful
i love this and i love seeing so many different types of people cosplaying!
/r/meow_irl
I really fucking hate that thing
Why...? Its their own body and thats just as bad being those anti abotion people who yell and scream at people and show horrible signs. Im not going to make choices for someone else and force it on them...
Hmm yea she had auditory hallucinations and delusions. Im not a professional but that is somewhere along the lines of the schizoprenia spectrum
https://i.imgur.com/CFwpseq.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/JWCFQ85.jpg
Good luck with everything! May i have a link to your blog?
Little dragon
thanks
me seeing a deleted post: 👀 👀 👀
satirizing a satire eh? you must be lonely
