My SO and I... Sorry, I, like beeg. There is also tblop.com
When you can just cum without any fears, is great. We're trying to have a kid too and it's WONDERFUL stuff. No worries about "Oh no, the pill, or condom, blah blah".
Her: I, will never tell you no Me: What? Her: If you want sex, I will never tell you no Me: What if it's 2am and you're sick Her: I will never tell you no Wifed her
If she'll say yes to having sex with me? Seriously though, I don't know if there is one thing. I am impressed if a woman has some knowledge in a passion of mine and it's a passion of hers. My wife and I are both really big Final Fantasy fans and we actually met because of that. She is a nerd deep down who likes nerd things.
Why do some cats like it but then you have cats that leave your arm bloody? My wife had to wash our two kittens two days ago and you'd think we were trying to coat them in lava with rabies.
Upvote because Penguins.
Uh, are you fucking retarded? Those are power/phone/etc lines.
You got a what? How long you had that problem? What's your man got to do with me?
Goddamn that's awesome. Love the old school look.
Wow that is AWESOME!
My favorite part is the hands. I can't do hands to save my life.
One of my very favorite characters overall and right now. (Sorry Harley, it's Marvel, not DC) It's nothing like 7ofDiamonds and Co [But i'm trying to get better](http://imgur.com/V2oYhKd)
I'd pay $20/month with current content. I have so many shows on there I want to watch, it's nuts. My current addiction is American Horror Story. Recently burned through My Name is Earl, and going through Cutthroat Kitchen as well. The FoodNetwork and DIY/HGTV shows will probably keep me entertained for another month. Still haven't watched House of Cards season 2 yet, my wife and I burned through Scandal (great show).
The drawing is great and all but the "Vrooom" is what sold it for me.
From what I understood of it as that the kid herself wanted to do it and was told numerous times if she didn't want to do it anymore she could quit any time.
Well, there are some vicious rumors going around, not sure if true but she apparently left the guy she was dating/married to in the show and it was rumored she was dating another guy. Only problem was he was a registered sex offender from 2004. The 10 year old he was convicted of molesting? The moms older daughter.
Fact 1: All of that in the picture is fucking delicious Fact 2: None of that belongs at a fucking BBQ
I went into a restaurant last year (IHOP) and ate very well. Bill comes and I whip out the wallet and... no check card. No cash, nada. Thankfully I was going in there 3 times a week so the owner was like "You can go get your card, it's fine". I'd left it on the desk in my hotel room because I was ordering some stuff online. Forgot to put back in my wallet. Now I just have it memorized.
Is this covering games that were previously purchsed? I kept having issues with The Walking Dead and just never played it again. However it was purchased on 12/31/12
The solo vocal track illustrates a point though. It has the highs of classical, lows of rap, the vocals, the mix of all 3 with Neil Youngs song, the constant sound of low, mid, high and everything in between. Katy Perrys seemed more of a mix of the other genres with the lows of bass, the vocals of Vega, and the high claps but would be of better available quality than Neil Youngs older song.
Isn't most music now done with VBR over CBR? CBR320 would just huge for the sake of being huge.
What's worse is with the smile they'll actually say "Smiles at you".
I love how he tells the story of how cops start whispering to others "This guy is smart". The Judge pretty much backs down because he refused to give him jurisdiction over him.
Did we ever get a follow up on this?
Good Will Hunting is one of those films that I can watch after just having watched it. Cabin in the Woods, this was a movie night movie here and I groaned when it won. I had a streak of movie nights going though so I was like "Screw it, I'll watch" because whatever. I had seen the previews a little and hear it was really good but it looked INCREDIBLY stupid. If you've said the same things to yourself. Watch this movie. This is one of the best movies I've seen in the past 10 years. I was absolutely SHOCKED at how good this movie was and the "horror" genre isn't one I really care for.
In the US, a lot of the time, white. Tomatoes are artificially ripened in the US.
I think that people lose focus on things sometimes. A diet is more than just counting calories. Losing weight and being HEALTHY is more than a simple calories in/calories out situation. 200 calories of Peanut Butter is going to be healthier than 200 calories of something else like Celery or in some instances veggies because it's not about just calories. It's about balance and having nutrients, not just the calories part. Having a spoonful of Peanut Butter can have 200 calories and STILL be healthy. It's a great food to stave off cravings and hunger. Can help your heart, lower risk of gallstones, can even be beneficial for people with diabetes.
I love this subreddit. Seriously. Only here do I see someone wax poetic about something as a sandwich. However, I think we have two schools of thought that ripple through our universal love of all things sandwiched. Much like /u/The_Jims, I am a purist. I do not begrudge someone who would rather eat an open faced sandwich but it is not something I partake in. I feel that the meat, cheese, and your other accouterments are better found between two slices of bread; toasted being my preference. One could argue that in this year of our lord, 2015, We should expand our views on what is and isn't a "sandwich" but I believe that without the steadfast rules that govern our sandwiches, we'll soon have other food stuffs trying to become sandwiches and though Pizza may be delicious, I'll be long dead in my cold cold grave before I ever let it be called a sandwich.
Relax, you need to Brie-th
Holy Foxtrot, Uniform, Charlie, Kilo.
I felt bad that I drew Ms. Marvel and didn't get the chance to share my Favorite [So, here's something Harley'esque. I can't draw people well, still trying](http://i.imgur.com/69QXNEo.jpg)
Speeding can be by accident. Illegal lane change can be by accident. Run a red light can be an accident or even running a stop sign can be an accident. Eating a bowl of cereal or a salad while driving down the road is NOT something you accidentally do. You don't accidentally pick up your phone to make a call or to text. However if you run a stop sign or a stop light on purpose then yeah, I think a harsh punishment should be handed down. Speeding over a certain limit? Hells yeah I think it should be a year minimum unless it's an emergency. Driving while drunk or under the influence of narcotics, you should never see your license again and should be 2 years minimum prison. The person in this picture willingly made themselves distracted by HOLDING A FUCKING BOWL OF CEREAL WHILE DRIVING! If you need to eat, eat then drive. Or drive then eat. Don't do both at the same time.
I missed my opportunity didn't I?
I came in like a wrrrrrrrecking ballll
I blame the parents for this. Who names their kid Cunty McFacerson and not expect to raise an idiot? Seriously.
As an American who has to import his Peanut Butter, it's not all shit just the ones here aren't good. I have my dad send Peanut Butter with care packages pretty regularly. I always get Jiff (you can google it :D) and it's good. I wanted to get some here because /u/enti_san had never tried it and she grabbed some. It was an oil slick nightmare. That's when I said "Screw it" and just ordered some on amazon that my Dad sent.
I worked for a company that did FiOS and that Actiontec was pretty popular and reliable.
I'll out chub ya chubs :D Good to know more will be there! The person I spoke to on Facebook said they were excited about the meetup being at their place since they're fellow Redditors so, do they count as coming to the meetup do you think?
protip: don't try this being a ~~non-celebrity~~ male. Especially bad if you're black.
He was so brave serving that nearly a year in prison for taking another life. Our prayers to him through, what has to be, this emotional and difficult time for him.
Definitely loved Bob Uecker.
Well, I meant, loved as in when I was able to hear him actually broadcast, not "loved" as in dead.
This past season was not that great but I'd not say all recent seasons are bad. One of the funniest parts is actually from 2014 where they do the SuperMarket Sweep in the cars. I saw this come on MBC out of Saudia Arabic (I think) as I was getting ready to get married. I had to stop and watch the episode.
But I consider "Mid 90's" to be at really 94 and it had run 7.5 of it's 11 years already.
I pressed because I had no idea wtf was going on. Was that the social experiments purpose?
People must have misunderstood me since I got downvoted and you got upvotes lol. I knew some dancers in my younger days and they liked doing it. Most couldn't make the cash they were making elsewhere. A girl I dated briefly was a former dancer and she was debating going back. Eventually she did.
Let's be clearer, you have no idea if he's talking shit to him or not. This gif has no audio. Also, this is infront of a door where people just come outside. He wasn't trying to flank him. He was walking forward towards the guy with his hands down which is not a hostile move. He sees his friend get knocked down and just walks in that direction. You sound like one of those keyboard warriors that talk a lot of crap behind the anonymity of a computer screen. My life is in my hands? Come on man, get real. I expect your next reply to just be "U wot m8?".
FoxNews
I'm perfectly chill but everyone keeps mentioning "4 friends" but there is no basis to they were 4 friends. There is no rancor, I just expect people to back up their claims with facts.
Good point but they shouldn't then state opinions as facts.
