I love White Zombie, but I think Rob Zombie did better on his own...
This guy is a fucking bag of dicks. He's Skip Bayless if some people actually thought Skip Bayless could put together a sentence correctly.
I'm not your buddy, guy!
I like this one a lot
Best Star Wars game ever.
I like dis one
And he had the best hip rehab ever. Shoot a bow with his feet!
Also, needs more Boz-shaming touchdowns.
It costs your mouth in this weird, slimy feel...
Bet you can't eat the black ones!
You sound like a 12 year old right now. This isn't even relevant.
I wanna wear a zoom suit. All the time.
[Ah, the ol' reddit gamearoo!](http://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/396da8/600_years_in_the_future_theres_a_historian_who/cs1m525)
Yes! The swords! This is the only game where I've seen a sword and thought "I can absolutely imagine holding that." The leather textures, the metal, you can just imagine the weight of it! Also, love lookin at my Griffin armor and swords during cutscenes too.
Thank you! Do you know of any specific mythological stories that it's based on? I've definitely let myself get wrapped up in this world now lol
Sure you did, Daniel. Why you gotta be dragging Lindsey down with you?!
I've gotten some Loot Crates, and it's ok, but in my mind, probably a waste of money. For 30 bucks I could pick out one thing that I really want rather than 5 things that are kinda cool.
Is it worth it to go? What's it offer?
I think he meant b9. As in "I have good news! Your tumor is b9!"
Bucky? Where are ya, Bucky?!
I'm not your pun, quip!
I'm brand spanking new to this game. I love it but don't get it at all. I'm playing on an Xbox one. Is this game even officially released on PC yet or is it still in alpha?
Yes! Jumping is so hard! I don't get it! Lol But I freaking love everything! The first time I came out of hyperspace next to a sun, I literally gasped!
Oh ok cool! Also, how do I drop out of friendship drive?....
Hahaha so basically, just play around on my controller and figure it out. :) ok I can do that!
Don't call him mate, geezer!
Effin A! Just figured it out! You hold down A to bring up the menu and push up on the d-pad to do it! I feel so liberated now! Hahah
&gt; That's the game, and you play it at your own risk. When you play the game of Castles, you either win, or you die
&gt; Then I would say, they are simply doing this for business perspective, not that they love the X1 community. Is this because, they don't have enough confidence in their console to bring new games, so let's try different and put backward compatibility. Got that fanboy stink on ya, son
One of em tried to cut off my grandmas finger to get her ring. My grandpa grabbed the guys arm and twisted it down so that the guy stabbed himself in the leg really deep. Then they ran like hell.
It's Fallout Shelter. It's an iOS game. EDIT: Shelter not vault
I can't tell if he's being a dick, or if he's trying to make a joke that none of us are getting....
That's what I love about these games. The level of detail is absurd!
Just voted. Definitely wanna dock at a place called Ramjam!
Iiiiii would say it's very high up there....
To be fair, Sir Anthony Hopkins could have played Jar Jar and it still would have sucked
I'll ride in your Cobra with you ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Hell yeah! You a Taylor Swift fan?! Crank that shit!
Yeah that I don't know about.....
It's not overly heavy, but you definitely know you're wielding a deadly weapon. My nightstick is telescoping, so I like that it sits right by my glasses case, because it's about the size of a glasses case, so that if I need it I can grab it quickly. Anyone who doesn't know what it is just thinks it's a flashlight.
You're right. Just because someone needs something for work doesn't make it a human right. For instance, I need prescription pads for my work, but not every human should have a right to a prescription pad. Look guys, I hate Fox as much as you do, but stop saying things that are equally as stupid.
So then paper and printers should be a human right?....
༼ つ ಥ_ಥ ༽つ
"Ayyy lmao" -King Tut
┬─┬﻿ ︵ /(._ . ）
196%
It's crazy! The way he says it, it's like what he's doing is something that is completely ok! He can't FATHOM that there are people out there who think that chokeholding suspects is wrong!
Iron Giant. It's a very well done movie.
Sake bombs. Sake bombs.
Three vaginas and they're STILL raping our women! Selfish bastards!
