With all the salads now, instead of just stacking ingredients on top of each other, they will be arranged on the perimeter of the salad like a [painter's palette (term used in official materials)](http://static5.depositphotos.com/1027218/433/v/950/depositphotos_4330040-Painters-palette.jpg). The chicken will be diced into 12-16 pieces instead of 4 strips. Bacon bits for the ranch salad are discontinued, although stores will have stock to last quite a while (assuming /u/TehWildMan_ doesn't accidentially drop a cambro full of them). Instead, 3 halfs of bacon will be used, torn into bite-sized chunks on table. This solves a problem where bacon bits were often held at room temperature for days before being used on salads. Table assembly is simple. I am not sure on the exact portion sizes, but our store is using two rail-spoons of the asain veggie blend, and roughly 8 orange slices, along with the diced chicken. EDIT: Forgot that an orange glaze will be applied on the chicken. The stock dressing is a mcdonalds-exclusive packaging based off Newman's Own Sesame Ginger, and sliced toasted almonds are included with the salad.
HDMI over gelatinous fruit.
It could be that the register does not have a valid price for a 20nugg2meal large size. At our store, that was (no longer offered) a promotional deal, and the price for the large version was 99.99$. The 20piece meal for one follows the same pricing rules with other value menu items.
Oh hey there fellow 60s.
Save it for when you will need it. You will know when the time comes. These flipcards are extremely rare, but very powerful.
For happy meals, its a small coke "only ice", which we all understand as a cup of water. Otherwise, just break the meal into components and punch in a water.
Tradition, although the registers did allow waters as HM drinks for a year and a half.
Almost as if a grey had intentionally donated a white account with the intention of single handedly ending the button.
Saw it in florida, not sure if it is just a mocha frappe with oreo crumbles, or something new entirely, but excited to see it at our store soon along with frozen lemonades.
I clocked out as soon as I had finished everything I was responsible for. Grabbed a tea and went to the crew room. On the way there, I noticed the bun rack was half-empty. *Crap, I forgot to pull buns*
At least you got overtime. Since I only work 4 shifts/week, that 13 there will probably won't yeild. And even if it did, I am pretty sure someone will "accidentally" screw the time punches, preventing overtime from kicking in (from experience, missed hours payments are ridiculously difficult to get at overtime rates).
Better solution: glyph hacking could have the possibility of returning multiple/duplicate keys.
Our store does a 2/3day orientation program, but the latter days are spent with a few hours on the floor.
Sounds like every organic chemistry test ever. Forgot to study after working a long shift the day before, felt like I didn't know anything, still made an 83. My worst test of them all, but still not bad.
Our kitchen and walk-in has a diamond-knurled-like pattern which helps, but only to a point.
Sexy cashless terminal (although it lacks a pedestal), does it handle NFC and/or chipcard payments? interesting idea of putting the changer on the top shelf. I usually set up with the changer against the wall, the Cashier Pos parallel to the back wall, OT Pos facing me and angled, and the printer wedged betwen the changer and Cashier. I call it the "commander" setup, but battle-station works as well.
As a regular crew member, I don't get enough time on that computer to investigate it, much less extract it.
For anyone curious: Usually, only one of the two POS terminals has a cash drawer. That one can be configured as a dedicated casher (can insert orders, but they have to be cashed immediately), hybrid cashier/OT (can take orders normally and store them), or dedicated OrderTaker. The configuration is done at the time of cashier login. OP's is set up as a dedicated casher (lack of a "reset selected cod" button) Also, about the menu layout, it appears to be standard with no Southern Chicken sandwich, and powerade/lemonade fountain drinks. The colored buttons are probably the sirloin burgers.
Its possible if you wish for the crew member to be pouring 335 degree oil on his hands.
Its also similar to McDonalds makes tea. 4lbs sugar, 4 gallons water, 4oz tea bag.
Ever since their own alternative (CurrentC) proved itself to be vaporware.
Oh holy mother of pelikan nibs. But fortunately, [The Goulets posted a video for this exact situation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zpnt18qqrPM) Skip to 1:20
The best part of ACBB is that it can be diluted to hell and back and still be a rich black with a green tone.
Some franchise got upset at the burger king next door.
Placing meat is the hazard under my managers procedure, which for grill crew who place patties two at a time, requires the two patties being placed simultaneously to be vertical. Like this. 4 2 4 2 3 1 3 1. That pattern essentially requires one arm to be above the other when placing patties. As a taller person, there is a lack of vertical space to avoid the uppers when placing the back pairs. I have always used the following pattern, despite for being written up numerous times and suspended twice. 4 4 3 3 2 2 1 1
Three platten grills have the same lower grill area size. The plattens are thinner ,but extend farther out by a few inches, and each platten can comfortably fit a 2x4 grid of 10:1. The back of the plattens are at a lower elevation on the 3s when open, and there is little room for error in placement.
&gt; destroyed a good four to five sections of our home entertainment section In other words, the entire store?
A U.S Quarter. 4-year old me didn't understand money that well.
Personally, a double bacon clubhouse [burger] with 6 extra orders of bacon (21 half strips total).
Or "only ketchup" which imho is just as bad as plain.
Our store has numerous regulars ordering multiple small coffees with 10cream+10sugar.
Fucking campers.
It gets worse at our store: We only have 1 dt register with cashier functionality, located in back booth (The presenter registers can be logged into cashier mode, but can not do anything but recall/edit orders). FC has two functional registers. If lobby is open, if multiple cars are in drive, then the cashier has to run back every time to pay out orders. We recently had a brand standards visit. As expected, we were marked off for not having a cash-enabled presenter-booth register and a broken FC register.
But every organic chemist can fap to [this](http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/introduction-to-chemistry-general-organic-and-biological/section_16/2ec91bbf743862995e7463c78beb8835.jpg) NSFW?
For a kid.
The size of the filet-o-fish has been changed a few times since it's introduction.
The ultimate orgy of organic bonding.
The General manager and Department managers, yes. Our third-shift manager at the McD's I work at is threatening of quitting if she doesn't get a raise above $9.25 by july. She currently makes only a little above $9/hr, and has been with the company for two decades.
And even better, it shows up to work within +/- 15 minutes of its scheduled shift on a regular basis.
The current cook time on frozen fries at McD's is 3:10 at 335F. Hash browns are 3:00 at 360F.
Filet-o-fish, when not on sale, is a challenge for our crew. Second shift has a nasty habit of cooking the patties in batches of 8-16 per tray, two trays in the cabinet, when only 1-2 are going out per hour. I personally instruct crew to follow the goddamn prep/VCMS charts (which give you an approx run size to avoid waste) or cook them to order during slower times. Completed filets also happens to be one of the most commonly wasted items on second shift. Go figure. These days, they are cooked at 350F for 3:25 if you are curious.
Watch_Dogs was actually playable.
Good luck with the foam cups. Sometimes our store runs out and customers get upset enough to demand refunded orders on the spot.
The twsbi vac700 comes close to the size of the 159. I used to own one and at the time, it was my favorite pen.
There are a lot of issues with the registers, although some (such as slowness or the 1-reduction and 0-promo rules) are a local issue. Our biggest complaint is the layout. The main lunch screen has a lot of wasted screen real estate, and is cluttered with discontinued promos. There are two pages for each the deserts and LSM items. All the items could fit onto one page per category, and could be labeled a lot better. Also, both categories are littered with discontinued items. Our registers have 4 pages for breakfast items, plus the lsm items on the LSM2 page. Most of these screens are full, but many items are broken (either inventory-wise or will prevent totaling) or discontinued. Drinks are also a mess. Even the sodas and teas are spread among many different pages. I could go on and on. NewPOS also lacks the ability to create seperate tickets on the same order, and taking large group's orders gets messy really quickly.
Our store stocked those bags years ago. Had a special designation like E-bag if memory serves. Perfect for breakfast platters and oversized lunch orders. I miss them.
How could you resist a surprise belly rub?
Out of curiosity, have you had any luck trying to use nfc tap/pay on your galaxy s3 with CM installed? I really want to change over to CM on my Sprint S3, but I have heard that HCE is not supported. I rely on google wallet too much to give it up.
I begin to wonder, has the Act actually changed anything at the retail/fastfood job level? Other than the available optional health benifits changing marginally, nothing has changed for me (full time worker).
It is [essentially] a continuous conveyor belt. At each end, it goes from vertical travel, around a curve, and back down in the opposite direction. To someone unfamiliar to how these work, suddenly going sideways might be enough to trigger a panic response.
