I hate sexual mods.
Ask them why they value things.
&gt;Somebody made a natural swimming pool &gt;somebody made &gt;natural
If you're good, the game doesn't punish you, it rewards you.
What is it about kids that they just don't get humour?
That would be infinitely better.
It's a magic trick. Misdirection. The main characters aren't the main characters, and the bad guy isn't the bad guy. Here's a pretty girl to distract you while we sleight of hand your money into our pockets.
Absolutely.
When you say feminism is about equality, but you *refuse* to use the term ~~*equalist*~~ *egalitarian* you are very loudly implying that males are the problem. THERE.
Grow a fucking spine. I don't demand Nightwing be fat because I have trouble not stuffing my fat face.
It's AMAZING.
It's more like... In real life while I'm perfectly able to steal money to get what I want, I choose to take the harder route and not steal.
Wait, you guys think the US president can actually do things?
[Dude...](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/X2ckO_VCxbU/maxresdefault.jpg)
All I said was it wouldn't have hurt to have the ad's "main character" be something different for a change. Why y'all riled up?
Play Fallout 3 or New Vegas in third person with the crosshairs turned off. Seriously, go try it. The whole experience is different.
The most noticable difference between the old ones and the Bethesda/Obsidian ones, in my opinion, is that in the first games, the whole americana art deco plastic fantastic retro future 50's vibe was more of a subtle background and menu kind of thing. The setting was just... a post apocalypse wasteland desert, played straight. It was more Mad Max than anything. Bethesda took that "cold war nuclear age" aesthetic and expanded it to be the entire tone of the game.
How fucking long was the movie in development?!
You know, that *is* really good, but not even from a comedy perspective. It's a heavy episode that deals with a lot of Bart's emotions and connections to other people.
Simple fibrous tissues made of protein chains. Fascinating.
Uhh, the standards are that religious nonsense should in no way ever supercede the laws of a nation because it's literally superstitious hogwash and I feel like I'm taking crazy pills having to stand around and nod an "yes of course your beliefs are valid" to absolute nonsense like it's real.
DO NOT. DROP OUT. OF SCHOOL. YOU FUCKING *MORON*.
No, they really aren't. Religions are a form of human culture. Because culture isn't what is written, culture is what is practiced.
&gt;Alternately, you can just go straight to the root of the problem: don't let players create characters who would reasonably work at cross purposes. But then I'm punishing them for badwrongfun.
I don't judge religions period. They're just false worldviews.
Something because god is a god and the universe is just a place.
Dawkins keeps touching the poop and I *cannot fathom why*. You're a renowned biologist and author! You have money and a life! Why are you engaging with these people!?
Naw cause she's a white WOMAN.
Neato.
Oh? I'm not subbed there, sorry.
You people are all insane. Is a YouTube show guys.
Gross. How Gauche. Skulls everywhere, and no one laughs at anything.
The same thing happens with Nintendo continuities.
Can someone ELI5 why Clinton is so bad? I'm Canadian, and she seems like the lesser of two evils from up here. And also seems just... like any other democratic runner.
My point is, that it's entirely neurological, and entirely physical. It's akin to me being left handed. An error in programming, but there's nothing "wrong" with me. I'm just playing with inverted on. The problem with the "gender and sex are different, gender is mental" discourse, is that certain... less informed individuals who have a mind/body dualist outlook run with that and treat gender as if it's immaterial because that's what they think the mind is. This is where we get "two-spirit" still hanging around.
More than likely they'll instead just explain their first date.
That artwork is god awful.
So I was sitting on the toilet yesterday, and my anus opened up, as fecal matter slowly slid out of it by the process of peristalsis. Oh, I'm sorry, was that perfectly natural normal body process gross?
Adam, you spend as much time in your stuff defending your opinions as you do stating them. Stop worrying so much. Make your case and roll with it.
She's credited on the fucking poster.
Maybe before you bitch and moan about imperialism you should give back that computer.
And then she threw a chair at the drummer.
Hardly. People change, and there's nothing wrong with her appearance.
Oh. The constant Saxon/Viking invasions of Britain make much more sense now. Didn't realize they were about as close as France.
You can't mandate the behavior and beliefs of people. Only laws.
Found the grade schooler.
While I acknowledge that dress codes totally exist in the adult world and youths must be prepared for them, I also think they are stupid, so I'm kind of on their side with the dress code thing. Aside from safety equipment, nothing about one's clothes, piercings, and especily *hair colour*, affects one's ability to do their job and the public opinion of that is what needs to change methinks. It's similar to the whole breastfeeding in public thing, in my opinion.
No because sexism. Duh.
&gt;the only way for Canada to compete in manufacturing, is by reducing labour standards to match what exists in China, Mexico, etc. &gt;And saying that the workforce should move to something else is short sighted, since that something else will just get outsourced like everything else to the lowest bidder. Not only that, but global shipping is fucking *murder* to the environment.
True AI. It would mark the day our extinction began.
