And best available year round? Furious.
I'm one of those ex Navy nuke guys, and I'm a generation dispatcher for an ISO. Is describing the job in that much detail a reaction to how you've never met anyone outside of work who even knows we exist? It's a habit for me too.
&gt; max my 401k up to company's matching program; First of all, if I were you, I'd bump this up to $18k/yr, the legal max. It sounds like you have extra money you don't know what to do with, and already max your IRA. &gt; I drive a 12-year old car &gt; I've decided to spend $20K all-in over the next 3 years on a new, leased bmw. I love cars. I love driving them; I love working on them. I don't think that going out and leasing one "just because" is a good idea though. You said you don't live in the city, but how much time do you spend in your car every day? I've had a BMW, and I absolutely understand the appeal of one, but why not go buy a 5-year old one with cash? &gt; save and invest so you can have a lot of money! -- if i fast forward 20 years, won't that advice still be the same? No, because if you do it, you'll have a lot of money, and if you choose, you can live off of investment returns. [If you save 50% of your income, you'll never need to work again after just 17 years.](http://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/01/13/the-shockingly-simple-math-behind-early-retirement/) &gt; When will the advice ever change to SPEND MONEY AND LIVE YOUR LIFE, YOU IGNORAMUS? Here, on this sub? Probably never. You absolutely should spend a little on fun things. But going out and purposefully making poor financial decisions just because you never have before? Why would you do that? &gt; I often feel guilty when I do buy something (e.g. I bought a $1,200 watch for my mom's 60th birthday, which she loves &amp; wears every day, but even now I feel a bit guilty spending that much on something, even if it is for my mom (stingy much?)). Honestly, that's ok. I wouldn't call you stingy at all. What can a $1200 watch do that a $200 watch can't do? &gt; I hate that people are brainwashed into saving for the future, but then when the future comes and they're "financially independent" -- they're still shackled and bound. I'm confused by this. What are they shackled and bound by? If you have enough money that you can live comfortably until you die, you can do whatever you want, no shackles. If you dont, by the time you want to retire, it simply means you haven't been saving enough. &gt; I'd rather live better when I'm young and cut back when I'm old tired and useless to society. Why do you have to retire when you're old and tired? I will retire when I'm 45. Check out /r/financialindependence.
&gt; 1. Improve current home- The home we live in needs a lot of work. What kind of work does it need? You've been able to live in it for four years already, it sounds like it's in a liveable condition and not falling apart or unsafe. Personally, I'd put the $100k towards your mortgage (or, any debt with a higher interest rate than it first). How much do you owe on your current house? If you then continue to make normal payments and invest for school as you had originally planned, you'll meet your goals much sooner. *Then* do your renovations if you still want to.
If anything, I personally think you should spend a *smaller* percentage on rent as your income increases. The law of diminishing returns applies to your apartment as much as it does to the rest of your life. If you got a job tomorrow that doubled your paycheck, would you go out as soon as your lease is up and double your rent?
&gt; "starter" checks below 500 That's crazy. I write ~2 checks a month, and I imagine most people write that many or less, for rent and one bill that for some reason won't get on board with the newfangled internet contraption. At that rate, it would take me 20 years to go through 500 checks.
&gt; maybe I am just to selfish to see otherwise. That's my gut reaction, honestly. &gt; my parents have decided that it is time for me to start paying rent. It's your choice. Do you want to pay your parents $400/month, or take a chance trying to live on your own? Do you contribute to paying the utilities? On your own, you're looking at (on top of rent) another few hundred for electricity, gas, water, sewer, trash, cell phone, internet, etc, etc. &gt; paying $400 dollars of rent each month takes a large portion of my salary. is it over 30%, after taxes? If so, maybe you need to talk to them about lowering it, but if not, it's completely fair. &gt; IMO the ideal situation would be to convince them that it is not good for either of us if I pay rent But this simply isn't true. It would not be good for them if you stopped paying. Not only that, but they paid for your education.
&gt; It is livable and not unsafe. If I can make a suggestion: Throw up a coat of paint, for now. I bought a house with all original fixtures and decoration from 1977, except some new appliances. We originally wanted to do a lot work, but just painting every room more modern colors and painting all the trim and doors white has changed the whole feel of the house, and now it feels like we can wait a long time before we might want to do more major work. Maybe $250 total on paint and supplies? I'd do this first, and see if you feel like you need to do more. I also updated the light fixtures, ceiling fans, and outlets/switches, but that was only another $300 or so. Spend $500 before you make a decision on what to do with $100k.
Wait, your head would grow back? Would that form a new consciousness? Wouldn't your body grow back from your head?
I'm not pro-life either, but those people make me irrationally angry for another reason: If I honestly believed that abortion was the actual murder of babies, and it was being conducted on the scale that it is, I wouldn't stop at lame protests in front of womens' health centers. I would be doing everything in my power to get it to stop. I don't think most people on that side of the issue actually believe what they're spewing.
Interestingly enough, the Navy has an Undersea Warfare Center in Hawthorne, Nevada.
Good on you. I would have been way more passive aggressive about it. Every time I see her car parked in the spot, I'd take a picture, time stamp it, and attach it to a Reply All.
&gt; Well you will need to make more than 35k to retire young. While I agree with that, he did specifically say: &gt; I'd like to retire by 60/65 That's not young. The whole range of those ages is above when you can make withdrawals from tax-advantaged accounts, and the age when you can begin receiving social security benefits is right in the middle. Two fairly common retirement standards.
&gt; I budgeted to contribute 10% to a 401k Your retirement was not funded "just fine". At only a 10% contribution, you'll have to work for at least 51 years from when you begin it. Good luck!
&gt; Assuming a 5% salary increase yearly This is counting your chickens before they hatch. Your salary could plateau, or even go down. Also, accounting for salary increases means you'll have to work even further if you maintain the same investment rate, as your spending will go up, and you'll need to finds to cover it in retirement.
That's oddly specific.
To all of you crying about "stolen valor": [The law amends the federal criminal code to make it a crime for a person to fraudulently claim having received any of a series of particular military decorations and awards with the intention of obtaining money, property, or other tangible benefit from convincing someone that he or she rightfully did receive that award.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stolen_Valor_Act_of_2013#Provisions.2FElements_of_the_bill) There are no medals/ribbons on the BDUs. Even if there were, this person is not benefiting from them in any way. Also, The BDU is a phased out uniform. This person is a civilian. Maybe one with no tact or class, but a civilian nonetheless. This person can wear whatever the hell she wants, and you, the military member, are defending her right to do so. You can tell her not to wear it until you're blue in the face, and she is perfectly capable of telling you to fuck right off. It's not worth your time to even worry about it, much less complain about it on the internet.
Where he goes for his first tour will depend highly on his rate. Many folks don't even get stationed overseas on their first tour, and some people never get stationed overseas at all. I can't speak for the surface or air communities, but in submarines, your sea tours are limited to seven bases, five of which are in the mainland US. Two of them are technically overseas, but both Guam and Hawaii are accompanied, if I'm not mistaken. In fact, if you're a missile tech, you're limited to exactly two bases, both in CONUS. But, for example, if you're a surface YN, HM, LS, etc, you can go literally anywhere, and aren't even limited to Navy bases.
&gt; What is my next move? Depends on your goals and how far away they are. Maybe your company will help paying for your Masters? When do you think you'll have those kids? Maybe a house? Retirement? The first thing I'd recommend you do is take a look at [this article](http://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/01/13/the-shockingly-simple-math-behind-early-retirement/). Not because you're necessarily thinking about retiring early, but look at the lower percentages on the chart and see how long you'll have to work. From the day you start investing for retirement, not from the day you start working. You're doing great, honestly. but I do have a problem with: &gt; neither of us has it in mind to start off our marriage in debt &gt; I have a car payment of $550/mo You're in debt now! Are you planning on paying off the car before you get married? It's not a monthly bill, it's a large amount of money you owe someone else. What is the interest rate, and how much do you owe?
But, those people making $60k gross are paying income taxes, likely have other benefits, and likely are making ~45k net. Then they have a rent or mortgage that takes up a large portion of their pay.
&gt; when he does need a million dollar house? When will anyone "need" a million dollar house?
"Want" is an appropriate word here.
You don't "need" to be a homeowner. Neither does OP, neither do I, and neither does anyone else.
http://xkcd.com/386/ No worries, man.
An Australian moving overseas doesn't have to move to the US.
[test post please ignore](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/92dd8/test_post_please_ignore/) /r/test
Hey, no worries. I upwoted you anyway. You can't tell me what to do.
Wait, are you an old man now? Because if not, you have a bunch of seasons to watch between now and then.
I'm not really from anywhere.
How is this enforced? I'm not asking just to be a dick. It makes sense because a retired person still receives pay and benefits, but unless the retired person still works for the military as a civilian, who issues punishment if they violate the UCMJ, unless they *also* break the law and end up in civilian court?
But, it gets *better* after ORSE, right? Wait, you mean everyone *lied* to me?
Have you asked over in /r/sailing [Edit] or /r/tattoos? Most nautical tattoos aren't Navy-specific; maybe someone over there has a good reference for you.
&gt; Well the doors were locked So, hold on. You showed up at a government office, after hours, to locked doors, while the folks inside were obviously getting ready to go home, and you expect the folks to be welcoming and courteous to you while you showed them no respect at all? Good luck in the Army. Or, you can fix your attitude and come back during normal working hours.
But then how is my left-hand side different from your left-hand side?
&gt; There's nothing in the world stopping us from taking the temperature of absolute zero in Fahrenheit, calling that 0 degrees on the Trumbley scale or whatever, and making exactly the same claim about Fahrenheit being pegged to absolute zero. They did this a long time ago. It's called the [Rankine](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rankine_scale) scale.
I think cloth diapers are great! Just to play devils advocate, though: With two kids in cloth, our water usage is about double what it would be without them. Washing machines use a *ton* of water.
&gt; regardless of income, comparing oneself to others results in misery. I am also 27. I got to be where I am because I was very very lucky in a few key decisions. It also helps that, while I may not be the most hard-working guy out there, I am extremely diciplined, and I'm willing to do things that other people are not. When I was 18, I had no idea what I wanted to, so I joined the Navy. They threw a ton of money at me to become a nuclear operator. That was piece of luck number one. I didn't know it then, but nuclear experience in the navy opens up some seriously well paying jobs in the future. I hated it. I hated nuclear power; I hated submarines; I hated shaving every day. From about day three of boot camp, I knew there was nothing I wanted more than to get out. But I also knew that I had signed a contract, and I was going to stick to my word no matter what. Dicipline. When I was getting out, I came home from a deployment and had about a week to find a new job. But I found one in that time, because I was willing to move across the country and work rotating 12-hour shifts at a chemical plant. Willingness to do what others are not. While I was there, there was a chemical spill while I was not on shift. The shift manager didn't want folks going to the hospital to get checked out and wanted to cover it up. I decided I wanted no part in a company that would treat its employees that way. Luck, sort of. So I got back into power production, on the grid operations side. I actually had enough time to look for a job and pick one I wanted, the chemical company didn't know I was leaving. The power company sold their power plants, and left my department with nothing to operate. We were all downsized, and received severances worth 1/3 year's salary. Bad luck, you might say, but: I got a new job, and moved again (willingness to do what others are not) to dispatch the electric grid itself. This put me where I am today. I still work rotating 12 hour shifts. But now I make $85k with no degree. It's been a long road to get here. You think you're stressed? Imagine being 20 and placed in control of a nuclear reactor, several hundred feet underwater. Make a few wrong moves, 160 people die. Try being laid off when you have a child with congenital heart defects, who is scheduled for her second open heart surgery two weeks later, and your second kid on the way. Do you know what it's like to think to yourself "I may not be able to support my family soon; *I am a failure as a father and a husband*"? I'm not trying to say you could have it worse (or that I have it worse than you); I hate people who do that. I just think that money isn't everything. Those people you look at and make tons of money, I bet they have problems of their own, and are looking right back at you thinking "I wish my life was so simple." A friend of mine from the service makes double what I make, but he never sees his kids. He's on the road 200+ days a year. Another friend makes nearly 3x what I make, but he works on an oil rig in the Middle East. I often catch myself thinking "man, If I didn't have a family, That's what I'd be doing!" but then I realize that I wouldn't have my family. **TL;DR:** Don't worry about it.
Take all the uneasiness away with a semi-joke: "Thank you for your tax money."
I got out a few years ago. I wear my NWU pants for camping and doing dirty yard work. Sometimes I even go to the bank in them! The horror! What are you going to do about it, OP?
Stand by for what? It's not like they can make him go get divorced.
That shouldn't be a problem if you're "really rich" as OP says.
Not if you get an FHA loan, which most people who put less than 20% do.
Yes, you can refinance, but as of April 2013, lenders are no longer required to simply drop PMI when you reach any amount if equity. There are other types of loans that do not require 20% down, and these can have the PMI removed eventually, just not FHA.
The ones with raised pieces are better at hiding scratches. If your job involves climbing around on stuff for maintenance, or squeezing in tight spaces, you'd need a new plain buckle fairly often.
Why not both?
Have you looked at IKEA?
You have been cut off from that wealth, first things first, you need to adjust your attitude and your idea of what you *need*. $50k is a lot of money, in that, if you really wanted to, you could be very frugal and live for a year or two. You were driving in a CTS, and your parents could afford to give you the cash, so I'm going to assume you don't know how to live like us "po' folk". So, let's first pretend the money doesn't exist. Your best option is to join the military. You have no education and extremely minimal minimum-wage experience. You will probably not be able to find a job that will pay you a living wage. That isn't going to be the case 100% of the time, but I guarantee you're not going to like doing what will pay you enough. Dirty, dangerous labor, odd shifts, etc. Go see a recruiter. You'll need to take a test known as the ASVAB, and when you find out what you're qualified for and decide what you want to do, there will likely be a time you'll need to wait before you can go off to basic. This is where the $50k comes in. Find an apartment. Actually, preferably, find roomates. You want the cheapest place you can find, here. Buy a cheap car with cash, unless you live in a city with good public transportation. And then, honestly, if I were you, I'd just wait til my ship date. Don't blow that money. Maybe buy some used furniture if it's a long wait period. Hang out, pay your bills, spend time with your friends. Once you're in and receiving paychecks, ask this question again. "What do I do with the rest of this $50k?"
&gt; MSU ROTC No, at this point, you need to go enlisted. If one branch won't take you, try the others.
Not necessarily. Who told you that?
A cadet? Bud, you need to go talk to someone whose actual job is to put people in the service. Not someone who is going to school to eventually be there.
