You need a kitty. They are like cramp magnets. You hurt. Magically you have a purring cat on your lap. They also give you zen from purrs. Feel better :)
Someone posted a picture of a lock on a fence in a Nation Park a month or so ago. That's litter. Grr.
How often does this happen? Our ASPCA has a record of no deaths from spay/neuter clinic for something like 10 years.
Man I wish they bottled their sour. It's so good.
I know 2 sets of parents who said something like "You are treating my son like a criminal" when he was charged 4 years for sleeping with a 13 year old (he was 23) and "Why didn't the parents come to us and we could have settled it quietly" when their son had been diddling his 12 year old cousin for years (He was 33). Yeah. NO.
This is such a good book.
Was it Enya? She had a ton of her music in commercials in the 90's
Our state has a damn chart for consent age.
Yup. Came here to say this. Wrist foot and kree in the misc. Pile. :)
Sweaters. I have really nice light sweaters. And a lot of tank tops to wear under v neck stuff.
Screaming buttons we call them
If it's a chimp it would win. They are way strong and have sharp teeth and mad crazy jaw muscles. Mofo can bit your face off and snap an arm like it's nothing. Bitch don't even need a knife. Unless it was like a lemur. I could probably take a lemur. Source: anthropology major
Don't study the day before and sleep well the night before. It takes 24 hours for that cramming to set in. Cram in advance. Basically study each week. Make questions and answers that may be on the exam and pop quiz yourself. Oh and ask the prof for tips during office hours. Oh. Do not. I reapeat. Not. Let the prof see you cry. Never show weakness to the enemy.
My boss had to tell our ceo, under no circumstances, would there be bathroom meetings. Ceo installed private loo in his office shorty after.
Some asshat at a club I did not want to be (obligation for work ) at grabbed almost every girls ass in my group until me when I turned around and told him "young man that is very inappropriate". Then I informed the bouncer and my totally yoked friend who stared him down the whole night. Fuckin people like that guy.
Guy 1. He was never there and married to his job. i Graduated college and got wine to celebrate. Woke up at midnight when he got home. Drank wine by myself. Guy 2. Told me I had to get rid of my cat. Had no emotions and only wanted sex in one position. Guy 3. Bragged about being stabbed and had no idea how to treat a girl. Spent all my money and was a drunk. I sure know how to pick them. But I'm with a chill dude now. We rock. No plans to get married and we are cool with that. Plus my cats love him and he loves the cats.
Isn't she against gay marriege and some other controvercial things too? I think it's just a ruse to cover up real stories like the TPP and the Freedom Act. We rather fawn over a celeb than worry about freedom.
I would like to see him shooting a gun and smoking a joint while high fiving an eagle and drinking a beer with an Iraq vet.
I just wished my bf liked makeup. He tolerates it but he's not a fan. Even when I do no-makup makeup he notices. I have okay skin and will use a bit of cover up most days (unless there is a miricle and the skin is flawless) but even a touch of brows and brown eyeliner accents and he's like, " :( " I guess I should be happy he likes my face.
Seriously. If you order a certain beer or drink day in and out (local dive bar, so you see people 5 days a week) and they switch to something you get confused. Or you are THAT guy who just orders a "vodka anything". He seriously just lets the bartender make a new vodka drink every day. Good guy.
Go to a craft cocktail bar where they choose your first drink for you based on your tastes, then each drink revise until you have found your poison. There are tons popping up all over.
First thing I noticed was your 'y's. Next thing, you are legit. Bartenders hate making coffee. If they wanted to be a barista they would have applied at starbucks.
My significant other is a fancy cocktail bartender and orders white Russians at bowling alleys. Then again, he likes white Russians. Also, I am a white Russian.
Even worse, Tuaca and Diet. BLARGGGGGGG
Because you mean business. You know what you want. You know to pace with a shot. Drink the beer slowly, take the shot. Rinse repeat. This type of person always pays their tab plus a big tip for not bothering them. We have a guy that comes in and orders a beer and a shot almost every day, he's polite, friendly and always in a good mood. He has also worked every single day since the end of February. Service industry makes you appreciate your booze.
Yup.
All American style vodka tastes the same. Funny though, I had a bottle of White Doctor from the super market from Russia a while back and everyone said it was so smooth and good. I think it cost like 75 cents? Also Peter the First cigarettes are pretty tasty.
I order scotch or whiskey as a side car and sip it neat or with an ice cube.
My friend always joked on me because I ordered wine when we went out. One day he comes in and is like OMG I LOVE WINE. He discoved moscato wine. He is black. Heard it in a rap song. I blame rap for hennessy, gin, amaretto, moscato, and brandy.
Real men are not ashamed of ordering a pink cocktail served in a martini glass.
Our bar has 3 ciders. One is pear. The new thing is to order an "angry balls" which is an Angry Orchard Cider with a shot of fire ball poured into the bottle. It is vile.
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Whoever abandon him should get 17 years bad luck and bad karma. :( Such a cute kitty and awesome forever parents for taking him in :)
Just had a shot and a wine for lunch. However I think the bartender already likes me because we live together. I got the unicorn. Took a bartender on a date and it worked out. :)
So true. I am so happy there are people like you. I have taken in many a kitty but never this bad a situation. Mine have always been from hoarders or the pound. 2 stupid kitties right now. Rimmer is 10 (ish?) and loves doritos and pets. Kuna (Hakuna Matata) is 2 and leaves dead mice in my shoes. Both were kittens from farm cats who were not fixed in time.
40 signs saying keep window closed. 40. FOURTY.
So my 20 pound monsters could be doners? I will bring that up during their next vet visit.
It also looks like D cell batteries next to the bulb.
I didn't go to either of my graduations. I don't even know if I officially graduated high school.
In the future you can get cheap glasses online at places like eyebuydirect
I know nothing.
We had a free vegan restaurant with multiple options at work and people would go across the street to get bacon. However, vegan lasagna is horrible.
You could be 135 lbs and still be healthy at 5'10".
My cat has a bad problem with being obsessed with doritos. So I guess he is helping by me not bringing them home. He will cry and bite until he gets his chip fix.
Good for you!
Like that show secret eaters. They list what they eat and forget to list the drinks or snacks. One person was gobbling on chocolate all day. How do you just eat chocolate all day long and not think about it? One girl was consuming close to 4000 calories per day and had gained 60 pounds in TWO years!!!
Oh god, like the Secret Eaters girl who had the jacket potato every day for lunch but it was covered in 800 calories of extra junk.
THEY DRANK THE COOLAID. So sad. i see this all the time. The nails, the oils, everything. They SWEAR by it. Talking about it all the time. It's like they sold their soul for a few extra bucks a month. Like, OMG, this lavendar bath oil totally cured my headache. Buy it for 20% off today from my site. Only 16$. Ugh. No. I grow lavendar. I can pick it. FREE. I also make my own simple syrups and flavored honey.
Ours are painted like little people. Not at all coded.
Rich and related to Luke Skywalker. Probably high and drunk all the time.
