Prediction: cinderblocks.
Happened to Beef too, didn't it?
I wanna say something witty but I can't articulate my feelings.
I just thought it was impressive. You don't have to find it inspiring. But, what do you find inspiring if not things like this?
Because buttons.
Slightly, I would say, because smoke and fog are more dense than air.
And they continue to challenge the notion of no stupid questions...
Noted!
Dude. I dig *Minke*. Inspiring every time I hear it.
It's true that, if you maintain a caloric deficit (consuming fewer calories than your body needs to function), then your body will use fat stores as energy to make up the difference. As a rule of thumb, a 3500 Calorie deficit is approximately equivalent to one pound of fat loss.
Right on, thanks Derek!
Typically it is shipped one day, spends one full day in transit, and is delivered the next day. So, if it was shipped on the 4th (assuming early enough in the day), then you can expect it on the 6th.
https://mobile.twitter.com/tweetsauce/status/155058562379427840
Yeah, that.
I see references to Gary being a depressing, terrible place Peru often...what about it makes it bad?
Sure!
Ah, okay, thanks. And I definitely did not mean to type Peru.
I don't think atom size would be a factor unless we're talking extremely small. If someone shrinks to a few centimeters or something, they'd probably look identical. Shrunk to a microscopic level and I think things would get hairy. Not to mention their body systems would be all kinds of ruined I shrunk.
Doubtful. Passenger jets are pressurized, which [forces the door shut](http://www.forbes.com/sites/johngoglia/2013/05/28/relax-passengers-aircraft-doors-cant-open-in-flight/).
It's a day every four years, so after 120 years you've added 30 days. A month.
No, we would be saying "Was würde passieren wenn die Weltsprache nicht Deutsch?"
The radon emits alpha particles which travel through the surrounding fluid and ionize it, creating little tracks. My friend built one of these as a senior project.
Thanks! I just used Google :p.
Not the green/yellow glow; the smudge close to the profile of Half Dome.
Uh...elaborate?
Well it is a group of stars, just...about a trillion of them. :p
Awesome work! Looks like a sci-fi scene framed that way.
^^hahahaha
Well, a person might have a 'natural weight' in the sense that their height (mostly) and body structure (I'm talking broad shoulders vs small frame, for example, not "I naturally have a lot of fat on my body") determine their healthy weight.
OP, I think the phenomenon you're trying to describe is the result of how the body functions from an energy perspective. Everyone has a rate at which they expend energy strictly to stay alive. It's called the basal metabolic rate and it is the number of calories per day that someone's body burns in order to carry out basic, involuntary functions like digestion. It's dependent on the current state of the body, especially weight. A 300 lb, 6 foot tall man might have a BMR of 2500 calories a day. So, if he eats 2500 calories a day and does not exercise at all, then the difference between consumption and expenditure is zero. When there is no net difference, a person tends to maintain their weight. But, if he either eats 500 fewer calories per day OR burns 500 extra calories through exercise, he suddenly has a deficit of 500 calories. When the body operates at a deficit, it turns to fat stores to make up the difference--so routinely burning more than you consume will always cause weight loss, barring weird medical situations. (sorry if you already know all of this) The thing is, if the man in question loses 50 lbs doing this, then his new weight means that his body now needs less energy to operate normally. If he needed 2500 calories at 300 lbs and changed his diet so that he was eating only 2000 for a while and lost that weight, maybe now he only needs 2200 calories to function and maintain his weight. If he's still eating 2000 at this point, then the weight will be coming off more slowly because the deficit is now only 200 calories per day (as a rule of thumb, a pound of fat is equivalent to about 3500 cal). Some people don't realize that they need to be adjusting their diet after significant weight loss. Essentially you have more leeway when you're very overweight than when you just have a few pounds to lose. (this is the way I understand it, at least; if anyone sees any errors please let me know)
Well, you just explained it in far fewer words than I could. Shame I didn't see your reply first. haha
Then everyone would drive 5 mph above *that* limit. And so on, until we're all driving Mach 2.
^did ^you ^commit ^a ^murder ^and ^clean ^up ^in ^your ^sink
It's blocked in the United States.
[Here's](http://www.skimountaineer.com/CascadeSki/Thielsen/ThielsenHighwayView.jpg) what the mountain looks like from afar.
Yeah, and the kid is hiding a deadly throwing triangle on his left elbow too!
Wow. Curry's line is rough. :| 5/23 FG 2/15 3PT 6 TOV 4 PF
I just use an excel spreadsheet with columns for date, name, distance, elevation, notes, etc. One sheet for hikes I've done and one for the ones I want to do.
&gt; Do not look to Reddit for medical advice. Talk to your doctor about this.
^^now ^^kiss
That was my favorite class all year. Enjoy.
One people day is three moth minutes. The Uber isn't even late yet, what's all the fuss about?
Understatement for sure! If it was to scale it'd be about 200,000 feet tall.
Since I doubt you'll get any anecdotal evidence, I'll speculate: Yes, given the opportunity, a tiger would eat a trench fry.
Ha, it kind of looks like Mt Kenya too, coincidentally.
A little different, but, y'know...
/s.
A day or two, then no one will care anymore.
eBay?
^Science!
