[Relevant cracked](http://www.cracked.com/article_19940_5-myths-you-probably-believe-about-famous-landmarks.html)
Too many fan theories boil down to "It was all in his mind".
Carry a gun; it's much more effective than pepper spray.
You shouldn't conceal a gun in your purse, and one can easily carry concealed without any pockets.
[Alternate Link](http://x-incest.com/stories/considerateparents.html)
Go on...
I always use my elbow when striking a wall, much less chance of injury.
He kicked the Sandman's ass in that underground sewer scene.
Someone didn't follow rules 1 &amp; 2
It's people like him who soil the good reputation of Bondage Discipline Sadism and Masochism.
What if my future self is just as single as my current self?
Fine, I guess I'll bite the bullet and nail Khloe Kardashian...
Last year I took a few days off work because my grandmother really was in the hospital. Pretty sure my boss thinks i was BS-ing him.
"Do as you're told and you'll live" doesn't really sit well with us Yankees.
Fair enough. Most of my first dates are with girls I barely know.
Wow, you just made this 29 yr old feel very unaccomplished.
Catelina from Space Cases.
They said I could be anything, so I became a turtle.
How else can we get our PDA on?
Go on...
Come at me bro! I watch UFC all the time!
Congrats on your weight loss, though I think both photos are very pretty!
If you ain't cheatin' you ain't tryin'
This has gone over my head as well.
She has another man inside her. I guarantee it.
The principle of stealing?
That's just something guys tell themselves when they're not charming enough to get laid on the first date.
He's still around. Just isn't involved in any episode plots.
Hard to believe all it takes to puncture your tank is a gravel road and a heavy foot.
You need to put this on r/aww ASAP!
Monique. Her characters in Domino and Precious:Based on the Novel Push by Sapphire have caused me to automatically hate her.
When you want to pop your neck/back/knee, but it won't pop!
If you enter the room I'm in and turn on more lights, you'd better turn them off when you leave!
I take my shirt off when shitting, just in case.
The ability to each junk food, never exercise, and still be in shape.
The problem though is that if I follow the proper channels then my resume will end up in a pile with a hundred other ones, assuming it isn't filtered out by Taleo.
[Source](http://www.fux.com/video/187425)
Goals vs Habits is also the central thesis of Scott Adams' self help book *How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big* I've read it several times and loved it.
My jaw literally dropped.
Cabin in the Woods
Sidequel or Midquel
Good Lawd! They've never looked that big before!
Isn't oil simply storing the sun's energy?
We're still talking about clubbing, right?
My last name rhymes with a certain mexican food, and a popular corn chip. The amount of nickels I'd get from hearing people make fun of the similarity would net far more than $73
Serious question: could I start selling stripped machine gun receivers as decorative paperweights? To what extent can one skirt the law in this manner?
They're not assholes towards the people who can harm them financially.
One of the ILM guys specifically says they went out of their way to make sure the thumbs up didn't resemble a certain other gesture. [link](http://www.mtv.com/news/2727582/bb-8-thumbs-up-star-wars/)
I wouldn't consider "cutie" to be a pet name.
When a girl wears tit curtains, those loose shirts that just sort of hang off the boobs, kinda like a bedsheet on a clothesline.
