Yes, but if you are mad about having insurance then you probably don't understand your insurance.
Decay spam makes ES hit like a wet blanket and fold like a card table during the laning stage and a good Tombstone will reset the CD timing on blink late game.
Beastmaster hawk...
Hrmm, jungle techies sounds terrible. I get that there are bad techies players but there are bad carry players and bad supports and bad offlaners in almost every game too. Techies has three 5 key timings, three of which are critical. Once he gets the first 3, everything else is mind games. * Soul Ring (mana efficiency) * Arcane Boots (mana efficiency + soul ring trick) [shitty roaming techies goes tranquils] * Level 6 (Remote bombs, turns you into lane dominator) * Aghs (more efficiency/ability to participate some in team fights) * Force Staff (main defense against gems)
Well everything can work in the right circumstances but generally TB is god awful in this meta where just about every hero is truly viable.
Sad to see you are downvoted for recognizing the truth. Belief is so often the death of reason.
I just don't think ET gets enough farm as a support and needs to fix his mana issues asap.
All I know is I don't want to be around a cop with a gun drawn regardless of whether I did or didn't do anything wrong. Too many examples of "mistakes" being made to count at this point.
Pets added because fuck you.
Personal Jesus is always supportive of your bigotry.
I think it is the opposite: does your team need magic resistance / channeling help? Glimmer. Otherwise Force Staff.
It is a half joke but yes I do think we take a much keener interest in players who score on us than we otherwise would. * Moses * Willian * Salah * Remy * Costa (I am not sure if a PK counts) * Ba Probably missing a few.
You're trying to retrofit a bad idea (term limits) with an even more questionable idea around politicizing who a politician can talk to.
There are term limits. They come up every two years for Reps and six years for Senators.
Why? These things are always about average play, not most consistent play or length in the competition.
&gt; According to FIFA, 14% of injuries on grass were non-contact-related while the figure rose to 22% on the turf. ... &gt; the NFL’s Injury and Safety Panel presented a study finding that anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injuries happened 88 percent more often in games played on FieldTurf than in games played on grass. In 2012, the NFL Injury and Safety Panel published an independently funded analysis of actual game data over the 2000-2009 seasons. Their statistically significant findings showed a 67% higher rate of ACL sprains and 31% higher rate of eversion ankle sprains. In other words, the best turf in the world blows out knees and ankles at much higher rates than grass. There isn't a debate about turf to be had here. It is simple about allocating resources to improve the quality of the game which is FIFA's stated mission.
&gt;Edit: but that wasn't my point anyway. My point was that your turf is shitty cheap turf that can't be compared to professional turf. Actually the turf I play on is rated FIFA 2 star but that won't change your view I am sure.
&gt; I don't know what you want. Studies not paid for by organizations selling the product under review and qualitative analysis of high severity injuries relative to grass, with a focus on non-contact injuries, and not just frequency of all injuries regardless of severity.
If you are going to ignore the nuance of what is said then I can't respond to you.
In that case, thank you for your contribution but I think you aren't paying close attention then.
Urn sucks on Invoker.
He got a nice pay raise, he knew the form Dave and Ivanovic were in. It is his job to win the starting role and obviously he believed he could.
I don't think exhaustion is still a good excuse given the number of games he didn't play in.
This is what makes sense to me but I think Mourinho has different ideas. I'd also like to see Remy get more starts next season simply to keep Costa healthy.
I don't see what you are raging against. Tactically we don't use three strikers however Barcelona does use three strikers (and has at least one on the bench--so realistically a team using three strikers actually needs 4-5 for depth). When Remy comes on to the wing for Chelsea, he isn't playing a striker, he is playing an inside forward just like Hazard and Willian, that is to say he isn't leading the line. If we wanted to play like Barcelona we would need a better midfield (and arguably more possession oriented wing backs) to make up for the lack of responsibility our version of N-S-M would have on the defensive side of the ball. We aren't Barcelona so none of that matters. We play one striker, maybe two in desperation time--Barcelona plays three strikers-- not two wingers and a striker as you suggest.
Andy Lee has the best chance to be the first punter to make it into the NFL Hall of Fame. He probably won't because of being a Punter but he might be the best of all time at his position.
I have a 66% techies winrate and went up against a Techies player the other day. Game was easy and ended at 38 minutes. I just got a laugh checking dotabuff as the radiant techies was "laned" in the dire jungle for the first 10 minutes of the game.
Carries who complain never play support or play support badly on purpose to support the idea that they are a carry player.
Dave is not available. Don't even thinking about it.
Jupiter Crash
You guys really don't want Wilshere so you might as well just let him go free.
0.94 goals per 90 minutes.
The two strikers ahead of him have higher than average injury risks and Chelsea plans to compete in four major competitions.
No, /r/politics (among others) was removed because Reddit learned that it was big enough to focus on the lowest common denominator and that people are more likely to return to the site if they only saw information they already agreed with. Like all recent decisions, this is about commercializing Reddit and making it more appetizing to advertisers.
More than /r/libertarian or /r/ancap or /r/socialism or /r/conservative? I think we both know the answer.
And /r/neutralpolitics. I don't really see your point though. /r/politics is simply the biggest mixed audience and doesn't *pretend* to be topically unbiased.
Oh I guess I am starting to understand. Why would you think /r/politics is neutral in a system that rewards popularity?
You used to be able to hover over the dagger and see the range but they disabled that which effectively screwed over the learning curve for all new players.
It seems far more delusional to suggest politicians like Hillary Clinton are leftists.
I can't stand playing with bots. I am sure that mode is effective for some people but it is unplayable in my view (eg there is no fun).
Maybe 20M if Cech is worth 10M?
Exactly. There is a left in the US, some just don't identify their leftist ideas as being leftist.
Well then he loses when his opponents tell the people who stand to lose the most.
He would be worth £50m when he shits the bed next season while wrecking team chemistry and your offers for him will be £20m or less with one year left on his contract.
I would be more concerned with what you don't know, like what extremely unhappy player does to the moral of the rest of your team.
Sounds like a good reason to sell him at £40m.
Exactly this. Paying lip service is nice but not ask effective as walking the walk and encouraging his followers to walk it with him.
Abaddon is a better support than core. Lina is a better core than support.
I was speaking generally. If there are unjust laws, they generally don't just get overturned expeditiously as /u/xadakis somewhat implies. &gt;Breaking the law, and endangering lives in the service of attention for your cause is not reasonable. He didn't endanger anyone and breaking the law is what Rosa Parks did so there are indeed times one should break the law in protest. It isn't as black and white as you suggest, though this man is no Rosa Parks. The point is your logic is flawed.
I don't recall calling the FAA regulations unjust but I haven't studied them either.
