The mouse when you are watching a movie or youtube video and the person who put it on left the mouse in the middle of the screen.
Too literal man.
Black and White 1 (Never played 2 not sure about them) had a solid route if you pay good attention. You can go back and forth with a volcarona for ez hatching. I also liked to go to the train station and run by putting a small rock on b and right.
UGH! Another 2 rival game? What ever happened to the one solid rival in R/B/G/Y, G/S/C, or D/P/other P? I'm okay with Black and White One because Bianca and Cheren were fleshed out, but the other multi rival games were weak in comparison.
Yeah, being a 9 year old with Diamond, I picked Infernape and proceeded to always died on Bertha
Same, it took me 2 years to beat her and my parents grounded me when I beat her so I had to wait a week to go to the endgame shit.
How didn't ya make it? Those were 2 pretty easy games, did you just not have the time?
I love how I am the only one who said anything from gen 5 besides Cynthia (Undella Town)
I watched for 8 innings, nothing too eventful. LOOK AT MY PHONE FOR 3 MINUTES AND 6 rUNS!
Mine was 2003
HEY LOOK! A FOREIGN CHILD WITH A NAME THAT SOUNDS SIMILAR to V****! LETS MAKE FUN OF HIM OVer SoMEthiNG he cAN'T cOntroL!
Except for the first and last ones, the rest sound like problems with the family and not the couple itself
Well, all the asians in my class get straight A's... You guys are fucking smarter than us, of course they give ya'll higher marks
Good idea, can I use this too?
SOMEBODY GIVE THIS MAN A GOLD
&gt;... and his strong desire to be a swinger (a person who partakes in sexual activities with many partners, not a person who dances to swing music). SO THATS WHAT NOGLA WAS TALKING ABOUT!
Things like running around and killing cops as a squad are pretty fun...
Rest in peace. It was a good win streak. It bought joy to many lives. Let us remember Jakey A's streak 2015-2016
Diamond/Pearl are fun and more challenging to Nuzlocke than Platinum, so I would keep that in mind if you are going to do those
That's why I always count when the movie says an even will happen in *x* seconds. I love it when it is withing a second or so.
Polynesia, when he is landlocked he is like a pet.
I am trying for this too. You need no wheat, Desert Folklore, and William on a Sandblasted map. YOU BECOME GOD! My science is literal ages above everyone else, and my religion gave city states and orgy
No, I mean blowpops, they're lolipops with gum in the center, and the gum ruins it.
Really no problem, I just wanted to make a point on how it is one of the best lollipop flavors and the gum ruins it prematurely.
If you don't have the funds to join the Middle East server, joining a bar guild and achieving the "bouncer" rank will let you get random PvP events
It should be an hour, your eyes don't adjust to darkness for 40ish minutes.
False, Peeves listens to the Bloody Baron.
You can get a garchomp in victory road.
For 3 years, every Friday, I would get pan friend perch at the Mill in Door County WI.
Only between different countries or media.
*Pictures OP with 100 women packed into a 4 door* *Shudders*
No, Aussies want 100 jars of piss. (TF2)
Canada is the nice one, not Minnesota
I dunno.
Abusing the free gold
Shadow of Colossus in general
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Me too
The fuck did I just read?
No, they can't, I spend time in a rural area, and it takes 40 minutes looking at the sky before I see most of the stars
Wait, why am I being downvoted when there is no downvote button?
It really wasn't that bad, it took a lot of grinding, but was a good game. The 3rd one was the end IMO.
I know, he wasn't DFA-ed at the time I said this, and I wasn't sure if we would give someone else. I must have not mentioned it. It was early when I posted it.
Argo gives his life to save you.
I didn't hear that until after the thread was posted.
1: I have a neighbor who has two wild young kids, so maybe Venice, the parents chill and do one thing, while the kids mess around and do other shit. So Venice. 2: My other neighbor is an anti social asshole who never shovels their driveway/sidewalk, ect. They would be Dido or Nebuchadnezzar
More plz
No, I've been told by many doctors I have great eyes. I have a house on Lake Michigan, and when I sit on the beach away from all light but the stars, it takes a while for my eyes to see ALL the stars, I always see the brighter ones, but it takes about 1/2 an hour to see most of the stars.
I would say this is worse because any navy can easily attack it from 3 sides. Plus that's less workable tiles in the beginning
Undertale, it's so much better blind.
