With regard to the weather, check out southeast Asian Muslims wearing veils in 30 degree weather with 90% humidity. They don't even sweat. Meanwhile the white tourists wearing tank tops and bike shorts sweat buckets.
What is the percentage in London though?
They believe that they are superior in all aspect..., and that their countries are being overtaken by these primitive savages? I don't understand that contradiction.
Practical-minded practices are like laying down a towel before sitting on a public bench to not transfer fecal matter. What practical reason is there for hiding a natural spontaneous erection?
I agree. Once you see that immigrants are just people trying to find a better live, it's hard to spout hate at them.
I occasionally one shot a beast with mechablast rocket, then act surprised that I was able to loot anything useful from it.
I disagree. Languages can be changed forcefully, if the desire behind it is strong enough. What gives me hope is the recent addition of a new word in English, santorum. (Disclaimer: I don't have any stand in that matter, only interested in the process of getting the word out.) What I hope to see is a movement by all German esperantists to introduce something like 'dojcxo' to mean Germany. If they can push out enough literature, change all of eo.wikipedia and use it in conversation, I believe that the change can be made.
Apparently a land like the Sahara can support that population. Wikipedia puts the population of the [Tuareg prople](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tuareg_people) at 1.2 million, and the 3-fold land is way bigger than the extent of the Tuareg people I think. They mainly inhabit across interior Sahara. EDIT: Granted, today's Tuareg probably buy food from coastal cities, I don't know...
Like it or not, Microsoft, Apple and Android are the trendsetters in this field. As of June 2015, "modern" means a flat design with two or three bright colors, no grays, and simple silhouette icons. XFCE is about ten years behind I think.
When live gives you a hole in the wall, you make a door.
I figured it out. Replace 'thus' with 'this'.
The portuguese, as always. The portuguese word for France is Franca (sorry for spelling), but the language, people and adjective form is frances. From there, it's just the usual Austronesian vowel and consonant transformations. F becomes p, double consonants have a schwa inserted between them, and c and e is morphed.
Does he actually believe that those are respectable sites, or is he aware of OP's bullshit and is cryptically conveying it by suggesting those sites to him? I seriously can't tell.
Vorto de Mormont-Domo: Cxi tie mi staras.
Reading the title, I assumed it's from fakemalaysiannews.com
Thank god we know at least ONE thing that jet fuel can't do.
I am actually impressed. I can't come up with half of that even if I were to try really hard.
Rare because there aren't that many living channellers anyway. With the surge of new recruit, that would be subject to change. Furthermore, policing is definitely needed to stop the kind of harmful experimentation that Semirhage was doing.
Shirene is still alive in the book.
You should keep your job in a safe then. If you're parading it around, you're just asking to be robbed.
Could be his luck at work there. Though at that point in the series I feel like you could cast a net at a busy intersection and catch a darkfriend everytime.
You actually made the trollocs look cute... They look like furries.
Reddit has more than a hundred million users. (That needs clarification. I think it's unique visitors not user accounts, but not sure.)
Yeah, it's like that where I'm from. When I went to mainland US, it weirded me out that it rains only when a front passes over.
And the company is supposed to repair and maintain the fleet. Fuck, that's a really good deal.
I strived to maintain 100% uptime on movement, just to piss off the clothies.
She's the freaking Amyrlin during the Last Battle. That's like, the fourth most important and most heavy role behind the three Taverrens. If you want to excuse Rand for being the Dragon, you should excuse Egwene for being Amyrlin.
Sorry non-american here. What's the difference between Nebraska and Wyoming?
I think that was a shower head.
Ellaria is secretly an Aes Sedai.
Is a pound of wheat equal to a pound of lettuce? One you need to eat in bulk to supply energy, the other you need to eat only a little to supply all the vitamins and minerals you need. If two pound of water yields one pound of wheat but only half a pound of lettuce, which is more "efficient"?
Let it flow to the ocean?
They don't have to side with Dorne. Highgarden is completely self-sufficient in all aspects, and gaining Sunspear's favor gives little benefit to them. As long as they can keep their heirs alive under the sept, KL can burn for all they care.
Then she'll use that army of the world's best light cavalry to launch a naval assault on King's Landing. Unsullied 2.0
&gt; Separating out the AsyncTask would mean somehow passing everything I need to the AsyncTask, which makes no sense No, that makes all the sense in the world. Make the AsyncTask into its own class, give it a proper name that indicates what it does, then pass in all the data it need through the constructor. Pass in the reference to the TextView through the constructor as well. Why do you think that's a bad idea? \* passing a reference to a View to AsyncTask might cause trouble, so hopefully your Task is shortlived. Otherwise, use something else.
They were stoic, not emotionless. Maybe you just read their faces differently from me, I don't know. They were doing their duty, no different than when they patrol the wall or when they scrub the floor. Just doing their job. For the Watch. Nothing personal.
Yeah, until you end up with a 2000 line file. Different people have different style I guess, but I believe in breaking up the procedure into logically independent parts. Whether I use the method or class anywhere else doesn't matter at all.
So tell us, are you a sociopathic jihadist lizardian atheist paedo trans furry, or do you order steak well-done?
Dance was released 4 years ago, so for book readers it's not "too soon"
I don't know about that. Outside on a warm day, your skin can be pretty conductive.
The regulators do a fine enough job of making sure the information is out there. The workers on the other hand, it's a case of you don't know what you don't know. I don't want to demean them, but the kind of people who work in places that uses those chemicals, well, you know... People WILL protest if the government requires every janitor to take a two weeks course on industrial chemicals to get a license, so what can we do?
It makes sense only if your native language uses the same convention. Otherwise, 'Chu' and 'Cxu' are fairly equal, with the x-system having the advantage of preserving Esperanto's one-letter-one-sound principle. As it turns out the h-system lines up well with English's usage of the ch and sh double consonants. If it "makes sense" to you, that may be why. You know what's the most important goal of Esperanto that lead to its creation? To be a tool that allows everybody to speak on the same level. So we have two systems, one makes sense in the context of Esperanto in general, the other makes sense only to native English speakers. I hope you understand now why we should choose one over the other.
Why swap numbers like that? It doesn't require you to allocate a `temp`. There's probably some niche reason for that, maybe you're working on an 80's computer that has 8 bytes of memory, I don't know.
Hunter would still make more sense than warrior, what with their engineered guns an all.
Do Forsakens still have a functioning digestive system? I imagine the brews and teas would just leak out as soon as they're chugged.
Hey, there was that change to the layout some time ago. That caused some stir.
You are correct in that "noon" would be at midnight during winter, because when the earth goes halfway through its orbit, it is also going through a half rotation (12 hours approximately). The key that you're missing here is that humans are not stupid. The second key is that the tilt doesn't happen in an instant, rather the sun's track through the sky shift slowly over 6 months. What's happening is that we cleverly defined a period of one day to not be exactly one rotation of the earth around its axis, but slightly longer (or shorter, doesn't matter), such that after 6 months that difference of 12 hours is compensated for, and the sun shines brightly overhead at 12 noon on the clock.
Jew crime: we must take all of their money.
I'm just laughing here because to most people, your sentence is completely gibberish. =D
You can learn to throw the knife to kill a deer too.
