okay I will do that in conjunction with strengthening
I don't think on this meta ezreal is that easy to play. I always hear how bad people think about the champ because they get a lot of shotty ezreals in their games. Maybe he has a sorta higher skillcap than regular auto arrack champions. But someone with more in depth knowledge would have a better informed opinion
yarrr wait no thats gp mb
then older worn down shen comes back with a mechanical....sword?
dude those death sounds are a little too "chokey" for me. the other lines sound pretty naice tho. maybe the "ugliness" of death is contrasted with his supposed "beauty" of death that he sees. also im bs'ing. will def get this champ nj
holy fuck this joke/pic has been overdone and it's still getting upvotes...the madness reddit
different abilities
hi do you know if his movement animation when he crits/gains ms is buggy? he seems to just power walk vs actually run like I see in the lolking model viewer. not sure if he is actually intended to walk faster or run
to the top with you
I found this thread on the MCU timeline, don't know if it is "valid": http://www.thecomicboard.com/forum/showthread.php?13339-Marvel-Cinematic-Universe-Timeline I'm not sure if you have seen it before, but could you attest to its validity by a quick glance?
thank
wow stop being so inconsiderate you fuckin jerk. this kid has cancer and all you ccare about is upholding your precious reddit policies. boo hoo look at me complain wah. also this (/s)
Yes, i agree. People who would spam this shit regularly do not take offense and would otherwise enjoy justifying their "opinions". It is unfortunate that they exhibit these opinions in the form of mindless spam and memes though
it doesn't matter if she can read hundreds of these comments and not take offense. the problem comes from people saying them and putting them out there in the first place.
that is so fucking rad.
if you are saying they are discussing a blade show with wesley snipes that has not been confirmed anywhere.
Yes until we get a tweet from official netflix accounts/marvel (like JJ) or from the marvel website, just rumors
I really don't know about this. Usually i am a veery bad critic when it comes to anything I consume through shows/books. My bias towards liking disallows me from objectively viewing how good or bad it is. From the thread on /r/all, it seems a LOT of people did not like it. This could mean that the audience that did enjoy it is mostly not composed of redditors, but I still feel it is significant. There were many problems they picked out that I didn't notice before, which worries me
worth
and mine
At the end of Thor 2 Sif and the other guy in Thor's team deliver the Aether in a containment device to the collector. It's a post credit scene. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbtJZx-ShOE
well if you're hydra then dw
this city
If marvel were to pull any shit like that I would actually lose a huge admiration for Feige for not having the balls to coordinate Studios with TV better. I will also just lose faith in general
I always forgot to use the active anyways or forgot to buy it justbronzethings
this seriously reminded me more of batman than anything else. just shorter ears and different eyes
good im glad
lol that's great
wtf
This is really hard for me because the major reason I finally changed was after a very violent set of images/videos from the food industry. Sometimes I am stupid and think that meat eaters are murderers. Just random thoughts that don't let me just accept my decision without caring how other people act. On the one hand, I would love it if there were more vegetarians simply because of the animal sacrifice. However, I know some people can't because of very complicated reasons. Overall, I think because I was guilt-tripped (?) into it, I need to do it for others to. Still trying to get over that hump I guess.
I think the OP basically has the same idea about accordance with consistency.
Lol
Place is a rea circljerk
We just care about the law. That's it
They're pan flutes Marie!
Which ones aren't
I'm Ron bergundy?
Jrk uutinheynns
Hello can you respond to itscalamani
Sorry this was sarcasm for anyone who missed it like me
Hey there is worse stuff out there buddy
They will have to cover a lot of time then. Because it will have been a while since aou
He doesn't seem like a like able character
U snigle
Thank mr cena
Nice
Dam
V N
What the fuck is a frogger?
We are either too lazy to want to socialize more or too scared to try because of our inexperience. It's like wanting so bad to drive around and go out in a car but feeing afraid to get behind the wheel because you might steer the wrong way, etc.
