I have no fucks to give even to myself. Just got home from work. Tomorrow, on the other hand (haha, *on the other hand*)
I lived in a room for about three years in a rooming house. You have to eat, watch TV, read, EVERYTHING on the bed. It's rough, and I feel you.
Just chiming in: my great Uncle Howard Knox married Christina Jorgensen, the very first MTF transsexual. Just an interesting tidbit. Carry on!
I love that description, I just read it out loud to my roommate. He and I do not share the same sense of humor :(
My bedroom has a stove in it.
It takes forever to cook a baked potato in a conventional oven. Sometimes I'll just throw one in there, even if I don't want one, because by the time it's done....who knows?
LOL. High profile.
Good thing you said that, it bugged me too. :D
Just toss it in the dryer to get off the... oh wait. Nevermind.
I could knit you all a fine pair of mittens! [Here is my stash.](http://imgur.com/hmXGwK6) A dog and two cats, over 4 years worth :D
I read that in Stewie's voice.
Dude I went to high school with makes hot sauce, check it out! http://www.hellfirehotsauce.com/
A quick posh on the dupa when he eats your kluski.
I never thought about that, it's not my house and the owner is extremely lazy...but he's usually really anal about safety. I'll bag and toss it today when I get home. Thanks for the heads-up!
It's in the basement so out of sight, out of mind :( As GenocideSolution pointed out, it's also an issue of safety, so it's on me to bag and trash it when I get home. Glad I posted it in retrospect.
You gotta score before you can snort.
That was the strangest sneeze I ever heard.
You know how many people DON'T know about reddit? I just started on last fall, and had only heard of it before. It seems once you start getting into it, you think everyone just *knows.* I think it would be fun to meet a fellow redditor at random, myself. I would think you could learn a lot about someone's interests and their sense of humor (or lack thereof) by using reddit as a conversation topic.
I was waiting for Chaos, instead I found Obvious.
You lucky limey bastard, no offense :D
So then... why do you have it? I really want to know!
I like your long hair! Tall, too...nice :) ^also ^your ^username
Now there's a drone I can get behind.
When I heard someone from Oklahoma say they were Midwest, we had an argument. Born and raised IL/WI, and "Midwest" has always been WI, IL, IN, OH, and IA (Maybe MO, but we don't really like to talk about that, poor Misery). MN, ND and MI are Upper Midwest. Then the Great Plains states, Texas (it's own thing), etc. etc. I have always lived within 10 miles of Lake Michigan (except for AR/OK for a stretch) so yeah, not too much thought about where the water comes from - I always knew.
First character I saw in the picture when I opened it. Good call mate.
Snoopy Come Home! *♫ 🎶 Snoo-ooo-ooopy come home, come home 🎶 ♫* I owned that soundtrack. But then again, later in life, I also owned [this gem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWRWYYt47RI). I also owned [this soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nguB6wLxicU), i suggest you watch this movie, it made me cry just like Snoopy Come Home. Edit: Wish I would have cherished the things I had, both from childhood and beyond. You don't know what you had until it's gone.
Ten pounds of buffalo steak! Edit, because I do remember some reference: "Snoopy's desert-dwelling brother Spike was like this initially. The first time he appeared, he woke up after traveling a long time, and Snoopy announced, "Eggs benedict for my brother Spike!" To which Lucy replied, "Better make that ten pounds of buffalo steak" before he was actually seen. (In later stories, Spike was simply thin.)" From TVTropes board when I looked it up.
Take me back with you, on my way to Barstow.
Like Wilson on Tool Time.
I remember too, I had one that was Pooh Bear in a tree eating honey and it was the most glorious golden scene. Now, do any of you remember [these?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YE1uitXjwqY)
Oh yeah, Tool Time was the show that Tim did, and Home Improvement was the show that showed how Tim made the show, and raised a family, with the help a sage neighbor, named appropriately enough, Wilson. I'm high, so let's take this further. Wilson's entire existence was to give a passive and profound vocal foil to the inner goofball dialogue we all express in our bid to understand the world and the people who live alongside us. Represented as a friendly neighbor or as a volleyball, the wall in which we bounce ideas off of is just as important as the projectiles we choose to lob. Again, I am so fucking high right now. Yep, that's staying as-is.
Couldn't he get a judgment against her now that will be in force and effect for 10 years? So if she does sell the mattress, puts her porno behind a paywall or writes a book in that time, he can still get his cash from her? That's how most civil judgments work as far as I know. I did collections for a year for an agency under contract for a large hospital in the South, where may people were poor. One of our tasks was to determine what assets they had and place liens against property, vehicles, bank accounts, etc. Their in-house attorneys would get judgments so they could garnish wages and collect on sold assets, or even going after their "estates" once they kicked the bucket (nothing like expensive hospital charges and and the stress of constant calls and legal actions to keep you healthy! /s). I hated that job, but I learned a lot.
I said the exact same thing to my roommate last night. Huh. We all know that timing is everything, just like on reddit :D
Oklahoma has Sinclair gas stations that sell non-ethanol gas AND it has Taco Bueno. That's about all I can say regarding Oklahoma's good points. (I lived outside of Claremore, off 66 between Claremore and Chelsea.)
My gramma knitted it so I have to wear it, but tbh I think it's offal.
Um, yeah it is, when you're getting it basically all at once. Did a rather potent shot once that had me flopping like a fish on my bed. Pearl shale, I think I busted off an eighth-gram chunk and shot it. Crossed my eyes and fell out. Glad I left that shit behind a long time ago.
That's why I was always Team Count Chocula. Goes in the same color as it goes out.
I lived there years ago, and didn't even know about MTBE. Thanks for your informative response :)
I came to this sub just today for the first time, and this is exactly what I was looking for. PERFECT.
I have to go update my blog...
One is always the "settler".
I, like, just want to administratively assist in things, man. That question is way above my pay grade.
http://imgur.com/TZ0i6fk
It was an awesome experience and I enjoyed myself immensely! Thank you, /u/powerlanguage !!
I bow to the glory of the Pressiah! Sitewide flair for the Chosen One!
Ganon. Only sure arrows can possibly take down Ganon. ^if ^I ^remember ^correctly.
Should have just tossed a tennis ball in there to see if it came out covered in otherworldly goo.
That one was awesome. The pics really helped to seal the deal in the "authenticity" department.
OOh my boyfriend just pointed that out! He loves Chevy and I had to show him this.
&gt; While we do not always agree with the content and views expressed on the site, we do protect the right of people to express their views and encourage actual conversations... &gt; We’re banning behavior, not ideas. How patently untrue. Unless you can prove one IP address is the source for out-of-site harassment or doxxing, you are censoring. What next, Coontown? Sexyabortions? This is absurd, and the bell tolls for reddit. If you disagree with the sub, fine, don't visit. Trigger warnings are for assholes.
