Do this for yourself. Then teach your kids to do this for themselves.
So
A needle pulling thread.
I think that archeologists in the future will know how to click the link and read.
Not too many beaches here. ;)
While the statement is not incorrect, it is misleading by implying that it is unique to bald eagles. Other birds do this too.
Hippocryt - you voted for Obama without seeing his ;)
Just a little more patience is required
I believe that in winter months ceiling fans should spin one way, and in summer months the other way around. In the southern hemisphere it's just the opposite.
Just be certain to use the correct amount of spice - it can be lethal when done incorrectly.
Was subtly implying that you change the direction in winter months, but winter is in different months depending on your hemisphere.
Thanks for pointing that out /s
Photographer - insisted nobody else takes ANY pictures during the ceremony, including pointing fingers in guests faces to get them to stop.
I'm trying to make a reasonable decision about this topic, but I can't help wondering how many lobbyists are posting in this thread (and do I trust their statements to help guide my opinion?)
Nothing. Doing something to make you feel cool is a false sense of coolness - it's an attempt to fit in. Be who you are, respect yourself, and if others don't accept you that way, then find new friends.
Difficult to get born this way.
To fit into my skinny jeans.
&gt; cougars You talking about his wife?
It's so hot.!
Bowel
Now I have another reason to travel across the pond.
You out there feeding Ogopogo?
Cats in the cradle - Harry Chapin
Great igredients.
Regularly. Dreams are a time travel mechanism - pay attention to them so you can be adequately prepared. Distinguishing time travel dreams from the soap operas and cartoons is the real challenge. Edit: how else do you explain deja vu?
PSA - should be done by OP
I started reading that on a recent south west flight (free to read from their in flight library over wifi). Very interesting book, about to get that from my local library.
Tallahassee
Nice, his website still says 145. "Homes for the Holidays (HFTH) has made homeownership more affordable for 145 single parents and over 380 dependents since 1997."
Wonderful!
If Cozumel is your port please be aware that you'll need to take a ferry to the mainland and back. If your tour gets delayed for whatever reason and you don't get back on time, on a private tour there is a great risk of getting left behind by the cruise line. There was a recent nightmare of a story on here by a couple of what it ended up costing them. It's a gamble. Edit: link: https://m.reddit.com/r/Cruise/comments/3vsy9u/cruise_left_without_us_we_did_everything_we_could/
That's in poor taste.
Well done
Call Jack Bauer and tell him, "they are at it again"
Consistency in discipline and rewards. Edit: note that this helps to raise good children, but not so good adults.
CAG picked up ref whistle - really loud.
Reply, thanks, I don't do chemistry anymore (obviously, maybe this is why)
The wide ones are more widely used (like your mother).
Just as long as you know the real word is plumbum.
You have a fixation. At least it's hard as rock.
No, bulldogs get cuter when they are angry. Definitely bulldogs here.
100 pennies. Edit: (USA) but you need to buy them at a place that deals in bulk.
Say nothing, only do this: https://33.media.tumblr.com/068a1bfef9307bf0f4a2b9e427783c9b/tumblr_inline_n39bvlQ8fu1sy58sb.gif
I don't know for certain, but I think you are asking the wrong crowd if they've heard of reddit or not.
Get out of the house and get some excercise.
By caring about the customer, and looking at the job function from the manager's and owner's perspective.
By running it through the card reader.
Popcorn, reheat, and hot pocket (because hot pockets are NEVER the right temperature for me)
Then stop reading it. You must be in the market of giving advice - the truth hurts.
The window treatment industry. You know, blinds, curtains, and shades.
