But that's not the same as saying all languages don't exist.
Yes, I believe so.
There may be trends by gender or ethnicity whereby due to genetic reasons, different levels of skill or attainment may be seen. This still does not replace individual engagement and observation, but saying something like "ethnicity A is often better than ethnicity B at task C" is not by itself necessarily a meritless assertion.
That's a good point.
My understanding is that compact discs had audio mostly in .wav formats. Sound recorder might be able to help.
I think I'll be in the same country as him over the weekend. I intend to cook us some medium rare steaks and olive oil salad, and then to play a game of Chinese encircle chess against him.
"So I'm thirty five, which means that it's my turn to define my grown up behavior. Now help me get these Peeps into the microwave."
If mockery and abuse are your primary method of peer interaction, I will be looking for reasons not to hang out with you. And your counterargument that "this is just how all guys interact in America" is both demonstrably false and philosophically invalid in its expectation that others passively accept this behavior.
I've only ever seen bad movies with him in them. Maybe I should check out his good work.
I thought about something very similar at the end of Independence Day.
Sounds a bit like a super shady place my friend wandered into. She was told to report them and didn't. I'll PM you.
If World War 2 followed the experience I had with Half Life 2, it would be technologically superior to its precursor, but it would feature a clutter of unengaging personalities, it would assume a lengthy tedious backstory I neither understood nor care about, and I would lose interest halfway through against an apparently insurmountable enemy challenge. And everybody else would not understand my lack of interest in it.
...yeah, sounds about right.
One Slavic lady I dated years ago ran into me on the subway recently. I'd actually seen her around a fair bit, but we broke up fairly negatively and she stopped all contact. Because I wanted to respect that, I didn't acknowledge her. One such time she ended up sitting beside me and she got up and changed seats to move away from me. That kind of surprised me. In around March of this year, I was on the subway and I heard a "hello there stranger". I looked over and it was her, with her hair color changed and also thinner. I gave her a compliment on her appearance and said it was nice to see her again, which was both true. We game together occasionally now. She has a boyfriend and I introduced him to the game Chez Geek. They're both fun people and I'm glad to be on friendly terms with them again.
Heh heh... Try again, kid...
Cingular wireless. But they've been split up anyway.
The Thrawn trilogy was amazing. But I found myself rooting much more for Thrawn than for Iblis, Winter, Karrde, or any of the other newly introduced "good guy" characters.
I played the Bioshock games in order of release. I played BS1 when it first came out, then I fell out of touch with the series for a bit. By the time BSI came out, I decided I should catch up and play BS2 first, then Infinite. BS1 and BS2 are great games and I would recommend them to almost anyone. BSI is... different. There's something about it that I'm just not getting into. Part of it could be the level design, which is actually rather linear even though the levels look cosmetically "wide open". Part of it could be the limited vigors and even more straightforward shoot-and-kill gameplay. I found the entire game so far to veer wildly between extremely easy and "multiple deaths before you even figure out the level's geometry" difficult. Most grunt battles are insignificant and tedious. Most boss battles appear to require at least one death just to figure out the parameters. After a few unavoidable resurrection cutscenes, you're back in the fray again. After a few more, Bioshock Infinite throws in a smug little message about how you can change the difficulty at any time. I nearly lost all forward momentum through the game during a Giant Black Dude boss battle. Later, I'm at Lady Comstock's ghost and I've gotten stuck. I can't stay alive long enough to figure out the fight's tactics for myself, and I don't care enough about the alternate-history background, or the riddle of the Bird Statue, or the mystery of Lady Comstock's uterus to keep plugging away at the same boss battle. Comstock's voice actor is especially grating. How this game, and not the first or second, is the best-known title of the series is a mystery to me. Probably because tits.
Another party's over...
RTS: Rise Of Nations Flight sim: TIE Fighter CD TBS: Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri FPS (action): System Shock 2, Deus Ex FPS (stealth): Thief: the Dark Project RPG: The Return of Heracles
I don't listen to live radio or watch current TV these days, so most of my music intake is from Pandora. I like Downtempo music, as well as ambient techno like Time Is Up, Deuter, and Buddha Bar. In terms of composition and musicianship, I love Queen's music. I could listen to the Royal Philharmonic's cover of Innuendo for hours.
My understanding is that China is specifically excluded, and the TPP is part of the "Great Game" in global trade between the USA and PRC. I don't remember where I read it, but there was an indepth analysis of China's outreach to nations around the Pacific Rim, and the pattern suggests that China was aiming to counteract and contain the U.S. gains from the TPP - which would not be indicated if the PRC were part of the talks to begin with. IRL IDK though. The TPP is hardly transparent.
Fair enough - my point being that the TPP does not include China.
Goddammit, Ambassador!
The end of About Schmidt, when Jack Nicholson's character gets the letter back from Africa.
A priest is playing golf with a sailor. The sailor uses salty language each time he misses. "Goddammit, I missed!" The priest warns him not to curse in God's name. The sailor misses again. "Goddammit I missed!" The priest cautions him again. The sailor misses a third time. "Goddammit I missed!" The skies open up and the hand of God casts down a bolt of furious vengeance which completely obliterates... the priest. The sailor looks up into the sky. A booming voice from heaven says "Goddammit, I missed!"
Robert Frazier, the Golden Bough. The ur-example of anthropological comparative study of religions. Frazier was blacklisted for including Christianity (then seen as scientific fact) in his survey.
It has to be done in a certain way. Having a woman as a friend, who likes your jokes and and has a good time hanging out with you, is cool. Having a woman as a friend who is super close, or too obviously a great match, or conversely too obviously pimping him out to other women, is creepy and transparent.
Don't be so disheartened that things won't get better. Of course they will. Your friends won't think so, but that's because they're British. In the future you will pick up and master wonderful hobbies. You will make things happen through your hard work and gumption. You will change career paths, go back to school, graduate from your third degree, and then secure a wonderful job in a foreign land with a fantastic woman who is there with you. Not in Britain. You'll do well. You'll do whatever the hell you want to. You won't do it in Britain. Oh, and ask out Roz while you're at it. She's smart and funny and cleans up nicely, and she likes you and you like her and it doesn't matter what the other tossers would say or jeer. She will develop an eating disorder later on and I wonder if she'd turn out differently with the confidence boost that comes of a good relationship. Stay away from people whose only skill is wisecracking, even if it makes them super popular.
MMDDYYYY :eye-twitch:
It looks like the expensive place in the Hampdens where Louis CK got roped into a charity show by Seinfeld.
I love gluten. The Chinese do a very yummy meat substitute that's made from wheat gluten and it is super tasty, soaking up all the sauce it's cooked in. All the more for me!
I was 18 and walked six miles in darkness to see a cathedral with my childhood friends.
Whores d'oeuvres?
Yeah, if you go round putting your watermark on stuff, how would another redditor repost it for karma?
Bioshock Infinite: limited weapon loadout, uninteresting plot and linear setting, too easy mook battles and too hard boss battles. I ran out of money for respawns at the graveyard battle and I ran out of interest at the same time. Wargame Red Dragon: no tutorial, designers expect you to have played the first two games, newcomers need mentoring by experienced gamers to get into the basics. The most frustrating game I've ever played. I'm not new to military RTS games (favorite being Rise of Nations) but when your Steam counter shows eight hours spent in game and you still can't figure out why you're winning and losing, there's something wrong with the game's accessibility. Half Life 2: not a bad game, but I don't understand the hype. It's got some limited NPC interaction, some vehicle sequences, and otherwise is a basic shooter with platforming elements. I got up to the lawn tunnel tripods bit and died several times and lost interest. Might have been groundbreaking on release, but now there's nothing special about it to make it must-play gaming.
I hear you on Bioshock Infinite. Oddly, I initially felt negatively towards Dishonored, because of the cliche opening plot. But by the time I played a few hours in, I was hooked. I loved Thief the Dark Project back in the day, and this game was a worthy heir.
Gimme Ursula Andress every time.
Just ordered the original Pokemon Blue and Red for Game Boy. Hoping to use them to trigger the Mew Glitch and get all 151 Pokemon! (I'm about halfway through playing Pokemon Yellow on my N64 via Game Boy Transfer Pak.)
State or country.
In 2000, the Nintendo road show did actually come to my country in Europe and I rode the train down to the truck and got a Mew for my then-girlfriend. Unfortunately I then taught it Fly which she was annoyed about. :/
Cool!
My mom is a Muslim. She doesn't practice very strictly, but her one rule is: don't eat pork in the house. She went to the hospital to give birth to my brother, and my dad brought home this new type of food called "bacon"...
[This thread in the Steam Community](http://steamcommunity.com/app/287450/discussions/0/540744474973293679/) may have some useful info. I recall I had this problem too, but I fixed it and I don't remember how.
The old Johnson and Johnson Baby Shampoo fragrance. It's been discontinued for years in the U.S. I only ever encounter it on my trips abroad and it smells like childhood and innocence and my mother's mild annoyance at having to clean up the bathwater splashes on the floor.
In my city, Guangzhou, there is a skyscraper nicknamed the Electric Razor because of its shape, and it actually captures and converts enough wind energy to be self supporting off the grid. It was originally designed to give back excess electricity to the power grid, but ultimately because the grid is an inflexible state owned enterprise, it wouldn't accept the electricity generated and they scrapped that idea.
German tankers and infantry were amazed to discover, in the aftermath of many hard fought battles during Operation Barbarossa, that the fierce Soviet resistance included many female soldiers, especially snipers, who fought in inhuman conditions with meager supplies against overwhelming numerical odds.
I did this in 2010 and never looked back. I store the archive on Google Drive and I can access it from any computer. It has a thirty seven letter long master password that doesn't feature any dictionary terms, so I'm happy about its security. The importance of saving it in cloud lies in the fact that I can update or change passwords and have it remain consistent across computers, which would not be the case if I saved it locally.
Enjoyed it overall, though it cemented my outsider inclinations for a bit. The school was one of Britain's top feeder schools for pro sports. It was also a Christian boarding school. I had no interest in religion or sports. Luckily the teachers were conscientious and I was a good student. I got good grades and I found some sports I enjoyed (though low profile and thus useless for the school's achievement boards). I made some friends through humour, DnD, and fencing and judo and they've become fast friends. (I just went to the wedding of one in London, flying all the way from China to do so, in honor of twenty five years of friendship.) I didn't date, but that was okay because it was a mostly boy's school (five to one gender ratio) and the girls weren't really the type that is conducive to healthy relationships, perhaps through no fault of their own but based on the environment alone. I had a good teacher who encouraged me to think for myself and to be skeptical of assertions and of authority. Basically, I think of high school as college come five years early: I learned to be independent, I met some good folks in the niches, and I accepted that I didn't have much in common with the mainstream. I actually became a lot more mainstream as an adult, at least socially.
For a couple of weeks, I was the top scorer worldwide on the Wii Rock Band 3 leaderboards for several Queen songs.
