Stay away form the wall Dany! Don't walk toward the light!
Or just use a better jig: https://youtu.be/daOZIKsHBAQ?t=56
because religion
Prank gone horribly wrong(56k no)
Hey I live in WA too but western. I drove 6 hours to record that and it was totally worth it.
I agree but there are some people who really know the truth but just refuse to accept it since it's not what they want to be true. Most modern christians are this way since very few follow the bible to the point that a person who believes it to be the word of a god would. Aaron Ra has a great quote something like this: "The problem is not what people don't know it's what they WON'T know."
Mr. Bean goes to the movies https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aIfMX7FBbI
Don't mess with Dogmeat. He'll bite your legs off. http://i.imgur.com/4BSk0pL.png
Everything really. I don't want a person with the ability to order a world war thinking there is an afterlife.
I do. It's a small sign of progress in this country. Baby steps.
TIL a subnet is also an actual net that catches subs.
If you think about it we have seen forms of necromancy on both sides. http://i.imgur.com/kMlIPqF.jpg
Corn! Corn! Corn!
Designer: Doh! I knew we were forgetting something.
He just tripled that 2 hours later. Nice to see something good came out of this.
http://www.saleemacademy.com/ Just following in the footsteps of his prophet: "The majority of traditional hadith sources state that Aisha was married to Muhammad at the age of six or seven, but she stayed in her parents' home until the age of nine, or ten according to Ibn Hisham,[11] when the marriage was consummated with Muhammad, then 53, in Medina."
I have that model they are pretty rock solid. There is a camera that points down just to help it maintain position. You can literally grab it by the landing gear, pull on it, let it go, and it will return to it's position like nothing happened. (unless of course you hit a prop)
Who's supposed to be rowing? I don't know not me!.. Me either!.. I rowed last time!
Goth Washington does not row.
Insurance for remote controlled aircraft must be a terrible business even with a $150 deductible it seems like they would lose money. In the US you can get AMA insurance with membership but it only covers damages to others not your craft.
Anyone know where to find high rez versions of this?
What is dead may never die
Ill stick with "Never even think about entering a conservative islamic country for any reason."
you are my daughter.. and because of that I will keep you close in case we run into trouble and need a human sacrifice.
Corn!
That's what gets me about it. He doesn't even know what help if any they will get from this sacrifice.
Sorry man no wheelchair access to the Red Keep.
Row, row, row his boat
[PTSD triggered](http://i.imgur.com/lBfr4pq.jpg)
Wow living evidence of a transitional species. How is evolution still not accepted by some people?
3rd gen is best gen. Nice one!
Only $59 on sale. What a bargain!
Was almost the Freddy Kruger effect
Wild Wasteland perk probably
I don't know let me google it.
It's been recreated scientifically and proven to be possible. You just do not accept that because it goes against the conspiracy. http://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/design/a3524/4278874/
It's because you are wrong about it sustaining no damage. http://www.debunking911.com/pull.htm
seeee... SEEEEEE!!!!
Well if he was going for the 'burn victim' effect it's quite good.
..and working on the sabbath, allowing women to speak in church, murdering children for insulting elders, forcing women to marry their rapists as long as he pays the father, etc.. A christian saying this is like enabling god mode for an atheist in a debate. So much crazy to choose from.
George Lucas at one point thought the holiday special was a good idea.
I redid it from the patent images without the watermark. http://i.imgur.com/9NxDE9J.jpg
Cmon you bastards forget Snow vote for Egg!
I think Varys sent the necklace and maybe we will get the epilogue scene from a dance with dragons as the final scene. "You were threatening to undo all of the queens good work"
After all he is known for his honesty with Dany..
What is with Americans... Here in the UK /circlejerk on
I come here to see what the latest evidence for theism is. If someone finally appears with any I will gladly switch my beliefs. I honestly wish there was something after death but my brain will not accept it without evidence. And no the christian bible is not evidence proving itself to be true.
Literally!
&gt; Mance wasn't being burned for a magical spell to help the army Why the hell not both? Everything it set up perfect Mel is even there to light em up. The only logic I can come up with is they were over confident at that point that they were going to crush the Boltons and didn't think it was needed. Shoulda paid heed to the Starks repeated warning... Winter came
AJ Rimmer would be proud.
