And swearing when in pain helps you hurt less! *the more you know star flies by*
I'd cave in for a snake. I'm not 100% in love with snakes but they're cute enough I'd be willing to learn, esp if it was a smaller one like a corn snake.
The color morphs are a reason I brought up corn snakes, I was somewhere and saw an exhibit with like 15 different colors and they were all so pretty! I didn't know some of the colors even existed. I like the idea of a pet snake, I just haven't handled one enough to be comfortable with it yet.
Holy crap! Those are amazing, thank you :3
Awww little snek has tent made of silly green paper! Such a bright fellow &lt;3
Plot twist: dad comes back to haunt him/her from the grave, but only to mock them more
As a left-but-closer-to-middle-than-not person who is a government employee, she needs to go yesterday.
..... no. Do not want for that purpose. Other, nefarious things? maybe. That? no.
Yes it does. It can exist, so that people not of that time can look at it, and hopefully go: Back then, those people felt this way. But there are other ways to be, better ways to be. We have changed for the better, this art tells me that. If we destroy it all, if we erase all the hurtful words and ugly pictures that have ideas we don't like, how can the future look at the past and see this?
I don't want children and I can tell you that's child abuse. That's insane and torture to anything able to feel pain.
when I played, we were both. Is that evil? But I was almost always the one (no matter the class) that would get bored of talking and planning (everyone wanted to plan out things too much) and I would go wreck something or blast someone or sneak off or ... you get the point. I also tried to hug the wildlife a lot. It never worked out :&lt;
My barb would take out doors and keep going XD but he was a jumpy-chargy-axe-wielding maniac so that's to be expected.
The pro-natal 'pweashus buaybwee' crowd :s The younger you are, the more you can stand/sit on the floor at someone's house/ ect. I almost ripped my SiL a new one once because when I told her kids to get off the couch so I could sit down (there wasn't any more space to sit) she made my brother move over and had both of the kids come snuggle on the love seat with them so they didn't have to sit on our evil floor. That was clean. Gaaaaah /eyetwitch So instead they make the loveseat strain. I was going to say more but got the 'cut it out, no use' signal from my parents.
Op stating that they have Autism just helps to frame that they don't handle contact and conflict outside of their comfort zone well. It was information that was relevant to the story, as the kids violated OPs personal space.
Thank you, that's what I wanted to say but didn't have the information/facts to.
That's pretty hilarious. I unexpectedly laughed and now my coworkers are staring at me funny XD
Tom Cruise on Family Guy: You can't catch me gay thoughts! /runs away
This is going to sound odd but the thought of nice little old ladies enjoying the company of kittens is a beautiful thought. XD
World of Warcraft has its own site. Its a cesspool. And many of the community sites *can* be that way.
Sweet! I've wanted to do one but admittedly too lazy to chop it up in Photoshop. Now I don't have to &lt;3 Internet hugs!
the kid was hindering OP's ability to work somewhat, that's no good. Kids 'helping' shouldn't be making more work for people that aren't their parents/care takers/paid to deal with the mess.
ohhh I'm gonna try it your way, that sounds amazing.
Ahhh so cheesy good hahah
I think that qualifies as an instant 'kill me now please' scenario imo
Oh well in that case, theorize on XD
And to you as well, lol!
Its less tit for tat and more a balance of give and take, imo. If one person is always taking from the other, that's a bad relationship because the giver gets nothing out of it. Time, money, and emotions are precious commodities, and if I'm going to invest them in you, I expect to have a return on my investment. I'm actually in the process of ghosting out on a one sided friendship. Well, there was generosity with money but everything had to be at this other person's house, their way and there was no room for compromise, and my emotions were discarded. That's a bad friendship to me, so I'm not gonna put up with it anymore.
You see their boob, they give you a tattoo. Is that what your looking for? Incase your legit asking, tit for tat is a saying that's basically like "I'll give you a thing but you also give me a different thing in return."
I haven't yet but these two are having me on the edge of such.
I see a lot of hateful comments about tumblerinas and such as that. YMMV
I voted dem that day. I was out voted : /
'think of the children' probably got this man killed when we don't even know what his deal was. That's a scary attitude.
It was highly likely a false positive. There's probably a lot of substances that trick the scanner.
I have flown. Screw pat downs that feel like sexual assault. There's more efficient and effective uses of MY tax money to combat security issues over whats currently used.
'Grope those other people just not us!' Asshole.
It is. Running from the cops is dumb. Fighting the cops is dumb. But there were more of them than him, he only had the vest and the air soft gun, and there was no way he did anything remotely justifying deadly force. I added my edit after reading the article more to show that I had read it and not just commenting on the headline. Either way, this is pathetic on the cops part. Man broke a couple laws, but nothing they shoulda been 'fearing their lives' about.
Blizzard made the plague as part of the Lich King launch event. They then disabled it because of this. EDIT: I know I'm wrong, just didn't delete it b/c there's other comments now.
But no brain
Sorry for your loss. He looked very hot back in his day, and he had great tastes companions! I don't know if this photo encompasses the essence of your father to you, but overall its a lovely photo and regardless of if you use it or not, hang on to it. &lt;3 internet hugs for your difficult time.
He looks so fluffy and regal and .... I want to hug him lol.
Its mount floofleopolis!
Poor thing is sick (with illness not how it was born), I hope it gets better :&lt; I think the idea of using the dog as a therapy animal for trans-gendered persons is interesting but in the craze of trans-gendered persons, don't forget actual inter-sexed persons that do exist. Not that they're a persecuted or targeted group over anything else; but the dog could help them as well if used as a therapy animal. Edit: not sure why the downvotes? I can only guess 'craze of trans-gendered persons'. I am aware of the battles such folk face and support them some of them; it just seems because of Jenner a lot of good and bad attention has come to their issues as of late. Also seems like a hot topic thing along with gun violence/police, terrorists, and SJWs. Not my intent to offend.
The ag-gag laws disgust me. They got passed recently in NC, and I just hate it.
Its'all good /handshake
with certain preparation and cooking methods they would be but the average person wouldn't go to that effort/wouldn't know
its funny to watch people's reactions to realize that.
Did you go play kickball after 1.? Because I would be really tempted...
I didn't know about the Raleigh one. The more I know!
That's very upsetting to read. I used to drive through that area often to visit my grandmother in Danville, VA, and it always seemed to me that it was a shabby area in need of a facelift but I never realized it was that bad.
Could he be cremated, *then* his ashes put on a boat that is burned in a lake? Or is that also a nope?
