as a space sim for old space sim fans, integrity is already lost. Originally the claim was to not include the freelancer-style mouse control, fast forward a couple years and and we have it in. Like every space game to ever have it, it ruins balance.
And then they say "we'll fix it" without any sprcific discussion of how, and refusing the easiest solution (removing mouselancer mode, or seperation of aim&amp;flight,) yet they only have 7 months until sq42 is expected as a quality release. That freelancer mode was promised (in early wingman's hangar) to explicitly NOT be part of the game, how it snuck in really shits on the open development concept a lot more than not showing all the WIP assets
"pound for pound" sounds like price bracket (as in british pounds), the scythe was up in the connie/vangaurd/irredeemable price bracket, and shouldn't be on their level. or its weak because it can't equip gimballed guns which are OP as fuck. 8 missile hardpoints, 2 size 5 guns, and all that maneuvering thrust is very powerful for a fighter, remembering when the M50 was very competitive (and possibly OP) way back when, speed is effectively armor
Definitely. This is tragically a mouse game and the developers don't care about controls, they would rather focus on making being a space TV reporter a thing
Hell, The P51D that the mosquito sees can out run it while also carrying double the bomb weight Also lame, the 57mm version can't pop full pillboxes.
Xur gave me an exotic pair on Sunday They're actually briefs
My notes: * the base interior looked odd, the tunnels were extra high but the hangar was extra narrow compared to the movies and compared to pandemic's battlefronts * ATAT ride along was indeed a killstreak/powerup/limited time reward, one could see the health draining on its own, but topping up when the user killed rebels * usual DICE choreographed "moments" * the sounds and effects are good * I find the HUD is ugly * jetpacks EVERYWHERE. not sure that's good for map flow * walking around the ion cannon to get at the generator, REALLY? * orbital strikes while the shield generator is up? * luke, Y U NO PILOT OUTFIT? simply sloppy of DICE to not show a map-appropriate hero outfit. * flying around doesn't seem to have a timer though, might be decent as long as "ion torpedoes" are not a vehicle kit unlock, such a system would render the game irredeemable to me. This probably reads bitter, I should note that battlefront and battlefield 1942/2 were my favorite games of that era. battlefield 3 was rather disappointing, BF4 was lame. I expect a bad game, but still hope I'm wrong.
However that nerf to mice just made it awkward and annoying for its users and makes the game look like it favors joysticks. Automating gimballs (and unmanned turrets) with signature strength based tracking and accuracy would add depth and importance to stealth and emissions management, and then allow having a person in a gunner seat confir the advantages of mouse aim at a reasonable cost of a second person
mystery is what you do when you're afraid of reaction, because you fear you haven't done a good enough job.
'sledge commander' was a terrible example because it made fixed weapons complete downgrade, as the sledge is small enough to gimball on most mounts. it did mean that any input device had a chance if they get the jump on the opponent however. And that diminishing concept is simply incorrect as it ignores that a mouser can 'improve aim' as its purely the user getting used to their target's movement.The likes of darkstar one, X3 are proof enough that a longer TTK with freelancer-style mouse aim of gimballs means that even if the game technically supports a joystick, the gameplay itself becomes simply frustrating. ED does show that a long TTK isn't bad thing on its own, but that game is entirely saved by the fact that they don't have a mouselancer mode and they restrict movement in ways conducive to better gameplay, so that one can predict their target's movements
On that aspect I can only agree. Just a pity to me that a loathsome mechanic was the one to shine a light on the shoddy foundation
Wouldn't it be more efficient to make a space station that we can freely enter and exit? Inside and out combat tested together using an asset that would be useful in PU. I mean, the gold horizon station surely IS a prototype for a station in PU, surely? On a related note, the concept of SATAball sounds like I'd be competitive if it were between teams of 4, the 32 players seem very inappropriate here. Test larger player counts with battle for a space station
but don't worry, another CONCEPT SALE next week! Priorities.
You hope. But if there is one thing CIG is great at, its making us hope.
except the avenger was supposed to be able to go fast, just not handle as well as the 300 series.
And in both cases, rest of the world will be 'Really America, still using slaves?'
everything else around it has grown a few sizes, leaving the avenger relatively tiny
A+ post I'd just like to tangentially add that those that are seen as "whiners" are often that as a result of disappointment, for any number of reasons. It could be the controls and reluctance from CIG to admit there is a problem, it could be the delays, it could be the inefficient communication of what's going on, it could be that their specific shipfu is kept in the basement with written content about it hidden because it can't be bundled with pictures into a sales pitch (cough, avenger variants, cough, personal reason) likewise many that usually gave a lot of money are convinced that the project has to go right, and are willing to cut CIG as much slack as needed, that the ends will justify the means. both should take a step back and empathize with the other extreme, even if its tough when so much vitriol is spewed by both.
I guarantee that if arena commander was fly free for everything all the time, pay2win wouldn't have nearly the support it has. Ships bought were just thank-you's for the PU and hangar. It'd be silly to restrict alpha testing to just a user's pledge ship, the 1.1 spike in AC players is good proof of that, because no one really wanted to play after they tried their PU ship
That would be nice. However by the time it's out, a "good" PC might be one with the equivalent of a high end system today. I for one would of liked if CIG kept the original minimum spec target in mind (a GTX 460 as I recall), especially since renderer is apparently using the lion's share of frametime. PBR doesn't make it prettier enough to justify cost, IMO.
If we had a better idea what the scale of a star system is with regards to 'in game travel time' and how it relates to fuel capacity (we see carrier based ships with jump drives...that would imply pretty long range if you can go between star systems) it'd be easier to visualize the use of this kind of ship. Maybe it's for cruises through a system's various senic points of interest, a close fly by of the star, a weird moon, skimming a planet's ring and then after the ingame weekend it goes into port again for new passengers. I have been under the impression that star systems in SC are intended to be rather dense, with a couple dozen points of interest and landing zones. That one could spend most of their time happily doing a variety of stuff in one system.
My priority is more to make piloting less descent HD than to justify gunners, I believe the current style of pilot mouse aimed gimballed weapons has to go or be rendered uncompetitive.
Thing is, arena commander was delayed from December 2013 to mid 2014 mainly so they could rewrite netcode and 'expand the scope' It's not a new issue for CIG and one they should of seen coming a year away.
&gt;still not revealing the avenger ariants other than 'warlock' FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU For a ship that's been reduced from the SQ42 trainer to CIG knows what, it could use just POSTING WHAT THE PLAN IS beyond 'modular' Even something as basic as &gt; * warlock - does Ewar stuff * ranger - high speed, big center mount fixed gun. No cargo space as result * paladin - up-armored with jump seats for boarding parties
Well it is the topic CIG doesn't communicate well about, ever, despite being important for over a year, a thread with more posts than several sub-forums combined.. And it's an attitude problem at CIG, see the controller roundtable
That reeks of skirting the issue, because how the game is controlled is its foundation. Making the rest of the stuff beforehand only makes changing the foundation more difficult. A 'don't look at it and hope it goes away' kind of deal. Plus, the most recent estimate has sq42 was slated for the end of THIS YEAR, controls need to take priority with the dogfight based SP game coming up. I would go so far as to say its more important than the netcode.
the idris should be one, unless its lost its spinal cannon. since that described feature, I had hoped that a mission in SQ42 would see you have to fly the idris in some sort of capital clusterfuck, weaving around trying to pop destroyers, the turrets independently going after their own targets, ship slowly being worn down by enemy fire. But with the fattening the idris got, and my lack of investment in one, I don't know if its lost that heavy gun.
was travis influential though? His talk of changes to the flight model sounded downright fantastic, but I haven't seen an iota of word of their implementation even being planned. In fact the relatively recent comment that the flight model is "decently representative of what they want" seems to be in conflict with it. Perhaps that is part of why he's left, to pursue a dream and have better influence in a project.
came in before Xmas 2014, and gjelly dropped for me -twice- when doing the first time opening POE28 big chest on two of my characters.
I can count 3 directions really, over to the base across the field, to the echo base entrance and trenches, or focus on the shield generator. But DICE doesn't do maps without chokepoints anymore, so it might as well
Problem is real eyes automatically compensate for your movement, so you can read stuff while walking. In a game, any noticeable head Bob will shift your view, causing some degree of motion blur you wouldn't get IRL. Real life natural systems (and real life microcontrollers used for fly-by-wire) often act and react faster than cryengine could ever hope to put out a frame, so simulating them is not going to work very well. I and probably SQB might agree that what's needed is to 'fake' (or emulate) the results of such systems with some detail sacrificed
Months ago it was just 'network and animations' Today it is " network rewrite, and animations". They simply grossly underestimated how much time it would take, and its quite possible that the *perfect* animations wanted for FPS are impossible.
It's best case is faster, but lost packets or another client's lag still results in laggy experience for all who interact with them, and its simply a result of too much data being sent around for a chokepoints in any one client's route to the server. With 64 players, you're bound to have someone with mediocre connection because their region can't sustain a server on its own. I'm guilty of this having to connect from Canada to the Netherlands to get into a populated CTE server, for example
A two map, MP-only, discrete, FPS mode with 3 static classes (on one, second map is a gimmick/tech demo mode IMO) isn't going to help that impression unless it's flawless
I loved both series during the mid 2000's Battlefront was star wars version of BF1942 without gun inaccuracy, with better hitreg, more class diversity, 3rd person option, splitscreen AI, and a neat meta-game played accross the maps in the form of galatic conquest, or the historical campaign where you play through the maps in a chronological order. DICE's battlefront is something...else. Simple looking and with an amount of content I expect from a 15-30$ game (such as FC3:blood dragon). The producers at DICE sweden don't seem to like to associate themselves with their classic titles, at least that's how BF3/3.5 feel to me, especially when the in-testing dragon valley remake is shitting all over every other map the game has ever had.
I'd agree with your idea a year and two months ago. But AC has come out now. To further your analogy, its like the appetizer has come out and isn't what was claimed on the menu, and tastes a bit bitter to boot, despite assurances it'd be sweet.
I heard in recent 10FTP that flight model is sufficiently representative of what they want. And the best hope for revisions to it, Travis, is gone. There is potential to change, but the likelihood has been diminishing, especially with SQ42 still slated for the end of this year, SURELY FLIGHT MODEL should be finalized.
The Auroa is uncompetitive because of the stupidly low speed cap, over 150km/h slower than the next slowest ingame. Travis's idea of universal speed cap would of saved it. REC is F2P bullshit for an " alpha" And the HUD is understandable, that's not the problem. The issues are poor control and wasting screenspace
I can only agree. I was just hung up on the claim that it would solve that issue, the only thing that would matter is if the two animations run the same amount of time (a detail DICE of sweden were too lazy to do) not line up 1:1.
I roll my eyes at Hux's little Hitler speech, complete with salute. Because blowing up a system is apparently too subtle a way to say these are bad guys. Ideological fanaticism is a lazy way to make your villans, and only makes Finn's defection seem more hackney. If he was a volunteer, swayed by propaganda to join, then his change of heart would make sense. He definitely doesn't act like a programmed soldier, and we're told he was excellent in training.
I reckon it is. The USSR player can fill up with T-34's, which at that tier have great firepower, good protection and mobility. Other nations can't have all of that in the same package, the PzIV and marder are fragile, the STUG has no turret making it awful in urban areas (aka many objectives).
That is important. The pecking order is pretty agreeable. However what's really important is the *power gap* between ships. AKA How much of an advantage should a Hornet have? I really want it to be smaller than it is, maybe 15% advantage over a combat-tailored multirole ship. Price should not be proportional linearly to effectiveness. Most games also know better than to do that as well, 10% more DPS can cost often 3x as much in many MMO I reckon the SH is currently a nearly twice as effective as some other combat ships, so I'd like to either see it be tuned down or others brought closer to its level. Of course, properly quantifying a ship's effectiveness is the tricky thing, because there are some very varied levels of proficiency due to many factors such as input, technical issues. I think raw firepower and health are a good indicator, with maneuverability being a rather minor help. Because Newtonian physics means fights are face to face, gimballs make hitting a target easy too.
We already know shields in SC are going to do things like hold in atmosphere (CIG's response to why the cutlass has no airlock, as reference) so protecting from radiation is definitely going to be handwaved in a similar manner.
&gt; loved sensibilities were a lot different back then. Domestic violence should never be okay when a famous athlete does it. Doesn't matter if its an adrien peterson, or ronda rousey. It's tragic that society is saying "these are terrible people but because they're good at this GAME, we'll keep paying them millions"
That's guns. Components run on small/medium/large/capital for sizes now
&gt; But It also puts pressure on the devs to add official modding support to make up for increased difficulty. I've failed to see that materialize. &gt;Devs which don't add modding tools will see lower sales than devs who do. Again, MGSV begs to differ.
It screams that the manufacturing cost of the rift is not actually near the $600 they're selling for, otherwise there is no way they could afford to pretty much giveaway them to a sizeable portion of the VR market.
well his last scene in the cartoon has Mace Windu crippling him with a torso crush, which creates the cough
Luke lost only a hand Anakin lost more of his arm
Probably because he likes his job
