CHOCOLATE with SPRINKLES?!
I always really did hate her in the comics, i liked Gwen more. I was just hoping for an excuse to see them fuck.
I wish they would just make another game like Generations or Colors. The Boom games just seem like souless beat-em-ups.
Although if you took away all the clones of the same game there would probably be like, 12.
I think because i play Smash more than any fighting game i can teach myself how to do it, but i remember screwing up so much in MvC3 and accidently using a super move.
Danny's high pitched scream.
They also seem to be incapable of gaining the realization that if you ship a game before it's completed then it's going to be shit.
That dude sucks at taking photos
idk if you're interested in this kind of stuff but Game Grumps is a good one for some people.
It felt like a very bland Zelda game. I honestly didn't enjoy it at all.
It's all fun and games until your electric bill goes sky high. However if he has enough money for this he probably has enough to pay it.
Still 8:30 for me.
You know this is a repost when they use rage faces. They haven't been relevant since 2012.
Think i threw up in my mouth.
10/10 on the swood factor
Mods, this is the one time where it is actually necessary to ban someone.
I mean, i don't know much about any of this but couldn't you just start spamming 9 when making their base stats?
Thank you for this tip, and Happy New Years.
&gt;I AM NOT POSSESSED Now you see that makes me think you're possessed.
The age of peace. Legends tell if Rockington can calm down enough to spin that slow 30 years of peace will linger.
No ones gonna by a game that looks like that nowadays.
Yeah, but i'm sure sooner or later Peter and MJ are gonna get back together somehow. The whole damsel in distress thing feels played out, i'd rather a superhero couple kicking ass back to back.
^^Shhh ^^don't ^^tell ^^them
I don't understand what he said. It's canceled but he hasn't announced it yet? Does he mean he hasn't announced the cancelation?
I don't know how well received MLP stuff is here considering the [most controversial post](https://www.reddit.com/r/rule34/comments/1gmnf1/rainbow_dash/) in the sub is MLP. I personally don't have a problem with it. Nice work.
616 Can i get Chivalry? Thanks.
What?
[What?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXzEcwYs8Eo)
Maybe.
Breen
It's all fun and games until Goku gets SSJGSSJ2 and it becomes the regular form he goes to for combat.
Right click Search Google for images
I honestly can't tell if this is taking shit to the extreme or if it's brilliant parenting.
Antarctica. Everything is an ice puzzle.
Obviously not 616 because we don't have Spideys and Captain America running around. I don't think they've ever mentioned if we have an earth.
The giant statue guy from Ninja Blade. It made me quit the game entirely.
Is this DMC 4?
Don't dare forget Jon and Arins first Mag where they fondled a dude in a Mega Milk shirt.
The girl Inkling is much cuter imo
I'm pretty sute this is Boku no Pico. Suprised you don't know that.
Will they cosplay in Zero Suit for me?
I have several questions.
The old people have seceded.
Why not? Dude, if you could shapeshift wouldn't the first thing you do is give yourself breasts?
Well, you're not wrong.
Not really.
Oh shit, thats swood.
Oh god that made me queasy.
Yeah i got the butt after like 5 tries.
/r/punchablefaces
