I ain't got nobody, and nobody cares for me.
Young pups TIL...Damn I turn 42 tomorrow.
40 year old virgin when the drunk woman he picks up at the bachelorette party starts driving and hits everything then t-bones the parked car and says "Fucker Came Out Of Nowhere!" And a lot of scenes in Kingpin...One of my all time favorite comedies.
This guy is a credit card hackers wet dream.
Speaking of Robin William movies. The Fisher King has some really sad parts.
Thanks TransvestiteCurves
You taught me a valuable lesson. I will now always use the bathroom before getting on an elevator.
Meant for people that are less fortunate, but only has an HDMI hookup 😒
That dog is defective. They can still take it back, because it still has the price tag on its neck.
"What officer? Guy can't join hair club for men? Is there a law against that now?" "Sorry sir, I am just going to give you a warning this time." "Damn right you are"
Take your damn upvote!
Scheuer wasn’t killed and didn’t wind up with paralysis or brain damage, thus limiting the potential damages. “The facts are good for GM in that one,’’ said Bob Langdon, a lawyer in Kansas City, Missouri, who represents dozens of plaintiffs suing GM alleging injuries or deaths caused by ignition defects. “It’s not a big injury.’’ It just takes two small paragraphs to prove, once again, that lawyers are the fucking scum of the earth.
There us no telling how much more shit he lied about. The amount if people he said he killed sounds ridiculous as well.
You get an upvote for using the, almost extinct word, Kerfuffle.
It is a perfect example of how everyone could pitch in to make everyone rich, but we are too selfish
Yes it wood. Wood you buy one? I know I wood.
Daniel Day Lewis says I GOT 3 BITCHES! SUCK IT! https://youtu.be/q9drV2hHVp4
Nike has been doing it for decades.
Because of a valued resource....Oil. Iran also has one of the largest oil refineries in the middle east. North Korea has nothing we care about.
I love mine. Now that I have it, I could never see myself without one.
Vachina!
Gitmo, Larry, and Curly...Fuck Shimp.
I think it is funny that there is an article just a little above this one talking about how a barrel of oil is the cheapest it has been since 1993
Saudi controls Apec. Look at it this way. If you were selling bags of peanuts and you had 50 bags to sell, but I had a booth across from you and had 2000 bags to sell I could adjust my price way below yours so that you would never be able to sell yours....In other words, I dictate the market. The same way SA does with Apec prices Edit: As another Redditor pointed out it is OPEC, not APEC. I typed it at 5 a.m., and was not really thinking clearly.
That is what I meant. A wire is loose in my head. I typed it around 5 a.m. this morning, so i was really not thinking clearly.
You are very wrong. http://m.smh.com.au/business/energy/saudi-defends-countrys-strategy-to-abandon-opec-production-targets-20151207-glhl3p.html Just a couple of grabs from the article The market remains concerned that Saudi Arabia and the other OPEC members will accept a lower crude price to defend their market share...(The peanuts I was talking about) And this was said about SA not wanting a cap. The move makes a lot of sense because if you are trying to capture market share, and you are the lowest-cost producer, why would you put a ceiling on your production?" said Sadad Al-Husseini, a former executive with Saudi Arabia's state-run oil company who now acts as energy adviser to the royal family-controlled King Faisal Foundation. "And if you have newcomers who want to add capacity – that is Iran and Iraq – why would you want a ceiling? It never made any sense to me. Try to roll back production from a country like Saudi Arabia, which the whole world depends on, just doesn't make sense." The reason Opec wants a cap is because SA is producing a hell of a lot of oil, which in turn helps their country but is hurting other countries that produce oil because SA has more peanuts.
That's the morality clause. It does not imply one or the other, but it can place doubt in 12 jurors heads. The video should be admissible, as it relates to the case.
I wonder if I could trade my son to her for a knitted one....He just hit puberty.
No, make it the inside band photo, so people would think that was what the band looked like....The kicker....It's a Bluegrass album.
The cast from Fresh Off The Boat?
Tina! Eat The Fooood!
It's good to see you got out of the bio dome.
OP is wearing OP.
You can't have Party in the front and back!
Ahhhh, good girl. Now go grab a copy of Faith No More's new album.
T.V's beloved bigot.
That album was when the added a keyboardist. A whole new layer, but still freaking groovy as hell and awesome. And yes it was their album after Blast Tyrant. Beale Street To Oblivion was after RH/Exodus and was the last album with their keyboardist. When Nathan was asked in an interview why the got rid of their keyboardist he said, we didn't, he just didn't want to tour anymore. Any Clutch fan can tell you that Clutch tours a HELL OF A LOT. Crobot has been touring with them lately. I recommend you check them out. I seen them with Clutch and The Sword on my 40th Bday in Asheville, NC Legend Of The Spaceborn Killer is the song that grabbed my attention. https://youtu.be/_YJ41TS-iOo
Pig Bladder's regenerate as well. Scientists have successfully used it in early trials to regenerate muscle and fingertips for humans. http://www.iflscience.com/health-and-medicine/scientists-regenerate-leg-muscles-pig-bladder-tissue Also, Here is a video of Dr. Stephen Badylak explaining how the regenerative process works. https://youtu.be/gwR8rEcVu7c
American politics is no longer changed by what the people want but rather by corporations and lobbyists. If America tried instilling a free healthcare system Health insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyists would be all over capital hill. My city has been trying to build a rail system from our city to Atlanta, then to Nashville, then eventually to Chicago. The people want it, but as soon as it is proposed, airline lobbyists shoot it down every time. I have always said that greed is the largest opponent of progress, and with every passing decade it just becomes more prevalent in America I will let Arthur Jensen (Ned Beatty) explain it https://youtu.be/yuBe93FMiJc
People in mosque: This motherfucker is a undercover fed!
Best sense of humor? A dark sense of humor.
In short Saudi Arabia controls Opec (Organization Of Petroleum Exporting Countries) Look at it this way. If you were selling bags of peanuts and you had 50 bags to sell, but I had a booth across from you and had 2000 bags to sell I could adjust my price way below yours so that you would never be able to sell yours....In other words, I dictate the market. The same way SA does with Opec prices. Opec wants to put a cap on oil production, but Saudi Arabia does not want to adhere to it, because they are making a lot of money from producing a lot of oil. Here is an article explaining that. http://m.smh.com.au/business/energy/saudi-defends-countrys-strategy-to-abandon-opec-production-targets-20151207-glhl3p.html Just a couple of grabs from the article The market remains concerned that Saudi Arabia and the other OPEC members will accept a lower crude price to defend their market share...(The peanuts I was talking about) And this was said about SA not wanting a cap. The move makes a lot of sense because if you are trying to capture market share, and you are the lowest-cost producer, why would you put a ceiling on your production?" said Sadad Al-Husseini, a former executive with Saudi Arabia's state-run oil company who now acts as energy adviser to the royal family-controlled King Faisal Foundation. "And if you have newcomers who want to add capacity – that is Iran and Iraq – why would you want a ceiling? It never made any sense to me. Try to roll back production from a country like Saudi Arabia, which the whole world depends on, just doesn't make sense." The reason Opec wants a cap is because SA is producing a hell of a lot of oil, which in turn helps their country but is hurting other countries that produce oil because SA has more peanuts.
She was hoping a firefighter would give her the hose.
I think The Dude would even be kind of sad.
"That is why on the occasion of this 10th anniversary of Passion, a film about an innocent man’s willingness to forgive the greatest injustice, I propose to Hollywood that it’s time to forgive Mel Gibson." Did the writer just compare Mel Gibson to Jesus... I knew I should have stopped reading after she wrote "Gibson, who essentially used his tongue as a lethal weapon." /Places Hand Over Closed Eyes And Moves Head Side To Side
I got a chuckle out of the terrible writing and metaphors.
Well, at least you won't have to worry about your dog ever doing that again.
Don't forget though, that Tony Iommi had a bought with cancer before they started recording 13.
Would you like to make some fuck.
I am the same age as this guy. http://cdn2.thr.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/675x380/2014/11/leonardo_dicaprio.jpg
