At least they didn't include an application.
Try the stock barrel and back? or a wider diameter freak insert?
The first picture appears to be of a dragonboat team. :)
Then it's a bit high. Counter offer with $400.
- Paisley - Polka dot - Vomit
Mine is a 14.4kbps modem handshake.
They're "free-range"!!!
Slippery Slope
MicroSD slot? Really??
I saw the reply before it was deleted. Their answer was that they could "mostly" cover it, but needing $22k isn't really "mostly" to me. $22k is like asking for a car.
The Oscar Meyer wiener song.
I'm curious about the opposite. For example, how does LuthorCorp stay in business? Wouldn't the association with Lex Luthor be a PR nightmare?
This is the best answer.
The same things that cause me to not believe there's a Kali, Zeus, Odin, Shiva, or any other gods; lack of evidence.
If you're being overtaken on the right, you're probably in the wrong lane. Remember, there are signs that remind people that "Slow Traffic Keep Right".
Just tell people you have no belief in the supernatural.
The sky will shoot back, but has terrible aim.
Well the whole reason for "safe and sane" was due to the number of injuries seen in emergency rooms due mostly to stupid people.
You'll have to replace the plug at least, but you might be able to fix the socket. Turn off power at the breaker box. Then remove the socket from the wall and see if you can somehow dig out or push out the broken piece.
Being grossed out by how your food gets from farm to table is a 1st world problem. Before the advent of centralized slaughterhouses in the meat industry, we weren't so detached from the process. And even so, Europeans don't have these kinds of qualms about meat.
Cake day to the face!
Why didn't the person ordering this simply say, "No pickles or mustard"?
If you could identify it, it wouldn't be a UFO!
Except when they get it wrong. That seems like a reason.
/r/kaylarynn, Normally requests should be made by users that meet the karma requirement, but I'll let this pass for now. You should provide her username if you expect people to chat with her though.
PlexPy doesn't track people streaming from your CloudSync (if you have it shared) or people on devices (such as Android) that don't use the default Plex player. However it will list people syncing to their own devices. Edit: I guess someone didn't want to know PlexPy's limitations. Basically it has the same limitations that PMS for monitoring activity.
If they are American citizens, they can go to the American embassy to get help.
Right. It just means you should pre-transcode with Handbrake from your pc first.
True. DLNA would work.
Above all else, there's no good way to tell someone they're wrong about a deeply held belief.
No, that era's Gatchaman was a science ninja team.
The post title isn't funny.
Doesn't it depend on the reason for flooding? For example, a lot of contracts claim no liability for "Acts of God". But if you're talking about a backed up drain, it still depends on the cause. If it's a kid flushing a toy or someone flushing their feminine hygiene products, the landlord won't be held responsible.
What's a "reno"? Did you mean remodel? And can't they make a claim on the neighbor's insurance?
Rounding up to 500 miles and assuming an average of 30mpg, we're looking at just under 17 gallons of gas. According to AAA, today's national average is $1.99/gal. So that'd be just under $34 for 17gal. Assuming California's price for gas of $2.879 today, that's just under $50 for the same amount of gas.
And it's in your own name now? Or is your ex on the hook for it?
Are you running the install with admin rights?
You're a bit shy of the 300 combined karma requirement for posting. As such, this post will be removed. If you manage to bring it up, you may repost your request.
Crowdfunding for R&amp;D has been around a lot longer than you think. Technically, every telethon you've seen for Jerry's kids is a crowdfunding effort to find a cure for muscular dystrophy.
I don't think anyone who listens to super-loud music can tell the difference once you go deaf.
You'd think there would be some mention of punishment in the afterlife at least.
What if that's not your default start page in RiF?
It seems that the first thing that you need to learn about Reddit is that each sub has their own ways of doing things. In this case, it appears you've never gotten around to reading the rules for this sub, which are found in the sidebar under "General Rules" which go [**here**](https://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/wiki/rules). It's not about kindness. It's about trust. As someone who once donated several times to people who've abused my trust, the burden is on you to earn it, and not simply expect it. * You have a new account. * Most of your posts have been repeatedly removed reposts asking for help for your friend. * You clearly don't contribute to the general conversation on Reddit. * And you've seemed to be able to find this non-default sub just fine, despite being a "new user". Basically, lots of red flags. Can't you understand why the rules exist to address trust issues for those of us who have been burned before?
In America, it's not uncommon for students to be employed while going to college. That would seem like the best route for you, as many donors would probably look at your academic history in a less-than-favorable light, given that you've quit and "lost passion" for school before.
Oh! Nevermind. I keep forgetting it uses the same software as the Cubox-i, of which there is an image for OMV available!
None of the questions seem like harassment. Looks like people just want to get to the bottom of the problem.
If anything, contact the high school and see if there's an alumni group you can ask.
OP deleted their account...
You might want to X-post to /r/AskReddit too.
Technically, you don't need the app to watch on an Android device. An HTML5 compliant browser is really all you need.
