I have ADHD. From the scientific papers I've read and looked at, about 6% of the population likely has it, and the medication rate is under 3%, and so it's likely extremely under prescribed. Additionally, medication is one of the best and most effective treatments for ADHD, alone and in conjunction with alternative coping mechanisms. For many people it makes you a better student, gives you a push towards equality when it comes to mental ability, and is an excellent improver for quality of life. That being said I think the article is hilarious and doctors often don't give a shit and medication is advertised directly to consumers and that's fucked up.
Nothing, it just speaks to the fact that people see normal levels of high energy or "just being a kid" as equivalent to the mental challenges associated with ADHD or something similar and suggests it's "taking the easy way out of parenting" as opposed to providing a ladder to overcome some of the devastating and omnipresent handicaps that are part of a mental disorder.
Some people prefer not to go anywhere they might accidentally be caught feeling happy.
"Baby, I call this position the 'Donkey Sauce."
Ah, you must work in Labor Optimization.
Nuance paid a hefty bribe, and yet still refuses to return the key engineers they've kidnapped.
My new favorite audiobook, The Practicing Mind, talks about this in a very similar way. Focus on the process, not the result. A goal is like sailing to the horizon; useful to point your ship in that direction and start sailing, but very unhelpful to constantly compare yourself to where you're at and be disappointed when you're not already at the goal/perfect. I recommend it to everyone, I believe it is still on sale, and I approve of this thread's message.
That's why I have Mass Effect 1 &amp; 2, but no 3.
Other retail stores, like mine, send them back to the manufacturer or vendor for credit or warranty swapping as often as possible.
NO REFUNDS
"If these assholes will buy Bad Rats, throw some other stuff on there and see if they actually buy it."
"I was on the computer, and I was drinking..."
/r/loseit is a great resource if you need anything.
Not only are you right, I am reminded of [this.](https://youtu.be/WsnXQdkqChg)
I do very much enjoy the relatively small amount of calories a nice beer has, at the end of the day.
When I was talking to my Director about it, I got the impression the reason we mainly did them was for insurance.
Was it Lastpass?
Alright, Immanuel Kant.
The side effect of being the wizard is everything looks like alchemy to the layman.
You're only halfway on your charms cert, don't risk our magic smoke SLA with that wand in production.
It is a feat of engineering to use a parchment &amp; quill pen while crysterbating with the other hand, I tell you what.
Microsoft Genuine Advantage 10, Brought to you by the Winrar Licensing Enforcement Team
We needed more Letters
I read the description first, and so I found it incredibly difficult to watch. What a lovely human being. What a loss.
If the final picture in the set went first it would be very much an IICBG.
Is this not an unusually big mushroom?
And a cup of love and a lifetime license
Easy account based WAN/internet access and smart offline caching are the killer Plex features for me.
I am an average looking guy, not a model but not bad. I have had some crazy sexual experiences with some weird looking girls.
I love my slow treadmill walk glued to my phone, though. That's like the best way to watch Netflix.
Throw-away burgers perfectly encapsulates a diet, a lifestyle, and an attitude.
We promised you 40 acres and a mule, friend.
Literacola for prez 2016
http://imgur.com/ZfLpG
Wait, are you saying the exact thing that made the walled garden better is something 90% of people don't want or need?
Isn't the 9$ CHIP allwinner too?
I agree with you. A lot of the organizations make me uncomfortable or seem not really to be about advocacy. I consider myself a feminist as well as a supporter of men's issues, and I think there are organizations that I wouldn't support, even though I support the overall objectives of the movements.
It's a down economy and we are running a deficit.
I'm not a huge fan of rebooting my phone every couple hours and keeping it from getting too hot.
Because the store wants to retain the customer, or doesn't want the risk of the customer using a stolen card or charging back the original payment.
Cell phones would be hot, and will be, but be careful. I work in the industry and have seen a lot of retailers go out of business. One store would be prohibitively difficult to merchandize, outfit &amp; gamble on making money.
Yeah that actually seems secretly more racist.
Whatever the hell was going on there this is clearly a man who marches to the beat of his own drum, and grabs life by the horns. The drum is likely extra terrestrial in nature.
I get a screen protector on every single phone I buy, which is a lot, because I work in the cell industry. They're getting better, but they still scratch and they still break, every single screen. I'd rather have a tempered glass protector break and peel it off then have a worthless phone that costs more to repair than it's worth, or deal with damage &amp; beating it up.
I have the OnePlus One but with an 801 and the software it feels faster than the HTC One M9.
Three quarters of Ryse: Son of Rome was QTE or similar and I very much enjoyed it.
I wouldn't buy a crappy one, and often the accessory kiosks might as well say "we took the time to buy this off EBay for you." There are some cool brands with lifetime warranties on the glass, fingerprint resistant, and just all around nice to use. And nothing beats having a phone exposed to sand, coins, keys, laptop bag, and 3 - 9 front pocket drops onto concrete or tile or the like, and it looks just as good as the day it came out of the box. "
I agreed with you until you used faggot as a pejorative. Your condemnation and tone is inappropriate and rude. You should know better.
Thanks for sharing. The mechanics of safety can be less flashy looking, but they are part of the real and make it sound less like movie. I've always tended towards more open experiences and many partners, and you have encouraged me that it's a good path to be on.
Mostly 4chan looks down on all it's individual members as well, they are all shut in weeaboo NEETs and whatnot. So it hates everything, itself most of all.
