Glad you gave him credit, but you should really be mentioning that in the title. Poor guy's gifs are plastered all over here within minutes of him putting them on his site.
It was May 31st. There were people, both free and paid, who were planning to cancel right after the PPV. They were trying to keep them by announcing all of that.
There was a kid losing his shit in Cena/Owens.
Good point, but that doesn't make it right. I'd bet you at least 90% of the news articles on here are to ripoff sites. I used to wonder why the mods allow it, until people started suggesting that one or more of them must have some sort of financial stake in one of those ripoff sites.
I interpreted the article as saying that you may have defeated the aliens, but the planet was so ravaged that they decided to surrender once it was over.
1) Taylor has probably been in management longer than he was a wrestler at this point. 2) Its not Taylor who makes the big decisions. Vince has a certain way of running things, and that's how the system operates. One of the biggest no-nos in the entire company is thinking you're hot shit. Was Rollins better than a new trainee who came in off the street? Sure. But if he was acting like it, the company would rather take the trainee.
Yes. It was shot in a wider aspect ratio, but framed 4:3...there was equipment and such visible on the edges. Besides, the restoration was done to clean up what was shot, not to alter it.
Yeah, it's like something in the brain just can't compute having such a wide, distant vista that fills up your peripheral vision.
That was right before he and the other three left. I believe Kevin Sullivan has just become the booker again. Of course, Benoit's wife used to be married to Sullivan. If I remember correctly, putting the belt on Benoit was supposed to demonstrate to the locker room that everything was cool, everyone was getting chances. No bad blood. The foot under the ropes was their way of giving themselves an out, if Benoit decided to leave.
Only if you bring a photo of Kevin Owens for him to sign.
Takes the reporter a bit to realize what's actually going on...his initial reaction here was to just narrate the scene, and how there's debris raining down.
Still a G, dude. Still a G.
It also used Braveheart music.
Yes yes yes No no no
I don't think it's really a WWE thing. It's been common in all of wrestling for any interviewer to be short. I'm actually surprised Tom got the job in the first place.
Well just don't let her know he's got a decent car, or you'll never see her again.
This is cool, and I'm happy the guy is doing something he enjoys, but I really hope he got it all cleared through the proper channels ahead of time. WWE is very down on people going out and doing their own projects unless they have control and get a piece. Edit: I have no idea why I was downvoted without people trying to explain their opinions. I can't think of a single instance where the company has supported someone engaging in their own business venture--especially one without WWE branding, using a different name.
I'm guessing you got downvoted because people thought you were making a joke. While that may be possible, there is indeed a bounty hunter "theme," played on the bassoon.
Obviously some of the favorites are already listed, but I wanted to make sure "The Asteroid Field" was mentioned. You can almost *feel* the Falcon swooping.
There's what's called a "leitmotif" that plays for him. It's not as full-blown as, say, Yoda, but there's kind of a menacing series of notes on the bassoon for Fett.
Google it. It has its own Wikipedia entry, and is actually called that.
Hmm...what if it was a special on the Network? I could see some people subscribing to see that.
Why would someone go to all that trouble when they can just steal a gif from cwmonkey's site, and amass the same amount of karma?
Umm the picture shows the plane after the wings were removed.
Whether this interview is old or not doesn't really matter--this is an opinion many wrestlers hold, and I've never cared for it. It's essentially the same as saying that fans of *anything* don't have the right to discuss or criticize it. Should football fans stop talking about the NFL unless they've played professionally? Of course not. And just because I've never been a paid wrestler doesn't mean my opinions are automatically invalid, or that I shouldn't use "insider" terms because I'm somehow unworthy. I get it, there was a time when kayfabe was closely guarded, and wrestlers looked at themselves as an elite club, but those times are gone. We know how matches work, we know how the business operates, and we're entitled to our opinions.
Some sort of giant Stargate thing that one of the characters invented.
Why wouldn't they *say* that? "The park hasn't been this crowded in months." "That Christmas sale package is going to turn out to be the only that that'll keep us out of the red this year."
Don't be a douche.
Dude. A little girl uses gymnastics to kill a raptor.
The idea that Turner was heavily involved in WCW is just a fiction created by Vince. It was something he liked, and something he respected because it helped TBS gain prominence as one of the first big cable channels, but I don't think he paid much attention to it--certainly not enough to discuss it in any depth in a book.
It's not about the quality of the production. It's about the content. It's about showing people who someone really is, regardless of whether or not you include stuff from other promotions.
Legitimate question: Why are they only sending an orbiter? I feel like they'll eventually have to send a lander anyway, so why not do it all at once?
On top of that, how was Kimbo able to pop right up and start swinging? If he wasn't put away by the choke, wouldn't he at least have been a little woozy?
Evan Bourne could probably give you a lift.
I always appreciate the effort that goes into compiling these, and I'll happily visit a site instead of having them here as a text post. That being said, the little "share bar" on the left side of the screen on mobile drives me batty. I don't know if you put it there yourself or if it was just part of a template, but it's a little intrusive, and I doubt it prompts anyone to post it on Digg anyway.
Michaels said the company pitched this to him, and he felt the teacher/student thing had been done before, and didn't interest him.
Ok, so where can I find some dinosaur drawings done the "right" way?
They really didn't go outdoors much at all, due to cost. Shooting on location is infinitely more expensive than using sets. So yeah, when they actually did go outside, they stayed close to LA.
HE SAID TO BE POSITIVE
Yeah, it's part of their style. Has been for a long time. Watch any WWF Hogan match, then look at him in Japan.
The live component is just a big waste of time, which could be better spent showing the actual competition.
Whether or not the segments were any good is irrelevant--you don't just drop an entire storyline with no reason. Was I super invested in what was going on? Of course not. But it's insulting to dedicate so much time to something, then have the company expect that I'm not going to be annoyed when it just vanishes with no explanation. I mean, seriously...even a two-minute segment where Brie turns heel and joins Nikki would've been better than nothing.
More Legends Roundtable. A "storyline" option that will show only the segments related to a certain storyline from TV and PPV.
They weren't over enough for Rikishi to mention them, apparently.
OHHHHHH MYYYYYYYY
The real question is, why are sites like these allowed to be posted here?
It's all thanks to his good friend Diamond Dallas Page and DDP Yoga! He can do it anywhere, and recommends the Max Pack!
It's worth pointing out that Lawler has said he has a lot of books with these kinds of jokes in them. Not that that makes them any less funny, of course.
It's Michael Buffer, and WCW paid him...guess how much? Per appearance. He flew in, stood in the ring for less than five minutes, and read off of index cards. $50,000. Every time.
Yeah, I always found that to be a little f'd up...part of the "old way" of doing things. I mean, the company wants you to have a certain look, but it's on you to spend thousands of dollars to get your outfits made up? I mean, if they want to be considered "entertainment," I kind of doubt Arnold is responsible for getting his own leather jackets made up for when he plays the Terminator.
