Dude in the middle has a "Creepy Ass Cracker" badge.
He looks like a dude and he has got sideburns.
You should have left it where you found it.
I've never even seen a cleaver so small. Either that or the slice of bread is gigantic...
Are you telling us that their world isn't flat? Heathen!
It really pissed me off that the only melee weapon was a cricket bat. You're in England, I FUCKING GET THAT. Where are all the garden tools, crowbars, the metal pipes? You can see suits of armour several times but is there a sword or pike to be found? nOOOooooooOOOooo.... Bludgeoning powerful zombies for half an hour before they drop is dull and repetitive. /rant
/r/nonononoyes
Looks more like "How to train your good dinosaur".
And it even asked me to subscribe, its such a pity I can't.
There's a link to the video above. Sounds like its a driving instructors car in England. Driving instructors tend to stop up a lot and talk to the person they are teaching. That said it doesn't look like the best place to stop for a chat but there's no double yellow line, so its legal and its pretty common.
Fuck vine and everything about it.
Wow, prices have soared. I shot an M60 and an AK (slightly less bullets) for probably less than 30$ a few years back.
[I'll save you!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfRcx37Qp4U)
Does it count if you just got overtaken by bigger assholes?
Looks fake as fuck.
Best Abandoned porn i've seen in a while.
Need that source op.
There is also a few lions hunting in the long grass that were seriously thinking about mauling him it but then they saw how scared the bull elephant was and were all like, "fuck that shit, that dude must be a ninja, lets bounce".
His economic policies are shite.
Duney dick.
Maybe you could have the stroke in the fear centre of the brain. That might help.
A dagger maybe...
Is Hillary supposed to be an alcoholic now? Shes just finishing a glass of wine...
You've just reminded me of this: [Considerably richer than you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8Kum8OUTuk).
Other people seem to have seen this already but not me. Incredible.
[Word.](http://i.imgur.com/52MLEFq.gif)
The seal forms again in a wave and there's no bubbles. Why can't screen protectors work like this?
Aw, it broke its two ears off...
Hes sick today so I'm filling in, the only thing is I brought the wrong truck. You'll have to make do with some cacti... 🌵 🌵 🌵 🌵 🌵
My video but not my tablet so win-win? :)
Weight has little to do with this really. I'm sure we've all seen girls of all weights that wear huge amounts of makeup. If anything I'd say that some thinner girls are bigger offenders in this area.
Agreed. I watched the full clip and saw that the quadcopter get ever closer as the clip went on. The water was just a warning shot and the pilot should have backed off and filmed from higher up. I don't know the chances that something would go wrong with the quadcopter, they're probably pretty reliable now, but if people keep flying like this then the government will step in and ruin all the fun with excessive laws.
Dontdownloadthatitsprobablyavirusdownloadthisinstead.bat
Not this time, you must try harder.
And its level of difficulty is too much for the usual wave of poor imitations.
Its kind of a 70% BBT / 30% Ghomeshi mix of cringe in my book. Not sure if you watched the whole lot but he does say that he had a problem with Ghomeshi mentioning is acting career. After Ghomeshi trying to get past the attitude, all be it in a very snarky manner, he still acts like a diva. The faces on the rest of the band says a whole lot too.
Do you work there or know someone who works there? Just curious about why Ghomeshi would just completely ignore the request.
Sorry folks I've only just realised that I linked to the clip 3 minutes in. No idea how I managed that. Start at the beginning for the full cringe experience...
This is what clampers see.
His hair seems to be coated in the [blackest substance](http://edition.cnn.com/2014/07/17/business/worlds-darkest-marterial/) known to man...
If I took a screenshot of this guy showing just his head and beard and showed it to someone who hasn't seen this they would think its a child in a school play acting as Abe Lincoln.
It's not a film but you should watch the anime series called Death Note. It was made into a film as well but the series was much better.
In fairness they can easily be used for both.
How?
Thanks, that works but the one that's posted seems a bit more rounded. Its interesting though...
thisisstupid100 just gave you a free cynicism DLC.
It looks like someone has been on a downvoting spree. I will try to remedy that. Has anyone ever had steak with a lot of marbling? I never see it in butchers near me but I hear its supposed to be great. Is it all its cracked up to be or just hype?
After many hours in the Greek heat, you'd be lucky if it didn't melt a layer or two of skin off.
Just be careful with the [size of box](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/J11uu8L8FTY/maxresdefault.jpg) you choose.
This is nice. I had to mute that music though...
