I honestly don't get the joke.
It's a myth. I also bought him a house. edit - shit, forgot to logout of the throwaway
I remember something about how she wanted to try for a role on Becker. Which in her defense she was on like 7 seasons of when I think that season when she left was the last one. I can understand the decision. They should have just killed off Dax altogether.
The Dominion War arc was my favorite arc in all of Trek. I prefer the serialization. I think those two things gave the show a certain edge. You can see it in Ron Moores post DS9 show BSG. Everything just has a more realistic feel, and non-serialized shows are more for the casual viewer. I guess at that point they figured a large portion of fans who watched every week could handle a storyline that lasts longer than 44 minutes.
Yeah, Federites mimicing Klingon culture was always cringe, Sisko was the only one who could pull it off.
Ah, ok, interesting. I mean, he is a tailor after all, he's already half way there lol. I thought it was going to be about Bashir and that time he and Obrian were talking about how much they liked each other and how Obrian likes Bashir more than Keiko.
They spoil Raw every week as well.
I prefer the instrumentals. Especially ones with a 2-3 second intro like Brocks and Ambrose. Edit: At least I dont think theirs have lyrics, if they do I guess that shows how much I pay attention to the lyrics.
&gt;There's an old saying in Tennessee — I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee — that says, fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me...you can't get fooled again. -/u/SuperkickParty
The left hand never shows up.
Thats how my LED lantern works, I guess it has a sensor in it or something. Wyatt fumbling around on the bottom for a on/off switch doesnt seem as cool.
Lol, but you are blowing it out right? The air flow is detected by an electrical switch which switches to "off", which stops the current. It's the same concept, but we are in the middle of the "Forever" part of "Then, Now, Forever", so they are still trying to find a way to seamlessly integrate the technology. The Raw set/lighting is fucking bland, as long as we are talking about technology. Like look up 3D Projection or crazy light painting on youtube, I think WWE really needs to adopt some of that stuff. Growing up the pyro and entrance music played a huge part in getting me amped for the show, it's something that's missing and is being overlooked, imo.
Good Lord. Has the cape always had spots or is his the first one to use them?
I was looking it up and found that it either is/was used to represent Ermine tails, which were apparantly super expensive and thus kingly.
For some reason that cape looks way better, even the spots.
The Naziland episodes were some of my favorites.
Muradin was allied with the Paladins, which were Alliance at that point, before he was killed by Arthas after he was consumed by the sword of the Lich King. So I'm thinking it's just a new hero card. Did Muradin reappear in Wow? I never played it.
You're so jealous. It's sad but also kind of cute (:
Oh Jesus fucking Christ.
It just bugs me because Arthas was obviously being a cunt before they got to the mountain but that was like the final act that really just destroyed what little humanity he had left. I really liked the character of Muradin so it's not that I'm upset about seeing him again, it just kind of takes something away from Arthas' betrayal.
That's a good point. Although I don't think Gul'dan can ever really die.
There entire streaming service is on Game Of Thrones back. I'm not saying if that's good or bad, it just is.
Untrue. He is in a very secure financial spot and able to do whatever he wants *because* of this guys and everyone else buying his shit. He does have a responsibility.
My real problem is balls in water.
Crap. My opinion doesn't matter though. As long as their data shows people aren't spending less because of it and also as long as they need the money they are saving off it is what's best for business. But seriously Big 4 at least need their own sets. EC has its own set, which is the chamber itself.
Have you watched any of the "30 for 30" ESPN documentaries? They cover a wide range of topics, each one has a different director. They're pretty cool.
Maybe in like 20 years ESPN and Netflix will do a "60 for 60" documentary and one will be about Vince struggling to hide his condition from everyone
I'd rather spend 9.99 to get the cards I need to at least be somewhat competitive
The once oh so familiar attraction doesn't come back when you're 30 either. The next woman who is able to convince me to hang out with her will probably be the one I marry.
&gt;Edit: Just saw the other 700 Summer comments FTFY
I thought that was the hint since Pratt runs with the raptors in the commercials. They have been domesticated, perhaps only the raptors.
I was, I could be, more here now than before I am
Every move he makes is counteracting the gyros. That thing is fighting like hell to keep him on, but he is instinctively pushing the handles back forward because the counteracting force makes him feel like he's falling backward. If he just stopped moving or lean forward he'd be fine, but he's stopping the lean because he doesn't trust that it won't tip over. Trust the machine!
It's a way to play the game and win quickly which causes thousands of people to bitch because they can't alter the decks. To put it in perspective, is a ring out a victory in Soul Caliber? Yes. The person who gets ring outed then bitches about it being cheap because they didn't have the presence of mind to roll to the side.
Core hound is horrible because it gets outed by BGH with it's battlecry. I've won quite a few games with a tundra on the board. Saved my ass on numerous occasions, especially if you craft a couple Highmanes.
Tornado's create alot of wind. I mean, I'm not a scientist but it's the same reason a boat won't sail through a hurricane.
Found Kripparians account guys.
I believe the Icy Vein deck is just a little older, and is a totally basic deck, as in it only uses cards you start out with. You don't need any crafting or purchase packs for their basic decks. I will say it's better to buy expansions, you *really* need those cards. Worry about the packs later. I always play two tundras. Their high health and ability to give other beasts charge can be a lifesaver. I always run two Houndmasters as well so you can actually make it's health 9 and give it taunt. The first thing I'd do is level up your hunter to 10 to get those class cards. Then you can go into the crafting section and make you two Savanna Highmanes and two Unleash the Hounds, and all trap cards except Snake Trap, in that order (if you can't do it all at once just keep at it, remember you can disenchant cards for more dust, don't overdo it though you never know what you might need, but I wouldn't worry too much as you're just starting out). Highmanes have 6 attack and drop two 2/2 hyenas on death, so what I like to do is save up a tundra, then drop a Savanna, then houndmaster it. That's an 8 attack on a charge from the Highmane. I've never really had messed with the Buzzard, it got nerfed before my time, but try it out, it just depends on your deck and how you play it. Also again, I'd go with the expansions first. Then use those cards to make new decks to use in Arena or Ranked Quests and use that gold to buy new packs. It's a much better investment, you're not gonna get far without those expansion cards.
My hometown news team!
It's on like 90% of paper cups in existence.
So someone saying definitely they do not want to do something is "all but confirmed"? Lol I wish I had your optimism, SCSA isn't that 18yo from domino's who you start talking to and find out she just got kicked out, and then doesn't want to fool around but you guys get drunk and fuck. Then she moves to Alaska for 10 months and comes back with a kid that apparently belongs to you. Yeah, Ive had a bad week.
I honestly was expecting way way more. I think it would have been better suited for posterity to just show close up shots of her face and then the reaction shots from people in the arena. It killed the entire episode for me. And in 5 years it's going to look even worse. Look at something like HP: TDH where they use the dragon to escape from Gringotts, and that was how long ago? 5 years? And it still looks amazing. They should have bit the bullet and sunk a few more dollars into that scene.
I thought she was gonna go get the other dragons to help
I prefer clams.
I have been wanting to say something similar since last season. She's very one dimensional and honestly at this point in the series I wholeheartedly dislike her. I can't really put my finger on it.
Even if he hadn't of redeemed himself the incest thing wasn't a negative for me with him, or any of the characters really. If that's what two people want then that's what they want, it doesn't effect me at all. I actually got into an argument with co-workers about this topic lol.
I just made a post about her in the post-show discussion thread. I thought I was the only one who was getting really sick of her. I can't identify with her at all, and she seems callous and uncaring 99% of the time. The lingering reaction shots of her when Jorah was fighting reminded me of Twilight. I'm just upset because they're ruining what was at one point my favorite character. At this point I almost hope she fails.
I think it would be a nice match as far as "concept" but in practice it would be a somewhat boring brawl. I'd rather see KO/Lesnar as well but I doubt they'd risk that match-up at a WM. Too big of a chance to take on Owens at this point. She was actually from here but her sister had moved there with her new husband so I guess she decided to go there after she freaked out.
I'd find this hilarious. Not something he can get fired over.
I'm pretty sure you can complain all you want, it's just how you do it. Also most of those places have you sign a Social Media policy upon hiring, which would then definitely make it possible. Without that though I'm not sure how easy it would be.
