Owens promo was brilliant. Cena's promo was good until Cena hit Owens with the "your words aren't fight Owens fight...your words are never give up" Basically: just like I inspire your son, I inspire you too
Some people are just always gonna have a stick up their ass about Cena. He's a super hero. He gives hope. Kevin Owens is almost a man because he doesn't believe in superheroes. He doesn't believe in unconditional hope...which is what children do. It's fairy tales vs reality.
Cena wasn't calling him a bitch because of some perceived physical inadequacy. Cena is calling Owens a bitch because Owens has a problem with giving hope and believing in fairy tales
I'm ready to spend 10 hours of my life clearing out the metro tunnels to see if they're all connected
No thanks. Currently have that situation with the flyers. Having guys who are past their prime and preventing new guys from getting playing time is a hindrance. All time eagle. Perfectly timed departure
They were high on Jarret. It didn't work out
If chambers ever figures out how to keep Philly guys from going to Cuse and go to State, PSU has a chance. As it stands now, I don't think Penn State gets close unless they can get guys like the Morris bros
I find it a bit worrisome that eagles fans have to demonize someone and just can't accept that he left. Bring on the downvotes. Dude just wanted to get paid and went to the highest bidder. He can still be one of the best eagles of all time and the guy who left for money
Wasn't a reference to you. Was reference the downvotes I'm getting for speaking the truth
Andy MacDonald and Lecavalier. MacDonald was a terrible contract but Lecavalier is the risk you run with a guy like Dawkins. If you pay them, and they are past their prime, it's a terrible contract that ways you down and prevents you from developing younger guys.
Macdonald definitely held back a guy like Gus (but I guess the flyers mismanaged Gus from the start). Lecavalier definitely held back Akeson from developing
I was truly expecting Iverson as the front page player for us
Is there any chance, that if he owned up to it, people would be like "aight"?
CRUEL, but good word use
The arena will be made mostly of MCW's bricks?
Operation Shade commence
I'm hoping so. Only 2 weeks until draft
I don't feel bad for Tampa because of years of brig forced to watch that horrid trap. If you sit on a lead, you're gonna have a bad time On the other hand...fuck the Hawks. I'm conflicted
At some point you get to dap up Malik rose...so that's worth something
Tell you what: I'll give you kimmo in his prime if you don't score that short side goal on Leighton
Cleveland really needs Kyrie. That depth is already thin
Nope. Never
Maybe. I've tried to block those things from my mind
Looks like a giant nug of weed, honestly
I honestly don't believe that the show writers ever gave Stannis a fair shot. And to those who say that since Stannis killed Renly, he's not afraid to kill his kin: Renly walked away from Stannis. He was a threat and an enemy that was pleaded with. He was not the heir to the throne. Go away
It took everything to go the Cavs way (curry shooting like crap, team over performing) for the Cavs to win in OT. I just don't see them doing it for 3 more games
Thought Cena was great on commentary. That match was pretty damned good. Think about it: John Cena was asked to step aside while Neville and Owens fought it out
More like: you beat me. Congrats. Your first match. Stop acting like an entitled prick. You're new here to the WWE. And I'm gonna beat some experience into you
I was kind of surprised when lebron tackles curry on those last possessions and they spin it as "curry ran into lebron"
You'll find other frat bros at your job if you look hard enough. Or a sorority sister. I've come across more sisters in the after life, tbh
Did I just hear tanks?
We think Embiid has the range...if the foot holds up we'll know next year
Don't see him falling to the Knicks. Could mean that Hinkie has told Russell that we're going with him and no reason to try out
I SUPPORT THE DUBS BRO ALL HAIL DRAY DRAY
I'll worry when the timeline is announced.
No. For that 16 hours there was a full on question of the rebuild, though
It's said that on a lonely summer night you can hear Clips fans still saying "he'll break out this game"
Dude...not to be a dick, but there's literally 20 point guard better than MCW in the NBA. Getting that lakers pick for him was huge. Dude's shot is forever broken. Hell, Embiid's foot has a better chance of being fixed than MCW's shot
I just wouldn't put too much emphasis on losing MCW. Without improved shooting ability, dude will struggle to start in the NBA
I really liked this match. Both looked really good
Well Cleveland, half your army deserted you but you still kept on fighting. I can appreciate that. Fought hard as fuck until the last man. Cheers to you. See you next year, fam
I'm not really sold on Lavine. Embiid's status is still uncertain. Wolves are better right now, and it's not even close. But if Embiid plays and ends the season healthy, it tips to the Sixers. If Embiid doesn't play this year, Wolves are clearly better for the foreseeable picture until perhaps next year. If the Lakers ends up picking 4-8 that's big for the Sixers. Right now, Wolves are better. Sixers are rolling the dice though and could be better by season's end
I'm gonna start off with the fact that I'm a huge Sixers fan. But I'm gonna put my bias aside: Wiggins is a big deal. KAT is going to be a big deal. Rubio can't shoot the ball but his job is to distribute. Anthony Bennett still has potential. Zach Lavine is whatever, but he would be the second best (active) player on the Sixers right now. It's very possible that Saric doesn't come over until 2017-2018, where he would get a fresh deal that's not influenced by the rookie scale. Embiid can be the best player on either team, but I need to see him finish the season. With his navicular bone intact. Like I said, Wolves and it's not close right now. But the Sixers have some very interesting dice rolls coming to them in the next couple of years that could make them better than the Wolves
this is the closest thing I have to basketball for a week. the stream is definitely interesting
We may not be good on the court, but we will certainly look the best
They all look good, but that white one's the best
the white one looks so damned fresh. i love all three. i want to buy one, I'm just hesitant on who to get because, ya know, Hinkie
NOLA does look pretty sweet, not gonna lie
you know, maybe it because I literally spent fall/winter/spring watching those goons, but I think at least one of them can develop into a role player. Jakarr started to look better down the stretch. Canaan is whatever and I hear good things about McRae. We'll see
and Clips. Even if Bennett won't be good, the Wolves still have the clear cut edge
