I've not been to a McDonalds in more than 25 years. What am I missing?
1-ply if you have a septic system. I've errantly fingered my bunghole many, many times.
Accident implies no such thing.
Can you point to a worked example of what you mean?
Dick for following so close.
And by merging illegally, they accomplished exactly what they set out not to do. If they'd allowed more room in front, they could have eased up instead of over.
When we think of brood parasitism in North America, we most often envision parasitism by cow birds. However, cowbirds rarely parasitize barn swallows. Were you able to examine the contents of the nest early or after the eggs were expelled? Barn swallows often lay more than 2 eggs, and so early hatched birds may have pushed out non-hatching eggs (infertile eggs or eggs not yet ready to hatch). Those eggs (those that hatched and those that did not) could have come from the same pair, but alternatively, what you may be witness to is intraspecific brood parasitism, barn swallows trying to rear their young in the nests of others. http://www.bioone.org/doi/abs/10.3161/068.040.0201
This guy engages in the most despicable douchebaggery you can imagine. He's a college dropout that sees no value in education, which is why he's slashed both K-12 education immensely and removed $300+ million from college education. He's disbanded the science arm of the Wisconsin DNR, because who needs information to make decisions? He campaigned on growing jobs and Wisconsin is one of the poorest performers in the Midwest. He campaigned on balanced budgets and reduced taxation, but the reductions in taxes have been meager ($100 less property taxes, for instance) while the budget deficit has skyrocketed. He likened teachers and public safety workers (cops and firefighters) picketing at the state Capitol to terrorists. He wants Wisconsin to be the Mississippi of the North. Mississippi! Are you fucking kidding me. If he becomes president, we'll all be living in Mississippi.
I read that he's reduced weight, to 206 or so, down from what at one time was around 222. Hopefully this reduction in weight allows him to better keep his feet under him, allowing him to maximize his incredible skillset. I'd love to see him as the 4th or 5th S. I see them keeping Abdullah, Parker, Branch, Kelcie, and Commings, with Berry on NFI.
I hate IT at my place of employment. They think security trumps capability. I think if they sacrifice capability for security, they aren't good enough for their job. IT works when no one hears from them EVER, but I fucking deal with them damn near everyday. I hate IT.
I wish it were that way. The problem is that IT isn't judged by how they maximize (or even optimize) organizational capacity - there are no metrics of capacity or accomplishment by which to judge them. Why? Because they don't exist to satisfy the mission of the organization. It's those of us doing the business of the enterprise that are judged by what we accomplish. And right now, because of IT's incompetence in keeping organization resources secure, the organization's ability to accomplish its mission is hamstrung. If a mechanic can't keep a vehicle functioning well, the mechanic is replaced. The mechanic isn't responsible for maintaining the vehicle AND policing the streets on which it operates. IT should not be responsible for organizational security. An entity separate from IT is needed, one that allows IT to do information technology rather than information security (IS). Bring in people trained specifically in security to handle information security, rather than leave it in the hands of individuals with AA degrees who cannot and do not possess the education to cover the breadth of IT let alone IS.
Unless the Pope mentioned something about limiting the human population, it isn't enough.
The error pointing to the registry makes me wonder whether you have the immortality key? Have you used WinBUGS before on this machine?
I'm advocating for more competency by paying for more educated people focusing on one task rather than two. With as much corporate espionage (e.g., St Louis Cardinals-Houston Astros affair, government employee data breach) going on these days, it's time to find an alternative way to accommodating security without costing us our ability to operate. Currently, conflating IS with IT means we don't, and can't, have good IT.
If he clears waivers, he'll probably get an IR designation.
I'm a member, though I've not done anything for/with them yet. There's often sample design problems, analytical chores, etc. Some might require coding, but there's a variety coming in all the time and you can pick how involved you want to be.
It's all pro bono, no dues, only the time folks invest in it.
I did this once. Except when I went for the phone, the guy turned away and I ended up poking him in the eye. He left the theatre, though, to finish his call. He also called the cops and I was arrested. The cop REALLY wanted me to apologize to the guy but I wouldn't. Would do all again. So, beware, if you answer the phone during a movie, you might get poked in the eye.
My wife affected an English accent after we spent a week in Canterbury. She couldn't help it. I was incredibly embarrassed the whole time, but the Brits didn't seem to mind.
I can't for the life of me understand the fascination with a serial killer. How can this be a show?
There is no reason you couldn't go to graduate school right now. You may have to make up some of the coursework, but if you find something that leverages your educational background (e.g., diseases affecting both humans and wildlife), somebody would almost certainly love to have you.
Mismanagement cut the population... Hell, overpopulation is the cause of global warming. Depopulation is an entirely reasonable solution.
Most campus bookstores I'm familiar with do not allow you to stroll around with a book bag. You got to check those things.
What country are you in, because that won't work anywhere I've been in the U.S.
I choose to believe this is really a debate about taxonomy. 41% side with the idea that birds are dinosaurs.
I wouldn't call this a repeated measures analysis. A repeated measure requires you to repeat the measure, and as best as I can find, they did not test a subject more than once. Edit: misread their procedure. I still don't understand the worry about unevenness of sample size.
&gt;It's truly weird symptom of privilege that management dictates to IT. Would they tell plumbers how to get the toilets hooked up for 10,000 employees? Nope. IT has to facilitate the mission of the organization, so of course management is going to dictate what is required. IT has to make it work, or they aren't good enough for the task and should admit as much.
I'm not trying to defend management. But I also don't have a lot of faith in IT.
There is no capacity for 'balance' when you have 7 billion people.
But those dance moves. There's no excuse for those moves.
Is a Pilsner a light lager?
If we wanted cats to maintain a 'natural' life, we would not have domesticated them. Cats belong indoors, there are no ifs, ands, or buts about.
Looks like a robin to me as well.
Cats kill whether they are domesticated or not. Cats belong indoors.
Unfortunately, it isn't common enough.
Did you miss the part about it being so crowded they have people pile backstage to get around? Sounds like a nightmare.
It seems Gelman assumes there have only been two fake bakers in 20 years. There have only been two who have been caught. Regardless, the system in which science proceeds isn't meant to guard against fraud. Sure, it'll eventually overcome the consequences of it, but it can be a slow process. The system that does guard science against fraud is the legal system. Fraud is fraud wherever it is perpetuated.
Just because you're signaling does not mean I have to slow to allow you in. Plan sufficiently far enough in advance and you won't have to impede the progress of others.
Perhaps. But that's for them to decide. Not 'we'.
Perhaps the question should be, why should human morality apply to other species? If it does, then the question that naturally results is, why doesn't the 'morality' of other species apply to us? Rape, extra-pair copulation, infanticide, etc, all occur naturally in the animal kingdom. Are these things wrong? Of course they aren't, because right and wrong do not apply.
You misunderstand me. Humans have no stake in whether the wolf eats the moose, or the wildebeest outruns the lion. It matters not to us whether a robin abandons her best or a deer starves in winter. These are the natural processes of the Earth and to think we, We, know better is hubris of the highest order.
If an alien species of similar intellect and awareness as us engages in what we would deem immoral behavior, so be it. Perhaps it's slavery, ritual murder, infanticide, cannibalism, none of these are things we have a stake in. This is for them to address, not us. We don't have to like it, we may find it obscene, but our morality doesn't apply to them. How can it? How do we apply our morality to them? We say, you must stop this obscene behavior or..., or what? Our morality is ours and ours alone. Everything else between species is negotiated.
Perhaps. Male lions that take possession of a pride will kill all of the young to bring the females into heat faster. Is that wrong? Of course not. Some species, such as bees and ants, will sacrifice themselves for the good of the hive or colony. Is this suicide immoral? Of course not. It's what these animals do. To be judged by our standards of morality makes no sense.
War is a human concern, and therefore a subject to which morality applies.
We know what organisms are not of us. Morality only applies to us. One thing you've not considered is the practicality of morality. What purpose does moral behavior serve? What purpose does it serve to require moral behavior from animals? Morality serves to govern human behavior, not animal.
We ought to behave morally but there is no mechanism by which that requirement can be manifested among nonhumans.
Net happiness has no bearing on an organism's fitness. We do not know whether some organisms even experience happiness. So, clearly, to these organisms your morality has no place.
You do not understand what an ecosystem is. We cannot have a humane ecosystem AND allow carnivory, for instance.
The carnivores will have to go. That isn't an ecosystem, that's an engineered system, and you're mouthing nonsense if you think the carnivores have got to go (extinct?). It is not moral to drive species to extinction.
I'm not equating natural with ethical, only that morality is a human construct for governing human behavior.
