Ethanol is the alcohol in alcoholic beverages, so yes. Don't drink E-85 though, the mixer tastes like gasoline...
Gives new meaning to "raising" an alert.
Getting my cock into the pit is really easy if you know what I mean. But then the flight Marshall tackled me to the ground and wrestled me back to my seat. As he threw me to my seat he said "Wat teh fuckbags is r0ng wIt u?!?!?". I then confidently turn my head to him and reply "Well why else would they call it a cockpit.". The 92 year old man next to me very slowly turns his head to me having the most stunned expression I've ever seen in a person in my entire life. As he looks at me a single tear runs down his face and he chokes the words "You made me believe again.". Immediately the plane flies into space to return to its home planet. P.S. We die on the way back because this woman managed to get her hands on a can of soda and blew up the plane. The End Stay tuned for for the next episode of Dragon Ball Z
You know.... Part of your dating problem might be your approach. You aren't supposed to literally hang your pole out until one grabs it.
Behind their back or to their face.
I drove a '69 VW camper all over SF. Through Chinatown, up and down Lombard, Fillmore, you name it. You get pretty good pretty quick. Helps that I learned stick by driving it home from where we bought it in Berkeley to Daly City in mid-afternoon traffic.
In GTA terms, this is normal.
Like roommates you sometimes snuggle with, but they never help with the bills.
Mmmmmm toffeeee.
Sort of.
I did say that no one tree is that old.
When you think only women and people of color can be victims of racism/sexism, you're sexist/racist.
&gt;When women and people of colour are telling you you're being racist and/or sexist...
Because they make generalizations on "the rest of Reddit."
I think YouTube should make it policy to never put ads before that vid. Just ruins the whole thing.
Nonono. You get 20 guys to come rip up their yard, then they'll stand around pointing at things and shielding their eyes from the sun for two weeks. Then they'll halt work for three months for an environmental review, then scrap the whole project due to cost overruns and someone will just build a Kohl's there instead.
-1 for creeping +12 for finding the best possible buried treasure. Heheheh
Or, possibly, it could show both groups that neither group is bad as a whole, and both can be victimized.
Duuuudde.... You saw that too? We're like, mind melded!
&gt;smush mitten Olympics I don't believe I've heard that term before. Is this some sort of lesbian initiation ritual?
....the horrible scars have cleared up, my life is 100% better!
Yup. Mmm-hmm. I'd get deathly in her hallows, or something.
Speed bag with shaker insert. Send me a T-shirt when you're rich.
New cars. All my cars are / have been less than the downpayment on a new car, and they were all awesome old VWs.
Sort of true, sort of not.
Rent. Bills. Cars. Tools. Professional electronics. Travel expenses. Investment purchases. Things that are necessities or actually worth $350.
I generally don't spend even close to that on single frivolous items. Sure, I've spent many times that on frivolous items over time, but at least in individual servings it was a lot closer to the reasonable value of the item. I'd also take the blame if my own laziness caused the loss of a valued item. Also, if you can't afford to lose a $350 pair of pants, you can't afford a $350 pair of pants.
A bit...?
A Ferrari is a lot different than a Toyota (Though also quite frivolous). A $350 pair of jeans is not 14 times better engineered than a decent $25 pair of jeans. Hell, damn things can't even handle the dryer. An original Picasso is a one-off work of art, the jeans just have a fancy tag on them. Trust me. I work with mechanical things. I know quality is worth paying for. It's a constant battle to find well manufactured parts. I also know that the more expensive option isn't always the better quality. In general, I don't believe in the while "image is everything" aspects of of our culture.
It's whoever "the other people" like at any given moment.
So....she should go to lady jail?
Wat?
Out extreme? No, nobody "out extremes" Fox News. They are the original cable "News" station created explicitly to promote an agenda. All the others are just riding their coat tails. It was more a joke than an actual belief. Just pointing out a classic case of "Whataboutism" that I see any time someone besmirches Fox. Just because "the other side" does it too, doesn't make either "side" right in doing so.
Thanks Freud. But seriously, I'm just cold and my arms are tired from working all day. I wouldn't mind some conversation. Conversely, if I'm sitting all splayed out, there's a good chance I'm just comfortable and would rather you leave me alone for now.
Given the choice between a black crackhead and you, I'd take the crackhead. At least he's got an excuse for being a shitbag.
Do they complain about/fear Mexicans? You didn't specify.
Relax. It's a joke.
Or captured into a degrading orbit until you hit the horizon or are ripped apart by the high energy particles forming the cloud around it.
I know how orbits work. Source: way too much Kerbal. In star wars fictional tech, hyperspace is an extradimensional mode of travel. It doesn't break the law of *c* because they are traveling through warped spacetime at less than relativistic velocities. Hence when they are pulled out of hyperspace by the gravity of a massive black hole, they are susceptible to capture if close enough. Think of it like you suddenly appeared next to a large celestial body traveling at less than escape velocity. You'd be captured and thrown into an orbit consistent with your given velocity.
Bear was only trying to show him a stoney time at the mountain!
This thread is full of people who can't accept/comprehend that there are multiple reasons for everything, and every situation is different. Society is complex.
Driving a truck on the AlCan in the sixties was dangerous and sometimes brutal work.
I'd buy it.
It'll probably get more dates though.
And then your wife will throw her titties in the officers hands.
It was a TIFU a couple days ago. Kid born in '98 got an iPod touch and thought him and his little buddy were cool "men." So their online handle in Runescape or something was "itouchmen98."
Why were you in such a rush to name them?
Beat me to the pun. I bet with your quick wit you'd be able to trick someone into painting a fence for you.
Pretty sure the Irish skew this. They all die from booze, but have eleventeen kids first.
No. Just no. He does a 90 into the flips and finishes the other 90 at the end to land it. Quad flip 180.
