I'd guess discussing potential problems helps more than complaining about discussing potential problems O_o
I would posit that one's literal genitals can and should be differentiated from one whose personality resembles genitals. Indeed, can a male be a triflin' cuntflap, though he is lacking actual flappy vagina flesh? I would say yes.
&gt;Can you elaborate? After having discussed politics online for more than a decade, I'd guess astroturfers are very real and far more common than public sentiment suggests. Do you agree? Also, what can be done to ensure narrative control doesn't get out of hand? How does one dissent if faced with systemic and prearranged astroturfing?
Could someone familiar with the situation explain the correlation the article's author is implying?
Shouldn't we try?
Uh... prioritize?
Craigslist?
I want to know what's actually occurring so as to ensure existence isn't an untenable abberation.
What if complaining is the only immediately available recourse? What else am I supposed to do while figuring out who to punch?
This is the sort of question we should be asking here.
Thanks for replying :D I'm 32, male, in Rockford IL, don't have a car, and I'm already homeless. The biggest problem right now is a lack of amenities (showers, laundry, transportation, etc.). There's a rescue mission in town, but it isn't within walking distance of the support I do have, and has strict christian proselytizing and a 5 pm curfew. I'd probably be content working on my art and stories while homeless, but I don't know if that's tenable due to the weather and circumstances -- there isn't much for me here without my family. I have places to sleep where I won't freeze to death, some clothes, and a cheap tablet I can use for internet stuff, but that's about it.
My exact point is that I'm willing and capable of working part time while working on my art, but I don't have freely available amenities *or* what I need for my creative endeavors. Thanks for your response :)
I know that feeling -- what should one do if you want to be a decent person, but the behavior of others makes you want to say "While y'all chucklefucks are testing and judging me I'm *actually* trying to solve *real* problems and save you fucktards from yourselves!" For me the real issue is finding a way not to develop a blithe disdain for those who lack the ability/motivation to look beyond what's immediately obvious and comprehend the implications of their lack of critical thought and intellectual honesty.
Fields of study like this are why we should have aspect interaction standards, imo.
Humans have the ability to *choose* to be moral and rational actors, therefore we can decide that human nature is simply what is genuinely ethical, and I'll beat your face in with a stick if you try to enforce anything else. There -- philosophy: solved.
I think part of the problem is the intuitive vibe nihilism radiates -- if one truly believes in nihilism, wouldn't they be more apt to forsake moral realism? If one doesn't believe in nihilism in earnest, but espouses it anyway, isn't that an indication that they're trying to rationalize something bad? I trade out nihilism for the rhetorically superior ethical hedonism.
If people don't exist how could they enjoy existing?
They will be.
If hedonism actually can be ethical, then what purpose is there for antinatalism that's also congruent with said ethics? If we can maximize and maintain viable ethical hedonism, shouldn't we also maximize the cognizance that gets to enjoy pleasure? That's why I added the "ethical" qualifier to my hedonism narrative.
I fully intend to look into bowls for varying reasons, in as much as bowl looking is ethical and/or necessary. Here's a quote: "If you're hard up to stop people from looking at things and you can't or won't explain why you're either ignorant of the implications or actively bad. I'll explain why if you'd like."
A) To what extent can we determine what is true? B) If determinism is valid and perception can affect circumstances, wouldn't conflating nihilism with fatalism potentially foment a self-fulfilling paradox wherein nihilism is only valid if we decide it's valid? If so, the choice is obvious. Ethical hedonism + objective ethics ftw.
&gt;That could be said about any position, from nihilism to epiphenomenalism to communitarianism to mathematical Platonism. So I don't see how this is a problem for nihilists, or (more generally) those who "forsake" moral realism. Does nihilism encourage ethics? If we forsake ethics in favor of [predatory objectivism](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=I_Juh7Xh_70) (anarcho-capitalism, natural selection, punitative receptor aspects, etc.), would you deign to count yourself among the few who would climb to the top of the shit-heap? &gt;This makes know sense. Yes, I do. Thanks for noticing. &gt;Why not any other axiological or metaethical theory? My goal is to foment and maintain what is genuinely ethical. I believe an egalitarian and genuinely mutually beneficial post scarcity existence is possible and sustainable, and grokking that specific net effect dynamic doesn't require much more than basic critical thinking skills -- trying to slap down arbitrary and detrimental philosophies while I comprehend and parse what is actually ideal shouldn't have to be difficult, and I'm starting to wonder how many actual rational actors exist in this mutual aspect. O_o [I'll send you an explanation of what is genuinely ethical once I gain enough comprehension and fluency to explain existence simply.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JWRHe6n5ytM) No, my ego ain't the problem. Thanks for your interest.
Could we help the future by discerning where blame belongs?
[What if me am like woo?](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WtMlB-BEMso) Can't we be pragmatic without forsaking supposition?
Though I don't necessarily ascribe to the more rapturous hopes of singularity connoisseurs (I'd prefer to make something good happen rather than hoping for it), I don't actually sense much reason to accept puritanical pragmatism -- should we risk overlooking some less obvious paradigm for the sake of intellectual superiority?
If we're referring to predatory aggrandising (the sort that comprehensively diminishes others, and lacking a morally justified rationalization), I would tentatively agree. [Ego, however, isn't the actual problem, imo.](https://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/3ypqg9/man_suffers_only_because_he_takes_seriously_what/) Personally, I perform better with my ego intact, and would consider attempts to diminish my ego arbitrary, especially since I believe my existence is worthwhile.
&gt;I'm not sure what your question about "ontological systems" is asking. How would you alter existence to be more pleasant and rational if you found we existed within a system that isn't already ideal?
Ooh, neat. So if you were stupid and/or brave enough to front on elder gawds and cosmic horrors for the sake of a better existence, how would you begin? Please feel free to answer in realistic or Lovecraftian terms.
If I actually discover or contrive a more ideal system, and could prove as such, would you help me enact it?
If me am make more good and less bad, you halp me do dat?
I was trying to be funny -- sorry. Basically, I'd like to steer philosophy in a direction geared towards determining and enacting what is genuinely good rather than parsing and classifying paradigms.
I'm discussing the nature of being, isn't that in line with ontology, or is that a misnomer?
If you were going to, how would you gear up?
No, if you had the cojones and ability to battle azazelthothkalisis or some such sort of cosmic fart clump, how would you start?
If circumstances suggested the preexisting system isn't ideal, and you were confident you could make something better happen, how would you address the issue?
I ain't asking about what a god would be. If given the opportunity, how would you improve existence if faced with the stated scenario?
Honestly? Abject terror made anxiety seem less important in comparison.
Could I plz get directions to the appropriate room? Thanks.
So how could one alter circumstances to make more fun and less ouch for biological life? I actually have some ideas, but they hinge in part upon the notion that we could both establish an effective rapport with supposed demiurges and/or contrive recourse so as to achieve utility homeostasis sans stagnation.
And what if it looks like I'd be happier if I was more dangerous?
There ain't enough glitter, nigga.
If it has desires akin to catharsis rather than following imperatives that don't account for the nuance of cognizant life.
If you're really a Bernie supporter, wouldn't you press the narrative that he's ultimately electable?
[Tales From A Horrifying Future](https://www.reddit.com/r/savethesmabs)
Comprehensive knowledge of the actual circumstances and someone I can actually trust.
Your platitude doesn't suggest things have to be like that.
Hey, I could use some extra cash. How much does centcom pay?
I still like the idea of reforming and bolstering UN security forces -- if operating effectively and in an intellectually honest manner, wouldn't an international force equate to less questionable invasions and more narrative integrity (yes, I believe narrative integrity is important and favorable).
I still like the idea of reforming and bolstering UN security forces -- if operating effectively and in an intellectually honest manner, wouldn't an international force equate to less questionable invasions and more narrative integrity (yes, I believe narrative integrity is important and favorable).
&gt;While I won't deny that I'm being snarky here, the point is that further cetralization of power above and beyond what is already the case, is more likely to produce corruption than justice. Are you trying to tell me an effective international delegation would be *more* corrupt than a gaggle of power brokers vying for national dominion? I'm vying for an ideal net effect scheme. If you wanna play checkers go find a kremlin fuckbuddy to sling scripted narrative ploys at.
