The only "supporting evidence" is the fact he isn't voicing Big Boss. It would be cool if him/Snake made a cameo but I don't care
I kind of agree.
RIP old hot Anko.
You're right Raw was on Spike (was thinking TNA) you sure WWE was on Spike when Adams show was on Spike? WWE left Spike in 2005
Got anymore of that Max and Chloe?....
Minato sage mode looks great in both versions imo. A filler of Minato learning sage mode would be great.
Im dreading the feels the anime will make with Naruto saying goodbye to Minato.
Idk why but I can't see those spoilers
Yeah, it's not how he wants to live his life but he's done a hell of a lot more than people expected him to do. Terrible tragic thing to happen but it's great to see his sense of humour and his ambition to run again.
Did he get the hook out?
Naruto
So did Hiruzen fight Oro's arms until he was Edo?
Room for one more on your sunken ship?
Wat? Both are fine.
Nope. Enjoyed every second of Bloodborne.
Love it
Fantastic mix.
People might not like it but I love this plot twist, unless Kishi is trolling
Love the plot twits and Yamato looks old, looks older than Kakashi
I'm sorry but it died with Reach and stayed dead with 343i's poor attempt with 4
That was burnt by the awfulness of Reach,4 and MCC. 5's beta felt like a cod ripoff.
Because they own the ip, they can either kill the ip and never use it(banjo and conker) or support it like with Killer Instinct. If Ono/Capcom went to MS for funding/resources for SFV and there was a profit to be made, I doubt Phil would've refused.
Thanks Sherlock Holmes.
Because he's being salty and a jackass imo. CM Punk did that in bad taste and Ric is being Ric.
Then any medical Jutsu user that used chakra to heal puts their DNA into people? Is Garaa part Granny Chiyo? Naruto's heart filled with Sakura's DNA?
I did before but now it isn't free.
Never understood the JarJar hate
It sucks I'll have to wait for the dub, don't like DBZ in Japanese.
Best thing.
Just watch the documentary "Courtney &amp; Kurt" on Netflix. Great documentary and It made me a believer of the conspiracy.
I believe Minato would've been able to stop them peacefully with or without Itachi and Shisui's Kotoamatsukami. Minato probably would've reversed Tobirama's decision of separating the villages.
Jon would've made a great live play by play.
I wonder about DayZ on Ps4
Classic Square Japan, announcing things that they barely started on.
I believe they said it goes through 699
Would he even see Kushina in the after life? Reaper death seal keeps your soul wherever and Minato was set free unlike Kushina.
You're more than likely right because I just rememberred Minato performed the seal. I mixed him taking part of her chakra for Naruto.
Sorry I got a bit confused for a second lol.
If Activision will allow it. People don't realize publishers need to allow it and I don't see many doing it free(MS paying them), Sony has to pay for games on PSNow and that's why there's a price and not a huge library.
Kakashi will take the Sharingan.
Toriyama will find an excuse for Gohan.
No it isn't......
Yes. Danny is great but I preferred Jon and Arin's chemistry.
Not to make bad games like 4 and MCC?
That's probably the Kakashi costume that I'll use the most.
What? MGSV: GZ, Injustice, First Light, I consider Valiant Heats AAA because of Ubisoft, Oddworld help made the PSOne what it is and imo is a AAA and now Driveclub. Idk how you can say Sony has shown no interest going into Year 2 when there has been "more AAA" than GwG and arguably better Indies on Plus than GwG.
If the publishers give permission for BC. I don't see publishers adding their games to the service without compensation from MS, that's an issue with PSNow.
#MY DICK HURTS!
I never said defeat but Kamui, Tsukuyomi, Izanami, reaper death seal, edo tensei, Sword of Totsuka/Yata mirror, sage of six paths tools could defeat Z warriors imo.
Only 1? They're dragging out the DLC, it should be two this week and the final two next week.
