that engine never fails to make my head turn
I've been on CloudyG3 for a few weeks now and I have 0 issues
or maybe your shits aren't as .. resilient as some of ours
well if your offspring consistently off themselves before coming of age, then I'd say you've proven yourself most unfit
I'm sorry, did someone abort into your cereal this morning?
the flame front travels slower. In a sense diesel burns while gasoline explodes, so when you increase the RPM on a diesel engine, the pistons start to move faster than the flame can travel which creates wonky pressures during the power and exhaust stroke while sending a ton of energy straight out of the exhaust (even more than usual)
i'm slightly jaded from reading about all the american noobs asking questions that they would have known the answers to if they had the privilege of a proper motorcycle riding course with a proper test for their license do you guys want to hear something shocking? I *failed* my first test. I have all kinds of excuses for it some of which I still believe (my first time in the fog), but fact of the matter remains that I had a proper course of more than 15 hours with an proper instructor that always taught 2 students at a time at most, I really was paying attention and wanted to succeed, and I'm really not a dumbfuck, but I STILL FAILED. I failed it because it was hard and I couldn't do it in the circumstances of that day I got it the next time in excellent weather i feel sorry for all the noob riders that got their license and their bike without even the slight anxiety that you might fail a test, because that just means that you didn't get the kind of education that you'd want before riding by yourself
Of course, they're doing the right thing. But I'm not sure if the internet is the right place to learn all of this because people sometimes end up discussing things that would be easily cleared up if someone with experience and authority had eliminated all the obviously wrong answers from the discussion first.
As far as I know those batteries can pretty much report whatever capacity they wish, a reported 3000mah doesn't actually mean that the battery is as good as the stock one
I'm thinking using the in-store PA system to call out the douchebag, that ought to get everybody's attention
Did you know that the visors on full face helmets are required to be shatterproof? Now you know why!
here [ftfy](http://i.imgur.com/KO6uBeh.jpg)
I didn't have a screen protector for my last phone and I don't have one now
it's for when you think that gorilla glass is just a marketing name and not any more scratch-resistant than regular glass
semantics, you know that
you'd think I know that given that I have a Dutch passport. Interesting video nonetheless
I lived in Groningen for years, we referred to our country as Holland and didn't care. The ones who *did* care were always a bit odd
that car is an abomination. I mean what good is a roll-cage if you outright destroy any ability for your car to turn a corner, let alone race on a track?
Well yes, it's probably completely cosmetic anyway
Plus that you'd normally get off on the left side, so to GTFO on the right side is extra hard
I would've gotten as far as "what the f-" before her rear fender brings me back to reality with a thud
Ysmildr is always 100% alert
yeah I was thinking of just hooking up one of those battery banks to my camera. AFAIK it will run on USB power without problems, so I could just put the battery bank in my jacket and run the wire up to my helmet. Or, I could duct-tape the battery to my helmet for extra sillyness
cheaper than an amazon.com 10.000mAh power bank? You're right though, that's a great way to power all kinds of stuff
So where did you get your license? Because I cannot relate with your comment about your teachers skill level at all, and my examiner was clearly a life long rider who professed his preference for Ducatis and clearly loved to ride fast. Also, the exams were *hard*
&gt; How do we get a developer to fix it? Buy them lots of beer
Didn't you get the memo? We hate thin people now! /r/thinpeoplehate I mean, they're so easy to hate with their disgusting thin bodies, I wish I could open up my own McDonalds so I could invite them all over for that goddamn burger that they so desperately need!
It's a sanitation problem if you accidentally mix your meats and then just ship it
in my experience: yes
remember Destruction Derby?
dedicated servers will be coming with the next patch apparently
wasn't it rossi who once said that he doesn't know either, just that it works?
Try crossing the border to Germany for a change, it's not far away I promise!
circle jerk? it's just a law
Get a bigger battery, problem solved! 6000mAh has a way of not draining as fast as 2000mAh
Have you cleared the defaults for chrome?
boomsticks indeed go boom
&gt; with the exception of the beamer pistol [beamer OP](http://gfycat.com/DefiniteHalfEeve) if you can handle it
well before I started using keepass, my passwords weren't known for their rock solid security either. I think it's a huge improvement especially with 2 factor authentication, and I'm not entirely convinced that something like lastpass is actually better. If nothing else, I prefer using something that keeps working when I'm not online
well honestly it's not as if I'm playing other games. I mean I could, but I don't
I think you have to be dead inside, that's pretty much it
I can't answer your question, I can only compare it to my previous phone (nexus 4) and say it's about equal with a warmer tone
license plate says OP is Dutch. It so happens to be that the biggest online gathering of Dutch riders is at motor-forum.nl
just gently shove that stick over there
I think the skin is more of an issue than the SoC. I mean, what good is having lollipop when most of it is hidden? And what good is a good camera if it's hampered when you remove the stock skin and install CM12? Plus you'd have to get an extended battery to get the same sort of battery life as the droid turbo
at 240 euro it's a STEAL. I paid 315 for a *refurbished* 32gb one just a few weeks ago, in Germany
Oh right, the correct nomenclature would be "morbidly obese woman" of course, does that work better for you?
Well, basically you're saying that you really really don't like what they're doing, but you're staying anyway, with a weak sauce assurance that you will be watching them. I don't see why they should even take notice
&gt; Replace "cops" with "some thief at the airport" didn't these cops just fucking steal 11 large? and they'll get away with it too
that's a great photo, you don't often see photos of tight turns like that!
