Most of reddit thinks anything older than three or four years is going to explode any second.
Source: every skinnyfat who thinks they can "eat whatever they want and not get fat." I was one of them once.
Get a myfitnesspal account and log everything that goes into your mouth for a week or two. That'll explain very clearly why you never gain weight despite all the food you think you eat.
&gt; The too expensive excuse always baffles me considering so many Americans get their meals from eating out. It would be considerably cheaper to cook very healthy meals at home. Oh god, don't bait reddit into this discussion. If you think this thread is full of excuses...
Same here. Took a while to come around and get used to a new guy there, but damn, Cory is great at calling a baseball game.
It's the little known fifth turtle, Retardatello.
Muhammed Comcast.
Don't sweat it. I'd seriously up the calories a bit and just stick to it for a month. See how that goes.
Poutine
The Benjamin Button trailer with Arcade Fire's "My Body is a Cage". Saw it in the theater and thought holy shit I need to see that. It wasn't that great.
Have you ever actually seen a dick before?
my car explodes?
Does a vasectomy count? If so, me.
You wouldn't want to live in Minnesota then.
I would have gone crazy. I had plenty of time after work to snuggle with my baby.
It's really not that fucking hard. Certainly not hard enough that I couldn't hold a job while doing it.
He's right though.
These people seems to think a job takes up 100% of your time and if you have a year off you'd spend ever spare second snuggling with your new baby. edit: I guess the downvoters really believe this is what parenting is like.
Why the hell would that worry you? It's how markets work.
Tell that to our resident army of "my pit wouldn't hurt a fly" redditors.
No one's forcing us to eat it in excess either.
This is why some people are poor.
For one person? Don't see the problem.
Who gives a shit? It sounds like it was a fantasy of hers and the money was just icing on the cake.
and he's very expensive
I doubt many of them are buying 20k Corollas.
Crock pot, man. Crock pot everything.
There are shit loads of jobs with emotional and mental exhaustion. Do you really think teachers are the only ones who deal with that? And yes, not everyone is cut out to be a teacher, much like not everyone is cut out to be a cop or ditch digger or doctor or retail clerk. Seriously, get over yourselves.
Yeah, I cut out the regular soda 10-12 years ago and I can barely make it through a can anymore. Between the overwhelming sweetness and the realization of how much sugar I'm ingesting, I just can't do it.
Again, reddit with this weird idea that any car that's a few years old is going to explode at any moment. Take decent care of them and they'll treat you just fine. Plus, it's not like new cars never break down.
I make no money and pay $1,000/month for this gigantic pickup. What do?
Buy a $50 push mower off craigslist.
I will never understand why guys do this. It always makes you look like you have a weak jaw and a double chin.
Because perpetual outrage is more important than actually being free to go.
I wouldn't expect him to even know what the hell that was. I'm not sure what the guy was trying to prove by pointing it out. It's not like an FBI badge or something.
But it achieves the opposite. You just end up defining your jaw line half way up your face and looking like you've got a double chin. It's a really weird look.
Well, it's Jeter, so of course it's overrated.
I think a lot of gun loving folks hate these clowns too. It gives all of them a bad name. Like you said, I don't know the guy walking around with a fucking assault rifle and I have no idea what his intentions are. I think these open carry groups do this shit to try to make it more common so people don't freak out when they see someone with one. Because wouldn't we all feel so much safer if everyone was wandering around with guns strapped to their backs like it's the wild fucking west again.
Well, he tried getting the kid to comply, which the kid didn't. He tried tasering him, that didn't work. Now the kid's on top of him punching him in the head. What exactly do you expect him to do?
it's not slut shaming, it's shaming the bitch who went around preaching abstinence only and making big money doing it
Who the hell cares about passing on your genes? Does anyone have a kid for that reason? That's the dumbest shit I've ever heard.
They actually pass each other.
That he likes to fuck younger women? Jesus, the dude is only 38.
And convincing Christian conservatives that they're being persecuted is the political equivalent of shooting fish in a barrel.
put a plate full of french fries in front of him, that'll shut him up for a while
I'm in a profession full of wealthy, white, generally conservative Christian men. You wouldn't believe how often I read shit like "the white Christian man is the only person you can legally persecute in this country!" These are people who've never seen an ounce of persecution in their fucking lives. I know, I'm one of them, minus the conservative Christian part. Being a white guy in this country is still like winning the genetic lottery.
I'm loving this dude's campaign already. Between him and Trump this should be a fun ride.
&gt;Somehow not being able to persecute others is in itself persecution? God, exactly right. My own sister was bitching about it on Facebook yesterday, saying shit like "don't hate me for my opinions!" And it's like, bitch, you guys as a group voted to prohibit a group of people from getting married even though their marriage doesn't affect you one bit. And somehow she's the one who's feeling hated. It's mind blowing.
What, being a hard worker isn't a good enough defense?
Tell them God gave you a bad heart and science fixed it.
