It's work, but $40 of stickers to raise a price $100 is an investment shady people would make.
They're playing Fun Fun Fun Fest in Austin this year! Whoa, Buddy!
I actually imagine it's like an acid trip for a dog. Think about it: dogs get a whole lot of information from their super sensitive nostrils. They sniff so much on walks... Driving has to push all that info in at highway speeds! All the smells blasting into their nose, like listening to every radio station at once! It's gotta be wild.
Start with a dehumidifier. It could just be damp.
Habitat for Humanity will take that furniture, also.
I think that the difference comes from the depth of understanding, if that makes sense. Any teenager can write a song about anarchy after reading the definition in the dictionary or getting misinformation from friends... When you get to bands like Propaghandi or the Dead Kennedys, the lyrics seem simple but cover more intensive to topics, something you'd have to be at least a little well-read to understand. This comes out really well when songs discuss specific political events, or get into a vocabulary that's more esoteric. You can still write fucking goofy songs anyway, though. I mean, Dead Kennedys did "Rawhide," and "Stealing People's Mail" for crying out loud. I think something that gets forgotten or dismissed is that, sometimes when these songs are written, the people writing them aren't informed or just young and dumb. The songs get popular, people love 'em, they stick around. There's nothing wrong with it, just like there is nothing wrong with goofy songs, or sings you just don't agree with. As long as you remember there's always more to it, more to learn, and more out there, it'll be alright.
I wear one on my indoor trainer. Just in case.
Pretty sure the empire considered it, but with the stormtroopers aim? Fuggettaboutit.
I rode a smaller one, once... About a 36-40 inch wheel, maybe? No matter if you're used to fixies and not coasting, or riding tall bikes, it's still weird. When you take a turn, your legs/hips have to flex to follow the wheel and not stay perpendicular to the frame, like they normally do. Also, wheelies are really fucking hard.
Any time I used oiled paper, I used the same exposure time as I would for a transparency. Most of my prints, however, didn't have super fine details to lose, so that might need to be taken into account. If you're asking how long it'll take with those bulbs at that power... You might need to Google a good resource and start running tests.
I think there might be some confusion between idea that it's "arbitrary" versus "arbitration," which uses a non-court system of settling disputes. It's still legally binding, since both parties agree to the process before going into it, and have to abide by it once the decision is rendered. It's just not a "real" court.
"Can't spell 'feet' without 'eet!'" Nom nom nom.
"I like small tits, but this is ridiculous." Groucho Marx
I'll throw this out there, but I don't know if there's a separate set of steps for a 1x set up. The standard way of checking is to wrap the chain around the two largest cogs without looping through the derailleur. Add two whole links, and there you go, perfect chain length. With a 1x, it sends like the logic would be just as sound. The front D doesn't offer any pull on the chain, so not having one shouldn't affect it at all. Perhaps your b-limit screw isn't set correctly? That adjusts the angle of the dangle of your derailleur. If it's set too slack, there might be some slap when you're in a smaller cog. I just recently set up a 1x for road riding, and I used that method to set my chain length, with no problems. There might be someone out there with better answers for you.
Is that at Sheetz? I love ordering food without talking to people.
That sounds awesome. More so than my old shop's grease trap method. That thing filled fast, smelled bad, and was hell to clean.
In legal parlance, "missile" can mean any object that's thrown or launched. Doesn't have to be a warhead, but if someone launched a Warhead candy at your car, it'd be a missile. Source: Watched "Ally McBeal" one time.
They look like mine, except my toes are more sequentially sized.
This.
Just ask yourself, how many black people do you see flying the Confederate flag? Ever?
I saw that a bit when I was in town a couple of weeks ago. I don't now, nor ever, like seeing tags in the woods. Abandoned buildings is fine, even abandoned buildings in the woods... But don't fuck with nature. If graffiti is a protest against urban blight and colorlessness, then nature is already the antidote. Sorry. /rant
I think I heard that the Grimes location shut down? Am I totally wrong about that?
Records are surprisingly resilient to cutting. What was used? A dremel? Coping saw? Tiny knives?
I've cycled (no pun intended) through almost every handlebar style... Flats, bullhorns, moustache, shallow risers... But I always come back to the drops! They just work so perfectly.
For me, (and what I think is common practice) is that you spend most of your time on the hoods. That means that your drop bars are working similarly to bullhorns, if you've got a good set up of brakes and bars and they are positioned correctly. The drops are used, but not for most of your time riding. Instead, they are used for descents and any other situation in which being aerodynamic is more important than being comfortable... I find myself in the drops for good stretches of slight downgrade or flats into headwinds. That means that, if my saddle is set right, it doesn't need to be changed, no matter what bars I'm using. With flat bars, you get one choice of hand position. With bullhorns, you get two major choices. Drops give you three: on the flat, on the hoods, and in the drops. That's why they're so appealing, at least to me.
With an accumulation of lint, I've noticed that adding water to it makes a larger mess. Maybe a stiff brush that your can scrub dry as it runs? Get some light colored fabric to check cleanliness by rubbing the belt as it runs as well. Getting into the inside of the belt is going to be tricky, but that's where all the lint and dirt is gonna fall.
I use [this knot](http://www.fieggen.com/shoelace/secureknot.htm) on my scrub pants and boots. Super fast and secure, once you get the hang of it.
"Y'all." In all honesty, that's something love about being southern. Y'all can mean one person, an indefinite amount of people, the whole room with you... And it's gender neutral.
Hey, you might have saved her life by letting her know she was crossing against the light!
I dunno, that "poor audio quality" sells it even harder for me. It gives it that "demo tape you got at a basement show" vibe, which is usually an awesome thing.
There's a taco place nearby that does horchata and espresso. It's fricking tasty!
Cook when you can, camp when you can. That will save money on food and places to stay. Some of those places even have showers and such. Sometimes, (and I'm not condoning this), if you show up sort of late to a campsite, you can sneak in, sleep, and roll out the next morning without paying. Cooking can be trickier, but pb&amp;j's in the car are better than McDonald's. Maybe a camping stove and easily prepared meals at a roadside stop instead of a restaurant? As far as going east or west... The east coast is a whole lot of tiny and densely packed towns. The nature aspect is very green and lush. Also, in the summer, it's a lot more temperate. West will get you huge expanses of desert areas, Badlands, long drives with nothing but rare tiny towns... But the sky at night can be the most star-packed night you'll ever see. Huge huge skylines! And the Rockies. Past the Rockies, a little more desert, then you're in the Pacific northwest, where the trees are massive. Unless you go into southern California, and it's expensive and packed with cities, but temperate and sunny. I love travelling to all parts of America, for all these different reasons.
Wizard staff selfie stick? Gandalf level.
He was so wasted.
Be forewarned: I'm not going to ride in the gutter. I will also scoot left for big lumps, sewer grates, broken glass, loose gravel, babies, kittens, and left turns. But I try to be as accommodating as I can, respecting that each person in a car is a different driver. One jerk doesn't mean I get to piss off every other driver.
Some of these answers lean in the right direction. I can add a little conserving spikes and studs. Aside from the "look" it gives, studs and spikes can be a bit more practical... Dogs wear spiked collars around their necks to prevent another dog from grabbing hold of it, protecting it from attack. The same idea transferred to the punk aesthetic, with spiked bracelets, collars and such. A well-studded jacket might also turn a fist or knife in a fight. A spiked wrist can't be grabbed. Skinny jeans... Well, those aren't actually that practical. Anecdotally, that was the intent. It took the toughness of leather and denim with an extra layer of protection for rumbling gangs. Granted, most of what you see in that look nowadays is toned down and mall-ready. In a post-apocalyptic society, would you be afraid of it was roving gangs of nerds? Probably not. But if the streets were turned over and ran by the shadier element; biker gangs, punks, thugs, etc... You're actually worried about society.
[Great animated video about the accident.](https://youtu.be/YL9dWxkP8Qo)
Yeah! It's sometimes called a SCOBY, symbiotic culture of bacteria and yeast. It's the same process used in making kombucha.
Your idea of a "clunker" kinda makes me wonder what else you ride. Sure, it's old, but it can't be that bad. I can't figure out what year model that is, or the group set from that photo. I'd start by figuring out what works and what doesn't. New cables, repacking bearings, cleaning the chain... That can all be done on the cheap. New tires, if those are old, dry, or gnarly. Then, just ride. You'll figure out what needs to be replaced as you go. Stuff like saddles, handlebars, pedals... That comes from figuring out what you like and don't like about what you have.
There are a couple of models I've worked under in different facilities. They come as compete packages, with verbal and physical training. I don't know if you're in a position to purchase the training, but you can certainly look into them. [CPI/NVCI (Crisis Prevention Intervention, Nonviolent Crisis Intervention)](http://www.crisisprevention.com/). Used this one in a youth shelter and as a psych tech. It models escalation around a "kite" idea, with levels of escalation and how to address each one. The physical portion is fairly intuitive and sensible. Right now, the shelter where I work uses [Satori Learning's SAMA model.](http://satorilearning.com/sama-description.html). Personally, I liked the CPI model verbal deescalation, but SAMA's physical holds. CPI addresses how you physically present to someone as they heighten, SAMA has a general script to use when speaking. SAMA's holds are great for kids, as they aren't physically uncomfortable for them, if done right. Having learned both, my personal way has turned into a mishmash. Hope that's kinda helpful.
Think of it this way... Why doesn't a polaroid or any other photograph get more developed after it's done? Simple. The chemical reaction is finished. This reaction of the emulsion is started by light (specifically uv light), but there's only so much reacting it can do. Once it's finished, it's finished. Just like paint can't get any drier, exposed emulsion has turned into a plastic and won't change further. Now, I don't know a whole lot about chemistry, so I can't totally break it down for you, but that's a good starting point, I think. The other big thing is that light is what hardens the emulsion. Water washes it away. Continued exposure would just strengthen the emulsion, not weaken it. Friction from printing will wear it away, eventually, though. It is just plastic, squished into the fabric of the screen, then dried. From a practical standpoint, you can expose screens, wash them out, and re-expose to get them really dry. I used double exposure to get emulsion meant for plastisol (oil based) ready for acrylic (water based) inks, so it'd soak up less water from the ink while working. But necessary, but helpful. Hope this explains a little.
I know if you use the super-cheap option of Speedball, it does require heat setting. It could be as simple as running it in a clothes dryer on high for a half hour (once the ink air dried, of course). There are some ink additives that eliminate the need for heat setting, though.
If they liked the same smells we did, that would never explain why my dog constantly sniffs my cat's ass.
I was actually going to ask what kind of rack that was *because* it's so far up. I think because I'm a tall dude, my heels always hit the bottom of panniers. I know raising them might throw off balance, but it's hard to use them otherwise.
If a punk band does a pop-style song, is it pop? Also, is something art just 'cause you hang it on the wall?
Chlorine, dawg. Sodium hypochlorite. It's poisonous, which is why they use it to kill germs and pee in swimming pools.
First aid, BLS (basic life support) CPR, and maybe watch a video on how to identify a stroke victim. You don't need to know everything about universal precautions, but knowing how to deal with someone else's fluids isn't a bad idea, either.
It does for me. I had to rewind to catch the intro jokes on Futurama.
"This calls for a special blend of psychology and extreme violence."
Big Top Candy on South Congress?
