In my experience in Squirrel Hill and Shadyside the cars with tickets usually have "Alumni" stickers on them, or those stick figure families. I think more often than not it's the people who can afford $30 to not have to move their cars, not college students with little to no liquid assets.
&gt;Never owned a single Apple product. I knew that was coming as soon as you mentioned Apple.
For those who don't know the list of Gap brands: * Gap (+Baby Gap, Gap for Her, etc.) * Banana Republic * Old Navy * Athleta * INTERMIX
&gt;if you're thinking gf marital Whoa. Let's not be hasty here.
I figured that one out the hard way. The shame.
This started out exactly how my best friend and his fiancée started dating. But of course there's the fiancée thing in his case.
I change my own oil but I'd have to go look, just like I have to check the recommended tire pressure every time I put air in them.
I was joking about "marital" meaning having to do with marriage, as opposed to what I expect you meant which was "material".
Blue white pink horizontal stripes. I think it's a thing that should exist for completeness but understandably there isn't a huge demand (and likely some active resistance to) it.
Nope that's where you play Russian roulette with one of those T-shirt cannons they use at baseball games.
Person of Interest. The commercials sucked, but once a friend sat me down to stared watching I was immediately hooked.
The concept of a public government office not having public contact information baffles me. In the US (well Pennsylvania at least) I have the right to know which office cubicle a certain public servant sits in alongside a floor plan of the building, not to mention their email and desk phone number.
I would expect an appropriate book and licensing deal would bet you much more than the initial $5 million.
The only thing worse than an Apple fanboy (which I'm not) is a Windows fanboy, although I'm not even sure you're that. What I do gather is that you have some personal vendetta against Apple. Yes the Apple mice suck and always have, but the trackpads do not. And that is based on having used trackpads on HP, Asus, Dell, and Lenovo laptops. The trackpad on my MBP is far and away better than any other offering I've seen. My point is, had the OP asked for advice on Apple mice peripherals your comment would be relevant. OP did not ask that though. It's as if someone asked how to refill the tires on their car and I responded that their current tires are shit so they ought to buy Goodyear but really the Porsche they're driving is overpriced for its performance and Camaros are considerably better so they should stop being a stupid Porsche fanboy and buy a proper car. If you behaved that way in real life you'd get punched in the face. I see no reason swapping cars for computers and Reddit for real life should allow you to behave so petulantly.
&gt;until your ignorant *ss showed up. &gt;I don't even take my Mac's out in public anymore because I'm ashamed to be label a queer since Apple went all gay oriented/pride and all that. At least no one needs to take you seriously anymore.
To be fair in an actual emergency situation you do want to be naked to ensure optimal transfer of body heat. This is a treatment for hypothermia, not fever, of course.
Mine curves pretty significantly. I have to be basically planking on the toilet tank and the counter to achieve proper aim.
He would be a pretty decent president too I think, if he weren't a Tea Party puppet. Sad to say.
&gt; Genesis Khan She has an invisible touch, auf dein Wohl Mädchen hey Mädchen ho?
Also elasticity indicates a return to the initial shape, whereas plasticity involves permanent deformation of the material.
Or do your appropriate civic duty and don't block a public parking space. I swear I moved here from Philly and about the only thing both cities can agree on is being selfish, entitled, and narrow minded asshats about street parking. Well that and you guys call hoagies the right thing so yinz aren't all bad.
I think you misinterpreted that part of the article. He was giving examples of what neural nets *can* do, but this particular program has only ever seen Magic cards. The tendency to make up words is entirely a feature of the neural net.
The 6+ already has a 1080p display.
With music and content and Apple Pay though it's not Apple dragging their feet. Anything that requires negotiations with other companies takes time, probably much more than you realize, and the labels are sometimes totally separate entities in different countries. Banks are even more divided.
Also the mood playlists have not been available on Spotify since "day one". In fact only in the last year or two did they become a standard feature. They were part of a "Spotify App" that got incorporated (presumably by purchase) once Spotify saw that they were popular.
Did you know most of them say it on the sticker? Because I didn't until someone pointed it out. When I was 21. *facepalm*
But with the huge continued growth of the iPhone and iOS devices as a whole, there are millions of users who are picking up their first Apple device. That's who the Tips app is for, not you. While that is a good argument for making it hideable, it isn't insulting to you. You are choosing to be insulted by something intended for others. Are you insulted by the Braille on signs in public buildings or the tutorial level in video games?
A person who, while evil, was in some ways a badass.
The UK has had a relatively slow and "soft" conversion to metric, in that many Imperial units are still used informally or supplementarily. This is especially true with speeds and distances as well as generally with automobile-related units. Not to mention body weight in stone.
Whose name always sounds like Bashir is saying it in my head.
It discover it contained a listening device?
Can't help you on the Hebrew/Yiddish, although attempting a different transliteration might give you more luck, ie matzoh vs matza (the latter is unrecognized by iOS). Y cambiar a español y regresar requiere un botón. Much faster than fighting autocorrect the whole time, even for me with 7 languages.
Non-linear storytelling. A scene five minutes ago in episode time could be 7 days ago in-world, or even in the future, relative to the current scene. The books are also somewhat loose about this. Bran and Jon Snow's near miss happens quite a long way apart in terms of pages between the points of view.
Now they're going to bed And my stomach is sick And it's all in my head But she's touching his chest Mr Brightside by the Killers. Such a well done missing rhyme.
The house I grew up in has this problem. It has nothing to do with the skill of the driver, the type of car, or the design of the road. It has everything to do with the relative angle of the driveway entering the road, which cannot be changed due to utilities. If you park a car immediately across from the driveway exit it becomes nearly impossible to drive around if there are any cars in the far lane. They pull to the center leaving less than a full lane width for a more than 120° turn. In other words, get off your high horse. It's a perfectly reasonable request of there is ample parking space.
It's just the general cycle of things: what's gimmicky may some day be mainstream. The turning point is when you can say "here's a problem, and now here's a feature that solves it" instead of making up problems to justify the feature. Apple is very good at nailing that transition.
Except it does affect 1Password. The 9to5 reporting leaves it a bit ambiguous but other sites including MacRumors explicitly identify 1Password as a vulnerable app.
As of iOS 9 it's assumed they will be, because they're moving to iCloud. At the moment they actually sync via IMAP just like your email, so they're not encrypted except ~~possibly~~ in transit.
It was Lilliana raising zombies though. We decided the first time it was posted (forever ago) that it's probably an MTG reference.
&gt;we loved getting Huggies every few houses so we could hydrate. to me Huggies are diapers
Note I believe this requires a crossover Ethernet cable if you directly connect them. Some newer networking hardware can accommodate this with a standard cable but I don't know if the iMac supports it and the XP machine almost certainly doesn't.
It's more like Eee-rock.
I should clarify everywhere has standardized on this per recommendations from the NHTSA, but as with all things regulatory grandfathering and replace-as-needed mean total compliance can take decades.
I don't remember needing any such thing, but one of my recommendations was from a Lutheran pastor so perhaps it was just a non-issue. He knew I was an agnostic atheist though; he just also happened to be one of the leaders I got a rec from.
&gt;Former Eagle scout here Once an Eagle, always an Eagle. Or something.
Wait a minute…
Implant it next to the jugular or something. Anywhere that's relatively easy and safe to cut into with a scalpel and anesthesia but would be deadly using a field knife or a letter opener.
I had no issues with it when I took it first semester. It *was* probably my hardest class that term but was nowhere near as impossible as I was lead to expect. I took it concurrently with Calc II and without 3D Calculus experience, and honestly learned more of those in Physics II than I did in the actual classes. I will say though that I had a fantastic professor and the best TA I've ever had, so your mileage may vary.
I'm pretty sure Jim Butcher contributed a decent amount of the in-universe writing for the rulebooks, and he definitely approves of the game because *he* approached Evil Hat to make it after he started getting rights inquiries. Incidentally, based on that rule my playgroup decided my relatively young wizard character can, with occasional glitches, carry and use one of those 80s mobile phones. Specifically it's a radiation-hardened military model, and it will hex out if he starts slinging combat magic, but for day-to-day stuff he's only a couple decades behind. He also once managed to use an iPhone for almost 20 seconds before it exploded in a shower of sparks. I rolled really well on control XD
I consider them even more deserving of the title.
