Captivating comment, bro.
Definitely not lazy about handing them out, that's for sure.
Obvious troll is obvious. ;)
Um, yea. This is a huge problem, and one of the reasons I wish our world was mature enough for nuclear-powered cargo ships. But it isn't , and some yahoo would turn one into a bomb, or a maintenance tech who bought his certification would fall asleep on the job and the resulting explosion would turn the north Pacific into Hiroshima II. The fact that we have a perfect solution for this problem, yet don't have the competence to use it, is one of the biggest reasons I fucking hate the human race. So our options are to grow up and stop being a bunch of petty terrorists and learn to use high technology, or stop shipping shit half way across the earth simply because our repression of the third world creates huge labor cost savings. Or the third, which is business as usual, and it's our children's problem, and they can all choke to death because, fuck them: we're already dead.
You should research the TPP. Or maybe not, since it'll kill you.
Dirty bomb, and not really.
It hasn't passed yet.
Hyperbole to emphasize my frustration.
I think safety security are the biggest issues. The profit is so small that maintenance isn't always the best aboard shipping frighters. Not to mention bad guys.
Dick issues are the worst.
You can have disruptive change, which clearly causes riots in the streets of Paris, or you can manage change, and try not to have riots in the streets of Paris. I'm simply understanding the first and advocating for the second.
They're human beings trying to make a living in an age-old and now outdated business model. It's a good thing that you're not in charge of solving this problem, since your lack of basic human empathy would cause a lot more riots.
Is it a little hypocritical to condemn them but still use them?
Again, it's not right; it's reality. If you want to prevent them from rioting, they need some form of concession. Their industry is clearly dying, and that has to be managed so that it doesn't totally disrupt society. Preventing giant riots is priority 1.
Eh, they are what they are. I don't particularly like nor dislike cabs. But Uber is a better product, and taxis will either step it up or disappear. My guess is that they will be fewer, and nicer in the future, and Uber will take over a good chunk of market share forever.
People are pretty similar the world over. You might do just the same in their shoes. If their families are relying on the income from driving a taxi, then the stakes are high enough for people to start acting extreme. It's not right, but it's reality.
Only when there is increasing supply. Those licenses are so valuable in most places because there is a fixed number of them. In most cities they increase in value over time.
That there's no need to be angry, since you're already getting your way.
"Did you feel bad for the guys who worked at Blockbuster...?" ...I was 15 when I stopped using them, so I wasn't aware of the world. And that's exactly my point. This situation isn't unique, and it'll get sorted out. The winners will win, but that doesn't mean the employees of the old companies should be given the boot immediately. They need time to adapt or switch industries, so yes, I sympathize. How would you feel if that was happening to you? It's a bit awful to celebrate an entire career path disappear. You sound happy that a bunch of people are losing their jobs.
Ok, you've said that you dont use cabs anymore, but that you haven't gotten your way. Which is it?
Also true.
Why do you care if cab companies exist if you're already not using them? It's a little weird to take it so personally. IMO. You have options, so use the best one for you. Sheesh man, the passion about this topic is so strange. The anger is just feeding on itself at this point.
I asked about that quite a while ago, and dropped it when you said you don't take taxis anymore. You're still on the hypocritical thing, not me. I still say you're winning, but at this point, we're completely off topic. Uber will win in the end, and all the hurdles that cab companies are using are just delay tactics until the industry adapts. That's my only point.
Well said.
Also, that guy sounds like he suffers from a problem where once he knows something, he thinks everyone should know it. Sounds like a lack of awareness about how people work in general.
Liking muscles isn't necessarily superficial. It shows determination, discipline, and that you tale your health seriously. All attractive things.
This is an interesting study on the English language and how it changes over time. "May" was written as "is allowed to," but is being used as "has the choice to." Of course, it would be better if it wasn't for this purpose, but what can you do? Also, this can't last long.
Black or white, it's a pretty stupid saying.
Good post! It's probably a good idea to secure anything sensitive as well. Lock up the diary, password the laptop and phone, etc. You can get a cheap lockbox from an office supply store.
Ick. Buy a good one then.
At what point does the fully modeled vag show up?
&gt; It felt like they were only interested in making cool screenshots rather than a playable game. Don't forget imposing their sexual fantasies on the characters!
I was joking, since I had seen that already and thought it was creepy as fuck. So maybe people thought you didn't get the joke? No worries though, thanks for the response.
I thought this was a gamer convention...
I live in Chicago. It's awesome.
Yep. &gt; Albuquerque That's not the Midwest, though. And many Midwest cities are on the Great Lakes or on a river. Minnesota is known as the land of 10,000 lakes.
Updated plastic bits, nice.
Sounds like you're well on your way! * I'll admit that I don't often do a daily task list. I manage a dozen programs for over 300 facilities, so my days often go off the rails quickly with phone calls and emails. Instead, my Outlook calender keeps my daily meetings and I simply refer to my weekly task list every day to see what items I can accomplish. My goal is to migrate nothing to the following week. * I tried a monthly task list initially, but I almost never filled it out as I cruised straight from the 31st to 1st and there was too much at work to stop and create one ( also why I don't keep daily lists). Again, my Outlook keeps meetings that move frquently, so a monthly appointment list isn't useful to me. In 2016, I'm changing this to a Quarterly task list instead, and only writing the larger-scope items there. My department is quarterly focused so this lines up well. A few things I will need to be aware of going forward is to make sure I check my quarterly tasks regularly to keep on track, and I want to better manage my days. I'm considering using 30 minutes at the beginning or end of my day to update my BuJo and file things.
Hey thanks for the info. I didn't include any retirement savings in my post, which is about $10k a year as well. I just ran the numbers and my breakdown is: $32,268 expenses $15,750 in taxes $56,982 in savings. 'Savings' may be dubious. I just paid off all my credit cards, and now that savings will be split between my retirement accounts, paying off student loans ($21,000 per year is our target toward the loans), and saving for a house. Our house savings should reach our $30,000 goal by 2018. So to use your formula, my percentage is 63.8%. That's a little high though, since I think we'll spend a couple thousand this year on clothing and the occasional movie ticket. Our new lifestyle is pretty stressful, so we're looking for low-cost outlets to relax. Thanks!
Um... you moved from a market low-point to a cash high-point. I'm a little worried about you.
Hey, um, if wavelength expands, then it's energy decreases, right? Isn't energy of a wave related to its frequency? So if its red-shifted, the light has lost energy through a frequency shift in order to maintain the constant velocity c? Is that at all what is happening, or just ridiculous?
Exact same hit totaled my GTI in April. Sorry, man, that's rough.
Everyone has a different opinion, but you can get a good sale with any route if you're careful. Don't show up with cash and do the transaction at a bank. Make sure the title is in the same name as the person selling it to you, etc. The car should still be under warranty, so ask which dealership did the service and ask to see the receipts. The dealership may even give you the service history if you call and say you're thinking of buying (that's a guess, they might not due to privacy of the owner). You can even test drive the car to that dealership and have them look it over and verify that it's up to date on service. Best practice is to take it to a mechanic and do a $100-$200 mechanical check on any used car anyway. Also, remember that the value of the car is independent of who sells it to you. The guy can get more from a private sale than a trade in, which is why he's selling that way. However, the price you pay for the car should be about the same, no matter who's selling it. It's just a matter of knowing the value and only paying that much.
People like this are obviously dedicated. But where the hell do they find the time to get to this level? This is like 5+ hours of gym time daily.
First book for me was Where the Red Fern Grows. I was like, 10 maybe?
Looks a lot better, IMO. I did some googling because of the haters in here: &gt;Q: Are wheel spacers safe to use or do they cause extra stress on your axle or wheel bearings? &gt;A: High quality wheelspacers, the kind that bolt up to your axle first are no more dangerous or cause any more stress to your axles then would a wheel with less backspacing. Anyone who tries to tell you otherwise doesn't know what they're talking about and I have yet to hear a single good or specific explanation as to exactly how they are worse. Just to be clear, the cheap-o spacers (the kind that you can get at PepBoys and are sandwiched between your wheel and axle using the existing wheel studs) are in fact EXTREMELY DANGEROUS. These cheap-o spacers leave little thread for your lug nuts to hold onto and can fail. DO NOT USE THESE! [Source](http://www.jk-forum.com/forums/modified-jk-tech-2/how-safe-wheel-spacers-46971/) That was a quick search, and I'm sure there are far better sources out there, but this seems like a reasonable answer to me.
2009 is the safest MKV due to the switch from FSI to TSI engine designation, which most imporantly means the engine switched from a timing belt to a timing chain. It technically switched at the MY 2008.5, but I never bothered to figure out how to tell a later 2008 from a newer one, but it's possible. For the car you linked, my initial reaction is that the price is high, though I'm only familiar with the US market and don't know how that changes in Canada. Definitely look at what scheduled maintenance is coming up, since the expensive one is every 20,000 miles in US-spec cars, and that car is approaching 100,000 miles. Since its FSI, definitely look at when that belt needs to be replaced. You'll want to try to reduce the price further if those services haven't been done.
I paid $15,000 USD for my 2009, but that was 3 years ago and it was certified pre-owned with 56,000 miles. It was under very different circumstances.
&gt; My (ex) husband was a great trainer, was able to spot plateaus and change my workouts, able to advice me on my diet (and I love to eat, so my progress was a bit slower but I enjoyed it more). I never knew, for example, the importance of the order in which you do particular exercises. So many people put in the effort but did not bother to educate themselves on quality posture and movement over sheer quanity; or, would run 40 minutes straight sweating profusely but at the same rate instead of running for a shorter period and doing interval training. I think you're downplaying how hard it is to learn this stuff when you don't know or can't afford a trainer. I'm teaching myself fitness and it's taken me over a year just to get myself into what I consider decent form and a basically supportive core. And that's with a free gym attached to my work, subreddits like this, and instructor-lead classes. The time commitment is also in the learning curve - not just in performing the exercise.
That's definitely a possibility, but the offers started arriving within a week, and well before the 30-day period it typically takes for a score update. Unless they have access to faster updates than I do. :P
