Call into work. I'm busy today.
Just small? deal. What if it's for a female?
What reasons do you have for pronouncing it like gift?
It's not baseless because anyone pronounces it "giraffics;" It's baseless because an acronym's pronunciation does not rely on the words' pronunciation. * NATO: North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NAH-to?) * Scuba: self-contained underwater breathing apparatus (SCUH-baah?) * Laser: light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation (LAH-seer?) * Taser: Thomas A. Swift's electric rifle (TAY-seer?)
I'm so conflicted about this comment. I somewhat agree, but I'm sure I could have heard similar statements 40+ years ago about behavior/setting that is now unacceptable. &gt;If you have a problem with people groping your ass, then maybe working in an office is not the job for you. edit: flight attendant is maybe a better example. And there's no true "line" between looking and touching. Both can be inappropriate or appropriate depending on the setting/intention.
See! You *are* trying to push your pronunciation! As I see it, you're saying "Language is fluid, but it's flowing in the way that I use it. Those others are wrong."
My peanut butter fetish is something else entirely. I won't get into that here, but I gave my reasons for my pronunciation above.
You could also try a condescending "buddy" or "bud."
Half of it is in the delivery. It can have genuinely nice intentions, or be really condescending/belittling.
It's a throwaway account, which explains half of it.
With speed comes risk. Also, a circuit's speed will generally increase as more rubber gets laid down into it. All other things being equal, that makes the end of the session the best condition to put the fastest possible lap in. In qualifying, it's much better to put in a 'banker' lap at, say, 80 or 90% in order to have a time recorded than to only wait until the end of the session to do the 100% lap. Also, changing conditions can negatively affect the circuit's speed (track temp, wind gusts, rain,) and it's always possible to have an incident causing yellow flags or red flags. Putting in a 'banker' lap allows the team to mitigate those risks without too much at stake (generally just a set of tires.)
I believe it was released that the ERS will only be driving the fronts. Due to complications and time constraints they're running in the 2MJ category rather than either the 4 or 8MJ categories. Because they won't be releasing as much ERS, they intend to reduce complexity and not compromise the aero tunnels by sticking driveshafts in them.
Also litter
How do you make it warm? Microwave? That makes no sense.
Despite its flaws, the PT was pretty exciting to the car market when it first came out. The chassis wasn't new and the engine, wasn't new, but it was still interesting. Then they kept making them year after year with essentially no updates. This went on for 10 years. With the speed of cars' technological advancement, 10 years is a long time, especially when the only thing novel about it in the first year was the styling.
What is love?
I forsee a [Cube](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/13/NISSAN_cube.jpg) in your future. Honestly, I've always wanted to see one of those turned into a sleeper.
1987 Porsche 911 Carerra
Bastourdise.
I was just checking your "break" and I think it's spelled "brake."
I said the same thing :(
I don't, but I work for Nissan and knew that there was a local Z group, so I wanted to find it for you.
holy shit, that picture
Just added details. I'm doing a similar thing, taking a good car and only doing modifications that will play nice with an SR20VE, since I hope to do that transplant when the stock engine goes. It's already got 279k miles on it, lol. Do you ever frequent http://www.sr20-forum.com?
Way way back in the 1980s...
Thanks! I don't think many people would call it beautiful, but I like it alright!
I think that widens the gap between the front and rear of the grid.
Throughout my reading, I had learned of most of those, but some were news to me. Thanks! I hadn't heard about the under-seat tray, but I probably won't worry about it as.. I've already bought NX seat rails, and I plan to put them in at the same time as the B14 buckles. Are those other HVAC controls only compatible with electronic ones? Mine has cable actuated temp, recirc, and vent.
The fact that they're improving over every session makes me root for them all the more. It's really a shame that they didn't get their ERS fully sorted out. They've apparently been making some runs with no hybrid energy at all, but still carrying the weight of it. I hope that further improvement in the corners and the intended ERS can make them competitive.
[Insert comment about how Kimi's being misquoted]
[Real speed](http://gfycat.com/IllReflectingBarasinga)
Nissan #22
On pace, they were lapping similarly to LMP2 cars. They were much faster on the straights, but slower in the corners. The biggest root issue that affected their pace was the fact that they didn't have operational ERS. They intended to use a flywheel to recover energy in braking zones, but couldn't get it working. This is especially important, since it's front weight-biased (60%+.) At one point I thought I heard that there was some miscommunication or exaggerated specification by the flywheel provider. Anyway, since they couldn't use the flywheel, that means that the brakes they had intended to use had to do the full job of stopping the car. They fitted some larger brakes, but those wouldn't fit under the (16"?) wheels they were going to run. They fitted 18" wheels, but that then meant that they couldn't use the bespoke tyres Michelin had made for them to handle the huge amount of acceleration, braking, and turning that their fronts have to do. They ended up using the spec LMP1 tyres. They also had to swap their brakes much more frequently. I think it was on the Leno's Garage video that they intended to do a brake replacement once, and hopefully not at all. They ended up doing their first brake replacement in hour 6. The other reasons they were so low was due to the times spent in the pits. One started from the pits due to a clutch issue. #22 had an extended repair session after hitting what appears to be a [wheel](http://imgur.com/KRkODr4) while on the straight that damaged front suspension and the transmission. I think two times they replaced an ACO-provided sensor (I'd guess fuel flow, or something.) They made it known that they were treating this as a full-scale testing session, so they seemed to pit more frequently than they would in a true race scenario, just to do extra checks.
I like the Nissan's style, but the hottest part of it this past weekend was [under its front wheels.](http://gfycat.com/ColorfulBitterDipper)
At their first 24h Le Mans, Toyota's 2 cars finished 134 and 82 laps. Nissan's 3 cars finished 242, 234, and 115. This isn't purely due to mechanical reliability, as both were running before one Toyota was hit, and the other hit someone, but data is important, and Nissan got 591 race laps' worth of data, and all of the cars lasted past hour 6, which is the length of every other WEC race on the schedule.
1000 degress C is what I've been hearing, equal to 1832 F.
I'm glad that they hit the debris. Not because I don't want them classified, but because Bowlby mentioned opportunities for improving "access" for quick repairs, and if something can be learned from that repair work, it's better that they learn it now rather than when they have points/positions on the line.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betteridge%27s_law_of_headlines
Maybe they realize that they disappointed many fans, and don't want to set expectations higher than they'll achieve. They were very careful with their words during the race, only talking about "at our current performance level" or that the "aero/engine/suspension worked well throughout" or "the brakes are faring better than we expected." Now they're talking about progress non-stop, and how can anyone blame them for that? There's no point rubbing anyone's face in their result, since they didn't fail. You'll hear it any any racing series - Everyone's "just focusing on getting the best possible result at the next race" or "learning from the experience and finding opportunities for improvement." The fans have no authority to make a team explain themselves. That's a matter of intra-team chain of command. Take a look at RBR in F1. They were given a (to be nice) less-than-stellar Power Unit by Renault, and RBR called Renault out repeatedly and publicly, as if to shame them or force them to do better. They complained much more loudly than McLaren did about Honda. Most people didn't like this approach. It creates friction within the team, and between the team and its suppliers. RLM said that there was some sort of miscommunication about the flywheel's capability, or perhaps over-promising specs. If that's the case, why should Nissan call them out as them out as a reason for being off the pace? They had/have enough of their own shit to work out, so that's what they focused on, and rightfully so. To sum up, idk the list of, nor the extent of the issues Nissan faced at Le Mans, but I don't believe that it's fair to write off a racing effort after a single race, nor do I feel like I deserve an apology from Nissan.
Nifty idea, but of course expensive. I've seen a box truck with a screen on the back that is sold for advertising space, but I couldn't help but think that this huge video screen is legal, but aftermarket underglow (and other similar mods) are illegal for being distracting.
I'll assume that you're knowledgeable enough about your local laws, etc. I think the best way would be to use a more sufficient power source (even if you have to tie into the battery) and use a relay to determine when they're on.
I think your downvotes are because your comment comes off like a correction, when you meant it as a clarification for those who don't understand how diesel engines work.
[Swanson Dancing](http://i.imgur.com/CJshoJM.gif)
Welp, I've got a new goal.
It looks pretty good to me. The sun's at about 11 o'clock, right? The raptors' shadows aren't "pointed" different directions, they're just stretched out and not standing upright like the human.
[source](http://sportscar365.com/lemans/wec/cox-nissan-weve-got-to-make-the-car-work-fundamentally/)
What a shitpost. /r/googleplus is about as dead as /r/facebook Neither is an indicator of the quality of the referenced site.
I wanted to find the quote, because I didn't remember it. &gt;Those are my principles, and if you don't like them... well, I have others.
I just won the game.
Do you think Perez still needs some Lotusing? Maybe Verstappen?
