I was just saying that the guy I replied to had the wrong end of the stick.
My life got so much better when I started using Imagus.
I thought M3 was a pretty good paper, even though I made a few silly mistakes. Did you do the January 2015 IAL? FPs were pretty nice though.
Ah, that makes sense. I just couldn't comprehend doing M4 &amp; FP3 and not D1 :p  I guess there's probably no trick to determining where questions might come from - maybe recent IAL and older UK papers give the best idea. What other subjects are you doing?
Yeah, only one person in my class opted for M4 and I think the rest of us had had enough of mechanics by that point :p She does say that it's better than M3 though so between you both I think I'm convinced that it's not all that bad :p  Only 9 at my school. We lost 4 from last year though, and that's not counting the people who dropped it at the start of AS :s Your Further class is bigger than my Physics class!  I can tell you it's a pretty nice way to spend your last year, hehe. I guess that's fair enough of them ; Further Maths probably isn't the safest subject. Yeah, that part of History was nice, especially as a break from all the maths! I just wasn't a fan of my teachers and the style of essay writing they wanted. What topics did you do?
My life got so much better when I started using this.
Cool. I used to watch Malakith Skadi's videos of 77y battles and always fancied being a part of it one day.
Okay great, I was hoping you meant that. I play EVE and love the large-scale us vs. them combat in that game, so it will be awesome to experience it in a historical setting. Can you recommend a (newbie-friendly) regiment?
I haven't either and I'm a Brit.
Absolutely. Starting up a game and getting into a session seems like such a commitment, when it's much easier just to watch a video of it. But when I do manage to start playing, I always then enjoy it.
Also waiting for New Vegas! I hope they will not lessen the discounts on the back of the Fallout 4 hype.
Americans
Man, I remember seeing this on The Slammer!
Guernsey resident here to address any enquires.
I'll sort out a Kickstarter
I remember that... Rose went off on someone for calling it the Union Jack
I don't get how people can use their front page. I feel like I'd be missing everything without using /r/all.
To be fair I only definitely remember seeing this in UK hotels, so maybe it's not as widespread as I thought.
I love doing this. Pulling out every drop of snot and just letting it wash away... mmm...
Aww, I'll take you to one if you like!
Can confirm, live in unimportant country
I have done this
Can I come and live there
And UK. I thought we were friends :(
Do warriors have trouble this bad with stamina? I'm currently trying to decide what build to go for for my first playthrough
I've seen the word 'boipucci' too many times not to be slightly disturbed by the title
&gt;Do i have a problem if im american  'fraid so
Hey, you got your phone back!
Oh yeah, this happens *all* the time to me \*rolls eyes*
I thought I could rely on you :(
It reminds me of the tsunami scene in 2012
&gt; doesn't have to fear for his life and can go to work by bicycle.  Clearly you've never cycled in London
I just realised I've been reading it as pigdin all this time
I guess I'm the only one who feels this way without ever having an SO before
I'm bracing for this when I get my results
What school do you go to btw?
When I was in school I felt like this before every holiday. I had fun during the holidays but god was I lonely
Haha, yep. I really didn't expect this to come up
Yeah, as a UK resident the title of this post kinda blew my mind for a sec
I wish someone I knew cared about me
Haha I looked it up on Urban Dictionary thinking it was some slang I hadn't seen yet
Master Windu told me to stay in this seat, so that's what I'm gonna do
When my dad was 70 I was 4
When I type "all", one of the suggestions is /r/actuallesbians. I don't remember ever going there...
I'm with you. Everything about my life is basically alright, except that I might get kicked out of uni soon. A part of me hopes that actually happens, just so I might have some more justification for what I end up doing
Same here, but my friends won't include me
This is something that gets me. I'm terrified to call anyone I know a good friend, let alone a best friend, because I know they will never care about me as much as I do about them
Quite often I feel an overwhelming urge to go through every person on my phone and text them "sorry". I don't even know what I'd say when they asked me why I was apologising
Implying anyone would visit me of their own accord
The fear of failing is the only thing holding me back now; I've come to terms with everything else. It doesn't help that my chosen method is physical trauma... I can scarcely imagine waking up in hospital afterwards, finding out I've paralysed myself or lost limbs, and then having to deal with my family having to deal with what's left of me. And the worst part is I wouldn't be able to put things right by successfully killing myself afterwards
