Was at it all night last night... my static was really suckin on dps so we keep hitting a wall in the add phase. No doubt this is doable tho.
LOL glad to see that we are all not crazy... whats shitty tho is the world i was building (and still am) is almost the EXACT plot to the movie Interstellar. I mean i knew i was building an entertaining story/universe but damn i didn't know it would be that good if Chris Nolan got behind it lol.
really glad you went outta your way to do this. I remember reading something once about REM being the point in time which your brain sorts out all the shit that happened to you that day and stores the information according to useful (got a promotion today/long term) to not useful (got stuck at 5 red lights otw to work today/short term)   Interesting that the norm for chronic smokers is a dodgy memory is supported by this study.
who are you kidding lol... i smoke almost every day and smoked cigs for about 10 years before i quite those. My ideas are not based off assumption, it's personal experience. I only compare it to cigs in this situation because of the sheer amount of ignorance when cigarettes were at the height of their popularity, much like the ignorance surrounding weed. That doesn't mean i'm saying they are just as dangerous.
and dont forget the glamor system for SWTOR... that shit was on point. I was actually just considering making a thread on the official forms asking for some of those features like palette matching the chest piece.   I pretty much realized it was going downhill from the start when there was no dog-fighting space pvp... i stuck around pasted GS and enjoyed the fuck outta it but came to the conclusion that i was not gonna wait around for another 2 years for something that should have been there from the start.
How does MORE people experiencing the story diminish anything for you? Do you feel less special that the cut-scene your waiting is being experienced by more that 5% of the game pop.?  I went into coil for the story as well... that and the t9 tank coat lol.
lol... when i consider the story of coil i would file it under must fucking know lol... it was never an option for me, and i feel that it has almost everything to do with the entire story of ARR. That shouldn't be behind the wall that it is... i see where your coming from tho. For your average raider there minds are set on BiS... and the never ending grind for best gear but i never really took this approach because skill trumps gear any day. The story was always my reward... well that and the t9 tank coat which i still dont have lol.
i think in a couple years of playing i only went up that chasm twice lol... that place was a bit much.
there ya go... thats my kinda shit luck ;P
I am a father of 4... every waking second of my life is ran as though im a tank/leader stringing along a bunch of babies/dps while me and the wife/healer argue about pointless shit.   But to be real, I only run end game with strangers if i am 100% sure i know every end and out of the fight... otherwise it's with the static.
I went to Cairns when i was living out in the marshall islands and saw a statue of [Capt. Cook](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/Captain_Cook_statue,_Cairns.jpg) always wanted to know more about the dude lol.
first song i learn to play on the bass... hits me right in the feels.
did i just start a relic/zodiac quest? :P
was just thinking about this yesterday while making gear for sub jobs... even if i can just click on the item i have excess of and see what i can make with it.
not sure if your being serious but in the wiki you posted... "The original agreement allowed the United States continued use of the U.S. Army Kwajalein Atoll (USAKA) missile test range until 2016. An amendment to that agreement, extending U.S. rights until 2066 with an option until 2086..."  Lived there for several years... then afterwards enlisted in the Navy for 8 years. I know bases lol... this place is a base. It's ran mostly by DoD but there are some higher up brass stationed there as well. (not ever day you get a billet to a tropical paradise)
PLD - Main  MCH - new DPS main   GSM / BSM / LWR - because Masterbook II Unlocked and Lucis  Miner then all the other crafts.
(most recent) some ass hat snagged my tank earrings from t11 only because he said he was looking for the word "fending" in the loot list when it said "tank earrings" after my name. Been Farming t11 for so damn long and it was the first time i saw them drop.
i guess cuz you really don't know what the person is ready to do to get that money... Kudos for turning yourself in, fatherhood really does change a man (I have 4 rugrats so im not even sure im the same person i was before lol)
as a graphic design who sits around all day digitally drawing i can tell you that is not whats happening here.
when i used to go diving in the marshall islands i would frequent a spot called the sandy flats. [it would just go on and on](http://www.wallpapersdb.org/wallpapers/beach/underwater_sand_1920x1200.jpg) (not the actual spot be very similar) and on those really calm days it was just the most serene thing to just sit there and listen to the ocean noise. I could see this happening in one way on Uranus.
LOL reminds me of the pancake i got one day in basic that was so hard you could literally write on it... so i broke out my ricky pen and wrote "you should not be able to write on this!" clear as day then left it on the table. Good thing this was not in your day.
Graphic designer here as well. it gets slow sometimes but i mainly procrastinate A LOT :P
consider this a release of sorts... you are wrapping up the last parts of a life you are leaving behind and you need to close all the doors.   Tell them all at once... out in the open (at a time when most of them are on) get their attention, let them know your about to drop some serious IRL stuff so there is no miscommunication and some immature ass hat drops jokes.   If they show maturity and understand then you have just created a bond with a group of people that will last a long time... if they can't handle it use the name change thing on mogstation and drop some fantasia and do exactly what you are doing anyways, rediscovering yourself.
same here except i have 4 kids... and it fucking terrifies me to no end that the odds of losing any of them right when the shit hits the fan is to damn high.
For someone who has served 8 years in the Navy, sailed countless oceans, participated in a few [swim calls,](http://www.blackfive.net/.a/6a00d8341bfadb53ef01a3fcef2418970b-pi) lived on a tropical island in the middle of the pacific and even gone diving you would think this fear goes away... Day time im fine whens theres people around and i know the divers are in the water looking out... but night time, FUCK THAT!!!
ive never hear of anything... sharks usually dont bullet straight outta nowhere, the creep up on you and circle you a few times, then if they wanna see what you taste like will dart and you and rub skins :P anyways, divers are in the water so they'll spot a shark long before this starts if the shark is even brave enough to approach all that noise... then everyone gets out but thats never happened in the 3 times ive done it.   mandatory [shark view for de creps](http://www.defense.gov/dodcmsshare/homepagephoto/2014-09/hires_140927-N-IC565-7241d.jpg)
glad im not the only one who thought that lol
292  Pterois Volitans on Excalibur   Time card
OH OH OH as a main gsm/min i can wait for a gold minecart!!! FUCK i just realized i changed my miner retainer to a BLM... SHEEET!
dude obviously hasn't been in this situation... neither have i but im on your side. I have clear t5 about a billion times trying to get the fucking elusive Fending helm... seriously has never dropped in over a year. If the final day came and i got the helm followed immediatily by a DC / Server crash only to log back in to see that i lost it... i would probably quit the game. This is why 15 secs vs 5 mins is such a big deal... you could literally lose players because of it.
was gonna level pld to 60 first so i could start all the post 60 stuff but i think imma bee line machinist to 60 instead. 30-50 shouldn't take too long with fates and dungeons right... right???
oh no... i get that part, i do graphic design myself. Im talking about the actually quality of the pictures themselfs. They sucked before... they still suck lol
yep got all my mats for the inferno gun ^_^
I HAVE NO FUCKING CLUE WHY IM EVEN PRETENDING TO WORK!
15 freaking gold feathers... start calling up your friends!!!  edit: 5 per friend   or sub time of 150, 210 and 270 days (5 each time)
i have 4 of em... and after the first 2 i realized that even after doing this... they will walk away even more confused or with more questions making them even MORE interested in what you told them not to do. Pick your battles with this if its a must but you will lose em all lol.
better than coil runs where ur rolling against 7 others... desynth at that level is either very expensive or very time consuming to level. i've only got gsm to 101 just recently.
Our FC came together last night and did all 4 pieces then set sail for her first 18hr adventure :P The Enterprise ^_^
dont' even talk to me about my crafting macros... fucking reeked havoc on them T_T
you know why, out of all the laws in the land throughout time, honor thy mother and father is on the top ten list?   Because once you come into a true relationship with God you will begin to realize, just like normal parents, he can say no or will do things without your permission that you don't like. And even though you may hate his guts for it, there is a reason.   As a father of 4 i cant even begin to tell you how much this simple idea translates to everyday stuff.   "BUT DAD... WHY!!!???"   "Son, at 6 years old you are way to young to even comprehend why you can't fly off this bridge like spiderman, but just know that it is for your safely."  Sometimes you will not understand it, sometimes it's just downright unfair, but there is always a reason.
so beautifully worded, i can only imagine the in-depth and inspiring conversations we could ha... oh wait no you're a fucking moron who contributes zero to everything around him.   See what i just did there? proved to you that even though i love God and try to follow in his path everyday i can still slip up and be the most un-religious person you will meet. (what i was trying to say before your comment) Also i hope you get into a car accident today. Cheers!
It's like when i talk to my wife about working on a engine... it's nonsense to here because she does not have an ear for understanding those things. Same as you, you don't have an ear for God so all that stuff earlier sounds like nonsense to you... (most of it was based off what the early post was talking about)   And yes, because of what the earlier post said...  &gt; Literally everything in life changes with a belief in god, including but not limited to legislation being passed based on your own skewed perception of reality.   I was trying to point out that nothing changes just because you believe in something, even if it is contrary to said belief, like my sailor mouth and complete contempt for people being unproductive.
This is very good to know. Also one of the only spoiler tags i've click on... was risky but worth it lol.
lol we both call into question whether or not we understand what each other is talking about. (you: faith / me: scientific method) and I said "my" just because I was taking ownership of the observations being mentioned (along with the rest of the process that I didn't think I had to type out.)   Anyways, What would my test be? Why you need not look any further than one of the biggest problems atheist (and the like) have with religion. Money. God knew exactly what he was doing when he added this little tid bit because that is the one thing we have, and will always, hold onto the closest. We busted our ass for it right? Well anyways it is this bond God wanted to shatter because he saw what happened before when man got lost and started worshiping other worldly things like gold/money... and its bad.   Now completely overlooking what is done with the money (good or abused) because thats not a factor here, we take a look at the giver. Lets think about some factors here... giving with a open heart, giving with contempt, not giving at all, giving your scraps, giving your finest etc...  As you can see there are a lot of mind frames when it comes to this but what you put in you get back... gave a 100 bucks but swore about doing it the whole time? God will give it back but make you stand in a DMV like like for hours on em to get it back... and of course your swearing the whole time lol. See how that works? Give more than is needed and you get back more than you need... broke as shit with 10 bucks to your name but you said "no, He can do so much more with this than me." Watch that man get paid back by the but load because he gave everything he had.    I never really got serious about God until a few years ago (even tho i grew up hearing these things and granddad was a preacher so on..) I don't think it means squat until you except him yourself... not learn about him and say ok from someone else. That being said, since getting serious about it i also got serious about giving... and there is not a single investment in this ENTIRE WORLD that has paid back, and then some, than giving to the church. I could really spell out some blessings that i knew were gonna come simply because this whole thing I explained is a promise from God. And he has backed em up every single time.   I would actually welcome you to try this yourself. but remember your heart needs to be in the right place, don't go saying imma prove this "thedaveness" asshole wrong mwahaha but instead give willingly with an open heart, and don't be a chump make it 10% &gt;.&gt;
The notion that people can't test God is kinda false... in Malachi 3:10 it talks about testing Him with your tithe and to watch as the floodgates burst open with some many blessing...   You wanna know why this has anything to do with God? because it is Him... testing US and once i realize this little game of blessings i said game on. So I started to give and give more (even though i thought i couldn't afford it) and immediately start getting back more than i could imagine, and were not just talking about money but promotions and healthy living, 4 kids, (stuff people truly want and not just money that comes and goes) just blessing all around. I know that it has EVERYTHING to do with God Because of the consistent return... and the fact that it is ALWAYS returned (with extra sometimes) It has not once failed. So either my family is the biggest walking coincidence and i should really start gambling (because of our constant lucky returns) or it is God.
Netflix has a long way to go but i am just soo happy that i'm alive to watch the death of cable... IT WILL BE GLORIOUS!
Many many hours spent there... loved the tune and feel of the zone. I farmed boyahda moss there since the goobs were one of the few things BLM could solo back then.
Because i think the common misconception with God is that he is *that* involved with pulling the strings... I Have 4 kids and to guide their ever step is not only extremely exhausting but it is also counter productive. They learn better, faster and also sinks in better if they do things on their own. Pretty much the same goes for Him, not nessicssarly direct involvement (like old testament days, because even when he revealed himself and his miracles right in front of peoples faces they still didn't believe it) But instead in a more guiding (surprise, parental) manner. They focus a lot on parenthood in the Bible and it's parallels to how God handles business in the same way.   But in the end you are mostly right, it is varying results based on naturalistic reasons. The rules of the universe, nature and evolution (and all those other crazy ideas religious folk like to shoot down outta fear) don't just disappear just because God exists. Those are the universal systems in place so that there is little reason for God to step in at all. Shit what do you think would happen if He was as involved as some believe? You think i would be happy to wake up to an elephant in my living room just because my son felt like it was a good idea to pray for one the night before? Nope more like just enough intervention to daily restore faith in humanity lol cuz we sure as hell need it.
The first time i heard this song i was already in a chill mood in a chill, low lit room... i closed my eyes and follow his instructions to a tee, imagining the safe yet vulnerable place.   Instantly hypnotized me and put my into a trance dream state where the whole song played out with some interesting visuals... As someone who has taken a lot of acid in the past i'm pretty sure his magical words actually kicked up some of the ol' spinal juice because that experience was defiantly on par with a flashback.
went through this same training. we did it six times with and without blind folds escaping out various exits, and i didn't have a problem with any until the last one. Escape out the main entrance/exit blind folded. My main problem wasn't spacial awareness, i had the reference point thing down... it was that i was siting the furthest away from the damn exit with 6 people in my way. We hit, fill up, roll, unbuckle and BAM swift kick right to the face. (people in front of me panicked and forgot i was there i guess?) Needless to say i didnt make it out of that one and had to tap out, they let me try again (since they were there and saw it and got a good laugh outta me scrambling lol) and i passed but that first run is that closest I've been to drowning since we had to tap our heads if we needed air so they can pull you out, i was stubborn and didnt tap till i knew i was screwed.
