I just use CTRL+Shift+F.¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
True. I play mostly games where optimization is fairly OK for AMD, or garbage for both(... DayZ). I tested disabling every 2nd Core (which results in every core being complete , 4 Cores with FPUs instead of 8 sharing 4) , actually does help in some games!  EDIT: Also overclocking makes a big difference in certain games (WoW comes to mind).
Most of the variants are dual bootable, I run Ubuntu and it works perfectly.   You could also try SteamOS which is also a Linux variant.  EDIT: Not sure if SteamOS is dualbootable by now, they said it would support it tho.
Programmer here, fuck UIs, all of them.
1. Yes, mine are at 28~   2. Stay below 75C to be extra safe, but my guess would be even 80-85 wont damage it by much.   3 &amp; 4. Reseat first.  5. If fan you constantly however over 80 I'd get a better one.   6. Doesn't matter how you apply your paste as long it is enough (even too much doesn't impact performance noticeably).    With my h100i my temps are at 25-30C when idle, 50-55C when under load.  EDIT: Fucked up my formatting, I'm on mobile, sorry.
For me it was at 80C° (Gigabyte UD3 Rev 1).
I had pretty good experiences buying used CPUs, maybe you can even find an i7 for your budget. If you want new and within budget you should look at i3s (33xx, 34xx).  EDIT cheapest i5 in Germany I found is at 130€, cheapest i7 is at 165.  EDIT2 ok there is a i7 2600 for 133, but that seems quite a lot for such an old chip.
76C° should be almost 100% safe, I had my 7870 run at 85-90C° for two years without issue.
God damn it I have one of those too.
Only if you actually use them, I have 12 Threads and pretty much the only time all 12 of them work is when I compile or render something.   If you like to play games that needs 3-4 Threads and watch Twitch (or something that requires some CPU like streaming) at the same time the i7 might be worth it.
I used to have a Asus M5A78L-M LE which is a pretty cheap AM3+ MoBo, it couldn't even handle a FX 6100 OC to 4GHz without dropping voltage and clock (the VRM got to 110C°+). However that might be a AMD only thing since VRM have been moved to the CPU itself (at least on Haswell). So, depending on MoBo you might be able to OC, just not as much as with a more expensive one.
Not the newer ones, the older ones :P. I remember my old AMD 7870 would draw 200W just by itself even tho it was only a midrange GPU.
Didn't know about the diabetes part, will look into it. Thanks!
I didn't try that yet!
I don't know what you are talking about , [I get jungle pretty  much all the time](https://i.imgur.com/pQXlUbY.png).
I'm playing with 1620DPI / 1000hz. And mouse speed in the windows setting is set to 7.
Hm, the most bizarre thing about my setup is probably the excessively overpowered CPU I'm using, everything else is pretty ordinary.
One of the reasons I bought the 5820k is so I'm not tempted to try deliding it. I would fuck it up anyway.
It's normal to end up much lower than you were last season, I was D5 and started in S1 on my smurf.
She makes me happy when I flash + gapclose just to kill her instead of the ADC :^) .
Letztens habe ich bei noch relativ guten Verhältnissen ESP an meinem 1er ausgemacht, war schon sehr sp00ky.
Huh, here in germany emergency vehicles are allowed to run red lights, and those who have green are not only required to yield to it but actually actively get out of their way.
I love BMWs, but I'll never actually own one that is also my DD.
Here in germany quite a lot of new cars are actually leased by regular companies (and then given to employees), they can deduct some of the cost from taxes, so it probably isn't that lucrative in other countries. I also think I read somewhere recently that private leases have gone up considerably.
I agree, but my guess is most programmers just don't care and use int for everything, where I work we actually once had a pretty big bug happen because an int was overflowing and causing weird stuff to happen.
Shyvana is still very good, the nerf was unnecessary but didn't hit her that hard, on my plat smurf I have a 80% winrate.
I'm german and sometimes they really take it too far with localization.
I'm a Tank since BC and I could burst a vein if a Tank doesn't pull at a decent speed for the few cases where I'm DPS. There is no need to just stand there and do nothing.
9/10m (and lots of Gul'Dan wipes) Prot Pally here, ask away!
I would but it's so rare to find one that does damage T_T I do almost 1m dmg burst as holy so I don't understand why they wouldn't.
Not much, about 5k-10k a week best case. I use it mostly to get resources and buy old mats with it.
If you are a healer and struggle with this, take your time and write a macro informing the party that you are low on mana, many tanks (I'm often no exception to this) simply forget to check a healers mana.
By the way, if you have any questions to tanking in general you can go ahead and ask me, been tanking for almost 10 years now :P.
Same here, were 10/10m and have a few that just started at the end of MoP.
Wenn die Klima so eingestellt ist dass es im Gebäude über 25°C werden kann, dann können die Kollegen meinetwegen auch Feuer machen, ist schon zu heiß für mich.
Yup I set my BoS value at a flat 250g.
What keys did you bind so far? I have 1-5, Q E R T F Z Y X C V and F1-F4 combined with Shift and Control modifiers that makes quite a few free keybinds to usen
10/10m Prot Pally here to answer your questions!
They probably will do their job but from experience they die pretty fast (about one year).
Don't be a afraid to use Painsup and Barrier when damage is high, while my disc has a bit better gear (905) I do 250-350DPS over the course of an instance. On higher keys you should preferably never stop healing, absolutely always use PWD:S on your tank, apply plea to people taking damage, if it is a lot of damage immediately switch to Shadowmend, dont forget Radiance + LW does a lot of damage and thus healing. I wouldn't rely on using Shadowcovenant to heal the party, it's a nice out of combat instant heal but I highly prefer Atonement for AoE heal.
Not necessarily potions, but drink every time combat drops.   I usually never stop doing damage other than to apply Atonements. PtW is a big source of damage, especially since penance spreads it. Usually when someone drops below 60% I spam some Shadowmends and then top them off with Atonement.
The only time I don't take Seraphim is when it's Teeming + Explosive, not because it does so much damage but to have more abilities to kill explosive orbs, plus that one talent that gives you %dmg and def the more enemies are near you is not much of a DPS loss during Teeming.    For high keys slow but steady is my go to approach, pull pack by pack. Some exceptions apply of course, for example at the start of EoA I always pull the first two on the left and the other two furter back at that tent thing and don't be too sparse with using Wings on trash.   The pants are actually far ahead of any other leggy in M+, the belt is a not-so distant second, with all others being outshined by those two. If you have them I'd replace the ring with Prydaz or Archimondes Cunning.
10/10m Tank here with some experience on Disc, for whatever that is worth, here if you have questions, until someone with more experience shows up!
I usually take aggro of the first two, walk up to the other two, kick the caster and meet the other pack halfway.    I also don't have the pants :( I'm due for one any time now, hope it's going to be the pants.
A few weeks ago I opened about 30 and only got 1 dauntless, I think they have always been rare
My personal favourite this expansion is Shadow Priest by far and then Prot Pally
I was talking about the HC version, Normal is kinda trivial :P.
Haven't really played DK in Legion :P.
I spend about 30min to an hour for goldmaking with the auction house and make 20k on very bad days. When ToS came out I made more than 100k for the next three days.   Edit: I do have almost all professions on my characters tho.
Sometimes people want to rush all Mythics in one go for the AP they provide, in that case they'll look for very high geared people since they will be rushing it extremely fast (were talking not even taking a healer levels of rush), they don't do them for the gear. If there are no groups up that do them for gear just make your own! You'll probably meet a few assholes tho but I've made good experiences with randoms this expansion so far.
