Many Jews (like myself) find the rabid anti-Israel sentiment on campus troubling. One can be a Zionist and still find Israeli policies problematic. Zionism just means we believe in a state for the Jewish people (Note: this doesn't mean a Zionist must be opposed to a Palestinian state).  However, now Zionism has become akin to a swear word, and people who know very little about the history of the I/P conflict are screaming for the indictment of Israel, banning Israeli scholars or scholars with a pro-Israel stance, and conflating all Zionists with war criminals.
Yeah I run two Belchers too. They help fill out the OP pali curve. If you're having trouble vs. face shaman you could always try teching in 2 Cogs or maybe even an Ooze/Harrison (if you're facing a lot of palis+shammies).
I disagree with this assessment. I run Brann and feel little impact from the negative battlecries.   For Flame Imp, you usually play him before Bran, and it's only an issue if you draw him while Brann is still alive on the board. If you draw FI with an active Brann you can usually just play a different card(s) anyway or trade Brann into something if you desperately need to play a FI on T4+ (which I have never found to be the case).  For Doomguard it's even less of an issue, because ideally Doomguard will be the only card left in your hand, and even if you have up to two other cards, it makes no difference. It's usually pretty easy to have Doomguard+2 or less cards at T5, considering how low-cost the Zoo curve is.  The pros of Brann are that he has a decent body, and combos with a bunch of your cards to give you surprise burst. +4 attack from Abusive and Dark Iron, Power Overwhelmings or Soulfires from Peddler, and a very strong effect from Argus. Brann is also basically a soft taunt, as no one is going to leave him alive if they can help it.
Yeah I'd like to try EoM but unfortunately I don't have it. If nothing else it looks like a super fun card.
You're right, I do. I don't actually play mage as I'm FTP (no Flamewaker). I do run into them a lot though. I got confused!
In Toronto, Ontario, the lead pipes on my street were replaced within the last ten years, and this is right downtown. Even so, it's good they did it eventually, and Toronto tap water is supposed to be some o' the best in the world.
I have a large, aggressive portfolio (85% equity) for a *long* time horizon (30 years+). I've had the same thoughts that your are, and I got asked this question: is chasing that .5% annual return worth it?  Let's say the market crashes like in 2008. Companies take a massive hit and lay off workers, including you. Your equities have lost 45% value, and you're unemployed, with no source of income. Wouldn't it be nice to have that 10% you can tap into without realizing a massive loss?  How about a less terrible example. The market is down and you'd like to buy a house. If you want to put down a larger down payment, you'll realize a loss.  If you can still 100% say "it's worth it" then go for it, but there are no guarantees in life.
This is an important point. I think it's silly to go chasing .5% gains in exchange for a 100% equity portfolio (vs. 90%), yet at the same time you're not doing your absolute best to minimize tax drag (which could easily equal .5%+).  Personally I use VUN/XEF/XEC.
I haven't been to either country, nor do I ever intend to. My knowledge comes from Western sources (I am not American, and nor are most of my sources).  I don't think it's preposterous to compare two Islamic theocratic dictatorships that both enforce Sharia law.   I would much rather visit Iran than Saudi, but they're both bad, and I'd rather skip both.
Whoops sorry. I was very tired when I wrote this. Well aware of the difference.
My bad. I do know the difference, just a typo. Must've been reading "West Bank" as I typed it or something.
I was talking about Gaza but misspoke. Deleted the comment.
My parents own a very old (est. 1940) used bookstore and I work there from time to time. It's really incredibly boring. It's not even the retail aspect. It's the sitting in an empty shop for hours and hours with very little to do and very few customers who aren't browsing.  It sounds interesting and romantic but it's mostly just sitting around.
I've been switching between dup and counterspell and like them both. Duplicate also works as card draw(ish) and won me several late-games. The problem right now is most people expect a non-Mirror Entity to be counterspell and can often play around it.  Duplicate's problem is Mirror Image. Really disappointing when that happens.
Hmm. I'm sure you're right but I'm FTP and unfortunately don't have arcane blast, nor is it a priority. Don't know why they had to make it an epic. Seems more like a rare.
but how is the southern Canadian climate different than the northern US? In Ontario there are a !@#$ton of mosquitoes.  Is it because it's cold up here? 'Cuz it's not actually that cold, until you start goin' further north.
My family deals in rare books and I'm actually surprised by how cheap the "most expensive ABE books" are, but I guess that's because very expensive books aren't sold through ABE.  Typically collectors approach my family inquiring if we have a certain book. A lot of it seems to be purely from word of mouth. There's also an antiquarian book-dealer society, so collectors can be pointed in the right direction through them.  There's also a good chance collectors aren't the savviest internet users, as many of them are in their 80s+.
Don't got no smartphone!
Many non-smokers, like myself, are on the side of marijuana legalization. Enforcing petty marijuana related crimes is a huge waste of resources and ruins lives, especially for minorities. Legalizing weed will be a huge source of tax revenue, tourism, and it's no more harmful than alcohol (many would argue it's much less harmful).
It's a relief to meet another "ez" survivor. Sometimes I feel like the only one.
I've never felt so validated by a tweet.
I work in one of the seediest hoods in the city next to these bars and what you're saying isn't actually how they work.  Criminals don't flock to a random bar and ruin it, they're attracted to bars that intentionally turn a blind eye to criminal activity and are probably run by organized criminals themselves.   One of the bars on my block harbors crackheads and dealers who hang-out inside and out. They'll kick you out if you're not "one of them", and the bar is tended by a solitary woman with no bouncer. Considering how dangerous the patrons are I highly doubt she's not linked to organized crime. There have been several stabbings outside the bar over the years and it's crazy that they still have a license.
For some reason I thought they were a mother, but I guess they're a father.
I guess? I don't know what you're talking about. I'm not American.
Reading that sentence actually made me gag a bit. I just ate!
If you're looking for a mechanical keyboard the Corsair Vengeance keyboards are pretty nice. I have a K70, with brown switches. [Looks like this but without the stupid enter key (and it's not the European version or whatever this one is)](https://www.technic3d.com/article/pics/1571/Corsair_K70_Tastatur_004.JPG).  Brushed stainless steel body, black keys, programmable backlight (mine is blue, but I don't really use it), dedicated media keys (something I always look for), USB passthrough, and mechanical switches. Just don't spill liquid on it.
My GF just bought me a pair for the holidays. They work, I think. To be fair I've never actually worn LJs so I don't have anything to compare them to.  I wore them while biking today for the first time under my jeans. My legs felt fine (not toasty but not cold either), and now that I'm indoors they still feel fine.   However, I'm betting they're going to give me some ingrown leg hairs since they're like tights. Man-tights.
Yeah I'm going Saturday with my GF because of this thread.
I believe OP means relative to the world. As a Canadian, Hillary seems right of our centre party.
You serious? I can get an XL of some of the best pizza in Toronto for $17. I thought Quebec had cheaper food.
&gt; Not many Chinese live in Chinatown.   Anecdotally, it seems like a whole bunch of 'em live in Chinatown to me. My street consists of students and Chinese families.
Lived in downtown Toronto my whole life and I pronounce the whole GD word. I've also *never* met anyone who says "Tronno" "Trannah" or whatever else. Even the people who claim "Tronna" is the "true" pronunciation still just say Tor-on-toe.
&gt; some guy whispered if I need anything.  Just your average good Samaritan I'm sure.
I wish I could do this, but the weather in my area won't pick a lane. It's been freezing/thawing/freezing and none of the trails are rideable :&lt;.
How protective are the pads you linked? I've never worn knee pads and those look like a couple layers of fabric (i.e. not super protective). I ask because I'm a powerlifter and would like to protect my knees, but don't know how much padding I need (trail riding, fairly technical).
Yeah I've lost a lot of ground since injuring my knee last spring, but I'm getting back on track. Took quite a while to get it diagnosed as IT band syndrome.
I wear jeans in fall/winter. Wearing $20 "slim" jeans (tapered, not skinny jeans). Rolling the cuff will help with getting caught in the chainring, not sure about the crotch.
Not a member of government...
Nice. I'll probably get 'em then. I'm not doing anything too crazy but if I'm going to wear pads it'll be to prevent moderate/serious injury. Thanks for the help!
Not sure if this helps but I've been riding the same $450 Raleigh hardtail for the last 12 years. It sure ain't light but it's still truckin'!
I'm not an American but free speech means that the government can't censor you. It doesn't prevent you from getting punched in the teeth when you're being a piece of shit.
Canadians have health cards because we all get health care :). Plus, we can use utility bills, students cards, library card, etc., as ID.
Depends on the province, but most new health cards are photo ID. Mine also isn't photo ID, but I've chosen to stick with the old card.  The health card you have still works as voter ID. You just need to pair it with something else.
You **don't** need photo ID. You could use a library card and a utility bill, or a letter from a shelter if you're homeless.  The reason your argument doesn't work is because it's quite easy to vote in Canada, and I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes in line on election day.
I have an old MTB that's 3x and I've never tried anything else.  Just curious, why is 2x better than 1x? Don't they end up having a similar range of gears?
Holy cow, you're right! Thanks for making me much more unattractive to liberal American ladies.  It does seem as though Canadians can sponsor their spouses for permanent residence (stepping stone to citizenship).
Sorry I have not. I'm from Ontario and have only ridden The Don trails.  Seems like [this video](http://www.trailforks.com/video/3010/) is taken from within Winnipeg. http://www.trailforks.com/region/westview-park/
I'm 24 and haven't managed to injure myself yet :&gt;.  I did fall off a skinny and crush the tip of my wang on my seat last week though.
If I lived in the states I'd be buying a gun ASAP. Shit's 'bout to get real fukt.
Well now I feel like my new (used) 4130 dirt jumper is a Ford Taurus piece of poo!  I've been considering a nice steel hardtail for my next (and first real) mtb, but Reynolds tubing is hella expensive, and most of the larger NA companies seem to use 4130 or "custom" tubing.
