Y'all have me sold. Gonna jump the bandwagon and get a Weilong GTS soon.
Keep it up. Becoming CN is very useful - I feel it improved my overall recognition by a huge rate.
There's different algs for the same effect. I use the one from Badmephisto's sheet and find it super comfortable to execute.
I dnon't do BLD yet, unfortunately. But I have been following OPs posts on this for a while now.
I'm on a roll with breaking my averages, fam, so excited! Got my first sub-30 Ao5 that wasn't due to a series of lucky scrambles and/or skips - all full step, too!  And almost breaking sub-35 Ao-Ao100 already, which is just crazy to think of because I struggled so much from sub-50 to sub-40. My efficiency has been increasing at an unbelievable rate lately, whoa.
Good stuff! My J(b) is still very shaky, tho, but I'll look into it!
Top of my head, I think I know around 30. There's so many more, though. Muscle Memory is amazing - I couldn't call them out step by step in writing without a cube in my hands, it would confuse me a lot.
Different strokes for different folks, then. I had tried a couple approaches and his is what clicked the most, despite the style.
Badmephisto's OLL guide is pretty solid, IMO, but his  PLL guides... not as much for me.  I'm using AlgDB to get the PLLs, and it truly is an amazing source. I'm trying about one per week or so, just so it isn't too overwhelming.
You're correct. I started doing it as I was averaging 1:15min Andy times skyrocketed up to *six minutes*. They went down pretty consistently as I practiced, so my advice is: Do. It time yourself. Focus on learning and understanding F2L.
I'd like to graph my times. I've thousands of times solves but no idea of how to even start to do it.
Thanks, really appreciate it. "Calm yo tits" is indeed one of my favorite expressions, hah.
Oh, I'm relieved. Speaking from someone who's always stubborn about seeing a doctor for whatever reason, you're doing well in getting this checked. I'm assuming you're, tops, in your 20's - so there's plenty of resilience in your body yet, in which case don't get too worried about this. Just don't push yourself too much or you could potentially hurt yourself.   Edit: can't grammer
I'm Color Neutral, so to avoid any kind of bias I always start from a rand position.   That's now how official WCA events roll, though (as far as I know), because on those everyone gets the same scramble.
Yeah, but I don't really do reconstructions myself yet, so it's ok.
I'm not in the US/EU, so Traxxas is ridiculously expensive over here - I use a spray-on 100% silicone which a few cuber friends vouched for and works real wonders.  Since it is pure silicone, it won't hurt the plastic. Just make sure to not overdo and you'll be fine - of course you can clean it up with some paper towel if that's too much, but you'll get the feel eventually for how much is enough.
I used to play piano / guitar some 15 years ago, I have a little idea of how nervous you were haha. Great job!
Like madness, I'm tellin' ya! D:  It's a New School piece based on Alice in Wonderland - I've already got the Red Queen and the White Rabbit done... Some 25 hours into them and so much left yet!
Can I haz PB? 23.76!  And did one accidentally untimed solve that was DEFINITELY sub-20. I mean, it was a 5-move xxCross but still, when I saw I hadn't started the timer properly I was upside down pissed.
An advice I always give and sometimes forget to apply to myself, how ironic, is to do non-timed solves.  For a couple days I did many of those and can sense I improved a ton now. Crazy.
It's fantastic. Do use it. I'm currently sub-33 and use algorhotms for like 3 out the 42 total F2L cases only. The rest is all intuitive Nd I learned it from Rido's method.
My right thumb and middle fingers hold the B slice and my index finger slams down the space between F and M slices.  It's a knack. Much easier with my stickered Meiying than with my stickerless SS, FWIW.  Edit: To add to it, if my cube is running short on lube but still decent, I just hit the M slice and it does an f move.
Colour me surprised, I've been mixing these up for the longest time now :|
Ah, makes sense. I've been developing this skill sort of intuitively lately - mostly doing non-timed solves and experimenting different solutions for trickier cases. I'll try to consciously practice it in the coming days and see how it goes.
From the other side of the spectrum, I'm sub-33 and my cross takes 3 to 7 seconds. Your F2L must be incredibly efficient - what are your splits, and also do you do Full PLL?
My jimmies have been successfully rustled now.
Thoughts on Stickerless Meiying vs. Weilong GTS?  I'm considering the latter, even though it is *extremely* expensive over here (US$ 27,00) - But it's either that or risk importing fees + wei long shipping times.
I switched to ZYX after Chaotimer wouldn't measure my Ao1k. Been really good so far.
That and M slices. It took me quite a while to realize I could / should be using them during the cross every now and then.
Yup. If you wish to intimidate other interviewees and preemptively make them more nervous about the competition, it's better to be more subtle. I'd always carry a german newspaper with me, for example - but I know German, so I can back that up, naturally, lol.
Did I unlearn how to English or is the title incredibly confusing?  Edit; Ok, I got this. Somehow CsTimer marked 20 minutes during a PLL practice session?
Happens to me sometimes. I'm still chasing that elusive sub-20 PB but even with easy crosses or skips I end up missing them because of bad f2l or too much adrenaline going. I'll give your scramble a couple tries and report back, tho.   Edit: Ran an Ao5: 29.68. Not bad for my standards. I'm color neutral, so I did five wholly different solutions and got a PLL skip in one of them.
I'm closing into sub-30 now and know about 8 PLLs and like 11 or 12 OLLs.   2-Look PLL takes me roughly 4 seconds, but if I manage to one-look it, only 2, even less for some cases.  At your current averages, I'd say work some easier PLL cases without much pressure for getting Full PLL (all the while you drill the cases you already know to get them really good, sub-2 seconds at least) and focus on Cross and F2L. Exactly one month ago I was sub-45 and working on those steps is without a doubt what boost my times the most.
March 29th is what I consider groud zero - that's when I first started to solve without cheat sheets. I'd started a couple days prior to that.
Just finished cleaning, reassembling and lubing my Meiying. It had an uncanny amount of cat hair on the core, lol. Totally worth the effort, feels brand spanking new!
I may or may not imagine similar scenarios.
Ayy lmao, I shouldn't have laughed at this. Alas, I have a messed up sense of humor.
Spitting mad fire these past couple days again!  Got a 26.xx Ao5 and sub-30 Ao12/50. Currently floating Ao100, ~~30.27~.60.~~  ~~Oops, 30.17~.25 GET HYPE!~~ 30.06~.10 I CAN FEEL MY BODY GETTING HAIRIER ALREADY WOOOO  Five days until my 3rd month anniversary in cubing. It's gonna happen, fam, and it's gonna be real soon.
Best: Getting a high-five from a stranger while waiting for a train.   Worst: Cube explosion on a crowded escalator - Saved all the pieces!
I mean... It's one of the few "logical" conclusions someone might draw if said someone has no idea of how solving a cube works and also refuses to accept any marginally more intelligent explanation.  I don't really mind it anymore. Perhaps I've been heckled so many times on my job that I grew some sort of thick skin for something that literally has no secret to be hidden.
Bruh, I became CN when I was averaging 55 seconds. You made an excellent choice! It is vital that you don't give up, ever, as this will be a lifetime's worth investment in efficiency.   My cross and f2l became a whole other animal once I got used to color neutrality. I highly recommend this to anyone who's averaging between 40s and 60s.
I don't really have any issues, but if the color scheme is too different, it throws me off big time.
*I'm moist*
I've had my Meiying corner twist and pop *once* each in 4k+ solves. And that's only after I loosened its tensions a bit too much to experiment - its corner cutting is fantastic out of the box, too. Highly recommend it. Has a pretty sandy feeling, which is nice.
Thanks, man! What blew me away the most is that even the 20.17 was full step! Two-Look OLL and a lucky Ab Perm PLL. The F2l just flowed so well on this one - I think I'm slowly starting to get the hang of intentional lookahead, which has been helping me tons lately. Three days until my 3rd month "anniversary" in cubing - if I get a sub-20~~0~~ single by then I'll be stoked!
Yeah, I always confused M' and M, so I ended up doing it backwards. The M (following R', if I'm not mistaken this time) is what gets me. I can do M2s rather quickly, though.
Oh, damn. I had the corners completely messed up, haha. But yo, thanks for the help!
I managed to watch the first three earlier and the mechanics of BLD kinda clicked on me finally - the way OP works is far simpler than I originally thought, lol.
Wow, that's fantastic. My PB with beginners method was around 48.xx before I switched. You're doing good in becoming and getting comfortable with CN - Green is my personal nemesis, lol.
My rule of thumb for demonstrations is to always add 20 seconds. Perhaps double my time - this makes it all much safer and people will usually be a bit more impressed.
