beautiful.  I'm still to explore more symphonic Tchaikovsky.  I've used to play a piano reduction of this movement, very well-known.
I was about eleven when I found my dad's old vinyls and among them a few classicals from a collection, including Beethoven's fifth, Chopin's Nocturnes and Tchaikovsky's piano concerto.  He's never been that much of a fan, more into folk and rock.
what would you expect from a bunch of whiny kids?  Too bad most of us who are old enough and willing to actually discuss about games we love have mostly lost time to do so due to that damn real life...
&gt; I have memories of coming home, going straight for the computer, and then listening  haha, to think I was born before the internet and used to listen to music on stereos...
just so you guys know:  I haven't played it at launch time because of all the fuss and crying.  However, it was on promo some weeks ago and I bought it to play after finishing Uncharted 4.  I have to say I'm very positively impressed.  Both by how this is the best downgrade ever and by all the whinning GTA fans can generate when pissed by newcomers.  seriously, WD is in some ways more impressive than even AC Unity.  At the very least, it has a large urban city that feels alive with both traffic and people in the streets, while GTA V was pretty empty... and the grass!  the hills are alive with grass and trees extending to the horizon.  TW3 cries...  now I see from where The Division took its engine and made it better...  I think it was the DOF with bokeh that made the most cries about downgrade.  Or the lack of it in the finished product.  There's no use for it during gameplay.  Some PC bozos came up with one in a mod to show off but these same pc bozos are the ones that hate the most "blurry" backgrounds LOL
there's always a moment like that, no?  I used to listen to classicals in old saturday morning cartoons, but never bothered enough.  After Michael Jackson's Thriller phenomenon got me hooked to vinyls, I began searching for new music and a lot of this was truly old and marvelous music. :)
perhaps not a great game, but good enough to me.  I play AC partly for its historical simulation and from this standpoint, Unity is hard to beat.  Too many fine "Paris stories" and really, just walking about those live, insanely crowded streets makes the whole experience mindblowing.
is it snob not wanting to eat junk as everyone else?  Then yes, I'm snob and happy for it.  canon in D or Strauss waltzes are mega popular because they don't demand much from the listener:  it's basically melody and accompaniement like some pop.  Classical music demands a minimum of education to really appreciate, you should at least be able to distinguish one voice from another in a fugue... you may refuse to educate yourself and call those who do as snobs, but then you're left with a bland wall of sound and will call it incomprehensible and beyond help...  edit:  junk fans already at work downvoting to force everyone else to eat junk too. sheesh :)
sounds like a very reasonable composer :)  I did like that animation and the score.
I usually don't look at the keyboard, let alone my hands, aside from wide jumps.
get outta my way, Big Bro  where's Big Momma?
when I first heard the works of Beethoven and Chopin I just knew I needed to learn to play them.  Not quite there for most of them anyway, but it's love for the whole life...
my body is ready
haha, I remember that
I started listening and couldn't stand 2 whole minutes.  tonal, right...
ah, the good old days of unmoderated usenet... today you're silenced for expressing your opinions...  BTW, first got here following the whole lisp-&gt;scheme debacle... I used to roam on /. too...
I've played the game on SNES, great platformer.  I've also played that wonderful (though quite repetitive) waltz from the castle stages...
slowly at first, follow the rhythmic flow, look up where notes from both hands are vertically aligned.  counting should help.  it's really hard in the beginning, but it soon becomes second nature as you will more easily recognize the rhythmic patterns.  I started learning when I was 16.  it's easy with beginner pieces.  Advanced stuff require real hand independence, because often you'll see rhythmic patterns such as 3 against 4 or syncopations and so on...
it sucks because the majority of the market involves lowlevel assemble line work using components bought from a few high grade providers, while back at university you thought you'd be doing some serious and obscure rocket Science no one else would think about
really?  I'd think otherwise.  the cold ivories make my fingertips go numb... :p
we live in a heater down here in Brazil so we don't buy any such thing.  except when unexpected cold hits... ah, this global warming...
cool, little fan.  I've got plenty of witty remarks plus some wetty too. :)
was Liszt's hand really that big - almost 2 octaves?  I heard that about Rach's.  I wonder how they managed to play tiny chords :)  a tense tenth is my limit...
yea, nothing better for a nap  I wonder if he ever wrote one piece depicting a woman in one of those days...
you never played TLOU?  the only "zombie" survival game I really enjoyed, besides the very first few Resident Evil...  and after that, play the Uncharted games
I'm looking up this game as a spin off of TLOU while TLOU2 gets ready for a late PS4 debut - like the original.  I think the ND guys do deserve some vacations after the Uncharted 4 epic.
I myself tweeted this joke of a game to many followers.  gotta spread more laughs
I'll check later, thanks.  But really, the Fisher-Diskau/Moore recording is a classic that I first listened to eons ago on the radio, then bought the CDs, and now it's on youtube...
those were the days.  There was no such farming for better stats to help you progress through.  Either you did it on your dextery alone or you didn't.
I too thought it'd be SP.  inFamous has always had that Spidey vibe to it, not just in the arachnidian poses of the protagonist, but even the title would be well suited to the hero.  It always looked like "the franchise they couldn't get a spidey license to it"...  but I'm in awe for Insonmiac's current works, so I have high hopes...
I never became stuck farming like crazy in the same place over and over in either Zelda or Secret of Mana, both action RPGs too.  it's really a lousy fault in current games, specially BDSM ones such as this...
I'm a self-assumed elitist smug classical music bastard.  Still, despite the fact that we indeed live in an era of widespread idiocy and the bad pop playing, the out-of-tune piano, the seemingly sustain pedal throughout, I did find the variations on the well-known piece quite refreshing.  Better than plain Für Elise for the ompth time, right?  why so serious?
thank you, Bach.  first real music I listened today...
&gt; I'm really interested in is moments when he breaks conventions and shows how ahead of his time he was  weird.  is that for some homework?  I'm just interested in his incredibly powerful music, such as this violin sonata:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlqMnCv3Ces  I'm really more of fan of chamber music than grand scale orchestral works.  Though I love his symphonies and piano concertos and overtures, I believe the real meat of Beethoven is in his sonatas for piano, violin and string quartets.  go for it...
I'm only an asshole when confronted with shit.
I'll get a 4k TV and a 4k PS when the price is right and there are new consoles with a true generational leap to justify it.
I'm sorry for the sissies who weren't born back when anvils falling onto heads were common.
&gt; Beethoven's sketchbooks  indeed where do you think his compositions were born?  free improvs either on piano or his head and heavy editing and transformation of that material  &gt; can you improvise a fugue?  no  &gt; if you say "no," it's not music anymore!  fucked up logic.  sure, it's noise because I can't improvise nor write one - perhaps I could call it a freely atonal piece and call those who don't like it haters.  I'm not a composer, just a music lover.  &gt; your entire point of view is predicated on you being alive at a certain point in history and that, if you lived a century earlier, your point of view would be radically different  like, I would enjoy Beethoven?  &gt; what you say about atonal music music has been said about other musics for centuries  fuck, no.  Yes, there has been a gradual acceptance of more dissonance in western music through the centuries.  But throughout all these centuries - heck, in music all around the world - music is born from freely improvising upon musical scales, not my carefully plotting serial sequences of 12 notes and structuring your music around that rigid approach paying close attention so that a note doesn't sound before all others have sounded and rinse and repeat.  that's ludicrous and doesn't allow for free improvisation.  scales, not series
yes, pianists usually abhor Clementi or Czerny because they get a lot of pain trying to master the etudes.  They think of them as mere bureaucratic obstacles before tackling Chopin and Liszt.  but Beethoven was fond of Clementi sonatas and really did recommend them to students.  legendary pianist Horowitz paid attention and was rather fond too... I myself think his and later Haydn's influenced Beethoven's pianism a lot.
You know what's wrong here?  you want to learn the piano so you can play this piece and youtubers lie to you that it is easy to play the piano - after all, there's lots of chinese kids playing piano on YT, so anybody can.  piano playing is not easy, it takes tons of practice and sweat to go anywhere.  Those kids are not normal kids with normal lives, they're basically slaves all day long on the piano and not all adults can do that to have that level of proficiency in such small time.  in other words, that song is far above your level and it'll frustrate the hell out of you up to when you finally give up piano playing.  Instead of trying to run like an athlete, first try baby steps.  It is not the same as running in slow motion at all.  try beginner pieces and wait a few years until you can play your favorite "songs"
it means when you're a beginner, your hand is usually very rigid, shy and tense and scales and arpeggios really help with that too
after years of buying vynils and then CDs and then DVDs, then filling the void in my HD with tons of crap, now I just sign up streaming service and neither "own" nor "download" anything at all anymore.  anyway, I just search and listen, sometimes as a webradio stream...  I hardly seek for other users playlists
just to be clear:  I'm very far from being a pro piano player.  This piece is not within my reach.  I'm just fed up with beginners trying to learn piano playing piece by piece, instead of getting to basics to acquire technique by playing many etudes and scales and arpeggios.  Nobody wants that, they want to closely mimic the motions employed by some youtube bozo to play famous pieces.  that doesn't really work  anyway, the OP already clarified he's not a beginner...
&gt; (I cannot express how awful pixel art's persistence is to me; why do people insist on making such otherwise-compelling games so very ugly? Unplayable.) (I finally played the Monkey Island games recently, having missed them in my youth and then not wanting to touch the hideous graphics of the original versions; having to deal with a verb system was a constant annoyance, a reminder of all the ways interactivity has advanced in the last couple decades.)  first of all:  agreed dead on.  I don't get the hang of it either.  It seems fetischism, indeed.  Children fantasizing of old ages of gaming.  We didn't even see pixels back then:  TVs were smaller and CRT gave a natural blurring aliasing that mostly hid them.  Pixelart began with emulation on PC, showing big square pixels on higher resolution displays... that said, it can still be so freakingly abstract as to have a novel beauty to it, as in Hyperlight Drifter.  I played them both The Witness and Broken Age and also marvelled at the beauty of the presentation and elegant interfaces, let alone clever puzzles (specially the whole puzzle language learning and application in The Witness)  but then this doesn't follow your "ancient interface" blemishes:  &gt; there are parser-based IF games. New ones?! Why, my mind says. Why? If you're going to make a computer game, why make it the ugliest possible thing with the worst possible interface?  what do you mean by ugly?  is this text ugly?    They were buttugly as played back then on monotype white on black terminals, but not today with smooth antialiased everyday fonts:  [Spider and Web, circa 98](http://iplayif.com/?story=http://www.ifarchive.org/if-archive/games/zcode/Tangle.z5)  [Enchanter, circa 83](http://iplayif.com/?story=https://pot.home.xs4all.nl/infocom/enchanter.z3)  how can text be ugly?  If it's well written, fine prose and sparks the imagination with vivid scenery, it does its job and doesn't get in the way.  &gt; I parse the text in parser-based IF differently than I do in any other written work because I'm searching for affordances (verbs, nouns) and puzzle solutions rather than reading; the whole thing ends up being entirely dissociative, rather than immersive.  I first read to get a grasp of the current events and my whereabouts, then I make a mental picture of it and try to remember details mentioned, and then focus my attention on these.  but parser IF is definitely not for the hasty.  crackhead gamers will find no fun here
I'm a rarity in the IF community:  I just play IF.  an oppressed minority, might I add...  you might wish to do better with your free time than replicate useless efforts.  How about contribute to either Inform 7, parchment or even damned twine...
&gt; I'd probably eventually just give up on life if I had only that to listen to.  I'd much rather just listen to the sea and wind :)
I only recognize Saint Louis Blues and Midnight Waltz.  good stuff  let me guess, legacy from grandparents?  Mine only handed me down old vinyl discs...
it's a funny story (actually quite sad):  I had famous third in the collection forever as a long-time favorite.  But upon trying to listen to the others eons ago,  I started with number 1 and didn't quite like the instrumentation (not a big fan of overly bright winds such as horns or trumpets).  Summing up, I guess I never took the time to actually listen to the rest, immature and reckless as any teen.  This weekend I listened to nothing but the whole 6 in many different recordings and what a joy to find such superb masterpieces virgin to my ears...  3, 4 and 5 standing quite high now among my favorites.  1 and 2 are nice too, despite the loud winds concertino ;)
Df, Brazil 0_o
fellow jews in a hard time  don't downvote an obvious truth
