Dick issues are the worst.
"Did you feel bad for the guys who worked at Blockbuster...?"  ...I was 15 when I stopped using them, so I wasn't aware of the world.  And that's exactly my point.  This situation isn't unique, and it'll get sorted out.  The winners will win, but that doesn't mean the employees of the old companies should be given the boot immediately.  They need time to adapt or switch industries, so yes, I sympathize.  How would you feel if that was happening to you?  It's a bit awful to celebrate an entire career path disappear.   You sound happy that a bunch of people are losing their jobs.
I was joking, since I had seen that already and thought it was creepy as fuck.  So maybe people thought you didn't get the joke?  No worries though, thanks for the response.
I live in Chicago.  It's awesome.
Sounds like you're well on your way!  * I'll admit that I don't often do a daily task list.  I manage a dozen programs for over 300 facilities, so my days often go off the rails quickly with phone calls and emails.  Instead, my Outlook calender keeps my daily meetings and I simply refer to my weekly task list every day to see what items I can accomplish.  My goal is to migrate nothing to the following week.  * I tried a monthly task list initially, but I almost never filled it out as I cruised straight from the 31st to 1st and there was too much at work to stop and create one ( also why I don't keep daily lists).  Again, my Outlook keeps meetings that move frquently, so a monthly appointment list isn't useful to me.  In 2016, I'm changing this to a Quarterly task list instead, and only writing the larger-scope items there.  My department is quarterly focused so this lines up well.  A few things I will need to be aware of going forward is to make sure I check my quarterly tasks regularly to keep on track, and I want to better manage my days.  I'm considering using 30 minutes at the beginning or end of my day to update my BuJo and file things.
Hey thanks for the info.  I didn't include any retirement savings in my post, which is about $10k a year as well.  I just ran the numbers and my breakdown is:  $32,268 expenses $15,750 in taxes $56,982 in savings.  'Savings' may be dubious.  I just paid off all my credit cards, and now that savings will be split between my retirement accounts, paying off student loans ($21,000 per year is our target toward the loans), and saving for a house.  Our house savings should reach our $30,000 goal by 2018.  So to use your formula, my percentage is 63.8%.  That's a little high though, since I think we'll spend a couple thousand this year on clothing and the occasional movie ticket.  Our new lifestyle is pretty stressful, so we're looking for low-cost outlets to relax.  Thanks!
Exact same hit totaled my GTI in April.  Sorry, man, that's rough.
First book for me was Where the Red Fern Grows.  I was like, 10 maybe?
I paid $15,000 USD for my 2009, but that was 3 years ago and it was certified pre-owned with 56,000 miles.  It was under very different circumstances.
&gt; My (ex) husband was a great trainer, was able to spot plateaus and change my workouts, able to advice me on my diet (and I love to eat, so my progress was a bit slower but I enjoyed it more). I never knew, for example, the importance of the order in which you do particular exercises. So many people put in the effort but did not bother to educate themselves on quality posture and movement over sheer quanity; or, would run 40 minutes straight sweating profusely but at the same rate instead of running for a shorter period and doing interval training.  I think you're downplaying how hard it is to learn this stuff when you don't know or can't afford a trainer.  I'm teaching myself fitness and it's taken me over a year just to get myself into what I consider decent form and a basically supportive core.  And that's with a free gym attached to my work, subreddits like this, and instructor-lead classes.  The time commitment is also in the learning curve - not just in performing the exercise.
I'm a Chicagoan and I didn't hear about this until I heard an npr story *last week.*  I'm sorry that your community has been suffering this long without a solution.  It's a tragedy.  I've done work on underground water systems and dealt with some water treatment.  My first reaction is that whoever made these decisions should have known better or asked some experts before screwing with the water system.  This sort of thing is easily prevented with even minimal due diligence, and should have been dealt with quickly.    I'm sad that this happened to you.
Informative post, thank you.  I don't have a background in finance, so this basic things that most people know are still new to me.
Bummer.  Ty came to my neighborhood early on in that show and when we drove past he was actually building something under a canopy put up in the front yard, with no cameras nearby.  My mom screamed 'Tyyyy!' as loud as she could as we passed by on the busy street; the windows rolled down on her '90 Camry.  He looked up, waved, and had a huge smile.  It's a shame that changed.
Just curious, but what did those cost you?  I'd love to have an injection molding machine.  I worked in a rubber injection plant for a while, but we used Rep and Desma presses.
I'm not proud of this.  I was head over heels for her, but she insisted that we should take a break and get back together "in one year."  I fell for it.  In that year, she moved in with another guy, Facebook stalked me and reappeared in my life any time another woman showed interest in me - and did so just long enough to scare her away - all the while telling me I was her one and only blah blah.    It was amazing manipulation.  She would show up, get drunk, initiate sex (most of the time calling it off before it got going), and then cry to me about how I was the only person who called her beautiful or made her feel special, and how she should have never left me.  Rinse and repeat at least once per month.  If she didn't show up, it was a phone call asking for help for something or other.  In that year I was such an emotional wreck that I trashed almost all of my friendships, nearly failed out of school, and was forced out of my Fraternity in disgrace.  I befriended the kind of people who enjoy emotional wrecks, and who were themselves terrible people which made things even worse.  She later admitted that she was trying to hurt me as much as possible *for an entire year.*  That's when I realized there are bad people in the world.  I was 21.
The loan I have is $25k at 5% fixed currently.  The offer is for 3.565%  adjustable, based on the LIBOR.
I really don't know.  We're trying to aggressively pay off debt and save for a home, but it's difficult to do both.  My wife has a lot more debt at higher interest rates than this particular loan, so those take priority.  I'm guessing that this loan will be in the 10+ year range for a payoff.  :/  The biggest factor is that our financial situation isn't stable over the next five years, so I can't give you a great answer.  And 25k, I fat fingered my edit above.
I've been in your shoes.  My ex fucked my shit up.  Oddly, I met my wife when I had finally given up trying to date people to cover the pain and was ready to start working on myself.  Then she unfucked my shit.  :)  IME, you have the right attitude to move on and get past this.
Cool question, and I'm struggling to answer.  Either,  1. Accepting bribes at work because I'm in a purchasing department, or,  2. Sleeping with one of my students.  Though they're college aged so not illegal, which would just confuse them more I think.  Shit, I'm so law abiding that if I saw me getting arrested I wouldn't know why.
Doesn't affect the woman anyway?  Doesn't affect?  Are they fucking serious?  I got beat up by a bad bouncer once (he was right to throw me out since it was closing time and I talked back, but not right to throw me to the ground and throw a punch, dude was 3X my size) and lost my shit over it for a few days.  I felt incredibly physically violated.  And that was a single, stupid PUNCH.  It's nothing compared to rape.  I think these guys actually need to be beaten up.  Not because it would satisfy me to hurt them or anything sadistic, but because they would finally have the slightest bit of perspective on what it feels like to be at the complete mercy of a person who is harming you and won't stop.
&gt; I can not make estimates about this. But judging by my own third grade (which is 8/9 years old here) I would say that around third would have been mature enough for that [sex with adults]. Of course the environment has a high impact on how early these children mature in regards to their sexuality so my experiences cannot be compared to anywhere else. Sex was quite a frequent theme in the conversations of certain portions of my class at that time.   OK, I can read a lot of lunacy and find a way to justify it, even if it's ultimately wrong.  I'm fairly good at finding the supporting evidence for any claim, really.    But this is too much.  This is a disconnect with reality.  This is ignoring how the world works with such stubbornness that I'm calling this person mentally ill.  No sane person could think that a 9 year old child has an accurate understanding of sex unless they have been sexually abused.  And no sane person could think that simply discussing sex is the same as being mature enough to have it.  The kid hasn't even hit puberty.  The biology to allow sex hasn't even been turned on yet.  This guy isn't a jerk, or mean person, or anything like that. He's sick.  Very sick, and possibly dangerous.  Edit:  &gt; I haven't had any such relationships with any child, or anyone for that matter. And even if I did have a relationship with a child I would be happy if it was just platonic and I don't have a desire to introduce children to the concept of sex. However if they do initiate something with me I won't turn them down.  Correction: he is absolutely dangerous.  He can't accurately interpret the maturity and motivation of children, so he will likely read something innocent as an initiation.  He also doesn't understand the role of adults with regard to children, and that it is a fundamental obligation of every adult to stop a child from doing something that would harm them.  Even if they say they want it, you don't let kids hurt themselves.  What. The. Fuck.
The more I learn about politics and history, the more I realize that the 1980s permanently killed the sexual revolution.  Sure, there was some minor buzz in the 90s, but it faded fast.  I feel cheated, since I grew up in the post-Reagan years and women had to cover every square inch and sex was framed as a bad thing.
I've heard that before and totally forgot about it.  Thanks for reminding me!  Edited.
Dorm parent here.  I have wealthy nice students and wealthy not nice students.  Same for all incomes as well, so money has no relation to parenting.  Anyway, the ones who are raised well help without prompting, no matter their background.  They pick things up, clean, organize and take care of communal spaces, help set up events and distribute food.  They don't have to be enthusiastic participants of every event, but when they show up they take a small amount of ownership and make sure that they are a net benefit to the group, however negligible, without even realizing they are doing it.
Man that sucks.  Like, really really sucks and I want to buy that guy a beer and tell him it'll all be ok.
No problem!  It was perfect timing since I've been looking into fixing up my car a bit too.  I haven't put any work into it in a few months myself.  Let me know if you find out anything interesting about the car, I'm always interested to learn more.  :)
One of mine is almost as old as me at 24 years.  IMO, you never sell an old, working pickup truck.  Too damn useful.
Agreed.  I actually try to put maintenance money into my car every month, without waiting until it needs it.  Some people think it's a ripoff, but I take my cars to the dealership for its 10 and 20k mile services.  They check over everything and give a list of things that need to be addressed.  I can then replace those ahead of time on my own schedule and decide what is worth doing myself or hiring out.  It has the added benefit that my confidence in the car is renewed each time, which is one of the reasons new cars feel so good.  If you can keep your trust in your old car, it never feels old or like it could let your down.
Yeah, that's a big part of it.  I described this elsewhere, but I take my car into the dealership at regular service intervals.  Yes it's expensive, but it also identifies problems ahead of time and allows me to plan maintenance spend instead of react to it.  If it delays buying a new car, it's worth it to me.  And it keeps my current car nice, so I don't feel like I'm driving a beater.
Hi, I'm a dorm parent and I deal directly with victims of sexual assault.  I am a title IX mandatory reporter.  I received several reports this year, on top of the fact that someone close to me was also raped as an undergrad.  You don't need to lecture me about the significance of rape.  Just because you take this seriously does not mean you are the only person who does, and it does not make you a legal expert on the issue, either.
I was the president of my undergrad fraternity chapter and have zero sympathy for frat Bros who wind up in trouble for any reason.  In fact, I'm more disappointed in them than most people who make mistakes because they, in theory, have a larger support system than most students and should have an easier time not fucking up.  But I've seen some incredibly disrespectful things done to Fraternities without provocation simply for being Fraternities, and the perpetrators didn't at all realize their own hypocrisy because we're talking about frat Bros here, they're not real people amirite?
We waited silently for the result, but I wasn't just quiet; I was sweating and shaking, nearly dying with the anticipation.  Finally, the green text printed across the screen, just two sentences.  I couldn't hide my puzzlement because I didn't expect this answer.  It was supposed to be yes or no, right?  It sounded simple when they explained it to me.  "Well, what's the result?" The proctor asked, breaking the silence.  In the room were the proctor, four guards, two high ranking military officers and their orderlies.  One word came to mind, but I kept it to myself: 'How?'  Unsure what to say, I looked back to the green printout on the monitor, with the cursor blinking at the end.  "Congratulations, you have passed the test.  Please kill them."
Hey, glad to hear it!  I always feel good putting some money into my car and it restores some of the love I have for it.  I'm glad the ignition switch worked for you.  I hope the clearing the drains is reasonable and solves the problem.  But all the moon roof parts can be purchased through the ford.com parts website I linked.  You can get new seals and even an all-new moonroof assembly if you really want to.  At the very least, you can compare it to any dealership quote and figure out what their up charge is.  Best of luck!
Thank you for that excellent write up!   I appreciate the time you put into it.  I did some research as well, and even though I didn't find the same thing you linked, I found anecdotes about the similar effect of Strattera, so I went to a psychiatrist and he gave me a starter pack.  Turns out I'm dangerously allergic to Strattera though, and on day four I came down with severe flu-like symptoms.  I had muscle aches, uncontrollable shivering on par with severe parkinsons, and I simply could not get warm.  I went to bed in pajamas, my full length robe, 4 quilts and a winter hat, and I was still cold.  I actually enjoy describing it because it was a wild ride.  So anyway, the next day I called my doc and switched to Focalin.   It's working better, actually, because despite Sudafed being AMAZING, strattera didn't have the same effect and just made me grumpy.  So far, Focalin has worked decently well, and I'm more used to the way stimulants work.  I'm not done, and plan to spend the summer getting the dosage correct.  I'm excited that it's already having a positive impact.  :)
Of course!  Good luck with your eval.  I was originally diagnosed as a kid, so I have a long history of evidence and diagnoses to use when I meet a new doctor.  I assume it's much harder to accurately diagnose for the first time as an adult.  Remember that ADHD people tend to massively underreport the severity of their own symptoms, so it may be helpful for you to ask a close, trusted friend if you exhibit typical ADHD symptoms and tendencies before your next talk with a doctor.  An outside perspective will help you gage your own abilities and limitations far better and the strategy you develop with your doc will be more focused on your specific needs with less trial and error.  I check in with my wife periodically to see where I am, and it really helps.
That sounds reasonable.  I was a construction manager briefly and I can envision a rolling barracks behind the wall construction crew.  It would probably be similar to working on the Dakota oil fracing fields, but moreso.
Hey there, your last point is backwards.  It's not lessening influence that reduces birth rate, it's that negative population growth reduces influence.  Europe is losing influence *partly* because their population is no longer growing.  That aside, I'll address the rest.  1. I'm not ruled by my feelings on this one, but on my understanding of our history with immigration.  My country has opened its doors before and we still exist.  We had two islands devoted to processing overseas immigrants from Europe and Asia because the influx has been so high at certain points.  The only difference is where people came from, not the causes.  I'm in the US because a potato famine starved my ancestors into a ship destined for the new world.  Drug violence and lack of work is doing the same to Latin Americans.  But claiming that all of the US turning into Detroit because of immigration is about the most uninformed thing I've ever heard.  Detroit happened for specific reasons that were completely unrelated to anything remotely close to immigration.  I don't know why you said that, other than to sound scary, which didn't work.  And no, it will not collapse my country.  You said you're not from the US, and it looks like you don't understand how immigration works here, either.  My city, Chicago, has the largest number of Polish people outside Warsaw, and it also has an extremely large German community, and it celebrates the large influence that the Irish had on its police force and politics.  Here's a short list of ethnic neighborhoods that exist here (and not all of them, I don't know most):  * Little Italy * Greek Town * China Town * Ukrainian Village  Other areas of the city don't have specific names but have a traditional heritage:  * Devon Avenue is mostly Indian.  Ironically, we have a type of grocery store called an Indo-Pak grocery that specializes in Indian and Pakistani food.  Those countries hate each other, but get along just fine here.  * Polish Delis.  We're one of the only places in the US that celebrates Casimir Pulaski day, for a celebrated Polish soldier who fought in our Revolutionary war.   * Pilsen is a traditional Latino community on our south side.  Last year it was featured in the New York times as one of the hottest neighborhoods to visit.  It has since become a tourist and hipster destination.  * We have entire Korean malls where it's hard to find employees that speak English, but the food is great.  And that's just a small number.  Each of those places celebrates a particular heritage, but all races live in them.  The traditional immigrant pattern (and we've had many, many, many, immigrants in our history) is that they come here and clump together into tight-knit communities that mostly speak their home language.  The second and third generations become slowly integrated and move away from the neighborhood to pursue their dreams.  The old neighborhood then slowly welcomes everyone else while still celebrating why it is there in the first place.  This is America.  We welcome immigrants, and they integrate into our culture.  Of course we change.  Every group of people changes us, but Latinos have already been here for a long time.  We happily eat Mexican food and salsa dance.  They are already part of us.  Claiming our country will disappear because of them is sheer stupidity.  And it makes economic sense.  Latinos are filling jobs that most current residents do not want.  And they are making up for the declining birthrate among current residents.  Our population is only growing because of them.  So whatever your experience is with immigration in your country, it doesn't apply to the US.
Hi!  I'm an engineer efficiency engineer but I've spent the last 1.5 years in a procurement role.  I feel your pain.  First - don't buy individual components in an attempt to build your own system.  There are plenty of packaged solutions that exist, you just need to find them.  130F is considered low temperature and should be easy to produce using a variety of methods.  The other consideration is how much water is needed.  If it's a decent flow, then you'll need to look into a commercial-grade system.  A domestic hot water heater is great in a lot of ways, but it has a small flame that can't deal with a lot of usage.  It's meant to pull in cold water and heat it up overnight for morning use in a home, and it won't be enough for even a modestly sized car shop unless you're only doing a couple of bumpers a day.  You need commercial or industrial hot water heaters similar to this:    http://www.hubbellheaters.com/model/gx/#specs  But I'm not sure that's the right one for your needs.  For one, it has a minimum flow requirement which your customer may not be able to sustain, and it is only rated for 4.6 gallons per minute with a 100 degree temperature rise.  Is that enough?  WHO KNOWS?    Do you or your customer know exactly what is needed?  Not just the temperature, but also the flow rate, pressure needed, how to apply the water, and how to design a system to produce what is needed?  You said you don't, and in my experience the customer is an expert in their process, not in designing the support equipment that is used in their process.  So here's how I would do this the easy way:  1. Do a vendor search for companies that have products similar to Hubbell 2. Find their local dealers and representatives and try to figure out if they rep multiple product lines. 3. Figure out which of them have sales staffs willing to do a site visit to design a system and quote an installation. 4. Get some quotes for your customer to review, requote if necessary to refine the scope, then negotiate (or don't, it's up to you). 5. Pick the winner, costumer oversees installation.  Here's how I would do this with a little more effort (if it was a high-value project, mission critical or a large-scale operation):  1. Find multiple design-build engineering firms with hot water system experience. 2. Quote their services for all of these turn-key project, just design, just design and installation.  This is to understand their cost structure and equipment markup (see next). 3. Ask the design-build firm if they are willing to allow you to purchase the equipment directly and have them install it, according to their design. 4. Ask them for the top manufactures of this equipment. 5. Select design-build firm of your choice, with customer approval. 6. Solicit equipment pricing from the top manufacturers.  &lt;- should be done alongside design-build firm review as much as possible to save time. 7. Review quotes with your design-build firm as they are now your technical experts and no longer have a financial incentive to push you toward any particular equipment vendor.  Ask specifics about why certain equipment/quotes are better than others. 8. Add together the equipment quote that you received to the design and install quote from the design firm.  Is that total more or less than their turn-key quote? 9. If more, go turn-key route.  If less, buy equipment and supply to design firm for installation.  Of course, do your purchasing thing and negotiate down the prices at each step.  You have now made sure to purchase and install the proper system and the responsibility for getting it correct is on someone who knows what they are doing, not you or your customer.  Plus, you have installed the correct system while driving down the cost through competition and negotiation so you have provided plenty of benefit to your customer to justify your involvement.  I'm new to sourcing, so forgive me if I just gave you sourcing 101 without you needing it, but it's best to assume the lowest level of knowledge for people who ask stuff on Reddit.
I did design work as a manufacturing engineer, though it wasn't anything fancy.  I hand-drafted some schematics for parts racks to be prototyped and built by our fab vendor.  But that was a small part of my job and I mostly solved production problems.  However, I wasn't designing new products, just support equipment for the plant floor.  I have an ME degree though, so I had some CAD experience under my belt.
I'm an energy engineer and did a shit load of thermodynamics in college and the real world.  So watching this argument is extra delightful.  :D
I've been watching them in TRP for a few years now (every few months I argue in PPD against their shitty beliefs), and them making money makes all kinds of sense.  They say the most outlandish shit.
I stopped talking to everyone in my family for two years after far less shot was pulled on me at my step sisters wedding.  They're nice now.  I recommend.
Good advice thanks.  I might try that with a spare HDD and see how it goes.
Anesthesia works way too well on me.  A 30 minute eye surgery once put me under for 4 hours.  I guess it brings out my inner ginger, being Irish and all.  But I felt the same way when I woke up; that I wouldn't have known if I had died.  No time passed and there was no sensation of anything, it was just a void and waking up was the strangest thing.  But I didn't actually die, so there's that.
Holy cow, that sucks.  My experience was way more tame: I was groggy, but that's about it.  Anesthesia ' s a helluva drug.
My wife used it when she worked in communications for a University.  *Everyone* uses directed social media.  It's surprising how many people don't want to accept this.
Use a ratcheting tie-down next time.    Soruce: my brother and all his shit cars.
I came to a crappy realization a few years ago: politicians suck.  If you think about politics in general, it's a bunch of people who have no practical skills.  Sure, they may have been lawyers or something at some point, but they then chose a career that values only these things:  * Being electable * Making deals * Outmaneuvering competition * Winning  They are not experts in anything.  Other people write the laws they sponsor, and they rely on lobbyists to tell them what is happening in the real world outside Washington.  Their profession doesn't invent new technologies, generate new ideas, or do all that much to advance human kind.  At best, they implement good technologies and ideas that will benefit society through legislation, and at worst, they do the same thing with bad technology and bad ideas.  But ultimately, those things are created by other people: academics, inventors, think tanks, etc.  But because politicians create laws, they always write themselves into the process of controlling society, so we're stuck with them.  And creating laws is a powerful position that lots of people want influence over, so politicians are the gatekeepers to succeeding in society.  The fastest way to succeed or fail as a business is to have a politician support or kill your product.  So we rely on our gatekeepers to control our society, but by their very definition they are not knowledgable about what they are legislating and their skillset only includes the things they need to stab each other in the back.  So knowing that, you realize that you'll never get a perfect, ethical, decent human being as a politician.  They put on a good show, but in reality, they're all basically death eaters in makeup (I know a few politicians personally, and they make me uncomfortable when I'm around them - so sleazy).  In order to get your technology and ideas promoted and possibly enacted into law, you need to find the death eater that represents your views and put vote them into office.  If you're lucky, that person will represent your ideas and also be a bigger sleazeball than the competition, so your ideas have a shot at winning.  That's why I support Hillary.
Yeah, good advice.  I also follow further back than if they were in a car, even in traffic, and I move to the side of my lane if they're lane splitting.  My nightmare is hitting a biker or having them hit me.
I haven't cheered that hard for a protagonist in years.
