I don't remember mine cycling thru all the numbers but I could be wrong. I've only tried it once on one jeep and it gave me the right code
Totally random, but Your username is like a rearranging of "Peggy tanzer"..someone I Know
I used to drive a 1991 maroon crown Victoria, I thought getting pulled over once a month was totally normal. Then I got a less ridiculous vehicle and it's maybe once or twice a year
When I was a kid  and that show was playing I always thought it looked super lame, then it blew me away when I was like 21, one of only 4 shows I've watched all the way thru
Starting small imo is really the only way to go. I didn't one day just decide to spend a couple hundred dollars on fish tank shit. I got a 10 gallon cuz I thought it would be cool. Then I bought a couple plants, upgraded tank sizes, found out about aquascaping and have little by little Been collecting everything I need to have my dream tank. Same with my jeep. I have a friend on the other hand who drops money into a hobby then quits after a month or so. A few months back he told me and another friend he was getting into leatherworking.  Couple weeks later I asked if he's made anything and he says "nah, I need to buy more tools first "....  how can you invest so much in a hobby which you only like the idea of? He has no idea if he will even like leatherworking.
I am on mobile haha thank you for My first gold!
I might have been also. My memory sucks and I guessed
I have a cousin with that name. .he has our last name tattoo's across his chest. ..spelled wrong.  I wish I could make this up
My mind fucking wanders. I Think of some particular incident then get curious about one random detail and that leads me on a trail of random bullshit
You want me to post my cousins first and last name?  I'll just tell you it has "ei" and his says "ie". Both he and the "artist" were super drunk apparently, the dude did the outline and had most of it filled in before somehow my cousin noticed and told him to stop so he could somehow get it fixed.  It may be fixed by now, this was like 2 years ago and I don't talk to him all that often
Hahaha oops totally replied to the wrong comment. I put 2 in there for now just as a test but they've since had some babies, my main tank has probably 100 or so and I'll just be grabbing the most red ones I can when I see them. The quality of my shrimp has degraded over the last couple years since I bought them as I rarely cull them and don't do a very through job.
Lol thanks!I'm very happy with the tank. I noticed I replied to the wrong thread but decided to leave it
I know you're joking but once thought of all the scary shit we have in southwestern usa. Rattle snakes, javalinas, coyotes, bobcats, mountain lions, centipedes, gila monsters, scorpions, black widows, tarantulas(supposedly not dangerous but they creep me out), supposedly bears in the mountains.
Its true. I farted loudly in 5th grade .
I've only seen a few in my life so they are around here just rare. First one I saw was like 6 inches long.  Creepy little fuckers
Mostly a joke. My first xj was a 98 sport. My current one is a 97 and is very much a base model. I miss my 98 but my 97 is slowly becoming my own.
No I really have no idea what I'm talking about. It was a joke because I've owned 2 xjs and preferred my 98
My job is literally 90% "be present" i used to bring my laptop but it's fucked, but I play video games, dick around on reddit and do homework and even sometimes sleep.. oh and I also get 3 meals a day for free (nevermind. I have to pay $1 for breakfast)
I own a lifted jeep(1997) cherokee :(  but it only has 3 inches of lift. I like to go camping and really enjoy romping around the forest. I like hating on giant bro trucks too but I Kinda feel like the kettle calling the pot a douchebag  Edit: forgot to use the term brodozer. It's a good word
That's a good fucking rule. I'm moving out soon with my gf and while I have definitely improved my cleanliness over the last year or two, it definitely isn't perfect
God damn I miss that. I am completely I love with my girlfriend, kissing her feels so right but it's more comfortable than exciting. Good for you man!   Just be sure she's on the same page. I lost my virginity with a girl I met that same night. I got her number and started texting her after that but it turned out to be a one time thing, thinking back that was definitely a good thing.  I'm not saying this is your situation. Just be  careful
I had that blanket. Damn fine blanket
I get too involved with stories. I explain every fucking detail because I want them to be as close go experiencing the whole thing as possible,  which is good in theory but sometimes "some gut shit himself at the bar last night" is enough to stand on its own without any back story of what I was doing
My license doesn't expire until 2055. Hooray for arizona!
This never happened for me.  Everything else in my tank is doing wrll .. except Duckweed  I literally cannot keep it in my main tank. It grows in my nano but is far from taking over
I absolutely love My xj but I miss my (03) xterra and reading this doesn't help. Although I sold it because it was a 2wd, 4 cylinder model. Even then it never gave me any problems off the beaten path. I even took it on a 3000 mile trip from Arizona to idaho and back. If only mine was 4wd I definitely would've kept it
Agreed. I only feel small because most of the time when I'm comparing myself to someone it's at the gym,  which is not a good sample of the general population. Then I go to a lake/pool party or whatever and realize I'm okay
That said I don't consider myself a "serious" gamer
I just looked at your progress pics. You are not small,  are you huge?  No but you definitely are not small. I'd bet most randies you see on the street would be mirin.
Home depot. They're egg crate style light diffusers in the florescent lighting section.  It was a big peice that I cut up
I think i get what you're saying. I'm going to do some rearranging after work
Hmm I don't think so?  But thanks for bringing it up.  I just poured vinegar on it and haven't had any bubbles
I have an anubias but it isn't very big. Thing grows slooww. I was thinking about putting it kinda high in the tree and maybe wrapping moss only around the lower trunks
I ripped mine off, it looks so much better without but I've probably spent more time picking away at the glue than doing anything else to my jeep and still have more to go
Ugh I have about 20 thick black hairs that grow under my chin in contrast to the soft golden locks that grow on My head... I'm also a dude and that's all the facial hair I can grow. Damn German genes
I did one it was pretty simple really.  However I used way less water than op. I had no standing water and my substrate barely looked moist. I basically just misted it every day or every other day with a spray bottle and left the top open for a little to cycle the air.  I also didn't use plastic wrap, just the glass lid and it did a good enough job at preventing evaporation
Plus I'm a baller on a budget
It would but I wouldn't think it's necessary. I don't even know what humidity level would be necessary but I really just sprayed until the substrate is barely wet in top. I'm no expert but it worked well for me.  I didn't have mine saran wrapped either, just kept the lid on
Not sure how if works but my friend got to test drive one and he's never owned one
Not sure how if works but my friend got to test drive one and he's never owned one
I would if I was single!  Foreign dudes get all the poon
Why was low dose worse? I think I've only done like 10x and 20x and I just go beyond the thunderdome and end up in my own world. Although I did read it has a "reverse tolerance" effect, the more you smoke it, the harder it effects you
Ah. Southern AZ here.
That's what I need to start doing. I have my account automatically put $40 into savings every pay period but I make more money now
I feel like I don't hear the engine at 80mph though, she doesn't rev too high. Wind and road noise are definitely killer though
Thanks that sounds like exactly what I was talking about. I do like that version better but the ghost mice one works for me
I'm going thru some relationshio issues and I totally agree with you on all fronts. Except sometimes I can't help but talk to my friends about it:/
I've*
I'm 6ft and most the dudes I work with are within an inch or two of me either way. Except this one kid. Hes like 5"7' but swears to God his doctor said he's 6ft and everyone else is 6'4"-6'6"
I have never seen that movie referenced anywhere before. I watched it so many times up until I was like 6 then never again. It's my ultimate nostalgia
