I know.  But like I say, this is prrtty much my only indulgence.  I rarely go to the movies, I don't buy antiques or have any expensive hobbies, i don't go to concerts or I work and eat.  So i don't feel like I'm too much in the wrong by enjoying my one meal a day.    I'm not broke or desperate by any means, I'm just frugal.  But my girlfriend is about to be downsized and $5K or so would be a nice cushion to have while she's out of work.
I rarely look anyone in the eye but its not a lack of self respect.  It's a habit I formed back when I worked retail.  You get so many people blathering about shit don't matter you had to find a way to difuse the situation.  I look at the chest, or neck, or turn my head slightly away as if turning my ear toward their voice.  It gives an illusion I'm still paying full attention but If you don't make eye contact they either lose interest and cease their inconsequential babbling or they narrow their focus to the relevant information.
My cat has FeLV, too.  While he's ok now knowing what will be the eventual outcone terrifies me.  I cherish every moment I have with him.  Do the same with Doodle.  She seems like a sweet little thing. I hope she does well for a long time to come.
When I moved recently I had to keep the entirety of my house and most of my worldly belongings in storage for a month.  I used 1800-PACK-RAT.  Not too expensive, they drop the storage pod off at your place, you load it up, they come back and take it away to their facility and there it stays til you tell them to drop it off at your new place.
I'm allergic to citrus.    I'll take apple-trek.
Three tricks will get you out of this:  1) Keep your cell phone to your ear and just start talking.  You're distracted, they likely won't stop you.  2) Learn to say "I don't speak english" in an obscure language.  French, though not obscure, tends to work well.  Polish, russian, some slavic language works even better.  3) Learn "Sorry, I don't understand" in sign language.  They will leave you alone in a flash.  It's like they're afraid deafness is contagious.    I always use one of the above tricks, I haven't had to deal with these people in years.
Yeah, screw that noise.  I got a guy just started at my work and decided to start watching it after he heard myself and someone else discussing the show.  It's never too late.
There's two clean bowls of water and a fountain style water bowl with a filter, he's not hurting for water.  He does this weird stuff sometimes.  I'll find him drinking from the toilet if I leave the lid up.  My other cat doesn't do this, it's just him being him.
Yeah, i use a fountain style water bowl with flowing water, he likes thst.  And I put ice in it sometimes.  Seems to fascinate him.
I don't have plants for exactly this reason.  It's usually not a problem, he just decided to have a sip this time.
That seems to be his thinking.  I usually use a sports bottle type but this one time...
I was in Virginia so it was Southern Baptist which happens to be even more ridiculous than the normal baptist.    I misspoke earlier, I did actually go to a church once about ten years ago.  Just to see what it was like.  It was supposedly very layback non-denominational christian.  The pastor, somewhat well known fellow, begins his sermon by saying "The Jews...theirs is a history of killing..."  He didn't mean them getting killed, like the slavery in Egypt or the Holocaust, he meant all that killing they did.  Like that time they killed Jesus.  I got up and walked out.  Never went back again.  But I'm not anti-religion or atheist or even agnostic.  Rather, I've developed a very personal spiritual belief system that's somewhere between judeo-christian generality, gnosticism and Buddhism.
Yeah, that sounds about right.  We didn't have many catholics where I was from but I do remember some very strong anti-catholic sentiments whenever it would come up.
Lived across the street from a family who would have crazy parties one weekend.  The following weekend they'd have a weird religious cult meet in the frontyard  where they watched videos and sang weird songs.  They were hoarders so the yard was always full of junk.  Often there'd be one or more cars one of them would be junking or rebuilding.  Sometimes he'd have a couple cars he was repairing for other people. They had a pit bull that tried to eat everything that walked by.  It killed their other dog once.  The eldest member of the family used to park his van in front of my house while he sat inside the cab and drank some modello and smoked cigars.  Most annoying of all the entire family would park their cars in front of my house.  There was plenty of parking in front of their own house and they had ample driveway space.  But they constantly parked i  front of my house.  For no good goddamn reason whatsoever.
We were in a restaurant having a nice meal.  Somehow it ended in a yelling match about why I didn't like Huckleberry Finn.
I test drove a Prius.
Took four months to get that listing.  Friend of a friend.  You'll hear the term "Circle of Influence" a lot, it's just fancyspeak for "folk you know."     Evenings you can likely show houses for established agents.  Lot of people want to go by places after work.  Work it on your own, too.  Check your local MLS and review expired listings, for sale by owners, make notes of who to call the next day or who to send mailers to, things like that.
&gt; Can you ask your gf if she has any specific advice for female drivers? I'd love tips on what possible issues there are and the best way to navigate those.  Take the 6 AM to noon shift, mostly.  Lots of people to and from work, lunch breaks, etc.  It's busier and you'll make more money at night, 6 PM to 2 or 3 AM, but the bullshit is worse.  Lots of drunk men.  Everyone has to pre-register with Uber of course, they have credit cards on file, it's not as if you're picking up a complete unknown, but drunk guys are going to be drunk guys.  Never anything more than uncouth comments and suggestions.  Still not worth dealing with it.    Also, she does keep pepper spray in more than one place in the car where it's easily accessible.    Never been any problems but better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it, right?
Girl I worked with got fucked up at her birthday party and on a dare proceeded to blow every guy there.  15 of them, sitting in a room, cocks out and waiting for her while she gobbled her way from one to the next.
What's that?  Not sure I can make out what you're saying, it's hard to hear you from so high up on that horse.  Would it matter if I said that I actually loved this girl?  That she was my girlfriend when this happened?  (I was out of town that week and wasn't at the party.  Not like I stood by and watched or participated.)  That I actually tried to get her clean several times?  Some things can't be helped.  Some people, too.
"It was more fun in hell."    "I have died a thousand tiny deaths and every time I died I thought of you."  Linsner's art is some of the greatest I've ever seen.  I was able to get my hands on a quartet of signed Dawn prints at one point.  Absolutely beautiful stuff.
Dude, that was a daily occurrance and it was the least disgusting/weird thing that happened in our bathrooms.    If you're curious, I wrote a book about my years working at B&amp;N.  I can pm you the link if you're interested, I won't post it here lest I be accused of spamming.
Me, too.  She looks like she could be pretty hot.
I live in L.A. and actually got to see if fly over my house during this run.  It was a hell of a thing.  I've been to the Science Center to visit it on display.  Amazing.
As an overweight dude, it's kind of annoying.
Actually, I believe this shit right out of this.  I lived in Burbank for a while and one night, 2 or 3 AM, I head to the all night grocery and pass a parking garage.  Inside the garage I saw it plain as day, it was well lit in there, big ass fucking cat.  Exactly like the one you describe.  Freaked me right the fuck out.
&gt;I can imagine this sort of mentality in the deep south  South, south, there's only racist people in the south...fuck this shit.  I'm sorry, I take offense to this as a Southerner by birth.  You know what the difference between racist southerners and racist folk everywhere else?  Southerners are just more opinionated and thus more open about it.  That goes for blacks and whites.  Here's what you'll be surprised to learn:  There's racists and bigots everywhere.  There's just as many tolerant people everywhere, too.    There's plenty of white people that hate black people.  There's plenty blacks that hate whites.  Asians hate blacks, blacks hate asians, they all hate whites, whites hate all them, so on and so on.  You will not find an ethnicity or religion in this world that doesn't have a percentage of its populace that doesn't hate some other ethnicity or religion no matter where any of them live.  L.A., New York, Alabama, Paris, London, Brazil, Sydney or the fucking North Pole.  That's just the way it is.    I don't know if it will ever change.  Not in our lifetimes.  Only thing I see happening is it may swing one way or the other--people will either become more vocal about their distrust/dislike/hate for others or they'll become even quieter about it and just save their opinions until they know they are in like company...or until they go online.  Welcome to the real world, friend.
Yeah, tooth went bad on him.  He's doing very well, much to my relief.
I looked into insurance but some wouldn't cover him because of his condition (FeLV) or the ones that would were so outlandishly expensive it was just easier to pay as needed when something came up.    But I agree it's absolutely a worthwhile investment for most.
I don't have insurnace.  They would under normal circumstances but my boy has FeLV so the insurnace either wouldn't cover him or it would be extremely costly, in the long ruin it was easier to just pay as issues came up like this.
God...I hope that asshole got some kind of punishment for that.  Either through the law or you just kicking his ass.    And that's such a stupid thing to say,"Why didn't you just let her die?"  Like you said, if it were your child they wouldn't question any expense you went to in order to save their life.  This cat is my family.  No expense I wouldn't spare.
I'm doing great, we all are.  Thank you.
He had a rough start in life.  Born into an animal hoarder situation.  They kept him locked in a small cage in a bathroom for days at a time.  He got out and escaped into my yard.  I didn't know he was sick when I took him in.  Even if I'd known it wouldn't have stopped me.
He's ok.  Just a tooth.  He's feeling better already.
Nope, L.A.
He's pretty much ok.  Keep him indoors, feed him healthy food, I give mine lysine in his food, supposed to help keep him healthy.  Supposedly the average for one that contracts it as a kitten is about 7 years but....we'll see.  Really, I haven't noticed anything that would separate him from any other cat.  Just have to be careful and keep an eye on him in case he does start to seem unwell.  Good luck with your little one.
I'm so sorry to hear that.  Same thing, though.  My boy escaped a hoarder situation as a young cat.  I didn't pay a dime for him. Lots of vet bills though and lots more to come, I'm sure but it's worth every penny.  Your girl was very cute.  I'm so sorry.
We are this week.
I've been without my front plate for nearly a year since some jackass hit me and tore it off.  It's sitting in the back if they need it.  But I drove another car for about two years didn't have a front plate at all.  Bought it used and never noticed it wasn't there.  I got pulled over all the time, four time in an hour once (it was the car) and no one ever said diddly about the plate.  A lot of those stops were in Burbank, too and cops there don't play around.  If they can find a reason to ticket you, they will.  But they never did.    Half the cars in L.A. go around with no plates all all.  If you leave the plate off, sit it in the trunk or backseat floorboard, in the off chance anyone mentions it you can show you have it.  But my bet is no one will ever say a word.  In fact, I'd say you're probably more likely to draw attention to it with it sitting in the window.
There's a message to this story so go with it.  Several many years ago I was driving with the girl I was dating at the time.  We're stopped at a red light.  There's an accident.  One guy gets out of his car and starts kicking the shit out of the other car, reaching in the window and going after the other driver.  My light turns green.  I go, I'm leaving.  I'm not hanging around for this shit.  Girl says, "Didn't you see that!?"  I said, "No.  And neither did you."  There's the best advice you will ever hear about witnessing and/or reporting a crime.    Edit: downvotes.  OK, y'all want OP to get himself killed, I guess. Good luck, man.
Jefferson Davis acknowledged, regardless of the outcome of the war, slavery was a dying institution.    &gt; The premise of the movie is that Confederacy wins the war then brings slavery to the North in the 19th century.  If it were the case that the CSA "won" the war, they wouldn't have forced anything on the US.  They would have remained a sovereign nation which is all they were fighting for.  They weren't trying to take over the entire US.  Which is rather how the movie portrays their intent.  That's just bad, stupid history.  &gt;it goes without saying that the entire society was built on the idea that blacks were inferior to whites.  That wasn't just the South, my friend.  That was the entire USA.  Blacks were inferior, native americans were inferior, mexicans were inferior, anybody not a healthy shade of english pale (that doesn't count the Irish or Itallians, either) were inferior to whites.   &gt;what a nightmare life in the South was for black people in the century following Reconstruction  News flash--life was hell for a *lot* of people in the South.  You forgetting that most of them were seen as treasonous traitors and had their property and land burned or taken from them?    Here's some other news for you:  Did you know the black soldiers that fought for the CSA got equal pay to the white soldiers?  The Union army’s black soldiers were paid less than the white soldiers. A black soldier in the Union army got $10 a month with a $3 clothing fee taken out, leaving the soldier with $7 a month. White soldiers were paid $13 a month and were not forced to pay a clothing allowance, which is almost twice as much as the black soldiers. By contrast the Confederate army paid their privates of both races $11 per month.  Some Confederate States began to abolish slavery in 1864.    Robert E. Lee and Joseph E. Johnston were not slave holders and did not believe in slavery.   According to an 1860 census, only 31% of families owned slaves. 75% of families that owned slaves owned less than 10 and often worked beside them in the fields.   The Constitution of the CSA banned slave trade, and permitted Confederate states to abolish slavery within their borders if they wanted to do so.   Slavery wasn’t abolished until 1868, 3 years after the war. Northern states like  Maryland and Delaware (which didn't ratify the 13th ammendment until 1901) still had slaves.  &gt;I'm just going to go out on a limb and guess you're from the South?  Matter of fact.  Look, I said this somewhere else very recently and I'll say it again.  I had ancestors who fought and died in that war.  They fought for the CSA.  They didn't own slaves.  They didn't fight so a few rich people could keep slaves.  They fought to defend their homes.  Was the government of the CSA racist and bigoted?  Yeah.  So was the government of the USA then and now.  Let's not pretend otherwise.
Let me put it this way. When I lived in Burbank the last few years I was just close enough to the Sun Valley border that I was under LAPD territory.  I paid Burbank taxes and Burbank DWP rates and a Burbank zip code but somehow I was in L.A.   Either way, Burbank or Sun Val, I'm pretty sure the fireworks they were setting off over my house that exploded so hard and loud it cracked my windows were neither safe nor sane, were almost certainly illegal and were beyond question stupid as all fuck.  My animals don't need to be shaking in terror, my windows didn't need to be busted.  That shit ain't right.   Leave that firework shit to the professionals in the appropriate places out of respect for your neighbors, your own home snd your sense of self-preservation.  That's all I'm saying.
Feb 5 2011.    I moved into a house that I bought which immediately began falling apart around me next to the worst neighbors I've ever known and my mother died.
Erections.  Constant, unwarranted erections.  When I was about 13, I just got erections everyday, all day.  I wasn't aroused by anything specifically, I just found myself sporting wood all the damn time for no good goddamn reason.  I had to wear baggy jeans not because it was in fashion but to hide my goddamn boners.  Got so bad I had to wear a cup.
We split because I couldn't handle her addictions anymore.  She was addicted to alcohol, pills, cocaine.  Beneath all her troubles she was a sweet and loving person.  And in her moments of sobriety she understood how much she meant to me and treated me with a love, gratitude and tenderness I'd never known.  But the bad was too often and too great.  I hoped she would get straight.  But it never happened.  She got away.  From me.  From everyone.  From everything.    RIP Gwen.
Living in L.A. I've bumped into many over the years.  I literally bumped into Sharon Stone coming out of a clothing store once.  She wasn't looking at me, she was literally looking past me, my plebe ass just didn't register on her radar and she ran into me.  Scowled and kept going.  I once accidentally sex-talked a child star from the 60's.  I was working retail and she came in and I recognized her and we made small talk while I was cashing her out.  I normally worked the night shift but I was covering a day shift for someone.  I guess I looked pretty beat.  She made the comment that I looked tired.  I replied I was but "it's almost over.  It feels good to get off."  I realized what I said right away and before I could apologize she grinned and said, "It usually does."    I've met lots of celebs who were really cool and some who were dicks but my best was Anna Nicole Smith.  It was late one night many years ago, before she got fucked up, before she married the old guy.  She was already famous by then but she I was working at a mall and it was late on a weeknight so the place was nearly deserted.  But there she was.  It was impossible to miss her.  She was absolutely stunning, this tall platinum blonde entity that walked in.  She was with her son who was just a little kid then.  I just hi to her and we started talking.  Talked for like a half hour.  Just about her son and what she was shopping for.  She was really nice, really sweet, very friendly.  Just a really, really decent lady.    Seeing what happened to her later was absolutely tragic.
I didn't drive until I was 24.  People don't seem to understand how dangerous and frightening driving really is.  Several thousand pounds of steel and electronics and explosive liquid flying down streets at 50, 60, 70 miles per hour.  It's dangerous, for sure.  But it's one of those risks you take in life and you learn to live with it.  Just don't ever get complacement or lazy about it.  That's how people get into accidents.  Best advice I ever got was my mother told me, "Assume everyone else on the road is an idiot who can kill you."  You'll be a smart, capable, defensive driver.  And that's good.    Just so you know now, I'm almost 40 and part of my job is now driving everywhere.  I'm a realtor and drive all over town showing houses, carrying people to and from.  You get used to it.  Congrats and good luck.
Smallville, KS -- if you look at a map of Kansas, find the city of Dorrance.  This is the approximate location of the city of Smallville.
I will not watch this but it always amazes me when I see babies puke.  They do so with such casual ease.  Like it ain't no thing.  As an adult, when I yack, it's all contorting and shakes and sweating and various types of pain...Everybody says "I slept like a baby."  Nah.  I sleep fine.  I wish I could puke like a baby.
They light them off at the Starlight Bowl every year.  You can go up there or you can pretty much see them from anywhere in Burbank.  Turn the other way and you'll see some at Universal.
