Is there something wrong with eating old cheese that's been left out? How old are we talking? I do the same thing except I also eat the dried part.
Ah, I also ban Brand and Mordekaiser every game.
I'm 50/50 about Morello or Athene's normally, but if the enemy team has Aatrox, I guarantee you I'll be picking up Morello.
I've never had the luxury of deciding where I want to be when the Fiora Ult ends. That thing one shots me every time.
Yeah I played a game where we had a nami go 0/15 versus a botlane poppy. Everyone knew she was feeding like crazy and you could tell our jungler wanted to say something, but all he said the whole game was "support stop standing next to the wall". Pleasantly surprised no one said anything else.
Lol I remember once I set the scroll on fire with my blazing weapon.
Obviously Nick wasn't involved because otherwise he wouldn't be trying to solve the treasure hunt to unravel what's going on, but I wasn't expecting the entire diary to be fabricated, and all the abuse to be fake.
&gt; You're safer going with supports who have a combination of the 3: damage, sustain and mobility. Because Zyra only has 1 of those.  Does that make Nidalee the best support in the game then, because she has all 3? It's silly to have a "tick the boxes" approach to evaluating supports. Zyra is powerful in solo queue because she can singlehandedly zone out the enemy bot lane without requiring your ADC to be on the same page as you or even competent. You know how people complain that when they play Janna and their ADC sucks they can't do anything? As Zyra you can singlehandedly zone the enemies and make room for your ADC to farm. Even the worst ADC knows how to free farm and can be relevant later. When I lose lane as Zyra (not often), it's almost always my fault, or at least something I could have prevented. Knowing that you lost lane because you need to work on dodging hooks/binds is less frustrating than losing because your adc doesn't know what they're doing.  And no other support can solo squishies late game (other than Annie, Vel'Koz, Brand, but they don't have sustain or mobility either).  If you have any interest at all in giving Zyra another chance, I recommend you build and play more aggressively. I feel like you're playing her as a utility support. If you do that, you really are better off just picking Thresh or Nautilus.
My KDA has gone down every season I've played ranked, and it wasn't high to begin with. Yet my win rate has gone up each season and I've gone from silver to plat. I attribute this to playing more aggressively and dying more, but having more impact on teamfights. Maybe this doesn't apply to ADC but for Annie and Ahri it's better to flash in and one shot their backline (thus sacrificing your life) than to land a subpar combo onto the frontline or spend the entire teamfight zoned because you don't want to die. It's better to die and let your team easily clean up than to be the last one alive on your team because you played the teamfight too safe.
Just spamming a champion isn't enough. You need to realize WHY being a OTP helps you win games. If you spam a champion enough, you'll be able to estimate damage, get used to the mechanics, and know spell ranges. But you could be using the wrong build or runes every game and never realize it. I'm a Zyra OTP, so I spend time outside the game theorycrafting the best builds and reading about matchups. When I see changes on the PBE, I think about how they will affect Zyra. Basically, you can afford to put a lot of effort into knowing everything about the champion because that's the only champion you play. If you played 10 different champions, you wouldn't be able to theorycraft or research in such depth.   So if you want the best OTP experience, you need to do your homework in addition to spamming the champion.
I tried Vel'koz support but even after some 20 games I still can't figure out how to win a game. Even if I win I don't feel like it was because of my actions. It doesn't matter if I win lane or lose lane. I just don't have the same impact late game as Zyra.
Alt. Castle of Satan for 4 hours straight here
My setup uses crouton to run Ubuntu in a tab. I can use actual vim without needing a network connection.
I've been farming KotG with a team of Verdandi/Liu Bei/GValk/Xmas Alraune/Kush/Verdandi.  The team isn't very plussed (a total of 150 +s) or even max levelled (verdandi and valk are level 80, liu bei is level 65, everyone else is level 40 or less). The important thing is that liu bei has 3 TPAs, gvalk has 2, and the team has enough hp to tank a hit from zeus/cdd without shields if necessary, and the team has some utility in a delay/shield.  Save orb changers for CDD and Zeus. Use one to kill CDD, and pop the delay and use the remaining 3 orb changes to kill Zeus.
Greed is what causes me to die. Trying to be greedy with orb changers and going for the kill with only 2 tpas is the kind of shit that gets me killed
He's trying to we1gh less right now so he is easier to carry.
Oh for me it was the opposite. I just threw a level 5 L. Izanami onto my Verdandi team to beat Kanetsugu easily but couldn't beat the red skydragon in PaD Z.
Is there any case where I would want Alraune's delay over A. Susano shield or a second Liu Bei? I feel like christmas Alraune is actually pretty good on a Verdandi team. She has decent HP, a useful active assuming no status shield, very good rcv, and 2 heart enhances which I estimate are worth 300 rcv each. The  recovery is just so damn good when Alraune is on my team, I feel like I'm playing a tank team with an rcv boost.
I remember being pissed for rolling two of him in pcgf, because I didn't know what he was good for. Then I rolled a verdandi and looked at her ideal subs.
LOL. I'm not going to edit my post because it's hilarious, but I linked the wrong video by accident (not sure how that happened, probably autoplay went to the next video as I selected the URL).  Thanks for the gold, even if I do feel pretty bad about fucking this up so hard.
Level 18 unevolved red riding hood was the mvp in Mephisto Descended today. She wasn't a god yet (so I didn't need to tama her), and she recovers 3 turns of bind while creating hearts that I can heartbreak for burst.
at first I thought the thing that you overcame was getting Karin swapped in thought "that's not bad"...
Calm your shit. I'm grateful for the 2x drops alongside bowl dragons. Time to skill my Diza.
I got it recently and they added way too much sauce. It was extremely saucy and salty and was difficult to finish.
It's not that "support doesn't matter" (my main role, for the record). It's that Pobelter mains mid lane. He's not going to play at the level that the matchmaking assumes of him unless he's playing his main role.   It's pointless to speculate on exactly what would happen if he did get mid, except that it would be a very different game.
Just a shame that lux is an otherwise throughly mediocre support. I only went lux that game because we also had a sona mid for whatever reason.
If you're just starting out, don't constrain yourself to one colour. The rolls you get from just a single godfest could result in a different colour being your best.
&gt; The player base and competitive player base shouldn't need to RELY on third party programs to have a feature that has been a staple of games for over a decade.  Well, this is true. But the rest of your argument is a farce, since you can still do everything with third party applications. We shouldn't have to rely on third party applications to view replays. But that's how it is right now and those third party applications are actually really really good. So let's go back to the question and cut the ideological bullshit, how does a lack of replay system stop you from having fun?   &gt; For ranked 5s, I have a few friends that are silver and a few that a plat. I CANNOT play with them in a ranked or semi ranked setting because of dynamic queue. I am stuck with blind normals. This actively effects my experience of the game and discourages me from playing.  So you want to play in a competitive setting, while you have silvers *and* plats on your team? This sounds exactly like the use case for normal drafts.
Sigh. I'm not talking about decay (MMR doesn't even decay afaik), nor was the original poster. Please go back and read his post again. I know you think he's trying to suggest that DQ players are all boosted animals who couldn't hold their own in solo queue or something of that nature, but he clearly says (emphasis added):  &gt; my main issue with it is that players who switch between dynamic and solo will lead to more imbalanced matches. If you solo 9/10 games you play, but Fridays you play with your friends, your dynamic MMR is going to be fairly low compared to your solo MMR, which means you will crush when you go into DQ. **The same goes if you are mostly a DQ player but solo occasionally; you will tend to be somewhat better than your peers.**  Let's create a scenario. You start playing ranked at the beginning of the season and your MMR is initialized to 1200. You play 50 games of solo queue and climb to 1600 MMR. Now your buddy wants to play so you hop into a duo with him. Your dynamic MMR is still 1200, so now you'll be shitting on some silvers when you're actually high gold. You stomp every game that night with your buddy and your dynamic MMR rises to 1400 MMR (so still not quite there yet). Then you don't play anymore dynamic queue (because you're primarily a solo player) for 50 more games. You're at 1800 MMR now in your solo games. Another friend wants to play, and so you get to stomp a bunch more games for free. Do you see the problem now? You can switch the scenario between primarily playing solo queue to primarily playing DQ and occasionally playing solo and get the same result.
If you have a good XM team then there's really much of a point investing in Luci. Unless your XM team is really really underdeveloped or nonstandard, it should be able to tank as well as Luci and deal much more damage. XM is essentially a better version of Luci.   That's not to say Luci is bad; he's my goto lead for Arena. I just think XM is much better.
Why should I? Farming chasers or fairies from the carnivals is miserable because it's not a 100% drop even in the 40 stamina version on 2x. And I'm not going to py something that has farmable skill ups if I can acquire the skill ups easily elsewhere.   I could max skill them all quickly if I blew piis or stoned but that's not the point. I could also farm a bunch of XP if I stoned EKMD or SKC. I'm just considering it from the perspective of "which pal machine will save me the most stamina with its pulls?" (which for the record is rare pem (situational based on how many of the skillups you can use) &gt; enhance pem &gt; evo pem). Evo pem is literally shit, which isn't worth pulling unless you have no other way to farm the mythical dungeons.
&gt; Secondly, as another user points out, usually by end-game, all your monsters are already skilled up. The important ones anyways.  I mean this goes for the other two pems as well; I would hope your important monsters are also max level and evolved by end game as well.  Once you're in the late game, PEMs mainly help with when you want to develop the other monsters in your box (e.g. using enhance PEM to level up descend fodder for evolving, fresh REM pulls, or old REM monsters that you never got around to investing in). You're obviously not going to be using it for the purpose of improving the monsters on your current team.   Rare pem works the same way. My main teams are hypermaxed Luci, APanda, Yomidra teams that I use to clear almost anything in the game, and I have Sumire, Miru and Liu Bei teams lined up for the next batch of content. I also have all the monsters needed to make pretty decent R&amp;I or Thoria teams but they aren't exactly a priority, so I'm not going to dedicate the stamina to farming fairies for Wukong and Andro. I still feel like I may eventually want those monsters skilled, so grabbing a bunch of skill ups from the rare PEM is definitely the best use of pal points for me. Similarly, I somehow managed to roll 2 Hakus, 3 Karins, 5 Leilans -- you get the idea. It's never going to be my main focus to farm skill ups for a monster that I've never used and don't really plan on using in the near future, but at the same time it'd be nice if I could skill them so I could use them in the future if I need to. And it's the same story for armored knights. Who is honestly going to farm bowls to max skill one of those unless you had an immediate need for it on a team?  In my case I have 3 Chinese, 2 heroes, and 2 armored knights that I can skill from this PEM. When they're all skilled, the rare pem is undoubtedly going to lose much of its value and I'll go back to saving up for enhance. But right now, the effective stamina per pull the rare pem gives me is really fucking good and by far outclasses the other two.   &gt; First of all, most awoken monsters can only be skilled up via Piis. So you're not going to be skilling them up with anything from PEM.   Yes. And even among unawoken monsters, only a handful of them can be skilled via this PEM. The value of this PEM scales incredibly well with how many of that handful of monsters you actually own. That's why I think it's best suited to late game players with large REM boxes (especially with dupes, since you're probably going to want to awaken your first set of chinese/Pandora). The players that will find this machine valuable also need to have fully developed teams already such that they don't mind that their extra hero/chinese/knight skill ups are going to come sporadically and gradually over time (so if you're rank 100 and are trying to skill up your starter pull Haku, this PEM isn't for you!).
The Nice! is supposed to be next to the treasure icon, in the same row as the Menu, which are both visible, so it's not an issue with it being cut off. Unless you think the screenshot has been manipulated in some way?  I've never actually stoned in co-op then disconnected so I can't confirm firsthand the interaction, so I'm just repeating what I've heard.
Many of the companies I've worked at use Slack.
I carried my alt through it in co-op with Myr. The alt brought a bunch of delays (naga and twinton) and moogle. I stalled on the first floor for 50 turns until all my delays came up.
I find Myr still clears no RCV just fine if you bring a high efficiency heartmaker and conserve hearts.
It was hella fun for me and I don't play tanks. There was so much more CC and tankiness picked back then (rather than burst damage). Teamfights could last 30 seconds and be about coordinating abilities and gaining advantages rather than one shotting a guy immediately and be over in 5 seconds.
Well, I pulled Rukia and Aizen in my first three rolls. RNG is RNG.
How much of this holds up outside of toplane? I don't usually pick Garen so the majority of the time I play him is in ARAM. Would I still be better off maxing Q in there too?
&gt; Geographic Preference  CALI OR BUST
8? I only know how to do 6.
You actually earn less gold as support now than before. I've played Zyra support since season 4, and have always built multiple AP items in my builds. The now-removed "assist streaks" gave a lot of gold. The fact that carry supports are popular now is 50% due to just bandwagoning and 50% due to adc in 2k17 meta.
Do you have an ancient blue mask?
Yep, I was using it to change between two devices several times a day at some point.
I am pretty sure we had 1 stamina dungeons before, but I forget for what.
Sounds like you prefer to run longer dungeons by yourself. That's not so uncommon; I'm pretty sure most people run Arena 1 alone.   But that doesn't mean you can't play multiplayer. I hate running longer dungeons multiplayer unless I'm playing with myself on an alt or with a close friend. So I go on discord and find people looking for A1 DC runs (enter dungeon in co-op, but disconnect immediately with airplane mode). Or if you're running guerilla dungeons (like Tamas), you just create a co-op lobby rather than starting by yourself. Post the code to discord and you'll usually have a partner within 30 seconds. If you run a button team, there's no difference in how long the run takes. If you aren't, your partner might have a button team and you'd actually be saving time with co-op. This is all stuff you can do within your 15 minute breaks, while still saving stamina.
Tbh, you can just skip DAthena and play Kush with those Hakus. I have an ideal team for DAthena (4 Haku, Loki, Ryune, Anaphon, Lumiel etc) and I regret buying DAthena. Revo Kush is more powerful and more fun to play. I always feel like I'm in control with Kush, since I can calculate damage exactly, and because the leads can clear binds. DAthena is prone to randomly skyfalling shit and the entire team can get bound with no way to bind clear on the leads.   DAthena's only advantage is if you don't like comboing and want to play brainless pad. But as others have pointed out, this gets old fast. You basically get to trivialize most of the game to the point where it's boring, then get screwed hard by newer dungeons like the 3p old gods, with almost no middle ground in between. Idk if you're in need of a fast arena farming team, but that's DAthena's supposed niche. I personally still prefer to farm A3 with Kush (for fun) or Aizen (for speed).   Don't bother with RaDra unless you absolutely love rainbow teams since he's worse and slower than both Kush and DAthena.    Tl;dr: Kush &gt; DAthena &gt; RaDra
Unconditional 49x though! I'd probably keep this team around for 1 TPA farming if it were actually possible to find goetia friends.
Same here. I remember struggling to activate him without time extends, and then finally becoming consistent with him when I pulled another monster with time extend.   He's basically been untouched as a leader since I got newer leads, but I still occasionally use him as a sub on fire row teams to enhance Goemon boards.
Back in my day we used to cry about rolling silvers
