I do not, but [check this out](http://www.state.nj.us/dca/hmfa/home/roadhomenj/programs.htm#smartstart). if you qualify, you may be eligible to have the state/ county pay your closing costs.   When we sold my wife's condo, the buyers had the county pay their closing costs, with the stipulation that they had to remain there for a certain amount of time (think it was either 4 or 7 years).
My wife just wooed at his"cut face" without the beard. If he was a she, there would probably be lots of "wow she's hawt/ tired hand" innuendo-laced comments here.
I'd love to have hope. In the Chicago-area, I hope they can sustain this momentum with kids of all colors coming to love their team and the sport.   The NHL has [Hockey is For Everyone](http://www.nhl.com/ice/page.htm?id=48311); but in order for the sport to grow with more populaces, there needs to be more access to playing the sport.
In college, we would sometimes put a brick in an empty beer box on the sidewalk and watch from the porch as people coming back from the bars would try to kick it.   Some tried really hard. Lots of sore toes.   I'm probably going to hell, when I kick the can.
I live in a state with strict gun control laws. But when I visit my parents in Arizona, I once saw a grandma open carrying in a supermarket.  The Wild West. I was as freaked out as you all would be. . . so I was.
Phillies fan here. We need to do this before games this year to better enjoy our team. She's a hero.
OK, then I can empathize. I know all about cap circumvention, friend.
Well - Robbinsville is trying to urbanize by developing a new "downtown" business district in their borders and they coerced two of Trenton's renown pizzerias in the process. Their High School is also the newest in the county.   As one person commented on a message board, "Karma is a bitch. Robbinsville decided to build a city in a suburb."
Actually I had to correct that. Was NY Daily News.
My reason for choosing the Dallas Cowboys twice, is their fans.   Many Dallas fans that people in this sub come across are NOT from Texas or even that region of the US (I'm going on a hunch here).  For example if the Giants play the Cowboys, and standings aren't an issue - it's always New York for me.   I'd even tolerate Jerry Jones. Maybe. A couple recent interviews I've seen of him, he came across articulate. But for me, it's the fandom of Dallas.
I agree to an extent. The lists *are* a joke and just use primary data without usually digging deeper.  In [2014, NJ Monthly](http://njmonthly.com/articles/towns-schools/top-schools-alphabetical-list/) had Haddonfield at #2, Moorestown at #14 and East at #40. In 2012, however, all three were out of the top 20. I'm sure you'd see similar findings on nj.com. Again, though let's take these lists with a grain of salt.   That noted, South Jersey people usually have little idea the wealth and the difference from even the nicest South Jersey suburbs to some of these North Jersey preppy &amp; technical schools. When you compare the nicer parts of Burlington and Camden counties to Morris, Bergen, Essex, Somerset, etc - it's not even close.  For example the wealthiest districts in the state [used to be classified as "J" districts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:New_Jersey_District_Factor_Group_J). All of them, except Haddonfield, are in North Jersey  Source - taught in South and North Jersey.
My mother would not let me play football, but OK'ed hockey. I feel they're apples &amp; oranges.  My mom was the only daughter, the youngest and she had three brothers. It was a football family. But by the time she was born, her oldest brother already had bad knees and the second had back problems. Granted all three brothers were 250 lbs plus, but she noticed the youngest brother when he played. My cousins also all played, one was a scab for the Vikings during the 1986 NFL Strike.   I was recruited to play football sophomore year, but mom put her foot down.  Glad she did. Her rationale on hockey was that there wasn't contact on every play, but I was also bigger than pretty much all of the other hockey players . . . so she let me play.  My rationale for my son is that hockey doesn't have contact on every single play like football. If he wants to play football, the answer will be the same as my mother's.   That concussion documentary, Head Games, the NHL was very open with the directors. The NFL not so much.  Concussions are a threat to the existence of football. They might be a threat to how hockey is played, not the existence.   Edit - two words + &amp;
I emailed the DOT, but will also do this comment card. Thanks.
Yes, [since 2006 apparently](http://www.slate.com/blogs/browbeat/2015/01/06/drynuary_the_origins_of_the_name_for_not_drinking_alcohol_in_january.html), though it's spread, even the British government [now advocates](http://www.dryjanuary.org.uk/) for it.   For me, it's to make sure I can get off those holiday pounds during a cold month, where I might be less willing to exercise.
What are your grades like? My SO is a guidance counselor and is often dumbfounded how many families don't know that many out-of-state schools (often private) have money to offer you if you go far enough away. 5 hour drive or more &amp; you might be looked at more (maybe save VA &amp; Carolinas).  These colleges like a mix of students from all over the country (and world).
I used to live in Somers Point and was also teacher in the area, so could help with schools, but it seems everyone has already covered the bases.   The woman who bought the house from me actually is selling it now, but it seems smaller than what you'd like, though from the pictures, she's redone it twice. Really wants to sell I guess. I do know others trying to sell too.  Without knowing your price range, I will attempt to breakdown what I can for you. Also, besides school - what is important to you?  When I lived in Somers Point, it was because it was extremely walkable (I used the bike path everyday) and because the bars were close by. I was in my 20s and definitely enjoyed that aspect of it. The bonus is the post office, library and shopping center were also right there.  Somers Point and Linwood both have street hockey rinks, so it will be like home!  * Linwood has the best schools, but the highest property taxes and does not have a lot of shopping/ restaurant options.  * Northfield is in the middle in terms of schools, but I'd say close enough with Somers Point. Has access to a lot of shopping/ grocery and the Shore Mall is close by. * Somers Point has good enough schools and has decent shopping options too. Great restaurants and a nightlife, and very small bay beach to boot, where they have concerts in the summer.  By HS, as many here have already written, all three are at the same HS, Mainland.  Upper Township in northern Cape May County has excellent schools, but isn't really walkable. Those kids go to Ocean City HS. Egg (EHT) Harbor Twp's schools aren't bad either, is more diverse than Upper and is a sprawling country-ish township like Upper. If you're coming from a logging town, those two will feel more like home.   In Atlantic County, a general rule is the more west you go, the more country it gets.
We took advantage of a team in their 3rd game in 4 and on a back-to-back.  Not jumping up &amp; down, but I'll take it
Well - we have a lot of people on our block that researched into New Hope or Doylestown. They found property taxes to those towns comparable to certain sections of Lambertville.  My property taxes are under the state average and I have a decent-sized home. So we decided to stay in NJ.  Now for retirement - it's much different.  PA will not tax our pensions and in addition to that, many rank NJ as the [worst with inheritance taxes](http://www.kiplinger.com/slideshow/taxes/T021-S003-states-scariest-death-taxes-estate-inheritance/index.html).
Went uh-oh as soon as it was made
Back in the 1980s-1990s when most malls were still bustling - chain restaurants were in. Your area "arrived" if you got an Olive Garden or (my old favorite) Macaroni Grill.   They were affordable and usually had good service. Our family loved going to them. It wasn't the golden age of chains, but it was close.  In many parts of the US, chain restaurants still rule. We were in VA Beach this summer and my old HS buddy kept suggesting chains.   Felt like a time machine somewhat.   EDIT: As far a drinks, before the craft beer revolution, these places usually had more beers and cool mixed drinks available than your local restaurant.
I'm not familiar with any 24-hour NJ bars outside of AC.   But I'm also old and not up-to-date when it comes to that.
[Look at that](http://www.hipointpub.com/)! Actually have been there before, not a bad place.
Couldn't agree more. When I lived near AC a decade ago, I was up in NYC a couple times and left the bars late. A couple times I got a bus that left in the early AM hours back home to AC, and I feel (if I remember correctly) they had a couple more after most of the NJ Transit trains stopped.  Crazy right?
I am loving this, but it's the type of game where we're ahead too early.  This game will end up 3-2 or 4-3 and we'll be biting our nails in the 3rd.  Hope I'm wrong.
My father is well-read, but is definitely anti-Muslim and this is sometimes revealed when he gets some drinks.  He'll say the same damn thing that can be summarized like this: "You know who eats the most pork per capita? Spain. That's their tradition and middle finger to the Muslims after El Cid."  Now I thought China ate the most pork, but anyway, pork I guess has been a cultural weapon for quite sometime. Did not know the Danes ate a lot.
I love New Jersey, but going from Newark to Lugano is not a career bad move. It's a spectacular city.
I went to a poorer HS, now teach very privileged adolescents. I'd like to say it is not all the kids' faults.  Some have nannies, au pairs, go to summer camps and tutor sessions where they are taught elite skills.  It's that they often can't relate, so they shut down.  I consider part of my job to teach them more empathy and hope they exit my class better able to relate to all populaces.
Do you know those "Do Not Remove Under the Penalty of Law" labels they put on mattresses?  Cut one of them off.  Yeah, I have a real bad temper.
I was thinking about this the other day.  In Tennessee alone, you have the birth cities of blues, country and bluegrass.  That noted, I love me some Brazil samba &amp; bossa nova mixed with electronic chill.
Thank you to everyone who took the time to reply!!
Tucson is at a higher elevation and cooler than Phoenix.  My parents live near Tucson &amp; *hate* Phoenix
One foot in the door of the old world &amp; one in the new. Trying to adjust.  BTW - My mother is a 2nd generation. So there is some uniqueness, maybe now more so in the 21st century. We can choose to ignore it though.
I don't think it causes a problem, it just kinda annoys me.   When I'm speaking in my other language, I try hard to get the correct pronunciation *in that language*
Watching it again, but *right now* still loved Blackwater better.
Outside of the speech issue, it's just special treatment. When Christie visited Israel [here's what he said](http://www.nj.com/news/index.ssf/2012/04/visit_to_jerusalem_puts_christ.html):  &gt; Why I’m going is because I really believe that it’s incumbent upon a New Jersey governor to have a great … understanding and relationship with Israel given the makeup of our state, and I’m also somebody who wants to grow and expand my own mind and my own experiences, and that’ll make me a better leader."  From [another piece](http://www.nj.com/news/index.ssf/2011/10/gov_christie_to_travel_to_isra.html):  &gt; It has been a rite of passage for New Jersey governors for several decades — a trip to Israel.  Why do our governors (and other state politicians go)?  Do they also go to Italy or India because of the demographic makeup of our state?   If it is for building better businesses relationships, I get that. Expanding Israeli companies in NJ or broadening international university relationships - that seems all good. I do see a role in state government for that.   But if it is just for campaign contributions, and to appease certain political organizations within the state, I have concerns.   You see an anger of the left (Bernie) and right (Trump) over money in politics at the presidential level, but this is happening at the state level also and the article is pointing out we're just kind of shrugging our shoulders as it's happening again, with little to no debate.  So New Jersey will now potentially be fighting against an international divestment movement that props up the current government in Jerusalem and makes them even more unaccountable?  Why should my state politicians care?  Sorry for venting, guess I am just angry over the decimation of the Israeli-left on a personal level and now angry as a citizen that my left-leaning state wants to help.
You must live in Oxford
The host at a local pub trivia night was asking enough GoT related questions that my SO and I felt we had to watch to score more points.   Binged on Season 1 in time for the beginning of Season 2.  You could say we took one for the team
Wow - I coached against Ebert. When we were the home team we tried to to change up times the ice would be cut to throw him off his game because he seemed to not get hot until the 2nd period.   Didn't work.   Been rooting for him for a while since he transferred
I like to go [further on this one](http://imgur.com/BCj3Pwt)   Context: I'm almost 40.
&gt; even when Davos always talked sense and logic, Stannis always sided with Melisandre and her crazy antics.   I remember when Stannis didn't listen to her before the Battle of Blackwater. He listened to Davos instead and left Mel at home, which of course Mel blamed on Davos.
Maybe people are too young, but the answer for anyone 30 or older is:  Jaromir Jagr  We forget many laughed when he left the Rangers &amp; booked it to the KHL. That hit by Ovechkin in the Olympics was schadenfreude for a lot of us.   The he came back and now has been on a handful of other teams (maybe your own) and he's like almost 45 and you've got his now legendary workout routine, the Traveling Jagrs, the shrug of shoulders with the young model setup, more records broken and now everything seems forgiven.    I could explain my change more personally as a Devils fan, but I think the above works.
I think it is what OP is describing plus the clustering of the educated and young moving to certain metro areas, further segregating us geographically, and thus clustering us into divided communities which manifest themselves IRL and digitally as well.  Reading [good book](http://www.thebigsort.com/home.php) on this now.   And it's not just happening in America, but all over the world.   Edit: two words
&gt; is it an educational divide or is it that metro needs are dramatically different from rural needs in terms of what we need from government policy?   I'll try to summarize his argument on this, then provide some quotes below.   The author argues that Americans were pretty indifferent politically after WWII. Americans lived in diverse neighborhoods (at least religiously and occupationally) and were mostly not political, instead preferring to talk about local sports and the weather. There might have been some big events that stirred the pot in towns, but your politics weren't worn on your sleeve like they are now.  Like Murray, he cites 1965 as a tipping point, but unlike Murray he cites political opportunists who would seize on fear and paranoia following Vietnam, race riots, then Watergate, etc. The divide became more about not just who you voted for, but that "the other group" had a completely alien way of life compared to how you saw to perfect your own.  Now, back to your point, I don't doubt the needs are different, but your town might have had union guys, who used to vote liberal, but now no longer do. Maybe the teachers there, who might've gone Democrat because of women's rights and their own union issues might lean more Republican today because of religious preferences - or more likely, they just moved to the next town over and commute in.   But health professionals, like teachers, are pretty unique in that they can find a job almost anywhere, urban, rural, suburban and are often recruited heavily (I am a teacher, full disclosure, and upon graduation, I was offered a job in remote part of Alaska for $35,000 at the beginning of the 2000s, which was a *very* good salary back then and with CoL, I would have lived quite comfortably).  Even [Tinder rejection](http://op-talk.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/10/17/is-online-dating-revealing-our-biases-or-reinforcing-them/) seems to be more about class than race or religion.  Back to the sorting:  &gt; Between 1976 and 2004, the gap between the parties increased in 2,085 counties; only 1,026 counties (33 percent) grew more competitive. California is the stereotypical "blue" state. But within California, 17 more counties grew more Democratic after 1976, and 30 became more reliably Republican. Only 11 California counties (19 percent) came more closely contested.   In the chapter, "The Politics of Migration," he uses data broken up into four areas:  * Education  &gt;  In 1970, the county groups were well balanced in the proportion of the population that had a college degree . . . people with college degrees increased the most in the Democratic landslide counties.  * Religion &gt; From 1990 to 2000, Democratic counties lost churchgoers, while Republican counties continued gaining.  * Immigrants &gt; By 2000, 21 percent of the population in Democratic landslide counties was foreign-born, compared to just 5 percent in Republican landslide counties.  * Race &gt; In 1970, each of the four county groups was home to about a quarter of the nation's white population . . . over the next thirty years, however, whites became more concentrated in Republican counties.   I am sorry if I did not directly answer your question. I tried to provide you with some relevant quotes from the book, with my own takeaways.   As for Toqueville, I think you would find the section of the book on divisions (some would say schisms) of local Church denominations interesting, but will probably complement what Putnam has written.  Edit: a word and added -ly
Just joined too. Anyone have a good recommended site that lists strategies for this?
Two points:  * I often see full articles posted in Reddit comments to avoid paywalls. Isn't this part of the problem? I noticed The NY Times no longer allows the copy function, so will more follow?  * Also, how many of us subscribe to a news org? I subscribe to a couple and last month joined NJ Spotlight's subscription service, since they do a lot with data and policy. I recently got an email from them that said in a month they raised $50K and got 400 new members. They did invite me to a thank you party at Harvest Moon Brewery in New Brunswick. If I had a life; I probably would've gone.
Yeah, we don't travel that much anymore with little kids. But as they get older, plus the SO and I have milestone birthdays coming up, getting suites would be preferred. So trying to be proactive.   Just the fact that I have to call to get the discount is what really bothers me.
Wait people in CA call beach tourists Shoobies? That's what we call them in South Jersey
Here's [a picture from a couple years ago](https://medium.com/@nsjersey/how-will-the-jackson-administration-handle-its-first-snowstorm-4629381f81c3#.vhij0clv0), right on Lawrence-Trenton border   I'd love to see a current photo
I wear socks on the beach.
Korpisalo saved me in fantasy last year
