I have heard from a few people who have worked as crew on the show that she is... rough to work with. Like, "Don't look me in the eye or you're fired", kind of rough.   She is apparently a beast on set and there have been a lot of really bad stories passed around about her.
If you ever find yourself in Tennessee dinner is on me!
Oh man! The castle the kid buys in "Blank Check" is in Texas.   It's like destiny.
Glad you're doing better!
My Mom used to do the same kind of stuff, I always wanted her to see me as an adult, but I was always just her baby.   Now that she's gone, I wish I had someone who would buy me a goofy TMNT cake, or a birthday card with a dinosaur on it. I wish I had that "annoyance".   Give your Mom a hug buddy, she loves you.
If I ate a half pound of cocoa powder every day I would get theobromine poisoning, that doesn't mean that a chocolate bar every few days is going to do the same thing.   Far beyond therapeutic doses, combined with horrible living, the stress of being an addict, and who knows what adulterants and contaminants that come from illegitimate supplies, can't be compared to a hundredth of the dose in a pure form.
Interesting! We never had these at my school.
Where are you buying food where a hunk of Gruyere or Brie, a fresh loaf of bread, and some butter costs you $20?   I can get the cheese for $8, a loaf of good Sour Dough for 3-4, and like 2 bucks.   $20 should net you at least a dozen grilled cheeses, and that's if you're getting the nice quality stuff, if you're getting a big block of cheddar and shredding it yourself, and willing to get cheaper bread, you can cut that way down.
People have kept on asking me if it was real or not, I pretty much confirmed it was a real event and a real give-away, but I couldn't help him because I didn't have the same name that he signed up under the sweepstakes, and the friend of mine that did have the same name had to flake out because of stuff he had to do over the holidays.
As someone who used to live on the coast, I agree with what a few others have said, some of the best seafood places were owned by Vietnamese and Korean folks, it's a big community on the Delta.   One of my favorite seafood and meat and three style places also sold bulgogi if you asked for it, and it was as great as their fried fish.   Another joint I used to go to sold vietnamese rolls, and soup alongside your standard deli sandwiches and red beans and rice.   So i'm willing to give it the benefit of the doubt, and hold my critique until I try it. So far i've been really bummed with the quality of seafood up here.
Happened to me once, cop pulls me over has a gun drawn on me, calling for backup, gets to the window and see my face and let's out a big sigh of relief.   A car identical to mine was used in several robberies, and me and my roommates just happened to not look like or have the physical features of the suspect caught on camera.   They still stopped me two more times with almost identical response, panicked and ready for trouble.   After the first time they even came back an hour later and examined my car with a fine tooth comb with flashlights.
Maybe I am just imagining it as much more bloodied than I remember. But the ending was very gorey especially.
This video has put it into perspective for a few of my friends who walked that line.   If they just understood how many kids used to get killed by disease, and how many are still getting killed by preventable and vaccinatible diseases... They would understand that if the choice comes down to being a little different and being dead...   Every single person with autism, or another mental disorder claimed to be from a vaccine, would take it a million times over.   Who wouldn't choose being non-neurotypical versus being dead?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfdZTZQvuCo
I am less concerned about Foreign policy as long as Mattis is in office. He is a smart smart man, openly opposes Trump on big issues and isn't afraid to say it, and believes in America before himself.   As long as he is there I feel confident about our foreign policy to a degree, if he is pushed out I will go back to panicking.
HSFrey has been pretty consistent in his posts going back to over 7 years that he was born in 1934.
Maybe it was during a follow-up or something else, but I could have sworn that Gordon discovered she was bringing the desserts in off-sight.   I may have just had a false memory about it.
For me, I chronically misjudge how bad traffic will be. I grew up never having to factor traffic into my thinking, so now living in a place with actual traffic, having to factor that in is still a bit alien to me.   Just sometimes, grooming stuff that feels like it takes 5 to 10 minutes will somehow last twice as long, and it genuinely doesn't feel that way.   What i've started doing is I get ready like an hour before hand, and I aim to get there 10-15 minutes early, it can still be tough because things creep up on me, and I think I need a clock in my bathroom.
My legs usually just need to be stretched out and standing up, even if I still have to hunch over makes them feel a million times better.
If someone asks you out for a beer, you can get a soda, or a virgin mixed drink, or a seltzer water, or a O'Douls or some other non-alcoholic beer. Bars have a lot of different drink options, and if someone reaches out to you because they want to hang out, you don't have to drink an alcoholic beverage.   Likewise, you could always explain, that you aren't really a bar person, so maybe you guys could hang out at a more mellow lounge, or you're tired so maybe they'd like to go to a diner, or get coffee tomorrow?   So don't drink alcohol if you go out with someone, or suggest some other drinking related alternative.
I have had to dodge to many people blowing through stops that I now don't go until I am certain they are going to stop. Better to wait for a second than shoot through the stop and get t-boned.
It is better to help children and have strangers you will never meet again think you are a weirdo for a minute than to allow God knows what to potentially happen to them.   I personally have helped every lost kid I have ever seen and never had anyone question me. I flag down an employee and let them take it from there.
I feel like NBT is a really bizarre dark comedy with a lot of really creative ideas, but the overall film is pretty bonkers.  Have you ever seen Freaked? It has that same tone of gross and over the top special effects mixed with a really bizarre setting and dark comedy.   I enjoy it, but I could see how it could be really off-putting and tonally chaotic for a lot of people.
After my Mother died, I had a dream where I was sitting in this large checkered room, I hear a noise and it is my Mother standing there smiling, but it keeps stretching into this obscene rictus and she starts coming towards me in a jerky unnatural way and I see she is clutching some kind of machete or sword in her right hand.   I am paralyzed with fear as she moves faster and faster towards me and swings it around and stabs me through my heart with this huge grin on her face.   I jerk awake as it hits me and I feel a strange pain in the center of my chest and I am drenched in sweat and gasping for air.   It bothers me still.
There is literally no one saying he is on drugs, especially no one in the know as far as digging three pages deep, care to point me in the right direction? He doesn't even have an arrest record as far as I know.   As someone who has actually spoken to people associated with him, I don't buy for a second that he does now or ever has had substance abuse problems.
Here is a couple of recipes I really like, you also don't need a springform pan, you can instead put a ring of parchment paper around the edge of your baking dish to keep it from sticking to the sides.   http://www.bonappetit.com/recipe/bas-best-cheesecake?intcid=inline_amp  http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/new-york-cheesecake-102592
Did you go back and try it again and qualify?
Good luck! You can do it! If you're in Tenneessee I would happily volunteer to be your running partner.
I need to improve my focus, a lot of my issues have to do with unmedicated ADHD, being able to focus on myself and my mental health and the financial cost of that would I feel go a lot towards helping me get a lot of my life in order.
Except when riders expect you to take the lead, and flag you for being unsociable when you let them ride in peace.   I once asked someone how they were doing, they gave me a curt and unsociable "Fine.", and looked down at their phone texting.   About 15 minutes into the ride, they turn to me and say "Why are you so weird? If you aren't going to talk to people you need to find a new job."   After the ride was over my star rating took a hit and I had a flag for friendliness and comment for "too quiet, weird."   So clearly you can't just read that sign for everyone. There are a lot of riders who expect you to take the social lead and entertain them.
Nick Robinson who used to do videos with the McElroy's basically lost his job and all of his friends at Polygon cut contact with him, and every post he makes on Twitter has someone asking him to stop posting or telling him they hope he is suffering from guilt.   Because (as far as what came out), he awkwardly flirted with some women on Twitter.
Sorry I missed if you mentioned her gender.   I was just curious if you knew if she was still alive when you started getting the impulse.
Except the writer pitched the idea in 2011, several years before they even started shooting on the short.   If we accept that it was indeed Daniel Kraus who pitched the idea, then why would both he and Del Toro invent the pitch date of 2011?   The "SciFi Film Festival" in Australia is a relatively small festival, last year it played a dozen films, with around a third of them being classic Sci-Fi films from the last 30-40 years.   It had a dozen total films listed on it's event schedule, and is in a single theater, over 4 nights.  In contrast an event like Sundance has 110+ films, is in nearly a dozen theaters, and goes on for 10 days.   This was a relatively small festival in contrast to something like Cannes or Sundance or another big festival with big filmmakers like Del Toro in attendance.   Kraus on the otherhand lives in Michigan, and doesn't live anywhere close to anyplace that the short played in any festival.   In summary all of the festivals are too small for Del Toro to have been in attendance without notice, and all of them are too small and too far away for Kraus to have easily attended.   I work in the industry, I have seen how many wackjobs come out of the wood work everytime a movie comes out screeching that they had their idea stolen.   That isn't how big movies work, if an idea is good enough to steal, it's good enough to buy the rights to.   There is no benefit to stealing, and if someone was going to steal they would definitely not be so stupid to not change any of the similar elements.   It would have taken nothing to change her to a mail room clerk, or a nurse, or a secretary, and avoided comparisons at all.   When similarities like this happen, it's usually because of simple coincidence.   It's not a reach that two people would come up with the idea of a custodian of a secret base discovering a creature, that isn't a leap.
They promised him a raise because he was doing the work of almost two standard employees.   They reneged on the promise.   He went back to doing to baseline of what is asked for him. The employers set a baseline, if they don't want to pay more for employees that are doing way above the baseline they don't have to, but the employees also don't have to try to outperform that baseline.   Employee loyalty is entirely based on how well they are compensated, or if they are invested in the stake of the company through benefits or stocks.   If you want outstanding performance be willing to pay extra for high performers. A  A good manager understands that outliers either in talent or experience make the company more money and thus need to be held onto. More compensation does that.
He influenced German thinking significantly, and was a major historian cited by the Nazis.   Oswald was cited in our history of fascism primer, we also went through the Fascist manifesto and learned about turn of the century fascism and the thinkers involved.   My High School's history department had some great teachers in it, so perhaps my experience is unique, but we studied that thinking that lead to the Axis.   And because you suggested I was an idiot because I believed the Axis to be objectively wrong. That's not a fringe perspective, the mainstream Historical perspective sees the Axis as being clearly in the wrong.   Historians study the reasonings that Axis historians and philosophers developed to explain their motivations, any 20th century history department in and University is going to have that perspective.   It just isn't deeply useful because they were in the wrong, in authoritarian societies where dissent and unbiased perspectives were suppressed to a degree that they weren't in Allied countries.
I have been offered to be seated in a partially dull tablwle a few times in the US, always at family owned places, never at chains.   I usually refuse as to not impose or crowd a stranger.  There are family seating restaurants that sit people at a big shared table, that isn't unknown, but not standard in my experience.
I have seen some separatist radical feminists expound similar ideas, they are a slim minority but there are a handful of legit extremist lesbian separatists that believe stuff like this.   But also the people that believe stuff like this are a minority even in radical feminist movement in my experience.   Out of the hundreds of people I have known in my life that would consider themselves feminists, I have known maybe two or three people to expound even similar beliefs, and they were definitely mentally unwell people.   Which seems to be a common thread for people like that, they are usually fringe fanatics like Valerie Solanas, not leaders of mainstream organizations.
I don't know, I got told I was being a typical man and trying to distract away from social progress by making a #Metoo post about being molested.   People that call themselves feminists that legitimately could care less about men being raped exist.
Thank you, that means a lot.
Overlord NOT the Pikmin Meets Dungeon Keeper game, but the early 90's DOS game where you operate a star empire. It was a few years before Masters of Orion really perfected Star Empire games, and I just loved it.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WY23TSAvkQg  Street Rod was one of the games me and my older brother bonded over, it was a fairly amazing game for 1989, where you customized 1950's Hot Rods and moved yourself up the ranks of the local racing game and beat other rock 'n roll punks for pink slips. It was great.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALxta1vF2ik  Return of the Dinosaurs from 1988 was an obsession of mine for a portion of my childhood, I played it nearly every day because I would drink up absolutely anything about Dinosaurs I could find.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=el95iD176S0
She was bed-ridden for nearly 13 years.   He was deeply broken up that she discovered it, and thought about killing himself over it.   She didn't get cancer and he immediately started cheating on her 6 months later, she was unable to leave the house, and needed to be taken care of almost constantly for over a decade.   That could push a lot of people into desperation that they regret going to.
I love streaming, it's so great having so many movies at your fingertips, and a lot of films are getting funded now that maybe would have had a hard time before Netflix and Amazon came around to shake things up.   But... nothing has the user experience of walking around a video store with a friend after school. Buy a soda and just walk around the store talking about this weird Japanese action movie you found, and how your day was.   I mean Red Box is better, you can scan through stuff and talk about stuff together, but the tactile experience of actually picking up a box, and looking at the art, and reading the back. It's just hard to meet.   I wish video stores would make a come-back, especially because it's nice to have a centralized place to just get ALL of the new releases, instead of having to have 3 different subscriptions, and STILL not being able to find some films that have come out on DVD.
What shows have you been working on? I have worked on a few of those shows, maybe our paths have crossed.
People who are dealing with intense emotional instances can often go "flat" to process it. Often it's overwhelming to deal with it so you kind of go numb in a lot of ways to keep yourself from processing it all at once.
You crack your toes like you crack your knuckles.
Did it come and go suddenly or just persist for a while? Did your Mom see it too?
There is a lot of research utilizing it in fine medical instruments that need to be very small, and very light. Also research in using it for bandages, as it is sticky, can provide a framework for clotting, and is much stronger than the nylon or cotton used in many bandages.   It's weight and strength properties makes it ideal for use in many applications in clothing, sporting and military pads and armor, and eventually as a replacement for some structural materials, since it offers superior performance to many metals and synthetic fibers in some applications.   Also I am just an amateur, I am merely interested on spiders and spider silk, and not related to what I do professionally. I am sure there are entomologist, biologists, and material scientists on Reddit that could give more detailed answers.   This video is from the Oxford Silk Group, at their website they have a variety of research papers involving study of the proteins involved, it's potential use in electrical and engineering applications, and more.
I am just really interested in spiders and spider silk.   If it is something I know about I would be more than happy to try to explain it best I can, if I can't I would be more than happy to try to find a source that is more trustworthy than me on the topic.
And then came back from a nice vacation in Tahiti still believing it.
There are a LOT of mental health services that offer treatment in a sliding scale, I have some friends of mine that are out of work right now and just explained that to their therapist and they pay what they can when they can.   There are options depending on where you live.
Yea he is going to sound a lot more like he used to as time goes by. I had throat surgery and it took a few years until I sounded like myself.
