Too many fan theories boil down to "It was all in his mind".
Carry a gun; it's much more effective than pepper spray.
You shouldn't conceal a gun in your purse, and one can easily carry concealed without any pockets.
It's people like him who soil the good reputation of Bondage Discipline Sadism and Masochism.
What if my future self is just as single as my current self?
Fine, I guess I'll bite the bullet and nail Khloe Kardashian...
"Do as you're told and you'll live" doesn't really sit well with us Yankees.
They said I could be anything, so I became a turtle.
Congrats on your weight loss, though I think both photos are very pretty!
If you ain't cheatin' you ain't tryin'
She has another man inside her.  I guarantee it.
That's just something guys tell themselves when they're not charming enough to get laid on the first date.
Monique.  Her characters in Domino and Precious:Based on the Novel Push by Sapphire have caused me to automatically hate her.
If you enter the room I'm in and turn on more lights, you'd better turn them off when you leave!
The ability to each junk food, never exercise, and still be in shape.
Good Lawd!  They've never looked that big before!
Isn't oil simply storing the sun's energy?
Serious question: could I start selling stripped machine gun receivers as decorative paperweights?  To what extent can one skirt the law in this manner?
They're not assholes towards the people who can harm them financially.
I wouldn't consider "cutie" to be a pet name.
Such piercing eyes!
I want one.
You may have your cause and effect mixed up.  They carry purses because their clothes don't have usable pockets.
I think OP is talking about #1 all time, not #1 of the year.
That whole family was hot.  You had Mimi Rogers, Heather Graham, and Lacey C!
Only if some stupid tree huggers decide to "liberate" those monkeys.
The problem is that for every Chris Pratt, there are 100 other people who also worked their ass off and never succeeded.
Hit it and quit it.
Anyone else think Simba looks a little effeminate?
No politician wants to be the guy who advocates for the addicts.  His/her opponents would shout "this guy wants to help people get high!"
Neither studios nor theatres care about tickets sold, they care about how much money they're making.  Also a lack of ticket price data, combined with currency fluctuations, makes it nearly impossible to estimate foreign ticket sales.
If the child dies and both parents lose their genitalia in a freak accident then they can get a Darwin award.
Does one giant expense justify another?
I hate Office Space because Peter Gibbons has a nice office job and is so ungrateful.
I assume he forgave her.
&gt;He explicitly asks TARS for the coordinates in the movie while they are floating in the tesseract.  That doesn't make it less of a plot hole.  The chain of events which lead to him being inside the tesseract started when he found the coordinates.  But he was only able to give himself the coordinates because he was inside the tesseract.  And I don't see why you're acting as though a time travel paradox isn't a type of plot hole.
Well that's not what I wanted to hear.
&gt;According to your logic FTL space travel and worm holes shown in movies must be plot holes as well because we haven't figured out how they will work if they exist.  If you really think my logic leads to that conclusion then I don't know what to tell you.
Right, "better".  Most movies which undergo extensive reshoots don't end up being good.
I don't think it's meant to be taken literally.  It's more like "keep your customers happy".
I'd like to see a Kaiju post apocalypse movie.
Seems like there's some serious stresses on the teeth when it changes direction.
But self posts don't contribute to your karma.
&gt;He told himself through time.. not that hard to understand.  I know he told himself.  It's a bootstrap paradox.
Marvel has a hard time holding onto directors because they (the directors) aren't allowed a lot of artistic freedom.  Whedon and Favreau are the only guys to direct more than one Marvel movie.
When did it stop being acceptable for action heroes to have some flab on them?
Adam Carolla said it was the worst scene because it brings the plot to halt and doesn't fit with the rest of the movie.
I liked Terrence Howard's version of Rhodes way more than D Cheadle's version.  I'd replace Cheadle with Howard in IronMan 2 and all subsequent Marvel movies.
Are telling me Foreman didn't invent the Foreman Grill?!?
I literally cannot fathom this thought process.  God forbid you have sex with a guy whom you like.
