big g &amp; nectar 2 years in a row?
that's pretty good given the lineup
i'd kill for purity ring. bassnectar playing flood on the floor last year ruled.
i'll assume this is only for the summer. need the full toby (hair and all) for the start of next season.
i hope to find someone doing the robot at forest. the worse the better.
i don't disagree with most of what you said, but telling him to suck it up is hardly constructive.
we agree on the general message which is what counts.
i only left off the all good folks since op called them out. wanted to spread the love.  yep, lnr will be at forest. one of my favorite discoveries from the lineup.
spotify as well. great friday treat.
no disrespect to your post, because i completely get the idea of fomo, but forest is the one time of the year where i am not constantly checking the internet. i let the forest guide my journey.
fomo = fear of missing out   totally get the schedule thing, i use hard copies to keep track of who's where/when &amp; word of mouth for the "hyped sets" (obviously that's ahead of time &amp; you're talking about in the moment)
it was a mistake to leave him home. probably the biggest snub after kessel.
an admiral ackbar-themed trap music totem would get a real chuckle from me
carry the spirit of the forest with you into the real world
and the people
sorry to hear but forest is medicine for the soul
i'll go one better than "this week." guessing tuesday, wednesday or thursday.
nah man, 21 jump street is based on real life events from forest
works for me. i also like "pay attention to the things that are critical to your happiness."
hmm. i'd be okay with missing adventure club for porter.
cheese into sts9 would be awesome
whoa first concert, enjoy!
sh'ea boiiiiiiii this is gonna be a hot one right here
guessing tomorrow for no reason in particular
skrillary was one of my favorites from last year
kazoo it up instead. you can do anything with a kazoo.
i think they're bigger than forest stage although maybe not in this crowd
DIVIDE THE SOUL, MORE LIKE
this made me question the android attribution and upon further review the visuals for that show were done by jonathan singer
umass boston isn't a competitor school. and neither is the flagship, umass amherst.   as far as how bc stacks up, it depends on what we're discussing specifically. best/worst students? quality of specific education programs? job placement? athletics/campus life?    also, for everyone in this thread it's nu, not neu or ne.
overwhelming but just remember there's no right or wrong way to forest. go with the flow.
at this point i am starting to question if you really are a sponge
imho a better way of dropping hints would be to list the schedule and replace the artists with anagrams
obviously kane scores
makes sense but so does waiting till bonaroo ends
linda = lies, incorrect &amp; no dang additions   STAY WOKE
specific programs, sure. school overall, no. that's not a dig at umass whatsoever, it's an acknowledgement that they offer different things to students.
some artists keep prices low to ensure more people are able to afford the show. dunno if flume is one of them.
flairing is caring my dude
i hope they just drop it at 3 am so people get to wake up to it
more important than michael jordan, a million tomorrows, hot like sauce
it's a very balanced lineup. i'm gonna have acts i want to see from start to finish every day.
i think what you're looking for is the entire area around the stage. if this set doesn't make you feel you might not be human.
maybe they changed up the plan for it? you're probably right though but sesh thing sounds a lot better imho
give yourself plenty of time to make the flight
smart...enjoy
i love kanye like kanye loves kanye
of course the schedule is coming, but when is the $1m question
we were all new at one point my dude
THE LIMIT DOES NOT EXIST
