This is expensive, but worth it overall. The Saints need to establish anchors on their defense to build around, and I think Cam Jordan is one of them.
[Some of us like demopans better than plans](http://i.imgur.com/f05xm.jpg)
This is the best of the Bad Lip Readings imo.
&gt; They're just loud  Exactly. It's the loud annoying storms that you hear, not the small, soft whispers of the breeze, but the breeze makes up more of the wind than the occasional storms do.
I was thinking Confuse Ray but I like that one better.
Torment works well, because Philbin torments Dolphins fans.
I hate going against Blissey. A troll pokemon.
You are so right on Schiano.
Exactly. That tweet was unbelievably stupid, even for Hardy. 1) You don't make 9/11 jokes on twitter.  2) Kelvin Benjamin and Greg Olsen are both 6'5". Devin Funchess is only 6'4". If you use his line of "logic", the Panthers had the twin towers last year. This year we'll have three of them.  3) You don't shit on a team that paid you 13 million to sit on your ass for 15 games because you did some dumb shit. No wonder the Big Cat didn't want him back.  Of course, after that picture he took of his speedometer above 100 mph, you knew he wasn't the brightest bulb on the string anyway.
Exactly. Many of these guys grew up as college football fans more than NFL fans, so not knowing who's in what division is not unreasonable.
True. MJ couldn't get it done until Pippen and Grant came to town, and later Rodman.
Hey, Timothy Zahn reference on r/nfl! Greatest Star Wars series ever...
Matt Ryan is almost likeable.
Am with you except for \#3. There are too many blatantly wrong calls that umpires make.
I wonder how that 15% looks over the whole of the hedge fund managers. It might be a more reasonable percentage for the vast majority of hedge funds that don't make such a huge profit.  I honestly have no idea whether that is the case or not, though. It could be far too low for all I know.
Hug Gronk. Get it right. Everybody loves Gronk. Kuechly just loves him a little more than most.
[Looks like the deal is for three years (including this year) for $18M.](https://twitter.com/josephperson/status/610508836546461696)  He's worth it.
It's a nice change.
Whatever floats your boat.
Best non-Jacksonville mascot!
Or, "We should have kept Hardy"
I can't see Wes Horton or Mario Addison holding down the position. Ealy could break out, and I hope he does. I am not sold on Frank Alexander. He has good camps, but we haven't seen anything on the field to suggest he will be our answer moving forward.
Lafell had so many more drops with us than he did with the Patriots. How is that Cam's fault? Steve Smith and Greg Olsen have been our only good reliable targets for Cam.  Add in that Cam was injured all of last season, had no training camp to spend with his crop of *completely new receivers*, and still we had 2 guys hit 1000 yards, including Kelvin Benjamin who has no YAC ability and drops the ball a lot.  Our O-line was so bad last year that we frequently had to keep Olsen or our other TE Ed Dickson back to block. Yet Olsen still hit 1000 yards.  The Panthers are a run-first offense. We pound the ball and control the time of possesion and wear down the defense. In 2013, when we could do that because we actually had an O-line, running backs that weren't hurt all the damn time, and a healthy Cam, we went 12-4.  Cam is not Aaron Rodgers or Tom Brady where they will play well in almost any situation. Those two are the elite of the elite. But Cam is a damn good QB in his own right. He's a different player than those two. He's not elite, and very few people argue that he is. But he deserves credit for accomplishing what he has with what he has around him.
Hey, virtual reality is the only reality in which the Bucs will win the Super Bowl, so why not?
Please do not insult me for having a different opinion than you.  Most teams (not all) have options beyond two receivers. Cam does not. Lafell was bad when he was with us, and don't blame Cam for that. Other than Lafell, Cam's third options have been Ted Ginn, old-as-fuck Jerricho Cotchery, Domenik Hixon, and undrafted rookie Corey Brown. And like I said, Greg Olsen has spent a lot of time being forced to block for our sorry O-line. The sole reason our O-line isn't ranked lower is because Cam manages to make plays outside the pocket. It's the same with Seattle - their O-line was mediocre on a good day, bjt because Russell Wilson could make plays while running for his life, their line ranked higher than it actually was. Byron Bell, our left tackle last year, was the worse left tackle in the league. Our center, Ryan Kalil, is great at run blocking but really bad at pass blocking. Cam has gotten hit more than any other quarterback since he came into the league, and it isn't even close. I think Tannehill is number 2, by the way. Kudos to him for staying healthy.  As for our running backs: The Panthers had 9 games last year where we had *either* DeAngelo Williams or Jonathan Stewart healthy. The Panthers went 7-2 in those games. The other games involved us starting Fozzy Whittaker and Chris Ogbonnaya. And nobody argues that either Williams or Stewart is a pro bowl back. As long as the Panthers have one competent back, they tend to win. We don't need Jamaal Charles or Marshawn Lynch to win, we just need average.  Cam isn't Tom Brady. He can't do everything. But to say he hasn't accomplished anything is absurd. He willed our team to the playoffs last year. Did you see that game against the Cardinals? He was hurting like hell by the third quarter. His receivers were playing like shit. Both our tackles took a huge dump in the playoffs. Yet he kept getting up and fucking willed our team to victory.   Cam kept us in that Seattle game into the third quarter. He marched us down the field, down by one touchdown, and a miscommunication with Ed Dickson led to a pick six. Mostly Cam's fault, of course, but to go toe-to-toe with that Seattle defense in Seattle and keep them honest is no mean feat. Especially just four weeks removed from a back injury in a car accident that takes 6-8 weeks to heal.  Cam has done more than anyone asked of him. He has done his part, made his teammates better, kept his nose clean (not even a hint of a scandal), won games that we should have lost, played through a shit ton of pain, and never ever blamed other people for our heartbreaking losses even though they shared just as much responsibility with him. I don't want Cam to be Tom Brady or Aaron Rodgers or Russell Wilson. I want him to be Cam. He gets better every year, and I think he can lead us to a Super Bowl.
I was worried about that. I am leaning towards agreeing with you. I wish I could test this and see how easily droppable a medic is with and without the change.
It depends on the server, really.
Brett Favre two plays from now is the poor man's Brett Favre from two plays ago.
I confess to knowing very little about the ACNA. Never been to one or any like it.
I agree with the "fuck Drew Brees" but not because he's a "pussy ass bitch."  He's actually pretty damn tough. He keeps getting up no matter how many times he's sacked and still plays at a high level well into the 4th quarter.
It's not entirely fair, but I would blame the NFL more than Brees.
He deserves it. He was a leader for the Panthers for some really happy years and he represented both the Panthers and the state of Louisiana impeccably.
My take:  Best: Pretty country, low cost of living, welcoming people, college basketball.   Worst: If you get offended easily don't come here. Most people don't give a shit if you happen to get offended by them. People don't try to offend you, but if it happens don't expect them to care or change.
That sick, twisted Borderlands humor was done so perfectly in the sequel. And the story was interesting, all the vault hunters were fun as fuck to play, and Tiny Tina's DLC is the best DLC I have ever played.
As far as board games go, I love Scattergories. You can really interpret those categories creatively if you want to.  Spades is the best card game ever invented, but Rook, Cribbage, Euchre, and Pit are close behind it.  I also loved playing D&amp;D with my friends when we were in middle school. I sucked when it was my turn to DM, but we still had great fun traveling through absurdly laid-out dungeons and castles.  And 9-ball pool is a ton of fun.
True, but Winston does have mobility, so he might be able to mitigate that to some extent.
Interesting how DeAngelo Williams is 20th all time. He was a good back for us. He gets shit on a lot because he was overpaid (which is true), but we got good production out of him until last year.
According to this, the Panthers had the second-worst pass-blocking in the league. The Bucs were the only one worse than that.  PFF is not a great indicator of actual grading the offensive lines, but their rankings are usually accurate (meaning the teams with good O-lines have better grades than teams with worse ones).  Cam is gonna die this season, I fear.
YES. That means either the Panthers or Steve Smith get a ring.
Saints: Drew Brees is amazing, and you all have great food.  Falcons: Matt Ryan is better than Cam (ugh), and Dan Quinn was a good hire.  Bucs: I respect David and McCoy, and Evans is the real thing. Plus you guys have cannons.   Whoa, gold! Thanks amigo! I hope the Falcons have an injury-free season!
Hardy is a bad boy, but I agree that Collins is innocent. My point is that after Hardy, our owner, Jerry Richardson, wanted nothing to do with any hint of off-field issues.
I am not sure about that one.
'05 Panthers were better than the '03 ones, even though they didn't get as far.
Glenn Miller was the shit. I could listen to his swimg all day.
Agreed. It's only the bullshit clickbait articles that are saying we are not a true SB contender.
Your logic may be faulty. If you are going by wins above replacement (WAR), Cam is certainly more crucial to Carolina than Palmer is to Arizona. Without Cam, the Panthers would be a five- or six-win team. Without Palmer, the Cards would be an eight-win team. Thus, Cam's WAR is higher and thus he is more likely to be voted MVP.   Again, both are having amazing years.
I guess she is interested in people with similar values/beliefs as her. Which I think is commendable, to a point.
Still pretty enjoyable, at least once. Not sure how good it is of a rewatch.
Rice-based meals. Almost anything goes with rice. Get a rice cooker and a crock pot and you can make dozens of cheap but nutritious, tasty, and filling meals.
Except that the map was a tool presented to the audience for the audience, so them talking about the map was leaning on the fourth wall at the very least.
