But Coast didnt even look that good on paper.
An ass that fat will float
None of the teams this split look like a complete dumpster fire tho
10/10 disengage.
you know what he ment tho, we all did
Im like 4 5 seconds from downvoting.
Yes, yes they do.
This is why I quit using CV. Shits annoying
Its a fun game but I like Faction vs Faction MMOs. I like the idea of fighting "the other guys"
50min or more. If a CS record ain't broken then it ain't a Jin Air game
FIFA is beast even tho im trash
Yep, rooting for the Cavs now
I think he was flashing from Sona/Kogmaw and Malphite was just there.
Their pretty good. Its just Kevin Smith diehard fans overrate his work online, then people watch em and see that their pretty average.
I like that movie
Its an odd place
Context fuck context Lebron choked ^^^/s
Make it feel like Im the only one trying to win the war.
Well he is 17-18. Maybe time will help will help him mature
A view to kill is a dope movie tho
To be fair. Doublelift has never had teammates as good as UZI's
Would you rather be overpaid or overrated?
Lol thats the most Kanye thing ever.
Literary all the music being made in the US. But most of those songs aren't even "bad". 2015 was a good year for music.
I love long ass gifs like this
I shoulda know from the  user name.
That is true. But capcom didn't always have training mode in their games until the started putting them primarily on consoles. Riot will eventfully release sandbox mode its just not necessary for competitive play but it would make it better.
But we know riot in in the business of making money a training mode stops people from trying new things and spending money.
yep, that shit is busted
it should say "New York City" tho.
I always wondered why people never say "Im from Manhattan" the same way people say their from brooklyn
You would think the cities would devolop closer the SEA. But was more devoloped with trade with the new world in mind cool.
It was a dick move. But I just ended up a fan of that new team on 2k.
Support Cass and ADC teemo
The crazy ones what they lack in trust, they make up for in lust.
You can become president of the world, Cure cancer and have had sex with every beautiful women in history. But fuck one turtle and you will be known as turtle fucker for the rest of ever.
couldn't he have shot the shot he wanted? Im confused and scared
FUCK STATE!
pls Goku cant touch superman in OP-ness
GET THAT HANK HILL BOOTY TF OUTTA HERE
I just waiting on the 2016 flairs
At least is was a good meme.
Last time I checked wining is fun.
He was his ass was just being thirsty
He probley beat up somebody for crackin on his ears.
Can I call both of you guys idiots?
Its the pug effect. Something is so ugly it becomes cute.
Self-Defense murder, the American way
is fuckalll a negative or positive word?
Im over it. #InTonyWeTrust
