All things being equal, sure. But I doubt these women live in a world where they can turn to their husbands, families and community and say 'oh, I'd rather drive thanks', and simply take their children to another school. Certainly not without some kind of consequence.   I think most people choose to not cause the fuss. To do what is expected and what their family and community say is 'right'.  I'm not sure I want to see the government stepping in. I'm not sure what that could even mean. Certainly while we allow faith schools then this kind of thing can happen. Therefore criticism by outside parties is all we really have and saying 'problem identified and easily avoided' does nothing but enable the situation.
It's a great moment. Olly's been simmering with discontent and at this moment show watchers perhaps feel he's listened to Sam and maybe changed his mind about it all. Well... he certainly heard the words and is now going to do what he thinks is right. I suspect he's not the only discontent member... and perhaps they've all been talking.
&gt;As I watch a scene where ice zombies fight giants, as men with magical swords shatter the lords of the undead, I look upon the mother unable to put a knife through wight children and say, "that's a bit much, isn't it."
Tilt brush was definitely the one that most sold me on the vive controllers.
&gt;The Story Needs Closure  They could put out a comic, animation, or single paragraph to explain what would happen.  &gt;Tron Still Has A Faithful Following  Not enough to sell the amount of tickets they need.  &gt;Disney Needs To Support Original Sci-Fi  A film with a sequel, numerous games and a cartoon series is the basis from which a new sequel will be 'original'?
There's a reason why Blair remains political poison for the Labour party.
To be fair, I now want Qatar to host the world cup.
Sounds to me like he just wants more of the same. Like... literally. He wants it to look and play exactly the same. But with Jetpacks and parkour or some other stuff...  Really the guy just wants Brutal Doom. Brutal Doom with Jetpacks.
&gt;It seems the combinaison of tech/gaming just isnt very interesting for women in general, and its ok,   Women love tech. Look at phones - women love phones. Games? [I'll just leave this here.](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/sep/18/52-percent-people-playing-games-women-industry-doesnt-know)  &gt;no need to force em to join us.  This is of course fine and all - no one should be 'forced' to do anything. However as soon as talk moves towards 'encouraging' women to join in VR I encounter outright hostility to the idea.   Look no further than the talk about Oculus Connect last year - an event that as an attendee I would characterise as an Official Sausage Fest. Suggestions were made that maybe it wouldn't be a bad idea to invite women's gaming enthusiast or developer groups along and the talk turned hostile. How dare those women get tickets OVER people who were actually interested!   No one had done anything yet, but the mere suggestion that women be encouraged to join the sector was met by hostility.  I sort of see why. It's not EASY to be a VR Dev - there's no market. Those involved are genuinely passionate about the medium and want it to grow and be amazing. The idea that someone not 'passionate' about VR to get involved should get some kind of 'special treatment' seems unfair.   This is horribly short sighted. This is not about some arbitrary PC 'agenda' or 'quota'. From a purely capitalist point of view we want as wide a customer base as possible to enjoy and buy into VR - and half the population is women.   It's also about a diversity of creative input. This isn't just limited to women. People from a different background will have different ideas - and the more viewpoints we have the more exciting the VR space will become.   I'm all for encouraging women to join in. The more the merrier. If that means actively campaigning to diversify the VR space then fine. Rejecting any efforts to do so as 'unfair' or 'PC gone made' or whatever is short sighted at best.
I don't agree.   Promoting a business sector to a particular demographic in order to get them involved to a greater degree is not 'infantalising' - it's the very basis of much of the advertising industry.
&gt;The vast majority of people (male and female) have smartphones because they're useful, but few people are enthusiasts about phones  I would contend that there are plenty of women who are interested in the specifics of the technology of phones and are enthusiasts, but let's move along...  &gt;few people are enthusiasts about phones: keeping up with new developments, knowing technical differences and reasons for getting one model over another, etc etc  You believe that we need to ensure VR is restricted only to those who are enthusiastic about the tech specs? That seems massively short sighted - and also completely at odds with the intentions of every single company currently looking at selling VR to the world.  Meanwhile there are plenty of guys who buy phones who buy them because they are the next 'cool' thing, rather than because of specs. But again - why should it matter? Women buy phones, iPads, cars, TVs and every other catagory of device. Technology is not a barrier.  It's not even bizarre to target technology at women: http://www.gamnesia.com/news/nintendo-will-focus-on-attracting-female-customers-to-3ds-in-japan-this-yea  - Nintendo managed great success in targeting the wii at 'family', thus expanding the reach of games as a whole. They failed to follow it up of course, but they did a great job in the Wii's life span.  What other concerns might we have? That there are not enough female devs perhaps. I have met plenty of female devs and producers interested in VR, so there is no inherent barrier to women being involved in development - but still there could be more. VR is a creative medium - as is Film. Film is also a highly technical field, so there are similarities there.  From the link below: http://www.wmm.com/resources/film_facts.shtml  &gt;In 2012, women comprised 18% of all directors, executive producers, producers, writers, cinematographers, and editors working on the top 250 domestic grossing films. This represents an increase of 2 percentage points from 2010 and an increase of 1 percentage point from 1998.   Even in film - a medium a century old - we are seeing a steady increase in female talent behind the scenes, and yet it is still far more representative than VR, let alone tech industries as a whole. There is no reason why the percentage of females working in VR cannot reach the same level as in film.  The benefits are clear both creatively and commercially, but the negative reaction to even the SUGGESTION that more women be merely ENCOURAGED to join in - not given a free pass, or any additional help, just encouraged - I think is more illustrative of why women may feel unwelcome in tech spaces than anything else.
Varys' intention is to continue Cersei's disastrous reign in order to allow his chosen Dragon to return to a chaotic mess. I think this still works with Varys being the trigger man - he's ensuring Dany is set to return to Westeros in the best position possible.
Your metaphors are horribly tortured, but I understand what you are grasping at.   However, you seem to be suggesting that due to a lack of demand FROM women that it is pointless to GENERATE demand from women. This is pretty silly.   Companies look to expand their markets to different demographics all the time. Nintendo expanded into the entire family with the Wii and the 3DS sells very well to girls. This is no ACCIDENT. They targeted women because they want to sell to them. Same goes with ANY product.
lol I don't think you understand how business works at all, but good luck to you and good day, sir.
&gt;lol, there is not much we can do about it  Not with that attitude.  &gt;the only way this will get fixed is content, content, and content.   Well, I'm happy to hear a suggestion of a solution at the very least ;)
"he's pretty manly now, but he's also a complete asshole"
Clearly we should be enforcing a maximum wage. This of course would mean bankers, heads of media companies and business leaders, Telegraph. Oh... oh not them. Just charities? Ok.
He's weird though, so I wouldn't listen to a word he says about anything.
Execs seeing this: "But I LOVED the gay sex scene! I would have mentioned it if I knew it would get me the job.... :("
&gt;Then he says they are going to be let go into the wild  Why would he do that? Won't it add to the 'over population' of foxes? I guess the best way to deal with that is to hunt them, right? Wait... that might be a conflict of interest...   ;D
Surely the most efficient way to get rid of a excess foxes is to gather 100 people together, many on horses, a pack of dogs and then spend half a day getting a fox.
&gt;the whole time you are aware it's a sacred place for the local people.  Well, that's just silly and backwards. I am sure that if you stripped off in this country and walked into a church or cathedral you would be absolutely fine and there would be no consequences.   Or maybe if your guide tells you not to do something - strip naked on a sacred mountain perhaps - it might be smart not to do it.
Exactly. This is exactly the same as how international authorities no longer hunt for Nazis... It was long ago and people should get over it. Right?
I'd imagine the majority are gang related.
The only way to solve this is to outlaw public using encryption, right?
If it went up for auction it would fetch more than 100m I would guess.
You might have a heart attack and die on a plane.
Cleansing? Shoving stuff into the guttter isn't the same as cleaning it ;)
Don't think so, sadly. Can't see why not one day.
Pffft.... just sell off the NHS: Problem solved! The long term future of the country is... well, they don't really care about that - short termism it is, now and forever. Well... now at least.
Is giving up when you can't win not the same as losing?
It's irrational in the sense that you are probably not going to be killed with a gun. The odds are that you won't get shot and die.  BUT just because the odds of something are pretty low doesn't mean it's irrational to want to stop the bad things of this world from happening.  You probably won't die in a mass shooting, but it might be a good idea to avoid them if possible.   You probably won't get into a car crash today, but it's still probably a good idea to wear a seat belt.
You seem to be getting very worked up on this matter. The Rift will be perfectly suitable for a standing/room experience for our game, based on everything they have said.  Semantics aside I think you're getting a bit worked up over very little. Relax. It's Sunday.
The point is not 'because he's a city worker', but what the consequences will be for one.  The cynic might suggest that his treatment might be different from the average drug user caught by police.
Within a couple of months seems a fair guess :) It won't be the same game, I can say that - there are technical hurdles that won't allow it on Gear, but we will do our best to make the best version we can :)
Hey, they could always go work as an Uber driver. Wait until automated cars come and wipe out their entire reason to exist.
Yup, but ram clearance would be the main issue and a lot of noctua would be hitting the ram.  Stock may be preferable
Always plough straight into whatever seems like a good idea at the time. Never run ideas by anyone. Keep them to yourself until you've done it. That way the look in their eyes will let you know how poorly you did in retrospect.
It's nice just to have an answer one way or the other.
my god... the prophesy is coming true!
You're gonna get a time out, mister. Now, go down to tatooine and think about what you've done.
&gt;Sounds ridiculous right? The onus isn't on me to come up with why the aliens came to Earth, it's on the people who scream from the rooftops that this movie should've never been made because the aliens "absolutely never would've come here" to convince us why.  That's ridiculous and a straw man argument. The argument is not 'the film shouldn't have been made' and never was. It relates to the plot hole.   The onus meanwhile is absolutely on you. You are the one putting forward the idea that they're not ACTUALLY naked, but that they simply look like it.  You're also the one suggesting time and again that the aliens have never encountered water, an argument that is beyond silly.  &gt;Nearly every single movie ever made requires some form of suspension of disbelief.  And it's the task of the film not to break that. Signs did.  &gt;I just can't stand how overblown the water "plot hole" is when talking about this movie.  It's in direct comparison to the quality shown elsewhere in the film. It's actually a REALLY good film for the most part, up until that moment. The problem is that while the actions of the aliens is creepy and scary up to that point it is retroactively ruined by the plot hole. The aliens are no longer strange, they are stupid.   The alien locked behind the door comes across as some bestial monster trying to get the protagonist - up until then end. Then we look back and it just seems like a stupid animal who's got locked in a room and is now crying to get out. The alien on the roof is no longer a sinister shadow stalking a family, but a dumb creature who can't figure out how to get inside the people-box.   The plot hole spoils the atmosphere, because we no longer see their actions as sinister, but as clueless. The very strengths people enjoy about the movie are taken away by the plot hole.   Let's not even mention that the wife's death is apparently all a set up for 'swing away' - the VITAL CLUE that informs the son that he should pick up the baseball bat and use it to attack the alien with. Phew! Glad she died to get that important information across - no one would have considered using a baseball bat to hit the alien otherwise.
Hmmm... something about this reminds me of US healthcare. There they spend way above the odds to see no better results, yet are told time and again that the private option is 'better'.  Our rail system is a joke.
Pfft. Wake me when it's 16k.
"It can't be that bad!" I thought. "Not if so many had seen it!" [ Oh......](http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/the_ridiculous_6/)
It's about ghosts. Of course it's a hoax.
Really it's only starkiller that stands out as lazy, and if they'd cut it then the film would have remained pretty much the same.
Nah, he would feel like all the machinations and backstabbing to get his family into the position of most power would have been worth it to maneuver them into the best position to weather the coming storm. Meanwhile he would use the crisis to consolidate and gather more power.
lol I get the feeling the movement of being in that thing might be vomit inducing for even the most iron stomachs.
Sleep deprivation helps.
