Trump better do it, Christie sold his soul to him.
It makes me sad, though, that the majority if not all events were "here, take this free pokemon" and not "OK, I'm giving you this ferry ticket to this island where you can catch Hoopa" or "bring this to that cave and use it to open an entrance where you meet Diancee".
What does the M stand for?  EDIT: Thanks!
The Wall just got 10 feet higher.
I think they just went on a more digestible route, mainly on the singles. It also comes to how was Alex during the time he wrote the lyrics, which made the album less WPSIA and more Humbug/SIAS mix.   They had an awesome marketing scheme and Domino made sure to focus a lot of resources on them. So, yeah, no sell-outs.
*In this moment, I am euphoric. Not because of any phony god’s blessing. But because, I am enlightened by my intelligence.*      ~~Aalewis.
Thanks, sounds really cool.
Male whore.
"From 1 to 505, how high is he?" Damn, wish I had thought about the pun.
Man, hope it was last year Cops America for "la muralla Murillo".
"Jackson, Falcao", someday they'll return to their old kickass selves.
I guess it raises war tension so those wimpy democracies can actually do something.
Worst of all is that calling women "females" is expanding, I see more and more on Reddit.
Best Fucking Goal I've Seen In A Long Time!
Listen up, chumps. Akatsuki is best girl! Vote for the cute ninja, bracket C!
The match one is really clever and the plastic cards one was really funny for me at midnight. Gotta practice those, the straw one blew my mind.
Despite all the hate that Mercy gets, it is awesome live.
That's why you shall support Illyasviel.
The fat cats put a red tape to keep the truth confined.
Planes are pretty cool.
Code Geass Kaguya lost, oh.  Holy shit, Nagisa beat Ushio by a lot! Have you not seen After Story, r/anime? What is wrong with you?  Go Akatsuki, best girl!
Hmm, thought it was 2013.
Dog, alchemy, meeting a professor, kids going on a trip... I don't like where this is going.
Come on, I want a win tonight but a tie is awesome as well, anything to beat the 'muricans.
It's simply "I'm not attracted/don't want to date you".
God acts in mysterious ways.
Fury hype!
It's coming home, boys!
The fact is that people see what others have and want that. I had short friends say that boys only like tall girls.   I think it is impossible to say that men only like one kind of girl.   For you to be worried is normal and logical but trust me, short girls envy you and you'll find more than one man who will like tall girls.
And Illya is a fucking awesome cool character, specially for VN players.
I don't actually know the other character so I'll probably pass on the vote.
What a shame, he seemed like a really good player after that final against Boca.
Bolillo, your thing used to be defending. I'm disappointed.
There are like 4000mts of difference between that match and this one.   Edit: And you actually have a real coach now.
The Venetian wonder sounds really OP.
Only 5 songs though, we need more.
/r/arcticmonkeys legendary shit taste, mate.
I can neither forgive them for Soldier's Poem.
Fingers crossed for the second coming of Ainz-sama.
Klose, please come back.
Cardona, please, don't be stupid.
I wouldn't want to be Seijas going into the dressroom.
Ichigo's first bankai is my favorite, the one where he is in Las Niches desert.   So simple yet so cool. I'm not a fan of the ones post-Mugetsu.
It's all about Muller.
Hmm, maybe, I'll have to check it again. Dumbledore, sneaky bastard.
I have a feeling he's already gay and has a crush on you. Or just stupid, maybe.
Good question. PSG is overcrowded, Juventus would be ok if Cuadrado leaves.   I want to see him going to City just to see what Guardiola could do with him. I don't want him to go to United, I feel like Mourinho would ignore him.
Starting a trading war with China isn't smart planning either.
It actually depends on how the one who did the comment link the image. It can either send to the direct image or to the Imgur slow AF website.
That scene with Beerus crossing his arm across Kid Trunks seemed funny to me, like Beerus is from the family, uncle Beerus.  This arc looks exciting.  ~ Insert Gohan irrelevancy rant here. ~
