I'm not sure how I put social awkwardness and professional misery on a plate. But I'm sure it will involve mashed potatoes.
Sorry, should have been more clear. I didn't mean the citizen voters, I meant votes in the Senate and House. Which are clearly run by lobbyists as you mentioned. How we have legal bribes is beyond me.
This seems like weak SAS. He/she doesn't assume that the world knows anything about American films or actors. If he/she said, "why doesn't the rest of the world have a Hollywood like we do" that might be more SAS. This looks like general curiosity.
&gt;The sad fact is probably that these people have absolutely nothing to be proud of in their daily lives  Wow. That's quite the assessment.
I don't think sports leagues in general are a good source of national ability. The Premier Leagues success doesn't equate to English dominance in the World Cup. US does pretty well in International Hockey.
The dude was clearly pulling numbers out of his ass since he said California PROBABLY has more illegals than Norway has people. From a guestimate point of he wasn't far off.   Which apparently is hilarious according to OP; who obviously missed the bigger point that we have a lot of illegal immigrants in California.
What the hell is a bro-j? Am I that out of touch? Sounds naughty.
I don't know, Norwegians eat [lutefisk](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lutefisk) and that is not OK in my books. But I'm willing to try anything once.
You shouldn't ask "is there anything I can do". You should just volunteer to do something, otherwise you are making the already grieving person find you a task. Doesn't have to be big, pick their mail up, walk the dog, buy them lunch, etc.
Yeah just read about the population density there. That's pretty impressive.
Why would you watch on your phone?
Speed metal and folk. Maybe the Carpenters during the happy times.
Adults? Maybe teens and college students. Adults dressed up as their favorite super hero is not common at all and would be considered weird.
Greed and planned inefficiency rules the land.
Why would it matter what nationality you are?
Its amazing how few people in general don't understand free speech. This sub in particular can get spun up on it. Some American will get on their high horse about their first amendment rights, and then someone else will get on their high horse about how people will get punished in the court of public opinion for exercising that right (Dixie Chicks) and say "Well how free is your speech of you can't really speak your mind". Which really isn't the point. Its as you said, the government won't limit / punish you for it (exceptions of course as not all speech is free), but people might. Reddit isn't breaking the law, and if their decision annoys people those people are free to go elsewhere. Its really simple.
&gt;My favourites:  &gt;* After we said Switzerland, one of them said 'it is totally her favourite country'. I looked at her and asked where it is located in Europe or which countries it is closest to.   /shitassholessay  You interrupted a conversation to grill someone on geography? What an arrogant thing to do.   &gt;* Anyway, having my fair share of knowledge about MDMA   Oh...neat story   &gt;* A guy got angry at me at the Interpid museum in New York (that famous aircraft carrier) for not paying proper respect by saluting the...  /thathappened  This story wreaks of bullshit. Not even the most rabid patriot will require a salute.
I don't challenge people I just met on geography after they just told me they like my country.    I can just imagine the conversation. "Hey man! I love the USA!" "Oh really? Do you even know where it is on a map? Fucking ignorant European."  See how that sounds?
&gt;It seems like a very 'murican thing to think there's a right and wrong way though, and of course that their way is the only right way  It's not just [Americans](http://np.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/39o7dn/cid_meier_might_have_something_to_say_about_the/cs52p9x).
&gt;But the U.S. is more diverse because black people.  I don't think even our most racist of Americans claim that. They claim diversity because of ALL the immigrants. Not that I'm trying to say we lead the world in diversity. But I don't think I've ever heard Americans claim diversity just because of black people.
Actually the ones I know are prepping for the collapse of society that will happen any day now. When other countries fail its shitty but people eventually work it out. When the US fails it will be World War Z meets Somalia. Complete chaos. If you venture not to deep into doomsday forums they talk about which guns to get not for stopping power but ammo availability; what can you get off dead cops and empty police stations.
Well every country has their quirks. Ours is massive paranoia (and sugar) fueled by sensationalizing the "news". Every other story is about something that is going to kill us. Stranger danger.
Climate change and evolution. There is a creationist museum down the street from my house (ok, its about 10 miles). I don't understand how people can't accept either.
No. You drink it when your goal is to drink a lot of beer. Not enjoy it.
They have fewer calories and weak in taste. Doesn't fill you up. It would make more sense to drink a higher alcohol content beer but then you couldn't brag about drinking 12 beers. Or if you're planning on drinking all day long a heavier beer would knock you out fast.
While both are theories they are certainly not opinions. There are enough facts supporting both of them, and facts are not opinions.
Yeah. Apparently only Americans wear them?
&gt;The Americans lost every battle when it was just the militias and former British officers fighting the British.   Your history isn't quite [right]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_American_Revolutionary_War_battles). Trenton re-energized the rebels, while Saratoga a year later got the French convinced that the rebels could win.
Well to tell a family secret, I think pizza diavola is the best pizza in the world. And I will fight anyone who says otherwise.
I was going to reply back with simply "I wish Americans said 'I love science, forward leaning politics, and human compassion' but then I read the article. Now I wish more people Americans shared his viewpoint that the Confederate flag represents evil and backwards thinking. I wish that was SAS.
We call India and Pakistan 'Asia' in the States. This guy is just uneducated.
True. I'm hoping that the Americans that make these claims are 12 but sadly I know I'm wrong.
&gt;Clearly says in the title "for AU" i.e. Australia. Funnily enough, we actually have Kindles here.  Well its a bit of a stretch to assume lack of kindles in Australia based upon the ignorance of what 'AU' stands for. Although, fuck it, I'm too jaded at this point, I'm sure there are plenty of Americans who think Australia lacks electricity and running water.
Yeah I wish there was better policing of reviews on amazon. Reviews that state that the shipper destroyed the box somehow translates to a bad product annoys me.
This is really r/shitmormonssay. Those crazy bastards. You know, talking lizards and plural marriages and all that crap. Nice people. Just a little crazy.
Don't cut in line.
The US wasn't established for the sole right of slavery. The confederates were in rebellion due to their "right" of owning another person was in jeopardy. While the US has done some terrible things, the establishment of the country was not based upon the same ideals as the confederates.
Have you read [the declaration of causes of secession?](http://www.civilwar.org/education/history/primarysources/declarationofcauses.html). It is literally 'we want slaves'. There is no tyranny in what the Union leadership wanted to end. The South was literally fighting for their right to own human beings. The States Right issue is a red herring to keep people from feeling guilty about the slavery issue and make the war more romantic and just. It was neither.
It's a tad ironic to mock the ignorance of others while at the same time being ignorant of how to correctly use the word "ironic". I would say ignorant of grammar, but I think there's a rule that states when you correct others grammar you're more than likely to have grammatical mistakes of your own.   &gt;Castle doctrine in a country lacking a single legitimate castle.   We have [Pizza Castle](http://www.pizzacastlect.com). Seems pretty legit to me.
It's murder in this country. Texas might be the exception.
Jusus...we can't even celebrate our government doing the right thing for once?
You don't think we made the right decision?
That sucks. I think this is one of those things I think we should celebrate.
Only Americans do that? I'm pretty sure that's every survey on Reddit.
5-4 is typical and fine. Just need a majority. I swear this sub gets annoying at times. When Mexico and Ireland made it legal it was "fucking America can't do shit". Now that we have, its " fucking Americans being proud of a proper decision". How about for once we say "Good job America." Leave the sub to stupid shit we Americans are constantly saying instead of lambasting us for making a good decision.  Edit: goddamn reddit is fun is breaking.
People drink fosters? I thought that was just a joke Australians played on Americans.
&gt;It's just stupid to boast about beer if you are an American if you ask me.  I don't understand that at all. Age doesn't mean anything in regards to how good a beer is. I mean Americans get shit on for talking nonsense about big our country is, but arguing about age isn't any better. Greece has been making wine longer than France or Italy but I think most people agree that they (France and  Italy) make some of the best in the world.    We do make good beers here. I get that there are idiots in the states who think George Washington himself made beer out of his piss and it created the constitution. those people aside, that doesn't take away the actual good beers we make.
The hypocritical ignorance in this sub gets a little tiresome. The gay marriage issue is a prime example, and the reason I had to leave. The non-americans were falling all over themselves to congratulate Ireland and Mexico, but when the USA does it:  - Too late, everyone else already legalized it? Why are you proud that you did what everyone did? (Not true, only 22 counties legalized it. Let me know when Germany legalizes it.)  - USA is forcing people to accept it. (This was the argument that made me question the entire sub and to realize that this sub is to really just hate America. There is really nothing we could can do right. All other countries that legalized gay marriage with laws, the USA did it by making anti-gay marriage laws unconstitutional. But apparently we are literally the worst thing ever. )  But just remember its "satire".
I'm just glad a pint and a gallon are universal between the UK and the States.
I guess I should have put a tag on it. But I like to live dangerously.
