9-5 sounds like a vacation based on the hours most people work.
Whoa, that's some serious edge. I bet you have a trollface sticker on your car.
I'm one of the biggest SW fans I know, but whether or not Darth Bane is canon affects my life in exactly zero ways.
I guess I need to start reading these. I love how they use the red borders to denote flashbacks.
Little fuckers have more job security than most of us.
Why? It's literally all the same comments EVERY time someone posts an ocelot.
When the fuck did anyone say we should stop trying to prevent any of this?
I bet it looks extra crispy in the dark.
Good, that's the point. Maybe he'll think twice about being an ass next time.
Now you know who the good guys are.
If that doesn't get you front page, I'm all out of ideas.
Top shelf, brother.
Oh, shut the fuck up, just one time.
You can definitely be both.
It's so gangster, and it's a shame that they took that away from him. Not to mention the revision just looks like shit.
Wow, way to make a new fan feel welcome.
Have you ever pissed on the same spot of grass over a long period of time? It has the opposite effect.
OP, you know other things besides shirts can be plaid, right?
TIL that if you know your own IQ, I automatically think you're a pretentious douchebag.
All that, plus how beautiful is that jersey? :D
If the person or ball goes out of frame at any point in this type of video, I will assume it's fake.
That's the only way to go through life. It's like assuming people like pizza. Sure, I guess some people might not, but that's just weird.
Yeah, I don't mind it as long as I don't actually have to delete the text in order to type in my own.
Maybe he did, and that was the response. Ever think of that?
I liked it.
He sounds cool as hell, too.    https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/37m40a/eagles_oline_ranked_1st_overall_by_pro_football/cro2csg?context=3
He is technically correct though. Kanji = Chinese Characters.
Because he's drunk, that's why his painting is so bad.
Just what I suspected, raspberry!
Well, Bochy did, so that must mean that every manager that gets fired from here on out will.
FUCKIN' BUKOWSKI WAS RIGHT!!!!
Also, it's different enough from the original that they're probably safe.
I like to support my local infrastructure and school systems, fuck me right?
I think it's Turkish.
Cool, stay off my roads then, if you don't want to pay for them. And hope your house doesn't catch fire, or anything requiring you to use any type of public service.
I think this is a really nice sentiment, actually.
Oh man, I would lose my mind if they did a Super Metroid-style throwback.
Wong is a Chinese name, not Japanese. Up your racism game, bro!!!
Well, they'll lose a fan in me the second they announce a move, and I'm betting I won't be the only one.
All good, most people wouldn't. But it's easier to rile people up by saying "OMG, DAE rental car companies charge double for everything?!?"
Fucking BORING!
He wouldn't have wanted it, I believe he said as much when he was at SDSU.
I, for one, believe that you can get better if you stop being a societal puppet.
This might be better suited and more appropriate for a PM.
It's a restaurant. They have a menu. If you want a different menu, go to a different restaurant or start your own.
Short answer is that it's enjoyable. Just got to be not worth the hassle for me, so I gave it up.
Nobody's getting mad. They're saying "good, they should".
You didn't address the part about "what if they were friends/relatives, or had a good reason?"    That's the thing about killing someone; if you were wrong, you don't get to take it back.
Cool, next time someone sees you speeding, maybe they put a bullet in your head.
[This](http://www.kvue.com/story/news/local/2015/01/05/police-respond-to-shooting-in-south-austin/21278223/) is an example that's pretty sad.    I totally get what you're saying, and I understand the legal justification, it's just a bummer. No easy answers for this stuff.
