Fiction can be fun!
I beat the game in one sitting. What a great fucking experience. I highly suggest it to platformer lovers, or anyone really. Really amazing atmosphere and the pacing for puzzles was perfect. So enjoyable. Thanks again!
First, I'm going to brush up on the best Steam Sale practices (when to buy, when to hold out, etc.). Next, I'm going to check my list on an eight hour rotation. Before work, after work, before bed (and most likely anytime in between). Finally, I'll keep my eye on personal favorites that go on sale for super cheap so I can give them away to friends and GOG.  I'm most looking forward to Ori and the Blind Forest, hopefully a bigger sale on the new Oddworld, ooh, Talos Principle... Ok honestly, my wishlist. I carefully cultivate my list on a weekly basis, ordered according to my current interest, and trimmed of any extraneous games. I'm psyched about them all.   Anyway, I am thrilled.
The power of exclusives has been waning year after year. It's a dying model. While I don't think it'll ever disappear completely (console makers can always produce their own games), it no longer justifies purchasing an entire console.   Twenty years ago, it made sense. 80% of games were split between two systems with the remaining 20% on PC. Today, most releases are multi-platform, or at the very least, eventually slated for PC. The paradigm has shifted. 80% of games are on PC, with the remaining 20% split between three consoles.   Granted, my percentages are just rough estimates, but they illustrate a point. That since time is finite, and that the ultimate goal is to play the games you enjoy most AND that you have time for, a PC absolutely guarantees an endless library to choose from, whereas a console's library will always be finite.  Of course I want to play The Last of Us, but I won't buy an entire console for it, whether I can afford it or not. What happens afterwards? I just end up with a big brick in my media console. I do still have a PS3 connected, but that's because it is technically one of the better blu-Ray players sub $1,000, and as such I still get constant use out of it.  Please understand, that me saying all of this is bittersweet. Everything I wrote before, I did so begrudgingly. I grew with video games. Owned most every system from Coleco Vision to the Lynx. But it no longer makes sense. Hell, just the other weekend, and with minimal effort, I turned a DS Lite into a Nes, Snes, Gba, and Genesis emulator, complete with hundreds of roms (my entire game library growing up). It's a sign of the times.  So... yeah. I love consoles, but I'll be sticking with my HTPC and wireless controller. :(
700?!?! Ouch. I think at that size, your wishlist is hardly doing you any favors. I'm sure you receive notifications about sales all the time. Do you actually want 700 games? Lol.   Yeah. I'd agree. You should trim it down. Or even wipe it and start over.
I second this. I too have Valdis Story on my list, and Axiom Verge.
Or maybe just happy.
Simone? I want to say her name was Simone when Ben Stein was calling roll.
Because if he had said 11 Million, the math police would've shat all over him.
Watch Indie Game: the movie. If you found Ready Player One inspirational, you'll go full-tilt game dev after watching that. Or not. Depends on your passion for game making.
I think there might be a problem with your computer. I know a website that will scan your computer for free and check for viruses. I can direct you to it, if you like. You might have to install the scanner software, but don't worry, it's safe. I promise.
Doesn't have the controls. More expensive. Bust mostly lack of controls.
You said the only reason to do it is if the top screen is broken. I just gave some other reasons. I love the dimensions of the bottom half of the DS lite.
If you are already the slightest bit interested in seeing this film, DON'T WATCH THE FUCKING TRAILER.  Even though it apparently doesn't give absolutely everything away, it reveals enough to remove the mystery for potential movie goers. I regret watching this. Hopefully, I can save someone else the same mistake.
I feel like a lot of relationships end because of too much time or not enough time spent together. Try to hit that sweet spot. Good luck OP.
Dhalsim v Zangief. God, the rage.
Aren't you paying for the installs though? In order to improve your visibility in the store?
That's one sexy potato.
WTF! No completed view? It just cuts. I want to see the finished work. The interior, etc.
I'm pretty sure vanilla wow is F2P to lvl 60. Just create a starter account on battle.net
Done. So it's a reboot after all. At first I was torn about replaying the exact same game from 17 years ago, but two things occurred to me. First, this is still a very enjoyable game even by modern standards. Second, I'm glad we now have a modern version of an older classic. 10/10 would rescue 300 mudokons again.
I feel like Kojima directed MGS IV to be the final title. I've heard others comment that every MGS has been designed that way, but that is so patently false. MGS 3: Snake Eater was a prequel. MGS 2: Sons of Liberty(title?) was a segue.  MGS IV features an old, retired solid snake. And ends with this dialogue:  &gt; You have been given freedom. Freedom to be... Outside.  &gt; You are nobody's tool now...   &gt; No one's toy.  &gt; You are no longer a prisoner of fate.  &gt; You are no longer a seed of war.  &gt; It's time for you to see the outside world with your own eyes.  &gt; Your body...  &gt; And your soul...  &gt; Are your own.  After the credits, it shows a pan with three eggs. Sunny is cooking eggs for Otacon, Solid and herself. Otacon adopts Sunny and agrees to stay with Solid to document his life. That's it. Solid is a civilian now as he waits for mutated FOXDIE to end his life.  As a lifelong MGS player and lover, I honestly have no need or interest to play MGS V. And thank god too, because otherwise watching this train-wreck of game development would deeply affect me.
But what defines a kojima game? His esoteric plot lines, convoluted story arcs, conspiracy, nuanced humor, but most of all his nearly complete creative control. With his departure, and Konami's completely crazy attitude towards game development as of late, and NOW the inclusion of microtransactions, whatever the game was supposed to be, it no longer is anymore.  I prefer to remember Konami, Kojima, and the Metal Gear franchise as they were in MGS 4. It was a powerful, bittersweet moment and I see no reason to tarnish it with whatever debacle Konami produces next.  They want to burn their bridges so badly, let them. And let's not forget that big FU that occurred with the Silent Hill project and the removal of PT. We could've had a Silent Hill successor made by Guillermo del Toro, Norman Reedus, and Hideo Kojima. Instead we get microtransactions.
What Microtransactions in mgs4? Not when it was released. If you don't understand why Konami is receiving backlash, then we can stop here and just agree to disagree.
Agreed 100% with this.
That username alone makes it worth it, but that's a great list of games op. Enjoy!
That is good. It's no solid on the cover?
I feel like if they shook it up first, there would've been a much bigger explosion.
In short, you must be this rich, to live this way.
Up until the moment you posted this, you had all the suckers fooled. I wasn't fooled though. Not at all. Everyone else believed him. I didn't. I totally knew this was a joke. Totally.  ^^...I ^^thought ^^this ^^was ^^real.
Because it all is. Many of the deepest thinkers have dealt with this same dilemma. Take Gandhi for example, "Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it." He managed to free India by starving himself (I'm grossly summarizing).  Point is, if you feel like giving up, don't make any rash decisions. Don't hurt yourself or find a quick solution to avoid long term problems. Just lie on the ground and wait. If you feel no struggle or will to live as you lie on the ground, waiting to die, then by all means pass away. But you won't. Eventually, you will make the decision to get up.
Because you loved 10000000000000 (which the developer admitted was the worst name ever).
I hope this doesn't awaken something in me.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything.
High blood sugar? :P
Problem solved. I guess WB was wrong to remove it from stores.
Popular for circle jerking and fedora tipping, some call this "the front page".
Alan Turing's mistreatment due to sexuality is one of the great tragedies of modem society. Imagine where we'd be today if he had been allowed to create and invent unimpeded for the rest of his natural life. I think about that a lot.
That's not how this works. That's not how any of this works.
I'm guessing like $100,000 for that gun.
And those $1 books are worthy of providing $100,000 worth of education, despite what publishers and college libraries would have you believe.  Then again, without a piece of paper from an institution designated to give out pieces of paper, the knowledge gleaned from those books are worth $0, because you need that piece of paper to earn other paper that can be traded for goods and services.
And with some creative accounting, they'll report $0 profits and pay zero taxes.   (I'm exaggerating, but it is a practice in Hollywood)
Everyone involved in this picture looks like they have no idea how modern roads work.
I'd love to play it, no thanks to that deficient gamer. Link?
Lucky charm increases your chances of a lucky find, increases the occurrences and amounts of gold piles, amount of vendor gold (maybe?). I can't say definitively if lucky charm affects loot quality. Personally, I don't believe it does. Or at least, it didn't in original edition.
Yeah, she's a real class act. Mother of the year.
Reddit is a fickle mistress. One day, it's 200 downvotes. Today, it's reddit gold.
Your giveaway has filled me with much determination.  Saved!
You know what bugs me the most? If I attack a bounty, he'll talk shit to me through messages. If I save a clean ship from pirates, they never say thank you. Ever.
I'd love to read an in-depth experience and explanation of all four. Not a tutorial mind you, but just a post-mortem.
