Don't be social on facebook. K? Welcome.
I shall strike with the wrath of Thor!!!!
Yeah, they can be pretty evil.
I support this about 175%
I'd say it falls somewhere near pretty bad ass.
Nope. Batman is not my favorite villain :P
Yeah, I highly doubt anyone picks Black Flash. Unless you start the craze now!
I'm with you on that! So much excite.
You have a good idea.
It is! Hopefully it works...
She's going to come in here blaming the mailman, but we know who is really at fault.
I think you've got things down well.
Some over-rated thing. I try to avoid it.
Like I give a fuck.
Well, yours is legible haha
/u/Cheesey_Cakes you're amazing. "The Jokester" says it, then it is true. :D  /u/DoodlesAndSuch you're amazingly awesome!! :D  /u/ArtsyKitty, well, you know how [awesome](http://rs29.pbsrc.com/albums/c298/OhMittens/Gifs/Furby.gif~c200) I think you are!!!  I love cheese cake!!!! And I also now want cheese cake.
Would saying sorry help?  I'm not, but if I'm curious haha
:D well, not quite as awesome as you! (one day maybe! lol)
And yet still a lot better than mine.
I'm just going to call it a tie :P
Front 9 was very.... ugh.
Aww :(  When is your birthday?! Is it now?!?!
In case I haven't told you, you're wonderful &lt;3
Thanks. Hope you have a good day at work! &lt;3
/u/shawnusaurus because reasons!  Reasons being she's an incredible person! :D
Hahaha! Want to say I'm sorry, but I wouldn't be, so no sense lying hahaha.  &lt;3
Only reason I have facebook is to see the ignorance of people.
It's good entertainment.
It really does. Batman isn't even my favorite.....
Yeah, this is why I try not to compliment the women I work with. People get worked up over things.
After 1,000+ hours of playing 'Destiny' my friend got a Gjallarhorn.  This is apparently a big deal, and he does not appreciate how under-whelmed I am by this news.
How could it not?!
Awesome. I also recommend 'Coup' if you haven't tried!
Lol yeah, I wouldn't be replacing football or hockey for it, but the two big events that last for a week, I watch as much as possible.
That is awesome.
Patton Oswalt is great.
Lol!!! Nah, I can't be an asshole all the time.
:P yeah. I feel like being nice :D
Aww please. You don't need to lie to me :)
Don't worry. It's not. Just didn't realize I had achieved  super okay  status.
I'm thinking of that one! I'm already in fandom one, and debating books haha
Ugh... Sober Abby is insufferable :P
Lol, i doubt you need to have a certain number. I'm sure just one fandom will work.
Lol, I like how you put it. I'd say it's a mixture. Tends to fluctuate between them. It's a real alright though for now! :D
Yes, I figured that. I like calling people butt as well :P
Lmao. You're wonderful.
Yeah. You're setting high expectations for me!
Well I'll  keep up the good work!
Just annoyed
*sigh*  I'll never be able to do this.
