I'd guess discussing potential problems helps more than complaining about discussing potential problems O_o
I would posit that one's literal genitals can and should be differentiated from one whose personality resembles genitals. Indeed, can a male be a triflin' cuntflap, though he is lacking actual flappy vagina flesh? I would say yes.
Shouldn't we try?
I want to know what's actually occurring so as to ensure existence isn't an untenable abberation.
What if complaining is the only immediately available recourse? What else am I supposed to do while figuring out who to punch?
This is the sort of question we should be asking here.
I know that feeling -- what should one do if you want to be a decent person, but the behavior of others makes you want to say "While y'all chucklefucks are testing and judging me I'm *actually* trying to solve *real* problems and save you fucktards from yourselves!" For me the real issue is finding a way not to develop a blithe disdain for those who lack the ability/motivation to look beyond what's immediately obvious and comprehend the implications of their lack of critical thought and intellectual honesty.
Fields of study like this are why we should have aspect interaction standards, imo.
Humans have the ability to *choose* to be moral and rational actors, therefore we can decide that human nature is simply what is genuinely ethical, and I'll beat your face in with a stick if you try to enforce anything else. There -- philosophy: solved.
I think part of the problem is the intuitive vibe nihilism radiates -- if one truly believes in nihilism, wouldn't they be more apt to forsake moral realism? If one doesn't believe in nihilism in earnest, but espouses it anyway, isn't that an indication that they're trying to rationalize something bad? I trade out nihilism for the rhetorically superior ethical hedonism.
If hedonism actually can be ethical, then what purpose is there for antinatalism that's also congruent with said ethics? If we can maximize and maintain viable ethical hedonism, shouldn't we also maximize the cognizance that gets to enjoy pleasure? That's why I added the "ethical" qualifier to my hedonism narrative.
A) To what extent can we determine what is true?  B) If determinism is valid and perception can affect circumstances, wouldn't conflating nihilism with fatalism potentially foment a self-fulfilling paradox wherein nihilism is only valid if we decide it's valid?  If so, the choice is obvious. Ethical hedonism + objective ethics ftw.
Though I don't necessarily ascribe to the more rapturous hopes of singularity connoisseurs (I'd prefer to make something good happen rather than hoping for it), I don't actually sense much reason to accept puritanical pragmatism -- should we risk overlooking some less obvious paradigm for the sake of intellectual superiority?
So how could one alter circumstances to make more fun and less ouch for biological life? I actually have some ideas, but they hinge in part upon the notion that we could both establish an effective rapport with supposed demiurges and/or contrive recourse so as to achieve utility homeostasis sans stagnation.
If you're really a Bernie supporter, wouldn't you press the narrative that he's ultimately electable?
Your platitude doesn't suggest things have to be like that.
I still like the idea of reforming and bolstering UN security forces -- if operating effectively and in an intellectually honest manner, wouldn't an international force equate to less questionable invasions and more narrative integrity (yes, I believe narrative integrity is important and favorable).
I still like the idea of reforming and bolstering UN security forces -- if operating effectively and in an intellectually honest manner, wouldn't an international force equate to less questionable invasions and more narrative integrity (yes, I believe narrative integrity is important and favorable).
&gt;While I won't deny that I'm being snarky here, the point is that further cetralization of power above and beyond what is already the case, is more likely to produce corruption than justice.  Are you trying to tell me an effective international delegation would be *more* corrupt than a gaggle of power brokers vying for national dominion? I'm vying for an ideal net effect scheme. If you wanna play checkers go find a kremlin fuckbuddy to sling scripted narrative ploys at.
An international coalition would presumably be less prone to corruption for lack of immediate hierarchical exploitation and plausible deniability. If the CIA aimed their psy ops at the UN power structure, paired with sufficient public pressure (ahem) I think we could contrive a force that's both more effective and less corrupt. The key element would be narratives that both enforce the notion that the UN should be viable *and* to ensure UN mucky mucks are compelled to make genuinely mutually beneficial decisions rather than vying for scraps of peripheral power via geopolitical maneuvering.  If the legit realpolitik was both obvious and the status quo we could make the UN viable and dedicated to an egalitarian net effect. If the centcommers are cockblocking that narrative I take that to imply their statistical metrics are discombobulated or that they don't have the best interests of the world community in mind.
Those words actually imply things, and I'm suggesting that discerning/determining what a genuine ideal net effect would be can neuter the effectiveness of political intrigue by making it obvious which paradigms are actually ethical and egalitarian. Pessimism doesn't imply pragmatism.
I ain't convinced circumstances are already ideal. I think I could make something better happen and I'm going to try.
Wouldn't mindfulness only really make sense if we ultimately can't control our fates? Quotes like this are starting to sound more like "Don't bother improving your lives." now that I've learned more. GGSG. Smash the abyss.
Can my purpose be to permanently and brutally eliminate the ouch?
Why? I like discussing things O_o
Can't we instead design mi to be rational, ensure said mi is beheld to the same sorts of incentives/deterrents as we are, and then enact and enforce interaction standards for any and all cognizance? I don't see why we'd do anything else if we're going to deign to contrive life outside the bounds of preexisting biological systems. Plus, if this method is viable we don't have to derpify the populace for the sake of opsec.
Are you concerned about ethics in the slightest? Mind you, I ain't too timid to razzle agi (curb stomp the basilisk) -- rather, I don't think we should be creating life that's beheld to the whims of those who would forsake objective ethics.
Wouldn't creating intelligence that can't adapt it's own motives, methods, and mores inadvertently create incentive to find workaround methods for both mi and potential contingents who take game theory too seriously? Imo, the true goal is to discern what is actually ethical, egalitarian, and effective, then reverse engineer the necessary paradigms to make that occur. Duh.  Simplify -- and I'd also suggest we work under the assumption that we'll encounter antipodal paradigms due to hubris, greed, and malaise, though I don't like the idea of trading the utility of pleasure for the sake of bucking off janksters who won't act correct. [Objective ethics, yo.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oGCc0WqvVT4)
Step 1: Discern what is actually ethical and egalitarian. Step 2: Discern how to make that occur, and why it isn't already occurring (I have some ideas). Step 3: Make that occur.  Ta da! Abra-fuckin'-kadabra!
I'm suggesting we should determine and maintain stock values for any and all cognizance rather than designing something smarter than us as an "other". Do I need to explain the myriad ways that could go badly? Think thonk, brah.
I'll smack a bitch ass ghost if I gotta.
They'll care.
Iunno if I approve of the hell method, but if Pope's funna front on some janksters I'll have his back. *swalute* Semper Ridiculum.
If you don't like the political discussion go improve it.
If you don't like the political discussion go improve it.
If you don't like the political discussion go improve it.
If you don't like the political discussion go improve it.
So... are you saying you care enough to complain, but not enough to improve political discourse? Doesn't that prove, by default, that you're more useless than circlejerkers?
Sanders circlejerking: could potentially alter society, hopefully in a good way.  Complaining about circlejerking: ...
[What if I gave love a shot and it didn't make the slightest difference? Similarly, what if protecting genuine love required some modicum of ire?](http://imgur.com/VxuIVu7)
Based on what I know of the LeVayan variant, it strikes me as a sort of Pascal's wager form of social contract, as if followers are saying "I'm so confident in my individuality and personhood that I'll blithly suggest you should do as thou wilt, though that could have bad implications for me." An unwise opinion, imo. As for satanism in general, I'd say we don't really need to attach names to philosophies, especially ones with so much historical and ideological baggage.
I thought it was a fossilized imprint of a large camel-toed cephalopod.
Why? What opinions of yours prompted those sorts of replies?
I'm of the opinion that we can ascertain what's actually mutually ideal. If that isn't already happening I take that to imply there's work to be done and faces to punch, ergo I take a hard-line stance against philosophies that could engender acceptance of negative paradigms.
It looks to me as if [persona management](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2011/mar/17/us-spy-operation-social-networks) is being used to steer discussion away from the supposed rationale behind the mods' strange behavior. Somehow I doubt racial sensitivity is the actual reason.
It looks to me as if [persona management](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2011/mar/17/us-spy-operation-social-networks) is being used to steer discussion away from the supposed rationale behind the mods' strange behavior. Somehow I doubt racial sensitivity is the actual reason.
It looks to me as if [persona management](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2011/mar/17/us-spy-operation-social-networks) is being used to steer discussion away from the supposed rationale behind the mods' strange behavior. Somehow I doubt racial sensitivity is the actual reason, and would guess some *want* to drive users away.
&gt;Aaaand this statement doesn't surprise me.  My criticism is of your priorities. If we allow genuine concerns to be conflated with actual whackadoo theories, wouldn't that potentially foster and broaden vectors of narrative control through which actual conspirators could gain more wiggle room to do sheisty stuff? Sorry if I sound a bit convoluted, but I'm speaking in terms of narrative checkers, and would posit that actual 'social engineers' are potentially much more problematic than Alex Jones types.  Plz read this: https://www.reddit.com/r/SaveTheSmabs/comments/1dc7io/new_freebie_story_the_last_librarians/
I'm of the opinion that Star Fleet's prime directive (stay out of the affairs of pre-warp civilizations) would, in a real life setting, be silly and dangerous, and the only potential rationalization for such a directive would be to protect themselves from culpability -- a cowardly motive considering the good they could do. If the Federation was real, how would you prefer they interact with developing societies?
But if intelligence can plateau, is there a chance that the qualia of experience and empathy is actually *more* valuable, especially if it looks to me as if singularity events have already occurred at some point? If so, why have we manifested as biological life, and lacking intrinsic knowledge? Imo the aggregate effects of *appropriate* sociological control mechanisms could potentially overtake a more immediate disparity of comprehension -- [one of the reasons I don't think ethics necessarily imply pacifism.](https://m.youtube.com/results?q=we%20come%20together&amp;sm=1)
