For your verification, you forgot to state the year in your date, so I'm gonna need you to re-do that. (Remember, it's name, mention of GWA or Reddit, and MM/DD/YYYY!)  You can just make a short verification and edit it into your post with the other one. :D  All that aside, you have a lovely voice! I enjoy listening to it, and you've nothing to worry about! You're very welcome here. :)
Oh, he feels. He just gives the cold shoulder.
You're such a sweetheart. So generous. ;)
The dream fuck sounds pretty interesting.
That's pretty sweet! Nice catch!   One funny thing I've noticed that will hopefully be patched is that The Hawkeyes will follow up on themselves and each other if they hit your own team with disoriented or something.
That was a mouthful. Thumbs up for redheads, though!
Any way I could get this on a T-Shirt or something? This is awesome!
You're very welcome, darling.
Isn't it? Our baby would have the most confusing accent ever.
Pft? As if! That baby would be a sexual god when it grows up. ;D
Thanks! I wanted to be louder. .-. One of these days, I'm just gonna say fuck it, and go wild.
You already know I will! You never cease to amaze.
Correct. I just find it interesting that it can be removed after being applied.
Not in the skeleton, no. Immunity is immunity.
Yes, yes I do.
Not unless she goes on sale.
Thumbs up for the FLCL reference!
Iron Fist was already nerfed  Rescue was pretty much nerfed by the free action change, plus she's easy to counter. Just exhaust her. And also, nothing you said about her makes her OP.  Groot only gets bonus turns from E-iso, and Tree Hugger was nerfed. Just corner him.  Molly already has a nerf announced.  War Machine: Exhaust him, winded, combo breaker, obsolete tech.   Nul already got his nerf. And the thing that makes him OP is meteor swarm.  Black Knight isn't OP at all. He protects, or he cuts. Nothing wrong with versatility.   Wonder man: Cornered and neutralized. Done.   Pest: Paradise Lost applies to both sides, so take advantage of that. Or just kill pest first.  Edit: Forgot Nico. Brutal strike or despair keep her from reviving, and she can only use each spell once per fight.
I was thinking a duck, because ducks float on water, much like wood, and wood also burns, like a witch.   Monty Python and the Holy Grail reference, by the way.  Edit: http://youtu.be/k3jt5ibfRzw
Not a movie, but Breaking Bad. Finished it maybe two weeks ago, and while it's good, I'm not totally blown away by it like everyone said I would. Last two seasons are great, but it really makes me wonder how it got through 3 seasons when plenty of shows get cancelled in the first.
I'm thinking Anti-Venom (as we skipped over him in the Runaway Op, and had Cannonball deploy instead), Angela, and Kate Bishop.  Of course, they could just as easily use Star-Lord or someone else instead (which I would prefer, as I don't have AV yet), and would like to spend towards Chapter Mastery.
Quit being so depressed, dumbass.
*Advanced stupid* Or at least something quite silly. We'll see if I ever finish it.  And that's a reference to a scene from *Rick and Morty*
You'll outgrow it soon, no worries. Just don't 5 star it.
Does your penis look like Donald Trump?
I think I like this hour.
Probably a good idea. In my experience, it never really works out.
She deleted her account this morning. All you can really do is wish her the best and move on to the next one.
Well, you wouldn't be stuffing me into your teddy. You'd be tying me to a bed.  Er, I mean... Bulbasaur?
Best way to spend a day. I'm giving Sense8 a try now.
Like 3 people said cooking and nudity, so I think you're doing pretty good.  Mine was peeing and sneezing.
Every so often, you need an ugly day to compare the beautiful ones to.
Of course! It's a very satisfying pass time. The problem with axeturbation is that it's very easy to get too excited and murder your own dick.
My vote goes to the guy who blinded some other guy by tugging on his penis and making him fall down a flight of stairs.
I imagine because GoT fans are incredibly defensive about their lore.  Our maybe they're all upset that their favorite character dies each week.
If you can bring your voice deep enough, I'm sure you could pull it off!
Very spankable! Though maybe we should test it, just to make sure... Would you prefer the hand or the paddle?
Hm.. On one hand, dat ass.  On the other hand, Monday fucks everyone, so it's probably amazing in bed.
I think it's just for clarification. We don't allow 'status' type posts on the main GWA subreddit.
He's worried that you were planning on leaving us.
Ka-Zar went evergreen, so there's still hope.
Well, duh. Maybe if you were a good plan...
Yer a benchwarmer, Jimmy. You warm benches!
Exactly how I felt upon joining! You really have echoed everything that I would've said.
All-Star Superman is great. But overall, I do tend to just ignore Superman, for the most part.
Even if you do hate Superman, I sincerely recommend that you read All-Star Superman. Not because it's a superman comic, but just because it's honestly just a great comic.   Plus, it's a bit more relatable seeing Superman the person, rather than Superman, the undeniably OP God alien thing.
Nope. Just add more allies and take advantage of that.
Never thought I'd say it, but Storm is my GB killer this time around.
I've killed him pretty consistently with Storm.
And Iron Fist's is currently useless, especially considering the A-iso for anyone that does the exact same thing is even cheaper.
