Seems like the Philosophy faculty should be ideally suited to making a winning argument on why the Dept. should not be shut down.   And just because Philosophy is a valuable degree doesn't mean that every university should offer it.  Simply supply and demand.  If there aren't enough students to pay for the department then cut it.  The other schools that keep it should see an increase in students.  Eventually it should hit equilibrium and you end up with just enough schools to cover the students who want to study it.   Not all Universities offer engineering programs, dental programs, animal husbandry, etc...   Wh should they all have Philosophy.
Yeah, I don't think our views are that different really. It is merely a matter of all verse many really.    One last question though.  If the Philosophy department is so useful for the other departments wouldn't the deans of those departments be their staunchest supporters?   Would they not be willing to share their budgets to subsidize the Philosophy program?   Or are you thinking it is one of those things they won't miss till it is gone?
Really like Longmire, but hated the first Netflix season.  The writing just didn't feel as strong.
Wasn't as much of a slog as Anathem (though I liked Anathem a lot more).  It was interesting, just jumped around a bit.  And for me the ending came a bit abrupt and was a bit unsatisfying.  Hard to explain without giving spoilers but there was a lot left unknown.
Nah, Ghost is going to crush his skull.  Way too much foreshadowing with Ramsay feeding people to the dogs.
You carry a gas mask in a BoB every where you go and that doesn't sound crazy?  :)  I understand it doesn't sound crazy to you, but a lot of us it does.
That actually sounds like a plus.  I didn't really want an Xbox One because it included Kinect.  Might consider the Xbox One S if it doesn't have it.
I really like to think Douglass took his towel with him.  Would be very sad to think he entered whatever is next without it.
Overall crime rates are not an accurate measure of what it was aiming to stop.  It was intended to reduce the likely hood of shit like Orlando.  You can extend to absurdity the right to bare arms to private ownership of nukes, and no one would really argue for that.  The question is where you draw the line between reasonable for private ownership.   I would say below the threshold of an AR15 but that is just my opinion.
Well they certainly didn't spend any of the CGI budget on Ghost.  I really wanted to see Ghost crack Ramsey's skull like a walnut.
I like "That's All There Is" a lot, but it didn't really give me goosebumps like the two I mentioned.
Well, if Sansa gives him the cold shoulder and he goes after Arya next he is probably going to have a quick death.  So there is that...
Buddy Holley is Alive and Well on Gamymede by Bradley Denton.  Won't get any up votes because no one has read it but is a really great book.
If she starts to go after everyone that was horrible then she would kill more people than Martin :)  She has to limit herself a bit I think.
You have to realize it is a self selecting group.  You have to be a little risk accepting to ride a motorcycle.  Add to that it is someone that has a camera going and posts videos to YouTube and you have people whose motto is safety third.
Feeling threatened and your life being in danger are two entirely different things.  I have known too many people that were terrified of their own shadows to be comfortable with "Feeling threatened" to be the threshold for someone being justified in shooting someone.
Probably not safe to do both.  With an old flip phone probably could get a way with it, opening and dialing with your off hand.  But with most new phones you probably need two hands.
I really don't know what is being asked there.  It is very ambiguous.  Is visiting porn sites no big deal or not worth doing?  Could take it either way.
Sure it is easy.  But doing so while pointing a loaded weapon at someone you are scared of?  Probably not so much.  If you have to point a gun at someone you should really expect to use 100% of your concentration on that.
From Coach K's wording in the announcement that Allen was being suspended indefinitely I got the impression he was being forced by the administration to do so.  Just my impression, so take it for what it is.  But if you take that as a given, might this surgery be a way to get back a little at the administration?  Allen's suspension was indefinite and Coach K will be out indefinitely while recovering from the surgery.   Just seems an odd coincidence.  I generally like Coach K, so this isn't really a criticism.  Just curious if anyone thinks the two might be related.
I don't agree, it is clearly deception.  You are deceiving the other team into thinking you are attacking a basket you won't be.    But take another play that happens relatively often.  Throwing the ball off the back of a defender to inbound it under the basket to yourself.  Main purpose is to embarrass your opponent as he obviously wasn't paying attention.  Not sportsmanlike?  Really?    The plays are both within the rules and kids playing at the college level should know better than to let them happen to them.
Almost always it is placing your back to the inbounder when you are guarding the inbounder.  That is about as much "not paying attention" as you can get.
Because they are kids having fun?  Nah...couldn't be that.
Sounds extremely complex to me....yeah...
We are talking about something that a team might pull off or even try once a season.  If you don't have someone defending an inbounder that makes that mistake then the odds of being able to try this are about nil.  So you are correct, but also irrelevant?
The Night Of hit a lot of the same notes for me as True Detective Season 1 did.   I discounted all the yellow king stuff pretty early in the series and just thought of it as a murder mystery and enjoyed it thoroughly.  I didn't care for season 2 much though.
I was fascinated by John from Cincinnati but in a train wreck kind of way.  I was very disappointed they canceled it that early.  Interesting comparison between it and season 2 :)
You think they were buddies?
How is this shitty?  Is a fake punt in football shitty?  Is the old fake throwing the ball back to the pitcher then tagging the guy out when he steps off the bag shitty?  Is it shitty because it worked?    Could be the coach came up with it, or could be the players came up with it and asked the coach if they could do it.  Or could be an assistant saw a high school squad do it and thought it would be funny.    Regardless of who came up with it, it is something they will be laughing about with their friends for years.  It was fun.    If I had been one of the opponents I would have found it funny.  Not sure why people outside the game would take it seriously.
It is a legitimate play you should expect.  There is no rule that the inbounding team can't have everyone in back court right?  If Duke had set up on defense at the correct end, it wouldn't have been a problem.  UofL didn't force them to.  A flop is an entirely different beast.  With that you are trying to deceive the refs.  With this you are trying to deceive your opponent.  Two very, very different things.  Flops are akin to sending the wrong player to the line to shoot free throws and hoping the refs don't catch it.  But as a UK fan I am sure you haven't seen your men's team do either of those :)
I still don't see how this was shitty.  This is within the rules.  Yeah, it is a trick play, but in what other sport do people bitch about trick plays being shitty?  They make sports center highlights all day because they are entertaining.  If this wasn't legal in any way I am sure the refs would have stopped it or called a technical.  It is just so ludicrous that it worked, and people are having a hard time wrapping their mind around that for some reason.
Not sure it would be petty at all if this were the case.  If the admin is forcing his hand in disciplining his player then this would be coach K reminding them he has power too.
Well they hate each other throughout, one screwed the other's wife.  And they actually fought.   So not buddies.   That is like calling Seven a buddy cop movie.   This is a psychological thriller if you want to label it I guess.  But frankly it doesn't quite fit in a standard genre way.
I really hope you realize how crazy that sounds.   The DNC isn't an intelligence agency or terrorist group.  They wouldn't know how to have someone killed if they wanted to.  And I think they have proven they can't keep anything secret so if they had we would have seen the meeting notes where it was discussed posted on wikileaks already.    I think the Intel that is making us confident enough to blame Russia is actually good ole human Intel.  And that isn't something we can expose as it would tend to get our asset killed.    As to Russia hackers leaving trace, frankly they were better off doing so.  Their goal seems to be to destabilize our government, not to get a specific candidate elected.  The best thing they could hope for is to see us arguing with each other over who is to blame.
The ladies emails are out there for the world to read yet she is able to keep her hit squad secret.   Right.
And like I said, all of that analysis makes you sound insane.
So the tin foil hat is a prevention tool to prevent head buried in sand syndrome.   Now I get it.
So two out of thousands in 2016.  And that is not uncommon?
Having a hard time with a complex concept I see...
Was going to say, it has nothing on the 80's luggables.  Svelte by comparison.
Because evidence only comes to us when it is convenient to your wishes?   The evidence may have taken a while to collect you know.  Plus there are indications Congress was briefed before the election and the GOP voted against making their conclusions public.
I keep seeing the claim that Hillary wanted war with Russia from Trumpets, but have seen absolutely no explanation of this.  Since when is standing up to the Russians the same as wanting war with them.  Did Reagan want war with Russia when he stood up to them?
Did you read the thread I was commenting on???  You know, about an uber driver who had a passenger who passed out in their car...and then someone asked what an automated uber car would do...and I you know commented on that?  Yeah, I am damage controlling a comment I wrote that some dimwit on the internet who can't read decided to focus on...now why exactly???
Lol, I think you provided plenty of evidence to justify dimwit :)
For that price, I would send it back.
Is it just me or does the middle one's head not match up with the body?   Seems too high up, too big, and at an impossible angle.
If they are helping you move them currently then apologize.  Otherwise tell them to screw off.
Decent prostitute.   I have a new favorite oxymoron.
My best guess is she heard someone talking about a twin, or a dead twin when she was a kid and her subconscious finally worked through it and started raising it up in the dreams when she was an adult.
Must be a British term.  Have never heard anyone refer to it as finesse...
