But capitalism...
Yes. At least I would think that would be a first amendment violation.
You should tell her that you want to prevent future cheating by having an open relationship. Than bring home a second girlfriend. I wonder how quick the shit would hit that fan in that case.
I would leave him alone. He might freeze your head.
I think she meant to say most Fox News polls show the world has a "lower regard".
I was pretty disappointed that the wrote Stannis sacrificing his daughter into the script. I think that Stannis would never have done that and that it was out of character for him.
Stannis typically killed those who had broken a law or otherwise were wrong. Renley was not next in line for succession to the Iron Throne. Yet he was trying to claim the kingship for himself. Yes He killed countless others. He typically is a harsh man who will force those guilty of crimes to face punishment. Consider good Sir Davos. Sacrificing his daughter to the Red God is out of character IMO.
Don't disillusion the racists.
Can't say I blame him for making this choice. A bullet to the head beats weeks of torture and a slow beheading or being burned alive in my book.
I remember all the little signs that pointed to Bruce Willis being dead. My main problem with signs was that water was acid to the aliens. The ending just went off the rails in my opinion.
I think there is also a natural desire to explain the world around us. Religion would provide clues to our origin and why the world works the way it does.
I agree with you. I do think that we naturally need to believe in something. Religion or otherwise. I would suspect it is part of trying to understand our place in the universe.
If you look at the world wide population as a whole. Caucasians are a minority. So I would imagine that they will be a minority in heaven. Thus the answer is yes there will be minorities in heaven.
The problem is you think that rich people are affected by the same laws as the rest of us.
The next post from these people should be about all the loafers on welfare. Never mind that so many minimum wage people use SNAP and other programs to make ends meet.
I am not sure why a study needed to be done on this topic. Seems like it is an obvious conclusion.
Cthulu for President. Why vote for the lesser evil?
This guy is turning into an angry old man way too soon.
Chainsaw would fix that.
I gave you an upvote. Maybe people didn't recognize the song title. Besides. We've got bigger problems now.
I think you better touch it to make sure it is transmitting a charge.
It might be an all inclusive package.
It would basically end up and Oligarchy. Voting and power would be consolidated into a handful of wealthy families. Politicians would be elected to serve who serve the interests of a small portion of the population. Laws would be passed that only serve a very narrow interest of wealth and money. Much like the system we have in place now.
Not the same thing. Also being on LSD while storming the beaches of Normandy or Guam would have been a bad idea. It would have been historically impossible as well.
I don't know man. The little one looks shifty as hell.
As far as I can tell most of the white ones. A little less incest might help your family trees.
Let's see firing upon a US military installation. I wonder what is going to happen after that. Please don't breed. You are not needed in the gene pool.
Damn you fucktards are stupid. Fort Sumter wasn't in a "foreign country". It was in the US. Perhaps a geography course would be in order for you.
I am surprised they didn't use the photo of W holding hands with the king of Saudi Arabia. That wasn't very presidential.
Get over yourself and get your teeth fixed. The South is a bunch of whinny bitches that lost and now we have deal with you stupid shits. You lost the fucking war that you tried to start with the US. There is no grand heritage. The Stars and Bars is a symbol of a slavery and treason. No amount of historical revision will ever fix that.
Perhaps he personally wants to check for the terrible crime. I know it is a lot to take on, but for the sake of humanity someone has too.
What if the values you are raised with say that one person is better or more valuable than another person based on the color of their skin?
I think that is a somewhat apt comparison. However at the time of Lincoln's election. I don't think any new laws concerning slavery had been passed. Much of the reason for secession was based on a worry that laws outlawing slavery would be passed by a northern government unfamiliar with the "peculiar institution" of slavery. I think they had a right to be worried as well. The abolitionist movement had been gaining steam and the underground railroad that moved slaves from the southern part of the country to Canada was in full effect. This might be a good question to bounce over to /r/askhistorians. If we can keep the conversation to historical fact it might prove illuminating.
Oh it will come. Don't think for a moment that Bethesda will give up that revenue stream.
If they were alive today they would be some sort of immortal being and very suspect in my opinion.
I just read that Sarah Palin got dumped by Fox News. I am thinking the Palin star is fading fast at this point.
They could save money by not eating out twice a week that is for sure. As for the phone and some of the other stuff. Sometimes people save up to buy something special or get a gift. Thus they may not be part of the problem.
He wasn't and it is a stupid question. Now go sit in the corner and be ashamed.
Don't forget that Canada has that scary socialized medicine complete with death panels. Source my ass.
Please don't cloud the issue with facts.
But blacks need to get over the whole slavery thing.
I especially like the line about stop living in the past were weren't born in. Umm a little projection their guys?
I thought it was the Rothschilds in league with the lizard people?
Plenty of places to make poor choices on Aurora Ave North.
Best bet by law enforcement is to turn of the water and power and wait until the food runs out. See how long they will stand on principle with empty bellies.
That is a u-boat captains worst nightmare.
Morocco Mexico. Close enough. They both start with an M.
I think it was him saying all Mexicans are rapists and all Muslims are violent terrorists that caused people to call him a racist. Plus the enthusiastic support of the [white nationalists](http://www.npr.org/2015/09/03/437195328/how-white-nationalist-groups-found-their-candidate-in-donald-trump) may have confused the issues.
Whatever makes you happy.
I am disappointed that the Westboro Baptist Church hasn't announced plans to picket Lemmy's funeral.
