Definitely not lazy about handing them out, that's for sure.
Um, yea.  This is a huge problem, and one of the reasons I wish our world was mature enough for nuclear-powered cargo ships.  But it isn't , and some yahoo would turn one into a bomb, or a maintenance tech who bought his certification would fall asleep on the job and the resulting explosion would turn the north Pacific into Hiroshima II.   The fact that we have a perfect solution for this problem, yet don't have the competence to use it, is one of the biggest reasons I fucking hate the human race.  So our options are to grow up and stop being a bunch of petty terrorists and learn to use high technology, or stop shipping shit half way across the earth simply because our repression of the third world creates huge labor cost savings.  Or the third, which is business as usual, and it's our children's problem, and they can all choke to death because, fuck them: we're already dead.
You should research the TPP.  Or maybe not, since it'll kill you.
Hyperbole to emphasize my frustration.
I think safety security are the biggest issues.  The profit is so small that maintenance isn't always the best aboard shipping frighters.  Not to mention bad guys.
You can have disruptive change, which clearly causes riots in the streets of Paris, or you can manage change, and try not to have riots in the streets of Paris.  I'm simply understanding the first and advocating for the second.
They're  human beings trying to make a living in an age-old and now outdated business model.  It's a good thing that you're not in charge of solving this problem, since your lack of basic human empathy would cause a lot more riots.
Is it a little hypocritical to condemn them but still use them?
Again, it's not right; it's reality.  If you want to prevent them from rioting, they need some form of concession.  Their industry is clearly dying, and that has to be managed so that it doesn't totally disrupt society.  Preventing giant riots is priority 1.
Eh, they are what they are.  I don't particularly like nor dislike cabs.  But Uber is a better product, and taxis will either step it up or disappear.  My guess is that they will be fewer, and nicer in the future, and Uber will take over a good chunk of market share forever.
People are pretty similar the world over.  You might do just the same in their shoes.  If their families are relying on the income from driving a taxi, then the stakes are high enough for people to start acting extreme. It's not right, but it's reality.
That there's no need to be angry, since you're already getting your way.
Ok, you've said that you dont use cabs anymore, but that you haven't gotten your way.  Which is it?
Why do you care if cab companies exist if you're already not using them?  It's a little weird to take it so personally. IMO.  You have options, so use the best one for you.  Sheesh man, the passion about this topic is so strange.  The anger is just feeding on itself at this point.
I asked about that quite a while ago, and dropped it when you said you don't take taxis anymore.  You're still on the hypocritical thing, not me.  I still say you're winning, but at this point, we're completely off topic.    Uber will win in the end, and all the hurdles that cab companies are using are just delay tactics until the industry adapts.  That's my only point.
Also, that guy sounds like he suffers from a problem where once he knows something, he thinks everyone should know it.  Sounds like a lack of awareness about how people work in general.
Liking muscles isn't necessarily superficial.  It shows determination, discipline, and that you tale your health seriously.  All attractive things.
Black or white, it's a pretty stupid saying.
Good post! It's probably a good idea to secure anything sensitive as well.  Lock up the diary, password the laptop and phone, etc.  You can get a cheap lockbox from an office supply store.
Ick.  Buy a good one then.
&gt; It felt like they were only interested in making cool screenshots rather than a playable game.  Don't forget imposing their sexual fantasies on the characters!
Um... you moved from a market low-point to a cash high-point.  I'm a little worried about you.
Everyone has a different opinion, but you can get a good sale with any route if you're careful.  Don't show up with cash and do the transaction at a bank.  Make sure the title is in the same name as the person selling it to you, etc.  The car should still be under warranty, so ask which dealership did the service and ask to see the receipts.  The dealership may even give you the service history if you call and say you're thinking of buying (that's a guess, they might not due to privacy of the owner).  You can even test drive the car to that dealership and have them look it over and verify that it's up to date on service.  Best practice is to take it to a mechanic and do a $100-$200 mechanical check on any used car anyway.  Also, remember that the value of the car is independent of who sells it to you.  The guy can get more from a private sale than a trade in, which is why he's selling that way.  However, the price you pay for the car should be about the same, no matter who's selling it.  It's just a matter of knowing the value and only paying that much.
People like this are obviously dedicated.  But where the hell do they find the time to get to this level?  This is like 5+ hours of gym time daily.
That's definitely a possibility, but the offers started arriving within a week, and well before the 30-day period it typically takes for a score update.  Unless they have access to faster updates than I do.  :P
A big problem is the nature of most atheists, and it's outside mod control.  When people reach the age of forming their own beliefs they either double down on what they've been taught or go in another direction.  So internet atheist communities are almost guaranteed to comprise of young people who recently switched their beliefs to atheism, feel lied to by the adults in their lives, and express their anger by calling believers idiots.
How so?  That's my honest opinion of that sub, but you went after the syntax of how I wrote it rather than engaging with my point.  If you want to have a substantial conversation, embrace a topic in good faith and don't nitpick word choice.  That's pretty far down on the [hierarchy of disagreement](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7c/Graham's_Hierarchy_of_Disagreement.svg), and calling me immature when I didn't engage in a pointless debate about the meaning of 'most' puts you another step or two below that.  So do you have a counterpoint to my assessment of that sub, or will you respond with another witty jab that lacks substance?
Keep fighting that fight, brother.  You'll change the world someday.
How?  Do they plan to operate each store with fewer people on the floor?    Edit: I can't find anything about that claim other than a Walmart watchdog quote saying something like, 'it's hard to find someone with a substantial raise without their hours being cut.' Which isn't a hard and fast fact, IMO, just political posturing.  The fact that Walmart is closing hundreds of thousands of stores, paying workers more, and expects operating revenue (or was it profit?) to decline by $1.7 Billion at the end of FYI 2017 makes me think they are closing low-margin stores and focusing on one's that can sustain the higher wages to employees.  Maybe I don't have all the facts, but that's my initial impression.  I know Walmart is a punching bag around here, but they're one of the most respected companies in the sustainability field.  They were one of the first companies to adopt sustainability goals and push compliance onto their suppliers.  That doesn't redeem them for past employment sins, but it's not as if the company is an evil empire, either.  I'm hopeful that the changes in wages will catch up their employment policies with their other leading initiatives.
A Reddit argument won't change anything, but that hasn't stopped me from taking them way too seriously
I've always hated TRP, and one of my biggest issues was that they weaponize PUA tactics so that they can be used in relationships, and then they teach these aggressive, manipulative, abusive behaviors to children.  So now you have kids manipulating and abusing each other into sex.  However, I never expected them to actually create a teen-oriented sub.  Wonderful.  I'm sure these lowly pieces of garbage are proud of themselves.
Some things said in this subreddit are so perfect that it's like a warm blanket.
Ugh, that whole top comment chain is terrible.  He doesn't  have to become president and permit hate crimes to be held responsible for flaming racial tension.  It's pretty obvious he's doing that already, yet they claim he can't because he's not president yet.  Terrible arguments.
Yes, SRD isn't good enough for the high class posting that signifies r/all.  How dare we compare ourselves to those so clearly superior to us.
THE MIGHTY KARMA OF R/ALL SHALL NOT BE QUESTIONED
I honestly can't tell the difference between his actual beliefs and his trolling, so I ignore everything he says.  He has a huge following though.
I don't know specifically, but I don't doubt he's said something that strange.
Yep.  See what I mean?  Total nutcase/troll.
Ugh, I have no tolerance for that argument.  Pedos aren't oppressed by society, they're shafted by their biology or whatever it is that makes them attracted to people who can't physically have sex.  Society isn't being mean by protecting children from physical and mental harm.
I've heard that before and totally forgot about it.  Thanks for reminding me!  Edited.
I know, it's so perfect.
Be careful though, the more I learn about our justice system, the more I realize I don't fully understand it and that media accounts are nearly always biased to one side and greatly inflate the significance of certain aspects while ignoring others.  I don't doubt he did it and the punishment seems light, but I certainly know less about any of this than the cops, lawyers and judge.  In the end the kids' life is ruined -forever- which is on par with what I think is a justified punishment for rape.
You're right, Trumps Mexican judge should recuse himself.  His background means he can't be impartial.
I don't discount his crimes or the impact on his victim.  This is awful, and there isn't a punishment in our legal system that matches the severity of what he has done.  So I'm not saying that the punishment is correct, I'm saying that I don't fully understand our legal system and certainly not this case, but even if he got off light, I'm happy that he is banned from swimming for life, will be a registered sex offender for life, and will never be allowed to forget what he did.  And hopefully it dawns on him how damaging his actions were and he'll have to live with that guilt as well.  But they caught him, tried him, and punished him, which is far better than the vast majority of rapists who will never be named by their victims.  So I can live with this, as imperfect as it is.
I loved every picture.  This was so great to see how well they fit into those scenes.  And then Seth Rogan.  I died.
OMG, did you use the the cheap 3 wire kit or did you go for the Cadillac 4 wire?  Good times.
True.  The male gender has basically cock blocked itself.
But conversely, undisciplined children without boundaries are just small assholes that no one can stand.
Wow, that guy is a moron.
Wow, that guy is a moron.
