Griefing isn't a play style
Think about it. When you were playing with Lincoln logs/Lego/etc as a kid, and someone kept running up to you and stomping on your creations, was that considered "playing?" The people griefing in online games are those same kids, who's parents didn't beat them enough.
You don't block caves, others can't get in.
I think you a word
Plus, the spinosaurus looks more like a giant dimetrodon
Yeah, it needs proper arms, not just front legs.
I've been saying the same thing about the UCS Falcon for the past 9 years :(
everything can be had for a price. i think its about $600 to bricklink a UCS Falcon, while they go new for $1800-$6000. The Executor doesn't have any specialized pieces, so it should be available for less
Mei is bae, Hillary is just a bitch.
because freedom
at least its not a cheap metallic swirl
I hate to beat a dead horse, but they could have easily picked the story up post-FotJ. Introduce Jaina and Jag as the new protagonists, or even as background characters. They could introduce the First Order as a splinter cell of the Remnant and take it from there. Maybe a flashback sequence to Jacen and Anakin Solo, and then pick it up where they did with TFA.
Well yeah...but its statistically unlikely.
Well yeah...but its statistically unlikely.
George Washington. To beat the shit out of these people that call themselves politicians.
Yep, he just got friend zoned for life.
Those of us old enough to remember times before TPM knew that.
We were fucked either way.
Star  Wars. I'd be Watto. Literally nothing happens to that guy. Although he's more antagonist than villain.
Hollywood Undead. God they put on a good show.
Loud, fast music and video games for a few hours
And, threats from the H campaign to take down that unflattering image in 3...2...
Fuck...
The main thing is to find a distraction to put energy into.
The father should be charged equally for failing to make his kids wear seat belts. Their deaths could have been avoided in multiple ways.
And how is eating plants not murder, since  both are living organisms?
Her and Feinstein are going to tag team the 2nd Amendment next year. As much as I hate to say it, Trump may be our last line of defense.
Which is dumb. It's like saying we should all ditch cable because the Internet has just as many TV shows.   Just because some people chose to do it doesn't mean everyone should be forced to do it.
Pay for health care.   Pay 5-6 figures for a basic education.   Carry guns in public.   Celebrate a holiday where we basically forced ourselves upon the native population and took over.
What are you, 12?
What scapegoat? We all know that the gun did it. The shooter was just an innocent victim of the evil gun lobby! /s
11/10 either way.
Not my thing
I assume you're a girl?
Fuck you guys, I'm still not over that Jenner character
The Authoritarian platform in a nutshell. "We don't think you can handle yourself, so we're going to dress and feed you and tell you how to live your life, for your own safety!"
Let me guess, the ones I already have work just fine? You sound like my girlfriend /s
I think that falls under being friendly with strangers
Because our govt doesn't care when poor black people kill each other.
You got the day off?
Yeah, I was all for it, but the nipple spikes killed it for me
As a libertarian, I agree. The Dems are the one party who campaigns for personal freedom and equality and alienates an entire group of people because they shit on the 2nd Amendment because "guns are scary"  Imagine if we had a sudden influx in teens being killed by illegal street races. We'd have people all over our asses because "modern cars go too fast!" and they would write all kinds of legislation to dictate how fast cars can go, ban any foreign car from importation that goes faster than 65 mph, and force us to turn over all our "illegal death machines" and make us take the bus/buy a Prius instead.
Gorillas aren't native to the US. I also support the right for squirrel arms.
Now you're just making assumptions
&gt;so what? if he/others can't put in those hours then he/they should not be on their level.   Kind of hard to survive as the new kid on a pvp server.
Official PVE isn't bad
You assume that just because someone CAN do something to harm you means they WILL
Stop asking stupid questions
Holy fuck... Blaming Christians on a guy who was raised as a Muslim? That's a new level of apologist. Christianity isn't isn't the only religion that condems homosexuality.
Nobody said he was devout.
