[One of these.] (http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/funny-nose-glasses-disguise-front-view-groucho-marx-mustache-isolated-white-background-34641069.jpg) I guarantee you'll have a good time just going about your daily routine wearing these in public.
I hate to imagine how many bindles of the pot that kid is going to inject when he grows up.
There are no good people.
I liked that The Holy Grail had subtitles for people who don't like the film, where they take lines from Henry IV and make them fit the script as well as possible.
I would still keep your CV and resume updated. You don't want to be blindsided.
No, you're supposed to [cut it in half and stick a scoop of ice cream between the two halves.] (http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1099211/thumbs/o-POP-TART-ICE-CREAM-SANDWICH-570.jpg?6) C'mon guys, get it together.
I would wave the inheritance flag, but given that he's living in a house of five as the only able-bodied person, I assume he's getting half of a beat up couch, the *good* cistern, and about tree fiddy before taxes.
I said, *that guy isn't dying anytime soon.*
Lotta red in that graph...
"Mmm, It's gotten pretty stale."
I mean, certainly there's concept art and paper sketches involved in both studios, but the difference is Disney attempted to model the 3D more closely after the classic 2D animation, giving the characters a more vividly "cartoony" look and movements, as opposed to the more realistic look that comes from Pixar.  Edit: /u/Abbey-Road offered the production of [Paperman] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZJLtujW6FY) as an example of the style that Disney employs.
It's quite possible. Even the CGI animals can enter that uncanny valley if their look and behavior approach realism, but don't quite hit the mark.
Lawn decorations. Granted, they are two extremely different types for rich and poor people, but still.
I think that's just meant as part of the experience. The long load times, slow walk speeds, and tedious map crawling are meant to frustrate the player to encourage them to go nuts on everything and everyone in between.
"Just because I have it DOESN'T MAKE IT TRUE!!!"
"I'm not racist, but don't you think that angry birds movie was awful?"
Why, why did I know, before I even clicked, that this was going to be a shitstain? And why do I see so many? Are there seriously that many people who have so little control over their bowels that this happens and it isn't an immediate "Go home and change" moment? That they'll continue to go about their day like nothing's wrong? I'm genuinely curious.
Okay, fine. You're the lawyer here; swing big lawyer dick, but at the very least, reply to OP in a top level comment and give some advice, because all I see you doing in this thread is shitting all over the non-professionals who are trying to help.
People honestly need to teach their kids to shut the hell up. I'm sorry, but when I hear the five year old behind me asking questions every five minutes and babbling about what they like and don't like, all I want to do is turn around and shush them. Yet that would make *me* the asshole, right?
That's the thing, I don't often hear it in family friendly action movies like Star Wars, probably both because they tend to be louder (the movies, not the children) and they're easy to chew on, so when people do babble it's not like "Hush you guys, oh shit did they get the death star plans yet, this plot is just too much for me!"   I want to make a distinction here before I get lambasted on the internet: I like the new Star Wars movies, but you don't need to collect and connect a lot of dots to get the most out of the movie. They're not redefining the meaning of sagas, they're made to be easy to watch and enjoy. That's fine, and it's great for kids because they can follow along too. But when it's a "talky" movie, when missing thirty seconds of dialogue means missing a crucial theme in the plot, or a moment of characterization, or a bit of symbolism that engages the viewer and makes them think critically about the events unfolding, it really does detract from the moviegoing experience, especially if each interruption coincides with something that, yeah, might be a little difficult for a five-year-old to grasp.  Seriously, people, just because it's not particularly violent or profane or scary doesn't mean it's good for kids. The theater is not your babysitter.
That's the thing: along with everyone else in the theater, I paid for the right to enjoy the movie, and when you're quiet, your enjoyment doesn't detract from mine. 90% of the time, that's the case for pretty much everybody in the theater and you all have a good moviegoing experience.   Does that mean people can't and won't have questions? Of course not, sometimes things need explaining. Does that mean people in general and children specifically need to have impulse control and not pester for explanations in the moment, and instead should maybe wait until after the movie to discuss it, or wait until it comes out on DVD? Absolutely.  This comparison might be a little uneven, but to put your question another way, if someone has a chronic problem that could keep them and others around them from enjoying carnival rides, say, a congenital heart defect, nausea, or back and neck injuries, should they be prohibited from boarding said rides? My answer to this question is the same as the answer to yours: "Probably. It's not going to happen, It's a free country, but yeah, maybe."
Can we? Already there have been death threats and violent acts against people who challenge the authenticity of Trump's presidency and actions. It's only going to get worse over the next few years, and I don't know that a more politically and racially charged America can avoid more bloodshed.
Generally speaking, significant suits only come forth when law is ambiguous or unclear, and the law is pretty clearly defined here, as are most theaters' policies on patron behavior. You might find a lawyer who would attempt to prosecute, but as I said, they'd probably be found to have overlooked due diligence, and made to pay the defendants' court costs, which tends to make prosecutors and their parties wary of cases like this.  If this even made it to the desk of a county courtroom, it wouldn't take more than an hour to resolve, I can almost guarantee that.
I, too, was disappointed in fallout 4.
Yeah, but I still feel like Oblivion was still a step up from Morrowind because *all* the NPC's had voiced dialogues instead of ambient snippets, which was a massive undertaking given the expanse of the game, and the elder scrolls series never gave much in the way of personality to its player characters. Fallout 4, in comparison to its predecessor, gave just one character (albeit the protagonist, who by definition has the most prominent role in the player's experience) voice acting, at the expense of the enjoyment of using a character's development to add flavor to dialogue. How many other games do you know of that give special dialogue options for low intelligence characters, or let you finish the game by *talking* the boss to death if you're good enough at it?
The thing is, Geralt's already decently characterized, and most of his responses reflect his deadpan, sarcastic personality. In most dialogues, the vault dweller gets four options to express the entirety of a blank slate personality, and they're not nearly as engaging as some of the choices the previous games allowed. I think the backlash is a natural result of taking a huge step backward in roleplaying, without really adding anything significant. A fully voice acted main character means very little with characterization as flavorful as tofu.
Considering the staggering amount of different player heads screechy had displayed, to say nothing of the ones in the chests, I imagine it would be incredibly difficult, or at the very least tedious, to stage something like this.  I think the dude is chill because he's a mod on his own server, and probably deals with shit like this on a weekly basis.
That can be fixed. Not today, not tomorrow, but when automated labor becomes cheaper and/or more reliable, shit's going to hit the fan real quick.  That's why we should start talking about Basic Income *now*. Not twenty years down the road when 30% of the workforce becomes unemployable through no fault of their own, but *now.*
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
\&gt;Implying that a Toyota won't keep driving until the sun hits the earth.  Seriously, though, that's a good car.
Yeah, totally a "heater," not a "car bomb." That was very "poorly constructed."
Bigly doomed.
"You hear that, folks? Record Demand!"  Record Low is still technically record.
Because oil is good for the economy! Creates Jobs! It's what 'murica was built on! Real fuel for real cars!
I believe it when Carl Bernstein says it. God forbid this ends up being another fake lead though, because if that happens I won't know what to believe anymore.  Good god, what happened? Journalism used to be about rooting the truth out of all the bullshit, and ever since the 24 hour news cycle for ratings became a thing, everything's just gone to shit. What happened to accountability? To good faith, to trust, to common decency? I don't think I've ever seen families and neighbors this deeply divided and dismissive, over stories that put flash before substance, and it's just killing my faith in humanity. I don't know what to do anymore.
Worse yet, a lot of those jobs also support economies created specifically to cater to truckers and others who travel long distances by highway. Motels? Gone. Roadside Diners? Gone. Little towns that seemingly sprouted up by the highway in the fifties? Gone.
Wow! You're worth more than Donald Trump! Hey everyone, let's make this guy president!  /u/simpersly 2020!
We should praise Hitler because he allowed us to start dialogues about genocide, hate crimes, and right-wing facsim.  Oh wait, that's apparently actually what about half of this country wants to do.
You might be one of the few republicans who thinks that way. The rhetoric I'm hearing from republicans these days, seemingly "Fuck you, I got mine," stops just short of "Let the poors die. We don't owe them anything." And with trump in office, I don't know how much longer that rhetoric will stay unspoken.  You know, it's funny. If I were born thirty years ago, I might have called myself a republican at some point. Everybody here talks about the bootstraps remarks as a cynical joke, but in the 70's and 80's it very well would have been possible to walk into a restaurant, or a mechanic, or whatever, and pick up a trade, learn the skills, and turn that into a viable living. I'd imagine that was due in part to the availability of the factory jobs that people in the rust belt so fondly remember. But globalization changed the face of the workplace in America forever, and technology moves ever forward, increasing the ratio of productivity to human labor.  It's no longer possible to bring those jobs back simply because it's cheaper to outsource. If tariffs and/or tax cuts are introduced to try and bring those jobs back, depending on wages, manufacturers may find it more cost effective to invest in automation, and like I said, the technology is constantly improving. I hear the counterarguments that say "New jobs will appear to support the automation." and they're not wrong, but   a) there probably won't be nearly as many support positions to counteract the loss of labor positions automation causes, (else, what's the point of automation?) and   b) the people replaced won't necessarily be able to do the jobs automation creates.  So that leaves us at a sobering question, "What happens to the unemployable?" It's a question I fear will have an unpleasant answer, with the current state of affairs.
He was in some serious danger shooting this series, too.  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/tvandradio/8237505/Gordon-Ramsay-threatened-at-gunpoint-during-illegal-fishing-investigation.html  Kudos to a guy willing to put his neck on the line to further a good cause.
TRY GETTING A RESERVATION AT DORSIA NOW YOU FUCKING STUPID BASTARD!
Basic common sense and reasoning skills are the enemy! Trump is the one who will make America Great, not the enemy reality!
We thought Trump never stood a chance of becoming president. Shit happens fast. We need to stop this before it starts.
Yeah, just like I write college papers that end up being ten pages of "alternative facts."
Nerd minus, I would say.
No, these assholes know they work for the one percent, and the rest of us can go pound sand for all they care.
Feels&gt;Reals
It's literally his first day, *and* his first comment. Give him time.
I don't know, having sunglasses that you can't use seems pretty FWP. Also working a fuckton of hours has been an American thing for a long time, and I *think* America's still a first world country. Possibly.
Official response:   Fake signatures, all fake. Sad!
