I beg to differ. The game is already vastly superior now compared to launch. Originally the game wasnt reaching 30fps on a Titan X maxed, now of course, frame rates have pretty much doubled across the board.  Also, BS on the 70fps low settings. Im getting around the 50-55 mark on the high preset when running 833p on windowed (but i get to use max render res to make up for running in windowed) and the game looks fantastic.   tl;dr, this isnt DayZ. Every other week this game is getting updates and is already miles ahead of how it was at launch. DayZ hasnt improved at all
Good points. Honestly Im not too worried about the Division since the latest gameplays scream "downgrade" (though I have heard the PC version looks miles ahead of console)  As for FFXV, which is currently my most hyped this year, I dont really know how that'll turn out. Yeah the engine has problems, but PS4 can run 25-30fps and just look at how insane that game looks. From my experience, a 970 is about 3x as powerful as the graphics in a PS4. (Going off GTAV at 80-90 fps on high-ultra, and Shadow of Mordor easy 80+ maxed)
I love when games do 1:1 scale locations like this! AKAIK this game is a pretty flawless 1:1 scale of Manhattan, and I love how massive all the buildings are and how to scale every corner is.
Wait, Uverse is what fucked everything up?! I always wondered why port forwarding was so broken, and its because of AT&amp;T?
Didn't know I was a peasant for not using a TV for my PC gaming.  Maybe I'm interpreting wrong, but this gives the impression that PC gamers at a desk are considered "peasants"
Division or Far Cry 3 please :)  I would just say the Division, but I'm sure that has some demand on this post
DOOM or Far Cry 4 please :D
Because of their damn purchase options, I bought Origins without intending too. You'd think for the sake of customers they'd put the cheapest offer first
That's a special case IMO. The whole point of the Retina displays is to have the resolution just right, so that the average distance you'll be viewing the display from, you wouldn't be able to distinguish the individual pixels, which I can totally do on my 1600x900 22" monitor compared to my 1136x640 4" iPhone.  Honestly I think the whole idea of Retina displays is great. Why go for more when you won't notice it? It's just wasted performance, especially on a mobile device where battery comes into play.
Must be the locked 30fps with dips to the low 20s. And dont get me started on motion blur
At first, I really liked uTorrent, until I discovered Deluge. Love at first sight
But Hardline is so "meh"
He's practically getting a Titan X for $400~, I'd say that's worth
How can you dislike a community full of dank memes and calling out companies on their BS/sucking the dicks of others? Sounds pretty gr8 to me  /s
Right? I thought I was the only one who was bothered by the fact the story was recycled
That god damn OP. ITS SO GOOD
Idk man, Chaika is cute and has god-tier eyebrows, this chick looks like she's gonna kill a certain MC soon
I'm sure there were a few people who only came for the codes (its a giveaway, so its expected lol) but I wish you best of luck with your game, and congrats for getting on Steam!
I wouldnt say "would have been fine" but rather that people are used to that, and that this is a different case entirely
Remember when the advertised Snowdrop as this revolutionary graphics type deal? The game at launch looked "okay" and even pretty solid with certain weather, but in general the game looked bland.
Ik I'll get downvotes for this, but I honestly don't care. As long as it has decent content at launch I'll buy it, and not having the French doesnt change my mind, because the game looks awesome regardless
They aren't throwing shots at Nvidia, if that's what you mean
Why? Wouldn't the ads "enhance" your experience?   /s
Sheesh, talk about selfish
There's multiple reasons, but yeah it's better just to make you own acc and buy only what you want
Not to be that guy, but I have my 970 already hitting 1.5ghz OC'ed. Anything over in unstable, but is 1.5 all that great when you consider the 1080 is getting 2ghz
Right? All I could think of was that even after all they've been through, they still consider themselves acquaintances or something? Like c'mon dude, they all helped each other in some way or another but nooo
I mean, let's be honest tho, if us redditors were in this whole situation, we wouldn't give a fuck about class with all that happened
To be fair, I already think Marcus will be a way better protagonist than Aiden. Call me crazy, but I like where Watch Dogs 2 is going compared to the original, and as long as it isn't completely broken at launch, I might pick it up
Prolly cuz all those damn HFR soap operas!
LUL think your cool m8? It's clear my integrated Radeon HD 3200 is the Titan X killer of 2016
Well OP, aren't you clever   *thinks to self* dammit I've been fooled again!
If only it was as easy as that IRL ;-;
Yes, devs are supposed to fix games, but c'mon man, you can't seriously just "forget" that every single game they've launched in the past few years has been utterly broken on launch.
Now that... It's just glorious
At the end of the day, Ark is a fun as fuck (though grindy) game. I just want 60fps on my 970 :(
We need a sequel
You dare question the logic of Dying Light?!
I'm aware of this. I said it sucks, but I'm not being a bitch about it
Well it's also nice for you guys to show some love on Reddit! I wish you the best of luck in your project
I'm aware of rooting, but I wouldn't call it really an equivalent. It gives you more access to you're device yes, but Jailbreaking is basically just removing the restrictions Apple puts in place and adds an appstore for itself (Cydia) whereas with rooting is a more "complex" system if that makes sense. Rooting is like taking Jailbreaking to the next step
Well it leads to less impulsive buying (ex. Oh shit this game is even less for the next few hours and I don't want to miss this deal) and it allows for consistent sale prices (ex. well shit I was at work while this flash sale was happening so I'm fucked)
Your last claim doesn't mean much since 99.9% of my Steam purchases start with a gift card
Hold up, I don't quite understand, are you saying that 60usd = 110aud, but they just charge you 110usd? Please tell me I'm wrong
Still can't believe that Lirik (popular Twitch streamer) backed up the devs by getting his own promo code to get a 5% discount for the game. People have informed him about the fact the game is by the WarZ devs, but he just says "those games games were released years ago, does anyone even care anymore?" And he's slowly convincing his fans to buy it. It's a shame, I really love the guy, one of the more unique streamers but I call bullshit when it's due
Because you fall under the assumption that everyone and their mother deals with cheaters, which is incorrect. Me and plenty of others I've spoken to in comp matches have either rarely played with cheaters or just never have.
It's really cool to see how even though this feature is useless for people like me, that others can fall in love with it. Have fun dude!
Call me crazy, but I see not a single thing about Mac OS that makes it better than windows. You have less control, no EXEs, no directX, reliance on an app store, etc. If you mean it looks pretty, then that can be done on Windows too
The fact that that's a thing alone is glorious. Shotgun one of 'em post apocalyptic monsters, get blood all over your screen, then just swipe it off like a badass
Please play the shit out of Zelda. You know you want to... *hands over username and passes into the shadows*
