No, it does, and he's right.  The question is who deserves it, the people who have money, or the people who do work?  A pure capitalist society doesn't work.  Besides just the tragedy of the commons, capitalism tends to coalesce wealth all at the top, leading to things like [robber barons](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robber_baron_(industrialist\)).  Capitalism does a ton of things extremely well, but it's a system designed by man and not by god.  We need to address where it fails, which is not terribly difficult to do.  We did a fairly decent job of it between WW2 and Reagan.  We had a healthy middle class, where one family member was able to own a house and provide for his family.  Education wasn't terribly expensive, and there was opportunity for everyone to reach at least that healthy middle class somewhat easily.  We *landed on the moon* during this time.  We can do this again.
Manipulating the system that determines how much value you provide to society is much easier than actually providing value to society.
Because the top 1% have as much wealth as the bottom 90%.  If we make that just a little more even, we can clearly largely improve the lives of those 90%.  And it won't even significantly affect the quality of life of that top 1%.  Well,  There's no reason we can't do both, but my first concern is America.  Capitalism is good.  So is water.  You'll still die if you drink six gallons of water in an hour.
To be fair, you have to go to some extremes for this to be the case.  There's a *very* short list of places where the standard of living is that high.  Regardless, I don't think most of the Sanders camp is interested in those bringing home under a million a year and paying an effective rate higher than capital gains on it.
We need to allocate it fairly and give up the illusion that the free market was designed by god.  Money is nothing more than a system to measure how much you contribute to society and what society owes you in return.  When it becomes more efficient to manipulate the system of measurement than to actually contribute to society, we have an issue.  When the people who collectively contribute the most to society see rather meager rewards as a result of those contributions, we have an issue.
I'm pretty sure we're not going to intentionally kill innocent civilians for training exercises.
Because at least a few people involved would see how wrong it was and make sure of it.  It's a lot easier to hide something that is easier to rationalize morally.
It's also not clear who hit who.  The moto guy may have been trying to cut off the BMW, since he was obviously trying to box him in the rest of the time.  It's still a hit and run though.  No matter whose fault it is, there's no excuse for leaving the scene.
Some of the people voting supposedly believed there was a large difference between voting for war and a vote that might lead to war. It was sold as allowing the president to use his best judgment to decide what was necessary when it was necessary.  In hindsight, there obviously wasn't a difference, and the president had already made up his mind before the vote.
Meta posts need to be here.  That's kind if like saying, "If you want to criticize the government, all you have to do is leave first."  Meta posts being removed from here gives them absolutely no power at all.  I understand how this would seem attractive to the moderation team, but it's a terrible idea.
It's a dumb thing to do because it takes the same number of games, whether you spend time on the extra games in plat 1 or diamond 5.  In fact, dodging costing you 3lp per dodge probably causes you to need to play an extra game or two.
Because people are dumb and like to be dramatic.
That's incredibly short-sighted.
Jesus, the brave response to the FC getting headshot is to leave the field?  That's awkward.
Anything you used to replace it would have the same consequences.  Really, we just shouldn't be treating SSN as secret information.  It's difficult to identify a person by just name.  There are so many variants.  SSN serves as a good identifying primary key in a database.  A SSN is not a password.  And security questions are terrible.
Until one guy uses Rob and Robert interchangeably, or a woman gets married, etc.  It should actually be fine to use SSN for this.  We just shouldn't pretend that SSN is a secret half the time.  Using "the last 4 of your social" for access to something isn't much different than using "what's your last name".
It could have been a power trip.  But there's probably a greater than 50/50 chance he was doing what he's supposed to do as an attending.  I'm sure he knew you could handle it, and your cutting wasn't detrimental.
You know "easy" and "all day every day" kinda conflict.
Too many useless options is a terrible thing too.
I was just talking to a friend about similar things the author of this article mentions.  Yes, the lack of character attachment is certainly a bad thing in some ways.  But it's also a good thing, and it brings a kind of balance and gameplay to chalice that xcom lacks.  A character dying or aging five years in chalice had the right kind of strategic weight.  It's very relevant, and you certainly feel it, but it doesn't ruin the game the way it does in xcom.  Making characters somewhat expendable adds weight to your decisions that makes the game fun.  I would have liked the characters to live a bit longer, but the game is already long at 300 years.  You have to be careful in a trpg,  because things can get repetitive and tedious really quickly.  They did a great job of walking a tightrope that may have been impossible to get right, and I'm not sure the author realizes the benefits of the approach they did take.
Make more keeps until you have enough young people to pick and choose a little.  3-4 keeps seems like the right number.  The crucible is incredibly important.  I skipped the sagewrights.
Eh, guys last what, two or *maybe* three battles?  That's not very long, though I understand why.
I'd rather see most of the people kicked out of the command channels and be regulated to a command chat.  Brave regularly has issues with the FC getting so caught up in command chatter that it makes it really easy to ignore their fleet.  Communicating with your fleet shouldn't be a burden or something that you need to be reminded to do.  FCs should be part of their fleet first, and in command second.  I'm not blaming any individual FC for this.  I'm saying that your command channel culture needs to fucking change.  This isn't the first time a fleet has sat in silence for an hour, and if nothing changes (as is expected of Brave), it certainly won't be the last.
It'd be nice if someone could be sent back many exits asap to put up "exit now, all lanes blocked ahead" signs.
I mean, that IS what the shoulder is for.  Not necessarily the situations you proposed, but for parking temporarily out of the way of traffic when needed.  If the van was changing a flat tire or had the hood up, would that make it better?  Otherwise it'd just be another lane.  The shoulder is NOT another lane, and this is why.
Seems you got quite a few people.  All you have to do is make a good first sentence and follow it with a paragraph.
You know, this IS America.  We used to do the same kind of thing *without* putting tolls on it.  Thanks, Eisenhower.
It's only four fifths full of shit.  If you dig deep enough, there's a grain of truth at the bottom of his bullshit.  Mortality rates are higher for the elderly after the death of a spouse.  But it's not 100% as this guy makes it out to be.
And you're still being condescending with your "this is the internet" comment.  &gt;they will likely be dead within that year.   .  &gt;With the elderly, losing social connections can be a death sentence.  It's not the internet that is the problem here.  It's you.   Someone made the same point you were trying to make and has been upvoted.  I've tried to help you all I can.  We all make mistakes.  Now it's just a matter of if you choose to use it to better yourself.
&gt;"If developments continue along the lines of the Nordic countries with the poorest results so far, the employment rate and inequality in 2030 will be similar to France today.  OH MAN.  IF THINGS CONTINUE THIS WAY, THEY MIGHT BE ALMOST AS FUCKED AS WE ARE NOW.  ^(but probably not)
"Carry" alone is not a good reason to honor someone.
&gt; Also my honors are way more worth if I honor rarely  They're not.  They all have the same value.
It still sounds a lot like "People are afraid of nuclear, so they couldn't source RTGs".  No real need to differentiate between ESA and NASA.
Or just don't use Skype.  That'd go a long way.
Or stop using Skype.  There are better alternatives.
&gt;incredibly easy to get additional responsibility. It is incredibly difficult to get promoted  Sounds like one dude's grudge.  &gt;Overbearing control around brand perception can make some player-facing roles really unappealing.  Don't rage in games if you're a Rioter.  Good.  &gt;startup mentality where people think they can just call folks into a room/meeting  That really does help if you can do that.  I'm not a fan of full-time remoters.  I'd like everyone to be in the office at least two days a week.  Then again, I wouldn't put the office in SF.  I'd put it in the Midwest where things are cheap.  Chattanooga, TN sounds good.  People will move to work at Riot.  &gt;Hiring feels SLOW.  Good.  It's real easy to hire people.  It's real hard to fire them, and not just for legal reasons.  &gt;only alpha personalities are valued  You'll have that.  It can be mitigated my facilitation, definitely, and that should be a goal.  But generally, those who speak up are the ones who get heard.  **tl;dr Most of this stuff sounds like the natural consequence of many people working together.**
It's also not quite true.
Your entire system sucks for finding pugs for your group.  If you want to play as a team, you have to have a schedule, which isn't realistic for most people.  Finding a team is a hassle, even besides the schedule issue, and when you do, they'll be of vastly different skill level.  Even when I have 5 people, talking them into ranked fives is a pain, and making a team and inviting them is painful too.  Don't be so rigid on the teams, please.  Challenger series can work around this somehow.  You need the ranked fives queue to be more popular anyway.
Picking a champ and sticking to it when possible is right.  Don't let anyone tell you they've mastered 15 champs.  They haven't.  Mastering a champ means you know ~ 15 matchups intimately.  15 * 15 matchups is a ton of stuff to keep in your head.  And if you haven't played a matchup at least a dozen times, you haven't mastered it.  15 * 15 * 12 is a pretty unreasonable number of games for a beginner.  Have a main or two.  Be comfortable on a couple more.  Know the abilities of a couple more and know how to farm without feeding and you should be good.
It's not an unreachable goal.  It's just one we'd have to try for, which is more a matter of how much players care about it.  If the stretch goal were the replay system or a new client, I guarantee we'd hit it.  (Of course hiding functionality behind stretch goals would be bullshit.)
Decent OO doesn't use factories and doesn't have eight layers of abstraction.  I know we're swinging back towards functional programming, and that's probably good.  Bad functional is probably better than bad OO.  But OO will come back, just don't be ridiculous with how many layers of abstraction you use.  And I've **never** been happy to see a factory class in code.
WARNING:  the remainder of this thread is a huge tangent.  So here's the big thing where conservatives and socialists disagree, in my opinion.  Money and "the free market" is not a god-given system.  Left alone, capitalism naturally results in monopolies, investment (having money) being by far the best way to generate new capital, incredibly low social mobility, and coalescing wealth (and political power) in the hands of very few.  Pure capitalism left alone eventually leads to a nobility class, and essentially feudalism.  We're already working on wiping away the estate tax *which only takes effect after five million dollars*.  Capitalism is great, but it's a system designed mostly by man, and it's not perfect in every way.  Money *should be* a measure of what society owes a person.  Conservatives believe that to be true in and of itself, that money is that measure given by god, and don't recognize that it's a measure designed by man, fallible, and in need of adjustment/controls.
I don't think anyone will argue for New York's taxi medallion system.  To say that government is the cause of every barrier to entry is extremely foolish or disingenuous.
But... A laptop with dual graphics cards makes absolutely no sense.  Why is it not just a suitcase pc at that point?
Incredibly appropriate.  Politician speaks to very few people, tries to make it seem like he's speaking to everyone.
Heresy.  BURN THE WITCH!
Better to own it than to try to fight a term that clearly applies.  We tried not using liberal terms with Obama, and look what we got.  A moderate 1950s style Republican.
Eh, this one make sense.  So would tupac or rage against the machine.
Seems... salty.
They do, because that's a claim that the average, reasonable person would believe.  And I'm sure they will if you ask.
