That didn't amaze me. I'm amazed we got them to give us Wisler and pay BJ's contract.
&gt; Fans of Sabermetrics are largely like Tea Party members.....people who took a good idea way too far.  One uses numbers, logic, and try not to let their biases get in the way, and then there's the Tea Party...
Any segment of the population is going to do that, it's human nature. Who ever said Derek Jeter is the worst shortstop in the history of baseball, was going to say that anyways, with or without sabermetrics. That could be done with traditional stats too. Someone could replace dWAR and UZR with Fielding Percentage.
I know it falls under what you're talking about, but I have real doubts anyone will beat Ripken's record.
I'm weirded out by Tony La Russa bobblehead night.
I didn't understand why Dodgers fans were so sad to lose him, now I understand why.
I hope he's ok.
I think I'm most intrigued by their risk category. They list Matuella, Aiken, Hooper, and two other RHP as the riskiest players in the draft.
I guess this also means Peterson is in the long term plans for the team.
Cunningham's best case scenario is a 4th OF probably. I don't think Gosselin will be on this team for the long-term. Perhaps his future is trade-bait.
I hope it's Fredi G, but I think he'll go through the entirety of this year.
The Braves get their best draft in a while. Whitley likely becomes the best player in the draft. Brady Aiken does not pitch in the MLB ever.
I thought this was also the bold predictions thread. Aiken's medicals sound really bad.
Agree about the concerns. I think Theo and the Cubs' scouting team will get whoever they think will provide max value for them.
It'll be funny if he becomes Trout 2.0, and that many teams passed on him.
Not my favorite band, but the Rolling Stones.
I think they bought a handheld camera for the first season and then returned it.
I think this is the weirdest one. The trend of Aiken to the Dodgers sounds like a sure thing. Never heard Happ to the Braves.   EDIT: Feel like I'm spamming this sub, so I'm gonna just put this [here](http://www.baseball-reference.com/draft/2015-mlb-draft-preview.shtml).
I mean they are both good GMs, but I don't really see the comparison. Rizzo has almost double the money to work with. Their strategies seem quite different. I understand they both get good value, but the Nationals seem much more "stable" in comparison to the A's.
Not a fan of Tyler Stephenson.
Probably won't impact him too much. Just interesting drama the day before the draft.
Imagine the shit storm if it was Rodgers or Tate.
Well that was fun! I thought their would be a lot of time leftover with no hardware, I was wrong.
I doubt it. Don't think he'll get any more money this time around, if he wants even a chance to play he has to do it now. Whoever signs him will have a lot of leverage.
I think Happ is likely if they Reds don't take him.
Oh shit now I do want him to get to the Braves!
Exactly! Never go cheap in draft, we've seen how teams suffer when they do.
Knew they'd take Tucker.
Take him I don't want him to go to the Braves.
Yeah but as a deal to save money on other picks.
Rays just got the best player.
He was the best player available.
Holy shit that's the explosive pick.
Probably on par to Fried if not better.
Think the Braves will take Chalmers or Everett for pick 28. Though Hayes would be cool too.   EDIT: Forgot Russell.
Damn wanted him for #28.
Braves might take Mike Soroka RHP don't know anything about him.
Braves will take Mike Soroka for pick #28
Pick #75 is LHP AJ Minter
As long as they are consistent and no more ump shows.
Braves certainly have some puzzling picks so far.
I like Allard and Herbert (after looking more into him). I'm ok with the Soroka pick. Austin Riley and Guardado are weird to me, figured they'd be all over Everett.
FUCK he was a pick I really wanted Atlanta to take.
Probably will be a much better player than Graham.
Well I like Allard and Herbert. Not really a fan of the other picks, though Soroka seems like the type of guy to have low expectations and come out of nowhere and dominate.
Yep, because one brawl 31 years ago is clear evidence that Braves fans are idiots.
What did the Braves do to you?
* While I don't agree, at least that's understandable. * I don't think the Braves are going to hit Justin Upton who a lot of the remaining players are still friends with intentionally * It's been 31 years.
He needs to cultivate more mass.
True, though I think they could have waited until he got released.
