I always thought it was ppl making shit up on the internet trying to low-key say their dick was real big
Cavs are in the east though. With Lebron they are guaranteed to make the ECF if not the finals every year  Even without Lebron, a kyrie and love led team would be a high seed in the east most probably. OKC lost KD, still had Westbrook putting up insane numbers, and didn't even make the playoffs
He's good
This reminds me of The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. All the champions of the past recalled one more to fight to death one more time, some clearly stronger than others yet each are champions in their own right.  In a sense it is a bit unfair to pit them against each other. These are the teams clearly best against their contemporaries during their time and should be respected as such.... But it's still fun to think about
People always underestimate Detroit in general.
Probably the clippers. But why go west when he has almost guaranteed final entry in the east
It's really not that difficult
I'm all for celebrating a win and what not but sportsmanship is the cornerstone of well, sports. It's alright to be happy about your own achievements but no reason to bash the other team (IMO)
A souped up 12" MB with Touch ID, a better FaceTime camera, a touchscreen. I'd buy that first day.
Please don't buy a 15" for college. You will learn to value a smaller footprint (tiny desks in lecture halls) and optimized battery life over the 2" screen space and any performance gains.
Isn't it the nature of technology to advance? 4 years is a long time in the tech world- I'm glad that the new computer has improved compared to the previous model. That's all well and good, but it is expected.  Macs back when they were first introduced were 2.5k+. Even iPods today are infinitely more capable machines- should they be priced higher?
6 no question. 5S will be even older come September. 6 is much better looking too IMO.  Cloud solutions exist to get over the 16gb limit. Google photos has been a boon
Could you imagine 97/98 Sachin in the 2015 WC?? *shudders* would've had multiple double hundreds
BJ showed great maturity last year. At the beginning of the season he said he would come off the bench for DJ Augustin if that's what management wanted him to do.
Come to Detroit Danny!!
Fuck the cavs!!   (Go Pistons!)
All star and one of the best defensive bigs in the game, a crucial price to a contending team ...to a player that just exists. How quickly things change
Dude Dipo is a baller... I would try my best to keep him
Kobe would too
he got fined and has been warned. that should be that. banning would be very OTT.
warriors color scheme is too perfect
The thing with Apple is that we know it will be priced a bit too high. I'm guessing in the 100$+ range
God I love Rahul Dravid so so so much
I'm alright with Aamir being back but don't want to see Butt anywhere close to the cricket pitch again
Threw him under the bus? butt literally ruined his career. Akram level talent gone to waste
i half expected him to get super angry and death stare whoever did it
Lmaooo everyone here has a chip the size of Michigan on their shoulder I love it
Be a Pistons fan!!
TRUST IT!
totally opposite to my view. T20 is best served in franchise format. watching countries go at it in T20 just doesnt have the same flavor for me. Maybe its because I like seeing up and coming players alongside international stars, or established cricketers from the same country go head to head against each other  and always like the concept of playing for something (tournament) vs a boring bilateral series. t20 series are the worst
I don't know man, this sub has gone crazy with down votes lately. Even if one offers a different perspective on the matter they are down voted to hell.   Doesn't make for very stimulating conversation when only things people agree upon are visible
I like the effect, adds to the nonchalance of the situation
Rondo is def the worst pick IMO
How are you going to build a team around a PG who struggles to shoot in this day and age
I LOVE oladipo. Would def be extra hype if he came to the D
Fans in Michigan are kind of weird in the sense that we really seem to hop on the bandwagon of a lot of players that fucked us up in the mid 00s. Wade, Lebron etc a lot more popular for the casual fan than any piston. I don't really blame them but actively rooting for the opposition side when playing the Pistons is just messed up!
Don't get me wrong I definitely agree with you. I just think that it may reach a stage where people are so good at 3s that the inside game will totally go away. I think it'll be like one of those debates like raising the goal up to 12ft, talked about probably never executed
We will never sign a big name FA. Challenges of being in a small market
He should go back to GSW as a big FUCK YOU to the cavs
He can do both... Finish out the year as an assistant at GSW, win a ring, and come back to the timbs for more next year
I wonder if we had Raina some of the other matches would've gone our way
The "Aussie way" of catching skyers above your chest is something I will never understand. Indians have adopted it too which really bugs me
Isn't the ball much more likely to put out though? Think about it... Your palm is flat and it can easily just roll down if you don't get it 100% right. Whereas a cupped hand is a whole lot tougher to drop
How's tdot any better than chicago or NY? I feel like there's little difference among these large, international cities when it comes to food
I think Steph, at this point in his career, is simply unguardable.
Prime boozer was pretty damn good though
Tropical country plus a billion people... The healthcare system is actually pretty good TBH it's just hard to manage so many people
they (like lebron at this point in his life) have pretty much gotten everything go their way for as long as they can remember.
Umpire disbelief is the best part
Brett was a fucking beast during the 2003 WC.
