..... no. Do not want for that purpose. Other, nefarious things? maybe. That? no.
Yes it does. It can exist, so that people not of that time can look at it, and hopefully go: Back then, those people felt this way. But there are other ways to be, better ways to be. We have changed for the better, this art tells me that. If we destroy it all, if we erase all the hurtful words and ugly pictures that have ideas we don't like, how can the future look at the past and see this?
Op stating that they have Autism just helps to frame that they don't handle contact and conflict outside of their comfort zone well. It was information that was relevant to the story, as the kids violated OPs personal space.
Thank you, that's what I wanted to say but didn't have the information/facts to.
This is going to sound odd but the thought of nice little old ladies enjoying the company of kittens is a beautiful thought. XD
ohhh I'm gonna try it your way, that sounds amazing.
Ahhh so cheesy good hahah
I think that qualifies as an instant 'kill me now please' scenario imo
I voted dem that day. I was out voted : /
'think of the children' probably got this man killed when we don't even know what his deal was. That's a scary attitude.
It was highly likely a false positive. There's probably a lot of substances that trick the scanner.
'Grope those other people just not us!'   Asshole.
It is. Running from the cops is dumb. Fighting the cops is dumb. But there were more of them than him, he only had the vest and the air soft gun, and there was no way he did anything remotely justifying deadly force. I added my edit after reading the article more to show that I had read it and not just commenting on the headline. Either way, this is pathetic on the cops part. Man broke a couple laws, but nothing they shoulda been 'fearing their lives' about.
But no brain
The ag-gag laws disgust me. They got passed recently in NC, and I just hate it.
with certain preparation and cooking methods they would be but the average person wouldn't go to that effort/wouldn't know
Not really ocd but very meticulous and beautiful in its own way.
That is so heart warming and sweet :3
What's so sad about it, is that America as a country doesn't have as much of a rich, documented history as other places. And incidents like this just destroy and undermine what history we do have. There's plenty of rocks in other places.
the news the other night said you had betters odds of getting struck by lightning WHILE drowning than winning. Which I was amused by.
I look at it like South Park: Everything is equally fair game!
Oh I agree, overweight critters need help. Sometimes people just don't make clear enough distinctions in their speech and I wonder if the person who said 'fat cat problems' meant their animal is truly overweight or was just talking about having a 'large' cat.
Jakku? That place is garbage!
the ports make me cry sad tears of sadness. Sad. Tears. Sadness.
There's no right or wrong answer here. Some people would 'step up' and do it, some can't or won't.
*heavy breathing* /s  Yea that's so weird... does no one think they're sharing with paedos or something? Or that people without scruples wouldn't use the pics for nefarious things?
the people that make the game look pretty are not the same people that work on npc/player interactions, quests, and mechanics especially in places like Bethesda with large enough staff to have different people handle everything. We can have it all if they would try to give it to us, but they want to streamline it instead.   I'm not a published gamemaker but I've studied the industry and am educated in game design. Even if I weren't, anyone can look at anything with a critical eye and say what does or doesn't work and give feedback without being a whiny snot about it and be helpful and productive to the community.
I think the baby and the mom's foreheads make contact and you see who has the harder head.
That sounds so nice and awesome. I wish dealers and manufactures in the US did that.
Blizz only released that patch because they knew I started playing Grim Dawn /grumbles  Stop stalking me blizzy!
I never played a lot of megaman, but I knew just enough to immediately go: huh, that's megaman sounding XD
a d3 mmo would be interesting, but it won't happen.   But in the realm of dreaming: Yea, a M rated-gritty, grim, game that fleshes out chars, maybe has humans, and some weaker-than-their-normal kinds of races to be (I like choices other than human but that's just me) like maybe lesser angel, lesser demon, ect. You can follow the named Class Characters from D3 per Heroes of the Storm, Diablo/Demons or whatever the remnants of the angels are up to as factions, but all races get to choose.
Oh that's a good point too! If its in an mmo, its gonna be sexualized. Even the little tarutaru kid looking things from Final Fantasy 11/14 get that treatment (I Noped out of that corner of the internet when I stumbled into it @__@)
well its probably heavy so you could whack his head with it?
Cancer, stop taking great people at 69. Do it at 96. NO WAIT.... do it at like 106. 136. Never?   I'm just.... worried about Betty White now D:
that was my thought too. I quite like the idea.
I get what you mean :) I think dragon is fine, if you looked at a skeleton of it, it would look very similar to a standard type dragon save for the head honestly. Just feathering a dragon can change the look of it a lot, and I think its really cool to have feathery types too! Reminds me of a dragon drawing book I saw once that had scaly, feathery, and poofy furry dragons and it was very interesting to see them all contrasted.
That better kill me because if I knew who did it, I'd kill them if I were alive. Having said that, I'd come back to haunt them until they died unless they were also immortal.
I want to hug the both of them! The black one has such piercing eyes and the Belgian looking breed in the back is just so fluffy.
Some people should never reproduce. He obviously proved to be one as he let a flaky teen girl sway him to allegedly kill his own son. The article stats he was jealous over the kid as well.  Unfortunate the mother didn't get a chance to keep her son or anything, but she hasn't spoken up so we don't know her end of the situation it seems. (as far as their arrangements before hand and such)
I love the Belgian breeds I just get them mixed up XD Shepard; the m one and there's one more?  But I love the dogs like that, they're so pretty and have such character!
That's a really neat effect! I love it XD
Wow. If the person that wrote this walked up to me and said all that, I don't think I'd be able to not react unpleasantly. Or I'd sincerely wish someone would stuff a tube up his arse and let a wild pack of beavers chew out his rectum.
Its lovely and sums it all up pretty damn good! And the background is quite interesting too. The only issue I have with the background is that in a very few places the white text and the beige color kinda blend a little and makes parts of it harder to read but that's just a really nit picky thing.
I'd crawl in it to make a point. Well, in theory. In practice I would con another adult to lol.
I think there's two types of millennials: normal people and people that try to exemplify the short comings of of their generation. I'm the former and loathe the latter.
Right? It feels weird. Full cgi movie would have been amazing.
But but... cosmic rays is how you get super powers :S
Why not both? ;)
Maybe no one can spell her name the same way and that's why? I only say that because it could be the reason.
