If the latter lasts more than 4 hours believe you need to see a doctor.
Opinion.
Never a good sign.
Really, the governor that's going to kill actually useful transit projects is now going to build a freaking Maglev?
&gt; how do you plan on securing your new nation?  I wouldn't worry, the Balkans have a long history of safety, security, and mutual cooperation.
I'd be willing to bet Clinton has gotten more than one blowjob behind a tree. It seems like something he'd do.
So you're saying he's a politician?
Well, he already thinks you slept with her, might as well go for it at this point. Nothing to lose.
A crowded outfield combined with a slump and I'd give it way better odds he ends up back in AAA than bounces back.
a) It tastes like eating shit and b) large, and even moderate, quantities will make you sick, it's why people spit while using chewing tobacco.
He's obviously (or at least feels he is) two wins better than a replacement level poster.
Technically I believe he was still cooking amateur quantities when he way paying his hospital bills and only turned to the industrial quantities once his hubris and greed started to get the better of him.
It's just Rob McElhenney in blackface.
&gt; brothers with the guy who invented Gold Fish.  So not only are you admitting he's the brother God, but you don't believe the brother of the all-powerful creator of Heaven and Earth is capable of being all those things at once?
You bet your god-damn ass he did! Also minorities, old people, jews, non-STEM majors, and the disabled.
Now if I just had 35 quintillion Zimbabwean dollars, I'd be a millionaire again.
Speak for yourself.
What''s the deal with female detectives on TV/Movies constantly wearing high heels on duty, is that really a thing?
Except fondant.
Where is this heaven?   Unless it's Arizona, then I rescind the heaven part.
Not even a rumor. Pure speculation.
It's Ruben Amaro Jr., so both of them plus two or three other top 10 prospects. This is never, ever going to happen.
And minorities. Everyone hates dirty, welfare using minorities too lazy to use their own bootstraps.
They're not the pure incarnation of evil.
Judging by the rest of his outfit, probably the $5.99 special ones from Wal-mart.
Amen! The dreams of the 90s doesn't have to only live in Portland, we have the power to bring the good ones back forever. Vote Bush 2016!
A Rottweiler doesn't seem like the type you'd want to pair with a big cat though.
The Examiner is shit. I've said it before but it's only for people who want a right-wing DC based news source but feel the Washington Times is too sympathetic to communists and baby-murderers.  The story may be true, the source is junk.
And you went with Firefly Monopoly, of all things?  Firefly: The Game is actually pretty decent. It even replicates the feel of the show.
Well he was from the desert, so I'd assume he'd probably have a US Army armored humvee with a .50 caliber machine gun mounted on the back.
Only if you only prosecute false rape accusations and female-on-male domestic violence. Otherwise you won't be welcome on all the best subreddits.
Michael Bay would be proud.
Eh...I'm not worried yet. There's still the mentally ill, Hispanics, Middle Easterners, Indians, Native Americans, East Asians, the disabled, non-evangelical Christians, the poor, and all women to go before they get to me.
Haha...how can they be so stupid. I mean 59% really don't believe that? Come on people!
&gt; For all you know, he maybe not even be in Canada.  So you're saying it worked out well for him after all.
God-damn commies! Does anyone really want to live in a world where you can't get a dirt cheap flavored sugar-water?
&gt; off-putting.  I think you meant classy there, but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume English isn't your first language.
Well if you want to get racist about it I'm sure there's a bunch of fatherless minority jokes.
But how will people know how outraged I am at reddit for banning mah free speech if I don't return and tell everyone?
2000% looks good on a label. It's how the ill-informed know it's powerful stuff loaded with energy.
NIMBYs will kill elevated rail in about 5 seconds, look at all the problems they've had in Canton with just street level and a short elevated section. They're insanely loud and sometimes rattle nearby windows and rooms, provide a dark, scary place for an unwanted element to congregate under, and are an eyesore that can often be seen for several blocks.
Glitter lung is real, people. Don't ignore the symptoms even if it's all on the ground.
It's having a hard enough time standing on a slight slope, I don't think it's ready for trees yet.
One could even say granny is gushing.
Does being on the Polish side in WW2 really count as fighting?   (A joke - yes, I know the Poles actually fought quite a bit, both at home and abroad, after being overrun by Germany).
Oh fuck, the Brain Slugs are here and they don't look like slugs at all. Heaven save us.
Prison guard is the job you get when you finally come to the realization that you've screwed your life up and desperately need a reliable 30k a year. It's a shitty, dangerous job with bad hours and therefore doesn't attract a very high caliber of employee. Most prison guards are probably lucky they didn't wind up in jail themselves at some point in their life.
Actually I'm pretty sure that was the most coherant portion of his rant.
Is it really worth it if there's no chance of seeing a dude pretending his penis is the trunk of the elephant cardboard cutout he is wearing?
Anesthesiologist would have made more sense.
