Hell yes. It's fun to be hated for your team's greatness.
1-4 are excellent. 5 and 6 are fine (though not the best), and 7 is also very good (on par with the first four). 8 is one of the worst final seasons ever though, and at that point it's almost worth watching for the comic relief (seriously, you'll laugh at the absurdity of it at points - the treadmill! the tire slashing! - and it's almost an unintentional self-parody).
&gt;Nobody said it was the best pizza in the world   Good thing we also have that! Whether you accept that NY pizza is the best or you're a heathen that prefers Chicago style, they're both better than pizza elsewhere.
&gt; a good cut off point is where the fetus could live outside the womb  There are plenty of already-born people who cannot function outside the womb without being dependent on others; what (if anything) makes it okay to kill a fetus that possesses this trait but not an already-born person who similarly needs help to survive? Assume we're talking about someone that doesn't have conscious thought (such as someone in a coma or otherwise incapacitated).
&gt; Anti-life isn't accurate to describe pro-choice: you can be pro-choice and against abortion  How so? If you support people being able to freely and legally choose abortions, you are supporting the legal status of abortion and inherently supporting the destruction of fetuses and the termination/pre-emption (depends whether you think they're already alive) of life.
From what I understand the new one is vastly inferior to SC 4.
I thought Cars 2 was the real villain in Cars 2.
Bad example though because that job won't exist in 5-10 years. (There are plenty of alternatives though.)
I much prefer the Velvet Revolver version.
Maybe not in 5, but I would be very surprised if it wasn't significantly reshaping the logistics industry within the next decade.
Stamkos+Eichel would be insane.
Please don't repeat this nonsense and go read the fucking tax code.
You know who else had the power to immediately change the fact that they're unequal and does not? You.  By nature of the fact that you (1) have access to a computer and the internet, and (2) have the free time to browse and comment on Reddit, you are inherently better-off than many millions of people around the world. You *could* choose to give some (or, if you already give some, as she undoubtedly does, to give even more) of your resources to others, but you choose not to. It's perfectly fine to make that choice, but don't be hypocritical yourself while asserting that another person is a hypocrite.
You're right, actually, though I suspect he does believe she should give her money away (and he seems to believe in a number of conspiracy theories regarding the Rothschild family anyway - see his references to fixing gold prices and the Council on Foreign Relations).
Lightning, especially because /r/hockey is already drooling over how the Blackhawks are already a "dynasty" (with only two Cups in five years instead of the usual four straight). They're diluting the meaning of the term "dynasty" (if the Kings win the Cup next year, does that mean there were two simultaneous dynasties?!) and I think there's still some chance of salvaging it if the Lightning win this year to stop the Hawks at 2.
Don't ever put all of your money in one stock...
Fair point. The way it worked out though (with us not getting anything out of those drafts - just Luongo, who we quickly traded) it would have been better to have either Sakic or Forsberg.
&gt; She's the most qualified and electable candidate.   Do you mean in the Democratic field or out of all of the candidates? I fail to see how she's so clearly more qualified than people who've been state governors for more than a decade (Rick Perry, Mike Huckabee), for example. She spent a little over 1 term as a senator (not in leadership, and didn't pass any major legislation) and then 4 years as Secretary of State (with mixed results). I'm not saying that she's *un*qualified, but she's certainly not far-and-away the most qualified candidate, no matter how much the media has been trying to imply that.
I don't think he said that. The Obama administration has been *partially* responsible, but I don't think anyone seriously believes it is 100% their fault. As with most complex global developments, its origins are complex and aren't any one individual person's fault.
How could you possibly interpret my comment to mean anything of the sort? I explicitly said that "I could explain my position [which, in case you didn't know, means 'my opinion'] on the matter, but I'll let these guys do it," at which point I linked some opinion pieces I agree with.
I certainly do understand what a genuine trigger is. The point is that SJWs are trying to ascribe trigger warnings to things that don't actually require trigger warnings but whose audiences they wish to limit. In **most** cases, the things SJWs are calling "triggering" are merely disagreeable and perhaps offensive. Generally, they are not calling for trigger warnings in response to specific and articulable incidents of people's PTSD being triggered. They're asserting that something they find offensive *might* trigger someone and therefore that that thing should be preceded with a warning to discourage people from reading or listening to it.  In the case of something genuinely being triggering to a substantial number of people (yes, the word "substantial" needs to be defined in a policy context), I don't have a problem with a simple label saying that something will contain extreme violence. The issue arises when SJWs protest and affix trigger labels to things whose content are already generally known or easily discoverable inadvance. Though most SJW trigger activism is focused on sexual violence, I'll use another kind of example (which could be about any kind of potential trigger but I'll use a war one). A movie about the Iraq War is obviously going to be triggering to an Iraq veteran with severe PTSD, and even if it isn't there are MPAA ratings that will say what to expect. That's enough, and there's no need for a dozen SJWs to stand in front of the theater with picket signs.
Jeb Bush had a bad week where he made a couple of admittedly-big blunders, but you're dismissing Hillary's email scandal and foreign donations scandal. Both of those are pretty big deals, even if they likely won't cost her the nomination. Even if I did initially like her, those would be huge red flags for me and I would not support a candidate with such a clear pattern of deceit and manipulation. You can't really point to Bush's week of blunders as a sign of his weakness and then not even mention Hillary's problems.  I do agree though that Jeb will suffer from his last name unless Obama really screws up in the next year (thereby continuing to [improve W's polling numbers, especially relative to Obama](http://www.politico.com/story/2015/06/poll-george-w-bush-popularity-obama-popularity-118576.html)).
Better still:  NEARLY THREE IN FOUR AMERICANS WANT VEHICULAR ANARCHY!
Sorry, didn't mean for that to sound like a criticism of you, it's my criticism of that part of the video. Sure, it's great that old cities have churches on their skylines, but there's nothing wrong with similarly elevating our most prominent and important companies to that status today. The economy is the driving force of our society today (at least in the US), and it seems very fitting to me that the tallest building in the country is the World Trade Center - because that's literally what we are.
Yeah seriously. If the Kings win next year, does that mean we had two simultaneous dynasties?! That seems like it defeats the whole purpose to me - a dynasty means you're unquestionably the best team in the league for at least four consecutive years.
Did you know Messier is literally Hitler?
"Verbally assault" is  pretty strong way of phrasing it... I'd say it's closer to "overemphasize."
Okay but plenty of other people have been saying that they might even be a dynasty already, even if they don't win this year. As a fellow fan of a dynasty team, surely you understand my frustration.
You and I literally could not possibly disagree more on every single point of that.
It's a good thing they're not - they'd probably get someone killed!
Bill Gates is doing a damn good job of eradicating malaria and polio in the developing world, far better than any government has been able to do. Charities can be much more efficient than governments, and morally I'm much more supportive of voluntarily giving my money to a specific cause I support (and to a specific efficient and effective charity) rather than having my money taken from me to be wasted away in all kinds of inefficient ways on causes I may not even care about (or may even be opposed to).
Also, most of us wouldn't think twice of spending $7 on a beer at a bar. Why are we so stingy with literally pennies on Steam? Is it so people can amass 500+ game libraries? Because that's absurd anyway.
Yeah, Vinny has a hell of a lot more goals in the Cup Final after all!
If you two do the same job, he's making at least double what you are, so there's that too.
But everyone also has a phone and the cameras are even better on those while taking up a less obnoxious amount of space!
I think you mean the "if there was an expansion draft, what would you do?" and "If your team was a mailbox, what color would it be?" posts.
If "whack" means "awesome," then yes.
Tell her I'd like my money back.
Have you been on Reddit before? There's always an active attempt to make Republicans look bad - literally look at /r/politics at any given moment.
Things aren't illegal because they "serve no societal purpose." That's insane. Things are illegal when they *actively harm* society, not merely when they fail to benefit it. I do not want to live in a world where the only things that are legal are those which "serve societal purposes" (however vaguely defined those may be).   And no, this isn't just a semantic point. It's a fundamental difference in thinking, about whether freedom or "social welfare" (again, whoever defines that and quantifies it) ought to determine our laws.
I don't disagree with most of that, but I don't see the difference between putting a statue in a museum and in a plaza/quad. Would you not say that a statue of someone in a major museum would be honoring that person?
Really? Wow, I guess I underestimated the price of a gym. I once did a 30-day trial of NYSC for $30 and was happy with it, and I'd gladly pay that for it if it didn't have these fees (as well as some [terrible customer services reviews](http://www.consumeraffairs.com/health_clubs/ny_sports_club.html)). This is only for two months and I'm not a serious gym-goer anyway so I guess I may have to do that for now.   EDIT: Just looked it up and it's only $10 a month! Why isn't there something in between the shitty $10/month gym and a $40+/month gym?
Not really - it's a comfortable middle-class living in most places though (maybe upper-middle class in some areas), which contrasts very strongly with &lt;$10k (which is dirt-poor, literally below the poverty line) as a hooker.
True, though realistically any beach is going to be crowded.
I predict a serious decrease in the number of developers willing to build subsidized housing units. You have to build 20% of your units as subsidized ones in order to qualify for the tax breaks. Most people (bankers, lawyers, doctors, consultants, etc...) paying market rate for high-end housing do not want to share elevators and lounge areas with poor people. Most people in general want to live and hang out with people that are like them, who share common interests and lifestyles, and the rich are no different.   All this will do is reduce the number of new subsidized housing units built in Manhattan and prevent poor people from being able to live in safer areas with better public services. Typical misguided De Blasio policy.
As far as the government should be concerned? Yes it is. You and I don't have to choose to do that in our own lives, but why should the government be concerned about the spiritual/romantic aspects of our marriages?
Exactly. People are outraged over the idea of rich people and poor people living parallel existences within one physical structure, but no one questions rich people and poor people living parallel existences in separate physical structures separated by many blocks/miles (and with vastly different safety and neighborhood situations). It's a knee-jerk reaction to something that is perfectly reasonable. Frankly I don't even support subsidized housing anyway, so I think it's especially ridiculous for people to complain that their scheme to force rich and poor people to live together and completely subsidize an incredible housing situation for poor people (luxurious amenities spaces including lounges, gyms, pools, etc...) only partially worked.
I'll sort of agree with that, but at the same time "promoting" does not mean "promoting to the exclusion of." Surely you don't want gay people staying in the closet and marrying straight women to reproduce. I agree with promoting stable monogamous couples and nuclear families, but I don't see what you propose doing with all the gay people that are by definition left out of that system.
Sanders can win in Vermont because Vermont is weird, politically. He sure as hell won't help a centrist like Clinton win in states like Ohio, Virginia, Florida, etc...
Are you fucking kidding me, Doc?!
