A religious person will give you reasons (a sense of purpose, a desire of belonging, etc.), but those reasons won't resonant with the non-religious that don't accept them as "rational" reasons.
Why is a simple belief in God so stupid to you? What justification do you have against a spiritual figure that create the world and watches over us? You need justification or by your own logic you are stupid.   And don't convolute my question of "God's existence" with the written word of the Bible or the actions of religious people. The "Bing bang" could be God's doing. Evolution could be God's doing. The bible could be just stories. Etc..   You say believing in God is unjustified, you tell me how the belief in not a God is? And yes, not believing in something is still having a belief that something is true (in this case that God doesn't exist).
He only pointed out things he thought made Rand Paul crazy with no explanation himself except shitty articles.  And I'm not dismissing his points because they are opinions. I even addressed many of his points, so I have no idea how you think that's dismissive. I was just saying that many of these things are simply opinion on one side of the other. You can disagree with it, but many of them don't make a person "crazy".  What are the "people being treated like shit" and "evil actions" you think Rand supports?
No it isn't. I think you'd be surprised on how many people are against mandatory vaccines. What system?, the one we have now where they aren't mandatory?  The MASSIVE CONSENSUS is that the CO2 we produce effects the climate. Which Rand agrees with. What is the consensus on how much?
I can accept reasons. I can't accept plain opinions. In politics, if you have an opinion you should be able to explain WHY you have that opinion. That's what I'd like to know from you and what I wanted to share with you. But you seem to refuse to want to go into detail about these issues.  I'm sorry I actually like to understand WHY you believe what you believe by explaining to you what I believe and why. That leaves it open for you to say "I disagree, I think this will actually do this" or "I hold this belief because this".  Many positions are going to be idelogically different, so I understand that we will disagree even with understanding one another. By that's not an excuse to not discuss.
I'm sorry, but can someone tell me why you all are SO opposed to a 20-week ban on abortion (with no exception for rape on incest)?  I mean, do you support it being legal that a woman can have an abortion the day before she is due to deliver? If yes, i guess I understand the principle behind your belief, but it still sounds bad to me. If no, where is your line and why isn't it at 20-weeks?  (I support exceptions for health concerns, so please don't use that as reasoning)
Of course they do. Do Democrats not understand that part of the of fear from Republicans of passing Obamacare in the first place was that it would be nearly impossible to get rid of?  I'm sorry that I find that the government requiring their citizens to purchase something from a private company should not be allowed. But hey, let's continue the corrupt relationship between corporations and government.
&gt; For every taxpayer dollar spent on the University of Wisconsin-Madison, the university generates $24 for the state economy, according to a new consultant's report.  Please explain to me how this is in anyway a statistic worth anything.  So for every dollar increase we should see a $24 return? No, one can not assume that and it would be stupid to.  What about for every dollar *decrease*? One can't assume we would lose the return in that instance either. Or do we, and just throw out logic?
Fine, I can jump back into my condescending tone too.  First off, your first link shows absolutely nothing about funding cuts. The graph doesn't mean that lower state revenue leads to higher tuition. I know enough about "math" to be able to comprehend a fucking statistical graph. The only thing that graph shows is that tuition revenue has increased at a faster rate than revenue from the state. (or its decreased at a slower rate than state revenue, but we know thats not the case). We would need either the actual numbers from those two points in time of either tution revenue or state revenue and then we could find out the other. But since we currently don't know either, the graph is fucking pointless to your point.   Your inclusion of this graph puts doubt in my mind that you have any idea of what you are talking about. But I'll proceed.  Your second link, I will need to time to look over. It is quite lengthy.  &gt; Not the fact that the university system provides current research and benefits the economy as was explained at length?  I expressed my agreement with you that there are benefits universities provide in my previous reply. I'm simply asking if a decrease in funding with reduce that benefit at a worse return.   &gt; I can't put credence in some claim of a "multitude" of studies for which historically no data actually exists.  There are tons of studies that show throwing money at education, doesn't correlate to a higher educational benefit. Many come from liberal sources, if you doubt a bias. I'm not saying there aren't other studies saying the opposite, but it makes me question what is truth. You seem to think you know what is truth, so I was hoping for a better explanation from you while providing some evidence.  &gt; Is it really  too hard to look at history and economics and math - at how hard this is making it for students?  At how they go into life at a disadvantage without a job?  Is it really too hard to look at history and economics and math and realize that subsidizing shit only increases prices? Thanks to the fucking student loan shit we gone through, tuition costs are through the roof. Increasing the perceived money supply, will raise costs. I'm sorry our government is incompetent.  And again, I'm not saying any thing bad about the benefits of college. I'm asking if we can reduce some of the waste that fills the universities. You seem to think there is none. I disagree.  &gt; I really don't believe it. Do you need to have the math explained? Or what happens to the individual student?  What math? The state funding cuts come with a 2 year tuition freeze. That won't last, but it's an incentive to find cuts elsewhere in the meantime.   &gt; Or the detriment to the State of Wisconsin or any other state?  You're still just spreading fear about what will happen with nothing to back it up. I asked a question in hopes you would educate me, but you've been unable to do that. (possibly in lengthy link?)  &gt; I'm not trying to be funny.   We know that Scott Walker is trying to kill the university and I'm not about to play some "game" over it.  Again, just bs talk.  And again, your inability to comprehend that simple graph, shows that you have no idea what you are talking about.
&gt; Good idea.  Do you realize that for every $1 in state spending on U. Wisconsin, the state gets many times (more than 5 times) that back in economic value?   Time to change for the good of the nation.  No more "ideological" policy instead of solid economic policy, huh?  Stop presenting statistics that have an agenda. Does this means that we can increase state spending by $1 trillion and it will make $5 trillion back in economic value? No, so it's a bs statistic to say it that way. Its presented that way to only make people thing spending is good, but it doesn't actually say anything about why or how or anything that's actually informative.
&gt; Find whatever flaws you want in them.  Presenting an impossible edge case doesn't disprove what they say.  I never said they were false or that we should ignore it. But that the PRESENTATION of the numbers makes people believe "more money = better outcome" But that isn't necessarily true. That's my point. We don't know what an increase would do and we don't know what a decrease would do as that statement doesn't actually provide that. It only explains what the current numbers are. But instead of saying "this much funding, this much benefit" it's presented as "this much funding will have this much benefit". So it's not a fair presentation of the  data.  &gt; While I could,  at a more detailed level, using news articles, it is simple to show that when state budgets are cut, the choice has been to raise tuition which means it isn't "correlation" but "causation" I would rather emphasize a more mathematical and logical way of learning about it.  I'll agree with you that it has been the trend. But it doesn't demand it. Its only the case because colleges are dealing with inelastic demand, so no shit that they will just increase prices when they are hit with lower revenue. But they could instead of raising prices, reduce costs. They current market doesn't favor this. BUT that is the reason why the Wisconsin state funding cut came with a tuition freeze. This forcing the colleges to actually make cuts else where. Will they still raise tuition after the freeze is over? Of course. They would have done that anyway.   We need to work at reducing tuition. We also need to reduce the waste in colleges. The amount of money spent on faculty is outrageously high. You seem to think otherwise. That seems to be why we differ so widely on this.  &gt; My "agenda" is simply to present straight forward facts and there is no "agenda" contained within the facts.  Or the math or the statistics which are simple and straight forward.  They are simply called evidence.  If you can deal with the evidence fine. If you can't fine.   If you've every studied statistics, you should know that they can be used to pretty much say anything. They mislead the public all the time with how they are presented.   &gt; The "infinity" edge case.  Not playing.  Stop ignoring it. Its purpose is to ask you to JUSTIFY the funding. Not that current funding is doing well, but to EXPLAIN WHY an increase in funding will provide benefit and why that benefit doesn't (or does) continue with the increase in funding. What is the point of diminishing return? Are we at it currently, so funding shouldn't be increased? If not, WHY NOT? Are we already past it? We're we making $30 in benefit for every $1 instead of $24 when state funding was even lower? If not, WHY NOT (provide historical numbers that actualot back this up)?  &gt; UW-Madison, UW Hospitals and Clinics and the university's affiliated organizations and startup companies together support 193,310 Wisconsin jobs and generate more than $847.5 million in state and local tax revenue, according to the new report. That's up from 128,146 jobs and $614 million in tax revenue the last time a similar study was done by the same consultant in 2011.  This is missing your biggest variable. What was the AMOUNT OF STATE FUNDING at each of these points? You are saying more state funding provides these benefits. So why would you exclude what the amount of state funding was?
&gt; Population size wouldn't matter after all a larger population size means a larger tax base as well as a larger patient base, in theory they would balance out with the right taxation system.  Well it would rely on if the outcomes of revenue from the tax payer and the costs of the hospital care would remain a constant ratio. So in theory you are right, but I don't really see it playing out that way for America.  &gt; As far as health habits go, in the US we go to the doctors less because of costs so if that keeps up under single payer it would actually be cheaper.  First, I don't see that remaining constant. Second, that doesn't really address my point. Our health habits (obesity, etc.) lead to more money being needed to be spent on health care. Even if we visit less, the procedures and care done cost more.  But these were just small points of what I was discussing. And they were meant as things we need to consider, not necessarily things against any system.
HOW? In what way?   This is where disagreements come. Can we stop circlejerking around the same statements and actually discuss WHAT specifically we want the new rules to be?
I still don't agree that he is wrong. It doesn't matter what "other first world countries" say. It matters what our Constitution says. And the "rights" that is gave us are not dependent on other people. They are "rights" that are protected, that say the government can not take away those rights. We are in a sense "born" with these rights.  I understand how other people can have different definitions of the word right. But according to our Constitution as it is currently laid out, it doesn't seem to lend to the idea that health care is a right. And as Rand is a bit of a liberty/constitution freak, it's not at all opposed to his ideals.  So I don't think you can say he is objectively wrong on this.
Sure, what you explain is what happens. When people become doctors they take their "Hippocratic oath" and they should understand that they are there to help people, not be concerned over losing money for the hospital as a whole. If such an institution started not obeying that "oath" then we could guess they wouldn't be around much longer.  Rand's point is that it is still not a right.  I don't think denying someone health care is denying their right to life (or anything else). Your right to life means that you have a right to live, such as to not be thrown into slavery or to be killed.    This is a very ideological debate and I understand if people disagree with Rand or I on this.   I just think rights are very personal things. And when you start relying on other people to fulfill them, they really aren't rights anymore.  Should we strive to give health care to everyone that needs it? Of course. Does it need to be mandated or paid for by everyone except yourself to reach that end? I don't think it needs to be.
The ACA brought some nice things, but it also brings some bad, plus I think it's unconstitutional (the government/corporation tie).  I have to admit I don't know much about foreign health care systems. Are their citizens required by law to have insurance? That would be the main reason why they have less uninsured. Can you share with me what the comparison numbers are?  The mountains of debt problem is a health care cost problem. There are many things the government has done that has RAISED those costs.  - Regulations (of course some are needed, but are all?) - Employer paid health care (this was actually the choice of businesses, BUT it was only done because the government set limits on what they could pay their employees) - this creates an artificial higher amount of disposable income, this leads to hospitals raising prices. - Demand-sided subsidies (ACA subsidies and when people can't pay the government pays instead) - Again, more money in the system then there actually is, allows for increased prices.  There are many other ways to address these in a more free market approach.   I'll just add that I support a free market when it comes to preventive care and a single payer system (basically insurance, but cheaper because no middle man) when it comes to curative care.   Unlike Rand, I'm not against the government collecting the insurance money instead of insurance companies and paying it out. But there are things we need to be concerned about and many other ideas to consider.
Change the voting system. My preference would be Range Voting. (Rating candidate on a scale (not ranking))  But people will still want to be in their own group, that's just natural. It would be a slow transition from the two big parties to anything different. But a change of the voting system would help.
True. But I believe such a system could actually be agreed upon by our current government. And with the other changes we should see lower prices for preventive care.  PLUS, Our current system still requires payments for ALL care (including preventive care) until you reach a certain dollar amount. That is basically what deductibles are meant to do, have the individual pay for preventive care. You don't start getting insurance until you spend a certain amount. This is still true under the ACA. So I'm not so much as "insisting people pay for preventive care", its just remains the same but with the benefit of lower prices. And this way, you get insurance (for the risk that curative care covers) at ANY time. You don't need to reach premium levels before you receive it. (the possible pitfall is if people use more preventive care than their current premium, but that doesn't really happen and it's priced to not make that happen). I'm removing the deductibles. You pay for what you use (again, at lower prices than they are now). And the premiums turn into taxes.
I prefer my own idea. Which I think has at least potential to get bipartisan support.  Separate preventive care and curative care.  Preventive care would be paid by the individual. Much like they are now because of deductibles. But instead of being REQUIRED to spend your deductible amount before you can receive actual insurance, you would get it at ANY time you need curative care. And the prices for preventive care would drop with other implementations to make hospitals COMPETE on prices. They didn't need to when preventive was tied with curative because an individual can't stop amount on price to fix something in an emergency, something covered under curative care. But we can shop around for preventive care services. Other things added such as requiring them to be up front with prices will add to the competiveness of the market.  And curative care is what insurance is about. Insurance is meant to cover risk. There isn't any risk in preventive care. This curative care would be covered under a single payer system. Instead of individuals paying premiums, we pay taxes.   There are many wrongs in the ACA. I don't believe that it's "the best we can do". It requires payment to private businesses. (something that should have been deemed illegal). It gave demand-sided subsidies. The purpose of doing that is to stimulate demand, so it was idiotic to implement it with health care as demand is already huge. It only has lead to higher prices.
What position of mine are you even arguing about? I'm getting the feeling I'm getting attacked for positions I don't even hold.  Health Care - I support single payer for curative care, free makret/competition for preventive care. Get rid of deductibles, will help those with less money. Premiums are now taxes.  &gt; Where as you only measure your cost against the poor while the vast middle class has become poor with regard to education.  The 12.4% increase in income would help EVERYONE. I don't understand what you are trying to point out.  &gt; No middle class student can afford it. They either go without and don't get a good job.  Or they pay for it and go into debt.  And that's why we need to continue to try and lower tuition and increase the amount of jobs available in our society. Again, are you trying to argue something?  &gt; Why are those the only choices?  And why does Grannie have to die in the street to change that?  Granny doesn't have to die. Can you not comprehend what having more money when you are young can do to your lifetime income? You are just using rhetoric now.  &gt; &gt;I don't care about that metric  &gt; I do.  And you said you did earlier before Grannie got blasted.  No. I don't care about the metric of what PERCENTAGE of revenue comes from students and what percentage comes from state funding. I care about the ACTUAL amounts they pay. Do you not realise simply by increasing state funding you would get a lower percentage that Students are paying, BUT IT DOES NOTHING TO ACTUAL REDUCE THE COST TO THE STUDENT? That's why the metric is stupid by itself. It's used as rhetoric.
&gt; Nope.  First, you're measuring that against people who never get out of the bracket.  Second, it pays back.  It's a regressive system until it's not. I didn't refute that. I just think it's cruel for the government to collect this tax and if you die at 60 years old go "welp, too bad for you, thanks for the free income though". I'd rather see people paying less loan interest and KEEPING their money instead of handing it off to other people when there is no guarantee you will get it back.  &gt; Walker is destroying research education in Wisconsin even though it pays back at something better than 20 to 1.  ANOTHER rhetoric statistical point that means nothing by itself. It is only a measure of CURRENT return. It doesn't say that increasing state revenue by $1 mil will increase economic benefit by $20 mil. And it also doesn't say decreasing state revenue by $1 mil will decrease benefit by $20 mil.  Evidence of state funding decreasing actually contributing to even less economic return that the saved costs, would need to be provided. We can't ignore that there is certainly an amount of FIXED return in there. It isn't all variable.  &gt; It's foolish not to care.  No it isn't. I'm not going to waste my time on statistical rhetoric. I'd rather focus on the PROBLEM of COST not RATIO.  &gt; It certainly would.  Why would you think otherwise?  YOU TELL ME HOW? Tell me how increasing state funding WILL reduce student tuition costs. What makes you think that universities will reduce tuition costs just because they got some extra revenue? They operate in a market with huge demand. There is no REASON for them to want to start reducing tuition. Please provide me with why they would.
&gt; It's never not.  The whole system is regressive not counting social security.   I thought we were talking about social security? At least that's what I was talking about.  &gt; You'll see just how "rhetorical" that is...  I see. Yes numbers that actually mean something. What are you arguing here? The rhetoric part is stating the ratio is a problem.  &gt; In the mean time, there is a direct monetary inverse ratio between rising tuition and falling state funding.    If you direct me to that one bs graph that shows the percentages of revenue of universities comparing state funding and tuition, I'm done trying to discuss logic with you. If you increase one, the PERCENTAGE of other will decrease. That's obvious. But that doesn't mean one CAUSES an ACTUAL change in the AMOUNT of the other.  &gt; And the university says they'll either have to cut staff (some of who bring in research dollars from out of state) or they'll have to raise tuition. Article after article reads that way.  So it's not just correlation either.  Oh, the heads of the universities saying things to make people not want to support cutting funds, how surprising.   We are going to disagree. I understand how there is very often waste in public businesses/universities. So a decrease in funding can just be to get rid of that waste. And factor in situations like Wisconsin where Walker would implement a TUITION FREEZE to make it so they couldn't just raise tuition, and you point isn't valid. But anyway, my point was that universities don't have an incentive to DECREASE tuition. They will always have incentive to increase it.  But again if you want to provide me with evidence that education funding cuts HAVE decrease economic revenue/benefit, go ahead. The 20to1 doesn't do anything of that sort. It only uses current data. So yes, again, a useless statistic to your point.
But Walker didn't say that scores went up, he said the ranking went up. They are (or should be) rating the factuality of his statement. So it's disingenious to use that to say it's a mostly false statement of something he didn't even say.  Misleading? Sure. Not totally correct because we don't know if it was because of Act 10? Sure.  But how can they rule what he said "Mostly False" when nothing he said can be proven false?
I'm not saying I support Scott Walkers statement. I'm saying PolitiFact is biased and therefore disingenious to what one would perceive to be an unbiased source on the FACTS surrounding politics. So to use your own example, they used the same "truthiness".   I'm just calling out the other side of the BS as I know the BS from the other side will be called out here in /r/politics.  It should have received a "Mostly True" rating while calling him out about implication. This is what is done with liberal statements of PolitiFact. If you follow their ratings at all, you'd see this is quite common.
&gt; If you have to use the word "technically" in your explanation, then you know it's BS.  Possibly BS, but not False. That's my point. Nothing he said was false. How can you go around saying what Walker said is false?  But fine. Lets ignore the partisan talk to see if I can drive the point across. A site like PolitiFact that doesn't just list the facts, but presents an OPINION at the end by placing what a political figure said into 6? categories is going to result in bias. It no longer is just about facts. There is too much INTERPRETATION at that point. And therefore will result in bias. The whole premise that they can PICK AND CHOOSE what "facts" are checked means they can deliver any message they want to.  Such an example is the Sumpreme Court Justices. You'd think a group of 9 people that are suppose to rule on the constitutionality of a law should be able to agree 100% as the constitution is a firm document (facts). But no, they all have there different interpretations and bias that result in different votes.  You can argue against there being a bias (favoring one side over the other), but there is no logical way you can say they are not disingenious. It's built into the way they operate. They may think they are being "honest", but what they are really doing is building up a false appearance of being honest.  Their RATINGS can easily be biased. I've seen ratings of "mostly true" statements that that are literally false. I've seen jokes labeled as "false" (no shit). The ratings are not a factual statment. They make it seem they are. They are disingenious.  **But let's get back to Walker. This statement followed his statement of "A lot of protesters at the time claimed that public education was going to fail". He then went onto to say the "proof is in the pudding". His proof is that we aren't failing. And the numbers (the pudding) back that up. He never once said "Act 10 is Improving education". LOOK AT THE QUOTE at the top. PolitiFact is a piece of shit. Look at where the quotation marks are. He NEVER said "Thanks to Act 10...". That is all the websites doing. They are disingenious and pieces of shit for it.**
I'd rather we just eliminate it.  History. It was a completely different system back then and was used as a recovery tool after the Great Depression. Tax rates were lower. Payouts were higher. Many more people paying into it than were benefiting from it.   More Income. Imagine a 12.4% increase in your income (slightly less because of taxes). That could help pay for things that require money now for a better return in the future. This includes education as well as less potential loan interest (which is just wasting money). And these things can lead to even more money being made, HELPING the poor and middle class.  Age. The poor have a lower life expectancy in average. Social Security is a regressive system unless you live long enough to make it progressive. If you die before retirement, all that money you "invested/saved up" goes to waste. None of it goes to your family. It's a system where the government takes 12.4% of your income, with the assumption that you will receive benefits if you live to retirement age. There is risk involved in that, but a risk apparently people seem to ignore and certainly isn't factored into any decision making because there is no decision to be made in a mandatory system.  Government. They are not required to pay anything out, the law specifically says this. They are allowed to change it in anyway they want, it is simply a tax in the eyes of the law. Why is a system that requires constant increases in age requirements, tax rates, and payment limits to be sustainable something we should rely on?
&gt; But also the fact that this would raise taxes on the middle class by up to $630 a year.  How? Because of your third quintile data comparing 13.7% to 14.5%?  You're either trying to be dishonest or need to brush up on some math. You are using 13.7% as an effective rate. But the effective rate for those in that third quintile is not 14.5%. It would be much closer to 5% on a $75,000 income because of the 50,000 exemption.  I'd agree with your point if the exemption level or tax rate amount lead to the middle class paying more (they certain get the least amount of benefit from switching to a flat tax system), but I don't see the actually increase in taxes you say they would receive.
What burden? It reduces taxes for ALL (at least with assumption right now with no further information on exemption amount for not a family of 4). Why does the burden shift instead of just being able to be reduced?  The budget would be cut by about 2 trillion over the next decade. That translates to about a 5% cut. Not 90%.
&gt; Or maybe we should raise the minimum wage, do things to incentivize businesses to raise median wages from their 30-year stagnation, and otherwise programs and plans to actually help the middle and lower classes?  Okay. Eliminating the 6.2% that employers pay on your behalf (which is really part of your paycheck as it's factored into what you cost the business) would be an incentive. Reducing corporate taxes would be an incentive. And then yes, I'd be all for raising the minimum wage. What are you arguing here?  &gt; Or maybe we should do something to raise their life expectancies, like implement a robust universal healthcare system, including programs to promote pubic health, e.g. Anti-obesity programs?  Okay. I support universal health care for curative care (need to determine tax rates and price limits though) (Preventive care which can be made competitive, it is left to be market driven.). Part of the reason why Social security should be eliminated is to help pay for universal health care. What programs (and how much money) would make up the promotion of public health? I feel we should all be able to grasp the fact the being obese isn't healthy already. But again, what is your argument against Social Security elimination here?  &gt; If you have problems with social security being regressive and unsustainable, maybe we should remove the cap that exists on income (~$106,000 last time I checked) and tax capital gains and other forms of income to support the system?  Or we could just get rid of it. You aren't even countering my position for less taxes. You are just providing alternatives that involve more taxes.  &gt; Or maybe a should prohibit politicians from stealing money from the social security fund to pay for other insolvent programs? If they stopped using the fund as a piggy bank, it would be solvent for a far longer time than in the current system.  They didn't steal anything from it. They borrowed. All the money that was put into it has been accounted for and paid back out for how much should have been paid out. And you are simply pointing out an overuse of power from the government of a system that I want to eliminate. How is that an argument against my position?
Still no info on what is to be cut. Without that info, how do you know it burdens the middle class?   We can reevaltuate the effect on the middle class when that info is revealed.  I basically agree with you though. A flat tax does effect the middle class more negatively in comparison to the poor or the rich. We have here with Rand's plan a tax system with two brackets, $0-$50,000 and $50,001+. I'm in favor of more brackets (implement a logramithic scale), not less. But I see other benefits from this plan such as reducing tax breaks that make me consider it at least until more info it available.
Of course. But they are paying 11M. That is what they are willing to pay for you to be an employee. Therefore it is what your true value stands at, at least in the eyes of the employer.   Most people think in terms of pre-tax income. Get a raise from $8.00 to $9.00 and most people will see a dollar raise. But depending on taxes it's more likely about an $0.80 raise. Its hard to factor in all the different taxes (income, payroll, etc.) as well as potential deductions to come.   But the fact is that you aren't receiving the amount at which you employer values you. The truth is that you value (or you are at least content with the payment to take/keep the job) yourself less than what your employer values you at.   That is why there is a disconnect between the employees currently not thinking they get paid enough, and the employer thinking they are paying out fine. It can also come down to greed, but this disconnect is a big part of the problem of perceived "low wages".   I'm sorry that mentioning this fact gets me downvoted. Let me back in the circle jerk. "We hate rich people... money people give them in exchange for services, they don't deserve to keep"
They are aware of it, I'm not saying they aren't.   I'd proposition that it's silly that employees to be unaware of the fact that they'd be making more income if their taxes were lower.   There is a disconnect. That's a reality. And therefore I labeled it a fact. Its not a "take" on the issue. Many people aren't aware of it and can't think from the employer's perspective and it has created more animosity than there should be. Not that it should be removed, but it would certainly help the situation if we had a bit more understanding of the perspectives.
Exactly!!  And that's what Rands plan does too!! Because of the exclusion of the first $50,000, it means it is NOT a straight flat tax. It is not one tax rate, but TWO. They are 0% from $0 - $50,000 and 14.5% from $50,001 and above.  You were arguing that his plan isn't progressive. IT IS. Because of the two tax rates. Because it ISN'T a straight flat tax.
Oh aren't *you* an edgy 16 year old that can make sexual innuendo jokes.  This is a discussion about his current plan. You were wrong, so you deflected. Glad I could help inform.
Why? I don't really think there is a "correct" answer to that. Just like our current tax rates brackets don't have a great reasoning behind them.  I've really considered the continous function also. I think logramithic formulas have potential for use. Do you have any specific numbers you'd like to see? But it would obviously run into the same "why?" reasoning problem of how the rates are actually determined.
Did you account for payroll tax?  Rand's plan has them as part of the 14.5%. Therefore you should include it with the evaluation of our current system if you are going to compare them equally.  I still don't understand how you got the math for why the middle class 40,000-100,000 pays more. I know that flat taxes seem to effect the middle class worse as we move from our current system, but how is it paying more tax? And his plan is not flat, see exemption, and therefore is still progressive. Its less progressive than our current system, but that doesn't make it regressive like you are saying it is.  It seems you put a lot of work into this, but there isn't anything you have said that makes me think you are correct.
&gt; he doesn't think there should be any protected classes and that a business should be free to discriminate if it wants to.  Yes, exactly. Why are we free to discriminate based on attractiveness, but not race? Why are we free to discriminate based on sex, but not nationality? Why are we free to discriminate based on age, but not religion? Why are we free to discriminate based on appearance, but not skin color?  Just because we had shit laws (Jim Crow) that MANDATED discrimination right before the passage of the Civil Right Act, didn't mean the government had to pass laws to MANDATE no discrimination (on certain classes), just because  they knew they screwed up so bad.  &gt; you tell me, you brought it up.  I brought it up because people think he's a racist for not wanting race to be a protected class. But we aren't calling everyone a sexist for not wanting sex to be a protected class. We aren't. That's my point. It's a bullshit stance to label him as such for that reason.
There is too much flaw in STV (ranking). I personally favor Range Voting or for simplicity sake Approval Voting.  But yes, we need change to the voting system.
A child has a right to not be raped, it's an infringement one their liberty. Being denied service that requires another person's actions does not infringe on your liberty. They aren't similar in the slightest.
Haha haha. Read the other response you got to this. If you for an instant want to use that Mother Jones article as a source for your views when it 100% lies, I can discredit your whole opinion. That article says there are no deductions. FALSE. Home loan and charity. The article says everyone pays the same rate. FALSE. Because of the exemption ($15,000 for filed, $5,000 for each dependent, ($50,000 for a family of 4)), the effective tax rate is different depending on your income.  Maybe YOU should understand what you are opposing.
That 15 million number should be ignored completely as it assumes no spending cuts. But Rand's plan comes with spending cuts (not yet specified). So it's just dishonest bullshit to say what the plan would do when you don't even take in all the things that are part of the plan.  From Rand's side I believe I've heard it's 3 trillion with static accounting, and 1 trillion with this other type of accounting I forgot the name of. It seems he picked the middle. I'm not certain on this, but I know the 15 trillion number is bullshit.
&gt; I also saw that labor costs would not be an "allowable expense" which makes me think of two things: First: Fuck you, Rand Paul. I see it as pretty indicative of his attitude towards us lowly wage slaves. And second: It will bankrupt any corporation where labor is a major cost.   Rand's plan REMOVES payroll taxes. Do you know what payroll taxes are? They are taxes on labor. Why are you all of a sudden upset at this?  All his plan does is replace the 15.3% in payroll taxes with a 14.5% tax on that labor.
What was I wrong about?  Rand's plan isn't a flat tax. Please consider what is actually in his proposal and not judge it purely on a name.  &gt; Do you see any of those flat tax proposals arguing for 22 percent or greater?  You seem to be against it for the simple fact that it decreases income tax on the wealthy, even if it decreases taxes for everyone else too. That's a fair stance. But don't pretend you know more about the law than you do.
&gt; We are looking at all of this from the business perspective.  Holy shit, I know. Stop trying to explain corporate taxes to me, I know how they work.  PAYROLL TAXES ARE TAXES ON LABOR.   Payroll taxes are a BUSINESS expense.  CURRENTLY BUSINESSES pay payroll taxes on labor. Because they do this, they are not taxed on labor through corporate taxes.  UNDER RAND'S PLAN businesses would pay corporate tax on the labor INSTEAD of paying payroll taxes.  BECAUSE PAYROLL TAXES ARE JUST SIMPLY TAXES.  &gt; Has absolutely, positively nothing to do with payroll taxes  Yes it does. Its a cost effecting the business. Its a TAX ON LABOR, the exact thing you are discussing.
I see waste in government spending.   I see waste in the military. "Wars" that aren't accomplishing anything. Foreign Aid to countries that hate us.  I see waste in education. Government funding has NOT been spent on improving education (has our education been improving? No.). It's instead spent on ammenities to attract people to universites that don't have anything to do with education. Plus the whole student loan fiasco that only helped to raise tution costs.  I see waste in health care. Demand side subsidies are a waste when demand is already sky high and will only raise prices because of the perceived higher amount of disposable income.  I see waste in government employees/jobs themselves.  I see waste in our policing/prisons. The war on drugs.   If you think government is efficient, you are delusional.
&gt;  They are not looking to find that sweet spot a private company looks for , when profits are maxed and service is as little as you can get away with.  Businesses care about what they spend money on. They try to remain as efficient as possible. Government does not care, because it is not their money. They can always get more, so they don't have an incentive to be efficient.  &gt; Like cable and internet companies, they will cheat you over and over., while slashing customer service. That is because service does not increase profits.   Because their oligopoly ability, given to them by the government, allows them to not have to compete. But the fact is that they have a business involving infrastructure (cable lines) so the "free market" doesn't work for such a system anyway. Our government gave these companies tons of money to upgrade the infrastructure, and they just blew it on something else. And the government, didn't care. That's waste.
&gt; So you think cable companies are efficient?  No. I thought I just explained why they don't have to be. They are oligopolies.  &gt; You think energy companies are too.   I truly don't know enough about these to comment. I know the government sets restrictions on them to try and make them efficient.  &gt; You think defense contractors are ?  No. I thought I stated how wasteful they are. The military industrial complex is ridiculous.   You are just making up what my opinions are. Even when it seems we would agree on certain things. I don't know what you are arguing against at this point.
According to this Supreme Court ruling addressing the bans on gay marriage, it seems like cousin marriage should be legal everywhere.  I'm not saying it shouldn't be.  I'm just trying to understand how the 14th amendment can be applied. In such a ruling where "equal under the law" seemed to be a big part of the reasoning for the ruling, I have a hard time grasping what "equal under the law" means. Because we are either doing a ton of illegal things that haven't been treated equally under the law or the law doesn't actually mean what we may percieve it to mean and that this current ruling may not be correct from judging it with the Constitution.
&gt; That gender and sexual orientation are not things that should dictate if people can share marriage bond.  That's your summary. That's not what seemed to be said in the reasoning behind the ruling. And it seemed the 14th amendment was used for the ruling. Equal under the law. Why just pick gender and sexual orietation as characteristics that are safe? Why not blood relation?
&gt; This isn't clear cut and don't pretend it is.   Yes it is. Look at the state laws.  &gt; No it is not. That is the problem, you need to establish what kind of relationship this is between the cousins and rule out sexuality. Them saying they won't doesn't make it true.   The burden of proof in on the government. Just because two people MIGHT perform an illegal activity because of certain other actions, doesn't make what they are doing is illegal. They DON'T have to say if they will or not participate in intercourse. That's part of our freedom and liberty that the constitution was actually founded on. Just like if you buy a gun you don't have to say what you are going to use it for yet it's legal to get even though getting a gun is one step closer to commiting an illegal action of shooting an innocent person (at least with your rational).  &gt; In effect, marriage is evidence for a crime.  That's just plain ridiculous.  The law shouldn't just start ASSUMING people are going to commit illegal acts and shouldnt start limiting legal actions simply because they MAY lead to illegal activities. Welcome to your new police state if you think otherwise.
