Every person in that jury was a complete moron. Hell, everyone in the county.
I was shocked at the lack of basically any evidence against Brendan at all. How could one video of a confession that was so obviously coerced be taken seriously by all 12 of those jurors??
Glamazon. i just love that line about working your sexy body so sexual, as if there was any other way you could work your sexy body.  Adrenaline and Cover Girl are probably my next two favorites
"Song of the Ancestors" is the best song from Moana and it wasn't submitted for either the Golden Globes or Oscars which was a travesty
this "missing my glasses" bit was much funnier when Tina Fey and Jon Hamm did it a few years ago
i always forget that
historically the majority of network shows aren't very good
omg Steve Carrell and Kristen Wiig are the best presenters so far
apparently she plays Wonder Woman in those recent DC films (imo it should have been Mila Kunis)  edit: autocorrect changed Mila to Mika
it's like they're bragging about the film which as a midwesterner i find inappropriate
exactly! that's why i was surprised to hear him say it
whatever it was that Viola was just talking about, i loved it
i would vote for her
i was also surprised by the screenplay win. the filmmaking was what was special, not the writing.
i was just perusing their subreddit and it really is despicable that his supporters blatantly don't mind the fact that the president of the United States mocks reporters. they're all about pointing out "yeah he mocks lots of people! but this one wasn't because the guy has a disability!" like...how fucked up do you have to be to support a political figure who mocks anyone, let alone the handicapped.
not on him, on each other in front of him in the bed where the President and his wife slept.  they probably don't need his money and would rather destabilize the United States since they've hated us since time immemorial.
just like how straight men who have sex with women can't simultaneously be misogynists
idg how it's possible for him to be unable to have conflicts of interest while he clearly... has lots of conflicts of interest
real is what you feel; feelings aren't real.
yeah i'm sure that show featuring some GEICO mascots was a shining beacon of humor and intelligence
just another attack against Trump
in what way are you five different ethnicities?
"irish" and "german" are not two different races, they're both caucasian. "marshallese" and "kiribatese" are both pacific islander according to the US census, so you actually counted wrong twice and are four different races.
obviously the whole thing was racist but they didn't just choose Kenya at random; Obama's father is from Kenya.
i'm triggered by the apostrophe in "White's Only"
She always seems much younger than she is. She's older than Angelina Jolie!  edit: thought she was slightly younger when she made Enchanted
is it me or does Jerry look a bit like the president in that photo
the onion was never fake news, it was satire / comedy. fake news is those websites that have articles about shit that literally didn't occur which dumb americans (coincidentally usually trump supporters) would believe. at some point during the election it got turned around to refer to biased media (like breitbart) and *then* got turned around again to basically focus on actual mainstream media posting stories that the readers (coincidentally again usually trump supporters) did not agree with. so at this point basically everything is fake news and facts don't exist and reality is unknowable.
huh he bought rights to peoples songs?? how dare he!
i thought it was much too long, way too dark and absolutely joyless. I thought there should have been at least a moment fun to be had but it was too "realist" for my tastes. to each his own!
the way they love to defend Trump's views on LGBT is usually something like "he doesn't care!!" Yeah that's just what i want, a president who doesn't care about me.
that's his "official portrait" or some shit... like dude why do you look so pissed isn't this what you wanted??
i feel like i saw this episode a few weeks ago, either way i thought it was very cool
yeah kids being shipped off to their death is great
agreed, his cabinet was a shitshow, but he does seem like he'd be a fun guy to hang out with.
just everything about him deserved it tbh
for those sick or the truth, try Alternative Facts!™
girl on the front left is fine!!  oh wait that's a doll wtf
Start a Fire, City of Stars (Duet) and Audition were the three songs submitted for consideration from La La Land. I think Audition is the best song but thought Someone in the Crowd and Another Day of Sun were also terrific. But they limit the choices to prevent splitting votes.
3D anything has died and come back so many times it's completely obnoxious. I personally hate it and it makes my eyes tired. it'll be back unfortunately.
if those three sequels are ever even eventually made (also i think it's four sequels last i heard)
he won the electoral college by a margin of something like 103,000 votes combined in MI, WI and PA. that margin is minuscule. .07% of voters in the country decided the election (also idk where your info is from but if Clinton had won those three states she would have won electorally with 273 votes)
a fetus is not a newborn baby so your comparison is weak.
if you are in a dying town with no job you also have no money to afford to move to a city where you may find a job.
still sad he's in jail for extortion or whatever
tbh from the tone of your comment above i thought you were implying the opposite, obviously you're correct about higher Spanish populations in those states.
that sounds scary
you're just a poopy little slut who ruins things and wants the world to burn
my favorite part is when she feels like a terrible human being
i thought the same thing. the "ea" isn't really two crisp syllables.
