I imagine Rick Fox will take a hand in mentoring or managing them yeah, or he'll know how to pick out a great coach with his background
EU players are still a very small portion of the total players in NA. This joke is pretty forced
Historically EU has really good mids while its NA's weakest role in regards to native talent, most eu imports are mids as a result. Top is the other weak NA role that has a lot of imports. Look at something like adc and you'll see more NA players. It's a bit early to say TSM is the strongest.
That's not saying much since there aren't many NA rookies. I don't see Remilia or RF being better than Moon, Stixxay, any of the TLA players
TL's shot calling has left a lot to be desired. I'm not sure it will be a big downgrade with Dardoch
Statistically Gamsu was pretty bad. He had a large share of the team's gold yet did really poorly in his stats. He was a mediocre player with flashes of good play
I feel like RNG might be a smart team even if they lack outright talent. I could see them taking wins off smart play rather than smashing lane or mechanical outplays
You'd hope he would have the self awareness to improve on that after seeing how it works against him
Trundle as flex for top and support. Beyond that good list
Seriously. "NA has no talent" "challenger players? Team will be shit" "Lol imports dae 2 eu"   It's a damned if you do damned if you don't. Try challenger talent and you're laughed at or called weak, if you import you're part of the problem and memes are posted
Yup. No one is gonna say "I might suck as a top."
You're right, the Danish flag *is* pretty great
This comment is lame
Maybe the king of a very small, inbred kingdom
Elements vs TIP is the MyM vs Coast of this split. Gotta love races to the bottom
Not even Piglet can bypass the Gatekeeper
I agree. If you put someone like Febiven against CS mids he'd crush them into a new reality. Alex beat CS mids but rarely crushed them to the degree that I would think "Old Alex Ich is back." Alex still has to prove he is a relevant player
TL is one of the the most transparent League orgs. I imagine other orgs have issues as well we're just not privy to them
I'd argue that Sheep has never been good in competitive play.
We just need the LCS to incorporate coach-initiated pauses so if you see someone start to tilt you can pause, run on stage and tell them a random fact.
Thoorin usually does it in an entertaining way, he can burn people really well. Soaz and Amazing just get whiny.
I've tried before and it didn't really work. Maybe it's possible in some way but i'm inclined to say no.
LS may also be biased since he's worked with and coached Moon. I think Moon will be good but i'm not sure he'll be the next big superstar in NA. He was good in challenger but didn't do anything that blew me away.
I think he'll do well but I don't think he'll dominate players like Impact or Darshan.
Eh, more koreans than euopeans. That's worse for Huni since Koreans are the ones that tilt him.
I'd put Sneaky above Forg1ven personally. Sneaky has consistently performed even on the world stage
I'll go ahead and say that they probably have a bit more merit and insight than the average random redditor
I don't think playing the game is necessary to have a deep understanding. Some (most?) of the best coaches in history aren't people who played that sport. Monte doesn't play League much at all and has a deep understanding. Thoorin doesn't understand the game on a complex level but he does a lot of research to the point i'd say he has a decent understanding of the macro game.
1. NRG   2. TSM   3. IMT   4. C9   5. Echo   6. CLG   7. TL   8. DIG   9. RNG   10. TIP  I really think Echo Fox will surprise people.
I doubt any region could support 20 teams without having a massive, massive disparity between the top and bottom teams. Especially the west where it's usually 4 teams or so on top and then the rest are a step down.
Yeah, there's two very different ways to take it: TL is challenger-level atm, or TLA is LCS level. Chances are it's a little of both since Fabby mentioned that they also do well against other LCS teams.
I think that's the goal. Hai just wants to retire. He's a bandaid until Bunny is ready to take over.
He should have just picked up Cris instead of Smittyj. Cris completely outclassed him.
He actually looked good, it's the first time he's ever had a strong team around him.
It'd have almost no impact I imagine.
Get ready for an entire split of people bitching about the days that EU is on. These people act like it's personal. It's such a nonfactor. I don't watch OG vs FN and go "damn, this would be better if it was on saturday!"
Yeah it's unfortunate, that was a really bad game from Shrimp, he's a beast but that was not his match. It's funny that even feeding he was doing more than Kirei pressure-wise and in team fights. I'm excited to see how NRG does with the full roster.
It was a good showing from him. Probably nice to actually play a professional match on a team that's not hot flaming garbage.
I think Shrimp just got screwed by a combination of being on a feast/famine jungler and lan jitters. That was a very uncharacteristic game from him.
It's the lesser of two evils. EU losing some NA viewership is less harmful than NA losing both EU and NA viewership. With EU being ahead timezone-wise to NA it becomes a logistical nightmare to try and schedule NA on weekdays. They would either have to sacrifice nearly all EU viewership and put it in the evening, or they would have to put it at a time where neither EU or NA can watch it very well. Screwed either way. EU being at their current time is good for EU viewers and also gets some NA viewers.
I'd say they were tied, they play different roles. Aphro is a playmaker and he was fantastic at it last year, Adrian is more vision focused and had great statistics on top of it.
Chances are if we see Dominate swapped out we'll see Matt swapped in to make up for Dominate's lost shotcalling. Dominate's shotcalling doesn't seem great lately but some shotcalling is better than none.
Matt will also bring better shotcalling than Dominate which is worth the hit to synergy for.
He looked better in that game than he had in over a split. It's a good sign even if it's only one game.
I'm surprised Steve isn't playing that role to him. Steve seems like he's willing to make the hard decisions, so if Piglet was having an attitude problem he'd be willing to crack down on him.
Honestly, I wouldn't mind seeing them just completely sub in all of TLA. Youngbin and Fabby would obviously be a step down from Fenix and Piglet but having a team with cohesion and no ego problems could be worth it.
RF crumbled against a world champion.
Morg was also a weird choice, Braum would have been smarter imo. Wonder if that's a consequence of Remi's champion pool.
Didn't say good, just what Remi feels comfortable playing.
Sorry, yeah. Impact didn't win because he's a world champion vs a challenger player, it's only because Fiora. So broken!
