He should've just keep melting down those swords. If he does it five more times he'd have had 64 Valyrian swords!
I'm just excited about the game. Rocksteady has done wonders for Batman games, and I hope someday it'll reflect on other superhero games.
I really hope it holds me over until the next real elder scrolls. I love the Fallout games but my real love for Bethesda is in elder scrolls and Rage. And wet. And Dishonored.
Or theyre a right twat, makes everyone hate them, and then we sit and wait for them to let their guard down. Just waiting for Ramsay's day...
Colin Farell and Vince Vaughn? They're far from crap in their fields of acting, this is a little bit out of both of their elements but I think they can pull it off. 10 years ago everyone thought Matthew M. was just pretty boy but he did some amazing acting in season 1
The first one was until the last line. I binged the rest of the season twice now because of Matt's last line.
The 99% do their job, go home to their families, live a normal life as good police officers. The 1% are the ones who cause an uproar in the US, as it should be. The unfortunate circumstance is that because of the 1% the entire police force gets blamed, and people like thw chief of police in this circumstance, who is doing the right thing by firing the officer in question, will still be considered a terrible person for being a police officer. It's a thankless job, and that's unfortunate.
Actually, if Damon's character was not around to fuck Scotty's girlfriend, Scotty might never have gone to Europe, and might've stayed in the US with his girlfriend. I would say the plot revolved around Damon
No matter what happens, don't let this one sway your choice of getting the next one that comes out or a previous installment. They are all amazing games, but ESO is nothing like the main series. It's basically an MMO that looks like Skyrim
For me it's the comidian Jake Johnson. Extremely funny guy, not in much. Seeing him in Jurassic World gives me hope that he'll be in more
I mean Chris Pratt is currently the most famous dinosaur trainer around as of today, but I wish Omar Sy would get a little love too
Cards against humanity is a good ice breaker
Who cares? I don't get why religion, race, or gender even matters when choosing a leader, just whoever is best suited for the job should get it.
When kids started getting participation awards. It's bull shit
I just wouldn't hang out with them outside the workplace
I hope you don't twitch with that mouth
He should've been falcon. I like the guy who plays falcon but still... It would've been awesome
I love some of the ignorance in this thread. Did the police that got shot at do anything wrong? Most likely not. It's the 0.1% of police that are corrupt and criminal that make it to the front page. I never see videos of the hundreds of thousands of police doing their job right and just, because scandal is more news worthy
You cant download your cake and eat it too
I don't see how they could've done anything better. Release date for Fallout, Doom footage and spring release, dishonored 2 and remaster. Only thing that could've POSSIBLY made it better would be an Elder Scrolls 6 teaser.
Would you have rather them just not mention it?
Ashen looks pretty dark, I like it
Cant wait for Cuphead
"Lets assume I'll live"   she's dying by the end of the game.
Gears 4? Missed an opportunity for Gears of 4
Nobody has said Superbad yet, that's a great one
As much as I love Doom, I really, really want Krieger to win.
My guess on this is devs wont release games for backwards compatibility if they're already on the xbox one.
Strahovski is too bright and bubbly for me to take her seriously as the roll of death. I gotta agree with /u/WeaponX33 and say Jolie
Whoops! Thats fair enough but my point still stands for Black Panther
Not if I can be Adam fucking West Batman
Danny DeVito
Jesus he's so young, why not just hire the baby from American Sniper?
He wasn't dumb, he was ignorant. There's a big difference.
I say he is ignorant only because he doesn't *get* the game like Tywin or Littlefinger. Everyone plays a little differently. Littlefinger whispers in his allies ears until he is done with them. Tywin knows the secret to success is coin. Varys is just unexpected. Ned Stark was just thrown into this position.   He wants to do what is right for the people, but that's just not how King's Landing works. He's ignorant to the fact that backstabbing, murder, partnerships with the right people, and coin are the only way to keep up. He had nothing to do with the first two, he picked the wrong partner (Littlefinger even told him he's not to be trusted).   He was ignorant to the way the game is played and paid the ultimate price for it.
I'd invest it with a trustworthy stockbroker, and just sit on it. Let them do what they can and entice them to do well with hearty percentage of the profits.
They most likely started developing the pip boy before the S6 release on April 10th. That's a pretty good excuse in my book.
I guess I just don't understand of paying a shit ton of money for digital when you can just pay for something and put it in [one of these](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00011KM38/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_XBEJvb07242RB) that literally takes up no space. If room is what you're looking for and you don't want to waste money, get one of those
I trust Bethesda, CDPR, 2K Games, Rocksteady, Game Freak, Insomniac, and recently and I know it's crazy, EA after their announcement that they fully support BC.   I do not trust Ubisoft, Bungie, i343 (though they're gaining my trust back after how much they have improved MCC), and most of all Overkill
Well if you shit it's gonna be a lot less clean
Great just another reason for other countries to have the wrong idea about most of America
Isn't that the whole point of the movie
I actually enjoyed Jonah Hill is Django a bit more
I mean at one point you had 293 blu rays and DVDs. Its not all about quantity.
Getting into the game can sometimes be a hassle but the multiplayer gameplay is some of the freshest and most fun ive played this year
What does it matter? It's a great service, and expanding it makes sense for EA and for the consumer.
I know everyone is pretty upset about this but at least they're giving us feedback and saying we will have it. I'd rather them give us a quality experience than screw it up
Honestly he was my favorite character in The Renevant, I would give him a chance in that.
Great film. Coen brothers are some of my favorite directors and this is my second favorite movie from them. My favorite role of John Goodman (probably until 10 Cloverfield Lane) and Jeff Bridges. Every time I watch it I laugh and tear up a little, then laugh some more. Also, this is probably one of the most quoteable movies I can think of
I own one, but I'd probably have to go dig in my mom's basement to find it. Long story short I hated the first one, fuck that shithead pitri with his annoying ass voice, and the main dinosaur is a fucking little bitch. Always complaining about his mom and shit. I bet money 2-12 is the same way
