It will be quickern I agree but three hours is really a bit generous, it all relies on RNGesus. And ouch really?
Really? They nerfed that? Damn.
Looking at statistics, the NFL has less concussions than college and high school leagues. I'm thinking its because youth players take more risk and don't think about the consequences.
Why would it kill that for you? I hope I need to do AS4 for it. i want to earn it and not getting it thrown at my face without effort.
Well the thing is, a WAR giving in to his Inner Beast is just a wild beast, while a DRK may not have the prowess, he can still think and is highly intelligent whem he gives into the Dark side. There is another comment chain in here where it's explained better than i can.
I'm not a native english speaker but I thought "dude" could refer to both men and women alike. Just like a mixed group of women and men can be called "guys".
Was hälst du von Ausdrücken wie "Deutsch-Türke"? Ich perslnlich finde das es nicht zur Integration beiträgt, sondern eher bestimmte Personengruppen abspaltet vom "typisch deutschen". Meiner Meinung nach ist man das was auf dem Pass steht, hat man einen deutschen Pass, ist man Deutscher. Hat man einen türkischen pass, ist man Rürke.  Würde mich brennend interessieren wie du das siehst.
The only thing lacking in PLD aggro is the snap aggro. Compared to Tomahawk or Unleash/Unmend(can never remember which is which), Shield Lob just doesn't cut it.
To be fair, JKR did say that she was a bit naive about the whole thing and thinking back she'd put Harry and Hermione together.
What always turned me off by the statement in the movies of "You have your mothers eyes", was the fact that both actors that played Harrys parents had blue eyes. Could never take it as seriously. Great edit though. Mr. Rickman saved the disaster somewhat.
Because Christians and Jews don't see themselves that way right?   Also &gt; Men are seen as superior to women That's just blatantly false. While it is true that it is that way in many modern Muslim relationships, it is not part of the religion. The Quran never says aanything like that
Awesome art, would love to comission something with you :D
Having sex isn't a choice to get pregnant. But nice b8 m8.
Fuck her that slideshow was great.
i think you need to look again xD "i've cream"
How are those two comparable? BC can fail, a woman shouldn't have to 'live with the consequence' of something she had no control over, especially if she went to all lenghts with both condom and her own BC.
So if you ride a bike and fall down and break your arm in a way that makes it heal crookedly if it doesn't get put back in a normal position, you should just accept it and not let it get fixed correctly, because it was your choice to ride a bike.
Fair enough. Though I do think it also depends on the judge.
Is the news that he 'protrcts' his tweets now? What a tool.
Especially considering they probably haven't analyzed the study. like for example:how many people were psrt of it, what were the test conditions etc etc. That is the problem with these SJWs they see a headline andare immediately dazzled into ignoring everything else. Another good example of a bullshit study is the one about vaccines causing autism.
The same way Christians justified their killings over the many years where we didn't have secular states: Heathens bring abput Gods wrath, therefore they must die.
Hey some creationists are asking for video proof for evolution from millioms of years ago. The lenghts conspiracy theorists go to just to feel justified.
Both sides have their jerks. I'd like to quote Bojack Horseman on this: 'Most people are already jerks and it's not like giving a jerk a gun(or in this case ideology) is going to make them not jerks.'
I think you're confusing immigrants with refugees, it's a common mistake a lot of germans make(including the press) If you want to improve senior citiziens life, make lots of children. The Generationenvertrag is at fault if there is poverty among senior citiziens(which I really haven't found to be the case anywhere I've lived yet). Retirement money was raised recently as well, so I don't know what you are basing this on. Citation needed.
I think you misunderstood what he said. (while I agree with you, that wasn't his point imo). Lets play out a scenario. We take someone who is already anti-gays. He isn't afraid of violence. Now that person sees someone in power pass legislations that restrict the rights of the people he hates. He gets a bigotry-boner. He sees more and more stuff like that passed and keeps seeing more gays pop up around him. He thinks to himself: the people in power hate gays and so does the extremist group I am sympathizing with. They won't punish me even if I go to court and even if I get the death penalty, my god will welcome me with open arms. Then he goes and shoos up a gay nightclub.  There is always more than one reason why someone does something. I am not defending him, nor do I blame bigoted bills for his actions, but I think thats what the commentor wanted to convey.
I agree that economic migrants are basically cancer. However I still need a citation for senior citizien poverty. In the future it will become a problem solely because of the lack of children. Currently however there is plenty of funds for the current retirees. I'd also like a citation where it shows that villages and towns are struggling. (Please no article from Bild though)
He should join the army then and be asked to be shipped to syria.
Heh, patriotism=being called a nazi here.
It's not grasping at straws if he literally said he did it for ISIS and his faith.
well, if you want to get rid of someone just call him antisemite, youll never see them again
What a silly question, there is always someone higher. It's an endless circlejerk.
Makes me think quantum physics isn't that hard to learn.
Amanda Steinberg sounds like a lovely lady if she informs these misguided souls to this extent.
This is without a doubt one of the stupidest articles I have ever read. While I am no fan of the Zelda series, it has its receipe that works and looks good. We all saw how well remaking something with an all-female cast worked for Ghostbuster.
Kinda sounds like the start of a Liam Neeson movie.
He has no friends because he uses fucking emojiis.
Yeah people will still call you a rapist, because there is no way someone ever made up rape stories.
I think I read somewhere that thats what some people consider "cool" on their cars.
Yeah because we should defintely regress back into medieval ages.
Not even for 1billion dollars, maybe 2billion bit certainly not 1 billion.
Are you really asking that? They look like cancer. People use them inappropiately and pretty much creep everyone with a brain out.
SMH when will SJWs learn to read more than headlines? You aren't paid less(thats illegal in most countries) You esrn less because of social factors.
&gt;smart   Meanwhile they can't analyze studies correctly or listen to logical, proven arguments.
Seeing their typing I'd imagine they have an easier time believing we came from apes, they clearly never evolved.
Funny how you have to attack to me personally to prove a point, which actually only proves to myself that indeed all SJW and BLM activists are the same. No real arguments? Better attack the person itself. I kindly thank you for the demonstration and reasserting my beliefs with your close-mindedness and also proving my point of not being able to correctly analyze. Have a wondeful day. :)
I can't deny that. They ignore the logic they so claim to defend.
Yeah being drunk doesn't make you do anything that you didn't already want, it just lowers the inhibition to a level where everything that speaks against sober you doing it, is merely background noise.
Delicious, bacony genocide.
Her tits are already out there afaik.
Well the bible does say to just pay 20silver and marry the bitch you rape and you'll be a-okay.
