I'm not concerned, Valdes has experience and can still perform given he gets enough minutes he sure will be a great keeper for us.
Roberto Carlos, that curve is almost impossible. He just loved to defy physics.
Banter aside, he has the right to be emotional, he played there and coached them at some point in his career. Even if he is to be sacked at the end of the season he knows the exigencies of the job he is taking and will certainly try to achieve them.
Começo a achar que ele violou alguma das filhas do LFV, só pode ter sido isso...
6M per year, let that sink in... if it's really an high investment I just hope he miserably fails.
Can't still comprehend how he turn to be so good after leaving.
Sorry but I do not agree, he is still a great defender, just gets mocked because he was unfortunate to be shamed by skilled footballers and then got that impression of average.
If by 'offside' you mean Chellini's flesh in the stands, I agree.
That's what thinking in the Javascript way does for you.
I say Marco Silva would be today Benfica's head coach if Bruno de Carvalho didn't advance with his claims that he doesn't have to pay the rest of the contract to his former team coach. Truth is, he probably had this planned.
Reminded me of Ronaldinho vs Bilbao. He plays much better with the national team!
RL Grime releasing a VIP? This is too good to be true.
If you really want this to have more exposure you should post it to /r/iama.
damn fam the original was already fire af, this is straight nuclear bomb.
I understand spanish and no, "mates" doesn't mean he is learning english. But cocks out anyway.
Would be a way to explain but I doubt it is the path OP wants to go.
Don't want to make a bad impression about Notepad++ it's still a great text editor but Atom, SublimeText, Brackets offer better/more plugins (packages), the community takes a big part on this as well.
This guy looks like the Colombian Varane, so fast!
Too soon to write us off, Van Gaal is still probably on holidays.
Competition or nationality means fuck all mate.
Fuck off 'true' fan.
Stil don't get why I'm being down voted. Glad it was sarcastic though.
There was no way we would splash this money in a kid if the scouts, manager and co didn't knew his potential. He adapted quickly to the league, shame he doesn't always get the required service.
lmao, you really did it?
Martial is a fucking beast.
Ronaldo is still very effective, despite his age I think he can easily keep playing at this level for 3 seasons.
This club and some of it's old fashioned ideas... it's beyond me.
Delusional, people shifting their opinions based in a match - seriously...  We just came out from 8 winless matches, an embarrassing CL exit and poor football in overall since LvG took over Moeyes.
His problem is by sacrificing himself with the most simple situations, the lad simply has a go at it no matter what.
They don't give a shit by what I read...
flume music knows no music genre, the lad is simply a electronic music magician
we need hucci back asap
No matter what we need to believe, I still like him - not so much his regression/long patch of poor form but we badly need to score.
A blessing in disguise - he's been awful as of late.
Agree with all except the shot on target (Darmian)
I don't think one can be judged for not knowing about this city. Didn't know about it, don't really know why is it so weird to accept it - nobody is born taught.
Doubt it, we already have Herrera who sort of has the same role on our midfield.
Don't get the downvotes at all but Loftus Cheek playstyle is very similar to Dele Alli's.
Oh yes, the tan lines and big buttocks...
It's Hazard, just because Chelsea is in a bad situation doesn't mean much - if he regains confidence he will be back in form.
Especially the goalkeepers, I'm shaking...
You must be new to the scene...
looks like snapchat to me
She's absolutely stunning, ass is a 10/10.
This is not OK and shouldn't be backed.   Anyway, the fact he just lunges at the ball every time he needs to dispute it and always concedes a foul/gets carded is so recurrent I seriously believe he should work to avoid it.
January will be fucking lit, new Flume and NGHTMRE - I will have a heart attack...
Be the change you want to see.
Can put nothing wrong this guy, I seriously never seen such a quick jump and hype around a producer like this in the trap scene.
probably the guy who rolls their joints again
I don't get the appeal with marshmello, his songs are basic and share the same formula.
