Lightweight stuff.. Threes and Lyne.   Limbo is a must for any mobile gamer imo. It is plain brilliant.
&gt;and mabye I'm a loser and just doing it wrong..  Doing things wrong makes you a loser? That is utter tripe.
The flash sale may actually end up the whole process coming off worse than what it was with the invites.  People falling over each other without any stabilizing norm is a sure shot way for chaos. Apart from server crashes ie.  Good luck genuine buyers. Scalpers and others will make it a heck of a harrowing time.
chinese supporting 2 rogue nations of the world is fine by them. Making false claims and threatening smaller nations is also good by their logic.  But India doing anything to increase their footprint is def OBJECTIONABLE? :D
&gt;  I'm curious why you would use that after he died.   You certainly made the query as if you had no idea about the connection.
Damnit!  Now we ll see the fertilizer hitting the fan at a new level..
Biggest does not equals mettle. All it takes is fan following/sheeples to rack up the numbers.  apple cheats its own loyal customers with loads of white lies, and the crazy people do not mind being taken for a ride.
The water damage issue. India's climate is pretty much carrying enough moisture to turn their paper's color. They repeatedly tell their customers that the device has been water damaged to avoid honoring warranties.  Even while at the addressing of antennagate, they made ridiculous excuses and made it a point that their devices were not defective YET offering antenna bumpers to boost the signal strength.  They advertised the pinch and zoom tech as if they had built it, whereas it was stolen blatantly from mitsubishi.  Their touchscreen tech was purchased from a firm which had invented a defective tech. apple implemented it as it is, and if the defect showed up after warranty period, they charged premium amount to 'repair' it.  Many more. (fappening leaks due to their rank idiocy etc)
&gt;kshamta   Props for using proper angreji to depict the Hindi word mate!  And then I read, instead of Sari/Saari- &gt;saare
Err.. Sahi boley hain!
And these people are/will stand first in the queue if they are offered quotas.
And amazon wont disappoint
&gt;Remembering how Indians speak woefully about the partition of the Motherland and listening to Pakistanis talk about India’s hegemonic intentions, I’m reminded of a dysfunctional family. The parent, India, keenly feels the loss of one of her children. Pakistan, an uncooperative child, ran away from home, disrupting the homeostasis of the family. He left, hurt and infuriated by real and imagined abuse.
ie IF we have options.  We gen go about choosing the lesser evils.
&gt;It is in our national interest to demolish the logic of the two-nation theory. We accepted it at the time of Partition, but we no longer believe in it. Our enemy — the people who hurt us — is Pakistan. Pakistan says Kashmir is the core issue. They have instigated some frustrated people to indulge in militancy. They claim Kashmir on the basis of the two-nation theory. This theory was demolished in 1971 when half of Pakistan seceded from Pakistan.  It first got demolished on the day when more than half the muslims stayed back in India.
Going by what pak has been doing all their life, it really does not seems like biased.
Heartening to see this! :)  Meanwhile with some other people- http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/30/family-planning-not-for-muslims-says-turkeys-president-erdogan/
pffft :D  Seems like scripted success has actually gone to his head. Sala phattu! ROFL :'D
Going by the history of people here asking such stuff..  pics or (whatever it was) never happened
Will the poms now learn from their masters? Those buccaneering brits ought to learn something from here.. surely?
She has a lot of reasons to be hated for. And I asked about what YOU dislike about her. AMA can be interpreted in various ways by diff people.
Nope. She has good amount of flaws in her.
To name a few-   Fake accent  Stupid tweets about her stay in Kashmir, depicting amply that she lacks brains  Ran off from the AMA when challenged/queried   and worst of em all..  Endorsing fairness creams!
I think it is nice that he is releasing it as a power point representation. He had released Panch's review copy via torrents, and this diff approach is going to have a better recall value.
Hyperistan na kar dein? Idiot.
pffft.. What delusion! :D
I thought islam actually did kept the females subdued and devoid of parity?
The dick you are, you also cannot use the search feature it seems.  Else, the dick bot would have been able to verify every thing mentioned in my post. But then, your creator certainly was not too adept it seems. Using caps and single lines is only thing your sorry life is capable of.
Dont bother. The idiot (u/spanish_dick)is def from ipt.
&gt; I've been on this page for several months  The thread was created 6 hrs ago. :D   So that makes it amply clear how clueless you are even while writing simple stuff, leave alone observing the past threads about the concerning news which came up in droves earlier.  &gt;these types of comment bother me. Easiest way to get into a good private general tracker?  Clearly it is you who has a warped way of things. And by extension, it is people like you who makes things worse for the community even.  Since you ll exhaust the lil brain you got, will make things easier for you - First up, these sharing communities are NOT supposed to be for profit making.   Before you bring a sorry excuse, DONATIONS are different than an entry fee.  Thirdly, any tracker taking money is bound to attract more attention from the feds, jeopardizing EVERY MEMBER AND THE TRACKER.  If you still cannot put two and two together, then you clearly are a lost case.
If you are an ignorant person and as you say you been here for MONTHS.. I cannot really convince myself to educate you by spending precious time for your enlightenment BECAUSE ANY SANE PERSON WOULD HAVE NOTICED WHAT WAS MENTIONED ABOUT IPT.. WITH SCREENSHOT PROOFS!  Secondly, you are the sort of a person who is fine with the idea of paying to get inside the tracker?!? That sort of bend of mind really is to the extent that classifies the brain as badly twisted.  Again, if you have been here for MONTHS, you would have educated yourself that getting inside via paying is AS HORRIBLE WAY AS POSSIBLE.  A person who purchases his way into a tracker NOT ONLY jeopardizes his and the inviter's account, BUT ALSO PUTS IN DANGER OF EVERYBODY IN THE INVITE TREE. Now, if that is not ringing any bells with your selfish ways, then I hardly will bang my head for you to gain some common sense.  All these things should have been clear to you if you had been here for MONTHS. That is if common sense had not eluded you vis a vis this whole pay for invite concept justification.  Even if I spend few hrs here trying to convince you with proofs and what not, I am pretty sure you ll find ways to discredit them.  Either try to search, think, or read what other have/gonna say. People like you are not wise to invest time with. So feel free to think w.e about my refusal to amuse you with links to proofs which are scattered in the sub.  All that rank bull shittery about proof from founding member to from the source whatwashisname only further clarifies how badly warped your thinking ways are.
&gt; and they shouldn't have any issues  There are far too naive people to fall for that trick of theirs.  People who do not even know how to force recheck their torrents, people who just want the content and get out, people who think pay to leech is a fine thing.   Those who have half a brain, I think they should not take a risk at all with the likes of IPT. All the hardwork will be shot down in a matter of few clicks. Spending time and effort on trackers like alpharatio/BB etc is much more worthwhile. Besides, it only will help userbase of IPT to wane a little bit.  IPT wont vanish cuz there are too much of sheep population around, but the small steps can help in educated more and more people.
&gt; The amount of content on IPT is undeniable.  And that is something I acknowledged first thing up. TL is utterly stupid to make the downloaders wait. Else, it has HUGE potential. BB too has got good thing going, but is overflowing atm and a bad thing for the fresh users. TSH never really took off after the initial promise.. I do hope they do get better members and content.  IPT can only be curbed if other gen trackers up their game, AND there is good information about their dirty ways in the open. People who keep looking for invites in the relevant sub reddit are gen not aware, nor are the member people who dole those invites out.
ipt and td.. Not the types of trackers to be mentioning about even. TC is a good one though.
ipt banning people for 'cheating' is one heck of an irony :D
&gt; how can i complain? how can anyone complain  If you are from ipt staff, and trying to make a case for that scumbag site.. Sure you cannot complain.  If you had half a brain, you would have understood the concept of file sharing and not advocated to pay money like the way you mentioned.
People should understand that this sub is not an inquiry booth.
DDoS after that thread about IPT banning a member popped up.  Cant be a co incidence..
&gt;These scientists should pe paid at least more than our stupid politicians  Woh sab toh theek hai, lekin yeh be ka b latak ke p kaise ban gaya? :D
Precisely!   The content on offer takes a back seat, and people are rushing in to get hold of buffer, that makes it defeat the entire purpose. People are concentrating on survival/leg room than the actual content.
&gt; It's both.  ofc you can say that. But the whole exercise gets ridiculous. Just like how some people use WCD to get into other trackers ONLY, and would not use it.. Similarly, grab the content to get ratio first and THEN think about looking for something else/relevant is not the ideal way to go about. It ensures seeding, but there can be other ways exercised to keep the seedboxing to levels where any normal user can think of getting decent ratio count.  Works in other situations where X gets his favoured content, seeds it&gt;gains bonus points&gt;proceeds to grab content without fear of busting his ratio (cuz it ll be mighty diff to get it healthy again).. that whole thing plays negatively on the psyche.
&gt;**Speed.CD**  Zek's evil corp is evil.
&gt;  that just comes across as a lot of rambling   So be it. Not really here to convince about how things are for a good chunk of people.   Not an issue.
As always, samsung being samsung.  Idiots have this ritual of placing these phones at a ridiculous price point.
Get me  a 4.3-4.5 inch screen device.. with FLAGSHIP SPECS..  PRETTY PLEASE!  Secondly, there is NO NEED to go ridiculously thin with the phones. Enuf already.  And dont forget to include the 3.5 mm jack. Like it usually has been. Seriously.
&gt; I'd say earning money is smart  More like the money being made is out of desp people.   Not everybody is interested in purchasing a chinese branded handset. I would never trust em after the reports of chinese apps/handsets have been reported to be reporting back to servers in their countries.
&gt; let you jump in the queue  I am not advocating that. Maybe something like x members from queue + y people from active chats to ensure the backlog does not builds over/queue time hoarders do not clog the slots. That is why I asked about this. :)  &gt;At least there's a form now for simple cases.  That is def a good thing to have happened.
Yaar.. Kyu yeh alfaaz bhaari padh rahe hain aaj aur bhi zyaada :(
Tons. He was a fantastic actor.
Too many good performances in that movie. But yeah.. Om Puri setting the scenes up w.e he appeared.. It was pure treat.
