Nice job!  You've learned a valuable set of lessons here that you will look back at in the future.
I really think it depends on the person.  I would just advise to enjoy the journey as much as possible.
Yeah man, those motorcycle clubs aren't paying their fair share!
Agree on both points.  Like what do you do with people that clearly simply want to live like animals?  Some people do.  Do we take them out of that situation "for their own good" or do we let them make their own choices and suffer the consequences?
I don't get it.  Why would you put up with that?  I would have simply withdrawn and then send the essay to the local media for publication instead.  With some choice commentary.
I like doing BI with a negative income tax.  So the short answer is that everyone else pays.  Over time though I've started to think that a sovereign wealth fund might actually be the correct solution.  Basically just slowly build up a fund that generates income.  Split that income amongst everyone.
Hit the gym, start fliring with other women, make less time for her.  If that doesn't work, then it's over.
Ok, so let's start with taxing oil extraction.  Take a piece of every well that drills on US soil.  That would generate a good start.  This could could be built slowly over time.  As we transition to post scarcity the fund gets bigger and the check everyone get's slowly gets larger.
I'm good enough, I'm strong enough and gosh darnit, people like me.
Telling poor people to get bachelor degrees like that someone is going to make them wealthy is stupid.  If you are poor you have a lack of money.  Getting an education *could* be a way to earn more money, but it's fairly indirect.  So we are lying to them like it says, blatantly.  However, telling young black people that no matter how hard they work they will never get ahead is even worse.  What kind of message is that?  Life is tough and if you definitely won't get ahead by coasting.
Using an emergency fund isn't a bump, it's expected.  It should constantly be getting filled.  Divorce is a bump.
It's not something I would be terribly concerned with.  Most drivers seem fairly passive anyway, more passive drivers is fine.  Beside I'm sure the aggression can be turned up if that's needed in some situations.
Not even close.  Too many issues to list date mag, bezel pearl, bezel text, text on dial, crown looks wrong even from this angle etc etc.  The guy selling it could very well believe it's genuine but from this picture I can tell you, no way.
This is the real issue.  Way too many people in jail for bullshit for way too long.  The pads are just a symptom of the larger issues.  Still sucks and is still inhumane.
Sometimes people want fancier dials and don't really understand that it's not legit because they aren't serious collectors.  We are talking Rolex here.  There are plenty of people walking around with aftermarket dials on real watches.  Anyway I can't give a solid opinion either way.  Certainly the dial is craptastic and that alone would cause me to stay away.
Or you could just compete with them.    I still haven't heard any answer as to why workers can't own the means of production now.
&gt;And where, in any of this thread, did I ever say that violent offenders should have heir dignity stolen and be treated like animals?  &gt; If everyone in prison truly deserved to be there, like violent offenders, then the issue discussed here honestly wouldn't irk me as much  Right there.  You said if they deserve to be there you have no problem with the status quo.  The status quo steals their dignity and treats them like animals by withholding necessary sanitation.
&gt;Eh, I'm not sure it'd be a civil war as such. It's more likely that it'd be a simple insurrection, perhaps based around a dual power structure, and it would only occur under conditions where the working class were already strong and the state already weak. Think of Catalonia in 1936 as a good example.  Oh, just an insurrection, is that all?  Are you calling for armed revolution in the USA?  &gt;Well the means of production are already controlled by meglomaniacs who use force to maintain their power, who use force to steal from their employees, who use force to control and dominate society.  This is a bunch of malarky.  &gt;The aim of socialism is to establish genuine democracy.   And let me guess, you get to be in charge? What about our current democracy is going to be different from your fictional world?  &gt;We absolutely care if we have the consent of the population because socialism could never be established - let alone continue to exist for more than 5 minutes - without it.   So then we agree it will never happen.  One can't even get most people to agree about what brand of toilet paper to use, let alone politics.  There is always going to be a significant number of people who think differently.  I suppose you'll just kill them in the insurrection?  &gt;Some (typically collectivists) advocate for labour vouchers. I'd rather transition to a gift and volunteer economy, whereby people work because they want to and where no money is exchanged whatsoever. The resources we create are allocated by need, rather than being allocated to whomever can pay the most.  Of course with you deciding who needs what.  I'm on to you ;)  Also what's the difference between a labor voucher and money?  To me a labor voucher is just a form of money.  &gt;P.S. I'm sorry about the downvotes, we can get a bit hostile around here. Hopefully it won't put you off socialism as an ideology.  I'm not put off by downvotes, but I am put off by the ideology you are claiming for your own here.  I'm firmly convinced it would be Stalin all over again if you got your way.
&gt;Capitalists, folks: if you don't have enough money, you're being irresponsible with your money. You should just be more responsible, that way you'll have more money. You know, living within your means.  There are actually two separate concepts here. concept 1) Handling the money you do have effectively.  Unless you are almost a pauper you should never be living paycheck to paycheck.  An emergency fund is a must.  concept 2) If you are a pauper, or simply want to live better, go out and earn some more money.  If you can't then you might want to consider what's holding you back and fix that.    Given that millions of people live responsibly, within their means and earn a living, what's wrong with you if you can't?  Maybe looking inward and working on yourself might be a better strategy than whining about it.
Same thing as the other thread.  We aren't even close to being on the same page at all, so there really isn't much to discuss.  I thought /r/socialism would be slightly more middle of the road.
Very much this.  It wasn't driver skill people, it was Ferrari engineering keeping that car straight.  Modern nannies are really really good.
We sold them a pig in a poke on that one!  Suckers!  We got you good Islanders.
Yeah it's definitely worth checking out.
Time heals all.  Good luck.
You made the right call.
Pretty much this.    In fact I would go further and say that you need to establish a good long term relationship with an attorney as you will be using one a lot.
I just have to disagree.  There are a lot of restrictions and requirements to building in Seattle.  If there were less regulations housing would be cheaper to build.  I'm quite positive more people would jump into building in Seattle if it were easier.
What a load of crap.
Ya but they got lucky because they are part of the vast jewish conspiracy, see?  Just to be clear I'm being sarcastic.  As soon as people start bringing up luck you know they are jealous.
I think you might be surprised when you get a chance to try it.
My advice?  Get out of california altogether and move up to Seattle. Lower taxes and cheaper housing.
Nice job!  Owning the entire chain and trying to get as close to the customer as possible is a good model.
It looks good to me.  It's an older code but it checks out.
Really?  You guys think pirates who attack ships and ransom the crew are just misunderstood good guys?    Fuck all you all.
Then let me ask you why bother with the degree at all?  It sounds like you already have some programming experience.  Why not make your own stuff and fill in the areas you are missing?  Nobody in games gives a shit about a degree btw, they care about what you can do.  This is why digipen is valuable, because you actually make stuff that is effectively a shipping product.  Classes more focused on technical techniques are the easy part, working on a team and actually producing something is the hard part.
I think you are on the right track.
&gt;If you are not a rich person, there is a very good chance you have been getting fucked for decades   Do you actually believe this crap that you spout?
I would argue this fails the test as there is a clear class warfare trend going on in mainstream society right now.  In other words, people do say this.
Human nature.  People want to be fulfilled and keep busy.
Even 10 hours per week is pretty crazy.  Hire a maid and bring it down to zero.
In other words some of this is your fault for not addressing this earlier.  I truly think you guys need to get some outside counseling and your wife needs a mental health eval.
I suppose it depends on how you count the 10 hours, but it seems excessive to me.
&gt;He's an idiot.  As is everyone that supports idiotic policies like price controls.  I mean seriously, PRICE CONTROLS are you kidding me?  This is eco 101 stuff.
&gt;No, I don't agree with it for any practical purposes, but hypothetically it could make the world a better place.  What it would do is wreak havoc in financial markets.  There is a reason we disassociate investors from liability, it's the whole purpose of corporations in the first place.    Furthermore you aren't punishing the actor, you are punishing a related party who may just be another victim.    So I'm not really sure how it's supposed to make the world a better place.
&gt; So maybe companies would be less likely to engage in this kind of behaviour if the shareholders were likely to feel the penalty.  Why would that be the case though?  Most shareholders are not in a position to police the companies they invest in very effectively.  How is it fair to punish them instead of the management?  What's wrong with simply prosecuting management?  Wouldn't it be more effective and more fair?
You should really listen to this guy.  I know it's hard for you to consider right now but you really need to follow the advice here.
This article is idiocy on display.  Taking an annuity would be a huge mistake.  It's just absurd on the face of it.  There is nothing preventing you from selling the future income stream so taking an annuity doesn't protect you from yourself.  You are taking incredible tax risk as you will be paying future tax rates.  Does anyone expect those to go down?     You are exposed to political risk.  I'm not expecting a revolution or anything but politics could screw you over a 30 year term.     Your billion is invested in something anyway by them.  How diverse is it?  Does the risk profile match what you want?  That's just scratching the surface, it's just stupid.
That's silly.  You have no idea what tax rates are going to do over the next 30 years.  You aren't factoring in risk, you are calculating it like it's a guaranteed return.
Can't be right.  Look around, everyone is dying of starvation.  Obviously the rich are to blame.  Down with everything!
I disagree that this is a good explanation.  This is bestof?  fuckoff.
