So they could move back in with their parents to save up some cash before they move somewhere more affordable?
Clearly the only solution is just to be broke forever in SF.
Trapped, yet unwilling to try and get out of the situation.
ONR is underrated
Deer are a problem in maryland because of their liberal politicians.
A majority of the feds I know are republican.
You're right dude, all these farmers are just willingly eroding their own land like idiots. No.
Dude, you're right. You're a random redditor and you know more about farming than farmers do.
I just saw that too, however, I thought to myself good for them. They're not selling some bullshit meal plan. They're selling the simplicity of identifying portion sizes for different foods, and letting you do the shopping on your own. In every thread like this, there's always someone saying they never learned portion sizes until recently.
It's a lot easier to avoid that candybar than it is to run a mile or two.
And those people can do the math. 150 calories per serving * 3 servings per container = 450 calories per container.  You all are delirious if you think an extra number on the label is going to solve our country's obesity epidemic.
God knows this would only accelerate the grocery shrink ray effect. Choose our product, it has 100 calories less per package than the competitor!*  *Our package is 10 oz less for the same price.
Her goal is commendable. The implementation, however, was horrid.
Didn't that jamie oliver already basically debunk this?
The whole food desert thing has already been debunked. And guess what, even if all you had was junk food, but you only ate 1500 calories of junk food a day, you wouldn't be overweight! You can "look" healthy by eating nothing but little debbies or mcdonalds or whatever.
&gt;If you've got a BMI of 30+, you're almost certainly fat.   Right, almost certainly. Unless you're muscular at all. BMI only looks at height and weight, and muscle is heavy. Think of the average NFL running back. Those guys aren't fat, but they're "obese" according to BMI. Really every conversation mentioning BMI should switch to body fat %.
Building more muscle results in burning more calories. more muscle from weight lifting makes your cardio more efficient.  But really, they could be swapped. Either is better than nothing.
Right, when I shop for BBQ sauce the first and second ingredients better be ketchup or molasses. But really, any bbq sauce is going to be big on sugar...that's what it is.
meat doesn't even need to be lean. where did this idea come from? lean meat is just as idiotic as fat free yogurt.
Tuxes don't fit your body that tightly man, wth.
I don't follow. They made the dress too big for your boobs, therefore is was too tight?
Right but they're [not to this level yet](http://www.ca-bridal.com/images/prom-dresses/weekly-deal-bridesmaid-dress-2012-012.jpg) where you have to watch your figure for three months.
Yeah totally agree. Somebody's buying it tho. People are idiots.
I would argue that whole grains that convert to sugar in your body, covered by more sugar, is still mainly junk.
Yeah, it should be. It'd be weird for it to be anything else.
As opposed to the alternative liberal train of thought where each and every problem should be forcefully solved by the federal government.  The best solution is somewhere in the middle.
Big surprise, yet another redditor who doesn't think reddit leans left.  Everyone in here is saying ricketts is an idiot, a fuckwit, a tool, whatever, but nobody is backing up these statements. How did you come to this conclusion? Oh, he's a republican, therefore he doesn't hold liberal values, therefore he's an idiot and a tool? Astute analysis there.  I mean, I don't even vote anymore because everything pisses me off, but when I see people so vehemently against somebody, I'd at least expect to see a few reasons to justify why. But I don't, and I never do. So I stand by my elementary assumption that we all should hate him because he's rich and has an R next to his name.
Think about what you're saying though. Even when wal-mart is "doing the right thing" by having paid check out folks and self-checkouts, **the customers are still choosing** the self checkouts over the employees.
You're being a bit ridiculous here, don't you think? This is a company with billions of dollars on the line to make sure these systems work right. Redundancy, safe fail overs, backups, etc. This isn't some unsolvable problem. Computers put robots on mars, control satellites, ships, rockets, drones, nuclear power stations, etc. I think we've advanced to the point where we can engineer a computer system to reliably take a fucking order at McDonald's.
If you were to walk into the ER in the US with ebola, you'd get treated just like that Doctor did.   Not saying our system is good for the poor, but if you have cancer or ebola or whatever, you're going to be cared for. The real problem is the lack of preventative care.
Well you have to pay for Obamacare now, so how's that working out for you?
No, I don't. I'm almost certain that the latest medical research and breakthroughs quite consistently come from the US. I'm open to being proven wrong though.
I know, we should make the taxpayers cover your problems instead.
That sucks, they should develop some kind of "patching" process or something to fix those things!
Fuck, you're right. Nobody is ripped and has a high BMI.
No it doesn't, bmi only goes by height and weight.
Sure, but if you're an employee doing this, you're going to no longer be an employee.
We do subsidize demand. Something like 80% of "farm subsidies" go to the USDA food stamp program.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/07/10/is-it-time-for-food-stamps-to-come-out-of-the-farm-bill/  I wish more people knew what they were talking about before criticizing that which they are ignorant of.
&gt;No one calls those farm subsidies, they are just in a farm Bill.  Bullshit, 99.9% of people referring to the farm subsidies are referring to the total farm bill, and are ignorant of what's actually in it.  &gt;I never said we didnt subsidize demand, I advocated subsidizing demand instead of supply.  Of course. Please do explain then, why you would advocate for subsidizing demand if you already knew we subsidized demand?  &gt;Thus more food stamps, and similar programs for nations with hunger issues.   *More* food stamps? It's almost as if you ignored the part where food stamps are the single biggest expense, by far, in the farm bill. How fucking ironic.  &gt; My point was supply side subsidies were bad  Ok, then prove your point. Because you haven't yet.  &gt;You were the one who spoke out of your ass.   TIL coming in here with "facts" and "citations" equals speaking out of my ass. We can only pray I will ever correct the err in my ways.
It wasn't this way until recently. There's no use making fun of a car that has 300+ hp, I don't care if it's a 4 cylinder or a fucking go kart at this point.
Huh, I guess I don't really pay attention to it until the national news forces me too. I just find it strange when people think they can compare a hurricane to a tornado.
There is. Now all we get is politicians who are already personally rich.
Fuck yeah! Now nobody can compete with the wealthy candidates like Donald Trump!
Yeah, people should totally just assume you're having problems!
I don't understand why we're encouraging shaming of people who are just being friendly?
Trades: A viable alternative to college.
I'm sorry but this is absolutely idiotic. Even in the midwest $38k is not a lot of money. You're setting yourself up for failure and disappointment.
Yeah, they're quite different, that was my point.  At least with a hurricane you have plenty of advance warning in order to GTFO.
Are you a cradle robber?
That's what I figured. Everyone wants to make it more complicated than that.
