Somehow this serves to make your TV look super small.  I like it though!
Dude, them icons in your tray are out of control.
Totally agree, I don't really like most of the popular videos or posts here anymore, and YouTube does a much better job finding me bizarre videos that I can listen to while working.    Frankly, this place is becoming a hive for talking about the content creators, not the content itself.
... Do you see what's happening recently? I don't think they care much about the users anymore.
Wow that's really cool? I take it you're an avatar fan too?   E: just realized which sub I'm in
This is a super slick site. You dun good, OP.
Whoa, we're getting street fighter chars in smash bro?   Turns out that was all it took for me to buy it!   I'm kind of out the loop, is this a new title or likely to be dlc?
I'd love some more info on what the new system will be like, Im hoping for a super charged portable system that easily docks with my tv when I'm home.
I know some folks who say they're perfectly safe to be left as permanent supports, but I'd rather have a permanent post in place, myself.
You think the trial is actually going to happen?  No way!  She's back in the castle, she'll use MountainStein and all of the dragon fire left in the city to wipe the faith militant off the face of the earth.
Seriously, the Unsllied have been getting torn up by rich suburban kids wearing Halloween masks.  It's not been a great showing, recently!
I feel really free now, not having to know what's coming next.  In a way, most of my enjoyment of the show was taintined by my book-knowledge.  Now I'm just blissfully unaware and can guess my heart away.  I personally don't think there is a chance Cersei wil stand trial.  She'll probably immediately seize the role of the Hand, grab a ton of power and go on a mad rampage, which will be great television.  I see her being driven to the brink of insanity by threats to her children and the desire for revenge.  I think she'll eventually parallel Aerys, and choose to blow up the city with dragon fire.    And I bet I know just who will have to kill her to make her stop.
Don't forget to buy AIG right when they hit rock-bottom.    It rebounded into the tens of thousands of percents from it's all time lows.
I'm amazed that no one recommended shovel knight yet. Super fun game with an awesome chip tune soundtrack. Every song is the equivalent of the best song from the 8bit Era. Super fantastic soundtrack
The studio behind this game has made some really fun titles. A lot of what I'm seeing about this game makes me thing it was sources to this studio to allow for dev time for another metroid title.   The 3ds is a natural choice for another 2d metroid title... I'm sure that we'll get one... Right? Any time now...
Someone should just sell a preconfigured homepass for like $40 and rake in profits.  It's pretty daunting to setup one on your own, I think, especially for the non-technical users among us.   In fact, Nintendo should just sell these things.
I love gigantic monsters in games!  Does Witcher III have super gigantic monsters to fight?
Isn't this kind of like litering?  I mean, like a glacier receding, won't there by smushed can chunks and things like that left behind after this lava rolls by?
I hate reading comments like the one I'm about to type, but you three guys were very funny.
Their real loosers
That's way less than $30k a year.  Did I miss something from this blog post, or was the author a bit, uh, incorrect in her math?
Also, I must say that your site loads lightning fast now. Good work!
They'll just give you a curriculum and make you study and teach yourself.   Our teaching strategy of having lectures literally stems from medieval times in which there was only one copy of a book, so the class would take turns reading it. People do not learn in depth technical content, especially the skills needed to create just by listening.   If you need someone to Crack the whip and grade you to force you to study, that's cool, you know how you operate.   But for something as popular as Unity, you can learn a lot from the community, and you can do it!
You guys submitted that to an attorney? Its all over the map in terms of tone and proper voice.   Still, she sounds like a challenge to work with.
Well, the future likely will not function on our current economic system...right guys?  I mean...we can't just keep doing this forever.
&gt; This is by far the largest battery to be installed in a smartphone so far  Good writing, gotta love these four sentence blog posts.
This response is especially amusing given that you said previously:  &gt;But I also tried to break the concept that you could only get large raises by finding a new position.  By telling your staff to seek out and take other offers, aren't you actually reinforcing this myth?  And I'm sorry, I'm not trying to antagonize you over this.  I know this is reddit and a pointless discussion, but I'm honestly a bit perplexed by your views.
OK, how the heck did Matt Smith get out of the Pandorica?  Didn't he let himself out of the huge box?    I felt like I barely understood the next whole episode, as I was trying to puzzle that out.  Also, why does the change from Tennant to Smith seem like the upgraded all of the cameras, hired new directors and generally did a much better job of visually staging and filimg the show?  Tennant's era kind of looked like crap most of the time.
Thanks for the great answers!    it's sad to me that Tennent didn't get to experience the more serious visual producution style and excellent vEffects that Matt Smith had for his whole run.
I'm sorry then, you're right, and I totally misinterpreted your response.  Surely you can understand my confusion then :)
Agreed.  I, for one, would love to see a WMI or CIM class that interacts with the GPIO pins.
I wrote that very poorly.  I was thinking multiple save states, which would be nice to have.  You are write, you can in fact make a Save State.
How much money was squandered making Dobby-Tennant, for instance?
My message to you has been to stop worrying about it. You'd have to intentionally be doing stresstests to ever approach the actual hardware failure rate.  Unless you're doing that...don't worry about it.  If you use tools like CrystalDiskInfo, you can see the amount of data written...but why bother?  It's not going to impact you.
Good for him. He doesn't owe us anything.
It takes roughly ten times the power to emulate something. So the 3ds running a port of dosBox, on a different architecture, and running Windows within that is frankly magical.
Til that more than 100 incidents perpetrated by 400 guys is simply a molehill.
People are very unhappy as Lucky repeatedly mentioned, as recently as last month, that they're targeting 'around $350' or somewhere 'in that ballpark'. Most people wouldn't expect that to imply nearly double the amount referenced, and it was likely obvious to Lucky that they couldn't commit to that pricing months ago.   Probably unwise to keep people's mental pricing anchored to such an unreasonably low amount. Conversely, the silent treatment we're getting from HTC makes a lot of sense.
Microsoft sells them to employees for $25, which is probably still a 20% markup, so yeah, I think $50 is a healthy profit margin.
This and the Rift, It's absolutely revolutionary, not sure why folks can't just budget about the price of a game a month, if they'd really like one.
He was great as a dangerous glass cannon tearing shit up in Latin America in Soldier X. And he was cool dying from his techno organic virus.   The coolest possible depiction on screen would be him being torn to pieces by the TO virus and ripping Apocalypse to shreds as Cable's last dying act.   Plus he comes along with the whole Askani lore, and they're super cool too, so there's a lot of potential there.
You should have down voted yourself.
It's so cold that the engine could lose a lot of heat due to convection alone.
Wheels on Meals was so funny, one of my favorites. There's a new drunken master?!
ohhh....awww I was so excited :(
Dude, it's a body shop, those items are wayyyyyyyyyyyy too much for him and the budget he's likely to have.
You're Reframing the argument, which isn't what we're talking about here.
I'd move the `drink beer` step up to ~ Step 3.  Ideally, you want to be hitting the Ballmer Peak right around the restore :p
In my opinion $25 is a very small fee anyway I'm not sure why this is such a big deal.
What an unsafe looking lab area. Broken glass, dirt, and then a full tank of oxygen next to propane.
