I love quake, but tf2 took rocket jumping to a whole new level, I honestly feel it's the best form of rocket jumping there is.
The joke dude :(
Tis' fun though.
Ah, makes me remember when 30 minutes was insane, now we are getting times of 27 mins easiely on solo runs if done correctly.  Damn
You are actually right, they are the most buggy shit on source lol.
The good ol' "Vip" weapons.  God that fucking game on the p2w side, shit.
The thing is that, it's true to some degree. The thing about Dota is that the barrier of entry is so big and so.. ruthless (I've had countless smurfs on the first 50 hours it's astonishing) that a lot of people try Dota2 and come back to LoL in like 3-4 days. A lot more people would play Dota if it was easier to get into imo.
Yep they did! It's pretty good now, go try it out! Nothing to lose since it's f2p.
Zhonyas is insane, it needed the small nerf. I would honestly buff ap somewhere else and nerf zhonyas to make the mega defensive item not be viable as first, like fuck. Imagen adc building GA as first item and being viable.
From I like it, into retards. Nice argument m8. Should become a politician or something.
Renekton has kill pressure, maokai just tanks like a fucking rock. I would honestly say mao is safer due to being untargetable when he uses his W I think.
Overall was pretty good, gods could of been much more, flexible? The battle just felt so slow for battle that are supposed to be between gods, it didn't really showcase the game apart of the gods and music choice was just... Bad... I feel like classical music would of been better (a more upbeat one) on this since gods are supposed to be this old mystical thing.
Something that all people should understand here.  THEY WEREN'T BANNED FOR THROWING, THEY WERE BANNED DUE TO RECIEVING THE SKINS.  If they never recieved the skins they would have NOT been banned like Skadoodle iirc.  [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvP5O30WWKg) is a video of Thorin explaining this if you guys want to know.  Now should they be perma-banned? Fuck no, there were no rules in this shit before that, now should they been punished? Definetly.  If rules were in place before this incident and they said that a perma-ban was going to happen, then yes I would agree with this, but they werent. This perma is bullshit.
OH COME THE FUCK ON, WHY IS IT ALWAYS A HOTS PLAYER?  LIKE FUCK, IS THIS GAME THE ASSEMBLY OF FUCKING RETARDS? FUCK.  /off  I've never in my life have seen a game that gathers so many game-wise idiotic people and I've been gaming on pc since I was 6. Now saying that I don't hate Hots players, I hate people who try and state an opinion as fact with no other way around it which I've been seeing again and again and again with hots player even on my own free time.  Holy hell what has Blizzard done.
Damn dude they should be payed. I know some admins who work hard their ass off for ESL and for them to not be rewarded with anything... I guess passion is something really big over there.
I honestly feel like a lot of people who play hots are just bronce-silver/2k-3k(?)mmr players who were not good enough for the other games. I also think they don't even like the game and are just there to try and find a group who agrees with them or something.  Like over here we do have senseless bashing but it's for good fun, over there thet actually take it serious. And as you said those threads appear there more by the day.  Also blizzard games lately get some really... Questionable people.
They deserve it dude, they honestly do.
I won't continue argue with the time thing, won't crack into your head.  On the smurfs things, you already have to deal with them for several games and there are smurfs who derank in porpuse.
Dota rng is Pre RNG so it's not by pure chance. It's pretty well balanced.
Because it's you and debating against you is actually pretty fun?
Please for the love of my sanity tell me you didn't find this on the hots sub...  Edit: I recognise those arrows, it's the fucking hots sub... GOD FUCKING DAMNIT I'M LOSING MY MIND WITH THIS SHIT HOW CAN A HUMAN BE THIS FUCKING STUPID AND THINK THEY ARE A GAME DESIGNER OR SOME SHIT AT THE SAME TIME HOLY SHIT. ALSO WHY IS IT ALWAYS ON THE HOTS SUB, WHY???????????????  I wouldn't be this mind-fucked if it was maybe somebody from another sub from time to time, but always stupid shit related to game balance is the hots sub, ALWAYS, FUCK.
I honestly don't even know what to think anymore with the hots people.  I'm legit losing my mind with this shit.
Yeah I already raged on this one on my own time. Like pyrage say he isn't saying any stupid claims about Dota or much on LoL so I didn't really give a shit... To some extent.
Chess has the bonus that is looked up upon since it's been this "vip" game that has comed through years and years. It's just too different to compare.  Now onto the thing that Dota is hard to get into, shit is true this game is hard and has several mechanics. Now can we make Dota easier to acces without dumbing down the game? Yes, like no doubt. Now how? I'm not sure if there is a way everybody would like honestly. This question can deserve a post itself.
First of doing something about smurf and trolls(intentional feeding specially), this two are specially something that I personally encountered almost every game I played alone on the first 30 ish hours. From what I've been told by friends who have been on the game for some years smurfs have gotten worse and worse.   Second that you could do is fix the punishment, LPQ is obviously not working at the moment now what can we add? Honestly the csgo method is most likely the best way, limit the ranked and if they don't have ranked enabled limit all pick and maybe even customs or add customs in both situations.   Third make guides and streams easier to find, the 1 guide everybody recomends is the welcome to dota, you suck. So why not make it official or atleast future it?  Forth rotate the heros on the limited heros mode and punish people who leave it.  This are the things I have thought of that can help new player get into the game and not dumb down the gameplay.
Yeah but they never rotate the hero pool and there is no punishment to leave, I tried it out and if people died they would go afk instantly.
I agree with that you can't stop everybody, it would be ludicrous to think like that. I guess I didn't explain myself enough.  Using the same analogy, the owners after getting some reports of bullys going around and kicking shit, they start trying to handle this as well as they can and after some months of tunning said system they see a deminish of bully reports. Did that explain it? I hope it did.  The system would take months to get it on a good state, but honestly the pay off would be worth it imo.  Also I'll quote what /u/ZeCommieCosmonaut said.  &gt;What would be interesting I think would be curated tutorials à la Custom Games that can be seen, downloaded, and worked on by the community and reached from the "learn the game" panel, instead of that rigid luna tutorial, where you are told to "buy that", "last hit this", "buy that", "now you push" etc... which lack the flexibility of Dota.  This would honestly help shit loads on almost every skill level.
Lux is mana gated just so that can't happen. She's a horrible champ if you want to do just that.
Dude, if that happens you deserve it. Lux has horrible roam the combo apart from ult isn't really that good range wise, she's immobile and can be presured by almost any mid. Also even with all that her E sucks at clearing and chances are that she won't have enough mana for a full combo (yes even with blue and morello). Hell, you can even shove her early on and she will be oom in less than a minute.  If she gets to that point for free somebody fucked up hard. There is a lot more shit wrong with lux but on your point this ones are the main ones you could try and fix.
I honestly think it would kill him on the top elos (D1+). The root power would be a nice change though but without the crit damage then he is too item dependant which would kill the kitty.  After so many years of seeing rengar changes I honestly bealive this guy is completly broken in the sense that you can't balance him without making him op or underpowered.
The critbuild from what I've seen has a lot more power early to mid though.
Then you need to nerf something else or make the fear last atleast half the time (because it "scales" with your movement speed) I can see it work to some degree but it honestly may be too snowbally. I'll edit when I come back from a game.
Because the guy is insane skill wise. Like legit he is the only champ I can think off that you need a top 5 mid to completly unleash the beast that chicken is.
Fuck it I'll just double answer. The reason this can become too snowbally is because fiddlesticks already is this insane aoe death machine (SPECIALLY because they WILL change the ap jungle item). Doing this without changing any base will make either fiddles impossible to catch or duel. it will allow teams to completly ignore tanks or front lines and be able to make like this patch into the backline (imagen fiddle being moses and the tanks being the water). There is more but we would end up with an extremly overpowered fear and a ok at best kit.
Mf can be nerfed but rengar is completly broken, guy needs a whole rework.
Gl with the project.  The issue is that being toxic is one of those special things where said toxic person will almost never realize they are one even if punished. There are obviously exeptions though.
Yeah, that is why people recomend capping fps on 124 if you have a 60hz or 240 if you have a 140hz.
If something like that happens I wouldn't blame you lol.
Shen is a pretty easy and reliable champion. Just don't fall into 1 trick pony category and keep climing!
Kog w only gives him a 10% overall dmg boost and jinx is on the aa reliant squad where they are fucked because infinity is shit and lw is shit. Aslo her rockets didn't deserve the nerf.
Dynamic q is going to kill higher elos, it will become a joke. Even hogher than it is now atleast.
Go to summoner school for this. Bealive me, it will help a lot more.
Then he would have to seek help himself or with somebody close to him. Hopefully it all goes well though.
IE with 2 items is pretty underwhelming. Reason lw is needed is because of the tanks and bruisers building armor like no tomorrow and casters adc have the abilities to deal with squishys, as reliant adc don't.
Huh, didn't realize for some reason. My bad. Still was frontpage a few days ago, no idea why I didn't realize this.  Anyways, rengar became stronger this patch. I'll actually quote what was said in [this](https://np.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/401pki/ama_disgusting_challenger_rengar_main/) thread since the guy is much better at rengar than I am.  &gt;jungle rengar is the real definition of free elo there isnt much counterplay to it besides praying to god that he sucks dick esp in the preseason jungle hitting that lvl 6 or just sustaining in the jungle with full armorpen runes is easy as fuck which takes away all the problems he had b4 toplane rengar ist okay you can shit on him in lane and make him useless or he will be the typical snowballing assasin like everyone else  Anyways rengar is due to a change and the banrate is only rising, I haven't seen the guy in over a month because he is being perma banned lol
Imagen an ursa that instead of the slow had a 2 sec root and that hes ult was an invicibility which would let him leep into anybody he wants to and you have to drop a sentry ward everytime you want to see him during his ult.  It's the best I could explain this.
Shyv, you only play amumu so you don't have the game knowledge to make udyr work without puting hundreds of games.
Try out anivia, bassicly a morg but steroids.
Do you want to be stuck on D5 and only play 1 champ or do you want to go higher? It's up to what you want really.
You just said it. It's not that the champion himself is complicated, it's rather simple, but the game sense the champ needs is pretty high. Make the margin of error smaller with simpler champs and then expand. Picking udyr up early is like using zed on silver and take hundreds of games to learn what would could of learn in like 50.
