I don't think I know the answer to that one. I've never seen any version with a sappy ending, only the one where he is captive, gone crazy and living in a fantasy world. I simply can't imagine changing the ending and whoever would do such a thing (along with the ones that approved it) should be drawn and quartered.
This is definitely toned down from blue, this looks like it should be a natural color for humans. :)
This is over the line for people? The whole required bank account did it for me a long time ago.
&gt;no reason   Ya, except for statistics on sexual assault literally everywhere that say this is probably the case.
This sounds interesting.
hot.
The EPA is a fucking joke.
&gt; tried a hitachi once  As far as I'm concerned this is like the briggs and stratton of vibrators, this would be overkill by a thousand for me and would kill any chance I might have to get off. Maybe try something a bit more gentle by a few orders of magnitude.
Insurance better cover that shit the same as viagra.
welp, I would rather hear what someone experienced has to say on this than winging it any day.
It used to be banned here not sure when things changed, I definitely don't like it especially when it isn't tagged appropriately .
Its too bad everyone thinks that sub is a huge joke.
Has nothing to do with paranoia, just dealing with reality. The marketers and advertisers have known these things as  facts for years it seems it will take a while before everyone else understands it.
Totally a bro.
&gt;spacedicks  they're just gross and crazy with no direction not something most people want to partake in but not really harmful to a specific group so not really the same as the other subs.
which is crazy to me when people are at an e**D**m show.
This is the correct explaination, too bad people refuse to hear it.
Actually 40 is near the end but even then there are plenty of women who have children in their early 40s and beyond.
I don't think I could dig up an actual instance of this, like I said this was years ago. But even so these skeptic-tards as they became known still creep out into other subs, they are obvious. They haven't researched a topic but from one angle they don't know about current studies and continue to nay-say certain topics since their favorite blogsters have done this.
She did profit by holding two jobs she clearly obtained by being perceived as black and more than likely would not have been hired for if she were white.
&gt; Can you imagine how fast that shit would be protested against and shut down here?    I really doubt this would happen. You are probably thinking of that one campus where it did happen but that was an insular case and a college campus isn't the real world.
Why would it matter what gender is committing assault? Probably easier to prove a male rapist than a female especially if it involved anal penetration but rape is rape regardless of the gender of the perpetrator.
&gt;I've been eating rice, pb and j, and cereal with almond milk for a few weeks now  Where's the protein and fat? there's a bit of both in the PB but I can't imagine you are eating enough to fulfill your fat and protein requirements.  this is probably why you are 'always hungry'.
Proper mental health practices. We have none at the moment, going to a therapist is still stigmatized, there is zero required mental health screening for children or teens. Availability/ accessability for mental health care providers are shit, there is no place to simply walk in and talk to someone.
If it's not maroon it's just wrong.
I keep thinking this week could be the one where cops don't shoot an unarmed man but it just doesn't work out.
&gt; here's the really racist part  I'll just go ahead and say it was already really racist before this.
&gt; "You're cute/hot for a black girl/guy"   I don't know about micro anything here, this just sounds racist to me.
I'll try to relax and pay attention then.
Not satisfying at all, why the hell would they cut it before the eyes were chewed up??
I usually downvote anything with a product that isn't specifically in a product oriented sub, I also very often report the post as an advertisement. I don't come here first and see them and then downvote.   So it would seem that many people are downvoting what appears as advertisements, could this mean some people don't like ads disguised as content?
I just don't have the energy to get worked up for this crap any more.
might want to look into a rice cooker/steamer instead it will cook much faster and is more versatile.
I have zero clue why you've been downvoted, this is exactly true. Florida's wildlife is in serious danger from these guys since they have no predators above them, they will flourish and eventually wipe out many species if not kept under control.
&gt; the sport   "sport", Nascar is a sport like monster trucks and wrestling are sports.   Edit: the butthurt nascar fans in here are adorable. :)
Why wouldn't it make sense? Seems to me it would make perfect business sense to make sure certain outcomes were likely to happen vs some random occurrance.
Why? They are scared.
That definition is making it sound much more grounded and logical than it is when in fact it really boils down to religion and control over women via religion.  That definition has been arrived at after the emotional/religious arguments already happened. They've made it sound more paletable and reasoned after the fact when in reality it is no such thing.
Um, no. That would not be acceptable.
wonderful movie.
&gt; one of the best movies Robin Williams   [The Fisher King](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0101889/)
&gt;  travel trailer  A goddamned heavy trailer.
you haven't even been together for a year yet and its long distance, you two barely know each other.
Is this really scary? I find it fascinating.
It's a form of community and a shorthand communication with a common group. Its cute, funny, and a shared experience between peers that all are in on the joke. Its enjoyable.
&gt; progress  this word seems to imply that someone took an initiative themselves rather than they were forced to do a thing.
If GA were to even think of fighting or balking at this every single movie, tv show and video would pull out of the state tomorrow. This is purely a financial decision on GA's part, but I guess whatever it takes to get us there.
I think I'm seeing donald as an extreme bit that Charlie has seperated from himself in a bout of anxiety and mental breakdown in response to the pressure he's put on himself to create this perfect artistic film. If he can seperate all the trite/silly/pandering/banality in himself then he can make the perfect film. In the end he sees this can't be done within the time frame alotted (or maybe ever for that matter) and relents to Donalds ideas. Those ideas were so outrageous Donald had to pay the ultimate price for it.  Such a wonderful movie, I just recently rewatched it as well.
so many great scenes in that movie.
Which is strange since this happened after The Station Agent, an amazing movie.
