Lol moron, I bet you didn't follow Madrid in all those years in order to make such a dumb claim. They were good signings.
Τhe transfer policy was definitely shit in Perez' first term but I think it's been very good in his second term.  I agree with the rest, despite signing good players from the summer of 2003 and onwards with the departure of Del Bosque, Makelele and Hierro things went downhill very fast.  My initial argument was about the signings themselves, they were good. Everything around them was bad though so the club suffered. I just wanted to make that distinction clear cause it's important and it's hard for newer fans to notice it.
So when people accuse repeatedly Iker for being a rat with zero proof no one should do something about it ? How is that fair ?  I agree that what happens behind locked doors shouldn't be leaked but if it does and it's lies then someone has to set the record straight or at least try.
It's meh. Anyone with decent football history knowledge though understands the difference between european cup and champions league. The difference is practically only in name as nothing else changed.  The important list is european cup and champions league combined. Gento leads that one with 6 titles, an incredible record that only Messi has a somewhat decent chance to equalise or even break. If he doesn't make it, I think no one will. Behind him there's like 8 players from Real Madrid's legendary squad that won five in a row and Costacurta and Maldini that lived through a lot of Milan's golden periods.  Then there are a few more RM players from the old days and the more recent magnificent Seedorf. After that, there are dozens with 3 and that's the jump that Xavi, Iniesta, Messi and Pique can make tomorrow.
No point cutting his revenue from youtube. It literally takes 1min to turn a youtube video to mp3.
Yea, guess what though, Link always sucked dick in LoL as most of NA since they are by far the worst in producing homegrown talent. And that's been exactly the same with Stracraft2 and CSGO.  Obviously those who fail will be bitter.
Wait a minute. Why is he the correct one and not a bunch of other pros who believe otherwise ? Let me guess, because he suits your beliefs.  I'm not into Dota so I don't have a certain opinion but it's very likely Dota has more depth than LoL. That doesn't mean LoL has no depth. There's always going to be games with more depth, Brood War probably had more depth than Dota, so what ?  LoL is a legit eSports. It's 2015, not 2011. No one can argue against that.
It's not a couple of months, it's literally half the season. Mid august to mid January.
Why dodge the question ? Feel embarrassed to say the truth ?
Both of the two groups of thought you are describing are wrong imo. There's just not enough data to be confident on whether he'll work out or not. It's a high risk signing, specially if Dani Alves leaves.
Lol what do I have to do with it ? I clearly said from the start "I'm not into Dota". You claimed "Link has formerly played Dota at a moderately competitive level" which is a ridiculous statement for which you provided zero proof to back it up hence it's pure bullshit.  Of course pros play for the money, that's the very definition of the word "pro", doing something in order to get paid. If you are investing so much time into doing something without getting paid you are defined as an amateur.  LoL had good prize pool tournaments for two years before Dota2 came up.  As for the last part, you must be absolutely clueless to make that claim. Plenty of dota1 known players tried to make it in LoL, prime example is Hyhy who was very famous and even was a big part of Valve's documentary free to play.
Don't know if this is a new rule but I like it.
So you think it's commendable for a player to decide to waste 1 year of his career doing nothing instead of joining other top clubs like Arsenal last summer ?  When Ancelotti came he continued starting Khedira just like Mourinho did. Then Khedira got injured and Ancelotti found other solutions in the midfield that showed having Khedira as a starter is not optimal. He also never played well after his injury despite Ancelotti giving him some opportunities.
Yea but they sometimes get leaked or there are rumors. I was just expecting something different based on the title.
I think Bartra is very good but it's pointless to stay in a team that rates you as 4th or 5th in line and there are rarely ever any injuries.  If Vermaelen stays healthy, Bartra will get even less minutes next season.
From the player's point of view, Bayern could be a great move. He could become an important player for them or even a starter.
It's a lot easier to act nice when you are winning.
Are you allergic with facts ?
Failing is part of competing, even the best go through it.
Because the midfield was by far the weakest line this season.
Hell yeah! About time the people decided about their future directly.   Looking forward to voting no.
Well, Rakitic is 5 years older than Pogba, he played for an inferior team and I also think he was on his last year of contract.
We won the Champions League in 2002 so we've won two CL titles since 2002.  Your initial post was one of the stupidest I've ever read in my life and I've read a lot of shit over the years.  I could analyse it point by point but it's not worth it. Just this part in the end "lucky like Ancelotti" sums it up nicely.
Still doesn't make sense. What does luck have to do with the fact we've changed so many managers ? We were consistently getting better each season in Perez' 2nd term except Mourinho's 3rd season. We got close to it when we lost to Bayern in the penalties, we kept being one of the top teams and under Ancelotti we managed to be the best team in the world and rightfully won the Champions League. Luck had nothing to do with it.  I'm not mad at all. I have the same state of mind regardless of what I'm reading. It can be something clever or something retarded like your post, it doesn't affect me.  As for stating facts, first of all you failed by saying 1 CL since 2002. Secondly, your manipulation of facts by picking dates that help your argument is laughable and suitable for children.  What does "past few years" even mean ? For some it means last 3 years, for others it means last 15 years.   No matter how you pick your dates, our achievements have not been "sad" compared to Bayern or any other team in the world for that matter except Barcelona who have had a legendary squad in the last 10 years.  Main reason for that was the core group of academy players Messi-Busquets-Iniesta-Xavi-Puyol. They themselves have failed to produce anyone even remotely close to that level of an academy player since Busquets like 7 years ago so it's obviously not a recipe that can be replicated. If that was the case Barcelona or one of the other tens of teams trying to reach the top would have done something similar too.  The reasons you presented (sporting director, coach changes, veteran players having power, good transfers) don't make sense. Barcelona's sporting directors were failures, their transfers were for the most part atrocious, they've changed a similar number of coaches and their veteran players have a ton of power too.
It's blunt but controversial means there are enough people arguing the other side and I don't think that applies here.
I don't see how the crowd supported Polanski. Not laughing at the joke is a neutral reaction, not supportive.  No one can doubt he's a legendary filmmaker. I've seen only a fraction of his work (chinatown, repulsion, pianist) and I liked them a lot.
I dream of a wheel of time spinoff novel about Luthair Paendrag crossing the ocean and conquering the Seanchan.  So many WoT books yet so little of its world and history is covered.
Τhe source is legit but I find it hard to imagine Barcelona going from having only MSN to having MSN+Turan+Vidal+Nolito+Sane in a span of half a season.  It would mean a super bench but it's just not how Barcelona operates.
Things indeed can change and sometimes you never see it coming.  Just by how things have been done in the last years in Barcelona, having a costly high level bench is not a trait of this club.
**My OGN wishlist:**  * Higher quality. Resolution =/= quality. Higher bitrate and better use of it = quality. * Proper VODs, similar to how r/LoLeventVoDs provides them. Emphasis on spoiler-free, all VODS should be 70min+long so duration doesn't spoil games. * A way for fans to show their appreciation. Donation or subscriptions/members with extra benefits. * Associate as little as possible with Riot as long as they don't change their tactics. Competition first, marketing second. Not the other way around. * Keep the korean scene strong so as to keep stomping the west.
Pogba stories sell a lot so with Zidane as a coach there will be even more stories about him.  Zidane for various reasons is a fan of Pogba, Laporte and Hazard. That doesn't mean he'll try sign them, it's just a possibility. I'm pretty sure Zidane himself doesn't know right now what he'll do in the summer if he continues as coach.  I don't think we overpaid for Bale. Right wingers are extremely rare and it was by far the best option for us that summer. It's mostly fans who were disappointed as they falsely believed Bale would be close to Ronaldo's level or he'd reach that in a couple of years. That was wrong, Bale was way below Ronaldo's level and needed 3+ years of constant improvement to maybe reach Ronaldo.  Pogba's position makes it almost impossible to have such a high impact on the game as forwards do like Bale. Even Xavi, the best midfielder in the last 15 years, was way below Messi on impact in the game.  Pogba could be a useful signing but if such a sum is paid it's mostly cause of the age and how many years he has ahead of him, not his current skill. Personally I'm not a fan of the idea, I'd prefer Verratti instead if it's possible to happen for like 75mil.  Overall I'm not too worried on the subject, this is all transfer talk and I don't think there will be any serious developments up till at least April-May. This year specifically with the Euro happening in June, it's very likely all the big european players transfers will be pushed back till July. For example why would Juventus strike a deal before the Euro since France and Pogba could do well and hence cost more.
Pogba hasn't been sold yet so there is no Pogba money.  I don't think if Verratti leaves it will be for more than 90mil.
&gt; I'm certain that Marcelo could play in the midfield or as a winger.   I'm not but maybe he could. The facts though are that Alabas has done it and Marcelo hasn't so he's less versatile.  Defensively, he's average. A lot of the time he's passive, the opposite player will get the ball behind him or will get the header and Marcelo will be around but doing nothing. It's true that he has a lot of weight on him, specially when there is no Isco playing on the left as with Benitez when James was played that sode defensively was a disaster.  &gt; Neuer...  It's true that he's not tested a lot but that can't count against him. I remember when he was playing with Schalke and he was getting tested more than any GK I've ever seen and he was magnificent. Also his blunders rarely ever result in conceded goals and that's important.
Beside the players, it could also be the fault of the management for hiring bad coaches.
Disagree, don't think it's definitely a penalty. More like a 50-50 situation with both calls being acceptable.  You are correct in that Varane didn't touch the ball initially but the problem is Halilovic in his final step before the contact changes his course significantly. He leaves the straight line he is following towards the ball and steps on his left towards Varane.  That going off your course to protect the ball is a grey area in the rules, it's not clear hence the ambiguity of that play. In my opinion, the ideal solution for that kind of soft fouls inside the area are indirect free kicks. I remember those being the norm in the middle 90s when I first started watching football, only goal denying fouls inside the area were considered penalties, the softer fouls were indirect free kicks.
The best quality internals all day every day.
Οkay. His finishing has stopped being good for quite some time now so even if he was set up to score more I don't think he'd have done very well.
Cool stuff but not as exciting as Bale's since it was already known that Ozil cost roughly 50mil.
This kind of info makes me believe Barcelona's board took very high risks. Imagine Neymar or Suarez flopping or the team in general for various reasons failing to achieve their targets, the income could be very low and that could mean an economic crysis and the club having to either not spend at all for a number of seasons or be forced to get huge loans.
Rotation isn't a switch to either do it or not. There's a whole spectrum in between. Rotating little and rotating a lot both have pros and cons.  At this point of the season I'd prefer the Ancelotti way and getting as much time for the standard 11+1 starters. The season has been pretty light with a small number of games so far and we need the first eleven to mesh well together as there is little to no room for dropping points in the league and we are in the knockout stages of the Champions League.
Do you know of any coach in the history of football that wasn't heavily criticized for something ? You are going to get criticized no matter what, that doesn't mean you were wrong. What matters is the record and Ancelotti and Mourinho are two of the best coaches in recent history no matter the criteria you choose to use.  &gt; Mourinho won the league by once again burning...   &gt; Ancelotti? his domestic record speaks for itself  I don't understand the purpose of those two points. Do you believe they are bad coaches ?  &gt; Pep does rotate...  I also don't understand this point. I didn't say Guardiola doesn't rotate, I said "Those are two of the three biggest names in coaching currently (third being Guardiola)".  &gt; we're stuck with a declining man-child who's playing every single minute and the young players in the bench.   He's still better than almost everyone and he plays every single minute not just because of his status but because he's incredible reliable, always being fit to play.  There's also plenty of young players playing, not all of them sit in the bench. For example in our last game we had: Marcelo 27 Varane 22 Danilo 24 Kroos 26 Isco 23 James 24 Benzema 28 Carvajal 24 Jese 22.  R.Madrid for years has had one of the youngest starting elevens while Barcelona has had one of the oldest. There's never been any correlation between age and success.  &gt; moderate rotation is required.  No it's not. Only basic light rotation is required so you don't completely exhaust your players but beyond that anything goes. There's multiple examples of success with light rotation.
If that means winning another Champions League sign me up!
I wouldn't want it because it's like €-200mil for us and €+200mil for Barcelona. And that's without wages which for Neymar it would probably be something like 25mil per year, which translates to 50mil for R.Madrid cause of the 50% tax rate.  So in just 1 season there would be a ~€500mil difference between Barcelona and R.Madrid. I don't see Neymar justifying that in the football field.
&gt; No, just that they're not perfect.  Well how good do you think they are then since you completely disagree with something so crucial for a coach. How much to rotate is like the second biggest responsibility for a coach after making roster changes during transfer periods and even that is a lot of times not handled directly by the coach but from higher in the club's management.  You can't consider them exceptionally good coaches as they are thought as by most now can you ?  &gt; Lol? is this sarcasm? Cristiano has been piss poor. He plays every single minute because of his status. He's another player who's more focused on himself than the squad, has to resort to kick/punch players now.   Sarcasm of what ? Who's better than Ronaldo in his LW position worldwide this season ? Neymar ? That's it, no one else.  Ronaldo has been poor by the standards he's set for himself over the years. By everyone else's standards he's been pretty good. He doesn't play every minute only because of his status, he has exceptionally good fitness and never misses games due to injuries too, something extremely rare.  It's not a problem focusing on yourself, you can't act for others in the team, the only one you can act for is yourself.  Ronaldo has been lashing out throughout his career, it's not something new. Other legendary footballers like Maradona and Zidane have had that behavior too. It's not something you resort to when you can't perform at the level you want. It's just part of someones character.  &gt; Barcelona plays their best players and they have a balanced squad. The same can't be said for us   What does that even mean ? "Barcelona plays their best players" ? Is Vermaelen that started in their last two games the best CB of Barcelona ? Of course not. He's the 5th best, he the worst they have. He's jack shit and got subbed out as soon as possible cause he was failing miserably. He's offered Barcelona nothing two years now and he's proven to be an awful transfer so far.  How is "Barcelona playing their best" and Real Madrid isn't ? Which are those better players in R.Madrid that get less playing time than worse players in their positions ?  What does having a "balanced squad" mean ? Having Munir and Sandro as backup for MSN is having balance ? Having Mascherano as backup DM is being balanced ? Having Adriano and Mathieu as back up LB is being balanced ? Having literally no back up RB for D.Alves for half the season and forcing S.Roberto to play out of position is having balance ? Are you fucking joking ?  And why doesn't R.Madrid have a balanced squad ?   &gt; and there's a reason why we've struggled so much in this last decade. We can't even beat a recently promoted Betis.   Barcelona failed to beat Getafe last season in a game. So what ? Did that stop them from winning the treble ?  There's not just one reason we've struggled, there's plenty of reasons. You haven't mentioned a single one though.  &gt; What is "basic light rotation"? I'm not saying we should rotate every player, just rotate enough to give other players a chance and not play players that are playing like shit.   Ancelotti in his first season. Playing the same 12-13 players as much as you can. Not giving a shit about Jese and other players you don't value. That's basic light rotation.  So many posts and I've still not understood which players you think they haven't gotten chances and which players get playing time while being shit.
&gt; We can afford to spend that much  That's your opinion, not a fact. In reality facts are since after the summer of 2009 R.Madrid has done some very careful spending each year. [Stats since summer of 2010.](https://www.diigo.com/item/image/5jn0i/v5i9?size=o)  &gt; Barcelona wouldn't be able to replace Neymar.   Another opinion. I remember people saying they wouldn't be able to replace Xavi, they seem to be doing fine to me. Imo Messi and Busquets are more crucial to Barcelona than Neymar.  &gt; Where did you get that number from?  Simple. Initially both RM and FCB are at €0 and Neymar is still at Barcelona. Neymar transfers to RM for 200mil and signs a 25mil salary which to RM means 50mil. At that point RM is -200mil and Barcelona is +200. Economical gap between the two has gone from 0 to 400mil. After one year R.Madrid has paid 50mil to Neymar and Barcelona has saved the 50mil they would have paid to Neymar. So an additional -50 and +50 takes the 400 to 500 in one year.  &gt; You're not taking into account that these payments are done in installments and he would be taking Cristiano's wages. Neymar is also the most marketable player in the world after Cristiano and Messi.   Well for starters, if Barcelona doesn't accept our offer and we have to break Neymar's clause, we'll have to pay his release clause instantly and not in installments plus the fact that there would be an extra enormous tax payment. But let's forget that and for whatever reason we are able to pay it in installments. No matter how many years it takes to pay the money, in the end you've still paid the same amount of money and that's the best case scenario since usually installments means more money.  You are right, I haven't touched Ronaldo's money. I only analysed Neymar's case. As you said, Neymar is behind Ronaldo in marketability.   &gt; We are going to most likely get record breaking sponsorship deals once we renew, I think it would be foolish to not buy Neymar if we could.   Since we are talking about hundreds of millions I think that kind of money is better used elsewhere. Renovating the Bernabeu, something we've tried and failed for like 15 years. Just selling part of the naming rights of the renovated stadium would mean like a hundred million out of thin air. That's good business, zero risk high reward.  &gt; Look at United with all the money they have and how mediocre they are.   Yea I've looked at them hard enough in the last years and they've embraced the idea of spending stupendous amounts of money in transfers and they've achieved jack shit with it.
I liked this post a lot more. I disagree with a lot of it but you made your points a lot more clear.  I don't think there's anyone in the world that has proven to be better than Ronaldo as LW this season.  I agree that Barcelona's starting eleven functions a lot better than us this season.  I'd also like to see Kovacic and Casemiro play a bit more although I understand why Kroos and Isco are chosen almost always ahead of them. Kroos and Isco have proven in the past that they are good. Kovacic and Casemiro are still trying to prove it and R.Madrid can't afford to give many chances.
&gt; Laporte has a contract until 2019 and I'm willing to make a bet that Athletic Bilbao won't sell for less than his release clause.  Well, maybe another rich club like United might go ahead and pay the release clause but I'm confident that Laporte will leave Bilbao (unless he gets seriously injured ofc) and if he joins Madrid it will be for less than the release clause.  &gt; http://i.imgur.com/A1emBEM.png   &gt; I would prefer Hazard if we were to get Reus to be honest.  That's 2 missed games due to a toe injury (I hope you don't believe getting your toe hurt adds to being injury prone) and 5 missed games due to small muscle issues which is pretty standard for a 5 month period of playing games.  As for Hazard, last season sure but this season Reus has increased his level and Hazard has dropped to utter shit.  &gt; http://www.fcbarcelona.com/club/detail/article/season/2013-2014/el-projecte-del-nou-camp-nou-tindria-un-cost-de-600-milions-deuros   &gt; http://www.fcbarcelona.com/club/detail/article/referendum-on-new-stadium-to-be-built-over-existing-structure-on-5-6-april &gt; More than what I initially said. I wouldn't care if they built their stadium, buying Neymar would be better.   Yea, that was the plan 2 years ago. Since then a lot have changed, there is a different barcelona president and board members and there is no plan for renovating Camp Nou anymore or at least it's not known to the public.  You might not care about Barcelona building a new stadium but Real Madrid cares for various reasons.  &gt; Please tell me you're joking? even Bayern fans admit Suarez and Neymar are better and have been better than him.  No I'm not. Where are these Bayern fans claiming that ?  &gt; I have been watching the majority of Bayern games. Muller and Douglas Costa have been better in my opinion.  I've watched a lot of Bayern games but not most of them. I think Lewandowski has been the best in the world so far.  &gt; Are you seriously using the Ballon d'Or votes as your argument? Suarez and Neymar have both been comfortably better than Cristiano this season.   Why not ? There's not many objective arguments about the subject are there ? Throughout 2015 Suarez and Neymar were in a team that overall performed a lot better than the one Ronaldo and Lewandowski and everyone else for that matter were.
Yea I know. It's a huge project that will almost certainly mean the club will get huge loans for it. So what I'm saying is simple, use that money or a part of it for the renovation so you loan less. A huge loan means less money for future transfer seasons.  So if hundreds of millions are available like you are saying, I think it would be better to balance the money between buying players and renovating Bernabeu.
Meh i'm not convinced casemiro would work better than kroos but he could get a bit more playing time.
Money always matters and the last time there was serious work done for the stadium was 10-15 years ago.  Once again you've failed to yield results in your campaign to show I'm clueless.  I obviously pay attention to what I say and write. That's common sense.  Never claimed we couldn't spend money and renovate, I said I'd prefer not to use 200+mil on Neymar for reasons I've already explained.
