I actually imagine it's like an acid trip for a dog. Think about it: dogs get a whole lot of information from their super sensitive nostrils. They sniff so much on walks... Driving has to push all that info in at highway speeds! All the smells blasting into their nose, like listening to every radio station at once!   It's gotta be wild.
I think that the difference comes from the depth of understanding, if that makes sense. Any teenager can write a song about anarchy after reading the definition in the dictionary or getting misinformation from friends... When you get to bands like Propaghandi or the Dead Kennedys, the lyrics seem simple but cover more intensive to topics, something you'd have to be at least a little well-read to understand. This comes out really well when songs discuss specific political events, or get into a vocabulary that's more esoteric. You can still write fucking goofy songs anyway, though. I mean, Dead Kennedys did "Rawhide," and "Stealing People's Mail" for crying out loud.   I think something that gets forgotten or dismissed is that, sometimes when these songs are written, the people writing them aren't informed or just young and dumb. The songs get popular, people love 'em, they stick around. There's nothing wrong with it, just like there is nothing wrong with goofy songs, or sings you just don't agree with.   As long as you remember there's always more to it, more to learn, and more out there, it'll be alright.
Pretty sure the empire considered it, but with the stormtroopers aim? Fuggettaboutit.
I think there might be some confusion between idea that it's "arbitrary" versus "arbitration," which uses a non-court system of settling disputes. It's still legally binding, since both parties agree to the process before going into it, and have to abide by it once the decision is rendered. It's just not a "real" court.
"I like small tits, but this is ridiculous." Groucho Marx
Just ask yourself, how many black people do you see flying the Confederate flag? Ever?
I saw that a bit when I was in town a couple of weeks ago. I don't now, nor ever, like seeing tags in the woods. Abandoned buildings is fine, even abandoned buildings in the woods... But don't fuck with nature. If graffiti is a protest against urban blight and colorlessness, then nature is already the antidote.   Sorry. /rant
I think I heard that the Grimes location shut down? Am I totally wrong about that?
Hey, you might have saved her life by letting her know she was crossing against the light!
I dunno, that "poor audio quality" sells it even harder for me. It gives it that "demo tape you got at a basement show" vibe, which is usually an awesome thing.
Your idea of a "clunker" kinda makes me wonder what else you ride. Sure, it's old, but it can't be that bad. I can't figure out what year model that is, or the group set from that photo.   I'd start by figuring out what works and what doesn't. New cables, repacking bearings, cleaning the chain... That can all be done on the cheap. New tires, if those are old, dry, or gnarly.  Then, just ride. You'll figure out what needs to be replaced as you go. Stuff like saddles, handlebars, pedals... That comes from figuring out what you like and don't like about what you have.
If a punk band does a pop-style song, is it pop? Also, is something art just 'cause you hang it on the wall?
First aid, BLS (basic life support) CPR, and maybe watch a video on how to identify a stroke victim.   You don't need to know everything about universal precautions, but knowing how to deal with someone else's fluids isn't a bad idea, either.
&gt;W-what is going on with JGL's face... He looks like a frog.  He does look like he's standing in a hole... I'd guess it's about...knee deep.
Sweetbabyjaysus's YouTube channel is a goldmine, for real.
I think "no"  describes that whole switch.  Get thee to Home Depot and fix that mess!
I'd try this,  but I kinda prefer having my teeth in my mouth as opposed to on the street and stuck to grip tape.
I'm sure one of the *first* things he'll do is start closing loopholes that his fellow business owners and his own businesses use. Sounds reasonable.
I know other people have asked if this copies an existing wallet design... which it does *BUT* you spent about the same as the cost of one wallet on tools and supplies, made your money back selling surplus, *AND* you still have an awesome looking wallet! Not to mention the tools necessary to make other good looking leather pieces, should you want them.   That's good thinking.
If that's birth control, you straight gonna get preggo.
Did you just ask a loaded question so you could say racist shit?  I just asked a rhetorical question so I could call you racist, so it's highly possible.
If the gods count that as a sacrifice, it just might be.
I was hoping it would be stacked in the order of the old Big Mac song, but no such luck there.  (Two all-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun...)
The entirety of The Vapors "New Clear Days" is waaaaay better than you'd think after listening to "Turning Japanese." The follow up album, "Magnets," is also pretty good.
Okie Dokie Man! He's.... alright, I guess!
Well-groomed is defined by the place you work, not by the internet. Look at least as good as the worst dressed person there, if not better.
If he wasn't eating all those Pop Rocks, he might not have slid out.
It's an annoying ad campaign for Orange Fitness. I've seen it in other cities as well, so I assume it's a cooperate decision. It is a waste of bikes, and looks terrible.
I think this song is the worst song on that album... The rest of it is so freaking solid! It's fantastic power pop, and worth checking out.
It's generally looked down upon. The main reason being that lower-income people get pushed out of a living situation without a whole lot of options. The people who profit from pushing poor people around are generally rich property developers.   This is really problematic in neighborhoods that are traditionally made up of minorities... Such as the Mission District in San Fransisco, East Austin, and the Central District in Seattle. All of these places were cheap, which attracted artists and other creative types who improved it to their needs, and made them generally "cooler." People with money noticed that cool things happened in these places, and swooped in with new buildings and businesses and pushed out the traditional and long-standing businesses and people.    I don't know about the minority population in San Fransisco, but I know in both Austin and Seattle they are in decline because people simply can't afford rents spiking into the $2- 5k range.
I like everything but my tan lines, but tanning is dumb. Also, the sports I like (cycling, mainly) just keep reinforcing the dark arms and pale pale chest.
Wait, do you want to *not* eat at home before riding, or are you planning on eating, snacking on the ride, and then having a shake?   You can do "fasting rides," but generally that's a part of training. It gets your body geared toward using your stores of energy (fat) instead of relying on you have eaten... But one of the keys to that is not pushing yourself too hard while doing that.   I imagine 20km should take you 45 minutes to an hour, depending on traffic.  I think it's possible, but it might not be comfortable.  Personally, I'd eat breakfast. Maybe some overnight oatmeal, the kind you don't boil? Or just a bowl of cereal and a banana. Just enough to get going so you don't bonk on the ride.
Number 8 is definitely my "uh oh" moment, as in "uh oh, that's one beer too far."
First, if you like drawing, keep doing it and don't stop. Draw hundreds of pictures. Thousands, even. You'll improve (and this is NOT a bad start, because it's looking pretty good). You might not get better with every drawing, but it will improve overall.  Plus, it's fun!   Second, if you *really* like drawing try to learn about drawing as you practice. There's tons of books about every style of drawing, tons of YouTube videos, and as many art classes as you can stand.    Basically, practice makes you better, and learning techniques and tips helps you practice more effectively so your practice sticks in your brain better.
I believe you are correct.
I kinda have two.   First: Leave it better than you found it. This is great for things like my job, where I share a desk and office with others. I try not to leave a mess. This gets hard in places like public restrooms, and there's things I won't do... But I can always pick up a few extra paper towels, change out the TP, and make sure I didn't leave any shit splatters.   Second: You can always be the first to do the right thing. Same vein, different circumstances. As a person sharing a planet with billions, you can always take the lead in doing something positive to help and benefit others.
I moved from Dallas to Seattle, where they've just started another round of dockless bike sharing. I think the first business collapsed with lack of use, but now there are three competing companies.  Personally, I haven't used them but I still love the idea. They are cheap, always nearby (especially near campus), and really robust for the abuse they get.   Some people here hate hate *hate* them, and there's photos of bikes in the lake, bikes in trees, bikes getting thrown off bridges...  Lots of complaints here on Reddit about them being an "eyesore," but it's Reddit, and people complain about everything. But damn, you can park 30 bikes in the space for two cars and parking is a constant nightmare.   My question is, other than across Deep Ellum, where are people going to use them? Lots of people don't like urban riding.
Anything by Mary Roach. *Stiff, Gulp, Bonk...* It's approachable facts and interviews about various gross things. They are very entertaining.
Maybe? I've never tried it. It's worth a test shot.
I've always wondered...when you sprayed those, could you hold up a lighter and make a little flame thrower? I'll bet you could.
Do to think they are just the ones you notice *because* they are so loud and annoying? Maybe the chill Americans don't draw as much attention to themselves, so you think they are Canadian.
Oh, fuck yes. It would totally work on instant oatmeal packets or quick oats. I don't know if it would work on traditional or steel cut oats, but if it does, someone let us know! I love steel cut oats.
I'm going James K Polk as a dark horse to win.
I think his Addison's disease would take him out of the running.
I feel like I hear about that a LOT in the animal kingdom.  We'll just call it a "extra-late late-term abortion."
Logic "isn't allowed?" Or does he CHOOSE not to? There's a difference.
Topo Chico, hands down. Hard to find in this city though. It's even worse since they closed the Red Apple on Jackson St.
He sings too? *Swoon.*
I don't know the real answer, but I do know that guy is a dick. "I don't know how to walk a reasonable distance from cars. It's the car owner's fault!"
Have the Grammys recognized any punk band ever? It's a scam show for pop music, not for actual talent.
