Eh, not really. The ones that are used around the world are much more simple and cheaper than the ones used in the movie...  The tarted up, leather appointed luxurious ones used in the movies fetch upwards of $110,000 and were placed there for product placement more than anything...
She'll have a hard time getting citizenship in Canada don't worry
This is complete BS
I wouldn't be surprised if it was driven by a soccer mom trying to convince all her neighbors about the legitimacy of Arbonne products...
Exactly, the issue isn't speed, it's enforcement.  There is nothing wrong with the 40/50 kph speed limit,  it's the enforcing that is lacking, that and bozos who jaywalk and bozos who can't drive to save their own life
All the dashed lines mean is that you're allowed to cross them. You can't cross a solid line, not that anyone in this town cares.  I sometimes think why we even bother with traffic laws at all...  /s
I believe Queen West/Kensington is a bit of a dump. OK, maybe not dump, it just could be better. I've encountered some true asshats there, moreso than other parts of the city. From randos on the sidewalk to incredibly arrogant and fairly rude restaurant owners.   I don't find anything wrong with a delivery driver slightly blocking a bike lane and wished people would just get on with their lives and stop being so damn butthurt over it and just continue their ride/commute.   As much as I like streetcars I think they hold up way too much traffic on streets where they don't have a dedicated line. I too would like trolley busses.  I like driving downtown and absolutely hate the idea of the war on the car. There are too many industries that depend on car travel that are located downtown.
That's a bit extreme if I'm honest.
"Must also befriend a Jew" should be a requirement too
Although I do agree a large majority of the blame lies with the driver, Toronto's traffic signage is also overly complicated and too text-based in many circumstances.  Take for example, the left turn restrictions signs that display a time period where you cannot make a left hand turn. I have good vision, and I struggle to squint and read the times displayed, making me sit in the middle of an intersection while I figure out if I'm allowed to turn or not. Why not just make the damn text bigger? or install those electronic "no left turn" signs at every downtown intersection?  And here, instead of having another sign that says "left turn signal" why not just display a left arrow on the lens of the corresponding signal light? Honestly people are just confusing it for the transit signal probably....  Something like this even:  http://i.ytimg.com/vi/0PtmBsmSQnc/0.jpg  tl;dr Drivers are incompetent yes, but traffic signage is seriously outdated too
No no, what I'm saying is instead of the sign AND the corresponding traffic signal light for the left turn lane, they install traffic signal lights that have little "left turn"  arrows for each of the colors.   it's exactly like those green forward arrows you see on some traffic lights,  except the arrows would be pointed to the left and there would be an arrow for the yellow and red light as well.   Wouldn't that just be easier? And they can even have a light that permits U-turns.  They're very common in Europe and much much easier to decipher when you're driving.
Yes, we need these at every intersection where left turn restrictions exist. Those miniscule time schedules at the bottom of the existing signs are stupid.
Do you clean up after yourself at a restaurant?
That's because the city is full of two types of bozos:  Those who have absolutely no care for how to design a road system and just copy and paste the same design and intersection type everywhere, so of course people have no idea what the hell to do when they come across something like this.  The bozos driving who treat driving like a secondary action after checking Facebook, texting, changing radio stations and what not.   I've driven there, there's no god damn reason why someone who is paying attention and has half a brain can't successfully navigate around.
The picture in the list does not correspond with the car though. Pictured is a regular Volvo V70, but the car in question is actually the fairly rare V70-R (for the time rare, however now it's considered a "unicorn").   If you had one of those that would be really cool.   Here's a picture    https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/77/Volvo_V70R_AWD_%286073666554%29.jpg/1280px-Volvo_V70R_AWD_%286073666554%29.jpg
Yeah they do, into their own lane. You don't get first pick at whichever lane you'd like.
That's ironic considering how diluted it already is..
Take note Dean Blundell, this is a respectable radio host, not some dim wit making fart jokes on the morning radio show for 14 year kids you asshat
I still like Mark Tewksbury more
This is probably why they have Autoshare and Zipcar vehicles located in the parking lots..  And trust me just enrol one/your family members vehicles (because they need the ownership too for registration) and swipe the mirror pass for every car, the parking enforcement do not look up every pass number to make sure it's registered to the parked car, if it's there it's there, and they move on.
You just went ahead...and made a new streetlight? Probably not a good idea..
You are so smart
I agree, they're stupid big and look goofy
Let the liquor do the thinking Rand...
He was someone's kid man come on...
Unfortunately that statement is applied to many, many things around here...
I prefer "shit hawk"..
Well son that's a mere $45 million NOT going into the pockets of the filthiest richest men and women of RBC, and that my friend is simply unacceptable!  /s
I highly doubt there have even ever been manual transmission police cars anywhere in the US/Canada..
Sure, but it was probably the best textbook I've ever had.
I'd really love to see GO operate more European coaches, maybe some Setras or Van Hools, but it's highly unlikely I guess...but those buses are really comfortable
Assuming you're referencing a merging lane...  If drivers used both lanes equally you would not have a "slow lane". It is called zipper merging, it's efficient and moves both lanes at fairly equal speed without causing monumental backups and frustrations.  And not to mention it's still a lane of traffic until it ends its not as if they're overtaking on the shoulder..push "kindness" aside and follow the rules of the road, it's the fairest way.  What I personally hate are those asshats who cross over from the far right lane onto the parallel on-ramp lane in heavy traffic to merge in front of everyone.
I look forward to the day when people will stop posting these fucking photos. This will ALWAYS happen, regardless of what you cry about, idiots will be idiots. Move along and get on with your day already.
You laugh, but having that attitude is just as bad. A lot of laws and regulations passed in Canada and North America seem to only come about after tragedies and injuries occur, which is both incredibly unsettling and dangerous. We don't seem to plan and think to avoid said accidents before they occur, only afterwards, which by then we've already lost a life or two.   Case in point, a few years ago a cyclist was trapped underneath the wheels of a truck because side skirts were never mandated on large trucks to prevent the very accident that took the soon-to-be mother's life. In many parts of the world, it is unthinkable to design such a large vehicle with such an obvious safety flaw. It made the news, Wynn made some half-assed promises, but nothing ever came from it. I guess sadly enough it'll take a few more serious accidents/deaths before we realize "oh wow maybe we should've thought about this a little better ffs". Another example was Lac Megantic, because of the ancient safety "technology" in use throughout the industry. We bitch and moan about wasting tax dollars on needless precautions but I guess to some the risk is worth it to some until it isn't anymore...sad isn't it
FWIW those yellow lines in the road are mere suggestions, which I find incredibly stupid but still..only solid white lines are lines you cannot cross but nobody gives a flying F about those either.
I find in any major city the bus terminals attract..."interesting" characters..
Absolutely, but it's stupid in the sense that if you hadn't been there, he/she wouldn't be breaking any laws. In Ontario it only breaks the law when you dangerously overtake, which is often left to the discretion of any officer that may have witnessed you. I find it leaves way too many open ends, and instead they should either paint the lanes white or change the laws on yellow lanes.
Yeah really, some regulations are so idiotic for no good reason, like give it a fucking rest already
Holy shit please no. They just voted to stay, they'd be incredibly stupid to leave, with their industry of what...asbestos?
Too many markings? I don't think so. You wouldn't need any signs. I'd hate to do anything like the US to be frank. I'm all for more symbol based signage FWIW. But anyway it could be:  Double yellow= Do not pass   Dotted yellow= Pass when safe to do so  (I honestly have no idea what single yellow means lol)  Or we could be like much of the rest of the world that uses white lines only. Have you ever noticed we have both yellow and white lines? Talk about confusion.
Just don't eat, that way to make sure you don't ingest *any* pesticides!
I want to see more warning signs in the area. The highway lane dividers (that divide the respective exits to the 401 east/west and Black Creek) need to be brought MUCH further out into the ending lanes of the 400.   I'd like to see large signs that state the highway is ending because in fact it is and people need to be slowing down. Speed reductions to 70-80 km/h posted with large signage, preferably illuminated as well. Rumble strips too. Solid white lines to defer lane changes as you're approaching said exits...  I'm not saying implement ALL of these, but currently there is virtually no warning stating that traffic could suddenly stop dead. That corridor is beyond dangerous   Example of illuminated speed signs (though I'd also like to see Canada adopt the UN international Convention on road signs though that's highly highly unlikely and not the point here :))  http://l7.alamy.com/zooms/85eb4af5f16a4e31bd8f5fdc1fca224f/illuminated-speed-limit-sign-against-clear-sky-fbmddx.jpg
I agree and disagree with your post. I'm sure the construction companies can only do so much to keep everything safe, but the MTO NEEDS to redesign that entire stretch....it's severely flawed as is.    And yeah, people are stupid too.
This really is a special place isn't it
My god what a spectacularly English response. Bravo
So then what? Guillotine? She's a colossal piece of shit I agree but adding years and years to someone's sentencing won't change anything.  Imagine spending the time from 2010 up until now away locked away, it's still a long time.  I'm not being sympathetic in the least bit but 7 years is a long time. It's still manslaughter, not murder.
Learn Fahrenheit? Why, exactly, when 99% of the world uses C?
It's "disgraceful"? Really man? It's the easiest and most common temperature scale to use, but sure, go ahead and make your complicated effort to use the most idiotic system ever because 'murica is so powerful. Or better yet, if you find it so disgraceful, go ahead and move there already.   Canadians use Celsius, and that's that. There's a reason people don't use F.  And you know who else is a superpower closely tied to Canada? China. Does that mean we all should speak Mandarin?
A glorified shit hawk ...
I hate those fucking people who think they can park wherever the hell they feel like. I see it all the time at the Chapters by Square One, here at Finch too.
