Yes, I believe so.
There may be trends by gender or ethnicity whereby due to genetic reasons, different levels of skill or attainment may be seen. This still does not replace individual engagement and observation, but saying something like "ethnicity A is often better than ethnicity B at task C" is not by itself necessarily a meritless assertion.
That's a good point.
If mockery and abuse are your primary method of peer interaction, I will be looking for reasons not to hang out with you.  And your counterargument that "this is just how all guys interact in America" is both demonstrably false and philosophically invalid in its expectation that others passively accept this behavior.
If World War 2 followed the experience I had with Half Life 2, it would be technologically superior to its precursor, but it would feature a clutter of unengaging personalities, it would assume a lengthy tedious backstory I neither understood nor care about, and I would lose interest halfway through against an apparently insurmountable enemy challenge.  And everybody else would not understand my lack of interest in it.
The Thrawn trilogy was amazing. But I found myself rooting much more for Thrawn than for Iblis, Winter, Karrde, or any of the other newly introduced "good guy" characters.
It has to be done in a certain way. Having a woman as a friend, who likes your jokes and and has a good time hanging out with you, is cool.  Having a woman as a friend who is super close, or too obviously a great match, or conversely too obviously pimping him out to other women, is creepy and transparent.
I love gluten. The Chinese do a very yummy meat substitute that's made from wheat gluten and it is super tasty, soaking up all the sauce it's cooked in. All the more for me!
Bioshock Infinite: limited weapon loadout, uninteresting plot and linear setting, too easy mook battles and too hard boss battles. I ran out of money for respawns at the graveyard battle and I ran out of interest at the same time.  Wargame Red Dragon: no tutorial, designers expect you to have played the first two games, newcomers need mentoring by experienced gamers to get into the basics. The most frustrating game I've ever played. I'm not new to military RTS games (favorite being Rise of Nations) but when your Steam counter shows eight hours spent in game and you still can't figure out why you're winning and losing, there's something wrong with the game's accessibility.  Half Life 2: not a bad game, but I don't understand the hype. It's got some limited NPC interaction, some vehicle sequences, and otherwise is a basic shooter with platforming elements. I got up to the lawn tunnel tripods bit and died several times and lost interest. Might have been groundbreaking on release, but now there's nothing special about it to make it must-play gaming.
I hear you on Bioshock Infinite.  Oddly, I initially felt negatively towards Dishonored, because of the cliche opening plot. But by the time I played a few hours in, I was hooked. I loved Thief the Dark Project back in the day, and this game was a worthy heir.
Gimme Ursula Andress every time.
W'all muthafuckas need Jesus
Versace actually looks like something you'd expect to see at Jabba's palace.
If you don't vote, you are literally an idiot.  (At least according to the ancient Greek etymology of the word. "Idiot" derives from a classical Greek term describing one who does not participate in their city state's politics despite having the right to do so.)
"The power to tax is the power to destroy."
Ich finde Hurensöhns Ersten Sonate einfach klasse!
And you've made me foolish. And the life I lead foolish too.
No, I make that statement because the Foreign Affairs Manual (the regulatory rulebook for visa processing at U.S. embassies and consulates) literally conflates the two in the exact same section and paragraph.  It may be intellectually inaccurate but it's a fair statement of the laws and regulations.  I'm not a fan of it myself either.
I don't enjoy Puerto Rico. Setup with counting chips and starting citizens takes a long time, and the long term strategy is greatly disrupted by actions of your peers. Unless you put a lot of time into familiarizing with the game, it's frustrating at the tactical level.  Plus they have the whole "don't show your points in a superficial exercise of masking actual progress" mechanic that I don't like at all.  Smallworld is also a surprisingly shallow game after a few plays.  Edit spelling making to masking
Yes, but that probably owed more to the political disintegration of the Soviet Union rather than the limitations of its technology or the merits of its scientific achievements.
Kate Beckinsale is like the real life equivalent of Joanna Dark, the protagonist of Perfect Dark.
I agree. Also, not every sci-fi fan necessarily likes Firefly, but loved some or all of the other shows you mentioned. I like sci-fi but I find it weird how Firefly is held up in such high regard.
Let's call it "Ix".  It'll fit the whole "ninth planet" thing with the Roman numerals, as well as being something of a tribute to Douglas Adams and the childhood nickname of Ford Prefect. (With a possible callout to Tricia Macmillan's travels in MH.)
Yes but the universe of what he could choose in terms of foods and goods is much smaller than what we enjoy today.  The labor used to create what you wear, eat, and use day to day is far less. It costs far less as well. You may earn less than a king but you'll be spending less of that on clothes and food relative to medieval times.   If you feel unwell, medical care is available and the universe of treatable diseases is far larger than that available to past kings.  You can sleep in an affordable bed with blankets that are mass manufactured rather than hand knitted, with air that's centrally heated instead of sooty from a fireplace, and with water and food in your belly that's free from parasites and most bacteria.  Sure, you may not have a staff catering to your whims. But labor saving advances are much to thank for that.
It sucks.  Consider credit card companies who will sue you in court and spend thousands of dollars to do so, regardless of how small your unpaid due amount is. They can and will spend more than they can recover, because it sends a message to customers: the rules are firm and cannot be broken with impunity.  The gun store owners were in the same situation. Sure, it's a tiny amount of money, but it's a refused payment from their livelihood.  It's tragic that the owner (and his son) died over it, but I can definitely understand the "no exceptions" approach to this.  I wonder if small claims court could have been a viable option for either party. Say if the customer left his gun in their custody and then filed suit.  A dangerous line of work either way.
I look at your username and I can't help but suspect you might be partial to his animal rescue initiatives and/or a badger.
There is one obnoxious design choice which left me in save slot suicide permanently.  If you ever try to pass through a door while completely underwater, make sure you have a stable save slot before.
And if the game is very complicated and sophisticated, a decent step by step tutorial wouldn't hurt either. I'm looking at you, Wargame Red Dragon.
For conspiracy, I just watched L.A. Confidential for maybe the twelfth time. The book by James Ellroy is high on my reading list. If the movie did the book any justice at all, it's a delightfully complex mesh of conspiracies and counterplots.  If you just like seeing harmless (ha!) political machinations in a collegiate setting, check out Porterhouse Blue by Tom Sharpe. It's a British savage satire of donnish life and the petty political squabbles, as well as some sharp insightful plotting and smart moves by both sides. (Pillars of the Earth by Ken Follett also has some fun plotting as well, if you don't mind your conspiracies more medieval in flavor - and peppered with rapine, pillaging, and looting throughout.)
I'd heard it was either Cos Palpatine or Dashit Palpatine. The later sounds faintly South Asian to me (Bengali? Hindi?).
Even stuff like Tropic Thunder is filled with fairly deft inside knowledge.
Yes, another recommendation for Bioshock 1&amp;2 from me. Infinite is very different from the prequels and I enjoyed the prequels much more.
Anything by Studio Ghibli, but of all of them it would have to be Princess Mononoke.  Some movies portray two warring sides fairly, each with their own valid agenda and their own justifications for their increasingly heinous actions.  Mononoke does this for three separate factions. A really amazing movie emphasizing that one side's hero is another side's terrorist.
Weird headline words like "slams" and "mulls" etc. are relics of the newsprint era, when you had to get creative with headlines in limited space.  Hopefully they'll change it up as media moves online. Although if current trends are anything to go by, they'll just make you watch a superficially detailed video instead of a thorough print report. And a quarter of that video's duration will be an ad.
The multiple defenestrations of Prague sound like lazy recycling of a plot point. A bit like game designers reusing a level layout, or George Lucas reusing the Death Star (followed by Disney reusing it a third time).
Hitman 2 is flexible enough both for massacres and stealth play. Plenty of fun guns too.
Man, ain't even the same ballpark. It ain't even the same sport.
Um... Yeah... I'm gonna, you know, go ahead and agree with you there, mmkay?
I love her *Ne Me Quitte Pas*
I can't get over how great the Knockout Ned plotline is.  It's like the perfect description of how somebody can start off with a clear, set, unambiguous moral code and then slowly erode away into brutal killing.  "You start off with the rule." (Ned sparing unnecessary bloodshed.)  "Then the rule admits an exception." (Carrot saves Ned just in time from an apparent unarmed bystander.)  "Finally, the exception becomes the rule." (Ned and the rest of them opening fire indiscriminately into the premises.)  Chilling stuff... and an object lesson for anybody who thinks they can employ violence judiciously "limited only to the greater moral good". These things tend to have a vicious downward spiral, and it's a rare moral fiber that can resist it.
Interesting, that's good to know  It could simply be a move to generate good will. This is harder to quantify on the accounting books but a persuasive pitch by marketing could do it.
Another one is "typhoon". 台风  Although my favorite one (and possibly bogus, but fun) is "canteen". 餐厅
Dragon Age Origin allows same sex romances, but only with one character of each gender, I think. And the female character who sleeps with a female lead player happens to be pretty annoying.  (Also I didn't like the game despite its rave reviews, but that appears to be a fairly outlier opinion.)
The original post, years ago, had such a good title that the picture wouldn't even be in any way remarkable without it.  The title was 99% of the post quality.
I dunno, I didn't think the gameplay mechanics of the Rogue series matched the XvT series of games. XvT felt like a military simulation of space dogfighting. Rogue felt more like an arcade game. I thought XvT handled the warhead reloads, mission objectives, and especially the sensors much better than Rogue did.  Although I still have my N64 and the graphics and backdrops of Rogue were more varied and interesting, given that the XvT series all took place in space.
The line between the two can be pretty blurry sometimes. I'm not sure either.
I can definitely see that, too. I guess it's a facet of "your financial situation determines the merit of an action".
I think this makes sense from a legal culpability viewpoint.  Firstly, the kid leaving the sight of the parent is understandable. It happens all the time, and even a reasonably prudent parent could have an unreasonably evasive kid who just vanishes for the few seconds necessary for an accident.  Secondly, the damage done was the death of a gorilla at the zoo. Gorillas don't have inherent rights under the (human) legal system, so the next default interest is the zoo's property interest in the gorilla. The zoo has already said it didn't want to charge or sue the parents. (Can you imagine the PR hit they would take?)  So that's that. It sucks for the gorilla, but human actions destroy wildlife and natural life all the time without legal consequence. And there's a rational logical reason for that: the human justice system was intentionally created to give people another recourse beyond and above the laws of natural survival. Unless and until this changes, there's no legal foul here.
Yes, even Bernie has the view that change wouldn't be automatic just because he or a progressive candidate wins the election. He has urged progressive voters to keep current at local elections and politics.  Potus is just one seat among many, and it was always going to take a long-term effort to make change.
Yeah, remember when everybody was using iminus to host gifs until it started trying to cram stupid popup ads and an app down your throat?  Nobody uses iminus now.  Seriously, imgur needs to stop with this. It's a rare example of a redditor doing something really amazing for the community and if they cock it up now for apps and ads then it's an unworthy endgame for a previously good site.
