That's a pretty ballin' bike to be commuting on. Looks like a full carbon fiber Trek Madone.
I usually use a gravel grinder bike, or even a city style hybrid bike, as the geometries are usually a bit slacker, which means the bike is easier to handle. Flat handlebars usually give the rider better sightlines while riding too.   There's nothing wrong with using a road bike as a commuter bike, but they tend to be a bit squirrely on rough roads and are also a target for thieves. Well, all bikes are for that matter. :(
I kind of like how Farscape went from being an almost predictable "monster of the week" program in the first season to what it became in the seasons following it.
I enjoyed it even more on my second viewing.
It's the Hellmouth, so all sorts of stuff like that can happen. I don't think his intents of summoning Sweet were malicious in any way. Aside from that, it could have been anybody from the gang that summoned him, but it just happened to be Xander. The consequences (or lack of) would have probably been the same if it was Dawn, or Giles or whomever.
I didn't really care much for the Potentials either, and honestly I don't think Buffy really cared for them either, but she also understood the importance of giving the powers of the Slayer to all the potentials and taking away the power from the Watchers Council.   There were so many things happening in season 7 that the message kind of got diluted a bit, but I think it's a really important one that many of us often forget about.   On point however... my idea for a workable spinoff would be to have Buffy as Watcher, but not in the horrible and manipulative way that the old Watchers acted. Buffy could lend a lot of experience as a Slayer to all the Slayers. I'm sure Willow and Xander could find something to do in this world as well.   Buffy &amp; The Slayers?
Solid opening and guitar solo for sure. The rest of the song was somewhat by the numbers, but still ranks pretty good in my book.
It's PG-13 violence, so it's sorta like pretend violence. Your daughter is just a pretend serial killer. If she does happen to kill anybody in the future, there won't be any bloodshed.
I really liked them as presenters and some of the experiments that they did, so yeah, I miss them being on the show, but I like how the show is a little less silly now and a bit more science oriented.
The age difference thing is always going to be a part of the narrative. Even if Angel had met Buffy when she was in her 20s or 30s, there'd still be a huge age difference.   Their love is forbidden on many, many levels, not only the obvious age gap, but also because she's a vampire slayer and he's a vampire, which makes their relationship all the more compelling and intriguing to the viewer.
I'd say that it's mostly a space opera, but it certainly incorporates elements of horror, adventure and fantasy.
This song is the pinnacle of thrash metal -- tt checks all the boxes that makes a great song with solid lyrics, fantastic guitar playing and stunning drums. It's one of my favorite songs of this genre.
Rock &amp; Roll Hall of Fame. First of all, it wasn't very rock &amp; rolly, it was more like a pop culture museum, which would be cool if that's what it was, but they had things like a bra that Madonna wore one time and a bunch of other frilly shit.  The building was weird and seemed like it had a ton of wasted space, and they wouldn't let you take a picture of something like Eddie Van Halen's guitar, because of copyright laws, which was infuriating.  The whole thing was just kinda hokey.
Good on your customer for having proper winter tires.
There's a lot happening during the finale, actually during all of season 7. What the finale really needed was a two hour special, but apparently the network wasn't down for that, so they crammed a lot in.   As for the loss of Anya, it was kind overshadowed by the loss of Spike. There wasn't anything said about Spike right away either, but I think everybody knew that not all of them would make it out alive.
Glad to hear you got pulled out, even if it required a tug from a tow truck.   How are you liking your MT tires for driving on snow? I've found that AT tires work better for me for driving on snowy and icy conditions, as there are more sipes in the treads.
I swear, they keep getting better and better all the time. Can't wait to see them next month!
I liked season 4 better than I did season 6. Still, the first 3 seasons of Community were perfect.
I think the driver eventually switched to an Open Light Subaru.
He's the perfect anti-hero. The show hadn't really one until Spike came along, which added another layer of complexity to the balance of the main characters.   Ultimately, I think Spike was a great addition, although I do think he takes up just a bit too much screen time in season 7.
I just think of each singer as part of a different era of recorded music from Nightwish. I appreciate what all of them have contributed towards the band, but I do contend that Floor is the most versatile in a live setting.
He made Die Hard work. The balance and the chemistry between him and Bruce Willis was fantastic.
Is is streaming anywhere on IFC? Otherwise I'll just wait for it to hit Netflix, which is how I watched it the first time.
The music sounded like engine revs, which was kind of confusing.
I liked how that guy called out everything that was happening during his apprehension and subsequent arrest.   "THEY'RE PUTTING ME ON A STRETCHER!"   "I'M IN AN AMBULANCE!"  "I'M IN A HOSPITAL!"
I love everything about my current first gen Tacoma, save for its somewhat wonky 4 speed automatic. Had I not found the truck I have in such great condition with such low miles, I would have waited and found one with a 5 speed manual.   Other than that, I can see myself driving my first gen for another 10 years easily. It's such a great truck.
That's the only way to eat terrible pizza from Pizza Hut. I'd imagine it'd work with terrible burgers too.
I just did my second rewatch, and I'm already thinking about watching it again!
Even if this isn't true, it's a really clever meme.
Well, slavery and genocide is condoned in the bible.
What would the mechanism of sap crystallizing more have an impact on how the wood resonates? Is there that much sap in "new" or "old" wood? Isn't most wood that's used for guitars dried out for a long time before it's made intro an instrument?   It's not that I'm not a fan of vintage instruments, because I am, but I'm kind of perplexed by the sap part of your equation.
I like the commitment that season 6 shows. They could have made an episode or two about the consequences of bringing Buffy back from the dead, but they didn't. They totally owned it and made the actions of Willow and the rest seem real and tangible.   EDIT:  The practical reason for Giles not being in season 6 was Anthony Head wanted to spend more time with his family in England, so they wrote him out for most of the season.
After seeing Bucky spectating at LSPR last year, I was wondering if we would see him behind the wheel at a stage rally. Sure enough, he's on for Sno* Drift.   I wonder if Bucky Lasek and David Higgins will eventually be doing stage rally for SRT full time.
You live in Minnesota and it hasn't rotted into oblivion?
Can you upload another version of the video without the background music? I wanna hear me some boxer rumble.
That's awesome, and total music to my ears.
Some of these are pretty stupid, but they're also kind of funny.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYLzJGNunGk
I really did like the first few seasons of this show, when the formula actually worked, but now it's like watching New Coke and I just don't care for it.
Rattles, it's what makes a Subaru a Subaru.
Couldn't the same be said of King Arthur? There were many accounts of him, but he's never known to have existed.
I'd like to point out that the original Sherlock Holmes books and later variations of movies and TV shows were all procedurals.   Even the highly regarded ITV series that Jeremy Brett starred in was by all accounts, a standard procedural. It wasn't until the BBC came along with the series Sherlock, where it became more about the character, not the way in which crimes were solved. Sure, the deduction was there, but it takes a back seat to him being a "ridiculous man."  I think Elementary stays more true to the original formula that Doyle created than Sherlock does. It's not to say that Sherlock isn't a great show, because it certainly has a large following, and is entertaining in its own way, but it gets a little tedious sometimes. So yeah, take Elementary for what it is, a modern version of the classic character that has been a pop culture phenomenon for many years. The formula is familiar, but modern and the show maintains a very consistent atmosphere in every episode.   I think you'll enjoy it.
I would agree with that statement. I've been half way through an episode and it'll suddenly dawn on me that it's a take on The Blue Carbuncle. I'd say Elementary pays homage to Doyle, as it rarely makes a direct adaptation of his stories.
It's kind of beautiful in its own way.
With Elementary,  you have a super detective formula that's been copied a million times over.  Basically any super sleuth like Luther,  Tony Hill, (Wire in the Blood) Robert Goren (Law &amp; Order: Criminal Intent) just to name a few, are basically a variation of Sherlock Holmes. They make for compelling characters, but it's something we've seen so many times that it feels a bit contrived when the character that spawned all of these copies feels like a copy of himself in his own series. :P  The show obviously has to fit neatly into the confines of a 45 minute episode with room for commercial breaks, which doesn't give it as much room to control the narrative. Still, I think the show does a great job of staying on track with how the characters are portrayed and keeping the feel of the show very consistent.
It's kind of a by the numbers metal song, but I think that's the point of the song isn't it?
The book was really good too.
I like the fact that it has 4 matching wheels now.
You shouldn't. u/Shorts28 just gave a really in depth and interesting reply.
I was hoping for a followup to that too.
OP you are totally overselling this. Oh wait, you're not.
