Will it fill the crater so people stop bitching about it?
Not only is it already a joke to level, that is a horrible argument. Quality of life changes are good to attravt newer players.
U wish you could shitpost on this level
Then you are arrogant about it also  because to people not already maxed it is a giant accomplishment
So when he gets #1, everyone will know about it then? His aim style is very distinct, he won't hide if he plans on being competitive again.  Doesn't seem very believable, imo.
I'd say kuu01 if anybody.
oh ok you're not being serious and are trolling for downvotes, gotcha
overmapping doesnt mean its mapped to be hard, so those people are stupid.
My first thought was Seinfeld, but Friends is perfect too.
Honest question, but as I assume you are a vegan by choice, would something like the OP really bother you that much? It seems like such a tiny thing to me, but I'm also not vegan.
I guess that makes more sense, but I feel like it was still alright. We killed the faceless ones because they're faceless ones, so thats obvious, but even others like Hagara kinda fit in, since shes in the tower, should could just collapse it while we fought or something I guess?
The combo is slightly different for each person, the 3rd rune i think.
Did you even read the article? The second paragraph mentions the 5th.
some people really need a good kick in the balls to stop being such immature cunts
Don't knock what works.
Except this is actually what is supposed to be done.
No he's not, and if you think he is, you're one of the retards.
debatable.  cookiezi was incredible but we shouldn't pretend like people aren't going to get better than he was as time goes on.
xilver is cool guy but why are we supposed to care about his name changes
Actually quite a few notable scientists have said time travel is impossible.  Of course they could be wrong though.
That was how many years ago? And there wasn't really ever a need for it to begin with. It should be different if they implement it now.
Lol no. It may be bad but that is a gross overreaction.
You can't compare this game with tf2 so extensively. Tf2 has been out for what, 10 years? Overwatch isn't even in beta yet.
You're fucking retarded
Been suggested before, still support
But that would work out for the company wouldn't it? They'd get far more than the cost of the treatment.
I don't mean that they did it, sorry my wording was a bit off. But we know about it, and have the means to stop it right now to get a jump start on fixing it, but they just outright refuse to accept that they are causing problems.
No idea who that is. But, with a name like that, I already know he's not kind to black people.
A permanent buff that nearly anyone could get, if anything it would give more incentive to do some quests. I don't see a problem with it.
So he was on the opposing side? If so, that guy can fuck off.
Not really, because all girls are different.
eh, not really. they could easily do it, but they didn't on the good plays.  everything that nero did after the star is what should be impressive.
Yeah that was my thought. How the fuck would i notice this?
Spoiler: not all feminists are the same.
"I can't refute that statement so I'll just vaguely insult him"
You should be an adult and realize that just because you think something is good doesn't mean they will.  And for the record i do support this change.
I agree. But the people like the one I responded to really aren't helping anyone.
They could at least allow ironman accounts to do this.
Makes sense, support
Why? It is a legitimate account system in the game. That's like saying osrs shouldn't get updates.
how is someone "forced" to cursor dance? that defeats the definition of it
That man is the kind of person I want to be.
Pussy is a powerful tool to control broken men.
All women are different.
Dont even care. Its fucking retarded and 90% of the people here are complete entitled children.
I think it drops more often on hard mode? But dont quote me on that.
It could also be a foreign celebrity. As an american 99% of the british posts about their celebrities fly right over my head.
With magic or praying to the empty lord zaros, how else?  Also Tenryuu is best girl
Because it is wasting space on the front page. If you actually want to see 5 posts about elyaoru then you need mental help
ok; it's fucking stupid and pointless and nobody cares
