I'm gonna get downvoted to fuck for this:  But Breaking Bad.  All of that ridiculous, nonsensical shit about the ricin cigarette completely ruined that show for me. The plot surrounding it wasn't clever. It was overly convoluted, and felt like an extremely contrived reason to bring friction into the relationship of the two main characters.  I mean, honestly. Write down the ricin cigarette plot in bullet points and tell me it doesn't sound outright retarded.
That is definitely one place I can see this working.
In the versions that weren't censored for moral panic, you could murder children.  *That* evil.
I'm predicting about... maybe -50. maybe even -100. Unless you chicken the fuck out, /u/MikeVick2015, and delete your comment.
Number 1 isn't really super attractive. Too flat.  But I'd sure pick it over the last frame.  I don't understand the fascination with tits. They're just.... there.
Absolute fucking scum.  I think the userbase of that sub should be made aware of what kind of fucking idiotry it's run by.
nah, I'm down to using two and they do the same thing. Both will travel at the same fragments, one will grab it, the other will follow. They return. Rinse, repeat.
Very handsome.
any time I read something as retarded as 'cissexist' all I hear in my head is 'HURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR DURRRRRRRRRR'  People who unironically use that phrase are morons.
When you make up words to suit your agenda, they can mean whatever the fuck you want.  Doesn't mean we won't sit there and laugh at how retarded they are.
&gt;We're aware of a tool, for example, which automates combat logging for players near death.  Anyone who uses something like this should be banned from playing the game. Period.  What absolute fucking scum.
If you're mining in a pristine ring with three or four collection drones, you have to go back and forth between your refinery screen every few seconds and babysit it to make sure your drones actually do what you want them to do.  It's just a chore part of mining that doesn't need to be there.
Amy couldn't take *meta* criticism. 'It's obvious you can't take criticism' made her go off her fucking rocker.  I was offering an example of someone who can't handle criticism in the slightest.
Nobody really wants to support pro-censorship reddit at this point. So I might as well just shitpost.  P.S. the top comments are sometimes replies to original posts. Why are you oppressing comment replies by not gilding them?
When you make peaceful posting impossible, you make rampant shitposting inevitable.
If they operate like the mob, we should treat them like the mob.  Anyone got a baseball bat? We should start breaking some legs.
From what I heard, so was FPH.  They did everything possible to avoid getting banned.
If you spent a hundred million on a sidewinder, it's not 'free'.
Wow dude. That argument's so stupid I'm not even going to respond with it.  Here's a tip: Strawmen arguments don't make you smart. They make you fucking stupid.
I think it's time that all of reddit knows about what kind of fucking bullshit decisions are being made in its running.  Voat when?  Fuck this place already.
Stargate SG1.  Fuck I miss that series.  I'd even take Atlantis. Rodney, Ronan, Tayla? They were all awesome.  The leads were kind generic though. Felt like they were written as the same character, honestly. After o'neill, they sort of just wrote the same character into two different series.
Dear ghazi:  Even the moderates of the internet consider you extremist fuckwits.  Give it up.  You all suck.  Not to mention you operate from a subreddit predicated on a narrative you all *know* to be false. We have all the evidence. We have all the facts. You have nothing but bitching and false cries of 'harassment' that even your most brainwashed members can't link to gamergate without mental gymnastics and leaps of logic that would make EVIL KNIEVAL think twice.  How can you sit in your literal echo chamber and even pretend you're correct when your only way of countering dissenting opinions is to literally remove them? And all of this *while* harassing people and individuals who don't agree with you.  How can any of you justify any sense of moral outrage over *anything* when you run a subreddit so wonderfully fucking stupid, and rife with hypocrisy?
I ask myself: would I pay for a battlefield: Star wars DLC?  The answer is yes.
'Even with'?  More like 'aided by'.
It's so much better with visuals. The way he pauses and gives the crowd that look like 'yeah, I just spelled it out, holy shit, it's happening, you KNOW what word I'm talking about!'  And the fact that he can play the piano like a fucking DEMON really is just a fucking quirk of fate. How he never got really big, I don't know.
http://codes.lp.findlaw.com/decode/11/5/II/770  I'm not defending the guy, but there are a lot of different ways you can be charged with 'rape of the fourth degree'. Including consensual sex with a 16 year old. It's statutory rape, but because he's over 30, it's 'rape in the fourth degree'.  We don't even know if any rape (in the sense that it was non-consensual) even happened.  But hey. Plaster his name all over the news.  &gt;The boy and Coogan texted each other and agreed to have a sex on March 19, court documents said.  From another article on the same story. It was consensual, and he's still scum for wanting to fuck an underage kid.  But can we please not pretend like he lured the *post-pubescent* boy into his home and held him down and raped him?
Dear courts  Please fuck them in the ass  Sincerely, Everyone
Have you ever actually put something 'low fat' in your mouth before?  that tells you everything you need to know.  It's like having 'coke' and 'diet coke'.  Why is there regular coke if diet coke is exactly the same?  Because diet coke tastes like ass is why. And you wouldn't drink it if you weren't on a diet.
Ha!  About time something beat that garbage.  Candy crush is the gaming equivalent of click-bait with the majority of the articles hidden behind a fucking paywall.
It's more efficient to move with wheels. Legs require more energy and more torque to move, than it takes to spin a wheel.  Furthermore, it's more complicated.  When sending things to other planets, 'K.I.S.S.' is king. Keep it simple, stupid.  The less moving parts, the less chance there is for something to break. Moving joints are a lot more prone to things like dust affecting them and whatnot, than a sealed driveshaft for a set of wheels.  You simply can't rely on newer technology that isn't as sturdy because if it breaks, it's *broken*. You can't zip down to radio shack and buy some replacement parts.  *edit* derped up a sentence there
I think 'justice' would be to strap this guy to a chair, put a pistol with a single round in it on a table in front of him, and then leave each widow, each husband, each person who lost a family member, in there with him alone, for five minutes each.  Complete amnesty included.  Maybe they'll just kneecap him. Or maybe they'd take him the fuck out. That would be 'justice' in my eyes.
Whole lot of people in the imgur comments who have never been into a fight. 'Why do they take off their shirts?!'  If you've ever been in an actual fight, it's obvious.
So much snark lately and so many downvotes.  did I touch a nerve somewhere?  Live a little. Get in a fucking fight once in a while so people don't laugh at you for knowing the first thing about why people do something.
The reason you're getting downvoted is because you missed the crux of the point of self-defense. Just because this woman can hit you over and over again and not seriously injure you, does not mean she has the fucking right to.  It is your right to retaliate physically if someone gets physical with you first.  Now, if he straddled her and punched her in the face over and over again, using his physical strength and weight to pin her down, helpless, then yeah, he should be stopped. That's going too far.  But the moment to make violent contact with someone else, you gonna get body slammed and there should be *no one* who stands up and says 'he shouldn't have done that'. That's the fucking backwards kind of thinking that's led to us arriving in this cultural place already.
That body slam was so fucking satisfying.  I enjoy loud mouth cunts being put in their place, male or female.  Take a good look ladies, this is *your* privilege. Up until the point where she gets body slammed, that's female privilege. Because if it was a guy standing up wanting to fight like that the video would have been over at the :50 mark when she was screaming 'hit me! Hit me!'
...I see no problem with this.
It's like circumcision.  Once upon a time it served a purpose.  But these days, you really only do it because you don't know any better, because other people do it, and/or you think it 'looks better'.
That's actually a very good thing for your dog to do. Take the game case out and throw it, wash it off with the hose.  Imagine if he did that shit on the carpet (literally, lol). Urgh.
Nobody has said Morgan Freeman?  That guy has the most legendary voice of any human alive...  And he's old.  Jesus. I should just shut up.
Well you're removing something that you have no reason to remove, and doing it to a creature that can't consent to said thing. Imagine if there was a sect of people who chopped off their kids earlobes.  What would you think of those people?
Okay, Clarice, I'm going to give this to you straight. Probably the only straight thing you'll see, or hear for the entire day. So *pay attention*.  This is a place full of Doctor Cox's. I'm Doctor Cox, he can be Doctor Cox, and even you, you whiny ingrate, can be the epitome of awesome that is: Doctor Cox.  But not all Doctor Cox's are *equal*. Some of them are, quite frankly, *un*equal. They're morons. They're appletini-sipping, Hugh-Jackman worshipping, happily-married *morons* who don't understand the entire purpose of this wondrous place.  So when you see those people, you have to remember, newbie. They're idiots. They're not the real Doctor Cox. Downvote them and move along. Hell, if you're feeling *particularly* manly, RES-tag them as 'MOST DEFINITELY NOT DOCTOR COX'. And when all of you whiny little children gather together all do this at the same time, the dumb Doctor Cox's who never answer questions and just insult you will get pushed to the bottom of the retard pile where they belong.  The reason why this happens now is because you idiots never figured this out on your own and have to come to an *adult* to tell you the most simplistic thing you could ever be told!  My *god* why do I even bother? ^It's ^not ^like ^you ^guys ^ever ^listen ^to ^me. ^^Every ^^single ^^time. ^^^I ^^^swear. ^^^^Didn't ^^^^even ^^^^listen ^^^^the ^^^^last ^^^^four ^^^^times ^^^^this ^^^^was ^^^^asked.
Where does it say the invention is fictional?  I commented in the thread saying it was retarded anyway. It's like taste-testing for poisons. It only lets you know *after* you've stuck your dick in the girl. And if you're going to use the condom and like rub it on her beforehand, you might as well make it a stick like a pregnancy test or something at that point.  Utterly impractical.
I don't mind them reporting on an idea, but they need to make it clear that what they're reporting on is, in fact, an idea, and not an actual object.
You asked for which sub was banned after the fact, I gave you it.  Your only retort was 'you're a fucking idiot' or somesuch.  If this is really logical in your mind, then I suggest seeking professional help. Your delusions are reaching critical retardation.
It sucks more that when you shine a flashlight past the surface and explain to them exactly what's going on down there, they still don't understand it and call you a fucking moron.
If you don't play games, then you shouldn't care about *gamer*gate.  We focus primarily on games. It's right there in our name. If you've never touched a controller or a keyboard in your life, then you should have no opinion on gamergate and nobody should try to give you one.
Take screencaps of it, screencap your evidence, post it all on /r/undelete, here, voat, elsewhere.  Don't let this happen without a fight. And make sure reddit burns if they refuse to clarify that they're banning ideas and not behaviors. Do not stand for censorship.
It's hilarious how deluded you guys are.  Are you really this dense? Are you *really* this goddamn fucking stupid?  Actually, you're part of Ghazi. Don't answer that question. No answer you ever give will do anything more than shine a spotlight on the deficiencies in your ability to think critically.
Every time I read on of these stories about a rapist being the worst scum of the earth ever, I go looking through the comments (or sometimes the story itself if I'm there early), to find out why the article in question or the headline itself is completely fucking bullshit and clickbait.  If this fucking buzzfeed?  Why do we let clickbait float to the surface? Grow a fucking brain people.  But nope. OP makes a clickbait titles and lets all upvote it with righteous indignation without even reading the facts!
I thought that we as a species were pretty much beyond beheading each other because of imaginary friends.  Grow the fuck up, people.
