but dont get the turtle doves... i would stick with the Tans or the PBs cos u wont get called out for the pattern (the biggest flaw w/the 70$ yeezys)
YES GUCCI GOGGLES I WOULD COP! Make em affordable and qualiT
honestly thats the whole rep game in a nutshell... the chinese fam can eazily make perfect fakes but why when there are hypebeasts buying ish for 10x retail
try adding water to the MTN dew and dilute the amount u drink eventually u wont like the taste
DAMN. Probs only in fucking california sounds lit tho 16 mins of glory
shit... never lucky   willing to sell the jersey
ill buy it for 10$
oh lol good!!! i think it looks good... champion reps usually arent hard to get right but this is the first batch so lets see
YES THIS IS HEAT
they high key on the come up damn
yeah ik just used to seeing overpriced shit out here nice to see semi-affordable ;)  (CHEAP ASS SPEAKING BTW)
oh lmao good point ;)
Please do god bless
Doesn't actually exist and is V cheap do not cop
Dis a high quality flex I wanna get this over the supreme one
Think they good bro. Like mango quality shit
you can literally get a DS pair for way less bro gonna have to charge less than like 140$ (whatever the going rate is for the latest batch) at the very least. If its an older batch gonna b harder to sell for that price as well. Pics would b useful too ahha
BRUH this a real thing come on bape we dont want to make hypebeasts into virgins :(     Oh wait... too late
I think it's a kids piece lololol
Yessir they the best ones in that price range :)
Motherfkn price is a year I'm dead 😂😂😂
People have said it fits up to a 40 o.O
Such a damn shame. It's so simple smh rep makers
Come on man so much hate on bape :(((  It's just a fun brand to wear. But u can't wear two pieces at the same time that's an L
I rather cop the tao ones that are not 1:1... But I guess that makes sense if the blanks r that expensive
I can fw the camo air forces bro nice. Hope they cheap too ;)   ALSO PLEASE TRY AND FIND BAPESTAS SIZE 12 HMU
yeah thats a good idea.
FOR ALL OF IT?!! thas a steal
oooohh that cool b. Still not too expensive. I would have expected more ;)
honestly wanna just cop it just to see what the fuck turns up ahah
NICE BRO U ABOUT TO MAKE FUCKING BANK. Supreme x LV is gonna resell for an arm and a leg bc u know all the celebs are gonna have to have it aha
Not usually THAT cheap. But it's nice when they go to clearance then it's affordable.
as a person with more jackets than shirts I AGREE
DAMN. thats a good sale
She left??
It's referencing the Steak sauce which is the best. So yes they the best
man that feels bad
yeah i like the MR but the reps are unfortunate
yeah we dont know where to find those 1:1 ones just yet. I believe 1:1 reps are always out there just in hiding
goddam these guys need to chill
That's what made me sad
Yooo prices r rape for those 950s :(((
Idk man my experience with stores not on tao is pretty shitty... But u can GP for sure. Just be careful about shirts less than 20$
Do u wear it a lot?? Like I think it would be a nice spring flex but I would probs wear a lot aha
Yeah but they ain't making the good batch anymore :(((
Yo I like the FOG hoodie!!!! It's a good layering piece!
I've heard that the cheaper batch of this has bad embroidery of the S but ay for 70Y some one GP after CNY
Good shit man god bless u
Yeah i would still send a message now on all platforms so it shows exactly when u figured out something went wrong. Then try and let them figure it out after CNY
hmm this is a good point might be a good idear
