They look like people who are average Americans to me. Probably have jobs and such. Trash level not detected
That's a serious set of tits. Three thumbs up!
It's obviously rust and corrosion
Damn that looks amazing
She's sounds a little lost. Trash level: low.
Too bad nowadays it probably has a pretty tame formula. Back when they started making it, it would have alcohol, chloroform and heroin. With a touch a aspirin.
Yes it's skin crawling gross, isn't it?
The ripped up shred of paper for a price tag looks like something an idiot would make.
Are you talking about a specific movie? Hope so. Shia lebeouf is such a shitty actor. Wickwicky. Fuck he's terrible.
Both of them being close to the same age if not the same age exactly makes it less infuriating. But I'd be very mad still.
They look like they do not give a shit and that they wish he hadn't really done that. What a lame move.
Props for posting a brave photo btw
That's all you need sometimes. Good luck with it all
Is this real at all? I've never seen the photo
They're both female. Just jumping on the other. Hardly a WTF moment. Lame!
Gross. Never!!
Awesome. Nice find.
I find this very hot.
I don't doubt that they might be uneducated and annoying but the idea of what's really trashy is being pushed a little to far. I mean a pregnant chick smoking is one thing but fat people with balloons and a few shitty tattoos isnt really the worst thing ever
Text this big is kinda....too big. It looks good technically but it's just too large.
It's really cool
Probably unluckiest. That shitbox could have at least got a few hundred for its insurance claim. Now he's stuck with it still.
That was awesome! Ahahahahahaha
These two shouldn't be allowed to text. Their thumbs must be the size of carrots
Why the fuck do people add strangers to Facebook and then have these arguments with them? Why not just delete them instead of a three page argument or better yet don't add people you have zero interest in
The difference between a dedicated rock musician, and a spoiled rapper who storms off stage when a fan says something offensive to him.
It just looks like a black and grey blob with a scary face. Kind of sucks
Weak
Beautiful! I love the colour tech.
Idiot
Looks like a smiling crab- monster. Way to traumatize children.
I hope your last name is Rhodes.
What a rats nest.
Obviously it is Photoshopped. It's a real kids toy but what would be the use for having a mouth like that?
Looking at the artwork on her wall, it's safe to say that she's definitely crazy.  .....I'd still bang her.....
Then you have a boring life.
Somehow I doubt that very much
Because you're low class. Only reason I can think of.
Why does the skinny older guy go for it? When bald beefy man just stands there?
Honestly, I've seen this before. And without a doubt I'm 110% sure it's probably, most likely a velociraptor.
I think he found his cat. Btw tell him to mow his lawn more than once a year.
Oh did it? That's good. Yes could be the ones I take are different. I'm sure that they can't all be 100% the same I suppose.
Why would it? That's the most normal thing to want.
As gross and painful as that sounds I'd like to have seen it.
This looks very good
Yep. Pretty much what I thought they would.
She's very beautiful.
This is the most cringeworthy selfish and stupid thing when people do this. There was one a girl posing giving some poor guy a bottle of water. Was just as bad.
I love how he wipes the gayness off his butt at the end.
Men are not allowed to form opinions anymore. Please take notice. That is all.
