If they're done well they're better than looking at the standings.  The idea behind them is good; the execution rarely is.
I don't think the A's should be a seventh ranked team.  But they will likely put some wins up this year.  They're nowhere near as bad as their record.  So I'd take the BP rankings seriously in the sense that the A's are not a team I really want to face right now.  The next few nights are going to be interesting.
I really don't think Jeff Russell really belongs in the Rangers HoF.  He was a good closer at times, but this is setting a pretty low bar.
They'll fall back to Earth and I guess they already are, but next year it looks like they may be pretty scary.
You are a commissioned salesperson for the Rangers, right?  I think it's only fair for you to disclose that.
Yeah I generally like Banister but he needs to keep his goddamned mouth shut.  These guys have a lot of pride, and baseball is really hard.  Plus there was a lot of failure to go around.  It's simply unfair to call out Choo.  I have no idea why he would do that.
&gt; I was under the impression he has a pretty far above average arm while every other aspect of his defensive game is poor.  I think that's probably an accurate assessment.  Overall he grades out to below average at best, but he's had a strong arm throughout his career.  That's something that usually isn't lost with age, or at least not at Choo's age.  If he isn't throwing well this year it could be that he's still not 100% after last season's elbow surgery.  I doubt it but it's possible.
The mods ought to filter you out for a week or so.  Calling others names has never been acceptable conduct here.
Well if I were still a mod here they sure as fuck wouldn't be.
Yeah the carpet bombing and free fire zones.  Really moral.
He hasn't been hitting home runs but he's having a good year nonetheless.
That really should have been an out.  Blanks should have hit against the lefty but the Rangers got lucky.
And you were rewarded.  By Elvis, which goes to show you never really know.
Call me silly but I think Elvis will end up with a nice bounce back year once all is said and done.
Tomorrow if he has an 0-fer with an error, people will quickly forget all about tonight.
If he doesn't get a hit and makes an error people should forget that he won the game tonight?  Maybe if you hate him.  A logical person would criticize his game tomorrow but still remember his great game from today.
I'm not sure what the Middle East has to do with Vietnam from 50 years ago.  The world has changed a lot since then.  Nuclear weapons were used in World War II, we had a plan to use them in Korea, we came very close to nuclear war with Russia at the time of the Cuban Missile Crisis, and there were those who advocated using nuclear weapons in Vietnam.  Nobody with half a brain would advocate anything like that today.  Even if we were the sole nuclear power, nobody in any position of authority would want to use those weapons again.  Some of that's due to the backlash we'd get from the rest of the world, but even in spite of guantanamo and black sites and all the rest, we are a more moral geopolitical actor than we used to be.  For now, anyway.
I think so, but probably not to anywhere near their xFIP.
Holland, Ohlendorf, and Hamilton are just injury prone.  You're really going to hold their muscle strains against the trainers?  Make me laugh a little more.  Josh Hamilton?
Well I guess I don't give a shit if the admins were to treat clear hate groups with something less than kid gloves.  Fuck them.  Whether it was for two weeks, two years, or six months, it was too long for that cesspool FatPeopleHate to live.
The problem is people don't upvote quality.  And it takes no time to click a link on the sidebar.  If people want a healthy community surely they can expend that much effort.
Any mobile app that doesn't allow you to view the sidebar with one tap is trash.
I wish he'd hang out here but I think he's more or less married to LSB.  It's not just that he knows what he's talking about, it's that he has so much enthusiasm for sharing.
Seems most people didn't get it.
That was not a good pitch.  Martinez needs to live on the edges but he's getting a whole lot of plate so far today.
Not in my eyes.  He still hasn't taken a walk and hits for no power at all.  Alberto's defense is really good, but Odor has the potential to be an above average defender with a really nice bat.
Yeah he hasn't been as bad as you would expect a AA player to be.
Maybe.  I'd like to keep him around, though.  He's one of those guys who might end up a lot better than you think.  Obviously the Rangers think so or else they wouldn't have left Odubel Herrera unprotected.  With some more time in the minors he could become a better contact hitter who maybe steals some bases and stuff.  And if Andrus can't get it together, well...
I think he's just forced himself back onto the roster.  His numbers at AAA are insane.  Last ten days: .462/.523/.692   That's a 226 wRC+.  And for the whole time he's been there: .355/.430/.645 for a 185 wRC+.  Likely that DeShields will be DL'd unless it's just a bad cramp or something, but it wouldn't seem that's the case since he's getting an MRI.  Not sure if they'll bench Alberto since I'm sure they want him getting reps.  Might see him sent down.  Gallo doesn't really have enough time in the outfield but I suppose it's an option.
That's possible.  Moreso than Gallo in the OF.  I think Strausborger may be called up.  He's having a good year and is hot right now.  Can play corner and CF.  I believe the 40 is at 39, too.
I imagine they'll let him have the full 30 days.  All the SP's are going pretty well at the moment.  I see they're already letting him go to 100 pitches, though.  If someone gets hurt or falls on their face I guess he'd be an option.  I'd like to see him get those walks down first.
Who knew that Moreland would still be good in the middle of June?  Who does he think he is?  Whoever he thinks he is, I hope he keeps on thinking he's that person.
Yeah I know what the term means.  I was asking him what he meant by it in this context.  It made no sense to me.  He meant that as a group the subreddit tries to come off as more intellectual than it really is.  I don't buy that.  Much of the rest of reddit is total shit.  This subreddit is trying and succeeding at being better than that.  Not pretending to be better than that.  It is better than that simply because it doesn't have a lot of bullshit on it.
Holy shit there are a lot of assholes in here.    Well congrats nctami72.  Hard work and sacrifice has definitely paid off for you.
2010 seems like kind of a logical place to start, seeing as they went to the World Series that year.  If I were cherry picking I would have included 2009, too, because they won 87 games that year and would still be fifth, but it would be a 7 year run which makes it even more impressive.  I'm not even really cherry picking by removing 2014.  Cherry picking is something you do when you want to mislead people using numbers.  I was obviously pretty upfront about it and didn't mislead anyone.  It shows how much of an anomaly that particular year was.  It's more informative, I think, than it is misleading.
AS LONG AS NICK TEPESCH IS STILL ON THIS TEAM WE HAVE A CHANCE
That total is before the arbitration players are dealt with, too.    I wouldn't be surprised if this team is losing money right now.  A lot of the TV deal was used to purchase the team.  Paid attendance was okay the last couple years but lots of people didn't actually show up so they took a big hit on parking and concessions.
&gt;  I'll vote third party if Sanders loses the nomination  Remember 2000 and splitting the vote between Nader and Gore.  How many people are dead and will die because of the events set in motion by the Bush Administration?    You live in a swing state and there really is a lesser of two evils.  We've learned this the hard way.
&gt;I don't even know if 60 homers would make up for all those nearly-guaranteed outs.   They do.  Very easily.
It was really impressive to me that he was able to keep his walk rate over 10% like it was in the minors.
There are a couple of omissions, though. Beras and Wolff come to mind immediately.
Top heavy, but really pretty solid through five with some pretty good depth behind that:  Darvish/Hamels/Holland/Perez/Lewis.
Darvish has a huge repetoire and velocity shouldn't be a problem after TJ, so I think he'll more than likely will be better off than most pitchers who recover from a UCL strain.    Hamels is still good for sure but he's a big enough step down from Darvish that I'd still consider Yu the ace.  We'll see what happens but I think Darvish will be good to go when he gets back.
I'm not in his district either but he would have got my vote with his last sentence.  It may be Texas but it's not 1886.  People don't need to be walking around with guns on their hips.  It's ridiculous.
Personally I think it's probably the best movie I've ever seen.
Are cab companies behind this?  Has anyone ever been hurt?  I know the article mentions two accidents, but it seems to me two accidents over five or six years in a congested area is a pretty good safety record.  I'd bet pedestrians have had more than two accidents during that time.
Or they could build a highway or fix a broken one.
It's pretty standard and expected.  He wasn't a free agent.
I sure hope so.  If he's on the big league roster for Opening Day there's a problem.
It would be useful to have different help flairs for different operating systems.
