1.) You can never see your own soldiers face anyway  2.) Having to render more detailed/different faces per character adds unneccesary strain to the games performance  3.) When I am in a firefight I want to be able to immedieately tell which threat I am facing  4.) Adding this in would bring absolutely nothing new to the gameplay table and would waste valuable ressources
So awesome! Finally a proper battlefield map!
Blame the newer generation of gamers with attention spans of a fruitfly for all those clusterfuck maps we had in BF3/4. Now finally a proper map comes around and they still have the nerve to complain.
Not this shit again.  On EVERY map there are points of interests and flags that are exclusively made for infantry fighting. If you so desire you can fight there the entire round as infantry.  The rest of the players engage in combined arms warfare meanwhile. Why? Because this is battlefield!  I am so glad DICE doesn't cater to people always whining about those evil vehicles and how they disrupt their gameplay. Why even play battlefield in the first place if you do not like its core mechanics?
This sounds actually pretty cool!
Or you could simply shoot the guy, sparing you from a silly overly long animation.  Why this is in the game in the first place I will never understand.
I didn't have a problem with the assignments, didn't care much about them since unlockint them naturally during normal gameplay came easy.  The problem is finding the dogtags. There are no 'dogtag hunt' servers anymore and I will sure as hell not waste my and my teams time to look for them during normal play.  Forcing players to find those tags instead of doing something team related that is rather hard to was yet another failure. No one likes RNG, players rather want to actively engage in gameplay, not looking for random luck based shit.
No one forces you to do this. Only the superiority complex makes you think you have to do this and being an active hindrance to your team in the process, wasting tickets, everyones time and nerves.
If you are constantly beaten because you have been spotted on the map then you're simply not a good tanker anyway.  All I read are still just excuses to be a douchebag.
The game is much more enjoyable with faster acceleration to me. It felt sluggish and unresponsive before.
Yes this needs to be changed ASAP as it is a most urgent issue.
Wow they look a lot more like soldiers than CTUs. Then again, the Speznaz look so too. The woman looks very tryhard
The only thing that pisses me off about it is the mobility hit.
Quality of discussion really dropped on this sub lately. I guess holiday season and people are bored.
Downvote for an objective observation. Stay classy
Because it annoys stealth jet pilots more.
But I agree with everything you said? Everything is fine except for the arm mobility hit on jet and anti air. Inapplauf dice for the balance actually. Why did my comment above warrant downvotes?
This is obviously a very important issue
No, it messes up the target aquisitation too much. Maybe that's why I dont notice it too much?
I'd rather have assignments like this that involve actually playing the game than stupid shit like morse codes or dogtag hunts.
As per usual in all of these threads, remove the mobility hit of the ARM and the mAA is fine
We had that mode in BF3 and it was incredibly boring.
PDWs are way better than Carbines. So, no.
Adding a competitive feauture behind the wall of some stupid puzzle that has nothing to do with battlefield gameplay is simply unacceptable and typical DICE LA retardation. So many good ideas and then some 'wtf were they thinking??' ones.
Randomness leads to unpredictability and this is good if you want to flank outside.  I agree about the blinding effect when you go inside.
Are you seriously asking why mutual misinformation is a bad thing?
I forgot to mention that there are clear unlock paths ingame. Not everyone jerks off to jjjus twitter messages, let alone reads them. It's not only a big fuck you to people who PTFO,   but also a middlefinger to the casual player.
No one complains about the ability to unlock this but HOW it is unlockd via non gameplay.
And it negating a fuckload of content in multiplayer content should be kept a 'secret' too?
The IR/FLIR sights? If the antithernl camo needs to stay, make it an actual unlock in the game that is clearly advertized in terms of ingame UI and such, via assignment. Also, watch everyone then equipping said camo because this is a terrible way to balance night sights
The CS5 is the best close quarters bolt action, if you can't get consistent killd with it you are doint something wrong.
Yup I agree. Sadly they can't remove it now in BF4, but one can only hope things like this wont be in BF5.
The sound on this rifle is beautiful!
You have the patience of a saint :)
One can tell that you never played Battlefield 2. All of OPs suggestions are reasonable.
I'd always wanted for support or engineer to have deployable sand bags or barbed wire.. this would be really cool imo.
And thank god there is a votekick  feauture in R6 to remove asshats that do that from the game. :)
Sadly there is no budget left for translation work so the symbols have to make it. A combination of the detailed and numerous icons from BF4 and the not so intrusive Battlefront message 'poor connection, this affects your gameplay experience!' would be ideal imo.
Haven't stirred up too much airhate drama lately, haven't you? And as usual, your post consists of nothing but hyperbole.
This would make it even harder for players playing without their friends getting into the chopper. So, no.
Holy shit, it's like you're not even trying anymore. Logged in to the wrong alt?
You should seek professional help immedieately
Enjoy talking to yourself?
BF3 choppers were not half as effective as OP claims them to be in BF4.
A cool little addition. Maybe finally people stick around in the squad a bit more when they see me going out of my way to keep them alive..
The damage model and 'feel' are perfect right now. I hope they bring this over to BF5. I like it because it rewards the player with more skill and control of his weapon, not the one who saw the enemy first.
ANOTHER female? -_-
Simply do not play on these servers if you don't like that gameplay? I don't like it either but who are you to tell others how they should enjoy their freetime in a videogame?
What's wrong with 64 player locker on conquest large? Now Metro was bullshit and the worst map in BF history, but I dont mind Locker, atleast you have 3 different mainlanes to push forward..  And yeah now i know what you meant with the OP. Sorry, I was wrong and misread. :) Creating a bit more focussed 'narrative' and framework sounds like a good thing. Sadly, many players dont know, care or want teamwork and you cant magically make them do it...
Although I respect the people playing BF competitive for their dedication - you really put time and thought into it - I simply dont see it as 'real' battlefield.  Close quarter domination matches where 3/4 of what the game has to offer is banned, or conquest on large maps with only 10 or 16 players simply is not battlefield to me. I also disagree on some of the shooting mechanics you described, going full auto even in close quarters instead to burst WILL make some of your bullets land not on target - despite you being one of the best infantry players you are too sometimes victim of this in the videos I saw.  What I agree on is that the skill ceiling is too low, but I am not sure how to fix this. More recoil is not the solution IMO.
