Fuck Houstin festivals in the SUMMER WTF. Why the hell don't we have a Winterfest?! I'd love to goto a fest in a hoodie. People are going to die his weekend.
On one hand, great! I think Meyers stumbled in the beginning of the year with all of the changes, but he caught on quick and became solid again. I want him back, but on the other hand it makes me concerned that Filo and Jones haven't been able to play up to par so far. Which is a depth issue now. Meyers isn't a spring chicken and Center is a key position.
Bortles: 9-7  Mett: 8-8  Luck: 16-0  Before anyone balks at the first two, we went 9-7 using four different QBs. I'm being conservative.
Be awesome.
It's a good speed.
It fucking tastes good.
I know a thing or two about karma, and this man is correct.
Rollin hard af
Yeah I am straight up baffled here. Foster is probably top 3 RB in the league, and definitely top 5. He puts the fucking team on his back and has been killing it for years. Did I mention he throws touchdowns now?  And we're debating him vs Forsett, who wasn't even next to Foster on our depth chart a few years ago. He was behind Tate!  I could understand Foster vs Charles, Lynch, Bell, AD, but Forsett? Wtf?
It was funny most of the time, but I hate that it's always 1 step forward 2 steps backwards for them.  I just want a win at the end of an episode/series for once HBO. Y u do dis
My thoughts exactly. It's becoming an unbelievable formula.
I'll fight you
Don't listen to this person. Doors and windows are by code supposed to have thicker overhead beams, even in non-seismic areas. It's not a bomb shelter, but atleast categorically more stable than this guys iron table.
You are way harder than me. One pizza. Be cool.
Roasted garlic is great in the cheese mix.
Not complaining homie, just making a commentary at how trumped up it was.
Summer sucks.
Well NOW this sounds good. Before it was bunk
I thought that was the anal sex game too?
Do you honestly think the Executive Branch can't generate some fucking paperwork?
I love Hipster Hulk!
I'd scrap the email scripts and just try to do lunch once a month until it's time.
I like mine with a touch of nutmeg and shmegma sprinkled on top.
You're right, you've probably already worn his ass out
Or just take uber and you don't ever have to put up with bullshit
Baby come back!
Looks fucking awesome though dude. Nice job.
And it can be not good and a dead-end job..
Quarterback is an interchangeable position.
Yeah that would be alright I guess
Well that's fucking bullshit.
Damn near had a third this year
Yay us!
Yeah, I'm not super excited that 3/4 of our division have franchise Qbs..
So beautiful!
We just don't care for pleats.
4th from the left in front has some potential I suppose.
Rooting against JJ Watt is rooting against America.
Fucking great.
CMON Texans. Don't ruin my fucking day.
Quit picking on the rookie!
Help us Nuk, you're our only hope.
Stop trying to make Blue happen.
Quarterbacks are gay anyway.
I don't give a fuck that was awesome
Gee I can only imagine losing my team..
Fuck off, we beat them, and they should have won their division
Safe nowhere.
I'd be alright with a stubbed toe as well
Id say the opposite.
