While Bern's is good I dont find it any more special than one of the better steakhouses you can get in any other city.  That's not to say it is not good. But if I were visiting in Tampa i would look for a Tampa thing to do.  If were were in the mid-west then you can say steak.
&gt; giant sink holes  Buffalo calls them potholes on the highway.  Fuck you 198!
There is also /r/tampajobs  which is fairly active.  I personally think you are a bit low on the floor of 45k.  55-70k sounds a bit closer, however housing in tampa has gone up quickly so look at the total cost of living.
I would not disagree the Thornton was more dominant.  I guess my point was how many people think of Oates as an elite dominant player.  For the most part time has forgotten him for the casual fan and I think the same will be true of Jumbo Joe; Loved in SJ and remembered by players of the era but no more. Having said that Oates is in the HoF, so there is that.
While it may have a skyline they are still working on the snow thing.
McDavid is a better player but there is something very fitting about Buffalo getting a US born player with a chip on his shoulder who works hard, perhaps drinks a bit too much, he is just so Buffalo.
I thought about that but I dont see how a cuban could be shipped up.  Having said that Cubans are the bomb.
He didn't want to live in a world where subreddits are banned.
Channeling their inner Corey Perry to be a dick.  I hope you publicly shamed the user.
For the cost of that I could probably ship an actual cuban to make it and have them take the ingredients as carry on.  Which while awesome would be wholly impractical.
Thank the gods we dont have that.  All we have is cigars and strippers.
I love it.
9 F and 6 D.   Three lines is the future.  /s
Fred Jackson.  Good RB who gets supplanted time and time again yet still would be a starter on half the teams, which I believe the *the* definition of the Dalton line.
You're trying to get all the NPR strippers to come over aren't you.  I see your ulter motives.
Well you could measure once and cut twice.  Either way there will always be three actions.
Close enough is good enough for me!
ITT tech = trashcan
Rehire Nonis.  Otherwise i think the leafs have done a good enough job on their own.
And to think our cheap ass team let him walk for money. While I like Eric Wood that was not close to a fair deal. SMH
Let's not get ahead of ourselves now.
My first thought was Risto plus the Buffalo first.  Too high a price on the Buffalo side and probably not enough for Oil fans.
I doubt it.  TM seems really happy with a 1/2 punch of Eichel/Samson.  Also the trade of Kane makes no sense in that context.
We really need a Larry Robinson award for best defensive D-man.
In south Buffalo those dogs are solid 8s.
Oh God, you are giving me Tim and Sid flashbacks.  You monster!
You are one of the lucky 10,000 today.  Seriously, It's pretty good.
Because we have a league that does it best to enforce a culture of conformist, milquetoast people who dont celebrate.
&gt; The kind of applicant I want to hire does not ask open, fluffy questions like this. &gt;  &gt; The kind of applicant I want to hire has already researched broad, open topics like this, and already knows the generalized answer. &gt;  &gt; The kind of applicant I want to hire asks specific, detailed questions - and provides a reference or hint to where they base their current half-assumption to what the answer might be.   Amen Brother!
Plus, Tampa is generally regarded as having some of the top talent in the Single Mothers of America Foundation.
I would argue you are poorer for not having that experience in life, but to each their own.
It close but i think they will need to add a conditional mid round pick for the value to be right.
After the shitshow that was the WPG thread I'm glad to have a nice thread.
if the NHL wanted to increase scoring, they could also start calling any one of the 50+ interferences in the neutral zone as well as the "finishing the check" BS this league has decided is acceptable.
There's dozens of us, dozens.
I knew the Caps were having a good year but 33-7-3 is impressive.
What took you so long?  I started hours ago.
SD only but still better than nothing.   Thanks
I'd be happy for a Bills game that matters in December.
This season was over after the KC game.
&gt; The phrase I hate using the most is "power event".   "Multiple and simultaneous backhoe events"
That is all I have wanted.  Keep the 4k, I'll watch 2560x1440 @ 60fps all day.
He can get RoR money just not RoR term.  I dont think many teams would complain about a 6.5, 5.5, 4 on a three year deal.  However contracts cant backdive like that anymore. Instead it has to look like a 5.5, 5.5, 5.0
I dont know about that.  While the Habs may have all the cups much like the Yankees, I've always thought the Leafs were they Yankees/Cowboys of the NHL.
I think Bettman just had a stroke
I left the start time open.  Historically we said 1pm and some people showed up a bit early to help setup while others did not roll in until 3 or 4. Thoughts about what I should edit starting time to?
Those are not so hot anymore.
Oh boy. Thats going to be a fun/dangerous 16 hours.
See this is the kind of out-of the box thinking /r/tampa needs.
I would love if the tf2maps.net servers somehow could get into the official beta rotation.  Instead we have 100 valve servers sitting empty  with either MM, MvM, passtime running.
