Those boss fights ruin it, though, even in the Director's Cut version. Fucking bullshit.
I know people often choose some of Kanye's cockier lines to represent him as a person, oftentimes as a joke, but there is no line that, to me, defines Kanye as much as the line you just quoted :)
The problem with imagining someone replacing Serj is that it just isn't as easy as if you were to, for example, say "Who would be a great replacement for Scott Weiland in Stone Temple Pilots?" or a good replacement for Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day, because, while I consider them both to be good vocalists at what they do, they're pretty normal. You can find similar sounding vocalists or at least in the same ballpark, not necessarily in talent, but same uniqueness and overall sound.  The most seamless one I can imagine is just Daron doing Serj's vocals because at least we're all used to Daron, even though it'd suck not hearing Serj there, but if I had to pick someone from another band, it'd be Mike Patton of Faith No More/Mr. Bungle who has always been a HUGE influence on Serj and has even done a song with him. Mike has a huge as fuck vocal range, can do all of the screams, weird sounds, etc, and while I don't think it'd be anywhere close to the same thing in terms of feeling, I feel like they could still make genuinely good music still... It just wouldn't feel entirely like SOAD to me.
It doesn't matter what the person's gender was.
But how often do people do that, in comparison to just getting drunk in general?
Fuck, man, I don't know... The force??
i think it was a jokety-joke-joke
it's okay, just send him some chewy chips ahoy cookies in the mail and we'll all be buddies again :)
"With how big of an Eminem fan you are, what do you think of D12?"  "HE'S FUCKING GREAT"
I feel like I should note that this is usually just a fantasy and very rarely ever actually happens. Feelings aren't going to appear out of nowhere like a movie.
Fuckin' edgelord.
who the fuck are you to say i don't
One thing that also made it scarier was that (someone will have to correct me if I'm wrong here) Scott didn't reveal Foxy was in the game in the trailers, so you're trying to survive with just the three others, and then all of a sudden "..What the fuck?! There's another?!" and then he's running down the hallway at you. Scary shit.
As a Kanye fan, I see a lot more people bring him up positively than negatively. Also, the idea of "hey u guys secretly liek that thing u claim 2 disliek" is stupid.
you can be a 90s kid too if you just believe in yourself
Yeah but the beat to Remember The Name is literally a preset loop that Mike added a drum beat to.  EDIT: I fucked up, I meant "Believe Me", just like the guy below me did. I don't know how these songs are mentally interchangeable but holy shit.
I love the live versions they've done with other vocalists! So far they've done it with Spencer Sotelo of Periphery, Greg Puciato of Dillinger Escape Plan, and Hayley Williams of Paramore.. I wonder if I'm missing any
I always considered Ryu and Tak as not being official members of FM because they're not on every track with Mike Shinoda, are listed as featured artists, etc, but mostly because Mike Shinoda said that he was going to put out the album under his actual name until he decided he didn't want people to buy the album simply because his name was on it.  For me, "Fort Minor" is more like it's just the name of the project, with Mike being the only core and consistent member.
As much as I love Greg and his immense vocal talent.. Man, this would've been interesting to hear
As much as energy is important, I think what's most important is stamina. Do you have the ability to scream like Corey does for at least an hour every night? He's been doing this shit for at least 18 years and I imagine it must hit you like a sack of fucking bricks after a while unless you're REALLY careful with your vocal techniques, which I don't believe Corey was
"Highlights include the opening title track, "VCR," and "Pigs Fly.""  homie he didn't say VCR was the opening title track, VCR was the second highlight for him.
Why not just be happy that someone's contributing so much to this subreddit, and trying to encourage discussion? At the most, all we get now is an occasional photo of a Nightmare version of an animatronic, that just causes us all to go "whoa now THAT'S spooky!!" and that's all, aside from talking about possible theories.  We're kind of in a dry moment in the series, which is fine, but it doesn't matter who the post is from as long as the post is made and it can generate discussion
"Stronger Than I Was" and "Space Bound" weren't fucked up!
A lot of this seems like pure speculation, especially since the story of how they got the name "Hollywood Undead" doesn't match up to what they say on the Desperate Measures DVD, Jeffree Star was never an official member of the band in any context, they don't need to sue Deuce for any rights since Octone already owns all of them, they'd never just replace Danny with Charlie due to Charlie's limited vocal range, and it all just comes across as pure fan speculation that was caused by a "what if?" conversation and then taken off from there.  Here's another good one: Why the fuck would HU have anything against 9 Lives when Jimmy Yuma and other members of the crew are in the music video for Everywhere I Go?  One more? Okay: Why the fuck would Danny leave Hollywood Undead, a famous band that would bring in suitable income for his wife and daughter, for Lorene Drive, a band that never reached stardom and whose last release was in 2008? There's a lot more I could point out, but this has so many fucking holes in it.  Unless you can provide proof that you know the band personally, I don't believe a word of it past it being just your own personal thoughts, and as such, shouldn't be labeled as the truth. Please don't try to parade any of this around as fact.
It's just intended to be a good, warm moment for the audience to partake in, given that the majority of people there have heard the song, and most likely have never heard the song in a loud, live environment, so it leads from something that feels empowering to Kanye's music, which in itself many people view as empowering.  The fact that his vocals were good, but not -great- like Mercury's are great, in my honest opinion: It shows genuine emotion through his flawed voice. It reminded me of all the times I've secretly sung along to my favorite songs in my room when I was younger, but now Kanye has chosen to (along with giving that warm, familiar feeling to the audience) take it to a live stage, allowing everyone to sing at the top of their lungs without a care.  I could totally be going RapGenius here, but that's just the feeling I got from it, but let's be real: No one can do a Queen song the same level of justice that Freddie Mercury could, so I wasn't expecting much vocally, but holy shit.. I would've loved to have been a part of that live :)
What mental illness do you have?
Thanks to this comment, I just watched two minutes of the film on YouTube and I am of the honest opinion that it is one of the worst animated films I've ever even partially seen
Don't risk it for this biscuit
Frozen corn ending up in the brownie mix.. Gross shit
I love the Beastie Boys but what are some moments to you that Adrock really stands out in? And over MCA and Mike D?
I'd fucking dig the hell out of a good Beastie Boys one, or to potentially shut up dumbasses, a Kanye one
I'm sure you can safely believe a good deal of it, because of his confirmed kills (unless someone can tell me otherwise), just not this shit and the Katrina thing (if it's mentioned)
I think I missed something: It's just a blank white page with a heart in the top left, and social media options in the top right. Is my browser not loading something?
&gt; But people are different and Em never took it to a physical level?   Even though he made a serious song called "Love You More" talking about the toxicity of their relationship, and included the lines:  "You throw me out the house, I throw you on the couch, Punch you in the mouth, Fist fight 'til we turn this mother OUT"  You can't even say "but they were BOTH fighting" because Eminem was clearly the instigator in this situation he's recalling, and even then, it'd be self-defense on her part. I guarantee your opinion of Dr. Dre and Eminem's abusive situations would change completely if it was your sister or daughter getting hit, and it wouldn't be "a mistake"  How old are you and how long have you been an Eminem fan?
So you're saying you don't believe something even if Eminem very clearly says it in a serious song? It's not like Relapse and other shit where it talks about fictional victims and fictional, exaggerated crimes, he was talking about his relationship very seriously in this song.  "Love The Way You Lie" is a song that partly deals with regretting the terrible shit you've put your partner through. The reason why they made the song together is because it's very monumental for an artist who frequently talks about domestic abuse (in an explicit, harmful way) to do a song with someone who was actually a victim of domestic abuse.  I don't know what standard you're holding up Eminem to strictly as a person, but people can have their faults.
Fictional events, and most of the victims on Relapse are fictional unnamed characters. If you can't believe Eminem himself when he does a serious song about his actual life, then I don't know what to tell you, and it's weird that you can take -any- Eminem seriously when you can't believe him talking about his own relationship and the faults of both Eminem and Kim in "Love You More", showcasing both of their faults as a couple.  Yes, "Love The Way You Lie" was about an abusive relationship, which both Eminem and Rihanna have been in.  Using your logic, you can say "if Chris Brown REALLY hit Rihanna then how come she got back with him?? huh??" and then you realize things can be a lot more complicated when it comes to love than most would think.  Even if I linked you to sources of Kim talking about it, you'd just dismiss it as her trying to hurt Em's legacy or trying to get money by supposedly lying. There is absolutely no use.
That is a good point.. But who knows? Stranger things have happened :)
The overly religious lyrics on the first album make me cringe. It felt like Matt was forcing in "Jesus" into all of the lyrics regardless of what the song was even about.
I'm not a juggalo but I hold some respect for those guys. Their production back in the day was pretty good, and even the people that hate them, in my experience, know of at least two songs that are, in their words, "fucking hilarious"  The key is to just not take them seriously or model your life after them
You've always struck me as being a Mike Patton fan, or at least a Mr. Bungle fan. Any truth to that?
Did you have any anxiety concerning the release of "Pretty. Odd." and how it might be received, after PATD's debut was so well-received? I always thought it was a risky move that lead to an incredible album!
What's it like being a Shinoda stan?
what if they just don't like hip-hop, his voice, or anything outside of their favorite genres? it's possible to not like hip-hop/kanye's music and not be racist, y'know
&gt; raped  you have no idea of the severity of rape
damn i should have known when you used that word that you weren't really using that word
I'd love to see one done for Dr. Dre eventually, given all of his loose tracks, especially from this and last year, but is linking/asking for loose track downloads against the rules?
i wish someone would tell Necro that
Looks like you still got the stereotypical rock star attitude from him.
what is decent music then?
i hope the eggs have been frozen and we'll be able to buy them one day. it would be the ultimate gift for any fan!!
