Big fan of rum &amp; spiced cider on a cold night. Instant cider works but isn't great sadly unless someone knows a better brand than Alpine.
Not particularly worth it. I looked and they generally charge more than what you'd pay if you just bought the DLC off of Steam.  My suggestion is to wait for a steam sale. They were offering 40% off most of the DLC over the Christmas holiday. Next sale is probably around Valentine's Day or possibly easter/spring break.
I would imagine swimming would achieve this too. But that's a great idea about cycling. It also gets you into the swing of sustained lower intensity exertion for longer periods of time.
I was going to suggest figuring out some way to donate directly to the MS group's charity directly or contact them and see if they can work with you to give you some legitimacy.
Yeah if you're looking for the absolute lightest stove solution esbit might be worth looking into.
I suggest a PS4 squirt leatherman. Pretty cheap, great pliers, pretty much most/all the tools you're going to need in a tiny 2oz package. Only down side is no locking blade, but you probably don't need one. God knows I never really have.
I was going to ask "What's your marathon times look like?"
hikelospadres.com  Actually I've seen google earth/google maps include trail information. Nothing I'd seriously want to rely on but it's a starting point.  It is an *insane* amount of work to get a trail database going. The guy who did HLP is crazy in a good way. I have massive respect for him.
Yeah way too general of a survey. Even if people filled it out, would you actually get useful information out of it? Useful enough to develop a product for marketing? (I assume that's what this is)
Considering that as far as the world knows, Rand is dead by the end of the series, I doubt that anything attributed to the Dragon Reborn would hint at what he does afterwards. Because as far as the world is concerned, there was no afterwards.   Plus, Rand was never particularly poetic. He could play the flute, juggle, tumble a little (and the last two were more Mat's forte). So even the idea that he composed a poem and attributed it to his former, dead persona... Just doesn't seem right.   If anyone wrote it, it was Thom. And even then the vernacular sounds more like something an Aiel would say.
There is a level of diminishing returns however. Strategically, you can spend top dollar and get fantastic performing gear. You can also spend top dollar on something and get only marginally better performance than something half as expensive again. Telling someone they need to buy a 1000 dollar sleeping bag to get started is going to scare most people away.  At the end of the day, hike your own hike. I mean hell people spend 2000 dollars on stereo speaker cables.    My problem is that people toss around suggestions for 500 dollar jackets and other extremely pricey items and never actually justify *why* dropping that kind of coin is preferable to a 100 dollar equivalent. It's actually gotten really bad on gear reviews. I've seen a multitude of reviews on some gear sites that literally are cut &amp; pastes from the sales literature. To the point that the "author" doesn't even pull out the mentions of the company speaking about itself. When I'm reading an article and the author says "We've taken great pains to ensure that this sleeping bag is the best we've ever made" and it's not a quote, it pisses me off.   If I didn't exercise my own skepticism and hunt down *real* reviews, I could easily see dropping 10k on equipment when in reality 1-2k is far more reasonable.  Also...  &gt;if I want to spend $2000 on what becomes my home for days or weeks at a time  For a serious backpacker 2k is not like super exotic. Most AT &amp; PCT hikers drop 1200-1400 on gear if memory serves for the through-hike. I probably have 1400 in gear if I added it all up.
March? Anything in the high sierra is probably going to have snow. We're actually having a semi-normal year for snowpack and traditionally the road to Kings Canyon for example opens in April.   If you're willing to do an aprox. 8 hour drive, check out the coastal redwoods north of Eureka. They're spectacular and close enough to the ocean (basically on it) that they don't snow out.   Also check out on the way up the Avenue of the Giants. Really lovely scenic byway just parallel to the 101.
&gt; However, Rand clearly believes that the taint gave him the memories (see AMOL).  He believes it but it probably isn't true. Mat had memories of Manetheren and battles before he levels up, and even Nynaeve basically channels balefire without being taught it in TDR. There's a lot of instances of past lives and ancient knowledge coming back that have nothing to do with male channeling.
&gt; I guess because she doesn't blindly agree with whatever Rand says or whatever  A lot of the time she doesn't even entertain the notion that he might know what he's talking about, and she persists in that conviction way longer than she has any right to.   I don't totally blame her for that point of view. I blame the Aes Sedai for a lot of it.
Agreed. They'd need to truncate several plotlines, specifically Perrin's going after Faile which literally has a footprint in like 3 books and is the majority of CoT it felt like and *still* doesn't get resolved.   The problem is that by CoT there had too many subplots and point of view characters. I think RJ realized this and it's why he's so swift in the next book. He needed to end/consolidate like a dozen subplots down into maybe two or three. Otherwise it would have taken six books to hit A Memory of Light.
By that measure nothing "genuine" exists at this point and the discussion is a null issue in bad faith.
&gt;What would happen if you balefire yourself?  This is a good point to bring up Robert Jordan's answer.   QUESTION  If I were to open a gateway in front of me that opened behind me, and I balefired myself, what would happen?  ROBERT JORDAN  Young lady, you are entirely too obsessed and have far too much time. You need to get some sort of life. I suggest you go have an intense love affair. Doesn't matter with who, be it man, woman, or German Shepherd.
While the Tuatha'an look for the song, I actually question if they *want* to find it deep down. Part of the Way of the Leaf is a complete and total shirking of responsibility, for themselves, for others, for everyone. They couch it in peacefulness and sure that's part of it but even when it doesn't involve violence they seem to shy away from taking an active part in the world.  If they found the Song, they'd have to be very, very involved in the world. And I don't think they want that.
&gt; This is the first book where we step outside Rand's head for most of the book, that's a good discussion point.  Agreed. The POV shift is pretty significant and probably pretty important to be able to carry the rest of the series. Rand is the protagonist, but he isn't enough to carry the full story.   Plus, it's necessary to start pushing him away from the readers, so they look *at* him and not necessarily *through* him.
If it's full price I believe so yes.
It's not the best without context but...  "It's just a weave" probably is my favorite line.
&gt; One of the biggest flaws of the series is that the White Tower is allowed to limp along with all of its problems  That we see. I can't really comment without spoiling further adventures, so I elaborate. But I don't know if I agree totally with that.
Oh man one of the best parts of the series is ahead of you now.
Dude spoilers the OP hasn't gotten that far yet.   And also part of it is that to a certain extend Egwene really, REALLY wants to be Aes Sedai and all that culturally entails. I think she likes that aura of aloof superiority that gets projected.
SpaceX just launched their comeback mission by deploying new Iridium satellites the other day. I think it's Iridium's plan to offer up to 1 mbit/second transfer speeds eventually on their satellite network. Currently it's aprox. 1kb/sec  Probably something like a Garmin InReach would have sufficed with text messaging and would have been cheaper. But Iridium is a decent satellite network. I think it might be one of the few if the only game in town.
To follow up on this. SpaceX just a few days ago launched their comeback mission with Iridium satellites. So that upgrade is underway.  I believe that the system will be backwards compatible. Otherwise I think Delorme/Garmin wouldn't be pushing new models of their iridium devices right now.
Most backcountry in California does not have reliable cell service. Sure at a pass you can possibly pick up a couple bars but if you break your leg and need to call for help are you really in any condition to summit a pass?
&gt;  But she started to lose me when she was captive in the Tower. No one is captive and beaten multiple times a day for weeks and weeks and just shrugs it off.  Contrast that to the beginning of the series post-Seanchan. Even the idea of being restrained in a room like triggers PTSD in her and she goes off.   I agree that it gets a little over the top but I understand it's supposed to show that she has grown and is playing the long game while nobody else around her really is.
Totally agree there.
Apparently the Green Ajah got the Battle Ajah monicker during the trolloc wars, which was like what, 100 years before EOTW?  I suspect that the White Tower's degredation is a relatively recent thing. It doesn't muck with politics nearly as much as their reputation would suggest, they don't do the stuff their Ajahs are supposed to do. I think it's a relatively recent development.  It might even be instigated by the Shadow and the Black Ajah. Look at the inept ajahs who don't fulfill their basic concepts: Blues seem to not particularly do anything aside from Moiraine, Greens don't do much, Yellows don't run hospitals, Browns don't run schools. The Whites are... like... bookkeepers or something I don't know what their purpose is. Sure they dig logic but like... how does *that* apply to the One Power? The Greys? They're the 3rd largest Ajah apparently and do dick-all.   The Ajahs that kind of have it together still seem to be the ones that are least likely to interfere with the shadow's business.
Very much agreed with this.   There's a few problems I see about TBT at this point.  One, it's written itself into a corner with the season finale. It's actually at a decent stopping point, albeit a downer "bad guys win" stopping point. Where to go from here is kind of questionable.  Two, TBT has boiled down basically to Strand's life and 2-3 of the Black Tapes stories. They're all linked, but instead of "resolving" each black tape and taking a clue from it and building towards this grander conspiracy, they're just mining the original story threads, and the whole of the show is weaker for it.   That's just IMHO at least.
It's an IR sensor that dings when a heat signature rolls by and like... 2 other things.  It claims it'll use SMS and email alerts, but if there's no cell signal I have no goddamn idea how that's supposed to work.  Their app according to the website is actually an app called "Cayenne" which is actually a prototyper app for arduino.   So basically they stuck some off-the-shelf arduino shields onto a board, linked it up with an app that is not their own (but presumably will put a wrapper over it), put it in an owl container, and are asking for money for it.   I would stay away from this.
Totally not dangerous at all. Just google Chris McCandless for his adventure story!  (Note, there is sarcasm in this post)
Yeah Keens almost have clown shoe toe boxes. They're great if you need the space.
And to think I was bitching about NFS campgrounds costing 25 a night...
Judging by the characters in the novel, because if you don't do what they want you to do they tie you up in flows of air, gag you, and switch you/torture you until you see the error of your ways.  The Aes Sedai don't see that as using the one power as a weapon, but I think most of the rest of the world would.
&gt; 2) The effects of the dagger/Mordeth from Shadar Logoth.  My headcanon is that the Manetheren blood bubbles up memories but they don't start becoming stronger until Mat's own memories get wiped out due to the healing from the dagger. With that blank slate as it were, foggy/dim memories come up unchallenged.  His encounter at Rhuidean basically just rips the canvas away and lets the memories bubble up directly.
&gt; Especially how to positively identify a brown bear versus a black bear because what to do in an encounter depends on what kind of bear it is.  Brown bears and black bears are the same species.  I think you mean black bears and grizzlies?
I've never seen it issued in January before ever. That's unprecedented.
So apparently you didn't just see the largest wildfire in California history burn for a month in the middle of winter, because you think that fire restrictions are ridiculous.  I hope you get caught. Then we can look forward to the reddit thread where you bitch about the 5000 dollar fine.
&gt; As for your illness... In the United States, any question regarding that sort of personal matter (or your age, religion, upbringing, etc.) would be very very very illegal.  The problem is that on a CV/Resume, anything longer than a 6 month gap in employment is going to be asked about or red-flagged.  I don't have a Buddhist answer on if massaging dates on a CV is allowable or not, but I find that kind of harsh red-flagging in the professional world to be unethical in and of itself.
&gt; but I can't imagine not being allowed to ask about current or potential future health problems.  I believe the only health problems they can ask about are anything that would prevent you from fulfilling the requirements for your job. So if you couldn't lift 50 pounds, if you couldn't work full time, etc... Reasonable accommodations have to be made.  Filtering via health is a touchy subject as it's a private matter here.
Obviously we should burn every copy of Wheel of Time to avoid any possible comparison between WoT and GoT. I mean, they both have men and women in them! Imagine the confusion!  (end sarcasm)  We're in the middle of "peak TV" which started with the concept that your viewers are smart and can handle moderately complicated themes, or at least talk about them.  Will some idiots say WoT ripped off GoT? Sure. Who cares. I'll trust the audience to be smart enough to tell the difference. They got the difference between LOTR and GOT.
&gt; So if a woman fancies you, and she's available, by all means, date her. &gt;  &gt; But this woman is not available.  More so, she has not made herself available. She's already made a choice, multiple choices in fact, to not make herself available, and that is a rejection. A gentle rejection, maybe even a regretful rejection, but a rejection.   You have a choice now. If you can actually let go of your desire to date and accept that you have a connection but not a romantic relationship, you can remain her friend. I won't even say maybe she will change her mind or become single because then you're still hoping that there is a chance to change things and as time passes you will start to want to nudge things towards that direction. Usually that doesn't work, and things turn toxic as you feel entitled to behavior and feelings from her that you desire and she feels betrayed that her "friend" just wanted to date her.  If you can't redefine your relationship to her to set aside romance, you need to step back and accept that.
It's a standard design geometry that is reliable. Eureka is a decent brand too (I think their smaller tents are standard for boy scouts. Heavy but bombproof). Two adults and a child is going to be cozy.   Backpacking is going to be kind of heavy at 5+ pounds depending on what you take with you like rainfly and stakes.
But is the flavor of Tuttorosso tomato sauce fresh and vibrant? I'm concerned that my Tuttorosso tomato sauce is not the best option on the market for vibrant tomato flavor.
Notes:     If this is anything like the phone apps there is a gargantuan amount of DLC that will cost you if you download it all.   Also, while Talisman has an important place in the history of gaming, I am at the point where the only way to make it better is to view it through the misty lens of nostalgia.      Someone on BoardGameGeek noted that most games that have an automated "dungeon master" have a personality to them. He compared DungeonQuest to I believe a BDSM dominatrix whereas Talisman's DM is more like an abusive drunken uncle.     Which seems like a good analogy to me.
I always wondered why people spent huge amounts of money on "detox" tea when some maltitol will do the trick.
Is.. is this satire? Please tell me this is satire.
&gt;Dangerous for her, the rest of the people in the car and you'd THINK a wake\-up call to barely be able to fit into a car or use the normal seatbelt.  In the event of a serious car wreck she'd turn into a missile and not only would almost certainly die herself, but would kill anyone she hit too.
