That brisket looks so dry. No surprised it's a guy from Salt lick...
Stop teasing me with this Nien Nunb exclusive!
I believe it's from the UK.
Nothing up my alley here. My wallet had a sigh of relief.
People won't be disappointed if they don't have unrealistic expectations.
He'll probably be horrified in 10 years. :D
Gamgam shouldn't [write this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Threatening_the_President_of_the_United_States) if she wants to be able to vote for Trump this year!
I wish we'd see the aftermath of it.
It's a little sad that you see nothing wrong in people gaming the system. That tells a lot about your ethics I guess.  As for the rest, you're just a troll.
I'm sure someone is going to release a variant like this. Otherwise, I guess I'll have to try and do the same awesome job you did.
I think it's a trap!  Edit: Ouch people didn't like that Ackbar reference :(
This is pretty accurate even if painted with very large brush strokes. I'm not sure how increase in "petty" crimes in Germany can be correlated to terrorism acts in France or how the direct influx of immigrants in Germany can be compared to French citizen who may not consider themselves French though.  It's as if Trump had written: "Stock in China tumbling down. El Nino soaks California. Get Smart"
You want their healthcare, don't ya?!?
Plus their new Prime Minister is dreamy. I can't blame you.
Wow that's clearly a stretched assumption based on a 140 characters tweet here. It's also a misreading of what I wrote which started with "This is pretty accurate...".  My issue with what Trump wrote is the blind correlation he did between 2 events, which you also made: "It's all the immigrants fault" where, in the case in France today, we still don't know if the guy was French or not. And, in the Paris attacks in November, most, if not all the terrorists were EU citizens.  The fact that Germany may be having more crime because of the sudden influx of immigrants has very little to do with the aforementioned facts.  As I previously wrote, it is as if Trump had written something like "72 degrees in NYC at xmas time. North Korea tested an atomic bomb. Get Smart"
Edit: neve rmind. I saw it priced at $25 at first. I must have misread.
Who needs encryption when all you have to txt someone is "I'm going now".  Unfortunately, that makes it particularly hard for any type of intelligence agency to predict such acts of terrors before they happen.  Which doesn't mean that the French/European intelligence didn't drop the ball. Because they did, and in a big way.
&gt; I never said it was ISIS or terrorism.. I don't get what Daesh has to do with it.  This is where we have a miscommunication, I believe. I was trying to find a logical correlation, while you were just stating your blind hatred for Muslim people.  With this clarification made, I don't think we'll be able to get to a common ground on this matter.
I don't think you should go for it at that price. Instead send me the link so I can doublecheck for you... with my wallet.
&gt; The logical correlation is between the immigration problem that has been created in France &amp; Germany.   Based on our previous discussion, I know you know better than that. It's not an immigration problem when the kids are born and raised in France. It's an integration problem. The US doesn't really have this problem because most 2nd generation kids are pushed to do better than their parents (not always successfully but still). You can find examples of this just about everywhere you look in this country.  And no need to be petty and start calling names. I'm bowing out because we have very contradictory beliefs and we won't find a middle ground. While appalled by your opinion, I still respect it.
Yeah interesting to know. At least it's not that huge ass sticker from Walgreen's.
Don't spend $$$ on Jar Jar. It looks like it's going to be reissued.
I'm not into Marvel pops but this black suit Spidey and the Goblin both look sweet.
Good to know they're that good. I'll definitely check them out for exclusives I can't find here.
That looks so good! I'd definitely get one!
I'm still hoping B&amp;N is going to get their heads out of where the sun never shines and get these pops. They're $1 cheaper there.
You're lucky.
Thanks OP for sharing this video. Bowie was not only a great artist by himself but an amazing duettist.
Now if only they made it to NYC in the first place...
About $400. Ouch.
Maybe at some point it'll be re-released and I'll get it then :D
You know what we need? Pop condoms™... (I'm ™ this one so I can get some $$$ when Funko comes up with it)
Let's agree to disagree on Amy Winehouse...
This version is awesome!
My permanent answer to this question: The Blues Brothers.
sweet sweet bacon that never judges me.
I think you are biased...
They're so cute! I almost want them.
I can't imagine how much you paid for it. I'm sure your first child is doomed though :D
I don't mind SW stuff but not ridiculous things like we've been seeing.
&gt; Each box contains **pop! Vinyl**, apparel, accessories, collectibles and more!   I'd be pretty upset if we got a dorbz.  As a flocked item, it could be an ewok flocked shirt.
Glad I skipped this one. As a pop collector, seeing just a common that I can find out there for $9 is just disappointing.
They had the Jabba and the Dewback set. That's not really subpar. But my guess is that Walmart is such a big store that pops are probably not at the top of their priorities.
Did he get fired from the WWE again?  Edit: Touchy subject, I see.
It took me 3 minutes to realize it was the title of the movie. 13 hours of Michael Bay... Is that the 2 circle of hell?
My guess is that the bar maker advertises that it can handle xxx lbs and they tested it. Except that a certain weight that would work for 1 guy won't work if 3 of them grab the bar from different angles, putting stress on the door frame and breaking it.
The pop itself was basically $12 with tax. If you add the shipping, I don't think $16 is a fair price for me.
I wonder if GS does the West to East delivery thing or delivers all at once. If the former, it'll be another few days before we see these guys in NYC.
What's wrong with the stands? They make me feel like I receive a trophy each time I get a new pop. :D
The main attractive point is the amount of meat that can be cooked in it. My WSM is great but 2 butts and it's done. I wish I could afford a nicer offset but under a grand, there doesn't seem to be much.
