His accent makes his cast even better for me, and the guy is hilarious, but yeah when you come from the same place I can see how it might be cringeworthy
I honestly think their first 2 albums were fantastic, much better than all of the other "emo" bands from back in the day
Silent alarm - bloc party  That album was simply perfect IMO top 3 of that decade and I'll fight whomever doesn't agree.
But to be fair shes a terrible wife who doesnt hold to any expectations in the bedroom, she fucking jacks him off without even taking eyes away from her computer, he's dying and has a horrible sexlife he didn't even think of cheating but I don't see how she could blame him if he did.
But I really don't see why he was thrown off about it, we are supposed to love the antihero, and Skylar many times acts against him or makes things harder for him, why wouldn't we not hate her? Sure she doesn't know and its not her fault but she's still a huge bitch all series, her and her bitch sister Marie! The only likeable one is hank and even he is am asshole a lot
I agree completely she's set to be a horrible person from episode one, she only gets redemption for being the lesser evil person but she stopped out of fear not out of goodness, the only truly decent people in that show are hank and the kid
That's true, but if you are gay and have a kid they way to get your kid to be accepted is not by hidding the fact that you are gay, its to make a statement to others, to show others that its ok to be gay, bigots die when ignorance and taboos die, the way to help those kids is by showing off, not the other way around, don't get confused.
I would say most people making the chance should be mid 2k i got a friend who played gold 1 and got 3k, right n now he sits at upper 2k
If not climbing out of 1k and 2k trench is really ez, pick a hero you like and has big team fight spells, learn to last hit really well with bots and win, for me phoenix and leshrac are really good climbers
Really? Actually the games I come back from is when people use the mic to plan and encourage each other
Not just any meat tho, tacos are incredibly varied, sour cream on most is an insult, also its not any grilled meat, and its actually mostly not grilled, masiza tongue, bone marrow, brains, Nana buche, nenepil and most tacos the meat is cooked on big casseroles with oil, basquet tacos are steamed and have different meat and beans and other stuff on them, there are chorizo tacos, chicharron tacos, there are a shit ton of  different taco kinds and all of them are better than burritos
But if any of those things hadn't happened you'd just be facing that reality thinking the exact same thing, you basically say, since good random things happened then God must have helped..
So basically if you pray and get nothing you get a free pass for something after you die... That sounds convenient, is there like a system for how he picks, like if you don't get a job then you are excused from stealing bread or is it random?
"Will likely fail" like you know what we can do in  another thousand years of research... Also agnosticism is atheism for pussies, yes the argument is technically correct but then you would have to claim that for every non falsifiable theory out there which proves how silly agnosticism is.
Well it surely can disprove things
It constantly is about disproving hypothesis so if you make a wrong one and the data you aquire trough experimentation is not consistent with it you reject it... So it can surely disprove things its basically part of the method to reject wrong ideas and notions we have about how the world works
Yeah but its not like every silly thing gets its 15 minutes, most things are done for good after we discard them.
Tuskar is strong as fuck in this patch, and its a great pick against heros who can get affected by Break
Imo phoenix should always be a 3 or 2, at worst a 4 because it still works well without farm but never a 5, phoenix does so much with levels/gold that its always worth it to give it some... Also I'd recomend always picking that veil before shivas, its much less expensive and it'll help you a lot in the early-midgame and lategame the shivas will be great.  Some have said that mango might be a great pick for phoenix early but I havent tried, in paper it gives you much needed health regen and since phoenix has mana problems it might help you land a clutch ult after your spirits took a little too much mana, this might be really good if you are getting zoned and your tranqs are being delayed.  Another thing you might consider is getting that bottle, that way you farm a bit, kill with ult, bottle up, pick a rune and repeat, you play basically like how you would play a clock and it'll create massive space for your team and free a lane for someone else to farm while you roam.
That honestly sounds awesome
There are two kinds of people, the ones who think old tarantino was the best and the ones who think new tarantino is the best... Imo if you think the newer stuff is better you need to reconsider your life choices.
I honestly think Her was a masterpiece, not only is the story charming and a refreshing take on AI, it has a huge amount of things going for it, the dialogue is cute and hilarious and endearing and Arcade Fire pulled one of the best soundtracks of that year, Joaquin Phoenix acting is on point and Scarlet Johanson has one of the best voice acting ever, she has an incredibly wide range of emotion, but the best thing is how it captures our zeitgeist and its natural evolution perfectly, its a future movie that captures what the future will actually probably be, the costumes, the house design, the outdoor spaces, and the design of computers and phones and other things, never before had I seen such an honest reflection of our society in terms of design
Are you young? Is there any way you can get into medical research, it would seem fair to me that you pursued that carreer if you still can, if not, think of it like this, in 50 years the percentage of people who survive what you just went through will be much higher and it will just rise with the years, you got lucky, we all do sometimes, and more people will get the same luck that's all there is to it, move on
Be a man and keep your so, don't cheat.  Its not worth it
Well if you want to talk... Or maybe play some dota/games send a message
Reckless tortuga is amazing, the racism in America ones are hilarious
They are all masturbators tho if anything they have their minds around fapping more than the average fapper
Religious people, but not all religious people, the kind that vulture around their loved ones or people they know it times of need to get them into their religion instead of helping, your mom died, god can help, you can't find a job, god, you broke up with your long time SO, god, its like they are happy when shitty things happen just to be able to preach their shit. One thing is to believe but this people are literally vultures.
It's not at all about that, I love eating that pussy the pubes make it not ideal but also shaving can be bad for bjs, either you wax or depilate or leave it really short, a 1 or 2 day shave is like eating snadpaper covered pussy
Thats pretty racist of you to think that is Mexicans who get access to pretty much the same culture than you wouldn't know who fuckomg Capitan America is
Yeah I guess it's more dumb than racist
Ohh surely, i dont think anyone expects you to not have feelings for other people, no one is invulnerable to that, how you act on those feelings does define you, the only condition to you keeping the SO is if you have feelings for your SO
Yeah I love two tongues
That black people speak in a horrible impossible to understand accent. It's not at fucking all like my white British recording with which I learnt, it's not at all like will Smith or any other movie star, it's fucking incomprehensible. I don't mean to offend, but could you please enunciate? I look like a racist cunt everytime I ask black person to repeat themselves 5 times in perfectly good English I just can't understand black people for my life. /Rant  I really don't mean to offend but anyone with an accent is fucking hard to understand when it isn't yourbfirst language, the recordings are of white people enunciation and most media tries to keep it as white as possible so when a non white person speaks it's fucking hard, blacks are imposible, Indians are hard and funny, Asians not so and I'd be damned if I couldn't understand Mexican.
That black people speak in a horrible impossible to understand accent. It's not at fucking all like my white British recording with which I learnt, it's not at all like will Smith or any other movie star, it's fucking incomprehensible. I don't mean to offend, but could you please enunciate? I look like a racist cunt everytime I ask black person to repeat themselves 5 times in perfectly good English I just can't understand black people for my life. /Rant  I really don't mean to offend but anyone with an accent is fucking hard to understand when it isn't yourbfirst language, the recordings are of white people enunciation and most media tries to keep it as white as possible so when a non white person speaks it's fucking hard, blacks are imposible, Indians are hard and funny, Asians not so and I'd be damned if I couldn't understand Mexican.
True, a lot of people is still people
Imo that makes you sound uneducated and racist... We fucking devote ourselves to learning your shitty language, you might as well try to return the favour
This is my favorite, congrats.
That's so horrible, I'd hate fuck you if I could because of how horrible it is.
Imo warlock with fatal bonds could be really good but you still need a few seconds and great position
I agree that that's a cool experience I also have a friend who had about the same thing happen to him... He became kind of am ashole preachy Christian tho but thats a story for another time.  I think secularism does lack that sense of community and practicality. There is this guy allain debotton who is an atheist who is very influenced by this communities and has some very interesting ideas. I don't agree a lot with him but he is worth listening too imo, maybe Google him you might consider it interesting.
If anything that's why we should! Ez wins!
I'm glad! And I'm even more glad at least it was an experience that made you better.
Op never said the issue was rough play, get out of here if you can't admit you are wrong.
I thought it was really funny, you brought a little justice to this world
Fuck out of here, people with completely uninteresting interests exist, yeah sure maybe this chick is really into reality TV, do I give a shit about it tho? Hell no.
But just the ones who over do it, naturally tomboyish girls can be cool.
No, not quite, it's a little like "nerdgirls" if the tomboyish woman legit likes whatever sport or team or "manly activity" whatever that means it's really cool, but if she does it to be "omg such one of the guys" then it's not
It'd be really funny if he was an art teacher...   "Rachel your dick technique is horrible! But the way the light hits the shaft is really good, keep working"
I am Mexican, like I can "see" where people are coming from bit I think it's bullshit, personally it's a visually cool add and see nothing wrong with it.
