or maybe your shits aren't as .. resilient as some of ours
well if your offspring consistently off themselves before coming of age, then I'd say you've proven yourself most unfit
I'm sorry, did someone abort into your cereal this morning?
Of course, they're doing the right thing. But I'm not sure if the internet is the right place to learn all of this because people sometimes end up discussing things that would be easily cleared up if someone with experience and authority had eliminated all the obviously wrong answers from the discussion first.
I'm thinking using the in-store PA system to call out the douchebag, that ought to get everybody's attention
it's for when you think that gorilla glass is just a marketing name and not any more scratch-resistant than regular glass
semantics, you know that
that car is an abomination. I mean what good is a roll-cage if you outright destroy any ability for your car to turn a corner, let alone race on a track?
Well yes, it's probably completely cosmetic anyway
cheaper than an amazon.com 10.000mAh power bank? You're right though, that's a great way to power all kinds of stuff
&gt; How do we get a developer to fix it?  Buy them lots of beer
Didn't you get the memo? We hate thin people now! /r/thinpeoplehate   I mean, they're so easy to hate with their disgusting thin bodies, I wish I could open up my own McDonalds so I could invite them all over for that goddamn burger that they so desperately need!
Try crossing the border to Germany for a change, it's not far away I promise!
circle jerk? it's just a law
Get a bigger battery, problem solved! 6000mAh has a way of not draining as fast as 2000mAh
I think you have to be dead inside, that's pretty much it
I think the skin is more of an issue than the SoC. I mean, what good is having lollipop when most of it is hidden? And what good is a good camera if it's hampered when you remove the stock skin and install CM12? Plus you'd have to get an extended battery to get the same sort of battery life as the droid turbo
Oh right, the correct nomenclature would be "morbidly obese woman" of course, does that work better for you?
Well, basically you're saying that you really really don't like what they're doing, but you're staying anyway, with a weak sauce assurance that you will be watching them. I don't see why they should even take notice
&gt; Replace "cops" with "some thief at the airport"  didn't these cops just fucking steal 11 large? and they'll get away with it too
Potentially getting your face smashed in by a highly aggressive guy twice your size is not worth it. Your intact ego won't do you much good when you're getting reconstructive surgery or worse
I'm done wasting my time here. Fuck you and the high horse you rode in on
calling outfit play organized is a big leap
Have you accidentally removed your genitals yet? It seems only a matter of time
that should be standard
Do you know what makes her special? She did not try and clean it up, she knows that cleaning it up would only make it worse so the only way forward is to apologize and leave it alone  I say put another ring on it, somehow
People make fun of you behind your back  also not behind your back
What's the point of getting a new faster phone if it'll throttle and slow down when you actually need it to be fast?
&gt; up to 80 easily  Not with 125cc and a sidecar you won't
theymos believes himself to be a benevolent dictator, when it is clear that he is neither. The core is rotten and all he is accomplishing is that the expunging will be somewhat delayed, and all of bitcoin will be worse off because of it
oh ok. I don't like writing essays
well yeah but I was trying very hard to not pull the "think of the kids!"-card
&gt; Which is why I'll never grasp why someone hates all bikers when one idiot does something  most people don't really see motorcycle riders from a perspective where they're just people having fun. They don't see the responsible riders out there just riding for fun or the people just getting to work, or the people just riding around on their holiday. The people they see are the people that get their attention by being retards, or the people that do stuff so retarded that they end up in the papers as another statistic. The people they hear about are the friend of a friend or a cousin who get a bike and get themselves killed doing stupid shit. They don't hear or tell stories about that dude that just spent 2 months riding all over a continent, they may see some photos on facebook but they'll instantly forget about them. The images that stay are those of a guy smeared across the asphalt  this guy in the ditch is definitely one of those guys you hear about, because here we are discussing his antics in his video. I'd try and post a video of myself but I think I might just literally bore you to death
dude now you're talking shit about another mans bike on a motorcycling subreddit, you big hero. Why don't you walk up to the next guy you see riding a NC700 and try telling him what you just told me? Maybe you should insult his wife and his mother as well, while you're at it
Whatever it is, it's extremely retarded. Luckily you had plenty of room
She's like Keira Knightly, but more talented
well when you get a manual, remember that highways are still boring as fuck no matter what car you drive. Maybe you should take the scenic route, it's more fun anyway :)
God I want to join hands with you SO HARD
Stromae is so fucking good live
I like it, and I think it might actually age better than the Miata. I'd still get the Miata though, unless Fiat manages to sell it with a 200+hp engine in there  Edit: [or cram a V8 in there] (http://www.roadandtrack.com/new-cars/news/a27834/yep-flyin-miata-has-already-crammed-a-v8-in-a-2016-mx-5-miata/)
That is not really a stupid question
no
stock LG remote is useful enough for me
but why, we men are just as guilty
So what you're saying is that until you're out of the bathroom, you're a woman
I fear your efforts are in vain, we are beyond saving
Stop thinking about cc's and start thinking about power. Engine capacity by itself doesn't tell the whole story
Ah yes, so instead of discrediting him wherever he goes, let's just ban him from speaking at all, that's so much easier!
By your logic everyone who posts on /b/ should be put against the wall and shot for all the shit they say
Bitcoin is as much a lottery as the powerball as far as I'm concerned. I mean, I believe in it and support it, but there are about a million ways that this social and financial experiment could grind to a halt
