Roland was the coolest dude on the planet....
Gaige is one of the two most OP characters in the game.  Who the hell told you that she wasn't great solo?  My gods she has a 8 ft floating mech to work with.
The game came out almost 7 years ago and you still haven't finished it.  Probably even bought a used copy of the GOTY edition.  I seriously doubt you are the demographic that they are aiming at....
Doesn't dance.  Wouldn't buy.
Isn't over simplification cute?
So black people are just burned white people?
Wait....you've seen the movie 100+ times and think that Ruby Rhod is Chris Rock?  You are the most unobservant person I have ever met.
I don't know.  You're the one that whipped out the racist card.  Do you think you are a racist?
I will never understand the need to post or read these posts.  Basically it comes down to, "Look, I bought things"
Okay, how about I wish death on the owners that have taken this poor retarded creature and done everything they can to milk her deformities for their own profit?
I wander why?
Corgis rule.  Other dogs drool.
Child learns nothing from this.
I'd love to use Brick to punch everyone off the moon.
Wasn't that sort of a given?
It never ceases to amaze me the amount of stupidity in these posts.  'Too' much air?  Really?  Actually it is mostly pure nitrogen.  Also, if the nitrogen wasn't in there the chips would break and get crushed in transit.  So I would say that while it does have nitrogen it it, it isn't 'too' much for the task required.
You're an idiot.
Don't even try. This is another one of those facts that the reddit circle jerk just can't understand.
The argument is that the stunt was about if there is 'too' much 'air' in the bags.  Everyone agrees that there is a gas in the bags, nitrogen, but to say that it is 'too' much is just stupid.  First, chips are sold by weight, not volume.  So the added air means nothing to the cost.  Second, if you didn't have the nitrogen in there, then the chips would be broken and crushed in transit.  That is why crisps like Pringles have to be made out of potato mash and then shaped to so they stack in transit.  Finally, it isn't 'air', it's nitrogen.  The nitrogen is there to keep freshness which means they don't have to put more preservative into the chips.  So stating that there is 'too much air' in the bags just means that you are too stupid/lazy to actually know why something is done the way it is done.
So basically you're saying that Koreans are too stupid to check to make sure they are buying by weight and not volume.
Labyrinth did it better.
Don't.  Buy.  The.  Product.  Or are you such little children that your country has to hold your hand all the time.
Yea, this from a fucking idiot that can't even follow one simple request to help another person understand the issue.  Just wants to sit there and whine like some punk.  "Oh please daddy government.  Protect me.  I am just a simple farmer and can't be expected to take care of myself."  whine whine whine.
Go ahead.  Lay your head down.  Knowing that you don't need to think because your government is looking out for all of your pathetic little needs.
Yea like assholes like you don't label an entire country of 400 million all the shit you label us.  Please go fuck yourself.
I thought it was way past your bed time.  You know so you can get up and go to your WoW gold farming job.
This is the stupidest shit on the planet.
Corgis rule and other dogs drool.
It never ceases to amaze me the amount of stupidity that surrounds what people 'believe' they know about this breed.
Are you a complete idiot?  Selective breeding is a unique or rare desirable trait in a species and then breeding them with only other ones with that trait to keep it.  While it is true that selective breeding in say animals like pugs and turkeys is a complete shame, but corgis aren't selectively breed.  They are just bred.  The dwarfism isn't unique any specific dog it is a trait of the breed as a whole.  Not using a corgi for their speed and short stature is the same as not using a dog for finding drugs or bombs.  Are you saying we shouldn't do that?  As for munchkins, they were not really selectively bred.  A munchkin cat was born and sired more.  Now after that there might have been selective breeding, I don't know, but this is a fairly resent breed that just in the last couple of years was recognized as a true breed and think they are still debating that.  Corgis happened 400+ years ago that we know of.  There wasn't a lot of selective breeding in the highlands of Wales at the time.
How it talking the truth, bad?
R&amp;C is a Sony exclusive and always will be.
No you don't because you are a fucking bot.
Graphic doesn't make any sense.  If two fingers up is for 2 in the front, how is a fist for 5 in the rear?  Should just be an open hand.
Just ignore this asshat.  Look at his post history.  The guy has a huge hardon for heavy people to the point of assholeness that I have never seen before.
Really?  You haven't watched enough food porn.
"Unlike Activision, Bethesda hasn't once sold themselves out for exclusivity rights".....You never heard of Fallout 3?
Not bad for something that is only 40% done.
Flavor of the month?  Okay skippy.  Let's just forget that he was in Guardians and the Lego Movie last year.  Is already signed up for the Magnificent Seven reboot.  The ceiling is pretty damn high for him right now.  Outside of say Channing Tatum you have to say that he is one of top young lead actors out there right now.
A - Have you seen box offices for [Tom Cruise](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000129/?ref_=fn_al_nm_1), [Brad Pitt](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000093/?ref_=nv_sr_1) and [Sandra Bullock](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000113/?ref_=nv_sr_1) movies lately?  They aren't drawing like they use too.  B - Again, he has been in 3 of the biggest movies of the last 2 years.  Even if he isn't a draw yet in your mind, he sure as hell a draw in the mind of people that make movies.  Once you are attached to movies that make almost a billion dollars, your scale goes up.  Most of those names you put up there didn't start making money until they were attached to a big box office hit or won an Oscar.  He has had 3 in just his first 5 movies where he is a main or major character.  He is going to be getting $20M+ per movie after this current contracts are up.
Knew I should have looked the quote up first.  Still.  Chill the fuck out.
That dude had some serious psychological problems.
Dream on.  There isn't going to be another Borderlands.  Gearbox already made all the money on the planet and want to make sure that other game companies get a chance at the pie.
The one thing that I see that really stands out is that this is the 10th time this season that the producer has dropped the ball.  I don't have time to go back through this season of Tabletop to see where they made mistake, but I'm pretty sure that Wil has already eaten a lot of crow on Youtube for these mistakes.  At some point, you just have to stop beating yourself up and tell the people what is really going on.  Was it a little unprofessional?  Maybe, but then again, we don't know the whole story and it looks like he is also explaining why the producer won't be back if they do a 4th season.
Then how the hell do you know you didn't like the New one if you didn't see it?
Little late for that.
Pryor's problem wasn't really accuracy.  It was that he can't read defenses to save his life.
Come on, we all know that the only reason why Microsoft did this is to try and keep up with Sony.  They know that they are majorly behind in market share and doing what they can to keep up.  If the race was closer, then they would be doing something like Play Now because they were pushing streaming content even before Sony bought out the company that became Play Now.
Please no!!!!  I like having all the threads be about how someone just bought or is thinking of buying a PS3 and wants to know what good games there are on it.
The fact that college coaches can screw over they college to pad their resume and then run to the NFL like nothing happened.
