Alexandra Daddario is a fox.
Gal, not doll.
I feel bad for you guys, shelling out all that cash in the offseason.
Nice neck tattoo, asshole.
Should have made her drive a cab until she got twice the amount of money as the fare she jumped, and then have it given to the cab driver.
With over a billion people, it's not like having gay people is going to hurt anything...
This is why I like shopping at the more upscale grocery stores once in a while. Almost all of their stock is fresh and new.
It'll get logged one day. I guarantee it.
&gt;I'm american and a baseball fan and this still makes no sense to me  There's no way you're a baseball fan and can't figure it out.   The score is 5 - 4 in the bottom of the fifth inning. There's one out and no one is on base.
They also eat almost anything if it's cooked in enough oil.
I agree.
The worst is Breyer's. They cut it with so much shit that it no longer contains enough milk or cream to be considered ice cream. The packages now say "frozen dessert."
Take sardines in tomato sauce, and fry it in a pan with some olive oil. Take a baguette and slice it in half lengthwise. Spread the sardines between the bread, then add julienned cucumbers, thin tomato slices, and cilantro. Quite honestly one of the best sandwiches.
Well made stuffing should be baked until the top layer is crispy.
Probably not worth much, but the guy probably thinks about it every day. It eats at him. Everything he does has a tinge of guilt.
I loved having Shadowmere. Greatest dragon distraction.
That's the one. The thing moves a lot of air. Love it so far.
I'm guessing you're not Korean.
It's not that they're inherently more aggressive than other breeds. It's because their bite is so goddamned strong.
ISIS would try to rape it.
Probably because they'd need to overhaul all of the schools' systems.
I'd love to go to one of these and be the sole person standing up in the front row.
Frosty, you know what I'm sayin? Spoon. We fucked dwarves in the ass.
It depends on who you surround yourself with after high school.
Needs a side car so someone can ride shogun.
Glad you got online to Post-It.
It looks fun.
Do this in America and they would have shot him as he got onto the motorcycle.
Combined, they are wrekt?
And then what? Dude still has a grenade. You'd have to shoot him at that point anyway.
The worst drivers I've seen are white and black.
You get away with way more free speech here than you do in real life.
It's always somewhat painful when you're head over heels...over head over heels for someone.
I love the fact that companies just said fuck it and just used the tetra paks but put a hole on the top with a cap.
Perhaps space travel had advanced considerably once Cooper was rescued.
This is why I'm all for first run movies being available to stream for $20 at home.
Reading all these comments, I have to wonder why so many of you go to the movies for a first date? Or even the second date?
Who cares? You provide about 5 to 10 comments a day.
Guy on the left looks like Daniel Craig with a drinking problem.
Eat breakfast. Running out the door with a coffee is not breakfast.
Clout. She has it.
Why not Sandberg?
He probably got a call from the Church of Scientology.
God. Fucking. Damnit. Maggi seasoning sauce is the greatest thing ever.
Fennel and bacon is a heavenly combination.
&gt;The cons lived on the prison’s honor block, which permitted TVs, refrigerators and hotplates in cells, along with other perks not enjoyed by the general population. The special privileges likely played a part in their escape. (Since the breakout, officials shut down Clinton Correctional’s honor block, theAlbany Times Union reported.)  If these two were so bad, why were they allowed these special privileges?
Exactly. I think people are misreading my comment as giving them only 1 second.
Do they all seriously think you would tip $10 for a coffee drink? Or any drink for that matter?
A bird in the hand is a bird that you're not coming and eating. Enjoy famine!
Imagine spending 50 cents every time you need to pee or poop. Shit adds up.
