Well Karl Joseph got the respect he deserved unlike most lists I am not pissed at this one
If we get past Oklahoma and Oklahoma State which I think is very doable then Oct 17 in Baylor looks to be a very good game
2007 season was stupid
Fuck off list I hate you
Fuck fan votes
Delly for Finals MVP
I don't know why everyone is saying straight out no Delly has practically won the last two games
I think were gonna be back I don't think offense should be a question mark for us Dana has never not found a quarterback and he has had a lot of time to find one and after we lost Stedman and Tavon, Kevin White and Alford stepped up I expect someone else to do the same,* Us being back would be 9 wins
This is it that is the peak of gaming
Pat White was a beast in college though
Just hope Juwan gets drafted and I hope Gary goes and makes money in Puerto Rico that'd be cool
Cavs didn't give Kevin Jones enough of a chance I hope they lose
that was the worse slide in history
Also its called Clash of Kings how did George R. R. Martin allow this to happen
Thank god Viva Pinata is one of them
I hate the Cardinals
We need to step it up
I think were definitely gonna take a win against either Baylor or TCU
Dude got his money and decided to not play anymore good for him
well he did go 3-3 last night
boo this is one of the worst preseason rankings were not even being considered fuck off NBC
Even though we lost I am ecstatic that so many people are pissed at Tabata i am just laughing so much idek why
I want Cole to pitch a no-hitter so bad actually anyone on the pirates seriously
We should fire Dana and pick him up
huh that makes sense I have been thinking of it as Kansas not US
Bullshit his feet were not set at all
Fuck off weakest push off I have ever seen
That was a make up call for not calling a foul when Williams was mauled for that offensive rebound
Why the fuck can't we get a charge huh?
We have horrible fucking space why are Adrian and Williams posting up in basically the same spot its fucking retarded we have horrible spacing
Have you ever actually looked at our offense. Seriously look, notice how every screen we set is set without purpose. Cutters never even try to get open, horrible halfcourt offense.
I have only watched the second half but our offense seems to be running well. I think this is what happens when our offense doesn't surround forcing the ball into Devin.
Not sure how people are calling that a dirty hit. People are just drinking the Steeler hate koolaid
Except if Bernard wouldn't have turned and lowered the hit would have been in the chest and not a dirty hit. So I just don't understand how if the defender causes the head to head how it is dirty.
Laundry is a PTP a Prime Time Player
David Bowie was the first artist, second being Queen, that I went wow I really like this. I am gonna go listen to everything else this artist has to offer.
Let's go Michigan I wanna be ranked even higher
Not to sound ungrateful but still not sure how we started out unranked. Actually I guess that decimation by Kentucky might have played into it.
Roosevelt Jones is my favorite non-WVU player not really sure why but I just love watching him play and I like his name a lot
Well I hope we drop out of the Top Ten, I think SMU has it cursed.
Yay Pitt do good everything is better when rivals do good
I never really think about that Football always has seemed more important. But the way basketball schedules are much more flexible i'm not sure why we haven't. I just wanna meet you in the Tournament.
The Curse of the Top Ten is over no more upsets
Not gonna lie I definitely cranked that three pointer slider to about 66
I wanna say Da'sean Butlers knee. Slim chance we come back but what about an NBA career now that is something I wanted to see. I think the biggest what-if in college sports in the past century that more people should talk about is 2007 13-9 upset of WVU. What if WVU wins the national title game. Terrelle Pryor commits to WVU. Steve Slaton stays another year. Rich Rod stays, who knows what other coaches move where. Does WVU save the Big East. One may argue success doesn't matter, TV contracts do. But I believe a continued success of WVU could have netted a TV contract for the Big East and saved Basketball and Football in the Big East.
I feel like everything became as it is now aesthetically after the stock market crash
Still fighting for that Backyard Brawl: Rhode Island Edition
I fully recognize that 07-08 was the chaos season in College Football but notice there is still a correlation. 07 kicked off with a huge upset of Oklahoma by Boise State. So I believe 06-07 is still connected. Therefore Duke last being unranked in 06-07 just reinforces my theory of 2015-2016 Basketball Season is the new 07 football season the chaos gods have blessed us again.
Well even better of a reason for Pitt to eat shit
I really hope no one thinks we're a surprise sixth was complete bullshit
