So instead the burden is shifted to employers and insurance companies. Someone will pay no matter what, it's just a matter of moving some numbers around.  What reason is there for the government not taking care of dental and vision that makes it distinctively different than regular health?
Wizards are by definition more versatile and more powerful. They get scribe scroll for free, spells a level sooner, and the ability to learn every single spell available to them. Sorcerers just have less bookkeeping.
&gt; So Nintendo treating their gamers like retards again...  No, it's called good game design.
No, but if you listen to the actual podcast they are very very biased and will display anything from AMD consistently.
What you need to do is remove the negative connotation that comes with bring weird. All "normal" means is average.
This is all great as long as you remember that this one quirk in your character is not their single defining characteristic. Everyone in the world has dreams, desires, goals, fears, anxieties. Let your magic denial come out when it makes sense, but the more you shove it into the spotlight when it's not the right time, the sooner you and your fellow PCs will tire of your character.
No, we just need to realize that threatening companies bottom lines means they won't get to donate as much. For example, the stollery may receives less funding.
When you're competing with free, you need a hell of a lot better business model than HBO currently has.
I think they've already made a reputation of being exclusive. They'll need a big PR push to get the word out there that it works on more devices and without a tv subscription.
I neither feel like shit nor need your respect. If a show that costs that much to produce fails to turn a profit because consumers are unwilling to pay the price they are demanding, then so be it. That's how capitalism works.
In a capitalist utopia, no. In the real world, yes. Theft, crime, and piracy can't be ignored when modelling real world economic situations.
Correct. Piracy is illegal and immoral, but so is jaywalking. Wiggle your finger and tut all you like, it won't go away.
Ultimately, piracy lives in the crossroad of "I want this" and "I don't want to pay for this". Granted a lot of people want things they don't want to pay for and yet they won't steal a car or kill someone for their wallet. The only thing keeping people from crossing that road is their own sense of morality or fear of retribution. Since prosecuting pirates is so difficult and the crime is fairly harmless, many people have no problems with it.   The trick is getting pirates out of the "I don't want to pay for this" camp. The only way to do that is by offering a better service and putting it at a price point that makes sense.
There are such things as healthy, sexless, romantic relationships, but they're in the overwhelmingly vast minority.
By the tone of the post, it seems more like she told him rather than discussed
Because he knew precisely what he was getting. You don't go to a restaurant, order a hotdog, and complain that you wish you ordered a hamburger. You don't buy a base trim ford focus and turn around and complain about not having a sunroof and touchscreen navigation.  There is literally no deception at all from Blizzard. All the information regarding the skins were a google away. Either the person bought them without looking them up first (their fault), didn't understand what came with them (again, their fault), or disregarded the information and hoped there was more (still their fault). Blizzard has not earned a single iota of flak being sent their way by this abhorrently entitled and whiny community.
Patron is dirt cheap.
&gt; He went to a restaurant he knew had terrible hot dogs, and he ordered an hot dog hoping it wasn't terrible since it was expensive. The thing is, the hot dog was terrible and expensive.  How the fuck can you possibly make that out to be the restaurant's fault? Especially if you already know precisely how the hotdog tastes beforehand. That's called being a retarded consumer and the purchaser deserves to be parted with their money before a nigerian prince comes along.
People who complain about top tier decks either don't play them or haven't adapted their deck to deal with them.
No reason to be hostile. It's just another point of data to consider. Probably that minorities are typically poorer and less educated.
I feel like he adds to the discussion in the same way the WBC adds to a gay pride parade.  That is, he doesn't. It gives us all something to sneer at while at the same time weakening the positions of those who happen to agree with him when he deliberately insults other users and rants with RANDOMLY capitalised WORDS.
If you had read the original post, you would understand that this has nothing to do with his opinions. I'm asking for the mods to consider banning because he is insulting, derails discussions, and is generally a negative influence on the subreddit as a whole.
Because there is no need at 4k
Free speech is all about government censorship. As a non-governmental entity, we have free reign to limit speech in any way we see fit. I believe eliminating the sort of discussions (vitriolic arguments) that TexasNorth causes is good for the subreddit. Again, nothing to do with his opinions, just his behavior.
I feel like the revamped MC was more of a "Are you sure you want 40 man raids again?" thing.
Read the post again. This has nothing to do with his opinions and everything to do with his conduct.
Do you believe his conduct is affecting the subreddit in a positive and constructive way?
Congratulations for both not reading my post and proving yourself to be a douchebag.
And why would processed and refined be any better or worse than not?
Turn off motion blur if you have it on. It's completely retarded to have anyways.
It's probably more of a social thing than a church thing.
I don't think you understand. Motion blur is used in movies to trick your brain into thinking the 24 fps produces smooth movement due to how we stitch together each frame in our mind. Because most PC games should be running near 60 frames per second there is no need for motion blur. Especially since we move around much more erratically than a panning shot of an action sequence motion blur just makes a mess of everything.
Don't sell it here. People are generally much more savvy. You might have better luck on kijiji where people might be willing to pay more for the alienware name
I think they should fall under the same rules as the rest of society, not be given anything. If the people in that culture want to preserve it, it will be preserved. If not, why force it?
Dan Savage put it the best way. There is never any such thing as a perfect match for anyone. You can find someone else that you are reasonably close to , but will never exactly just the way you are . As you bump and grind against each other in the relationship you will wear down the softer edges and change to fit your partner. But once you get down to the harder part of who you are it will either take more grinding or you'll have to break the relationship off because you aren't willing to shave off those parts of yourself. There is no one for everyone just a 0.65 and a rounding error
Your opinion is popular, and you're a swell guy.
"It's hard, so we're not going to do it."
Nonsense, obviously you'd be idiotic to try to just copy and paste the exact wording for traditional marriage and apply it to polyandrous marriages. You'd have to give then their own category along with all the legal protections and benefits of regular marriage in addition to the possibility of transitioning from a 2 to 3+ person marriage. Hard? Of course. Impossible? No.  And your "pointless" comment is entirely insensitive to those who have been living a polygamous life, but are unable to find the same legal safeguards despite the desperate need for them.
Again, all of those are difficult questions, and ones meant to be answered by people far more versed in marriage law than you or I, but none of them are impossible to answer.
You can be they perfect parent all damn day, and still not have complete control of a teenager.
Good luck getting one new years eve.
I only really got into the game when 4e launched and only played 3.x a few times before that. After a few years I got into 3.5 and now Pathfinder.  The best way I can articulate the problem with 4e is where the focus of the books is. It becomes obvious that 4e trends towards the arcade combat type given how much space in the rulebook is dedicated to stats and numbers, with each power having barely more than a sentence dedicated to the flavour.
Eidolons were insanely overpowered, and there's no consequences for charging them into a fight because they regenerate a basically no cost to the summoner whatsoever. That's on top of then putting out pretty insane damage numbers with pounce, multiple limbs, etc.
There are far more people partying new years eve than there are sober drivers. That's why cabs make bank that day. It's not as simple as just "planning ahead".
This is completely unrelated to the topic at hand. Take your MRA bullshit elsewhere until it's relevant to the conversation.
When is religiously motivated, yes. A single instance is a crazy outlier, but a systematic problem spanning many women demonstrates that the conditions in that country lead to what is currently happening. Catholicism is what caused it, so we're discussing it on a board largely dedicated to the criticism of religion and the promotion of atheism.  Your comment was entirely off topic. This has nothing to do with men's incarceration rates in the United States.
Sounds like you didn't watch any tutorials. It's a simple case of RTFM.  Or in this case WTFV.
Neat. Though I can't imagine a situation where you'd have two different racial bonuses to the same anything.
Exactly. So many commenters saying "fuck forbes" when they need to make money somehow. As long as the ads are unobtrusive, there is no reason to block them.
&gt; Instead of solving a problem, you should just pretend it doesn't exist.  The only courtesy I need to extend to other players with regards to being aware of the game is when the game begins.
