I feel like she gets leeway because she of her prior fame.
With a mum like hers I am not surprised.   Hopefully its just fillers and other reversible things she can stop with no ill effects one day
Its cause they dont pay for the food.
Kandi would finish eating regardless
Yeah but no one is fighting for James to be on like they are with Kristen
True.   But to them this is more like a work trip masquerading as a birthday trip. If one person can't go they lose out on camera time.
lmao possibly.   Poor Lisa, having to keep cheques just for Jax
she should know better?
Lisa tries but does he ever listen?
I hope thats her real reason and is using Jax's place for cheap rent
really? I guess Faith is more age appropriate than his previous girlfriend
I am assuming its one of the two homes she got through the divorce?
It's a 90min movie so I'd say go for it, you might notice things that I didn't in my dot points.   It's not The Room but it's not boring.
Yeah.  I think it feels slow because we are watching it week to week instead of a binge.
No wonder David hates reality tv. He wants it but he doesn't know how to act in front of the cameras.
I'd give them the benefit of the doubt and I think production told the others they would let Lisa know and then didn't to create drama
if she new boobs in private why would put it on tv?
Gotta keep up the illusion of being broke waitress.   I swear either Scheana or Ariana have said that they are lawyer rich from VPR
I guess this baby's name won't be Kash
I hope Kathryn does too. There has to be a reason why becomes full time instead of being kept as a friend.
If Dorinda has a partnership with them featured on RHONY I would die. It's miles better than Jill's thing with Kodak.
I think its because we are so used to seeing these women's faces. A normal person who never touched things like this would have more expressive faces and can actually frown.
thats a thinker of a comparison
Atlanta is the perfect franchise for people who complain on the BH threads every week that its too slow and there is no drama. There is real and manufactured drama on the show every week.   I feel like this tally needs to be taken out before every episode of RHOA as a refresher
I think that event invited so many on the D list. Jill was there.
So true. Eddie barely seems to care and is just around as arm candy.
She seems like a very private person who is being thrust into talking about personal matters on national tv. How she treated Kenya wasn't right but was this the only way to get her to talk to Kenya?
So he is just doing an updated print version of the Fame Whorgas blog.   Sadly none of the drama he and new cast members concocted was good as the stuff that happened between seasons 1-4.
If Cynthia didn't have the urge to bounce from relationships before she met Peter, she could have still been with him!!
I hope its with a montage of Porsha's bratty moments.
She really shouldn't be jealous of the kind of attention Porsha gets.
With the way things are between Kandi and Phaedra I thought it would make more sense if Shamea or Demetria planned her baby shower.
Add her to the list too or even Don Juan.
Its crazy how stunted Porsha is.
The show may say its holiday for Jax and Tom's birthdays but it's a work trip in reality so I can see why he expects to be invited.
I definitely see your side.   If Kenya just treated her mother as someone who rescinded her rights as a parent. Her grandma pretty much adopted Kenya as her daughter.
He probably got a pity invite to the group activities through Max.
Idk why Scheana and Katie are so desperate to include her into the group.
I knew it.   It makes sense since that style of dress is more fashionable now.
That pool needs to be sanitised!
Which is the right thing to do but their friends are forcing them to interact a bit too soon imo
Scheana is the biggest hypocrite there is.
It really does since she flinches all the time in disgust when he goes for it.
I have read a couple of articles from this source about Housewives and they seem a bit delusional. I can't put a finger on what exactly makes me feel that way.
I wonder how they afforded it or its just a photo op
yes! That was such a gross comment!  I think when a girl is really a girls girl they don't have to announce it
I don't think we will get anything totally juicy from Andy until he retires or leaves Bravo. He can't give away work secrets or openly bitch about a HW just yet.
I think the worst is Kyle.
Kyle can go but I'm never tried of Lisa talking about her pets.
He only loves himself!
