Step 1. Actually train BJJ.  Step 2. Participate in the subreddit community in a meaningful way via discussion.  Step 3. Write stuff that is applicable and accessible to the community you are posting it to.   You violate pretty much all of those. You don't train BJJ, you don't participate in the community, and your post itself was poorly written and kind of crappy.
If your post were written better maybe that would have come across.
Yup. That's the most straightforward way to lose weight.
Everyone had BETTER be washing it regularly in this subreddit.
Sure, but mount is worth as much as it is primarily because it's a dominant striking position. Your submission options are actually a lot lower from mount than from side control because of the angles you have to work with. So awarding 2 points for the lift seems a reasonable compromise and a way to encourage good behavior like blocking the lift or releasing.
Video views aren't even peripherally related to this topic. Kimbo Slice has more views than Rodolfo, doesn't make him a more respected or admired fighter.   Your anecdote is not evidence. You can say you feel that way, you can say that people you know feel that way, but you can't use that to make a sweeping generalization about the community view.
I appreciate the concept behind that, but the setup for that guys leg lasso made me cringe. I don't think I would ever go to the leg lasso until I cleared that trapped leg. Otherwise you lose a lot of your control and ability to sweep, and set yourself up for things like this kneebar.  I suppose it's good to know this in case someone fucks up and lets you trap that leg and still throws the lasso on.
You don't have the upper body extension that you get with a spider hook, which means your opponent can pin your bottom leg, clear the lasso, and continue to pass. You should use the spider hook until you clear the leg. RDLR + Lasso is not a place I would want to be. I'm sure there are some people that play that position really well, but it's a lot of risk for little reward in my opinion and I would rather play elsewhere.
Reduce your volume, increase your weight.  Replace all of your isolation work with plyometrics. Keep the big compound lifts.  Lat raises, cable crunches, curls, facepulls, tricep pulldowns, those can all go out the window. Drop your reps from 5/5/amrap to 5/3/1 where that last rep is 90% of your 1rm.
Switch for a couple of months, see what the change does for you, how you feel and how the workload feels. Then once you have adjusted to the heavier weights, if you are starting to lose the hypertrophy that you want then pick up the isolation work again until you hit the balance you are looking for.  You are unlikely to lose a lot of your definition while you are still lifting because it's not as if those muscles aren't getting worked pretty hard. You might be slightly less swole at the end of the day, but you'll be a hell of a lot stronger.
Sure, if it's a violation of german law the way he's doing it then that's on him to deal with. But it's also a normal and common practice for all MTG players beyond the most casual. I don't know if that will make a difference to the german courts or not.
This is one of the times when I recommend a break from BJJ For about 3 weeks, then start weight lifting. Squats will fix your knees if done properly.
I can think of a few people who would have a problem REALLY cranking on an armbar, even in a situation where their life might be on the line simply because they are the kind of person that just really doesn't want to hurt someone unless they absolutely have to. It takes a certain amount of will power to follow through on something that you KNOW is going to fuck someones joints up that bad.
&gt;  it forces you to stay still  Ahh, here's your problem, you're shitty at grappling.
Adrenaline is a hell of a thing. There is a real precedence for people getting their arms seriously fucked up and not even realizing it until hours later.   So you shouldn't ever 100% rely on pain to incapacitate an opponent. If you get a chance to break a limb you break it and you keep going and use that to facilitate the choke that is going to make sure the person is no longer a threat.
You guys are always so obsessed about the idea that some random other dude is going to come out of the shadow and kick your skull in, yet the VAST majority of evidence indicates nothing of the sort.   Should you be aware? Yes. Should you shape your entire repertoire around that possibility? No. I can choke someone unconscious while watching for additional threats and if need be using that person as a human shield.
Ok, I am giving WAY too much thought to that $350 level...
I Didn't realize physically assaulting someone and drawing a firearm was the correct action towards a disobedient teenager...
You do suck at every aspect of jiujitsu. You're a whitebelt. You're supposed to suck. Blue belts also generally still suck. So do purple belts. Brown belts are starting to kind of get the hang of it. Most black belts are pretty ok.  BJJ has such a depth of potential expertise that you are going to be awful at it for a VERY long time if you compare yourself to other people. Worry only about whether the you from today is better than the you from six months ago.
Smaller people who are your rank or lower, don't hit them constantly. Hit one, maybe two, then work on something else. If you regularly get the same people with wristlocks then spend some time showing them how to defend.  Folks your same size and rank, or who are upper belts, go for wristlocks all day long.
People say that, but I feel absolutely nothing when people do it to me.
Yeah, that was a freak accident. More people get paralyzed from cheerleading than from BJJ every year.
Don't shit talk Dressage. It's one of the few remaining pure olympic sports with a direct link to combat applications. It's a display of the horse and rider mastery that that allowed someone to control a horse mid combat while wielding a sword and shield, or sword and pistol.  Dressage is some seriously badass shit and should not be lumped in with speed walking and trampoline.
As was mentioned below, you almost certainly are letting your elbow get loose, with your underhook too high and without using your bottom arm for any kind of control.
Sitting with no grips while someone else is standing is 100% a disadvantage. Every time.  Your opponent has WAY more options than you do.
Just be better than your opponent instead of planning to power out of the submissions, maybe?  If you're winning then you don't have to worry about tapping.
I'm more then happy to go power doubled or seio naged through the planet if that's the result. I would rather have the opportunity to egnage from standing than spend the whole time trying to chase down someone who has decided the don't want to engage on the ground.
It's an inherent disadvantage. Just because you like it doesn't make it an advantageous position.
Complete myth. Can't happen. Your nose is a relatively small and fragile batch of cartilage with a small piece of thin bone at the top (http://healthcare.walgreens.com/marketing/library/graphics/images/en/8915.jpg) . Your skull is pretty well put together. Hitting someone with enough force to fracture that frontal part of the skull would pulverize their face.
If you are hitting them that hard and that much, then the least of their worries is a tiny piece of bone because the rest of their skull is going to be obliterated.
I see the problem. The technique in that video is not a clock choke. It's not a clock choke variant. It has nothing in common with the way the clock choke is performed or finished. It's also a bow and arrow choke variation that I've commonly seen called a 'hell choke'.
Come on dude, at least be a real participant in the community between blog posts.
As much as I might take issue with how Jordan handled his rank issue, this implies that his skill isn't earned, and that's total shit.
It depends on how much time you have to spend training. If you have the time to train both boxing and judo then that's going to be fantatic, if you only have time to train one thing then Judo or BJJ i better becaue your primary goal is to GTFO, and being able to grapple is what will keep you from getting mobbed.
I prefer US Grappling sub only by a wide margin.  However a points system that awards the position regardless of how it is achieved, with no advantages, and points awarded for lifting someone above your waist ('Slam' points) would be fine for me. The current IBJJF point system is crap. Also, no referee decision. Some kind of overtime period instead then way EBI does it.
Imanari definitely has a chance. Not too long ago most people would have been posing that question in reverse.
If they had a better format for the Top 8 it would. Maybe give a 2 hour dinner break before the top 8 for people to eat and relax and prepare, but I know that would make events run super long.  Just seems like finding a way to let people eat and rest would cut down on the amount of sloppy play we end up seeing.
Umm, all of the shit that works for someone half your size just works that much better for you.
Go read the studies again. The results aren't universal. Some people had reaction times that were up to 3/4 of a second slower when high than when sober. It affects everyone differently and making any kind of universal "Marijuana does X or does not do Y" statement is going to be wrong.  The risk for slowed reaction time and loss of focus is there, therefore it's a disservice to your training partners to indulge without letting them know and making sure they are ok with it.
But correct punching technique is just that much more effective for a larger person. Things like using a crouched stance often come down to strategic thinking, not technical. And strategic thinking is where the big guy should be looking. Hang on people, make them carry your weight as much as possible, make them move more than you move, etc...
I super agree with this. Tell the instructor. My friends who teach the kids classes would never ever ever ever put up with that kind of stuff from the kids they teach and they would enforce it via BJJ related punishments, and that stuff can be truly truly miserable.
I would be there with pitchforks and torches to crucify you as well over  dirty gi acceptance!
I don't want to be on bottom mount, or have my back taken, or be bottom side control.  I don't mind having DLR, my opponent can't do anything against it except get swept.   I FAR PREFER to be on top Knee on Belly.
&gt; 230 lb body builders don't get knocked on their ass by a magic trick.  They do, they most certainly do. It's all about positioning of your body in relation to theirs and making sure that their base starts out compromised. It's all physics and fakery.
I'm going to go ahead and not put much stock in your 20 year old memory of this event then.
None of us think this was a good idea. The only time I would ever engage someone with a gun is if I was very worried they were going to shoot other people, or intended to shoot me whether I tried anything or not.
&gt; Evidence actually shows that martial arts practitioners are actually at a higher risk of injury in those situations because they BELIEVE THEY KNOW HOW TO FIGHT EFFECTIVELY,  Citation needed.   &gt;FURTHERMORE martial artists are actually held accountable in legal situations where they use their "effective fighting skills" because the legal system deems that someone who has knowledge of specific harm they can cause to someone are (to paraphrase) twats and should take responsibility.  Citation needed.  &gt;Military martial arts is essentially very simple self defense.  Citation needed.    You may not be learning to fight. I am, and have. That's what makes what I train a Martial Art, and what you do interpretive dance.
Do you enjoy prison? If you enjoy prison then go right ahead.
&gt; couldn't get into that sporting team because you weren't skilled enough it made you doubt yourselves and want to give up on trying.   The fuck kind of pathetic attitude is that? When someone tells me I can't do something because I'm not skilled enough I decide how much I want that thing, then if I want it enough I put in the work to try to reach that next level, I don't just roll over and quit because I'm not yet skilled enough. That's nonsense.  Being denied the opportunity to do something based on an attribute you can't control like your gender or race is a problem. Being denied something because of your ability to perform is not a problem. Other than that, I agree with you.
Choke him until he taps or goes out. Close your eyes and dig your head down to protect yourself.  Joint locks you should be kind of nice with and release even if someone is just being douchebaggy and refusing to tap, but chokes you can just hold until they go out if they refuse to tap.
