And as someone who lives in a pretty healthy home, even the tofu and tempeh part alone makes me cringe--huge misconception that tofu and tempeh are the be-all and end-all for healthy food.
I may be downvoted to hell for this, but there are benefits to eating organic versions of healthy food (read: *not* organic food, period, but organic versions of already established healthy foods). A lot of the pesticides, herbicides and radiation treatment lots of produce get are often considered potential (*small*, but still potential) cancer risks. Plus, with all the controversy around pesticides and the increasing strength of the pests they're intended to ward off, having produce that doesn't use them is a means of attempting to relieve this.  But more important than organic produce is organic animal products. With such huge instances of animal rights abuse in factory farms, where "organic" guarantees at least a certain degree of care and good treatment of the animals, one can see why it may have such wide appeal. Plus, it makes you think differently of the food you're eating when the animal it comes from has differences in the growth hormones its given, and the health of the animal before it's killed. Plus, it's just more ethical for the animals. Look, obviously in the best case scenario we'd all be vegetarians, and regardless of the situation the animals are still killed for our food. But hey, if you're going to eat meat, wouldn't you rather the animal have lived a more pleasant life rather than suffer in a factory farm with terrible conditions?  So yeah, it's not completely confirmed that organic food is not in any way, shape or form healthier than conventional food. It also goes way beyond health reasons why people would switch to organic.  QUICKEDIT: It is not confirmed that organic food is not healthier. It is, however, unconfirmed how big of the difference is and that's what skeptics go on about.  EDIT: OK screw it, my definition for organic farming was very much wrong. Still, there are some differences in the same vein. But you have every right to criticize me for what I have specified as the differences.
No, I'm saying /r/starwarsbattlefront is having the RIGHT reaction to it. And so is everywhere else.  And did you just say the map looks small? Did you not see the range of spots the X Wings and snowspeeders were covering? The battle at any one time was concentrated in one or two areas but the map itself and the number of spots it had seemed HUGE. And the range of spots to fly in also seemed gigantic.  And the battle at any one time often looked more hectic and intense than most battles in Battlefront 2 unless you were playing Coruscant or an XL battle. At any one time, it seemed like there were at least 15 people fighting in a single plot (which leads me to believe there might actually be bots or something).
The dessert map in Battlefield 3 is significantly bigger than Battlefront 2's Hoth though...and Hoth is the biggest map in that game.  If Planetside 2 is your point of reference then nothing will match that!
It's complete chaos. There's no sense of tactical placement, just explosions and people dying and something could fall on you at any time and make you cry bullshit.  Just like Battlefront should be :).
Yeah, I'm starting to believe that Atlus said, "Hey, let's just make an entirely new game that plays on every bad anime trope ever!"  "But we promised them an FE and SMT crossover!"  "Hmm...true...I got it! We name the characters those names, and just give them the right hair colors!"
I disagree. I think it's far worse. In Battlefront II, I'd always get massively bored when manning the AT-AT and I felt like I wasn't getting much done. With a snowspeeder though, making sure you can carefully and precisely do those tow cable runs without being shot either was always fun and intense. Not being able to do them and just watching a cutscene of it is hugely infuriating and loses a lot of that intensity.
You know, I'm gonna fight against this notion. He's playing WAY more interestingly than I've ever seen him before. Like, still a bit campy, but way less so than I've usually seen him.
Yeah, I was thinking that. You're exactly right, Smash 4's needs to be more ambitious.  That being said, Smash 4 can benefit from the way in which MK8 handles all of its other features. Regional matchmaking included. That one is HUGE, and should be there in Smash 4 (where they arguably need it more).
&gt;perfect laser swordmanship  Okay that's just not true. He had his ass handed to him every single time he picked that thing up.
I had only heard parts of it in the past but recently decided to watch the scene as it originally was, completely with that song. While I dislike most SE changes (except Ian McDiarmid in V, and giving Cloud City more scale, etc.), this is one I definitely appreciated. It just gave more closure to the entire trilogy because it's generally a more heartfelt, but at the same time epic ending to the trilogy.  I think it also fits the rest of the music that appears near the end as well. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiM5zEEI_Jo) it is. Yub Nub feels like the ending to a movie. The SE finale feels like the end to a trilogy.
&gt;Metroid games focus heavily on exploration so they're usually a bit vague, but the lack of a map and incredibly similar-looking environments made Metroid 2 completely unplayable for me.  With Metroid 1 I could find my way through without a map because each room at least had different colors or different challenges that were mostly clearly distinguishable from each other. I knew that map super well by the time I was done with it and didn't really even use a map except for finding the varia suit.  But Metroid 2...everything just looks the same, and some patterns are so similar to each other and some of the paths to where you have to go next are a chore to find. Stopped about a third of the way through it. Metroid 1 and Super Metroid felt infinitely better to me.
Like I said, I was perfectly fine with having hardly any use outside of the extra combat boost. On Hero Mode, they helped *so* much. For the Treacherous Tower they were an even bigger help. And if they make the experience more satisfying with cool effects and lots of power, then I wouldn't call that pointless.  Also, it's worth noting that getting all the Maiamais gave you the upgraded spin attack. Which was also pretty sweet.
I just watched Episode II a few nights ago. Believe me, the pacing was not *nearly* as good as VII's. Several scenes were either far too drawn out or didn't even need to be there. Dooku's introduction and involvement in the plot was super rushed. There was at least an hour's worth of romance scenes that I wish I didn't see. I could go on.
Also, if anything, he was one of my favorites in this film. No one beats Kylo Ren in my mind, but Finn was a close runner up. There was no new character that I disliked (except those we didn't get anything of yet like Phasma). The cast was so good that Rey, who I also really enjoyed, was my least favorite new character behind Kylo, Finn, Poe and BB-8.
Don't thank us yet! We're not done until someone replies to me and we finish the episode (and on the topic, I'd assert it's one of the best episodes of television ever)!
Band Geeks is probably one of the greatest episodes of TV I've ever watched as well.
As others have been saying, they're generally considered good movies (if not great, if not fantastic, depending on who you ask). The problem is, they're not really Star Trek movies by nature.  Star Trek is hardly about the big action moments, or the sci-fi environment. It's about human nature, and it's speculative fiction, just told in a sci-fi universe. J.J.'s Star Trek movies felt like large-scale space opera adventures. Which is more of what Star Wars is like.  And that doesn't make the films bad. It just means they're not as much Star Trek films.
Most people I know who saw it as their first Star Wars film really enjoyed it...  Also, the best parts of the movie (characters, and the interactions they have, and the themes around them) are the new ones. Which bodes well for future installments.
I mean, you're singling out only some of his lines. Han also had his blend of simpler and more clever comedy (Example: "It's not my fault! ...it's not my fault" and when he charges into a bunch of Stormtroopers, then turns the corner, screams, and runs the other way). It's part of the reason he was so enjoyable. Finn had some pretty funny and clever dialogue. ("Why are you helping me?" "...because it's the right thing to do." "...you need a pilot." "I need a pilot"). Also, singling out "hell no!" and "that's one hell of a pilot!" doesn't really apply as they're not supposed to be comedy. At this point, I consider either 5 or 7 to be the funniest Star Wars movie (most people do at this point, it seems).  One of the best things about Episode 5's comedy is that it was a means of showing that they weren't taking the story *too* seriously all the time. Examples include Han Solo's "I know." and Luke's "I am ready. Ben, I can be a Jedi. Ben, tell him I'm read--" and then he bumps his head on the short ceiling. Lines like Poe's "...so who talks first, you talk first? I talk first?" were perfect for this.
Marvel movies also have the impediment of an already written canon. A canon that the movies seem required to follow at least a little. But the new Star Wars movies are intended to rewrite canon so that shouldn't be an issue.  In an interview with Lawrence Kasdan, J.J. Abrams described their decision to make Episode 7 derivative of ANH deliberately so that they could "move backwards in order to move forwards". What that means is, Episode 7 was supposed to be a successful retread in the safe zone after the prequels turned off many fans, so that Episodes 8 and 9 have really solid ground to do really interesting and new stuff.  That was the goal, at least. And since the groundworks of the whole trilogy were laid out ahead of time I imagine they succeeded. I hope so, at least.
That's totally subjective. Most people I know really liked that scene. The dialogue didn't feel forced at all and managed to explain the entire situation between them without just plain saying, "So, in case you didn't know: this is what happened." Obviously, we got the exposition out of it, but it never felt like they were over-explaining or forcing it. It felt like they hadn't seen each other in a while and were reminiscing.
I'm quite surprised you didn't forget about *all* the films you've forgotten.
It's not that the Star Wars title is excusing it for me. It's that I really didn't mind those moments. I didn't find them to be noticeable flaws. Except the Rathtar scene. That's the one scene that disconcerted me.   The Star Wars name doesn't excuse these flaws to me. It certainly didn't excuse me rewatch of Episode 2 a few nights ago, I'll tell you that much. That movie had an entire hour's worth of content I wish wasn't there. Though I'll admit that I may also be subtly influenced by public opinion.
I disagree on those points. To each his own, but here's my take:  - 1st spoiler: [](#s "First of all, while the Republic is barely introduced, I thought it a really deep touch for them to actually show the faces of people on the planet before it blows up. It's something the destruction of Alderaan could've benefited from--whether or not they're introduced before, watching the faces of billions as they are about to be wiped out hits me hard. I attribute the rest of the rush into action as, 'We just saw them blow up the Republic! They're going to blow us up now too! We need to act as soon as possible now that we know this weapon exists and it's being charged on us!") - 2nd spoiler: [](#s "Starkiller Base is introduced about a third into the movie, if not a third. It destroys the Hosnian system approximately halfway through. The final third is dedicated to its destruction. I've seen it twice--it definitely didn't fire further than a bit over halfway through. As for it having not as much weight, it wasn't really given much priority either. You know it's going to get destroyed, so instead they use it as a backdrop for the more intense, not before seen sequence of events that happens on the surface.") - 3rd spoiler: [](#s "Oh I loved the back and forth context switch. It reminded me of Return of the Jedi, and the Lord of the Rings Trilogy. You have the scene at hand, and then an update on the background plot. Back and forth. It's been done before, and it's often considered a very strong way of pacing two interweaving plots at once.")  &gt;next to Carrie Fisher's acting and some of the dialogue.  Oh I thought she was fantastic! She didn't do that much, but she was given the justice she deserved. She was Leia 30 years later, just as she should've been and she didn't steal the spotlight from the new main characters.  &gt;I just wish the movie would not feel the need so much...  I agree, but after the prequels, the studio probably felt this was the safest route to ensure success, and the start of a new trilogy that can take to new heights on much more stable ground. That's what J.J. has alluded to in his interviews, that they wanted to take a step backwards before moving forwards, which they now aim to do in 8 and 9.
I thought it was an awesome movie in many ways, and definitely deserved better than that score.  That being said, one thing that really confuses me about the movie is how it's presented as if it was a true story (the biographically stated events and such) but in fact was not a true story.  Also, Denzel surviving attacks that would've (and did) kill others in a few seconds/minutes.  But those are relatively minor compared to the film's praises.
Not only that, but rewatching Episodes I and II, they have just as many nostalgic callbacks, and many come off as super forced and just to be there. TFA was *definitely* not the movie to start doing this.
Fair enough. I agree with that, actually.
&gt;The fact that the new villain in VII is Han's son   How? Was Vader the son of anyone important? What makes that a rehash? Keeping to the Skywalker bloodline is not something of a rehash--it's keeping it consistent because the Star Wars movies are intended to be about the Skywalker bloodline.
Rhyming and circular nature is something very common with Star Wars. The name might be a bit funny because of that, but it's consistent with Star Wars. At least it's not a literal Death Star III.
&gt;The best pilot still got shot by the star destroyer.  Because missiles. With no way to dodge them.  &gt;the main evil jedi almost got beat by the sanitation guy  He didn't almost beat him. He got his ass handed to him.  &gt;oh I have Luke Skywalkers lightsaber and I just keep it in a shoe box in the basement  Not a shoebox. And she obviously monitors it quite closely. And it seemed to be locked away and opened only for Rey. Maz seems to know who Rey is--she looked like she was leading her there.  &gt; the most sought after droid anywhere but lets take him to the pub  ...because they're trying to find someone to send the droid away!  &gt;How about one of the few force capable beings in the universe just happens to be on the same planet as the MF and in the same area on that planet and when the empire attacks she just happens to be in the same area as falcon and she happens to run that way and oh despite it being in the middle of the desert they left the ****** door open.  Chance encounters are common in Star Wars, and a huge part of the wonder of the story. Hey, how did 3PO and R2 manage to somehow land within a few miles of the exact spot where the son of Anakin Skywalker was being hidden from him on Tatooine?
&gt;More like recycling.  Which, as indicated by the 2nd and 3rd Indiana Jones films, is not always a bad thing. People consider The Last Crusade to be the best Indie film, but it's virtually a carbon copy of Raiders.  You're right. Hitting all the marks doesn't make it great. What makes it great is the content. And the new stuff. Stormtroopers being capable. And being humanized. An awesome new cast. A new villain that really offers something new. Excellent filmmaking (lighting, sets, directing, cinematography, pacing, editing, action sequences, dialogue sequences, writing, etc.). And retaining the Star Wars feel through and through. That's why people love it.  Not once have I seen someone say, "I loved the movie because it felt like A New Hope." I do, however, hear people saying, "I loved the movie because the new cast was awesome, and because it was just a well made film all the way through."
&gt;The Prequels had a very similar cinematic feel to the OT, more so than TFA  May more so than TFA, but definitely not close to OT. After rewatching the OT twice in the past 2-3 months, and rewatching Episode II recently as well, the cinematography is *completely* different. And while some of the ships looked "Star Wars-y" some designs definitely stuck out as not fitting the same feel.
It's better than the TCW first season, but not *much* better.  It's getting me aggravated how often the show seems to use the content of TCW and of the OT as a crutch for content of sorts. This wouldn't be a problem if it was well executed, but it's not often well executed.  Also, a big flaw with the show that's often ridiculously grating: the Imperials are absolutely useless. They'll fire repeatedly from ten feet away and still miss their targets--their targets usually not even bothering to take cover. Then, when the Rebels charge them, they'll suddenly stop firing. A Rebel will say, "there's no way we can take off when the ship is locked down like that" and then they'll take off, breaking the lock which was supposed to be unbreakable. In the most recent episodes, two walkers fired upon small-medium sized ships, and it barely even scratched the ships. When the ships fired back, they did humongous damage to the walkers. That's just not how walkers work (remember Episode V when they'd go completely unfazed to even the most powerful attacks to their bodies?).  And it should be a minor flaw, but because of how absurdly facepalmy it gets, there's just no tension. You know that Imperial vehicle that was professed to be unstoppable will go down easy. And you know that even a legion of troopers will never land any of their 30 shots they take from 10 feet away.
You're not getting downvoted for an unpopular opinion. You're getting downvoted because your comment is strange and tries to villainize those who liked the movie.  Most people I know who absolutely loved the movie are not big Star Wars fans. They just thought it was a really awesome movie as it was. And then most of my big Star Wars fan friends also really loved it.  &gt;Personally, I enjoyed Deadpool more the the last SW movie.  Why is this at all relevant?
It didn't help that the writing for the movie and show at the time was terrible for the most part. Ahsoka came off as bratty for the most part. The nickname "Skyguy" was just grating on the ears. She had infinite plot armor no matter how foolishly she acted. There were no consequences for her actions when they were bad. She faced off against enemies that, with her experience, should've ripped her apart. And she'd hold her ground well. (She held off Grevious singlehandedly with hardly any experience at one point--this was a guy who once took on three Jedi Masters and a couple padawans at once, and destroyed them).
James Bond works. Starlord in the Guardians of the Galaxy movie doesn't really fail at anything and is the only one to hold the power of the stone at the end. Captain America too.  All three are generally considered great characters.
&gt;think there's a negative connotation to tweeting "Donald Trump thinks women deserve equal pay for equal work,"  The rest of your post is very valid, but I just wanted to address this and play devil's advocate:  When Donald Trump says “You’re gonna make the same if you do as good a job," he's not saying women deserve equal pay and that he will fight for it. He's saying, "Well, if you women want equal pay so badly, maybe you should just do a better job at it," implying there's not also inherent sexism in the system (of which there is definitely huge evidence) and that women simply don't do the job as well. There *is* a negative connotation to it.
I'm not going to debate that either--I'm debating that Trump's tweet very much can have a negative connotation to it, when you're making it an absurd notion for it to have one.
I hate this movie with a passion, but the killing Zod scene I thought could've been absolutely brilliant...I was ready to forgive the movie of so many of its sins. "Wow, this is amazing. Now, Clark can sit on the weight of his actions, and perhaps he can learn to define his own moral code from this point on, now that he knows what it feels like to go too far. It's a great way to transition into the Superman we know!"  And then the next scene blew up any possible payoff it could've had with some campy airfield scene that seemed to completely forget the previous scene happened. None of the rich character development that could've been utilized happened. And then I went back to hating the movie.
The only thing I don't like about it is the main villain (as someone who never knew about the Mandarin before the film, I didn't mind the twist--it was the other guy I didn't like). The rest I thought was damn awesome!
&gt;others fall flat  There's only one episode in the entire 26 that most would consider to fall flat, and that's Boogie Woogie Feng Shui. Just about all the others are very enjoyable and add to the characters and atmosphere. They range in quality, yes, but that's because they range from masterful to just great.
Oh come on, no it's not. That's like an old 50s cartoon gimmick where the girls giggle and hold it in when a handsome guy passes by. Not only is it unrealistic, but in this situation given the context of the scene and the rest of what's going on, that line made no sense.
They're very consistent with themselves too. My biggest gripe with this scene is that it happens right after the killing Zod scene, a moment that was absolutely brilliant and could've led to some amazingly human development that could've led to the Superman we know and love. And then they wasted the opportunity. Sucks, really.
I agree that the whole movie really felt devoid of it. That being said, maybe that's a human sentiment (it definitely is), but the smirk and line just didn't feel like it at all.
Finn has many more moments of badassery and heroics than comic relief in the movie. Equating him to just comic relief is like equating Han Solo to just comic relief.
That's one video that doesn't speak for all moviegoers. Reviews were very mixed. And most people I know who remembered seeing Ep1 on release really didn't like it, even back then. They've told me the reaction to it, both in release and over the next while, has been significantly different from that of TFA.  Also, the climate of hype was completely different. Blind hype was much easier there because of how good the originals were. Cautious hype was more common here because of how bad the prequels were.
See, this is why I can't take you seriously. That's not at all how either of those scenes played out.  EDIT: OK, I see I'm being downvoted, so let me elaborate.  - What makes Spock beating up Khan laughable? It was the end result of a chase and other fighting.  - One of the cool elements of Spock's arc is the constant battle between his human and vulcan side. And the negatives of both sides. When Spock is about to kill him, its both his human rage and Vulcan logic influencing him. No real downsides, honestly--this isn't Batman where there is an inner conflict about being an executioner. When the revelation comes along that Khan can be used to heal spock, its his human sense of connection and sentimentality that wins over the human rage for a moment so that he can revive his friend. The Vulcan logic part also disappears, but here we're beckoning for the human rage to not overtake him. Before that, there is no reason why Khan should live there. - Rey beat Kylo who just destroyed Finn, was wounded in the side by a bowcaster that previously was flinging stormtroopers 20 feet, and was ordered to not kill Rey. And who didn't expect Rey's ability--similar instances have happened in Star Wars before. - Rey has no reason to have an internal conflict about killing at this point. There is no point in the series where she is exposed to a "no killing" mantra. Why would she need that internal conflict?  Also, **JJ didn't write Star Trek Into Darkness. Or most of TFA.**
&gt;It's the most 6/10 movie I've ever seen.  This is something I can't quite understand. Even if you weren't the biggest fan, the main complaint was that it was derivative. But its other individual elements are far beyond 6/10 for the most part. Editing, cinematography, writing, pacing, characters and their arcs, and general direction with Star Wars feel were all pretty much aced.  Besides, the things that it did the most right (Stardestroyer graveyard battle, the new lightsaber duels, interrogation scene, Kylo Ren, and the character chemistry) were the ones that weren't copy pasted.
TFA's blend of CGI and practical effects was near flawless with the exception of the Rathtar scene IMO.
