I knew Gideon was in this season, but I wasn't expecting him to be in that much of the first episode.   I was so excited.
!!!!!  You know, I thought it looked like him, but I think the brief thought was "Why would they get Quinto to play a corpse?  Nah...".
Best possible description of the show, in my opinion.  :)
One of the things that I thought when initially watching that video is "Huh, the officer is telling most everyone around the camera person to get down.  I'll bet *anything* the person filming this is white".  Sometimes I hate being right.
I think my favorite of his is on one of the Laci Green response videos, he actually takes one of the multitudes of reasons she lists of why she's a feminist and asks "How does this one thing make you a feminist!!!???", on *multiple points*.  It's like...dude.  You're picking apart the video line by line.  THE ENTIRE VIDEO IS A LIST OF REASONS WHY.  On it's own, maybe they're not sufficient (I guess?) but the whole point is that there are a TON of things that inform her world view.  The man has achieved Max Level Cherry-pick.
Yeah, no kidding.  I'm pretty sure I actually said an audible "WTF?" (non-anagram form) when I saw this headline.  Almost literally the last person on the planet I'd expect to make that kind of ridiculous mistake.
I like What the Flick as a review show a lot.  Even if you're not a fan of The Young Turks (which is kind of it's parent show), they're often a pretty great resource.  Also, Alonso is friends with Bryan Fuller, so things like this happen.
That whole end scene was amazing, though.  They did a really good job of getting you emotionally invested in the Raptors....I was legitimately upset when they started dying.    Except for the one that got thrown into a building and exploded.  I laughed out loud.  I mean.  It seems like it hit something explosive (obviously) but in my head, when I saw it....it just arbitrarily exploded, and seemed to me like another meta dig at big summer action movies.
I sincerely hope they throw a small mountain of money at him for a sequel.  Really the only thing this movie was lacking was Goldblum constantly telling everyone how terrible everything is.
I love that guy.  I had absolutely no idea he was going to be in it, and I'm super glad he was Chief Meta Comic Relief.
I love that this movie was essentially "Look at all this shiny shit we have to do to get audiences in seats.  You know what?  F*** THAT!  OLD SCHOOL WINS!"  It's having it's cake and eating it too, but that's fine with me when it's this good.
I'm rarely entirely uncomfortable by things that are on my television.  Thursday night was a fine exception to that.  NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE.
Reading SRD almost universally smash KiA into the floor is probably my favorite internet thing today.
Stupid comic relief, relieving tension, almost as if designed to do that.
Yeah, they're pretty much going there.  (Though I don't think it's romantic love).  They're taking a *lot* of the previous subtext and just putting it on the table and pointing at it.   And I think it's great.
Chilton needs and eye-patch and a parrot.  (I'm pretty sure Raul Espraza actually made that joke, but I inappropriately laughed out loud at the thought when he popped up in the preview for next week).
Yep.  This is precisely what it looks like when Hannibal runs out of fucks.
Somehow just the very concept of erectile dysfunction is actually a more reliable source than encyclopedia dramatica.
Yeah, me too.  They could easily say "Well, we don't want to produce it, but if *you* want to produce and stream new seasons, we're going to get in your way".   If there's serious interest from another company, and Amazon fucks it up by being unreasonable (obviously they're owed some sort of consideration, but if they're passing on it....they should be reasonable), I'm tossing my prime subscription and telling them *exactly* why.
"Got a base head wife.  Her womb is polluted.  This whole town's a pussy, waiting to get fucked".   Possibly the best song lyrics ever recorded.
The image of one of his Feelings hugging the guitar and rocking back and forth while the GIRL alarm goes off is probably one of my favorite Pixar things.
They shouldn't.  And I don't think that's what was decided here.  Simply that the state *can't deny* marriage licenses to same sex couples looking for one.  Churches should be able to decide for themselves what services they want to perform.
Right.  But I didn't say anything like that.  I was just making a joke about states getting around the supreme court ruling on abortion by requiring admitting privileges for doctors that perform them.  (The implication being that regardless of the ruling on the constitutionality of banning it, they will find a way to try).
So long as he's replaced by a Baldwin of equal or greater value.
There are very few shows out there that are/were so bad that they actually make me angry.  I'm pretty sure that Legend of the Seeker and Under the Dome are at the top of that short list for me.  (Mostly a mix of bad and completely crapping on the source material).  That more people are watching *that* than Hannibal is just.  No.
While it does deviate from the source material, I think it gets the *feel* of a Thomas Harris novel better than anything that's come before it.  I've said repeatedly that Fuller does Harris better than Harris does Harris.  I remember being initially impressed by how it wasn't *awful* (as I initially saw it as another pointless reboot, regardless of how much I like Fuller), and as the first half of the first season went on, it became pretty clear that it was a masterpiece.  I'd seriously give it at least the first season....even if it doesn't live up to the hype for you, it's at the very least a *good* show.
TOTES NOT A RIGHT WING MOVEMENT GUIS
"Court makes obvious and right decision"  Of course it's 5-4.  I don't even need to look at who voted what.
Yeah, Kennedy's 'swing vote' is kind of hard to gauge, haha.
As much as I'm not a fan of George W. Bush, if he shows up on the last episode of the Daily Show, that would probably be the best thing ever.
Truth.
Great.  Now I want Gary Oldman in some Star Wars.
The perfectly subtle look of abject horror with the tiniest bit of rage that Mads gives in that scene alone should have earned him every award ever.
Still too soon........
Yep, absolutely.  I just wish they hadn't used it because it ruined the 10th doctor for me in the tiniest of ways.
Yeah, Reynolds is basically Wade Wilson in that movie.  He's the reason it's watchable.
Yeah, that's something that is easy to take for granted.  I can't even imagine being that well known.
Loved that movie.  Reynolds is extremely underrated.
Yeah, that seems off.  I hope it's wrong.  I really, really do.
That's pretty much what I think they're hinting at.  A major plot point introduced in the books, but not fully explored, is Hannibal running off with Clarice.
So, you want a place *more* conservative than and *less* socialist than the United States?  Uhm.  Good luck.
I'm pretty sure at this point he's just "Rumored to be in talks", which has pretty much been the state of the entire movie adaptation for over a decade.  I *really hope* he ends up getting cast, and the movie actually gets made...but I'm not holding my breath at this point.  Mostly I just can't believe they can't get the stupid thing off the ground.  They don't *need* to plan out a four movie, three television series thing ahead of time.  The first book (aside from a flashback sequences, which admittedly would be relatively complicated...especially Gillead) has 3 characters, and is about said three characters walking across a desert.  It's not rocket science.  Get that thing made for relatively minimal budget, see how it does, then do the bigger (much more expansive, much more expensive) story.
Yeah, I saw her taking that line and I laughed.  She wants to position herself to be seen like Obama, even to go so far as to say "Hey, look!  I'm also for the things people dislike about him!".   She can't deny her record regarding the financial industry, so she's leaning into it, hoping the "Obama did it, too...why are you saying mean things about the President" line will work.  It won't.
Like I said, I can and do respect many conservatives.  Palin, and those that support her, are a different story.  I'm not required to be tolerant or respectful of intolerant imbeciles that I believe are damaging our society.
Really enjoyed the premiere.  Love this show to bits.
Fox also lets the Simpsons shit all over them whenever.  I think they can occasionally recognize when it's cool to take a step back and let people do their thing.
I liked it.  Ran for a good long time.  Duchovny is fantastic in it.    And yeah.  She's one of the best parts of Hannibal, and that's saying pretty much everything.
I'll say the same thing I say to everyone.  Watch Hannibal.  Everyone should watch Hannibal.
I love that they have Wade as a weirdo before the experiments.
I hope he beats this fucking thing. Get well, John.
