oh, an atonal degenerate noise fan who is also a satanist.  what a living cliché...
ah, the marvels of tonal music :)
true, it's all noise - who cares? :)
early music to me is music played in dry turtle shells
is it more obnoxious than "singers" talking in the same monotone rhythmic pattern?  that said, I truly don't care for vocal music much, even the ones where the singer is used more like a musical instrument and less like a criminal thug.
the Rossini one still sounds great, but 1812 is truly terrible... the best part of it was La Marseillaise and the worst the cannons.
fiction is better than reality.  Amadeus is a great movie precisely for this.  It's not a documentary on the life of Mozart, but a reflection on the worth of art, on mythmaking and on the dicotomy between art and mere craft.
only those who dare have a chance to disappoint.  by far one of the most impressive games this generation.  Like Driveclub, most glaring bugs on launch have been corrected.
humans don't find agreement even within the same race and same blood
laughable but probably has more gameplay than TO :(
how niche can one go?  classical music for chiptune fans LOL  this sounds like very primitive NES.  I prefer the beethoven pathetique that sounds like Journey to Silius NES :)
I agree!
a very bare bones canon.  no, I wouldn't call Chopin junk either.  There's far more even in the most straight and simple Chopin than mere melody and accompaniment, such as long fiorituras ("solos" in pop parlance), dramatic cadences and dynamic expression than in most pop.  so it has nothing to do with homophony vs polyphony.  I chose the fugue just as example.
what is it with many orchestras today playing stand up and almost dancing?  is this to attract headbangers?  I suggest dropping the suits, then...
not that much into jazz, but yeah, love his playing.
that's the videogame approach.  I think it might help as much as youtube videos up to some level.  most people find it hard traditional notation.  It is not.  It is quite easier knowing which notes to play from notation than from watching a video of someone playing.  "Oh, what was the key that he played again?  *goes back to watch again*".  In the staff they're pristine clear.  The hard part is not *reading* the notes, it is playing them.  YT videos may help reproducing the exact same movements some piano played did, but by merely mimicking it'll not become clear why they did so.  That is the domain of technique and you can never learn that by watching, but by doing.  You discover them yourself as you play didatic material...
definitely better than antique atonal merde
he's about as lousy a pianist as Glass and about as repetitive  the italians are always fond of pure melodic beauty, not ever crazier harmonic progressions
no racism.  Just stating the very obvious fact that many people view piano playing as some kind of athletic competition with no regards to music whatsoever.  This horrific bland noise we can blame on Cziffra, an european.  and yes, it's also a fact that chinese athletes are among the best.  The Olympic games are almost upon us and they shall prove that again
I'll have to agree that Glass is a more original musician than Einaudi.  I'll have to disagree on pursueing beauty or aesthetical pleasure as something bad.  It seems post-industrial society has created masses of gluttons for punishment and pain, but luckly I'm not of them.
guess he's been drinking too much of the atonal kool-aid
yes, full of illiterate emo assholes
all is vanity
of perhaps the vanilla PS4 will look worse and have lower fps rate
too cold-hearted for such warm singing :)
no so fast, please.  I love Gould's perfectly articulated phrasings, clear voicings and steady tempo that is just right
so all unemployed composers should thank Ludwig for that? ;)
I'm more worried about the comparison of a true musical genius to a junkie that had a 3-chord band
I liked the Marx Brothers playing the piano stride style :)
I prefer the idea of shrinking and sending them microastronauts into microcapsules accelerated almost to light speed by several million people back on Earth pointing their laser pens far into the same point far back in space
yeah, it makes you think people would just riot and stop the lame pre-order practice, but alas, no.  People keep giving away money for products months or years away that may or may not see the light of day or be any good whatsoever...  go figure
&gt; how so many, educated and intelligent people are unable to spot a troll?  most autists don't perceive sarcasm and other subtle forms of humor
I hear no tonalism, just loose phrasings that sound slightly diatonic-like.  Twelve tones contains the whole of diatonic scales, and among the many dissonant chords, even the typical tonal chords...  but it serves nothing if the music does no statement whatsoever, and doesn't build tonal tension by logical modulation and just keeps repeating itself over and over...
very bright arguments, hands down.  unfortunately, it was kinda over orchestrated as people here want to listen to these musical colossi through miniature resonance boxes...
then he's just a truly lousy tonal composer.  Way too much time listening to birds rather than Beethoven.
wow, two pop tunes in a row from a true music connoisseur, huh?  go play your sketchy blues noodles
yes, I liked that a lot.  Then again, I thought the whole engine was a revamped WD engine.
fuck this american idea of ivory towers or pedestals - this whole every man is equal thing.  That fucked up mess of a human being didn't even compose the poor 3-chord rocks his band was known for, so don't tell me I'm on a pedestal because some internets dumbass is comparing that to one of the greatest musical genius ever.
I got the same vibe, yes.
what is even the point of trophies in such games?  I like it that the fine folks behind The Vanishing of Ethan Carter have really spoiled it for freak platinum trophy hunters :)
&gt; I find Stockhausen very emotional in its own way, it seems both impulsive and yet terribly persistent... I also love Tchaikovsky's 6th symphony, and Mozart's piano concertos.   no, you don't.  there's no such thing as finding noise beautiful or "emotional" and then in the same sentence also displaying love for some of musical art highest highlights.  I do have a small fondness for the rock hits I, as every teenager, was submitted to.  I don't however lie to myself that they are on the same level of intelectual, technical and emotional scope as music from the ancients.  There's nothing wrong having some guilty pleasure with mediocre stuff.  Just don't overstate it...  now, this discussion has gone too far.  Messiaen's music and his original and logical methods don't annoy me quite as much as the dissonance for dissonance guys...
yeah, they don't have any fun with games.  They're like employees of the month for the game at hand LOL
you hate Mozart and love Haydn?  do you actually hear any difference or you just enjoy having a different opinion for the sake of being different? :D
&gt; Schumann has never once put into writing any form of human emotion!  wtf, dude?  are you just plain crazy?  Schumann and Chopin are the very essence of Romanticism in music.
beautiful.  Though the beginning simple figured bass will draw comparisons to Pachelbel's canon in D.  Makes about as much sense as putting all boogie-woogie in the same bag, but hey...  whoa, that singer goes kinda crazy in the last 2 minute... never heard that kind of vibrato...
I don't get them either.  I very much prefer point'n'click puzzler adventures or text adventures.
show off and is real lamey
they're all dead already, but I'd gladly blast away the atonal corpse of Schoenberg should it come to rise from the grave
so you associate them with hard studying classes, not leisure.  I'm pretty sure I've heard more Mozart than you and never tire...
love Beethoven and love to hate Schoenberg and his minions
