Gonna be Kako or Aoba.
All I can hope is that they stay with the organization in some way (maybe a scout? team ambassador? idk) and if we do win a cup we can engrave their names on the cup. As a player, I think it will be a while before our young players step up to be great players, and Sedins will be retired, or gone back to Sweden to play for Modo.
Needs more Iroha
so beautiful!
Im not Catholic, but this pope just seems like a respectable, likeable individual.
Long term: Solid second liner (as much as i love him I don't think he will be an offensive superstar and he is defensively solid so second line will be perfect imo)  next year: get some more ice time, score few more points, hopefully beat the sophomore slump
I'd personally get getzlaf, JVR, OK,  OEL, Holtby and Varly. Holding onto dubnyk based on half a season might be too risky. And I'd save your stacked dmen and focus on drafting forwards.
idk, he scored 13 goals and had 12 assists as a rookie. If he doesn't go through a sophomore slump, I think 20/20 would be a good bar to set for him. I'd be extremely happy if he scores as much as how much Bonino scored this year + his defence improves even more.
very true. He seemed like he knew what was going on by the latter half of the season, and just played phenomenally as a rookie in the playoffs. If we can see the Bo of second half of the season next year, scoring 40 points won't be hard I think.
Do I still have to put my credit number on the website? :(
And by mid 2000s the popularity was at an all time high I think. Way bigger than lol in korea now
I HOPE UTICA COMES BACK IN THE SERIES TO MAKE THINGS MORE INTERESTING. HOWEVER, MANCHESTER IS A GREAT TEAM AND I HOPE BOTH TEAMS DO WELL.  SAME FOR CHICAGO AND TAMPA. I HOPE THE PLAYERS GIVE IT THEIR ALL AND HAVE AN AMAZING SERIES. GO HOCKEY!
Toronto most likely.  ~~My random pick that might is Calgary though. I think they have so much cap space available they might make some moves to get better while some others try to make room~~   edit:jk
what the hell was that. I cant remember exactly but I think they did something like this against US too. Just didn't result in a goal. That's a dumb mistake to make after playing defensively sound for 35 minutes or so
It reminds me of the 2010 world cup game between us and argentina during a group match. We managed to stop Messi pretty well, but then we got shit on by other players like Tevez and Higuain.
idk about that. First it is a different match and second I think Korea was playing really well defensively until that stupid first goal, then the team just went completely flat. I honestly think US would play better than Brazil if they played Brazil.
I thought if you got pushed, you fall away from the person who pushed you, and not to the direction towards them. Soccer defying all physics.
JaeDong for Korean manager please
true, but I believe in Benning enough not to do any favours just because theyre friends. If he ever did he'd lose all credibility and lose my trust.
It would obviously be thrilling to watch Benn play for our team... but at the end Dallas would have matched it no matter what. If they didn't, due to CBA rules we would have most likely had to pay Dallas an arm and a leg.
Theres no way they will be hesitant when they retire both 22 and 33. They were drafted together, they played together, they had their best playing days together, and most likely they will retire together which means we should retire their numbers together. Just as you said, they are the best players to wear our Nucks jersey. I don't doubt we will retire their numbers within a year of their retirement. Naslund retired in 09 in the NHL, (Played at modo in 2010) we retired his number in 2010. I don't see why we wouldn't do the same for the Sedins.
About freaking time we get a penalty kick call.   That call was weak as hell though. Shoulda called the earlier one and this shouldn't have been a call.
not really a dive, but not really a penalty call either.
I really dont think both of them were dives... They both tripped up on their own.
Jesus this game is so much more interesting than the match against Brazil.
idk, the UAE game just recently and the Asian Cup wasn't that bad.
Tripping over a ball is a yellow now?
for fucks sake. Soccer match is supposed to be played for full 90 minutes. Extremely disappointing.
I really loved the anime Nourin.
Sorry, but I really don't think Hodgson would fetch anything with the contract he has now.
Haha, I really hope it clears up by the time I get there, or at least by the time I get back to Canada.
I can only say that we most likely won't win one in the next 5 years or so.
I think it is just originated from the fact that the country used to be so poor(50s-80s), and people thought that only way to be successful in this country was to be able to attend school,  and be smart enough to get into university and find a solid job. I just think students being driven to achieve success (where going to bad university is failure)is just simply embedded in our culture.   I personally don't think it will collapse on itself, or at least not within reasonable future. However it will definitely be interesting to see how things go.
that second place team really bothers me.
&gt;themselves are uneducated  I don't know if I could agree with that. I understand where you're coming from, but many of these mothers (probably looking at mothers born sometime between 1965~1975 if we consider the kids age to be teenagers now) were attending high school around the 80s and many in this generation also went on to attend universities too. In the 80s, the country was already in a better position than when it was the 60s~70s that most people were able to attend upto high school. This is more than enough education to consider themselves not "uneducated" in my opinion.  Other than that fact, I agree with the latter part.
Do or die for both sides! I expect this match to be extremely exciting.  Best of luck for Spain, and go Korea!
Although I mostly agree with this, I doubt the KFA will spend more money on coaching position to get a foreign manager.
[Love the artist so I randomly started searching for the artists works and found this.](http://i.imgur.com/qlHfxA5.jpg)  Idk if this has been posted before but I think it's friggin adorable.
Anything can happen in the knockout stage obviously but I just don't see us beating you guys unless if some kind of magical upset happens.
Tbh I'm not sure. Maybe he was secretly a lolicon at the time, and the older him made a loli robot so maybe he just likes lolis.
Other than all the extremely ecchi stuff, it's quite comedic.
I dont think major tv networks didn't buy the broadcasting rights for this world cup, but don't quote me on it.
Didn't really care if we won or lost - us getting here in my eyes is a successful run. It does hurt to see that they let in 2 goals in first 10 mins or so... because it really looks like theyve settled down a bit, but being down 2-0 already is going to hurt a lot.
Good. Brazil and their diving tactics are a disgrace.
Tbh, I think the art quality wasn't that bad for the show considering diomedia at the time was doing so many shows at the same time.  They did world break at the same time which animation wise was an absolute disaster, fafnir which was meh, and that show about magical boys which I have no idea about.  I think it showed that diomedia was focusing on kancolle at the time, but some quality failures were bound to happen
Benning is worst GM ever (especially after Sbisa re-signing)
If someone told me Dubnyk would top the top 30 UFA list last year, I would have laughed my ass off.
Maybe the general consensus with mixed race kids will be completely different when she's old enough to go to school.
I woulda preferred Benn or even fucking Perry...  edit: Just realized they have 3 covers together from 2010-2015, they won the same number of cups. Coincidence? I think not.
I wouldn't mind seeing Doughty on the cover.
