Maybe Canadians just hate Kevin Love
He wasnt that bad. Hes still a Dalton line qb
Shit youre onto something. I hope LeSean doesnt demand a trade because of this
Those special classes or hot yoga in general? Hot yoga is actually a great way to lose weight
That would be wicked if their was a pitcher that was equally skilled with both arms. Realistically if said pitcher wanted to, they could pitch 2x as many games as anyother pitcher and pitch twice a week. Tommy John on left arm? Just pitches with his right. If he was good with both, lets say Mark Buehrle level, he might get the biggest contract for a pitcher
They hate the Bruins to so it just doesnt make sense to support a Boston team
hmmm, Im Canadian and its one of our top sports. Im sure Lithuanians, Argentinians, Venezualans, Brazilians,  Spaniards, Australians, Chinese, Philipinoes, and Greeks would disagree with you. Unless you dont count our contries as world nations...
Damn, I hope they bring back Wrestlemania to the SkyDome
Id argue this Cavs team without LBJ is worst than this years Heat team. This is almost the same Cavs team as last year that had a shitty record then Lebron came in. The Heat just barely made the playoffs and showing they had a competitive team after having discover Whiteside
I was thinking probably Amir Johnson but I think youre right on this one
Yes. The Spurs got eliminated in the 1st round this year and one can only expect regression from the Spurs. The Spurs are still the better team, short term, no ones arguing that but they play in the west. Put him on the Celtics with tons of upside and draft picks Id say even in the short term the Celtics can easily become a middle seed in the East. Who would you say has a better chance of winning, Spurs with LMA vs any top 6 team in the west or Boston with LMA vs teams like the Raptors, Bucks, Brooklyn, Wizards. I think Boston is better for the future but I also think they have a better chance making a long playoff run in the short term against the shitty teams in the East
Magic Mike's Jays talk is the best
Id say so. OP makes lame jokes
Bautista: "That shit does magic for me"
Chris also extends his hit streak to 17 games. Dudes a beast at the plate. Scares the shit out of me when the balls hit to him tho but when youre hitting like him you keep him in the lineup
It looks like theres some good chemistry. Something that struck me was Martin and Navarro celebrating together at the end. I thought Navarro was pissed at the whole situation and himself getting replaced but it looks like hes at least cool with Martin
Id say Sammy Watkins so the person that would replace him is still in school.   If you want to split it into defense, Mario Williams and later replaced by Marcel Dareus
Or Moustakas over JD
To be fair a major reason GS is so good defensively is because of their offense. Scoring efficiently allows them to set their defense in transition. Its one of the main reason the hack-a-whoever strategy doesnt work. Any sort of stoppage whether it be through free throws or in bounding after a made basket is beneficial for the team on defense (the one that just scored or shot ft's) by not allowing more effective transition scoring
Thats what winning does
I put down JD, Martin, Bautista, and Reyes. I hope people dont pick players just because of their team. Lets get the guys in that deserve to play
I think its a little more difficult considering the elevated injury risk in hockey
The Jays rotation has been on fire the last month tho. We are out of that contention now
What? The Packers are one of the most successful teams in the nfl. Im good with trash talk but that claim is totally invalid
Pippen tho...  Pippen alone is a top 35 player of all time
I like to think of them as the black guy assistant in the Longest Yard who gets killed
I was thinking Ron Hextall
This whole thing is so stupid. People are calling it a travesty of censorship and freedom of speech but the whole thing is hate speech. Good they got banned. Theres an extent to freedom of speech. Political freedom? Sure. Spreading resentment and hate and marginalizing groups in society? No
But it sounds like the commentators said they were calling it outside most of the series. This is the thing baseball fans tend to forget. Umpires follow the general rules of where a strikezone should be but tend to have their own frame and hitters should adjust. As long as he was being consistent with *his* strikezone I see nothing wrong. People get to complacent with the pitch tracker
I prefer Tom 'sits when he pees Ugg wearin cheating bitch' Brady
Theyll go elsewhere. Its just short term retaliation. These hateful bigots will go to some other site that allows their bully type congregations
Its not Braves fans that are downvoting you only. Its people with common sense and logic that arent wearing homer goggles to see in no way was it intentional. Its a dumb opinion to have is where the downvotes are coming from
Also he was doing extreme physical exercise wearing compression shorts. Shrinkage is expected
Ill give him some slack, this is the first time hes pitched meaningful baseball in like a month
Dont we have the technology to make lighter and smaller cameras? That way camermen can brace any impact with players and not impale them with a giant camera
Thats something the Eagles Internet Defense Force would say...
You guys are the best team in New York!
Who would own cows tho?  There arent many people that own cows for the hell of it and there arent many that live in the wild
When do we just change the background and name of the sub to a Blue Jays theme?
Likewise with other countries. I want to see the best of the best. I want to see Votto and Martin, Bautista and EE, Darvish and Tanaka. It would be a legendary tournament. Obviously the US would probably win it but the battle for silver and bronze would be exciting.   Edit: If its in 2020 there will obviously be some change but the point still stands
The US doesnt dominate them. Ill favor the US heavily but Spain is still competitive enough to create some competition where as that would exist in football. Spain's frontcourt dominance which is seen to anybody that actually watches olympic basketball gives them an edge to at least put up a fight which historically proven they do
Hes clearly just a tree enthusiast
secret motivation confirmed
I felt like the picture wasnt as crisp either.
Ya, those Bulls were scrubs without MJ. Its not like a team with Pippen alone could win 55 games...
Kyle and Mario are getting older. Id go with the younger guys.
Max to the Lakers
or what did Lin ever do to the Lakers coaching staff is the better question
Our offenses certainly help but we do gotta keep in mind that as a division we have the most hitter friendly parks
No one in Toronto gives a shit about the cfl.
