You'd think they have Internet or something.
I don't think you realize how much trains cost to run. MARC has been operating at a huge loss for years, which is why they started charging surcharges for WV users since they weren't even getting tax money from those riders. Now the tax money they do get from Marylanders isn't cutting it, so yeah, fare increase. At least it's not Metro which jacks it up every year for continuously shitty service. I've always found MARC to be pretty decent and the only issues I've ever had with them are really CSX's fault.
&gt;I'm pretty sure Netflix will lose a big portion of it's subscribers if they do put ads in.   This sounds familiar. Remember when they wanted to charge double if you wanted streaming *and* DVDs? They had call centers set up specifically *for* cancellation and weren't even trying to retain customers. Everyone canceled in droves and they *did not care.* They're still successful. They still will be if they put ads in too.
Dickie's wasn't bad for being a chain.
&gt;The landlord   CBRE, the monarchs of Clarendon. They're the devil. They don't even fix shit when it breaks.
/r/politics is full of people who have no prospects and no jobs because they're the typical Redditor - a neck beard who likes cats and has zero marketable skills and probably zero social skills. They complain because they just lack the impetus to get out there and invest the effort to get a good job or a good education…they would rather be lazy and are jealous of those of us who are successful.  TL;DR don't listen to them. I feel like they represent a very small portion of liberals, which is why they're all touting Bernie Sanders and Hilary will still, unfortunately, win the primaries by a landslide.
For cutting funding from an organization that overpays employees who do very little. Yeah, fuck fiscal responsibility.
&gt; Decreasing funding for any product usually improves quality and responsiveness.  It should. Fix your shit, or get cut again until you've got nothing left. If you want money, do it right.
&gt;Perfect, this will definitely help us stop all those metro fires and metro doors opening while trains are in service.   No, what will help that is not hiring exclusively out of PG and/or the area jails.
I'm not going to go hunting for the article, but there was a WaPo article a while back that showed with overtime pay, a lot of these operators were getting around $80,000. That's upper-middle pay for a desk job in this area. An industrial job where you push a lever, open and close doors, and mumble station names doesn't warrant the same amount of pay and yes, only deserves maybe in the neighborhood of $40,000.  I wouldn't mind it so much if they weren't such insufferable people. I've yet to meet a pleasant Metro employee besides the cheery guy on the Orange Line who actually enunciates. The rest of them mumble into the speaker, and most of the station managers give you attitude whenever you ask them to do anything that involves getting up out of the chair.
Let's assume that someone rides *just* minimum fare (your average 'poor' you're martyring probably goes a bit farther than that) every day of the month (I'll include weekends because some people also use Metro for recreational functions). That's $2.10x2x20 for rush on workdays and $1.75x2x10 for the rest = about $119/month *at minimum.*  My car lease is $99, my insurance is $50, and gas is about $50 a month too for a total of $200. Not only is that not much more than the above calculations, but also your average Metro rider probably has their transit subsidized OR is spending at least $200/month because they're going farther than the minimum fare I generously used in my example.  I'm not saying everyone should get a car, but I'm not going to have some hippie tell me that getting a vehicle is too expensive. It's fucking cheap if you're not an idiot.
&gt;No. It would require ~~infrastructure spending, which would require taxes or outside investment~~ the Board of Supervisors to not be fucking corrupt. Good luck with that.  FTFY
&gt; FWIW I wouldn't mind [...] higher taxes  I would. My Cox is fine. I shouldn't be paying higher taxes so other people can get what they want.
&gt;For a lot of people, $80 extra is a *lot* of money.  Well, don't work for McDonalds.  &gt;what do you think is going to happen to the already ridiculously congested traffic in DC?  Considering the people we are talking about are the people who work retail or food service, they don't work your typical 9-5 and therefore won't experience rush hour.  &gt;don't try and dismiss me as "some hippie"  Anyone who sits here and whines about how poor people will be affected is a hippie. Poor people are poor by their own volition. If they dislike the consequences that come with that, maybe they should have paid attention in school/stayed away from drugs/stayed away from gambling/or the opposite of the 900 *choices* people make that make them poor.
It's more likely that a Walmart employee typed the wrong amount on the label printer. It's probably $9.98 and the 9 button got stuck, and they didn't catch it while labeling 500 games.
All of PA is an armpit.
Anybody with your credit card number can do that. Most just don't because they have this thing called "business ethics," which Uber seems to lack.  I drove for Uber for 2 weeks before I realized the whole thing was a set up. That $1 million of insurance they claim is on every ride? The insured name is Rasier LLC, a shell company owned by Uber which has no assets and isn't regsitered to do business in anywhere but Delaware (which to their credit, a lot of businesses do that). But the point is, only this LLC is insured, not you. And if someone tries to sue the LLC for damages, the judgment will be worthless because there are no assets to liquidate. It's all evil genius and only borderline legal.
&gt; I don't send food back ever (even completely wrong orders, I just eat it)  Way off topic...I get the whole "customer isn't always right" ideology but I mean if you ordered something you should probably get what you asked for...there's nothing wrong with asking for the right food. If you berate the waiter and expect a free meal that's when you're crossing lines.
I think part of this is attributed to the fact that there are multiple ways to get somewhere, and people will get bitchy if you don't take the quickest way. From DC to Tysons Corner, VA, you can take either I-66 or the GW Parkway. Around here, when they say "how do you get there" that's usually just their broken English way of asking the preference because if they assume and are wrong, you'll make a stink about them longhauling you or something (different times of day, these roads have different traffic patterns).  That said, what irritates the shit out of me is the app is almost always wrong about my location on the pin (Even though my blue dot is generally correct so I know my phone knows where I am); so I have to call and give the driver the new cross-street and they get confused, even in a city where east-west is numbers and north-south is letters. What Uber needs is people who are familiar with the city somewhat WITHOUT the GPS.
Here's the thing. Uber had to try hard to be great to get the people on their side because they were new. They got the people to fight for their great service in the districts in which it was being challenged by taxi unions. Now Uber is preferential to most cabs and the cabs are losing business...Uber has won. They don't need the people anymore. They've now outsourced their support and will treat you like shit, because they're cheaper and even with shit support still better than a cab, so they know you'll still use them. The only people they can lose to is Lyft which kinda sucks because you have to tip.
Yea, the taxi service won't charge a cleaning fee, because the taxi already smells like halal food and has an incompetent driver at a much higher fee who is generally unprofessional and yapping in another language on his Bluetooth the whole time.  Uber might have shitty customer service but compared to any of these worthless unionized cabbies, I'll still use Uber.
Taxi drivers in my city are smelly, unprofessional, more expensive, and loudly chatter on their cell phones. I'd rather use Uber.
I feel like if a driver does it often, he'd be called into question. If it's infrequent, they probably side with the driver.
There are numerous companies that got big and popular for great customer service and business ethics and have stayed that way to this day. Chick-fil-A, Harris Teeter, Apple (at least at the retail level), Navy Federal Credit Union, the list goes on. They're successful and keep gaining customers because they treat people right and own up to their fuckups when they happen because hey, we're all human. Meanwhile, Wells Fargo, Dell, McDonalds, etc. are starting to hurt a little and lose customers because they treat people like shit, have bad customer service, etc. - only a little, because people are still willing to pay less for shit service, but at least in my area (DC), there's a shift and people are willing to pay more for better service and the shitty businesses are starting to close up shop.
And they talked themselves out of thousands of dollars in fares. That's fine with me.
Not really significant - there's rarely anyone using the cash lanes because everyone has an EZPass - but it would have been nice to just blast through rather than having to stop at all.
I find that hard to believe since you neglected to actually disprove any of the statements, nor do you have any documentation. If I felt like arguing with a typical argumentative Reddit basement dweller, I'd dig through my email and find the insurance paperwork from James River and the LLC filing in my state for Rasier to show you. And LLCs were created for the sole purpose of not being able to be sued for anything besides their assets. You clearly know nothing about business administration or the law, and this will be the end of our interaction until you get higher than a fourth grade education. Good night.
&gt; ARLINGTON IS A BULLSHIT CULTURELESS HELLHOLE OF COPORATE FUCKHEAD DOUCHE PREPS.  We prefer "people who have jobs and prospects in life and don't smoke weed all day"
They're raising cigarette taxes. Good. It's a sin tax. I don't care *who* buys cigarettes, low-income or not. You shouldn't be buying them at all, so if the state wants to drive extra revenue by punishing those who purchase them, go for it.
If they weren't successful, they wouldn't have money to be running ads.
No. She'll win. She's 40 and some change points ahead and the average American voter is an idiot. Bernie stands no chance, and anyone who thinks otherwise is delusional.  Not pro-Hillary, but I am pro-realistic expectations.
No. "Average American" = "Idiot." Can't you read? Oh. You must be one of them.
No, it's the classic "I clearly stated what I said and you missed it with your illiteracy, so you must be an idiot" argument.
&gt;we're questioning you   &gt;...   &gt;which is why /u/hayclaylaybaymaysay and I questioned your logic.  I didn't see you question anything. All you did was make a sarcastic remark. Questions typically have a question mark at the end and actually make an inquiry, rather than a snide remark about how "classic" my argument is. You gave a condescending comment, so you got a condescending comment back. Remember that, in the future. This will be the one and only time I'll give you a pass and we'll just assume you asked a question rationally.  &gt;you provide no clear reason why they're idiots  They're impressionable and will vote exactly how the media tells them. Fox News is rooting for Jeb and MSNBC is rooting for Hillary. The impressionable people who watch these channels (most of America) will vote based on how those channels spin the campaigns/focus on a particular candidate. Neither Rand nor Bernie stand a chance simply because of the lack of mass media coverage they get off of Reddit, and the RCP polls show it. Reddit's intellectuals have spent the last two weeks accurately outlining why Hillary is a terrible candidate and how the Clintons are corrupt - and yet, she's still leading by a landslide. Nancy Grace broke the Casey Anthony story and everyone hated her and determined she was guilty from their living rooms (and rioted when she a jury found the opposite) *because the TV said so.*  Zimmerman shot Trayvon and the former was automatically guilty *because TV said so,* the Baltimore cops are all guilty *because TV said so* (despite prosecutorial misconduct which no main channel is reporting) and so on and so forth. Every day, impressionable Americans - even those who are college-educated and upper-middle-class - make decisions about politics and criminal justice based solely on information they are given by an *organization that exists solely to twist information for favorable ratings.* And those people elect your president every year.  Furthermore, minorities will vote within their own ranks: how many people do you think voted for Obama simply because they wanted a black President and Cain was too crazy? The same will happen for Hillary because they want a woman in office and Fiorina's too crazy. I met a girl last week at the Congressional baseball game who was chanting about how she was ready for Hillary. I asked her why she liked Hillary so much, and her answer was that she just hated Republicans and Hillary was a woman. She knew nothing of Hillary's policies, history or background. Just that she had a vagina and (D) next to her name. Not too long ago at work another girl at work was all pro-Hillary and I asked her why she was set on Clinton -- she, too, hated Republians, and "Hillary's the only Democrat running." This was well after Bernie's announcement.  I'm sure you'll tell me that these people aren't representative of 300 million voters, but here's the thing: they are. They're a microcosm of our society which is largely low-income, under-educated and easily pushed around by the mass media and which candidate has the most money to spend on ads. They aren't on Reddit and they don't subscribe to any think tanks. Reddit is, by comparison, a very small community of people who rally behind Bernie and an even smaller number of our own members here are actually intelligent enough to comprehend his positions and how they will affect the country, while the other 70% or so just join the hivemind because the upvotes said so.  None of the other candidates stand a chance and the general will be a Bush v. Clinton showdown simply because of their funding and media coverage. Optimism is overrated and stupid. Anyone actually wasting their resources donating time and money to the other campaigns thinking that they have a prayer of being successful is simply delusional and all of that time and money will go up in smoke in a few short months.  TL;DR Be realistic. Realize you live in a country mostly inhabited by stupid people. And don't be sassy if you want people to engage you in civil discourse.
They'll appeal it and bribe their way out for either no fine at all or a significantly reduced one. If they bribe someone with 1% of this amount, they can get out of it for way cheaper than the full deal.
It's a shame the Washington Times is so fucking polluted with ads and dumb shit that I can't read the only voice of reason in this city. I much prefer it on my doorstep. Their website is ass.
Red line, hour delay   Blue line, 12 minute wait   Silver line, who lives that far   Orange line's where I left my car  Yellow line, totally boned   Green line, guy stole my phone   Metrobus is a piece of crap   MetroAccess, eh not handicapped    WMATA those fucking whores   *I can't take it anymore*
Honorable enough to not hit a woman. Furthermore, if I wanted your opinion on my girlfriend's family history, I would've asked you.
You have a lot of faith in the system. It's almost like you think it works.  Edit: Sorry for triple post. Appears my work Internet farted.
If choosing not to hit someone because of their gender is sexist, then I'm as sexist as they come. Some of us still have values. Clearly, you do not.
You weren't there. You're passing judgment on a scenario you know nothing about other than a very brief summary via an Internet forum. It's easy to look back on it and talk shit, but in the moment, I'd love to see how you'd react since apparently, you're a superhuman king of all things moral and can instantly snap into action when faced with a difficult decision.
I still don't recall asking for your opinion. It's not your life to interfere with. If you're so motivated by this issue, get your MSW and find work in the field.
&gt;You're no longer restricted to parts of Capitol Hill and NW to live in.  You never were restricted, you were just smart. I still won't live in SE until the news stops reporting a murder every other day.
No, I posted a corroboration of my parent post's point. I didn't invite you to offer your opinions when you have no life experience, certainly weren't there, nor any credentials that make you an expert on the matter.  You're right, I don't get to decide who speaks. But it's called respect, and clearly, you have none - this is why you're unsuccessful and on Reddit in the middle of the day.
I've seen some sketchy figures in Eastern Market too. And let's be honest, there's more crooks on the Hill than there are east of the Anacostia.
I know we're all about empathy, but I'm just jaded now. I will straight up tell them it was in the agreement you signed. "I didn't read that," well you should, it was legally binding.
&gt;...and you're not on reddit in the middle of the day?  I was on lunch. I'm now in between meetings waiting for a 4 pm to start.  &gt;You defend outdated "values" as if they're something to be proud of.  Non-violence, yeah, how deplorable of me.  &gt;I'm replying to your comments while waiting for my test cases to finish running.  A software tester! Thanks for verifying that you're a neckbeard loser, as if your wildly liberal outlook wasn't enough information.  &gt;yet you think you're somehow better than me.  I don't chime in on people's familial problems and judge them based on it. That definitely makes me better than you. Certainly more respectful of others.  &gt;HAHAHAHAHAHA and you think Ted Cruz and Mark Rubio are the only viable options  ...no I don't. Link me to where I said that. Ted Cruz is a crazy Bible-thumper. I align with Rubio, but he doesn't stand a chance. Sorry, some of us think you should work for what you earn.
&gt; on the article "Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio give evangelical conservatives viable 2016 options."  I commented that their website was a piece of shit. Not that I agreed with them.  &gt;You're a joke.  I make more money than you, have a better job than you and have a more loving family than you. I've got it made; I won't lose any sleep based on what a loser Reddit SJW thinks.
&gt;And you still think that, as a college grad, you having a higher paying job than a current student in an internship is impressive?  I have a higher paying job than probably your parents combined and certainly highest in my graduating class.  Here's what you don't seem to understand: Respect isn't something you *have* to earn. It's something *everyone* deserves. It's called having values, and like I said earlier, you appear to have none: and for someone who thinks that our generation is too young to warrant respect because we haven't "done shit," you sure like to get on your soap box and spout your wisdom from your life when you can't even pay a bill with your own money yet.  The sooner you realize that you should be respectful of everyone by default, the sooner you might become successful in life. Until then, I guess it's good you're in training to be a code monkey - you'll make decent money by being a social pariah until they offshore your job to India.
&gt;Again, you know nothing about me, my ambition, or my career path.  But I do know a lot about how you conduct yourself from this conversation, and I can see that you lack professionalism and tact. Most jobs, unless you work for some hippie startup in San Francisco, are still an old boys club, and if you want to succeed, you toe the line and still treat people with good, old-fashioned, 1960s respect. The workforce, at least in DC, hasn't much changed from how it's portrayed in Mad Men. Get used to it, or get used to $30K at a startup incubator.
