We absolutely need a new commander rules committee. It seems like every time this group does anything to change the rules they just make things worse. It's complete BS and there's no accountability for them. NOBODY I've ever heard complained about fetches. Also hasn't wizards them self said they're unhappy with how the color identity rules work and want them to be less restrictive?
It makes the new colorless lands a lot better in commander when they're already pretty amazing at least.
Why? It affects the whole table and thus in many cases benefits everyone whenever anyone plays it out. I don't feel like it's really unfair in any way. It's a colorless land that enables your lands to tap for colored mana as well as all your opponents, even better for opponents that are actually playing black.
I hate that people buy and ruin uncut sheets like this D:
Welcome to how Bungie handles p2p matchmaking and calculating damage etc. It's been like this since Halo 3 and it's bullshit. You'd think that by now we wouldn't have to deal with their "solutions" to even the playing field between people with different connections but no. I guess if it ain't broke don't fix it? And as far as Bungie cares it isn't broken I suppose...
I'm going to guess it's a new player from Christmas
I can't imagine how pissed off anyone with completed bounties just waiting for today to turn them in is right now. Managed to hit 5 yesterday on all my characters so I'm able to just sit back and relax. While I think Bungie SHOULD extend IB I can see it being tricky and them not doing it. Not sure if it causes issues if the event doesn't end at a weekly reset or not. That said who knows how long it will take for PSN to be back up with their track record...
I'm legitimately annoyed that the planeswalkers win. Ob Nixilis just needed to release Ulamong, call Kozilek and planeswalk away. Now he sits around and gets caught AND the Eldrazi get defeated? We could have had a great set with the Planeswalkers getting wrecked and it ends as they have to planeswalk away right as the Eldrazi completely destroy Zendikar and move on to another plane. Then we could have a solemn and dark SOI set as they try to rebuild and prepare for the next fight.  I'm betting Wizards just didn't want to destroy such a beloved plane as Zendikar to the point where it couldn't be returned to again.
It looks like Jace is smiling too to me.
It's also amazing for making you better at sniping. Play a few days with nothing but NLB in crucible then switch to a "good" secondary sniper like a nice 1000y stare and you'll wreck people with how much smoother it is to use.
Just saying this is incredibly dumb that this happens. FoH, Nova bomb and shadowshot all do this but it should not be a thing imo.
I'm equally impressed by not only the no-scope but also the fact that you hit the Titan RIGHT as he activated his super but before he had the increased armor from it somehow. Otherwise you wouldn't have 1shot him with NLB's stupid crit formula.
The real issue is Wizard's policy on Modern. They don't want anything too unfun / uninteractive or that wins too fast consistently. Any time something becomes too good they feel it has to be killed. Rather than things becoming stronger and printing answers or making new decks they just want to tone down everything else. The other issue is the inconsistency of reprints. You get very specific cards that become key parts of decks that spike in price because they only have one printing and are not likely to be reprinted. Cards like summer bloom, Azusa, Vesuva, Tolaria West, not going to be reprinted any time soon in most any cases but also are not played in any other decks so they spike but solely based on play in a single deck. This means there's a lot of inherent risk in the value of these cards.
Looks way better than the tracking on my Truth since the TTK update. Mine won't detonate when it's 2 feet to the side of anyone and it sure as hell won't think about tracking or curving 95% of the time.
I'd love for Destiny 2 to go 60 FPS but in all reality it never will. Bungie LOVES 30 fps. Every Bungie game has been 30 fps and they love that for whatever reason. They like the consistency or some crap.
If you're talking about mono-red burn as not running any creatures then absolutely. There's no way you're playing any effective mono-red deck without creatures as well. As far as mono-red compared to Boros or Naya it's much worse but you could still probably do it. The issue is that with fetch and shock lands the opportunity cost of the fixing to run Boros or Naya is just so low that it's absolutely worth it for how powerful the cards you get access to are. [[Atarka's Command]] is just insane in the deck. Access to [[Kor Firewalker]] is insane in the mirror. [[Boros Charm]] is probably the best straight burn spell in modern with rare corner cases where the other abilities are worth while. [[Destructive Revelry]] is just 99% strictly better than [[Smash to Smithereens]] for almost all cases. The fact that mono-red can straight lose to a leyline of sanctity without green for Destructive Revelry is a pretty big deal if it's a card people in your area sideboard often.  If you're your deck to be competative I'd say to pick up a playset of [[bloodstained mire]]'s and [[wooded foothills]] now before they become more expensive if you don't have them. A couple shock lands to fetch shouldn't be too expensive to go with them and you don't really need [[Arid Mesa]] specifically since you don't really want any lands that don't produce red on their own anyway. Even if you ran mono-red you'd likely want fetchlands anyway to turn on [[searing blaze]] and [[searing blood]] especially at instant speed. They also are very good if you want to play [[grim lavamancer]].
If this is true it's just more of Wizards agenda to permanently kill Legacy and Vintage even more since it seems like they have no plans of finally abolishing the reserved list. SCG stopped doing Legacy, Wizards is slowly killing it on MTGO. It's a bad time to be a legacy player it seems. That said if anyone is looking to sell some cheap duals or such...let me know?
Can we get an altered version of this with just the land a barren Hellscape with the Eldrazi having destroyed everything and the Planeswalkers instead retreating away to another plane? Thanks in advance. Screw this happy ending BS story.
You realize you're taking this as what now, third hand heresay? You're talking about likely a single lvl5 judge at a huge tournament who has to make calls on tons of games every round. They don't have time during normal rounds to go crazy and look over every detail of the story that was already handled by a lower level judge. If a judge call takes 10 minutes and then an appeal is made and they have to find the lvl5 judge and come make a further ruling you're talking about probably at least another 5-10 minutes to do just that without going over all the details again. That's one single match. Now consider there are hundreds of matches going on at once that round and there are a dozen more rounds in the tournament that have to happen after this round. You can't realistically take that much time and have to delay future rounds by hours because of judge calls and appeals, it's just not realistic to hosting the entirety of a tournament. The fact that there's even the option of appealing a ruling and getting a lvl5 judge to come for ANY and all rulings through a whole tournament is already impressive. Look at other sports where you either can't appeal rulings made during a match or if you can it's only during specific parts of the game. And in those cases you're only talking about a SINGLE match happening at once, not hundreds.  Not to mention this whole scenario seems like it came down to miscomunication between a lower level judge and the head judge. If you've never been to a tournament like a GP you've got to realize things will be noisy. When you're talking about someone in charge of dealing with all the other judges and then putting final rulings on things you aren't paying attention to all the noise around you to hear if other people are commenting under their breath or whatever that it was a Token creature. Details can easily get missed in the noise of everything. Judges are people too and can make mistakes.
I'm curious how this is going to affect big name teams/stores/companies that playtest etc. Are you telling me that Wizards expects CFB teams etc to own every card that they playtest with and make sure they swap them around and use all the exact actual cards? At that point you're talking about a company that runs major official events for Wizards. Cutting off your neighborhood store might not affect Wizards but are they going to be so quick to threaten and hold major companies like CFB or SCG accountable to the same degree? Cause I'm sure all the pros wait until the sets are already out and they obtain multiple playsets of every card before they playtest. I've never heard of any situations where pros are buying cards on site at a GP to play in that tournament, good thing they never participated in illegal counterfeit activities playtesting that card they didn't have beforehand.
Suddenly Trump's campaign makes a lot more sense. He's just confused about what position everyone is running for.
I wouldn't say Tarkir got nuked. It got effectively rewritten but that's not quite the same. And you're talking about 2 of the strongest creatures to ever exist in the known multiverse. 3 old walkers had to work together just to trap the 3 of them with TONS of preperation. Now 4 neo-walkers just casually full out killed them. It's not about having a happy ending, it's about that happy ending not making sense and being bullshit. It's like if Mirrodin had all the build up of the Phyrexians and how impossible it was to fight them then at the end they were just like "Oh hey could you not?" And the Phyrexians just were like "oh sure we'll just leave you alone bye". The build up and story doesn't fit with what actually ended up happening.
Oh I totally get that wizards didn't care that they were judges. My point is they have more control over judges. They can tell judges they expect them to report people using "Counterfeits" and if they don't they can more directly hold them accountable. Some random getting banned by the DCI sucks but a mass group of judges getting banned for not reporting on stores (Where they're working for those stores and making money in many cases from them) is much more of a serious issue. It's a hell of an awkward situation to be put in for judges. Come judge and event at a store and be paid for your time working there, but at the same time be expected by Wizards to report on the store if they're breaking these rules. You report on the store and the store could have it's WPN membership revoked and you won't be working there anymore. Don't report on the store and you could get your Judge qualification revoked and be banned by the DCI. You're in a major lose-lose situation.
But I don't need MORE sources of wormspore...  Screw you dreadnaught maps.
If I didn't read this sub-reddit I wouldn't know it was broken. Thanks worthless nightfall rewards for not making me waste my time! Hell I could get 15 Marks so I can gamble 135 for 3 with a 1 in a million chance at a god roll 1000y stare and be happier than the trash I get usually. Nightfall rewards might as well list as 3 Marks or on a lucky occasion strange coins. When I'm happier to get strange coins or 3 of coins from Nightfall than 99.9% of anything else that ever drops there's obviously a problem.
I don't really consider being ruled by dragons to really be that bad of an ending. In the new timeline it's basically come to be accepted. Plenty of the clans live and work together with the dragons even. I wouldn't even remotely consider that close to a plane being literally wiped from existence and having every bit of mana drained from it and all life destroyed. Or mirrodin where all non-phyrexian life is exterminated and being "perfected".  The point is 3 old walkers are on a totally different scale of power level to new walkers. It being "harder" to trap them for the 3 of them shouldn't even really be relevant. The new walkers power levels should basically be like that of an insect compared to them. Jace is suppose to just figure out how these hedrons work and be able to instantly manipulate them AND hold of Kozileks distortion abilities like it's nothing. Nissa has an intimate connection to the soul of Zendikar? Zendikar is suppose to be like mostly destroyed at this point, any soul that is left shouldn't be that crazy powerful. Chandra has ghostfire magic powers? Ok how are those powers suppose to be remotely strong enough to kill the Eldrazi. Our reference is a single card for [[Ghostfire]] that does 3 damage. The caveat is that it can hit Emrakul while any colored spells can't. It costs 3x as much as a traditional lightning bolt for the same effect. The Eldrazi are so powerful you'd need at least 4 ghostfires to theoretically kill them. Chandra has never even been shown to be that strong with her fire damaging attacks let alone this special kind of fire magic. And even aside that Ulamong is "indestructible". The point still stands that they were backed into a wall failing to try to contain Ulamong and then Kozilek gets released and they somehow magically go from barely containing one titan to full out killing two. I'd accept MAYBE killing Ulamong and then fleeing before Kozilek got there to help and finish off the job of killing them all but just killing both is insane. The fact that Ugin and Sorin never even showed up to get involved is also absurd. It basically looks like they had a more involved and fleshed out story for a 3-block Cycle, changed the block structure and had to make a sudden change to make up an ending and it sucked. Hell the Planeswalkers on mirrodin could barely do anything against the Phyrexians and honestly the Eldrazi Titans should be at least on a similar power level if not stronger. And you're talking about Karn being on mirrodin and he's arguably stronger than any of the 4 that saved Zendikar.
Wish this would show up as in stock, that lower price is quite a bargain. Bought a copy at Target just recently and it was the normal $60 new. Oh well.
Would be really cool of them if the standalone game comes with a code for a discount on the first game on the e-shop like it does if you buy Bayonetta 2 digitally. Wonder if they'll drop the price of the game on the e-shop to match the new standalone game release.
Certainly makes me more interested in replaying it anyway. What makes it better?
To be fair Twin was THE top deck pretty much as long as it has existed in some way or another. It really locks down the format as far as you have to either get under the T4 win or be able to stop it. With it banned it really opens up a lot of potential for a lot of different decks. Honestly did ANY decks not have a maindeck answer to Twin and not run at least 4 sideboard cards specifically for the match-up? It's a good 75% at least of why spellskite is as expensive as it is.
Can you hear that everyone? That's the sound of all the Ugin's and Karn's prices skyrocketing even higher. Wish I pulled the trigger on that last Eye of Ugin i needed...I feel like Eldrazi is going to be insane now.  To be fair I think the Twin ban is totally justified. The deck is still playable but you don't have to worry so much about the turn 4 instant win. It really was pretty stifling to the format that you either had to get under the turn 4 win or stop it or instantly lose against arguably the most popular deck for the majority of Modern's lifespan.  Wonder if this will finally mean that scalding tarn will no longer be the most expensive fetch land anymore...probably not.
I think people are missing part of the point here. They aren't saying that the Twin ban wasn't warranted. They're saying that if there wasn't a modern PT they wouldn't be as concerned about there being a "best deck" that is consistently top tier and warps the meta-game around it. The point is it looks bad for the format for Splinter Twin to be such a consistently dominating deck that everyone has to constantly be aware of and play around specifically. If you weren't prepared for the splinter twin match-up your deck just wasn't competitive. This makes for bad coverage at the PT level and makes modern less appealing for people to get into which is bad PR for Wizards. This doesn't mean that splinter twin isn't ban-worthy as well, it's just that if there was no PT for modern they would be much less concerned about making any bannings at all except for things that are huge huge problems or mistakes. I suspect if there was no modern PT instead of these bannings we'd be much more likely to simply see zero bans or unbans.
Maybe they realized that Shinobu's Vow would be stupid OP? Granted bladedancers have pretty crap exotics for PvP. They'll probably have to nerf skip grenades horribly like they did to scatter grenades if they do release it.
That's exactly it though. They haven't released this exotic yet. Looking at it you can tell it's too strong and needs to be changed before it's released. People data-mined it though and know about it beforehand and expect it to come out now. Then they'll be mad if it comes out and gets changed to be less overpowered.
They didn't ban it because it's the "best deck" though, they banned the card because it warped the meta-game around it. You HAD to have a way to deal with twin t4 or you couldn't compete. They banned it for the health of the format so that people can brew and create varying decks without having to worry "how do I beat t4 twin" in every scenario. The thing about the modern PT is that it puts modern under the public eye more so they're forced to keep it healthy. They don't have to worry as much about the format if it isn't going to get that much public attention.
Oh I absolutely don't think that the exotic not being out yet has anything to do with balance issues. They have no problem releasing an exotic and if it's overpowered nerfing it later. It not releasing is absolutely about creating artificial longevity in the game. My point is that I wouldn't get excited or really think anything about Exotics from data-mining. They can easily be totally different when they release or could be decided to not release at all. The "microphone" rocket launcher for example was said by Bungie to never actually be a thing and isn't going to ever "come out", it's just left over from testing.
Is there any way to get a TL:DR on what is confirmed and isn't confirmed to being changed as well as what is suspect to being changed or censored? It's so hard to figure out at this point as someone who hasn't been paying 100% attention to everything.
I would LOVE if they brought Cipher to the west...sadly they likely won't. And if they do it'll be like 1 set then die.
Try to lure multiple enemies together as much as possible to kill with a single AoE attack. This lets you get more experience and prevents you from having to repair your equipment since you don't have to use as many attacks lowering it's durability.  Larger heavy weapons are always better since they have the biggest AoE skills with better hitboxes while hitting harder.  Be careful about sending anyone back to your firelink shrine if they ask you to go or they might kill your firekeeper and then you're screwed.
My assumption is that talking about the curse triggers it to kill him and reset him back to whenever his last "checkpoint" is. Assuming it's some sort of magic from the witch or whatever that is causing it the smell is coming from the magic starting to activate. Normally the smell is just a lingering of the effect on him in some way. Maybe it's the effect effectively telling the dogs to kill him as well? I'm honestly not sure the madbeasts are really in any way controlled by the witch. They may have been made by her but not really under her control.
It's a shame that if what I've seen/read people post is accurate the anime could cover up through LN 9 which is as far as is currently released in LN form. And we'll be lucky if we get that in English within 3-4 years at Yen Press's typical release pace based on the first novel's release. Supposedly the web novel it's being edited into LN from is much further but it'll take ages to get to that point D:
But this isn't a picture of Yui. I'll take either. Her odds would probably be a lot higher if the OVA was already out.
Watch the second. Then proceed to feel empty inside.
Part of me imagines this was all over the course of a single day rather than day after day.  Another part of me wants the dad to just have a bb gun or something and shoot back at the kid at the end.
Dare I ask what's wrong with the Index release? I've actually considered getting it when I had the funds so I'm actually concerned. I doubt they fixed any problem they had when they did the combined collection? Viz luckily doesn't look like has much of anything I'd care about to begin with. Shame to hear about the Pokemon Movie collection though, seems really dumb.
Well that's just plain disappointing.
Incomplete/horrible adaptations. Made considerably worse when they end up with horrible endings, typically original endings they made up for the show, that completely ruin any chance of the show getting an actual continuation.
You realize that if the box msrp was lower and the box "value" on the cards was higher without an insanely small print run that drives the prices down right? That's my whole point. Standards set recently have had times where they are slightly over ~$100 box price on average but this only lasted a short bit after release until prices were driven down.
This card would be stupid with collected company...  I realize that isn't saying much aside how busted collected company is.
Cause it's not possible that the incredibly sub-par coverage is turning away potential viewers. There's only so much I can put up with when trying to watch coverage when it's so bad. A zoomed in image of the table with no coverage or commentary at all would be better than a large amount of official coverage that we get. Not to even begin to mention how bad things are with the breaks and skipping around covering random crap and cutting in the middle of content.
