Take his advicd, stop comparing yourself to other people,  your lift numbers are not very good. But that's totally ok because you're new to this. Just go lift weights until you can lift more than you used to
That's so fucking extreme
I sure did!haha I noticed right after posting but decided to leave it anyway
If you haven't heard the acoustic version of that song,look it up. One of my favorite songs of all time
That's the worst mallet ever
Oh thank fuck. I've heard of it but haven't seen it but knowing it's fake helps a lot
They're creepy to me
No I really have no idea what I'm talking about. It was a joke because I've owned 2 xjs and preferred my 98
What I hate is girls saying "hey you ahould ____" instead of asking for something . "Oh that's what I should do?"
I hated alice in Wonderland
Looks good except i think it would look nicer if you could. Make the rocks look somehow related, either all tilted the same way or maybe like the peaks of a mountain
Hell yeah! Good for you that's awesome! Just know that no kiss will ever be that exciting again. It's still awesome to kiss someone you really care about but it more just feels really comfortable
Definitely.  I'm not huge into fighting games but that was probably my favorite, played the shit out of the first and second
I feel like writing commercials would be really fun if you got creative with them. Basically writing a short with some product placed in there
I opened the link and literally said holy shit" out loud.  That tank is amazing Edit: that's only 8.5 gallons?  On my first look I thought it was like 50+
6 foot at 185 is small?? I mean it isn't huge but i wouldn't say small  Edit:  for a bodybuilder, i realize it's small. I just mean as a person in general
True. But one is more important. I definitely appreciate good graphics but don't really judge a game based on them.
You normally fill those jugs with purified drinking water so I wouldn't think so
Get hella drunk
Hmm that's a possibility.I'll give it a shot
Maybe instead of hooked up to traffic data you could just have them cycle thru green, yellow red?
Good point.
Nice doodle! What about the left side?  I was thinking tall crypts in both back corners
Great fucking idea I'm going to do that next year
Infections can be pretty gross
Brendan fraiser is in some dope shit
90% of this thread is the same shit
Without the experience you'd assume it's the same spot as your weiner
Why was low dose worse? I think I've only done like 10x and 20x and I just go beyond the thunderdome and end up in my own world. Although I did read it has a "reverse tolerance" effect, the more you smoke it, the harder it effects you
I think i read that they do this is north Korean prison camps. Sad shit
Good thing all drunks make sure to shoot exactly up in the air
I loved that show but it always creeped  me out a little
I love that episode  Edit: I don't think I'm super tough
I just cant get over the name "Hogarth"
Having to actually do that would be one of the worst things ever
Colin ferrel is so good at an American accent I forget he sounds like a goddamn leprechaun
Theyve gotten so out of hand the last couple years. Thanfully they seem to be on the way out
I never knew how to put it into words but that's perfect
Wow. That's some sociopath level shit. Fuck that lady
That's one of the funniest things I've seen in a while
That's how I define hobbies. Something with creative output even if it's just a little
Looks like he's getting some ghetto medical care
Wouldn't this problem be avoided by just turning off ans cutting power to the computer before driving?
Yeah but smartphones+internet are fucking insane
It's just way more weird than I remember
Nobody likes you when you're 23--
I was coming to warn of this. its so bad
Don't buy rocks from a lfs, they charge so much
Check out devil makes three. More folky than bluegrass and I'm not a fan of their latest Album but they don't get nearly the recognition they deserve
I absolutely love 90s cars
