Thunderdevil is boss!  Makes you look like Solid Snake.
The common individual doesn't know what most of the government does.  I'm not surprised if a lot of folks didn't know that.
Voidfang Vestments is the only time I think having more strength is cool.
How is using the Gjallarhorn elitism?  I think you're just upset this particular strategy involves it.  How about replace it (insert 365 heavy here)?
Still don't see how that's broken.  Hunters also spawn with grenade energy with the Lucky Raspberry.  Its not broken, it's game mechanics.  What would be broken is if Sunsingers could have ignite, with two grenades.
I think Riley Cooper would have been a deal breaker for them. Meaning they wouldn't have wanted him.
Like a responsible adult, imagine that....
Fear makes people do bizarre things.
No you twat.
Nothing is just "meh" with wolf pack rounds.
I think a lot of your fans said "X person can't go!" this year, and watched them walk away.  I'm not going to underestimate the craziness of the Niners at the moment.
Of course, our special teams will score 35 for us.
Baseball is more of an evolved version of a cricket.  Americans get that from our English counter parts.  Heck, our anthems sound the same.   So no, I take nothing back.
I'm pretty sure it's your job as buyers to have a proper inspection done, on your coin not the Sellers'.  Just walk away from it and move on.  You don't want to get involved any further.
That's not a gun, that's a bloody anti-aircraft cannon. You'll raise hell let alone pulses!
Kotaku shouldn't bite the hands that feed them.
T. O. for all his shortcomings he did his job well.  Caught the ball, scored touchdowns, and was entertaining.   What else could we have asked for?  Aside from off field drama.
Close to averaging a triple double every game.  That's insane.
Even cats can't not resist of power of ham.
Seriously, some a harassing circle jerk of a subreddit gets banned and people are Butthurt because it invades their freedom of speech?  Well reddit can get sued for it, hell the people who are doing the harassing can get sued for it.   It was a business decision, folks need to get over it or go back to /b/.
Certified killer, he's slayed his own career in cold blood.
Folks do keep score by their bank accounts, but I hope he has a good money manager cause no one is buying anymore of his records.
Tyson and Hammer wasn't probably, it happened you twit.
Took twenty shrapnel shards but doesn't roll with a limp.
Here's a tip for you.  Don't play with randoms.
Ain't nothing rude about it, but that's just your opinion vs mine vs the citizens of Cambodia.  Buddhism played and still plays a huge part in a country's healing that it  suffered during the Khmer Rogue.
Only thing here that is a joke is you.
Many will agree but Bungie doesn't care.  They'll do anything for their bottom line.
If these were investment properties it may have been worth it due to the fact you can shelter your income via depreciation and the mortgage interest deduction.  Most times to what I've calculated in our portfolio you'd shelter anywhere between 20-35k in income per property.  So even if you're reporting negative numbers your bank account is growing.
Seeing as how difficult it is to win in this day and age I'm not bothered by it.  Because after the game is over the next year starts it doesn't matter anymore.
I think it'd be more about guaranteed money, that's more security than extended years as far as your health is concerned.  But yeah, pay the  man.
Consider that a blessing
I picture the election officials are actually a firing squad with clipboards.
Should I continue to be long on Alcoa?  Half of my lots I got in when it was $7 the other half during the rise $11 -  $13.   Should I sell some?  I don't see a terrible downturn in the future with the company.
No one Guardian is above another, we are all the same cloth.  An in game battle shrine in tribute to all Guardians lost, and forever in our hearts.  But some may think it sappy and have no bearing of its context of why it's even there.
My bet is it'll be 5.5 million a year for five years, 9-10 million guaranteed.   Or 5.5 for three years and 7-8 million guaranteed.   He's 34, unless he stays super healthy I can't imagine him getting a long contract.
Winning a Super Bowl is end game for all teams, it seems you are in a win now mode, not win five or seven years from now mode.
Why anyone gives a shit is beyond me.
Seriously, you are King Kong.
It's obvious to anyone paying attention that the Bungie that created Halo and the Bungie that created Destiny are two completely different companies.
Top comments are about how to do it if it's a larger hole.  Stop typing about it and show us all!  Thanks.
It's been confirmed, Donald Trump is a bigger gaffe than Joe Biden!  Who imagined that could even be possible?
Wouldn't my dream girl accept my faults?
If Greece defaults doesn't that hit the entirety of the world economy?
I highly doubt you understand how our team Footballs.
There's no if, he'll have to.
How quick Dallas fans choose to forget the past but only at certain intervals.
Be Drew Brees, yeah that super simple.
Don't try to make amends now, just take your downvotes and carry on.
Auto rifles should do more damage though.  Not a great deal that is game breaking, just more.   Shotguns need a reduction in range still, it's not fair you're pumping rounds mid-range into someone and they still one shot with a Conspiracy D or Partycrasher..
