Dang, she'd be a lucky girl to get hit on by a TNA legend
I definitely agree. Even unpopular characters like Jacob and Ashley each formed a bond with me that I couldn't ignore. With limited screen time, ME was able to create Legion into a beautiful, misunderstood creature and Zaeed into the king of bad asses
I just pictured him railing off that list!! Yeah, he's a world class bad ass. One of those characters you just are happy has your back with their bad assery!!
Pros: Has extensive playing time for a player at his age without super high expectations. I would say he has panned out quite well for someone w ho was drafted in the mid 20s. Could become a very good 3 and D player like Wes Matthews. It's up to Bud to develop this kid  Cons: Didn't get the best value of the earliest non lottery pick. Still a lot of relatively good talent available for us to choose from
If Mr. Stine isn't his surprise guest on his Coachella set this year, I'll be disappointed
Yeah the writers for that episode were really bad.
Honestly I think it comes down to value. If we trade him after this season he becomes an expiring contract, thus a lot less valuable on the block. We probably already have to give him away at discount, but we can at least pull something substantial. Or else it ends up being a Josh Smith situation. Had we traded Smoove around this time of his contract we could've fleeced someone big time
I killed him for his officers outfit
Big AL has declined a bit today but when he was younger he was one of the better centers in an albiet sparse Era for big men. I think Okafor is even more polished tho, if he can expand his range and get some good defenders and jump shooters around him he can be very, very good
I hate you. But they're pretty good.
Okafor and D'Angelo are both exciting prospects to be honest. I think both aren't complete products yet, unlike KAT, and that was their knock. Outside of a slight lack of athleticism, and by that, I mean mostly that he isn't Westbrook unholy athletic, Russell seemed like the more complete prospect, compared to Okafor, who seemed to be an offensive center that couldn't shoot free throws.   Okafor has shown some really impressive polish for his post moves, and of course Booker and Krishaps have been incredible during their rookie years, but D'Angelo is still a solid pick.
I think the difference was how much people just didn't want Roman to win his first championship at WM 31. Whether it be Brock or Seth, people just didn't want Roman to win because of how unrealistic and forced it was for a guy who was messing up speeding train promos to the most legitimate draw that WWE has possibly ever had. The ending was so perfect because it kept all 3 strong and gave us the result we wanted that we didn't know we needed. 30 was basically not how much we didn't want Batista to be champ, albiet badly, but rather how much people wanted Daniel Bryan to finally climb on the top of the mountain. Cena, Orton and Batista, guys who normally get tons of respect, were rejected for Bryan, that's how strong the sentiment was for this to happen.
Probably in the mid 20s even though he's averaging 90 points a game and 30 rebounds as a point guard.
Wow. I like the trade for both teams, to be honest.
Why not both. Fingers crossed Beasley will be there at 21
Marquesse Chriss went to the Suns for less than the picks we had. Damn it!!
Sarcastic 22 year old DeMarre Carroll is the best Carroll
Is lie
IS LIE
IS LIE
The secret to being good at posting shit is to actually consume it. Good luck student
How about just making the Pelicans our developmental team?
Yup. Broadcast and shitposting go hand in hand!
Quality of qualitative posts &lt;3
This day keeps getting better. 2017 starting off strong af
I honestly think Dunn will turn it around. Dude has all the physical tools, he just needs to develop an offensive game, and with three fantastic offensive players around him meaning he will never have to be burdened with being the primary scorer. He can easily be the Big 3 Rondo role once the Twolves go full sp00k
He's 22 years old. And also, he's not a normal player, he's a pretty dynamic athlete with speed, vertical and hustle. A similar player like Conley developed his shot into pretty consistent.
I hope you guys do, especially if you guys continue to build for the future. Even if he is making rookie mistakes, it'll be fun as hell to watch (like the Napier what-ever-the-fuck-that-was)
Super big respect to how your fans handled yourselves in the Rose Bowl. You guys were loud and assertive but remained polite and classy throughout the game. Most of the bad PSU fans were LA bandwagoners who had a little too much to drink.   GG, and appreciate all the time you have with your superstar Barkley. Those were the best days :)
Roger's is graduating but Burnett is gonna be a star. He was a filler blue shirt recruit who is really making use of his opportunity
Fuck the Saints lite
Run by the same group of incompetent idiots that overpay players based on a canal street chronicles article
I'm wondering if we can make a move for Wes Matthews in a package around Bazemore contract. We could get back that shooting with defense on the other end
Bears are the best if you can find some. They usually wreck your low to average dinosaur and also rarely eat your prey because they're omnivores
You're basically looking at a guy already nearing the level of Avery Bradley or Wesley Matthews with a significantly higher ceiling. Honestly, if he can use his athleticism better and develop slashing and midrange games, which he has the athleticism for, he can be a very highly regarded guard
He's one of those good "best player on an average college team" players that disappears after he graduates. Cool part was that he made it all the way back to the NBA 5 years later. Quick, shifty guy with some.impressive skill. Of ciurse, he's still getting used to the pace of the NBA but he reminds me of Shelvin Mack as the likable, talented career backup
Inconsistent but still a quality starter
Dunleavy is the greatest Hawk in history
They better pay Dunleavy tho
Might be biased when I say this as a Hawks fan but I seriously feel that tanking for a higher pick is not a successful way to build a team. There is rarely a transformative talent that can make you into a contender like LeBron or Shaq. Shit, Sacramento and New Orleans have the two best big men in the league and aren't close to contending for a title. Neither team has a lack of draft picks each year. Outside of OKC, no team in recent memory has been able to build a contender with straight top 5 picks, unless you count Cleveland who basically had two no-brainers for a top pick with LeBron being a can't miss prospect and Kyrie being a star in a weak draft. Shit, the process that all 76ers fans are enjoying right now would've never happened if they didn't find a transformative talent in Embiid. Even then, they aren't winning too many games.
Doesn't that prove my point? Even if they weren't winning they were at least trying to be competitive with players like Monta and Stephen Jackson. They got compatible pieces and a good coach as well as some key trades and free agent signings. The only high pick contributing to their teams was Bogut, which they acquired from trading Ellis, a second round pick
Keeping your picks is the most promising thing but what happens when you don't win for a significantly long time? Take for instance a team like the Nuggets. They've done a pretty good job drafting since the Bynum Howard trade, but they're basically log jammed at shooting guard, small forward and center because they've taken too many talented assets without any of them developing into true superstars yet. Now they run the risk of dropping Nurkic for Jokic or Barton/Harris for Murray. Obviously, they can trade them for pieces but even drafting as well as a team like Denver while keeping all your picks doesn't necessarily translate to building a contender
Honestly? A wing defender can seriously be the difference. Roberson is good perimeter defense but if they can get a guy like Winslow or Jae Crowder who can lock down some serious real Estate on defense, WB cans dominate on offense. Grab a good rebounder to complement their three face up center rotation and a guy who can shoot off the dribble when WB is on the bench and I think OKC is a contender. Look at houston, if you surround a top5 player with the proper role players and a system to succeed in you can do some serious damage without being forced to craft a super team. I just think they have too many moving pieces right now and not all of those players are complementing WB
His tape doesn't look good, you're right. He does fit into the mold of Derrick Rose clones that rely solely on motor and athleticism and quickness, just a little more of the later than the others
No problem. I think WB is an alpha dog so another Durant or even a Griffin is a bad idea. Guys with similar mindsets, like Kobe and Jordan, found success in their primes with a great beta dog, a wing man of sorts. Pippin and Gasol are HoFers, but they clearly respected whose team it was. A second tier star that can do things that WB doesn't provide as much ( defense, glue guy, consistent spot up shooting) would be awesone. I think Khris Middleton if he fully recovers would be honestly an awesome fit for WB
The thing is despite the revitalization of centers, guys like KAT Embiid and Cousins can legit create their own shot. They slash, fake and hit contested jumpers. I don't know if this is an anomaly that we are seeing with three groundbreaking talents but we might be seeing iso centers in the new future
That's true. Iso ball is rarely winning basketball no matter how talented the player is. Thankfully Embiid has Simmons and KAT hopefully has an improved Dunn or a revitalized Rubio. I think if Boogie gets John Wall or even Bledsoe, he significant improves (despite already being a top 10 player and the best center in the NBA).
Let me preface that I despise tanking. But New York isn't gonna hoist the Larry Obrien with Rose and Melo. Both players are not only past their prime, but aren't the leaders that two iconic players should be. KP is the future and possibly the scariest prospect out there if he hits his ceiling. The thing is, you have to take into account what's going in NOLA. The fact that they're trying so hard to win right away by trading assets and picks for players that can immediately contribute like Holiday means they burn chances at players like Noel who have the same time line as Davis. They're learning the hard way now because it's very hard to find a skilled young player with the same time line as AD now because a 19 year old in the draft is too young and a proven star like Millsap is too old. If a team does have a good 23-24 year old player, they don't want to trade them unless they get something substantial back because they are typically on team friendly deals. They got lucky that this year's draft had two good upperclassmen in Hield and Dunn but neither had any NBA experience.  All in all, you want at LEAST 1-2 prospects that you can feel confidently putting alongside KP for the next 10 years. Think about Dirk. Had he had a consistent #2 instead of a revolving door of Josh Howard, Jason Terry and Tyson Chandler, how many more titles would he have won.
I would highly be careful of foreign league PGs. Ntilikina looks very promising but guys like Mudiay and Exum were the top true points in the ir class. The thing is the athleticism and quickness if NBA guards are very hard for non college guards to keep up with. I would much rather rely on Ball who has shown he can ball up against high level players
Fab Melo is GOAT
