Stop overthinking and do what you feel. once you have pulled an "overnighter" (I am assuming this also means sex) then it's pretty much on. So relax, he is enjoying himself, you should be too.
Offer him the whole package bro. Instead of trying to be his first, try to be his all. Go and try to win out against the boyfriend, but you have to offer the same things. You don't mention that the brother is into you at all, so you must be just wishing from afar? Time to find out if you have a chance at being his boyfriend, not just some guy who wants to fuck him.
All you have to do is take it to the next level. Instead of eye contact, it has to be verbal, so be cute when you say something. Take your time wording responses and instead of short curt responses, take the time to introduce new subjects while keeping the conversation going. For instance: (Him) Sup?   (You) IDK- but there are possibilities....  There is no way that won't get a response, (or blocked haha). Be suggestive, sexual, excited, and interested, but use your words.
Remember to have fun and talk about how it feels to your partner. He needs to know if you feel good and vice versa. One shower will work, just pay attention with soap and washcloth to all the ares where he might be close. Scrub your ears, your toes, your ass, taint, hole, Cock, balls, and stick a finger in and around inside your anus to make sure you are clean, if you have a foreskin, retract it and clean all inside there. Above all have fun, and don't be selfish.
&gt;He lets me be selfish and not do much and he does a lot of the work haha  Well it's obvious you and he are in different places. You think you are simply fucking, and he thinks he is building a relationship. At some point you figured to stop taking advantage of him? Or did you plan on being the "selfish one" from now on? So you plan to ghost him. Wow, that's payback for his investment. Why not just level with him and explain that it is purely physical for you and obviously not for him, and it's time for you to go. God forbid you take some responsibility here. Be firm, be real, tell him that it's over and you are not seeing him any more.
Challenge yourself. Let him drive. You need practice at that.   Social first or you will be easy and they won't date you, but will just use you for sex. These aren't hard and fast rules, there are always exceptions, but as a gay man, you owe it to yourself to learn how to function socially first so that you can separate the serial killers from the potential husbands.
Why are you asking this question. Do you not realize you are in danger?
crying that often is a red flag. You are being manipulated, controlled and systematically abused.
You need to get out of your head and into your hands. Start painting and doing things that require concentration. It will be much healthier than letting your mind go in circles. Meditate every morning. Observe your thoughts. You will find that porn is like a drug. You have been an addict, dealing with the minds addiction to it isn't easy.   Don't fuck around until you know someone. Minimum of three dates, they have to make the first move, leave your penis in your pants and concentrate on holding hands and being in the present.
You need real dates, not hookups, emotional intimacy, not sexual activity. I don't understand why people want to pretend that love and sex don't go hand in hand. You need to have the social intimacy of falling in love, date, kiss, hold hands, be real, talk about fears and share them. Then you will have enough emotional investment to control the sexual expression of that.
You have asked him to be your boyfriend?  If not, then do. but you know what? Wear black, do some mourning, take care of grief like you lost a relationship because you have. It's the same process for getting over unrequited love as any breakup, feel it, self care, slowly get on with life. It isn't supposed to be easy to feel, but the question remains; now that you got hurt playing FWB, don't you think it should be a boyfriend you share sex, intimacy, and secrets with? Don't look for a hookup, don't look for a FUCKBOY. Look for a real live boyfriend...you sure wouldn't be worried right now if you had. Stop being so easy, once you show them your cock, you are all out of reasons to date and be boyfriends.
Dealbreaker.  I don't mind a conservative, have your own mind, but a guy who is gay wanting to support Cruz or the other guys who want to roll back gay marriage and go to "kill the gays" rallies. Sorry bro, deal breaker.
Dude, get a room.  When a friend helps you because of a breakup or what ever, you don't break the rules. You don't invite people over, you don't smoke in the house, you don't treat it like you are the homeowner. You quietly get back on your feet and move on. Then you can have a stranger in the living room naked at two am.
He is absolutely full of shit.   Key elements surrounding development of same sex attraction are not fully understood by science or medicine, and most research doesn't indicate that historical assumptions surrounding behavior and late childhood development of same sex attraction / homosexuality are at all true. The leading edge of the science and medical research indicates earlier and earlier childhood establishment of immutable sexual orientation. The whole "born gay" popularity is born out by research.   Having said that, keep in mind that pedophilia is not related, AT ALL. It surrounds behaviors that become hidden and compulsive and obsessive and is a well understood physchiatric disorder. The therapies that exist for pedophilia are effective at limiting and exposing relapse activity, but no one can or will support the conditional support of their pedophilia at the expense of a group of minor children. Neither would anyone support a serial killer by suggesting that he go on killing. Anyone connected with the discussion that draws these type of conclusions and comparisons are homophobic and discriminating against LGBT within their discussion.
Bro, don't be silly, when you are in a relationship where a guy is just using you for money and you want to be in love or be loved back there is no peace. If you think you want to be in an open relationship that is fine but to contemplate it as an enticement is ridiculous.   Put it on for a moment. If a guy asked you to be his boyfriend, and he would pay you, and let you fuck around would you take him seriously? Would you think he wanted you? Or would you just figure he just wanted " anyone" and you were the first fly caught in the web?
You act as if he can only cheat, not be honest and learn better. It isn't a character trait, it is bad behavior and not communicating. Many young guys slut it up in their twenties and then learn how to be a good boyfriend later in life.
This is no easy question, and normally my "knee-jerk" reaction is to be out no matter the cost, but I would refrain from having the conversation.   Your involvement with him is a primary relationship in your life, alienating him would result in harming your future, and damaging your education, and denying you the formative relationship you require.   In this case I am going to recommend you hold your own counsel. If he asks, do not lie, but do not bring it up.   Good luck.
Unless you tell them they won't know what is on your mind.
Just know them before you take the plunge. It is a small boat and everybody finds stuff out, so be a little cool at first and check twice to make sure he isn't going to flake on you.
Several things... 1) Good for you, you went on a nice first date!  2) No,you can't change gay orientation 3) your parents will be happy if you are happy 4) you need to surround yourself with true friends who accept you  Ditch the friend if he won't be open minded about your life. You know you are gay, and pretending you aren't will only hurt yourself and others.  Plan to be honest with your folks when the time is right. Parents want you to be happy and successful, the how and when and with whom won't be nearly as important as the happy and successful.
See you just lost your credibility. It's one thing to be arrogant and attack ideas and positions, but you just snapped on a user, not a way to win your argument.
Straighten Up. Quit Cutting Class. Meet him when you have free time. Drugs &amp; Booze &amp; Gay Sex, well hell, no wonder you like him!!!
Adammm99 There is no way, NO WAY this is good for you.  You are going to throw away your chance at college scholarships, at doing well in high school, and you are playing with dangerous substances (drugs and hooch).   While it is not rare for guys to experiment, your wake up call is ringing bro. It is fun to do drugs and to drink. it is fun to have sex. But being a sixteen year old, these things need to be done in moderation. Drugs can destroy your future. Alcohol dependence can become strong enough to kill (just ask Amy Winehouse, who would have survived the drug high, but the Delerium Tremens-only caused by detox from alcohol poisoning- took her life).  Its fun when you are learning to be a "bad" boy, but the honest answer is that it is a long road back to innocence.   16 doesn't last long bro, you will be older before you know it. When you do drugs and spend time on sex and booze you miss out on education and foundation skills and developing judgment that helps you live life. Take some time for yourself and remember that being cool won't provide you with and education or job. You need to develop. You need to grow into a man. Don't shortchange your childhood and wind up wasting your opportunities on a guy that doesn't value himself or you.   Your life is just starting out....drop the drugs, go back to class, buckle down and get after what is important. Don't chase him into nothingness...a good boyfriend will wait for you to finish high school and won't expect you to do self harmful things.
Being a member of a minority is hard. No matter how much acceptance a guy gets from his family or social circle, he is still gay. He has still grown up with the sure and complete knowledge that he has something to be ashamed of because of the way society treats us. Accepting that one is gay and coming out of the closet also means confronting the vestiges of a homophobic value system. Relinquishing the thoughts that we are not equal. This has been a lifetime of acquired value judgments and will not go away in a day, but can be challenged and confronted with affirmations and perseverance.   Remember that being gay (Two-Spirited in Native American) is special, amazing, and incredible. Gay people experience love that they describe as deeper, more real, and much more intense than straight people. Gay people embody out of the box thinking, and tend to be the most creative in both problem solving and the arts. Gay is synonymous with successful in many cases and often are leaders, inspirational, and catalysts for change. A gay minister once told me that God created Gay people to show mankind that Love would overcome any obstacle.   Being accepted by the people close to them is a basic requirement for survival. Gay people, thrown away when parents realize their children are gay, by default experience a unique right of passage taken for granted universally -acceptance and support of family. This alone doesn't end their minority status or achieve success. Every racial minority has this as a given and yet they all to a single individual possess the awareness that the rest of the world will treat them harshly at times.   Gay people yearn for equality and enfranchisement by the majority. Just as every minority does. As long as it is an advantage to be straight it will continue. With gay marriage becoming law in the US it is a heady time for gay rights advances, but there are fears that some of the rights will be rolled back if the republicans come to power.   As u/BlubberyGiraffe points out, coming out never really ends. It has to be done constantly with new folks.
Doesn't matter to me, everybody is different in their own way.
Dude, try topping. Bottoming isn't getting you off, so try top.
Well, it may be a little subjective, but here is my reasoning:  In order to deal with being an oppressed minority in hiding during adolescence and puberty many gay men learn a tremendous amount about themselves. They are referred to in the Native American communities as "Two Spirited" having both the benefit of a male gender and a female gender. While this may not actually make us superior, it does make us tremendously more self aware, and tremendously more flexible about accepting different ideas and solving problems by thinking "outside the box".  I hope this explains adequately. :)  I would assume that Bi Men are also the same.
Many men have standards, pity their hearts and minds don't really go along. Our Primitive impulses, instinctual &amp; hormonal, seldom respond to higher brain guidance. My advice, go with the flow, it may be just what you need to become a better man. Only the future knows....
Be consistent.   Neither ugly nor nice. Continue to state the obvious, "I am not interested".   That doesn't make you a jerk, it makes you kind.
Bro, that's a lot. Let's take it one at a time:   &gt;....very defensive about sexuality  Ok. What do you have to prove? We aren't straight. We are all gay and we all suck cock and bottom or top. Focus on what they say about their sexuality. Remember that no one can make you feel inferior without your permission. Remember that you are an awesome gay dude and you have good sexuality. God made you gay to show the world that love has no limits.   &gt;....very competitive about my sexual experience  Why? I have had a three way, I have been topped by a black guy, does that make me better than you? Hell No. The key element is that you did what you did and it was special to you. Fucked a guy in a glass elevator? You go boy, still no different, deep throated a hung guy? Who cares - did you like it? That is what is important. I held hands and wrote his name all over my notebook, yep, just as gay. Chill, gay sexual behavior is unique to the Gay having it, hope he had fun. No winners, no losers, fucked a bro on Halloween that was hotter than Zac Effron and it still doesn't matter, did YOU dig it?   &gt;....deeply insecure about being gay &amp; place in society  Work on self acceptance. When you know that Gay People are equal then you will be equal. It really is that simple. Investigate how you feel about gay deep down, and face it, when you believe you have nothing to be ashamed of then you will cease to be ashamed.   &gt;....deeply scarred by breakup  At least you were in love! Better To have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. Treasure your pains, because you earned that shit. Maybe he hurt you, but you did have a relationship! Not a failure dude, a rite of passage. No one gets to Mr. Right without at least one Mr. I-got-dumped.   &gt;....defenses are up when meet gay bros  Ok, look. They can hurt you. But they can also be a understanding pal who tells you when you need to not date a drug user or not lend your car to your drunk boyfriend. They might be the one who tells you that they like you but don't wanna have sex because they have a boyfriend. Don't be afraid of gay people, their not any more scary than a churchlady. What are they gonna do? Suck you to death? Tell you that you are too fat or not cute enough? Phuck em! It ain't like they are all going to want to bed you. Some will, usually the ones you aren't particularly interested in. And the one guy you think is so hot you would die if he spoke to you might not know you exist. He will "be strong" too. Phuk em! Relax. They can't hurt ya.   &gt;....confuse friendship with attraction  Ah hell, we all do this when we get horny, keep beating off regularly and just try to be open with yourself about the guys you find attractive. Ask them for their number, be courteous and try to ask them out. One of them might go for it, and if they say no it hasn't cost you shit.   &gt;....how do I present myself when meeting gay bros  Be nice, be clean, and try not to talk too much. Let them steer, and just try to enjoy yourself. They might be nervous around you, you don't know unless you talk. Just chill, all is as it's supposed to be.   Take care, hope this helps. Good Luck!
Bullshit. If this is all true then for goodness sake at least kiss him or something. Don't be focused on the past, stay in the NOW.
Take your shirt off, leave your pants on, and have some fun. Gay clubs will get you face to face which is more fun.
Hasn't made me sick.  I don't think it makes anyone sick.  Doctors have killed more people than eating out a boyfriend's starfish.   JUS SAYIN
AWWWWWW.......I hope you get a proposal, that is so Sweet!!!
Dude,   Really good post! Nice that you put yourself out there. Thanks!
Being kinky with a one night stand or hookup is a lot less threatening than a guy who you live with, try to talk, and be patient with yourself as you leve with him.
Some guys would get an ego boost out of it. It can change how the interactions between friends go. If he knows you think he is hot it may become a topic of conversation.
Dude, get over yourself. He didn't ask you to be exclusive, live together or get married. Those are commitments, this is a show. If you don't want to go, don't go, if you want to make the time to see him, it's a good possibility that you might just enjoy yourself..
Just meet him and then decide, if he gives off a bad vibe then bounce, but for real an older guy will help you figure it all out.
Therapy. It is what can help you deal with you, and that is what is causing you pain, irrational fear.
My thoughts, IF you are really into a guy, AND you trust him to explore with you, THEN, Bottoming will be a wonderful experience.   IF you aren't into him, and just trying to find out if you can do it or not, then you shouldn't...it can hurt, it can make it hard to do it again. It takes being turned on to bottom, when you are into a guy it makes it much easier.
You obviously haven't done this before.......
There is great value to being honest with yourself. When you tell others, self awareness is a byproduct. You become more self accepting as you become more open. You also become accepting of it and that banishes shame. The end result is more positive feelings about your own identity.
3 months, Gay years are like dog years, :)  so that means each year is seven years.  So three months is a year and half or so....heheheh.   Ok, it was more like two and a half months because I asked him could I stay because of a forty minute drive home. :)
Come out, get your own business done, and be real. The changes you go through will bring your maturity forward.   I think he got scared when you associated coming out with him.   Coming out is personal, can be filled with some trauma, and often is a two steps forward and one step back sort of process. I think he felt uncomfortable being "blamed" for changes that were going on in your life. Go ahead and get your business done, and then see if you can reconnect with him after.
Dude he is trying to get attention. What he does with it once he has it remains to be seen.   If I were you I would risk it.
You need to plug in to gay groups and hang out. It will help dispel your doubts and shore up your confidence.   I heard a gay pastor say that God created gay people to show the world that loved defied all limits.   Remember that saying "I am Gay"* is just about the most powerful change that can be made in a persons life. It is an AFFIRMING change that embraces LIFE, TRUTH, and your undeniable sexual DESIRE. it says to the world that you will not be ashamed of who you are, nor will you keep quiet about who you want to be with. You will be proud of being who you are because gay is who you were meant to be.  You embrace love and open yourself to relationships and sex, this is what the straight kids are doing and no one bats an eye.     *LGBTQ- trans or whatever your gig is
Well, that was a lot.   Look, you are really on to something here, and you should hang onto it. The reality is that you have developed coping skills. You sense a deadfall trap in front of you and actually remind yourself that negative self talk is bad for you.    Stop. End of story. Don't back up, don't reverse, just hold it. That was some really good shit,many most of the time behavior modification employs just these type of observations and directed focus.    Now you, sensing that you have some coping skills, you don't stop, you forge ahead and discount your methods and look for reasons to still engage in some negativity. Stop. Go back, use the coping skill, you acquired it because it is necessary to your survival.   Lastly, you will meet someone, but guess what? Since straight people represent 95% of the population, there are exponentially more partners for them. Let's do the math. 320 million * 95%  result / 2 = 166 million straight men and 166 million straight women. NOW out of the remainder you got about 1/2 gender male who are gay or 8 million. The absolute truth is that it takes gay men longer because there are fewer of us and spread out over more of the population. A straight guy doesn't have to worry if the chick he is crushing on is straight, odds are, she is. A gay dude has to check quite a few more boxes to get laid, and even more to find Mr. Right.   So chill, your life doesn't suck, it ain't you, it's ok Bro. Hang in there, and maybe you can find some one willing to go around the playground with ya!
I will not date anyone who is not out. Fuck that shit, hide yourself, I will be over here waving a flag and fundraising for gay rights.
What a tool you can be.   Dude, he is doing the right thing.  Get a handle on yourself for a moment and respect that he is right.   In the current legal climate where we live a DUII can be assessed even if blood alcohol is zero. All it takes is admission of ingestion of intoxicants.   So you can drink a sixer or a twelve and still be coherent, well great, that makes you in denial, not makes him a pussy.   Still loving ya, glad your grisly bits of sarcasm still get posted.   But Dayum, stop being so condescending will ya?
