Why the hell does every single article about Bernie Sanders start off with a sentence like "of course he'll never win"?
Thank you. I'm glad somebody has written about this.
There are frequently requests for tutorials around here. I think learning how to read API documentation is probably more valuable.
I would think the summary would be fine use for the metatag module. Isn't it recommended practice that a description tag contain a useful summary?
It's a nice little truck. Not very powerful (the 4 cyl), but it's reliable.
You don't need to use either one. There's too much scent in them anyway. Takes several washes to get the drier sheet smell out of my clothes if someone happens to stick a drier sheet in when I'm not looking.
This is true as I've observed the average size of Costco shoppers get ever larger since we got a Costco.
I prefer the 1000 sheets per roll tp. It lasts way longer than any other kind.
A 1L MSR Titanium kettle is the ONE pot. You can make mashed potatoes, oatmeal, ramen, pasta, mountain house if you're feeling fancy, coffee, pudding or anything you want over your pepsi-can alcohol stove. It's light, the alcohol stove fits inside and you can find a small titanium spoon that fits inside, too. Put this in your backpack and you are good to go, wilderness or wherever.  At home, just get a big frying pan with a lid. Heavy bottom if you want to make steak. 99% of the meals we make at home use a pan and in a pinch, I suppose we could use it instead of a pot for some of the other things.
No no you cannot save money baking your own bread. Because you are compelled to eat it all immediately fresh and warm because it smells so darn good and is so irresistible.
We calculated that printing things at home cost us about $20 a sheet. Ink jet printers--Never Again!
What did you do for money from age 51 to age 59.5?
I use those things and I still don't think my privacy is absolute.
Oh, the hemming I didn't mind. I didn't do a very good job of it. I folded it over only once, ironed it and sewed it. Went for a ride on my scooter wearing the skirt and then had all these threads to cut off that had flapped in the breeze and gotten loose. Seems problematic to fold over twice. The more you roll the fabric, the more the difference in circumference becomes apparent. I'm not sure what to do about that.
I'm glad she found a good home, but part of me also thinks that these pet shops are rewarded for not taking better care of their birds whenever someone rescues one of their worse-off birds.
I think a large amount of people with a full-time job (aka workin' 9-5) actually end up working a hell of a lot more than that.
It should make all of us angry. We regular people are getting the shaft. There's almost nothing left that we can do to attain a middle-class life.
I think there actually is and it's a branch of the teamsters.
I wish we would just get rid of debates all together. And ads. Instead we should allot each candidate a specific amount of time on the air to say their piece. Perhaps have a moderator or town-hall style general public ask them questions, but no debate. Instead of ads, let each candidate present a simple fact sheet of their own position.
I think it's fire. There was a previous picture with fire in the background. I think the fire finally reached the camera.
I'm not a purse-type person at all, but I would carry that purse. That's awesome. I love the two contrasting patterns.
You can taste pretty much anything without dying.
&gt; Going to the gym is the most efficient and cheapest ways to improve my fitness.  Actually it isn't. It costs absolutely nothing to take a walk or go for a jog outdoors in the sunlight. You don't need special clothing and shoes, either. Just something comfortable.
I couldn't listen to even 30 seconds of the video because of that music. Gag.
I believe that was actually the author's last paragraph.
Did you use a pattern or did you draft the pattern yourself? I like the shoulders.
That's exactly where I screamed bullshit. I gave it a few more paragraphs before I just had to close this article.  Being true to yourself means that you don't sacrifice your values to be something someone else wants you to be. You don't have to have a deep and philosophical understanding of your values. You simple have to know when that little knot of indigestion is telling you something. In other words, listen to your gut instinct. If it says "I don't know, this seems shady" or "I really love him/her but I'm not sure I want to give up XYZ for him/her" LISTEN to that.
I believe their unique twist is that they use the domain name only and thus can provide a less heavy means of initial filtering.
Birds should not be allowed to be so cute. It hurts too much!
The feathered, more modern kind are pretty bad, too.
In addition to the stuff about posture and awareness, deadlift. A strong back will help you maintain better posture.
I kinda like that folded side-button waist idea you came up with.
Awesome! The bones on the grill looked good enough to eat, too.
Maybe if Uber really did simply link people together without putting a lot of employer-type demands on drivers then they can succeed and be what they are supposed to be.
You mean it seems like a great way to get on a sucker list that they can then sell to marketers and other campaigns so that you can get bombarded by crappy emails. Right?
Please don't do this. I hate it when people go into the backcountry and build shelters out of the trees. It's not necessary and it's not leave no trace.
Go have a consult with an accountant so you know what kinds of bookkeeping you need to do. You may also want to take some marketing classes. As a business owner you will be more successful if you understand marketing and accounting as that will be your primary focus now, not twiddling around with code. The code is the easy part.
I would like to be doing actual work if I'm going to waste so many hours of my life sitting there.
The best thing to do is learn about responsive design. You probably do not need separate layouts at all.
That article was about a lot more than just bloated pages and long load times. It was pretty interesting. As to his point at the very end, I don't think we can ever go back. I think the passive consumerist overly complicated surveillance web that funnels money and knowledge only one way is only going to get worse. The good old days are over.
Praise the lord, finally something that actually worked! Thank you so much!
People here like to complain about stuff like this but it's your chance to make a difference. Even if the boss has no idea you cleaned it up or doesn't care, you know you made a difference. It feels good.
Bosses don't care about most things that you care about. That doesn't mean you can't still take some pride in having improved something. I find this is how I find joy in otherwise joyless work.
Seriously forget the calories burned while lifting. That's not what weight lifting is for. It's for building new muscle tissue. To build new muscle tissue you must eat enough and you must stimulate the process by lifting weight. The only thing you really need to measure is the weight of what you are lifting. Did you lift more than before or not? If not, you're going to have to adjust one or the other of what you ate or what you tried to lift.  As a woman, and an older one at that, I can tell you that even someone like me who lifts without worrying about the calories ends up solid as a fucking rock eventually. The only thing I worry about is did I lift more. I don't always lift more but my efforts are always toward that end.
College should be free and it should be paid for by corporations. They are the ones demanding an educated workforce and we are all expected more and more to use college as a sort of job-training or job-preparation activity. So if they want educated workers they should pay for it. Otherwise let us learn the stuff that actually interests us and don't make it a requirement for getting a decent job. Most jobs really don't need you to know all that stuff you learn in college.
Companies should train us on their dime and if that comes out as higher prices for whatever the company makes, so be it. If I make software to manage inventory then my company's customers can pay the higher prices. It's worth it to them if they want a decent product. If I teach school (primary or secondary), then the government can pay for my education if it wants educated citizens. Since I as a citizen (and thus the owner of a government that is by and for the people) want educated citizens who will vote with intelligence, I'm happy to pay taxes for this.
You need to climb mountains. Start climbing mountains. As you work your way up climbing ever more technical and ever higher mountains, you will learn a lot about your body and what it takes to climb a mountain like Everest. It sounds like you have zero experience and aren't even physically fit, so start with the mountains closest to you. Start hiking and backpacking and join a climbing gym to learn technical climbing and to meet like-minded people.
I actually think the thing is plastic, not glass.
I really like handpan music. It's got no words, it's gentle and mysterious sounding.
I liked that Obama brought up the changing nature of work and how trends that allow large corporations to obtain labor anywhere in the world as well as the pressures on them to do so are making it so hard for citizens to get and stay out of poverty. I hope that whoever becomes the next president works on this a lot more. In the case of Bernie, I don't know that he has been nuanced enough about it in his message. He likes to frame things very simply in black/white terms. In the case of Hillary I don't really think she cares all that much, or if she does, I think she believes what's good for corporate America is good for everybody, and so she's more than happy to just keep making life grand for corporate America and not pay much attention to the rest of us.
