Exactly. There are never going to be theories we all agree on in this sub. Calling somebody out on it is just rude.
Bethany had a family and was in the grave. The actress for her most likely hadn't been cast. We can assume that the Liars know what Bethany looks like even if we don't.  I have a hard time wrapping my head around Mrs D having twins and Ali. Now Mrs D might have hid Charles (if it's her own) but she wouldn't be careless to have another baby.
People licking their knives. Urgh, it repulses me and I really want to say something to them.
I think it's either Sarah Harvey or Charles himself.
How luxurious. Worth every penny. I would love a homemade bag one day. You've got good taste and know what you want.
I don't think that they would make the connection that Cece wore a yellow top. I actually don't think that Cece was there at all that night.
I thought that it might have been Andrew.
I find it interesting that there are (rightly so) downvotes when it's noticed that a cast member has put on weight. Yet a few of you mock Toby's chin, Sydney's lips, Tanner's hair, Paige's chin, etc. Be nice.
My theory that he was involved in a fire at Campbell farm which got him sent to Radley and why the farm closed down.
No, because he was a doctor when he was dating Melissa before the A shenanigans. If Charles had been doing A stuff before Mona, then Wren would be the world's most useless detective.
I think that Charles thought that she was actually Ali. Maybe he didn't know the real Ali very well.
Maybe Uber A isn't necessarily bad. Maybe they can't control the violent and sadistic Charles. They just have their plan and are trying to get justice. We've seen good people be pushed into doing bad things when they're at their wits end.
Or maybe he kidnapped Sara because he thought that she *was* Alison. Maybe he didn't know the real Ali very well.
I just don't think he's Charles. We can assume that Charles is one of the boys in the home video. I do believe that the boys are Jason and Charles with the baby being Ali. Andrew is the same age as Ali so he can't be one of the boys in the video as he would have been a baby himself.
Downvote for 'duck lips'. Her lips are fine, be nice. I don't like it when you guys mock the actors' looks on here.
Ella Montgomery. She never really put her foot down with regards to Ezra. She was going to marry a guy who she suspected had been inappropriate with a young girl, despite having a young daughter herself. Terrible parent and no wonder Aria is the way she is.  I think Pam Fields is a great parent. Emily is the nicest, stable, and most rounded Liar.
'Men don't really like oral sex. It's a vicious rumour that was started in the '50s'.
I doubt that he would be significantly older enough to be relevant. He can't be Jason's age as people have theorised as you can't pass a kid off as being six years older than they are.
I prefer the light blue shirt as well but personally don't like the olive top. Olive isn't really a flattering colour.
Of course but it's not an easy colour to wear or photograph. I've worn an olive green top and the colour looked muddier in pics. And as it's her engagement photos, I'd suggest a colour that's a bit nicer.
I don't think anyone was shocked about Mona being alive. I just didn't want her to be as I was sick of characters coming back to life. It would have been better if she had vanished. Mona is such a monster. She faked her own death so hurt a lot of people to let Ali take the blame for it. She's as sick as A is.  I knew Sarah would come back.
I don't quite believe this story... It sounds a bit cliche and has elements in it to make you feel rage against his ex wife.
Yea, the story sounds fake to me. Soldier, affair, illegitimate child, conspiracy, etc.
I think that Noel Kahn was Beach Hottie. It's a bit more palatable for that Ali was sleeping with a guy who was actually about her age. It would also explain what she had over him.
If I understood the fetishes then they might be my own, right?
I know that Rosewood parents aren't great but disappearing on your son and husband for a few years and letting them go through the pain of thinking that you're dead is a bit much. She died before That Night.
We don't like Tony Abbott and Peter Costello.
To be fair to Veronica, I think she was genuinely looking out for Spencer's interests. It's frustrating for Spencer but the Hastings family did have a lot of problems with her pill addiction. Hell, Spencer might have hurt someone when she was high.
I interpreted that scene as it being a psychological ploy to suss out Mona. He knew that she would correct him. 'Diagnosis' is a common word and you don't have to be a doctor to be able to spell it. Hell, if Wren was Charles, he would have become very familiar with that word.
I'm very sure that Wren can spell 'diagnosis'. It's a common word and you don't have to be a doctor to be able to spell it. I read that scene as him playing Mona who he knew would correct him and let her feel like she had the upper hand. Or simply, he misspelled it because he's human.
But he was watching her scream and didn't do anything. It could have been an accident at the start but she was underwater screaming.
He would have been old enough to understand when babies are in pain. And if a baby is crying, then they're obviously uncomfortable.   So he was either being kind or cruel but either way, it's still disturbing behaviour. He had had violent tendencies before whether he meant them or not, though, this just happened to be the last straw. The di Laurentis parents aren't great but sending him to Radley would have been the last resort.
I get what you're saying. I do judge young Charles to be sociopathic but not mentally challenged, though. Not Rainman innocent but more a calculating person. I suppose because we see adult Charles as being so deliberate and meticulous.
It would be such a cop out if Wren was A. He was introduced a British med student. Charles is a bit of a superhuman but having him fake a medical degree, get plastic surgery, wear contacts, fake an accent, fake a history, be adopted, secretly fly in from Britain regularly, is a bit of a stretch even for PLL. It seems unnecessary for him to do so and there have been no hints that he did that. For a disguise a beard would do, it would be easier for him to stay in Rosewood or a neighbouring town, he was at uni as that's where he met Melissa, saying that he was from a different state would have been fine.  And he and Jessica had a scene together.  A bit like the Charles transgender theories how people change Cece's gender to fit a theory.
God I hope not. I feel like Ali hiding a baby would be too dark even for PLL. Poor Ali was messed up as it is. I'm hoping Beach Hottie was Noel Kahn as it would be especially horrid if the 'father' was much older.
I can't do a casual blazer. Looks great on other people but I still view blazers as being relatively formal. I can't do a blazer and jeans.
Zach is a nice guy but he's not the brightest bulb in the chandelier. Lane should be with someone more motivated and intelligent.
I often go on my soapbox as I'm passionate about certain topics. Probably more interesting for my friends to read rather talking about the weather, what people had for lunch, or shitty memes. Seeing somebody else's opinion on the same topic is interesting.
OP wants to give it to a happy couple. If they wanted to give it to the needy then they could have sold it and given away cash. There are 'deserving' people on Reddit. They probably give money to charity and nothing wrong with doing a good deed that doesn't involve charity.
Oh? Do you mean that he's gay or just that he's fine enough for men to admire?
Out of all the weird and horrid names on here, this is the worst. I don't believe you or somebody is pulling your leg as there isn't a way that somebody would come up with that name. Horrible drug names you can sort of understand as the drug would have significance to the parent. It wouldn't be somebody with bad English as there isn't a word that comes close in their language.
I used to love the name Claudia because of Claudia Kishi. Got put off by it because of the meaning as well. The name Agnes has a nice meaning though I hate the sound.
Why is it controversial? I'm not a fan as I don't like surnames as first names and some would probably name him after Leonard Cohen.
The worst thing about Seattle is the weather? Sounds like a good place!
Art was okay but Paul was better. What did Art really do.
Beyond your price range (and mine) but I love (Stutterheim)[https://stutterheim.com/global/shop/raincoats] raincoats. But, ebay!
He should have left her and gotten her help if she was serious about it. Breakups are a miserable experience and a lot of people think about suicide but it passes. He needs to take responsibility instead of being a coward and sneaking around behind her back. If she's got serious problems then this isn't helping.
Thanks, Redditing before bed can mean typos. Yea, 'blacks' is a racist term that wouldn't be on any official document.
Poverty meant that she was unwanted and not found. They covered up the monster's crime most likely not out of love for him but fear of getting in authorities. Awful.
That guy is cute whoever he is.
