It's a terrible road. Also prone to awful jams when it's nice weather at weekends and people are trying to go to Scarborough etc.
1) compromise for historical reasons.  2) benefits employees in retail.  But I agree, for corporates and for consumers, I cannot see the benefit.
It's the identity of the EOD man, for me.
Everyone gets burnt once or twice.
Posh restaurants with rooms- very romantic- Yorke Arms at Ramsgill or Black Swan at Oldstead.
Yes, of course they are great fun.  I'm a really old member now of most of my trackers, so in many ways the BP are not so important to me.  The BTN multiplier is really excellent for promotion- at the start you think the BP required are improbably high, then you realise it really rewards long-term seeding.  The PtP system allows you to earn enough BP to keep yourself with enough credit always to download. However, more recently, when I've been experimenting with daily freeleech torrents, I've seen that actual upload earned is much higher.  I totally agree these are much more satisfying systems to experience than ones with a small number of points per day or whatever.
Hmmm. You mean Butlins gave the reviewer a free holiday? They still say Center Parcs is better though....
I agree with your first 3 answers.  Here we basically have furnished and unfurnished.  Very roughly, unfurnished means you need a van to move in and furnished means you don't.  So for furnished you expect bed, yes, closet, sofa, cooker, fridge, usually washing machine, table you can eat off, and some chairs.  Yes, usually there are curtains or blinds or at least something to cover the window.  As the others say, when it's furnished, there is an inventory.  I have been in places where there was stuff like cutlery and crockery, even pictures, but basically it was possessions of the landlord that he did not want to store elsewhere, so rubbish, basically.
UCL is a great university. Do you want to be in Central London? That could be a very good or bad thing about it!
I can certainly imagine somewhere like a bank will have strict standards in that area.
Is there any indication when a WY Metro oyster-style card would come in?  I must say that it is a thousand times more convenient using such a card than PAYG fares.
Well, for sure you'll never be seen cut up. Morticians are expert are making people look better after they have died. And in many cases e.g. road accidents, this can be very challenging. Moreover, in general when one views a deceased person, it is the face that matters- the rest of the person is dressed, and it used to be a tradition to dress the person in their best clothes.  Personally, I think opt out, not opt in, is a good thing. If there were a social expectation to donate, then it would just be accepted and there would be no weirdness or superstition (e.g. carry a card, get run over the next day) about it.
Try /r/vpn or /r/vpntorrents  General advice is that free VPNs should not be trusted, though, as they will rat you out.
Do you mean you offered beer to people you didn't know?  In the UK, that would be regarded as very strange unless you were in an already-established "party" situation, or maybe you'd already got into friendly conversation with people.  EDIT: is it possible the people you offered beer to were already drunk?
Gave them 5/5 for the location though!!
I agree with your comment about the "litigation" thing.   However, I think almost everyone posting about suing people has no idea what it actually involves.
I'm afraid that isn't very fast by modern standards.
Wow! You are one conscientious mod!!
My experience is that people in traffic situations, whether driver or pedestrian, thank one another or acknowledge 'I understand you have been inconvenienced' rather than 'Thanks for doing something you did not have to.'  Also, with respect to zebra crossings, because the rule is the driver is only obliged to stop if the pedestrian is ALREADY on the crossing, then stopping when the pedestrian is still waiting on the pavement (sidewalk) IS a nice thing to do.  I'm sure the thanking gesture has been here since forever, and maybe exists in many countries...
Yeah, as a champagne socialist paper it's good at doing that.
The incredible lack of helpful responses suggests to me the reddit demographic consists of spillers not wiper-uppers.
Doesn't need dampening, just needs a bit of modification!!  It's just about how you define 'British.' Just 'cos it was older doesn't mean it was boring.  Vikings basically started attacking 'us' (I am British) from just before 800AD. We would say that 'us' at this time were the Anglo-Saxons, who had already driven the Celtic British (now Welsh, Cornish) west and south. They started by raiding, but then they kinda stayed.  Through the century they established a kingdom that is roughly what is N and E of a line between Liverpool and London.  So a lot of modern-day 'British' have Viking blood, especially in the old Viking kingdom (that came to be known as the Danelaw). So Vikings did a mixture of two things- settle + farm, and raid+ attack.  Sometimes they got national "protection money" for not doing the attack + raid bit- this ransom was called Danegeld.  Under Alfred the Great, the Anglo-Saxons got their act together, beat the Vikings, got kinda symbolic overlordship over them and the two parts of England kinda lived in peace for a bit. There was a very famous ruler of the Viking bit called Eric the Bloodaxe.  Gradually the Anglo-Saxon bit got stronger and between about 950 and about 1010 it was all ruled by the Anglo-Saxons.  Then, because the Anglo-Saxon bit got weaker, partly because of a king called Ethelred the Unready (=means badly advised, not that he had his pants down), so for most of the period 1013-1042 the Danes ruled all of England, and their most famous king was Canute.  Then the Anglo-Saxons got back, and in 1066, for complex (but interesting) reasons, the Vikings tried invading from the North and completely independently, the Normans (who were originally Vikings that had settled in N France - Norman = North-man) invaded from the south.  King Harold beat the Vikings in the North, marched his men back down but lost to the Normans at Hastings in 1066 and that's where, traditionally, English history starts.  There are a lot of great stories- maybe myth, maybe true or some mixture about this whole Saxon v Viking period.  Alfred and the Cakes  Carving the white horse (in the hillside).  Canute and the Waves  Edward the Confessor and killing Earl Godwin with the piece of bread.  Harold and the arrow in his eye (Bayeux Tapestry)  Personally I think the period AD450-1066 (between when the Romans left and when the Normans arrived) is fascinating and more 'story-worthy' than what happens after 1066. Cos let's also not forget King Arthur. Many think he was a real guy who tried to fight with the Roman-influenced Celtic British against the invading Saxons.  Actually, then go back to Roman times and there is a weird thing where a whole Roman legion, the 9th, disappears from the historical records completely. Some people think that happened in Britain because a mysterious eagle standard was found in Britain- if you look up 'Eagle of the Ninth' you will see a famous novel (now several times adapted) about it.
Yes indeed, you are quite right to correct me, and one might argue that had the referendum been for a truly proportional system, it might have gone better for the anti-FPTP side.
Indeed, like /u/Caruckster I've never ever come across this as a racially directed insult.  However, it may well be a non-racial insult.
Unlike Man of the People Boris  of course.
Yeah, as people we all get along fine. There is a maybe little bit of serious hatred of the English in some pockets of the country.  But sporting rivalries are deep. And all the other nations' supporters hate England, since England is bigger and 'the one to beat.'  Because all the non-English are ancestrally mostly or partly Celtic, there may be a certain ganging up against the English also.  But of course, take Euro 2016. England supporters are also delighted the other 2 home nations and the Republic [of Ireland] also made it through.  I hate the Welsh, but I hate other foreign teams more. But of course we see players from all over the world playing in English football. So many in other teams are familiar too.
OK, looked now. People who do this deserve to have the same done to them, really.
I doubt it would have any effect at all, to be honest.  Visa is all.
Unsurprising the Lib Dems think the number of votes you get doesn't matter.
Sadly, banks make money from corporate customers, not from private individuals. If HSBC could shed ALL its high street customers, it would be happy. IMHO the world is a very bad place.
Actually, that's a good question.  Who is more repulsive, Campbell or Boris?
Yeah, the other person and I are saying Sturgeon is totally playing the media here, so completely neutral reporting of what people say ends making the Scot Nats look better and better.
People have no idea what they voted for.
Things tend to go up and down every day, because if things go down, people who trade actively come in for a bargain, and if things go up, they profit-take.  However, I am grateful for any day of up.
Discussions like this between the two of you is why I love this subreddit and it's certainly my favourite corner of reddit.  Good that after all the political distractions of the last few days, the key questions can be talked about again.
I'm with you in observing the extreme fussiness of cats.  But apparently they say that in the wild, it is likely one type of prey is most abundant, so the kittens get used to that, know it is safe, and so have very specialised taste buds.
And actually, although I can't speak for the Dutch, the French are an arrogant lot also who hate us as much as we hate them, and so they are all a BIT like Marine Le Pen.
OK. Here goes.  1) In the short term, everyone KNEW there would be disruption, so the current downturn and the bad forecasts are just the price we pay for uncoupling.  2) The European project of greater convergence is not one that a majority of the UK population have really EVER believed in, since it was thought up and executed by foreigners, and above all for their benefit, to bring peace and prosperity to what was in the 20th century (and before!) a terribly troubled continent.  Simply by being an island, we escaped some of the bad consequences of that and certainly the worst one- genocide.  3) We remain the best possible bridge between the big economies of the rest of the world and Europe. Our language and cultural traditions help; we are linked with all parts of the world already and can build on that.  Take the analogy of the Pound and the Euro. We have benefited by not being linked to the currency troubles of the Eurozone.  We are therefore potentially in a position to have a non-aligned, outward-facing identity as an entrepot and financial centre, while preserving our specialness, acquired through a very long independent history free from invasion.  4) In 5 years' time, we may therefore have recovered from the current looming problems and be in a position to inch ahead of Europe.  5) This depends on a very favourable outcome to the exit negotiations. For me, it actually means keeping the free market, but that's another story.
I mean, don't get me wrong. I think Cameron's attitude of 'You made this mess, you clear it up' is 100% right. But he certainly didn't say: 'If I lose, I will go.'
It's bad for OUR economy, that is the problem.
OK- one problem. Goods is not the issue. Our economy is only 22% goods, the rest (78%) is services.  What we need is free movement of services and CAPITAL, because our economy depends on financial services currently based in the City of London.  Customs Union will not be sufficient for us.
I love Helen Hunt, actually. Definitely my favourite Hunt.
Markets recovering: short term yes. Don't know how much the Bank of England has had to do. Also has to do with the fact the brexit trigger has not yet been pulled.  Impossible to tell long-term. But yes, I'm grateful they are not lower.  Pound recovering: no it isn't. If it goes back up to 1 dollar 50 we can say it's strong again.  EU army: no views on that being bad anyway.  Turkey; Germany, Austria and Switzerland have tons of Turkish Gastarbeiter and they are obviously doing OK.  Faith in our country and its people: sadly, it's the vote itself that makes me lose faith the most. Irrespective of the economy and immigration, a lot of people clearly wish to feel separate from Europe. that makes me feel separate from them.  For me it's trivially true the EU brings a ton of benefits, and that post-Brexit, it's the poorer parts of the UK that will suffer. If 17 million people think otherwise, I myself feel excluded and separate from my own country.
You really can't support more than one team in a given league.  You can like some teams more than others.  You can only hate a few teams.  You can, in any given match, prefer that one team wins (I mean, when that match has no bearing on what is happening to your own team).  But actually supporting a team is deep and tribal. It means everything to me if my team wins or loses. It doesn't make sense to be able to support more than one.
You have no idea?  That is unacceptable!  I visit this sub because you are the Guru here.  You cannot let your followers down.
The fact you're glad "vvhat got rekt" is just sad. It makes you the kind of person who was pleased the Library of Alexandria burned down.  Basically, what was an incredible resource, there was no library of music remotely like it anywhere else. (I have to say, rutracker does a great job as a public tracker).  It had the rules it did to keep stuff being uploaded, to keep requests being filled and above all to keep stuff seeded for ever.  We are lucky that new communities have arisen, but it will be a while before any of them can be as big or as good as what.  Incidentally, plenty of what torrents (and other private tracker torrents) 'leaked' onto public trackers. Things were shared like that all the time.
It's bound to cost less to fix it yourself, as once you have handed it back, you are at their mercy what they charge. Or, to put it more 'officially', they will pay full whack to themselves and pass on the cost to you.
Likewise, so, OK, I'll bite on that one.  Not sure that in the last ten years, I can think of obvious long-term financial investments or ways of using one's money that are more rewarding or less risky than any other. The current financial environment seems so 'mature' that everything has got incredibly marginal, unless one is lucky.  Amazon Prime? Yes, probably, if that's your lifestyle.  A decent accountant? Definitely, but I don't think too hard to find.  Trustworthy tradesmen? Yes, absolutely. But initially that might involve trial and error, since word of mouth is usually the best recommendation.   Housekeeper? Get you!!
My God!  Just looked at his images.  How right you are....
She might be ill.  Worried people lash out.  Or, indeed, she could be a nasty piece of work.  Who knows?
