Just lift more than them with better form.
Possession is 9/10 of the law, almost-Kanye.
She's 19 and looking for the answer she wants to hear. She'll keep posting until she finds it.
I'll just judge everything.
Quick match is the worst thing in the history of everness. Ignore it.  Just message people you're interested in, put them out of your mind, and be pleasantly delighted if they happen to message back.
I think anyone who has ever felt love and subsequently found themselves *not* in love will respond in some degree of the following two ways: (1) either it's kind of like how women who have multiple children describe childbirth, in that their minds erase all of the pain of heartbreak (like the pain of labor) to experience all of the beauty that love has to offer again or (2) the heartache was so traumatizing that they can't imagine enduring it again, kind of like professional football players and concussions -- the next could be the one that ruins you forever, and any semblance of the life or happiness you once had could be gone.
The fact that other people are monsters doesn't change the fact that exes are usually exes for at least one significant reason.
I like it when they have seemingly random items listed that add to a comfortable or enjoyable human existence.  Examples include, but are not limited to, things like automatic ice makers, alarm clock coffee machines, and online banking.
I find it more charming and creative.  Everyone wants an ice-cold drink on a hot summer day, but does anyone want to be bothered with filling the ice trays? No one can live without coffee, but the truly dedicated are the ones who program it to brew five minutes before they wake up. And anyone who prioritizes online baking over waiting in line to chat with a surly bank teller, saving them precious minutes to hang with me instead, is a person after my own heart.
Everyone knows that brioche or pretzel buns prevail over ciabatta.
Having a comfy pad is more important than a comfy, squishy bag. I need to upgrade my tent waaaaay before I think about a new bag, though. Even when I split the poles/tent with someone else, it's a pain. Way too heavy for backpacking.
Instagram messages are always creepy.  Maybe she hasn't logged into Tinder because she's on vacation and not thinking about dating much. Have you tried messaging her there? It's possible she's had no reason to open the app.
Is seeking medication/therapy not working on yourself? Those things create significant changes in behavior, mood, and emotions.  It might not be a "fix," but neither are insulin injections for diabetics.
Where do you think the extra pounds come from? For most people, excess weight is not the flaw, it's an external symptom of an internal flaw (often things like depression or anxiety).  Losing weight might fix how attractive others perceive someone, but it won't necessarily fix the person.
If Shrek can find love, so can you.
Have you tried Hush on Netflix? I'm not usually a fan of horror, but this is such a well-executed film.
It doesn't really use gimmicks that other films in the genre rely on. I also really like the representation of disability and its role as a plot device. It's more clever than most, though I admit that it's a teensy bit predictable at times.
In what world do women prefer to be called plump?
Listen up, OP.  Women like adventure, not handsome men.
idk, you kind of sound like an adorably entertaining trainwreck to me  hot toddies all around!
Someone might find the weird endearing.
That's a decently big day! You deserve a drink and an early bedtime.
After 2-3 lackluster back and forths? Sure do. My brain needs to be fondled.
Your profile isn't bad, but it's not good, either. It doesn't show much personality at all (e.g., you tell the reader/potential match things about you that they should inevitably be able to deduce for themselves based on the things that you write). The six things section is one place where you can really let your creativity shine, and you left it out completely.  You live in a place where fit dudes are a dime a dozen, and while your photos aren't bad, there's nothing that really sets you apart in the profile as a whole. It's kind of boring. In a place where women in your target demographic are scarce, you've really got to sell yourself.  Example: you love all things science, art, and music. Instead of just saying that, maybe highlight one thing specifically that you like for each or an anecdote about each as it pertains to your life/interests. These would also play super nicely in the message me if section as potential date ideas (you want to go to X exhibit at the local art/science/whatever museum with me, you think it would be fun to go rock hounding at X geological site, et cetera).
A lady doesn't bang and tell.
While you're not wrong, I prefer my interpretation.
company &gt; activity  Every time.
You should marry him.
tbh, her attitude doesn't seem shitty to me. She seems frustrated, and from the looks of her post/comment history, she's probably relatively new to online dating.
Pinky promise it's not weird.
That is not what this post says.
Interesting interpretation.
You are a beautiful human.
It's fine. You love me. That's all that matters.
You're still the sweetest peach on the tree.
You have such an adorably sweet smile.
It's really hard to grow without failure. You seem to be doing pretty okay.
They always schedule it that weekend in celebration of me, duh
I like when people demonstrate that they're excited about me, so I think you're being silly.
Don't tell me how to live my life.
&gt; is so morally reprehensible  Ethically, too.
Stubborn, doesn't attach easily/unattaches easily, pretentious, insufferable know-it-all, etc etc etc
You make prettier pies than me.
I wouldn't lie about your pie aesthetic.
&gt; lack of drive to pursue things I want  Didn't you lose a bunch of weight recently?  We can't be driven in every aspect of life.
To be fair, this is still demonstrative of pursuing something you want.  That said, since things aren't black and white I will permit you to claim this as a flaw.
&gt; Is this a good idea?  Nooooo.  Set some boundaries, man. You're clearly not okay with being friends with her, and she doesn't want you romantically -- she dumped you.  &gt; I'm pretty lonely, and I want her to miss me.  Do you want *her* to miss you, or do you just want someone to miss you? There's nothing wrong with being lonely -- it happens to all of us. You're not going anywhere with this one, though.  Take a break from dating or date some other people, but whatever you do, definitely take a break from interacting with this girl.
&gt; I am a size queen about my mountains tho  Have you missed me rolling my eyes at you?
&gt; and her English was actually good  Bar's set so low you could roll over it
Are you sure you're not already Mormon? This sounds like a home visit.  Are you wearing a white button-down shirt and a black tie right now? Have you heard about our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ?
