The misuse of quotation marks in pointing out their spelling error doesn't reflect well on you.
Compliance doesn't sell tickets.
In addition to that, even if you could "fix" them with counseling, they still have to live in the world with a body and mind that don't match, which means they'll always be some kind of an outcast. A trans woman with male anatomy trying to get fitted for new lingerie? Awkward. A trans man having to sit to pee? Also weird. Those small, daily reminders that you don't quite fit in basically ensure therapy will be a lifelong necessity for a lot of people. Yeah, they can love the body they have, but they can't make everyone else accept it and can't change that the world isn't designed for them. Surgery eliminates that.
Aww, shucks. Roy didn't do anything that wasn't in the best interest for those kids. *sniff*
He knew exactly as much as he wanted to know.
Not that I'm disagreeing with your overall point, but why would you expect the LA Times to respond to a random person calling in about this?
This is why LeBron will never match Jordan IMO.
Unless you're an environmental expert, there's just not much room to criticize here IMO.   You're assuming they're downplaying a major issue because they have some interest in keeping tourist beaches open. Honestly, that seems a bit ridiculous to me. They have nothing to gain from shutting down a story about a major public health issue. In fact, they'd likely want to do the opposite. If they had credible sources confirming it was a public health risk but nothing was being done, they'd e all over that. That's the kind of story that can build a journalist's reputation and help a career take off. That's te kind of reporting that draws national attention to a publication and starts conversations about awards.
True, but Andy Lee took a step back last year. He's still good, but you have to wonder if he's still elite.   A reliably above-average punter is valuable, but is it worth nearly $4 million on a team that's clearly rebuilding? I don't think so. Lee's value to the 49ers was far lower than what it was when he signed that contract.
Makes a link between Starks and WW seem more likely IMO.
A Skyrim-like game that depicted Robert's Rebellion…I'd buy that.
No. But that's the source of the joke.  I'm sure PetCo has strict rules, too. The point, I suppose, is that these big box corporate pet stores are maybe not always the best place for a pet.
I would guess an independent groomer with one or two employees would be less likely to have that kind of irresponsibility than a corporate system where employees could feel more like cogs in a machine.
This.   He says she never shares fantasies but doesn't say she's ever turned him down. Has he even tried to mix it up, or is he waiting for her to do it?
Abhorrent on so many levels, but we should call him what he is. Going after a 15-year-old is illegal. It's rape. But it isn't pedophilia.
Truth
But seriously, why hasn't that mom been reported to child services yet?
Which explains why the perv is doing this from Germany.
I wouldn't hate the 49ers throwing their hat in the ring.
Her opinion is that people of different races should be treated differently. That opinion has a real effect on her ability to do her job.   Opinions on what adults should be able to do in the privacy of their own homes is not the same. Supporting the end of marijuana prohibition in no way affects her ability to do her job. Pro-marijuana beliefs won't lead to students being treated any differently. Likewise for same-sex marriage. At best, there would be indirect effects in the minds of the uber-conservative.   What she posted, though, is a clear indication that she believes white students and black students shouldn't even be in the same classroom. What's she going to do if a black student and white student get in a fight? Or if she has a difficult parent-teacher conference with a black parent?   A better analogy would be if she was proposing banning the gays and drug users from sending their children to her classroom. Which would also be awful.
Fuck all those people.
I'm sure it's possible to be an ignorant and racist teacher and still do the job well, but I'd rather those types not teach my kids.
Generally I agree, but even on a bad team, a quality line is important IMO. Harder to develop young players when the line sucks.
A certain kind of person loves to criticize liberal approaches to kids playing with toy guns. Spineless hippies that won't let their kid have a toy. Socialist school administrators who flip out at just the mention of a gun. Try suggesting a ban at Wal-Mart on toy guns and see what happens.   And then those same types turn around and say it's Tamir's fault because he shouldn't have had the toy.
Probably right.   And what should probably happen is the cops show up and calmly explain why it's a bad idea.
Nothing except it scares people so they throw it on any attempt at fearmongering.
How long do you think it takes to get to that salary? That's the absolute highest a teacher can go after multiple degrees and a couple decades on the job.   $37k is more than new teachers make in 38 states. A $30k/year job at 22 isn't the worst thing in the world…except when you see your peers getting twice that in the private sector. Or when you see mail carriers make more than that on day one with no degree or debt. Or when you calculate your hourly wage and realize you'd make more as a waiter.   Teachers aren't living below the poverty line. That isn't the point. The point is that anyone who has talent can easily make more in the private sector, which leads to a public education filled with teachers who are there because they have no other option. Teachers aren't paid well relative to what they'd be worth in other jobs, and they're not compensated well relative to their ability against their peers. The best teacher gets paid the same as the worst.
You're really struggling here, aren't you?  It's not that it's a horrible job. It's that it's far less than what talented people would get in other fields. As I already said, you can live a comfortable lower-middle class life as a teacher. But that's basically the peak for most people. If you're content with that, great. Most talented and intelligent people aren't.   You clearly have never done it. Your entire argument is based on numbers on a computer screen.
Thank you for repeatedly proving the point.   People like you are why we have teachers like this woman.
&gt; Oh fuck off.   I see you're a mature one. Hope your summer break goes well.  &gt; Teachers these days complain about the system but never do anything to throw a wrench in it.   Because the ones who would want that change the most are often the ones who leave the profession or avoid it in the first place. Many who remain are content with an inadequate system that encourages mediocrity. And when teachers do push for change, they get push back even harder by a society full of pricks like you who don't respect them enough to enact any positive reform.   &gt; They sit idly by while the administrators fuck everything up, enact zero tolerance policies and all sorts of other horseshit.   Except when they don't. I could list examples of districts where teachers pushed back against bad policies, but you should be able to find those on your own if you're actually interested in having an informed opinion on this instead of just spouting ignorant bullshit.   You won't find any more resistance to bad policies in any other field. People have a tendency to comply with new rules set by people who can have them fired.   &gt; Much like cops you take a civil service job you should be more interested in helping society than a paycheck, a higher standard is to be expected.  And much like cops, the rewards don't match the demands of the job, so we end up with teachers who are ill-suited for the profession. In the real world, the amount of people who will accept the abstract rewards of civil service in lieu of a better paycheck is far lower than the amount we need. You can't send your kids to college on good deeds.
Because Kanye fuckin West needs to sneak in anywhere.   Not buying this. He got in because he's Kanye.
Just a regular creepy uncle with a football dream forever unrealized.
I don't think you get what wanting it both ways actually means…
The *idea of teaching* isn't respected, and good ones are lumped in with the bad by the system and society. Society does not value the role teachers play.  And because of that, a lot of talented would-be teachers find work elsewhere.   Very simple ideas that have flown well above your head, apparently.
I was going to go with rapey, but Uncle Rico never raped anyone.
And then there are cases where cultural appropriation is actually offensive, such as white people casually donning American Indian headdresses. Commit genocide, systematically wipe out almost all traces of what culture remains … and then adopt their deeply spiritual cultural icons as a fashion statement? Sure. Why not…
Sarcasm noted. But:  http://www.mtv.com/news/1837578/why-you-should-not-wear-headdresses/ http://www.theguardian.com/fashion/2014/jul/30/why-the-fashion-headdress-must-be-stopped http://www.cosmopolitan.com/style-beauty/fashion/advice/a38218/native-american-headdress-music-festival/ http://nativeappropriations.com/2010/04/but-why-cant-i-wear-a-hipster-headdress.html  Complaints about cultural appropriation are almost always stupid. But there are some lines decent people don't intentionally cross. Turning other cultures into caricatures for your own casual entertainment is generally one of those lines.
I mean, I'm not a fan. Mostly because their music is kinda bad.   Being upset is a choice, in a way. So is continuing to be a dick when you learn that you're being offensive by treating someone's sacred objects as a hat or dressing up as caricatures for a minstrel show or the like.
As far as I'm concerned, the Lost World and JPIII do not exist. This is the real sequel.
Or enough money to get you killed by someone who has almost everything.
The worst is when I see product placement in real life.   All those fucking kids with their beats headphones at the mall really piss me off and detract from the realism of real life. Like, why can't kids today wear made-up brands?
Lots of worthless fucks on tigerboard, but not many who actually support DGB in that case. You go to any fan board after a star gets arrested, and you'll find abhorrent comments directed at the victim. And you'll also find a lot of tongue in cheek "snitches get stitches" comments. At the time those comments were posted, though, I don't believe anyone knew it was a domestic violence situation.   Also, Lawrence Phillips.
With as much contact as there is, you think those germs aren't getting spread already?  This is why we have immune systems. A little bacteria from a healthy mouth isn't going to hurt anyone.
I'm not predicting it or anything, but LeBron and Love are both on a player option…
*LeBron best ever!*  More your speed?
I haven't seen it yet, but more subtle grammar corrections was high on my wish list.
China and much of Asia has gone without dairy for thousands of years already. Most of them can't handle it as a result. I'm not going to worry about their dairy industry. The rest of the milk-drinking world has been doing fine without China's contributions.
When they're using California water to do it, yeah, I'll tell them what to eat.  They don't need it. We're using a scarce resource to grow unnecessary crops.
I see you struggle with sarcasm.
Don't we pay farmers NOT to grow stuff in this country?  I imagine there are ways to make sure we're all still fed without wasting California's water.
