What idiots
Wow, that's really cool! You should do an AMA
By the twitching of her feet, I'd guess about running!
Did a shitton lot better than I did
Makes two of us
Wow. Amazing
This is despicable. I can't fathom how this officer thought this was even remotely rationalized.
Are you an engineer or scientist? You're very intelligent. Thank you for the information even if I didn't understand chunks of it.
I hope you get to keep your kid :(
Lol. Believe me, it's a very pretty turtle.
Are you serious. Two minutes, gone... :(
That's amazing. This is why I freaking love science.
You're a good writer. The way you describe things makes this 10x better. &gt; sausage Dead.
GENIUS! So, waffles or pancakes?
That's fucking amazing
I read your username and thought this was /r/metaldetecting for a few moments...  I love catfish
&gt;When you look like a leather couch you're doing something wrong.  Holy shit my sides
That was beautiful.
I cannot fathom how someone can be like "I don't care if my entire ass is out"
That is way too perfect to be legit
Dude this guy's work is terrifying yet awesome!
They're ADORABLE that's what they are
What happened to your nail? That looks painful
Holy fuck dude. You're as red as watermelon!
That ending 😂
This is sad :(
There's no such thing as a stupid question, only someone too stupid to ask it.
Ohhhhhh fuckkkkk.  That must've hurt...
Love it!
I'm so glad! :)
I'm gonna take a shot in the dark here and say he likes mechs.
Aww!
That's a hell of a lot better than I could ever do!
I like the futuristic fighter pilot
Also, that artist that you had favorited with all the wolves, foxes, and such? STUNNING
Wow, you're a great poet.
I really like this. I wonder how it'd look with a black background.
Oh wow. What a beauty!
Wow, you're really talented! I could see the second one in a book
Good Lord that was fantastic
That's adorable!
That's really nice :) I hope you succeed a lot in life
Holy crap that's fuckin' gorgeous
Am I the only one who sees a picture of something that looks like SuperJail?
I love Chinese dragons
You need a hug bro?
Woah calm down there Satan
Are they safe to handle?
Looks like I won't be getting one then &gt;_&gt;
Fuck Mengele.... I hope he's burning in Hell
