I hate sexual mods.
If you're good, the game doesn't punish you, it rewards you.
What is it about kids that they just don't get humour?
That would be infinitely better.
When you say feminism is about equality, but you *refuse* to use the term ~~*equalist*~~ *egalitarian* you are very loudly implying that males are the problem.    THERE.
Wait, you guys think the US president can actually do things?
All I said was it wouldn't have hurt to have the ad's "main character" be something different for a change.    Why y'all riled up?
Play Fallout 3 or New Vegas in third person with the crosshairs turned off. Seriously, go try it. The whole experience is different.
The most noticable difference between the old ones and the Bethesda/Obsidian ones, in my opinion, is that in the first games, the whole americana art deco plastic fantastic retro future 50's vibe was more of a subtle background and menu kind of thing. The setting was just... a post apocalypse wasteland desert, played straight. It was more Mad Max than anything.  Bethesda took that "cold war nuclear age" aesthetic and expanded it to be the entire tone of the game.
You know, that *is* really good, but not even from a comedy perspective. It's a heavy episode that deals with a lot of Bart's emotions and connections to other people.
Uhh, the standards are that religious nonsense should in no way ever supercede the laws of a nation because it's literally superstitious hogwash and I feel like I'm taking crazy pills having to stand around and nod an "yes of course your beliefs are valid" to absolute nonsense like it's real.
DO NOT. DROP OUT. OF SCHOOL. YOU FUCKING *MORON*.
No, they really aren't. Religions are a form of human culture. Because culture isn't what is written, culture is what is practiced.
&gt;Alternately, you can just go straight to the root of the problem: don't let players create characters who would reasonably work at cross purposes.    But then I'm punishing them for badwrongfun.
I don't judge religions period. They're just false worldviews.
Something because god is a god and the universe is just a place.
Dawkins keeps touching the poop and I *cannot fathom why*. You're a renowned biologist and author! You have money and a life! Why are you engaging with these people!?
Naw cause she's a white WOMAN.
You people are all insane. Is a YouTube show guys.
Gross. How Gauche. Skulls everywhere, and no one laughs at anything.
That artwork is god awful.
Adam, you spend as much time in your stuff defending your opinions as you do stating them. Stop worrying so much. Make your case and roll with it.
Maybe before you bitch and moan about imperialism you should give back that computer.
Hardly. People change, and there's nothing wrong with her appearance.
You can't mandate the behavior and beliefs of people. Only laws.
No because sexism. Duh.
&gt;the only way for Canada to compete in manufacturing, is by reducing labour standards to match what exists in China, Mexico, etc.  &gt;And saying that the workforce should move to something else is short sighted, since that something else will just get outsourced like everything else to the lowest bidder.  Not only that, but global shipping is fucking *murder* to the environment.
True AI.  It would mark the day our extinction began.
Surely all cultures eat and have sex.
By that logic we don't understand how anything works, since everything is made of subatomic particles.
Or. OR. And this going out on a limb here. Get a skilled trade.
Hey, all cultures have culture! There's one!
AKA the greatest month in sci-fi movie history.
Even *squall* wasn't "emo", and I've written lengthy diatribes explaining exactly why.
Breaks my immersion. Get your animu out of my elder scrolls.
Something something women's bodies are not property.
Does anyone else hate that smell that some hippies (the pot farmer kind) and hipsters wear? I think it's called patchouli? It *assaults* my olfactory senses, and leaves me with a headache.
&gt;And the cheetah is the fastest land animal on earth, that doesn't make it special in some philosophical sense.    Sure it does. The cheetah is special in that it is faster than any other land animal.
&gt;Also, if she has children the pattern of behaviour ~~could~~ *will* continue.
Well for one thing it isn't a space, it's an event. For another, it's a public parade, so it isn't really safe, any more than just being in a park is.
I'm more upset that they keep making new Links right handed.    FILTHY DEXTRAL SCUM.
Safety isn't about how people feel though. Something is either safe or it isn't. A paranoid person doesn't feel safe anywhere, but that doesn't mean nowhere is safe.
People who are amazing at things don't let those things come to them. They work themselves to the bone every day finding those things, and then work themselves to the bone becoming amazing at them. He would have found something else.
Trans titles aren't about self identification, and I keep seeing it and it's such a weak and self defeating argument. If you're going to frame it as self identification, you lose all legitimacy. There is legitimate medical evidence to prove that being transgender is a real physical thing, rooted in neurology. That is all the argument should be about.    We don't refer to trans people by their correct gender identity because that's what they prefer. Nobody is required to give a shit about what people prefer in the slightest. We do it because we define who humans are by their brain, and that's what they *are*.
&gt;That's new science that not everyone is on board with yet, so why shouldn't I make that argument? If I didn't believe that gender dysphoria was caused by actual differences in individuals' neurology, I'd still respect their wishes.    That's nice of you, but respecting things just because people want you to is neither required nor rational. I don't respect things that aren't real and I don't just agree to things because it's what people want. I would insist on making gay marriage legal even if there wasn't a single gay person who wanted it. Transgenderism is real, being an otherkin isn't. See how it's different? If we just went with whatever people wanted, you'd have to accept that being an otherkin, or being transracial, is just as valid.  &gt;&gt;Nobody is required to give a shit about what people prefer in the slightest.  &gt;What's "required" in life is a very small group of behaviors, none of which make you a decent human being.  You can't complain about people not being decent human beings if that behavior is not required or natural. That's like complaining that it rains because you don't like rain. You can't just say "this is the behavior that I deem 'decent'" as if it's handed down from god and then deride people for not molding to it. What is "decent" to a Japanese person isn't the same as what is decent to the WBC.
If maintaining a healthy weight requires this kind negative acidic mindset I don't even want to bother.
I would like this and the game grumps comics, except the art reminds me of every fucked up creepy paranormal hentai ever.
How dull.
That seems like an insane, convoluted, and miserable way for our world to work.
&gt;Pets get to be on permanent vacation and have their every whim and need catered to (at least the lucky ones)    Not that I'm advocating poor pet care, but I find it funny that anything less than what you describe and you're accused of animal cruelty and being the worst pet owner, when in reality their life in the wild would be relative hell.
