Yeah, that looks much better!
If the rebels have better ships, then surely the imperials should have the advantage of numbers in the air, help even it up
On WA, I kinda wish they would limit the number of Rebel fighters you can have in the air at once.
Brilliant, I love the force choke but you shouldn't be using it in situations like that!
I think Viper droids are just easily to spot because they hover above the ground.
Sounds as if the Galaxy class could be seen as a potential failure
Yeah the Galaxy Class could easily go toe to toe with other know capital ships of the time (pre dominion war that is)
&gt;  I would have rather them kill off O'brien and his family to make space for her.  Wait, what?!
Same with the crew, they leave spacedock as the bright eyed, full of hope and energy, excitement, coming back as cynical, wearied, angry from the experience...  Or just not making it back at all
&gt; If I remember correctly, his crime wasn't that serious  Tbf, He did join a terrorist group
IMO air superiority can make a massive difference to the outcome of a game, especially when the uplink is sitting out in the open, A/Y/Speeders can easily pick off players from above.   Being in control of the sky can help dictate what's happening on the ground.   Plus if you have any Tie fighters still in the air at the final uplink, it means they can take out the speeders before they can attempted to take down a walker with a cable, leaving the rest of us to concentrate on the ground forces
&gt; I imagine a lot of worlds could feel threatened or put off by the insular and, frankly, xenophobic Klingon and Romulan empires so having the Federation around would mean a lot.   I always imagined the Federation having something similar to a NATO with certain non member worlds.
I wouldn't want to mess with Italian Leia.
Wouldn't that be similar ti asking why would someone go to the pub for a few drinks when they can do it at home?  I think the short answer would be its a place people can go to socialise and relax
Yeah the maquis thing was something I didn't get.   Why did they appear to happily accept being fitted out in Starfleet uniforms? Felt like more of a conscription than a willingness
Yeah, I've always wondered that. I mean how long did Riker, Troi and Geordie have to walk about about until they found a sleeping Reg in the Holodeck?
I think she has a point. You could argue that the Federation assimilates cultures, they either force them to change into what they deem as acceptable or don't allow them into the club.  Look at Bajour, it had been mentioned they wouldn't be allowed to be a member of the federation if they reverted back to its culture prior to the Cardassian occupation, with its class system as briefly seen
This EU referendum has been utterly farce from the start. The hate that's been whipped up by the right against immigrants and refugees is nothing short of disgusting
You actually believe that guff you've just posted?
Same, but I do think the default stormtrooper skin is the best.
I keep seeing Axanar fans talk about this 20 minute promo as "real" Star Trek   Go back and watch TOS and early TNG, Axanar is in no way remotely faithful to early Roddenberry Star Trek.  It's basically a war film. Couldn't be further from Star Trek IMO
He gets the job done, you might like how but it gets done
Yeah, Unless it's my imagination I'm sure the Dominion was already aware of the Federation existence
That really should be a special weapon. It makes him invincible for a short period of time
Why should the rebels have another advantage trying to bring down the Walker?   You don't even get punished for snapping the cable. You get unlimited attempted and at least 3 speeders in the air, (not to mention any A-Wings)   Your team should be carrying Ion Torpedo, they make mince meat out of the AT-ST
"Entitled" well it's usually just decent common curtesy to welcome someone.  But demonising them.....
So making money and starting a profit making business from someone else IP falls under the fair use laws   Really?
Bloody Scots, they ruined Scotland!
Spain wouldn't object as it would do real harm to Spanish fishermen not having Scotland (and our vast waters) in the EU
Scotland isn't a region though.  It is a country, big difference
They should just spawn at a random location and players shouldn't be able to pick up the token more than once a game.  It's becoming unbelievable the amount of times I see the same players as multiple heroes during games.
I don't think it would be uncommon for a starship to undergo "sea trials" without be being fully equipped, I wouldn't think it would even be necessary to have a tractor beam or torpedos for a nip around the block so to speak.  Having Kirk and the news team just comes across as nothing more than a PR stunt.   The thing I struggle with the most is believing Starfleet had no other starship within the sector (its Earth after all!) and the Ribbon along with the El-Aurian ships managed to travel into the heart of the Federation without so much as anyone saying a peep.
To be fair, when he's coming towards you. Your only other options are to either, run away or let him kill you.  You had no choice.
The guy is a tadger   Just listening to him, blames everyone else, refuses to take any responsibility, can't understand why everyone else didn't unite under him.  Sometimes I need to remind myself, Axanar is only a 20 minute short film.... He's talking about CBS buying Axanar and making millions from it.
I always felt the story and setting was a bit weak.
Bit random, but the one thing I really like about this film, was them ditching the bubble shield effect
Big Map - Easily Hoth, Just loving running about that map   Worst. Endor. Don't get me wrong, it is beautifully done, but I really struggle to find my bearings in it, Sometimes I even struggle to see the walker
That is incredible to watch, but I would imagine utterly terrifying to be sitting in the thing at the time.
I wish. Chances are it will be on Sky Atlantic.
Why wouldn't the computer understand him?   The world is full of regional dialects. I'm pretty sure anyone who can master faster than light travel can invent a computer that will understand different accents
To be fair, Battlefront 2 was a great game, it's easy to understand why you'd get excited
Not to mention the money was also being used to start a for profit business.   He was literally using the Star Trek brand to make money  I don't think people would have such a problem with it, if this was a non profit fan film, With all donations going into the film.
Wait, you've seen a trail for Discovery? Please do share   Guess it comes down to opinions, but from what I've seen of Anaxar it doesn't look anything special, looks more like a war film than a Star Trek show.
Union of the crowns 1603 say otherwise.  The King (or queen) does not hold the title King of England.
You just know if NI held a similar referendum to us, they wouldn't have every English MP and celebrity going over and begging them to vote against leaving the UK and how we are "Better together"
What difference does it make that his friend was Jewish?
Hurray.....  We are fucked.
Behave.
England are our neighbours... not the UK government   You do understand the difference?   Next you'll be telling us having a go at Donald Trump is anti American.  Hopefully you're just attempting to troll and failing badly here.
You've spelt it out rather well.  You're a shite troll. We understand.
