r/DrunkGirls is pretty good.
Any dumbass can edit a wikipedia page.  That doesn't make it true.  Special effects existed since the beginning of film.  CGI didn't come around until the '80s.
It’s not genuine unless you type it like this: Breeder Bullshit™.
You’re still crazy, but not for that reason.
I believe you anchor to the building every third floor.
Kraft Singles aren't even real cheese.
I would not build a Z97/DDR3 system unless it was out of random parts I found.  DDR4 has been out for what, two years?
Average.
Saying good buddy can be an insult to the person you're saying it to.  “Thanks good buddy” in a sarcastic tone means “thanks fag.”
Let me guess, mid 20's?
At least they're not debating how quickly they can jerk off every guy in the room.
Because he fucks like it's his job.
It's always the cheerful cartoon character.  They're worse than the clergy.
Or Bill Nye.
Friends are bullshit anyway.  They will always leave as soon as they get an SO.
That would make Tesla roll in his grave even more.
It’s a joke.  He was too smart to be “against” it.
God damn karma whores.
It’s a damn joke people.  They're only making fun of Tai Lopez.  He's been a joke on the internet for two years.
It’s rather tastefully executed.
Men aren't extinct yet, so no.
There's sore losers and there's sore winners.
Not just the smell, but there could be VOCs in the air from all the decaying garbage.  It could literally make you physically ill.
Well it works for my jet ski.
I too enjoy playing the most dangerous game.
But nothing beats Street Fighter 2.
Fat chicks need love too.
How insightful.
“I wish I had a million dollars.”  *Genie steals a million from closest bank.  Still has the dye packs.*
By definition they would be UFO’s.  They don't needs to be non terrestrial.
Never.
What a douchebag.  I love it.
Considering how bad Steam used to be, it's amazing it still exists.
88 was a good year for coke.  Not so much for boats.
Point taken.  Socal can be very pompous at times.
He looks like a ripoff Don Johnson.
I too enjoy crushing sand castles.
High Life sucks.  If store brands made their own beer, it would taste like High Life.
They're not even on par with stoner engineers.
Have you never worked a shit job?
I knew this would be Erik's *Chinese Democracy*.  Still a decent video though.
If they arrested the girl, they should crucify the artist.
“Provide care,” aka work like everyone else.
Kids these days won't understand the struggle.
Are you just doing this for the karma?
Jesus saves.
Jesus, take the wheel and hold my beer.
Sliding off the road never gets old for you?
Exactly what I think about people that take the video for face value.
Not all plastics.  Think about playground equipment.  And that's usually in the open sun, no shade.  A pad for an AC unit would get half as much sunlight, since it's on the side of building.
