I think you think you're over your issues, your trying to be your own counselor which is never a good idea.  One of the great things about seeing a therapist is they can help you see things that you can't see yourself, they are a critical part in the recovery process.  1. Work on yourself. 2. See a therapist. 3. Become happy with yourself. 4. THEN seek out a partner.
I don't have a lot of advice for you...but this line is bullshit  " "well I'm working but I'll come out after, but Dan has a date" and he got pretty annoyed with me. I was teasing him and trying to be lighthearted about the situation."  You weren't being light-hearted...you made a dig at him and were being passive aggressive.
Seems like he only cares about you when you're going to be the spotlight to others.  Oh, a family reunion?  Here, this is my daughter to show off that I love.  Oh, whats that? A wedding? Of course my wonderful daughter is there.  Then when you actually need him, he bails on you. Up to you if you want, he probably just wants to show you off so he can pretend he was actually a father to you in some capacity.
If someone shows that they are selfish and lack empathy, that is only going to be a bigger issue later down the road, when life becomes more stressful and requires more sacrifices.  Jump ship.
Completely agree, however, the vast majority of large cities and suburbs surrounding those cities have leash laws.
You're controlling your temper by suppressing it, not by actually solving the problem.  Also, blaming your mom for how you act is a cop out (even if it is true).  Get in therapy, find out why you are the way you are, get an idea of where this anger comes from, learn about yourself and through that you can start being kinder to others.  Also, an antidepressant might help, sadness isn't the only sign of depression, lashing out/irritability is as well.
Thanks for nitpicking one point in the argument, read the rest of it and get back to me.
The likelihood of your parents changing is very low.  Hell, they probably still like your original name since they gave it to you. I'd just try to let it go.
Thought about getting a dog?  If you're lonely and around a lot, a dog can help a lot with those feelings.  Plus, dog parks are a great place to meet other people as you already have a shared interest and the same people typically come over and over again, hang in there.
I doubt you left out the cheating because of some moral high ground, you just didn't want to fess up to it and have your kids find out about it and your relationship implode in violent fashion.  It probably would have given him a lot more closure on the relationship to know you essentially betrayed him and then decided you wanted a divorce....  Anyway, that's all besides the point, why bother telling him about your current relationship.
The relationship was passionate, it was full of great highs and great lows, that can often be addicting for people as the highs are higher than most relationships get to.
Sounds like you're doing all you can in that realm, sorry he is still so wild :(.  In my opinion, its ok for a dog to be pretty wild at the dog park, as long as he/she doesn't play aggressively, even if he/she likes to wrestle, that's totally cool!
I'd say about 50% attendance from a Facebook invite is pretty standard.
Eh, there will always be a bad time for this stuff.  If anything, she will have the promotion to hopefully help her through this process?  You've been together for 1.5 years, there is no easy way about this.
Great story, also, you sound like a really fun guy to party with.
Everyone in this post is ignoring that they share the same friends group...which is going to make things extremely awkward.  You moved on, casually, to another friend in your friend group.  That is kinda tactless, regardless of how your relationship ended.  If you need to date casually to get over things, expect it to blow up in your face if you go about it in this manner....
Sure, I totally get that.  I don't know, I mean, if he is going to remain in that friend group, it might make more sense to get some 'strange' from online dating, rather than someone else in that friend group.  I don't know...regardless, he's going to be thinking that you had a thing for this 'friend' the whole time and it's just going to make him feel terrible.  I assume that, even though the relationship ended, you still have some level of respect for him.  If you need some strange or whatever, hit up Tinder like the rest of us soulless devils.
Watch what you call my father, sir.
He respects you, doesn't push your boundaries and you love him.  Realistically, you are 19 and will not end up with him....but, this sounds like a lot better situation to lose your virginity in than most cases.    Just make sure you feel ok and it's something you want to do.
When someone tells you what they are, believe them.  Anyway, I can tell you the amount of guys that have a fwb that turns into a relationship...approximately 0.    People have fwb relationships for a lot of reasons.  Mainly because they aren't ready for a relationship or they are willing to have sex with someone but would never want to date them.  Stop doing this to yourself and move on.
This is the age we live in.  Someone is asking for advice on dealing with a girlfriend who is constantly on Instagram instead of living life.  Post comments are filled with people looking for tips on how to get more Instagram followed.  Pls kill me.
Consider that she gets everything she wants at this point.  She married him long enough so she is entitled to a hefty sum in the divorce.  Next, she gets your forgiveness and acceptance.  Money and complete forgiveness, what more could she want?   That being said, it may be worthwhile to hear her out, just to see what excuses she has.
I don't even know if 'dated briefly' is the right term to use here.  You went on one date with her.  One of the more interesting pieces of advice I've heard over the past several years relates to scenarios like these.  It's not a friendship if one of the 'friends' wants to be with the other 'friend' romantically. The nature of the relationship is completely different. Compare it to any of the other platonic relationships in your life and you'll quickly see the difference.  If you want to pine over a girl who uses you for friendship and dates other men, that's up to you.  I'd use your only source of power here, which is to break off contact.    On a side note, the friendship only means so much to you because you're looking through it from a romantic filter, not a friendship filter.
You seem beyond irate at this point and way too hung up on technicalities.  You guys need therapy.  Edit: Also, telling your husband to do something then giving him a hard time about it later is not good.  That's being passive aggressive which is worse than just being clear with your feelings up front.
I think this is one of the very few times I actually enjoyed a comment so much that I laughed.  Bravo!
As long as you're being honest with yourself.  Youre at an age where self image and eating disorders are rampant.  Losing 20lbs in 2 months, especially to such a low weight is...quite a bit.
I kind of look at it this way.  The wedding is about the bride and groom.  Whatever you can do to make their lives easier, you do it.  I'd personally sit this one out...if he is in the wedding and alcohol is his demon, lord knows he'll be drinking at the reception and could potentially cause a scene.  You've absolutely done the right thing by making this decision and you shouldn't have to suffer for it...but I'd still avoid going at this point.
With how expensive education is these days, people absolutely must...must feel that there money was well spent.  There is no other way than college.  If they don't have that to hold onto, they would throw themselves off the Golden Gate bridge.
A relationship should rarely be looked at as a 'waste'.  If anything, you've learned what you need out of a partner and learned a lot about yourself.  Hang in there.
Hah, I actually think you're right tbh.
You're delusional if you think this ends well.  Imagine if your boyfriend was in your shoes, acting the same way with a woman he used to sleep with?  You'd be furious (and rightly so).
This seems to be a common thread in the Indian culture unfortunately.  You're absolutely entitled to feel how you feel...and it seems to be more about how you think she views you more than how many partners she has had.  You want to be someone that she thinks is fun, part of her experience of living life and being happy...not just a safety net.  If you like her a lot, you should give her a chance to speak her mind though.
Do you think he's just scared about working after living his adult life as a 'professional student' to some degree?  I know a lot of people have a hard time with that transition.
Absolutely not...I guess you can offer your other daughter 12k for corrective surgery of her choice as well?  That would be the closest comparison.    Are you sure this is about your husband wanting to give your other daughter 12k or more about him not wanting to spend the money on your daughters eye surgery in the first place?
You're kind of making the situation about you.  You said he is under a great deal of personal and financial stress and wanted the weekend to himself.    Even if it's just picking up a water bottle, that is kind-of impinging on that agreement....and he probably assumes that it was just a reason for you to get to see him and not give him space (then were further angered, by him not seeing you, which is what he asked for in the first place).  Let this be about him.  He wanted the space, you agreed to it and now you're mad about it.  You should be able to be there to support him but people are entitled to personal time as well, especially if they respectfully request it.    As you said, you have your own issues with an abusive father.  I did find it strange that you leapt to your boyfriend being an abuser rather than realizing you might be misunderstanding the situation to some degree based off of the abuse you experienced as a child.  Feel free to leave the relationship but I am guessing this issue is just as much about you and how you are as it is about him.
How many lives do you get?  5, 10, 15?  Wait...1?  Life is too short to be married to someone you're not even sure you want to be with.  You only get one, make it count.
You seem really frustrated but I'm also concerned with how you view women in regard to relationships and their value in them.  To give you the benefit of the doubt, I feel like you're using your current relationship experience to make a blanket statement about most women in general (lazy, don't make any money, don't contribute enough)...you start thinking like that too often and you're going to turn into a person you and everyone else will dislike (with good reason).  You're seething with resentment right now.  You need to talk to your girlfriend and make some decisions.  My guess, it's probably not only money causing your issues.
Luckily, we're people and we have the ability to change.  Maybe get into therapy to find out why you use sarcasm as a defense mechanism?  Don't give up on yourself.
Your partner will never have all of the same 'likes' that you have.  That is why it is really unfair to put your entire life into a single person.  Your relationship should be the most important thing in your life, but not your only means of satisfaction.  That is what friends are for (in your instance, foreign films and talking about books).  As far as weight goes...that is often part of a relationship.  Everyone tends to put on some lbs after a while.  Fourty to fifty seems a bit excessive though.  I'm a 34m and I don't want children.  This topic comes up within the first month of dating someone.  It's a pretty big deal breaker and you should have talked about this a long time ago.  Since that ship has sailed, feel free to open the discussion by asking him what he thinks about kids and then bringing in your opinion during that conversation.  What's wrong with you?  Who knows.  There is something wrong with each and every one of us in various ways.  I wouldn't focus on you being inherently broken.  If anything, you should realize that you at least have the insight to understand that you're kind of fucked up in some way or another.  One problem I do notice though, you do seem to live a lot in your head.  You are telling us things, very important things, that you haven't brought up to your partner at all (and you've been dating 1.5 YEARS!!).  You need to be more up front with what you're looking for in a relationship and what some of your deal breakers are.  Just a few tips  1. Your relationship should not be the only thing that fulfills you in your life.  You can't look at one person to provide your sole sense of purpose and happiness (whether that is through activities, shared interests, whatever).  2. Talk about these 'deal breaker' type issues early on in a relationship.  You shouldn't be wondering if he wants kids when you don't after a year and a half.  That is not good.  3. Stop worry about how messed up you are.  It's unhealthy and skews your perspective on life.   You've already been through therapy and seem to have made a lot of progress.  Were you honest with your therapist about all your feelings?  Maybe it is time to go back again.  4. You're a strong and independent woman (obviously).  Don't be afraid to be by yourself and wait for exactly what you want to come to you.  Don't feel like you need a relationship to define your existence.  When you're happy by yourself, then you're ready for a relationship.  Besides all of that, maybe you should try to date a different type of guy if all your exes seem to be in similar fields or just similar types of guys in general.  I'm dating a girl who is different from anyone else I've ever dated and I found it's exactly what I've been missing.  She is quirky and doesn't take life too seriously...I've always dated somewhat serious women who wanted family and I found out that simply isn't what I wanted.  Anyway, longest reply ever, godspeed (or spaghetti monster speed, since you're not religious).
Not a very good analogy.  When I look at my Facebook feed, your wall posts are put in front of me.  Would be more akin to you writing something at home and sliding it under the door of each of your friends or acquaintances....it might just be a generational thing though.  I'm 34 and my friends and I use it mostly for posting vacation pics, announcements, invites, things going on in our lives.  Maybe the younger generation uses it more for a political platform?  Not sure.
This is an ugly one...it almost brings up more questions than answers.  Why will your mom quit working when you get into the workforce?  Are you to take care of her at that point and live with her the rest of your life?  Is she paying for you school and your entire livelihood and working seven days a week?    She sounds like she has a whole host of her own emotional/mental problems and you're definitely being emotionally manipulated.    If I were you, I'd rather just take out loans for the last few years of school and move out.  Financial freedom is much more satisfying than owing someone who treats you badly.
Oh...I assumed she had been working 7 days a week to support you and put you through school or something.  This is just a bad situation that you need to get out of.  If you're the one with the loans, I don't see why you don't take a part time job or get some student housing and learn to live on your own.  I understand that a lot of this is cultural though...which many of us do not understand the intricacies of.
Yeah...this just sounds fundamentally broken : (  You can't be the only one trying.
Yeah, I hear what you are saying.  I'm not sure if I would bulk reading into that though.  Hell, or even TV for that matter (depending on the type of gaming).    Most of the gaming addicts aren't addicted to single player experiences, it ends up being the shooters, the MMOs, the MOBA type of games.  What is unique about these is   1. People rely on you and you feel a bond and a need to play and keep them happy. 2. The content rarely changes, you're doing the same thing over and over again. 3. It's addictive and provides you with 'rewards' to keep playing and engaging.  I'd argue that books at least increase your vocabulary and expand your views on the world.  Depending on the type of TV you're watching, you may be learning from documentaries etc.  Gaming is just purely for enjoyment and really has no benefit at all, other than the enjoyment you get from playing (which should not be negated).  I still game...hell, I took a weekend off to play XCOM 2 and I loved it.  After I was done though, I couldn't help a nagging feeling that I really accomplished nothing and it was wasted time (other than what I enjoyed from leisure).  I suppose, like everything else in life...balance.
Your instincts are correct.  Also, you mention he finds reasons to touch you all the time.  Trust me, if you were a bro, he wouldn't be finding out ways to have his hands all over you.
Do you think it's a jealousy thing or does he feel dumb because you retain information better than he does?
She should at least understand your perspective.  I never really approve of doing something to prove a point...but start doing it to her and see what the reaction is.  My guess, she will be extremely annoyed.
How the hell did you even end up married to this girl in the first place?  It sounds like you kinda liked her, figured you would get married and...maybe move to your hometown and buy a house?  Do you have any control over your life and your own actions?
I think that is just more for him and it's not very fair of him to talk to you like that.  All this 'its you its me' stuff is always about...you and your relation to 'me'.    If he met someone he was interested in again, he would pursue them.  It's just all speech to make him feel better about himself (including the reaching out to you to 'comfort').  The best thing he could do for you is go NC...which is what you should do as well.  I know it sucks, love hurts : (.
I think people are being overly harsh on your wife a bit.  I've had multiple women tell me that they don't want a boyfriend that is in better shape than they are.  There is so much more pressure for women to look good and I'm sure she sees that you're literally 'ripped' and is feeling extremely insecure about it.  Look at it from her perspective  -She met you when you were overweight and she was in shape. -She had a kid with you when you were overweight, she isn't in as great of shape anymore (but still better than you). -She's settled into 'body comfort' with you and is focused on raising a family.  Next, the status quo entirely shifted.  You are in the best shape of your life and everything is flipped on it's head.  This isn't what she thought she was getting into.  Is it fair of her to ask you to go back to that lifestyle?  No way.  But at least try to understand her perspective.  What is the solution to this problem?  I have no idea.  It's not that you just got in good shape, fitness has become a huge part of your lifestyle now and she doesn't want to join in that lifestyle.  Just not sure what you can do.  Also, your last note is very telling.  You're in good shape and you know you would like your wife better if she was in good shape as well.  All this insecurity she is projecting IS ACTUALLY CORRECT.  She is analyzing the situation accurately and freaking out about it.
