Is it because you're not a fan of Nicolas Cage?
I agree. That statement is fucking disgusting.
Here's a good question, why do Danny and Egoraptor act like such massive tryhards on camera?
I wonder what would happen if the Bronze leaguer beat Naniwa. Would he have instantly gone to Diamond?
I'm skeptical about this entire article. Why?  1. Sepp Blatter would be absolutely stupid to even stay within Switzerland, let alone attempt to salvage what little power he has left in FIFA. I'm sure he's already in a country that won't extradite him to the United States on corruption charges should the FBI decide to pursue him. And believe me, there's quite a few of them, some of which I'm sure will happily welcome him.  2. Despite the negative publicity FIFA's sponsors are getting over human rights violations in Qatar, I'm sure it won't hamper their sales. Remember the Nestlé boycott and how effective that was? People aren't suddenly going to demand to switch over to Mastercard or American Express as a protest towards Visa, nor are they going to boycott any of the other sponsors either. Everyone will still watch the World Cup and buy the hefty amounts of merchandise FIFA makes a mint off of.  3. For FIFA to drop Qatar as a host nation would be *very* costly. Given the unfulfilled contracts and the amount of money Qatar has already invested in building infrastructure for the World Cup, a colossal lawsuit would await FIFA should Qatar be stripped of the World Cup.  What I think will happen is that Sepp Blatter will evade any attempts to arrest him and Qatar will be allowed to keep the World Cup by whoever is elected after him, on the condition that workers' rights are significantly improved. Meanwhile FIFA goes through a massive 'reform' and in five years time is just as corrupt as ever.
Would be funny if loads of MPs resign and we see a Labour or UKIP power shift.
Yeah, the presenter of Game Theory is suffering from an overwhelming case of smug, to the point where watching episodes fill me with rage.
It's like Pokémon, with STDs.
It's a shame, really, because the Sonic x Zelda DLC made Sonic: Lost World the worst Zelda game since Wand of Gamelon.  Whereas Sonic in Hyrule Warriors will produce the best Sonic game since Sonic 3 &amp; Knuckles.
Did I say anything critical of women's rights?
Blizzard should have hired Greg Fields as their designer, not Dustin Browder or David Kim.
In my opinion, they should rework Snipe into an ability very similar to Nova's Heroic ability in Heroes.
And face a bigger backlash than December 10th 2007? Not the greatest of ideas...
[I CAN'T WAIT TO BOMB SOME DODONGOS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sj8_7OFK0oc)
My prediction is this.  Automated technology is either in development or already in existence, albeit in an expensive capacity. I predict these technologies will become cheap to implement and widely available to businesses and consumers within the next ten to twenty years - depending on regulations.  As a result, certain industries (such as manufacturing and transportation) will downsize considerably, replacing the vast majority of their employees with machines. Three such technologies that I think will symbolise the Automatic Age are the 3D printer, the self-driving car, and self-learning robots and I honestly believe these three alone will outperform humans to the point where jobs will disappear in droves.  Due to the knock-on effect this will have, I foresee a worldwide job crisis with many careers disappearing and governments having to pick up the pieces with welfare budgets that have already been cut and stretched to their absolute limits thanks to the current trend towards austerity. With hundreds of millions losing their jobs and our 'will-work-for-food' mentality, this can only lead to one thing. Revolts.  When revolts come into play - and the possibility of a global chemical, biological or even nuclear class war breaking out, depending on the corporate and political response towards said revolts - the results are going to be disastrous.  Is there anyone that has done any thorough research into the possible effects that automation will have on the global economy? If not, is there room for that, because I might want to look into this field.
I think it's very plausible, considering the fact that Earthbound Beginnings just came out of the fucking blue.
To make such a big teaser and hyping up several announcements, while playing a remix of Frog's Theme from Chrono Trigger must mean something...  My guess is at least one of the three announcements:  * A next-gen remake of Chrono Trigger for PS4 and Xbox One with a graphical style very similar to Dragon Quest VIII. * A Chrono Trigger anime produced by Akira Toriyama and Toei Animation * A next-gen remake of a Final Fantasy game. Most likely VII or IX.
As hugely significant as a Final Fantasy VII HD remake is and as much as Sony and Square-Enix have already won E3 with this one announcement, this is probably not everything Square Enix have planned.  Yesterday, they made a load of big teasers in a [E3 2015 hype trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrSH2wKh6ys) whilst playing a remix of Frog's Theme from Chrono Trigger.  I'm predicting a Chrono Trigger related announcement (either the long-rumoured Chrono Break, or remakes of either Chrono Trigger or Chrono Cross) that, if Square-Enix deliver upon, will make the show floor implode with such brute force that it opens a black hole, swallowing up the Anaheim Convention Centre.  I'm also predicting a PS4/XB1 announcement and release of Kingdom Hearts 1.5 and 2.5 HD ReMIX and a release date for Kingdom Hearts III.
&gt; Developer: Robomodo  [It's gonna be shit.](/spoiler)  No seriously, have Robomodo ever made a *good* game? If Activision had any sense, they'd put Neversoft on this shit.
I'd argue that FFIX and FFX beat that goal. You could even count the original Kingdom Hearts in that list.
I would. I love Halo but going from Microsoft to Sony in this generation has hampered my ability to enjoy the games from Reach onwards.
Microsoft could have just gone the Riot Games route and sank a metric fucktonne of cash into their own esports league.
Amiibo is the worst idea ever and it saddens me that they represent Nintendo's future plans and are selling so well.  It's a testament to how Nintendo take ideas from companies advertising kids toys.  I mean the Wii U looks like something designed by VTech and the Amiibo are clearly a knockoff of Skylanders and Disney Infinity toys.
The graphics don't seem to reflect that...
The Bard would be the greatest thing to ever happen to WoW, actually. A new, unique, playable class that doesn't operate on the same, homogenized, boring abilities but rather plays like an in-WoW version of Guitar Hero? Yes please.  And by boring abilities, think about the fact that almost every single class has the following:  1. Standard, dull, 100% damage cookie cutter ability that you spam when you have nothing else to press. Usually gives secondary resources. (i.e. Crusader Strike, Incincerate, Shadowbolt, Frostbolt, Fireball, Judgement, Steady Shot, etc.) Sometimes comes in multi-target variant (i.e. Hammer of the Righteous). 2. Hard-hitting, boring-as-fuck, 250 - 300% damage ability that consumes secondary resources (i.e. Soul Fire, Templar's Verdict, Shield of the Righteous) 3. Monotonous damage-over-time debuff (i.e. Curse of Agony, Shadow Word: Pain, Black Arrow, Rend) 4. Unimaginative instant ability that can be cast cooldown and resource free on a asinine ppm-based proc (i.e. Templar's Verdict, Aimed Shot, Colossus Smash, Overpower, Avenger's Shield, etc)
"Weren't D-Ream shit!"
If you replace St. Pauls with Knowle West, Southmead or Easton, you'd be on point.
I'm sure they'll be tuned so poorly that anyone can face stomp.
I'd announce it after flooding the market in secrecy.
I remember the day when Bungie and Microsoft pulled a cunt move in a Halo 3 update and locked out 90% of the playlists to paid DLC owners (including Team Doubles, Major League Gaming, and Big Team Slayer) and forced us to buy the Mythic Map Pack and Mythic Map Pack II in order to continue playing them.  All 343 really did was make a passably good Halo game with mediocre multiplayer which made MLG drop the game from its Pro Circuit. (which was a given anyway because the Halo competitive scene kinda jumped the shark in Halo 3.)  Meanwhile a lot of us are forgetting that Bungie made Halo Reach, Halo ODST and the godawful Destiny which three DLC packs later feels about as complete as a typical AAA release in its alpha build.  I guarantee if 343 give us a westernized Halo Online or a PC release of Master Chief Collection and Halo 5, they would've done a greater deal of service for the Halo franchise than Bungie.
I can see Morpheus failing very dramatically. I mean lots of PS4 games can't even run at 30FPS on a 1080p display. Good fucking luck rendering 60FPS gameplay on two different displays within a VR headset.
Best: Jimmy Carr  Worst: Russell Brand, at least ever since he decided to go Che Guevara on everyone.
I'm saying that Riot are moronic because they will not allow a surrender vote if 60% of the players (which is still a majority) want to surrender.  It leads to a lot of frustrating, drawn-out and one-sided games.
Yay, another armchair 'protest' at Bungie. They must be shitting themselves.  You're a fucking idiot.
&gt; easier games  You son of a bitch...
Still better than the shitty Tony Hawk's 'games' Robomodo have released in the last few years.
Totalbiscuit is a douche, not Goku.
Given the nerf to Swarm Hosts, I predict a last place finish.
Flash failed to qualify? So what else is new?
Why not just rework Snipe so it's just like Nova's Heroic Ability in Heroes of the Storm?
If they truly cared about feedback, we'd have a mining change.
He's certainly being very active and open about his (and the community's) thoughts on the direction SC2 is going.  I do however still disagree with the direction Legacy of the Void is going. Some of my biggest criticisms include:  1. Starting players with 12 workers instead of 6 is going to kill a lot of low-income cheese builds, which actually made the game interesting. These days, fast expand builds are going to be mandatory because of how kickstarted the economy already is. It's quite sad, really because World of Warcraft proves that taking gameplay choices away from players equals a shittier game.  2. Reducing the amount of minerals per base by 25% (by halving the minerals on half of the nodes) is a suboptimal solution at fixing SC2's flawed mining system. Adjusting minerals does not change this but rather punishes defensive play and falling behind on bases far more severely than WoL and HotS did. This time, losing expansions will become game-ending and games will end much, much faster.  3. Apart from the Lurker (which is a very welcome addition to the Zerg arsenal), there aren't any units or balance changes that improve the defensive capabilities of any particular race. Siege Tanks for instance are even shittier and less viable in LotV than they were in WoL or HotS because now they're **HUGELY** vulnerable to Ravagers and Disruptors. If Blizzard want more players to take expansions in Legacy of the Void, then they need to give each race the tools to defend said bases. And that means buffing Siege Tanks and Colossi to fill these niches.  4. Terran in particular got shafted. The Cyclone is suboptimal, too expensive, too slow to build, and too late in the tech tree to be viable in any Mech build. Meanwhile the Liberator is a shit jack-of-all-trades, master-of-none unit that does things which other ground and air units can do 10 times better.
People didn't like the lack of raid content in Mists - Blizzard released three raids across two raid tiers, and the third one has seemingly wrapped-up the plot of Warlords.  People didn't like the fact that Mists felt like World of Babycraft - Blizzard dumbed-down even more stats in WoD, pruned a lot of iconic abilities and made professions piss-easy to level to 700, albeit completely pointless to learn.  People didn't like facing bots in Arenas and BGs - Blizzard responded with one long-overdue ban wave targeting a popular bot, and gave everybody a 6 month ban on the game licence they were offending on, rather than something more justifiable like a permanent ban, nuking their entire battle.net account, or blacklisting their billing details. As a result of the lazy ban-wave mentality, bots are very quickly popping back up.  People didn't like having Trade chat spammed by assholes selling Arena boosts and boss kills for real world money - Blizzard didn't bat a single fucking eyelid at this practice which is a breach of the ToS in itself, and you can still basically buy your way to a Mythic Blackhand kill or 2200 Arena rating.  People didn't like social media integration in SC2 and Battle.net - Blizzard responded with a content patch that does nothing except adds selfies and Twitter integration.
It's because I'm not some internet famous e-celebrity that they jerk their tiny microwieners off to.
If I were MC, I'd just retire and play Heroes.
I'm willing to bet he looks like the Numa Numa guy IRL...
As with all workplaces, if you pay in peanuts, you get monkeys.  Sometimes I think a lot of companies offer godawful customer service simply because they pay and treat their staff like crap, and don't recruit the numbers necessary - so I'm not surprised to see someone at your workplace disrespect the premises to the point of taking a steaming shit in the break room.
You can call me Michael Bay, cause I'd love to blow my load in your face
Original content is where Netflix will thrive. In particular, their ability to license, dub and subtitle Japanese anime for international release is a force to be reckoned with and could easily eclipse competitors like Funimation.  Sadly their Netflix Original anime offerings have been quite weak thus far. Knights of Sidonia was a terrible choice because of its boring plot, dull character designs, and frame-rate so horribly piss-poor that it would make /r/PCMasterRace cry.
Worgen had a lot of missed and failed potential. If Blizzard:  1. Made Gilneas an 80 - 85 zone and tied the Forsaken/Gilnean war into the Cataclysm plot.  2. Allowed Worgen to stay in human form during combat.  3. Made Female Worgen look more ferocious and not like the fantasy booty call of a furry in Lion's Pride Inn.  Then Worgen would have been better.  Goblins were also horrible, but more-so for the slow, slow, slow pacing of their respective starting zones.
