It seems like the only explanation they give is that ..."Kane and HHH have been wrestlers and in the business for a long time, so they are friends".  This may be true, but it's not like Kane was in the Kliq or anything.  I don't doubt that Trips and Kane are friends, the reasoning just seems a little too simple/(slightly) lazy for my taste.  I'm not losing sleep over it or anything...just sayin'.  Edit:/u/twinightstream7 below is more accurate than me
&gt; I used to be the biggest Wyatt mark and now I have to watch him cut promo, after promo, after promo only to job to a guy like Reigns!  It's not the losing to Reigns that's the issue.  Reigns is slotted as a main eventer right now and Wyatt isn't.  It's the "Bray lost to a guy who went through 2 matches and a post match beat down" that is the mother fucker of it all.
Your comment isn't making sense to me?  are you just saying basically you're done with Bray and done expecting him to ever amount to anything thanks to shitty booking?
No worries.  Just curious.  Cheers! I would say follow the buzzards but evidently they lead to mediocrity
Not a chance, but I sure do hope so.
They all speak Spanish anyways.  No big difference.
I'm going to have to respectfully disagree. You may disagree with me which is fine too.  But stating that it induced real emotion and positivity nullifies any cheapness one may perceive.   That's just my opinion.
I'm going to have to politely disagree.  Regardless of them playing characters,  if owens goes at a kid with cancer,  it's going to make headlines in a negative manner
You might be right about America not caring,  but I don't know that the heat (which would be fucking nuclear) is worth the risk.  I think I saw something on the post raw thread (could've been elsewhere) saying Owens could have said something like "Kid I hope you beat cancer like I'm going to beat your hero". Not near the same amount of heat but definitely no backlash from that.
Seth Rollins sucks, and Great Khali was the the most under utilized talent EVER!
His face may not be great, but size-wize I think Wun Wun is the top dog from GoT now.
Jeezus.  Had to Google that age.  Dude does not look 37.  He looks younger than Orton but is 3 years older!
Read the text on the post again.  Xavier is smarter than the wording here.
He looks so old now.
Best spinebuster I've ever seen.   Didn't see a lot of Arn but better than Farooq, Trips, Batista, the best.
As best as could be expected. Holy hell that was fucking rude.
With the instagram videos (or whatever outlet it was) of her working with The Brian Kendrick,  I'm pretty confident they were attempting to show that she's working on her craft.  It was definitely done to garner that reaction.   I would be willing to bet that (knowing the nxt crowd is a bit smarky) they thought she'd get a decent response.   People saw those vids and complimented them highly.  The motives behind releasing them were questioned but not her work itself in said videos.   I'm going to have to respectfully disagree
I wouldn't mind them ditching the chanting thing.  If the announcers ever explained it, in kayfabe or shoot, I might think better of it, but I don't understand it and seems to just hype them up more than anything.  If it was something the crowd could participate with (a la New Age Outlaws or Enzo&amp;Cass), I think it would be better as well.  To the uninformed (i.e. me and some others I'm sure) it's Samoan stuff I just don't understand.
Yes I think it would be
That would work I just prefer regulated myself
Glass shattering I definitely agree with.  Hell's gonna break lose.    Brock's music (even though I get really pumped every time I hear that dolphin/guitar noise) doesn't really say anything to me.  I mean I guess it's a hard rock/metal/whatever genre you want to pick, but Seth Rollins, Roman, and Dean Ambrose all have themes that I would say are similar to Brock's.  Obviously not the same, but similar still.  That being said, I don't think those 4 guys are similar.  Maybe Brock fits it the best, but I think guys like SCSA, HBK, and Taker fit much better.    Sorry I took the scenic route in getting to my point.
Taker and Flair, yes.  Macho Man's theme always seemed weird for him, to me.  He had the sparkly robes like Flair, so that kind of fit.  However, he always had a wild side, and crazy eyes.  I think a rock tune would have fit Macho better.  However, I will never forget his theme, because of how out of place I thought it was.  So maybe there is something to that.
This probably fit him better, but This Fire Burns, was so fucking intense and awesome.  Probably my favorite "non in-house/Jim Johnston created" song ever used for an entrance.
Think of it this way.  If someone HAS to get hurt,  I'd rather it be a diva.   I absolutely don't want anyone to get hurt, but I think a guy like Rollins or Neville could take that bump properly.  I don't want them taking it though.   I don't mean this to sound sexist/chauvinistic but the divas aren't as interesting unfortunately.   I don't want one of the main guys out taking a poisoned Frankensteiner
I completely agree, but that's a move that will always worry me.
I'll agree with you that he was MUCH better tonight, with some back and forth.  I just can't get into him.  I want to like seeing every character, but he bores me and feels clunky in the ring.
Don't go switching them out, when you know damn well they're different moves.  Similar but different.
She looks thinner with her clothes off. Might be the pose she's in,  but that's a rare thing
I'm aware.  I love most of the running jokes on Wreddit.  The redacted joke never made me laugh though
2,700 a month for rent?! Google told me this is $2011 USD.  Holy shit that is a lot.  $3,700 USD on the high side?!  damn. that sucks
Oh come on.  I'm ok with most of the blindly follow punk stuff that I see, but as a big hockey fan myself, I can't stand for this.  The Blackhawks are a team with quite a few hateable guys on the roster.  I don't like to hate on teams because they win, but it happens to the best of us.  I don't know who your team is in hockey, but don't cheer for the Hawks just because Punk does.  Stay strong brother/jack/dude.  And another thing... I obviously don't know Punk personally, but from what I gather I would think he'd want you to hate who you hate and not compromise your beliefs. ^^^I ^^^don't ^^^care ^^^who ^^^you ^^^root ^^^for ^^^I'm ^^^just ^^^bored.
I don't care if it'll be historic, pls win TB.
&gt; -huricarana driver  By this do you mean the poisoned frankensteiner (huricarana with the receiver facing in the opposite direction)?  If so, I don't want her doing that.  I dont know if any of the women can pull that off safely or convincingly.  It seems difficult to pull off safely by anyone.
Civility in /r/SquaredCircle ?  I won't stand for this!
I find its like 75% nice.  Nice username btw. Miss that guy
That's coming from a habs fan too so count your self lucky
I agree with you there.  Especially since I imagine (and I think I've heard this on podcasts or something) he got a lot of heat coming in.  People saying things like "oh you were on TV and think you can be a wrestler", and things like that.  He can tap into that kind of sense of entitlement angle of it.
Kind of took the easy way out here, but I cannot argue with you.  Have an upvote.
I think I like seeing "Sheamus speech" typed out more than I like reading "Dusty speech" typed out....because fuck Sheamus.
The only thing that's good about that is a Rollins face turn.
I wish he would appeal to me.  He's got a decent moveset with white noise, the irish curse backbreaker, brogue kick, razors edge.  He's fucking strong, and while he's on the bigger side, he's not gigantic like Show/Henry/Brock (Brock may not be gigantic, but he always looks huge) .  I really try  to enjoy everyone on the roster be they heel or face.  Sheamus just doesn't to it for me.  It's a bummer, because Mr. MITB is somethign I love having loom in the background. However, it's Sheamus and for me personally that's not a good thing.
Tamina is mean and beats up people for no reason.  Bayley hugs people and is nice until she has to have a match and even then she occasionally shows compassion.  There's your reason
I wouldn't think the ladder matches would give them logical reasons to look under the ring.  However a Bella twin coming out alone is a logical reason given their history.  I suppose could also say that checking for Big E and Xavier (since they hadn't wrestled yet) as reinforcements for Kofi during the MITB match could have happend.   Again we're arguing logic in pro wrestling.  It's a losing battle.
I assumed the actions taken upon the aforementioned appendage was due to them thinking someone was sneaking up on them or trying to attack them/steal food in the dog's case.    I know it's not a fair comparison, but I just imagine eating some french fries or something with one hand and my other hand creeping up towards my mouth.  I would think it was weird if I wasn't intending to do it, but I wouldn't bite that wandering hand.
I think an old polaroid of the a TV screen would have been hilarious as well.
Man Chuck Taylor is a way better wrestler and in much better shape.
"What's up Coach?"  -R. Truth   My choice for quote of the night.
I thought they were his fireflies.    Also your flair made me laugh and want to throw up a little.
His belly's just a little beeeg.  His hiney's just a little beeeg.  But he's bad.  And they know he's bad.    Sunavabitch, I've gone and choked myself up.
I admire any non wrestler who takes a bump like that.  I'm going to sound nit-picky here, but two things:    1 it looked like he freaked out and got squirmy.  Made me a little nervous for the guy  2 Am I mistaken or did HE WALK OUT OF THE FUCKING ARENA?!  I hope I saw that wrong, because that right there makes no god damn sense.
