You couldn't pay me to read it.   Well, you could, but it's more than The Toast could afford.
If you aren't interested in caring, no one is going to convince you otherwise. This post seems like it was not made in good faith.
So a lesbian wrote a book about how a lesbian just needed a good dicking, *and* there's the transphobia? How is anyone anywhere thinking this is good?
Yeah, that's basically how it goes for a lot of people.
You've already decided you can't do this. Save the money from couples counseling and put it towards the divorce.
I've said this before but there's no harm in saying it again: removing gender strictures and taboos will likely mean *more* people will decide to change their bodies in ways we currently label as "trans," because there won't be stigma against it any more. By the time it reaches that point, we might not call it "trans" any more. But I don't think the concept and people who understand themselves that way will be going away.
Using "trans women" as a proxy for "mannish and ugly" and impugning similarly-bodied cis women by extension: so feminist.
You could do nothing and wonder if T would help...for months, years, the rest of your life.  You could try it and if it doesn't help, you stop.
To be honest, I have no idea what the point of that article was, so it's not surprising she couldn't parse it either.
That is quite an insult to Bert and Ernie, my friend! They are worlds more credible than those two. :)
Don't forget her sick fascination with how medical transition ruins hapless female bodies.
I think it's far better to do this now instead months later when resentment has built. Good luck to both of you finding peace in life.
Bravo, well done. If I were your MFA committee your degree would be a done deal.
Please don't generalize about the quality of results of a surgery you are not planning to have.
"Melts in your pit, not in your hand."
A master of understatement as always.
Really well said.
No. I once thought there would be a difference, but the quality of the working relationship is what matters and I've had excellent (and not so excellent) relations with a variety of therapists.
Why *aren't* there more rainbow strapons?
I would call her grasp of science tenuous were it not for her prerequisite grasp of reality being non-existent.
I suspect most non-regular posters are socks. If one ever came up with something other than a, "Gender Critical, I never thought it'd happen to me-" confessional, I might reconsider.
Yep. Tough as...nails.
Of course we can ignore them! They're the minority and everyone knows protecting the majority is more impor-wait.
Livejournal was better for this, really. You could recognize someone you hated from their icon but they'd never know it unless you wanted to be *that* much of a dick and put your name to a rude comment.
Not everyone feels exactly the same about this stuff 100% of the time. It's okay to go by how you feel most of the time.   It can be healthy to work on not judging yourself for any of these shifts in feeling. Just notice that it's happening (so you're not suppressing it) but don't worry about if it means anything. If they start happening often enough that they make up a significant part of your time, then they might be worth examining.
Lies. I have it on good authority you're a chill dude.
Dude, that's awesome. I'm glad your first Pride was a good experience. And no snow! :P
This may come as a surprise to you, but reasonable people don't actually expect or want someone to self-flagellate for having held different beliefs in the past.
&gt; - Supporting GNC (gender non-conforming) women and discussing the pressure to conform to society's expectations.  Anxiously awaiting *this.* I'm 100% sure it will avoid the fawning, half-fetishized, erasing actual GNC women's voices shitshow that happens every time "gender critical" spaces attempt this.
For people who want to get rid of gender altogether, they are very invested in everyone knowing their place.
Fuck no.
&gt; I don't believe that a healthy comparison between transmen and a cismen should hold the cismen above transmen simply because their bodies are more likely to be ideal.  While that's true, I'm skeptical that telling someone to celebrate something about themselves that causes them pain is particularly helpful. In a neutral or already positive context, sure, bust out your best Whitman. But when the context is negative, I think it comes off badly.
Yeah, I agree with the others. This person does not sound like a good match for you. Is it possible to find someone else?
&gt; You named this sub 'gendercritlesbians', and I feel this sub should be dedicated to that title. The other lesbian subs are already filled with bisexuals, trysexuals, pansexuals, omnisexuals, pretendbians, etc. This sub will hopefully be 100% lesbian, 100% of the time   This is good. This definitely will support gender-nonconforming straight and bi women.
Man, I have no idea what non-binary masculinity is supposed to be.
They'd have nothing to worry about if they'd just show us their vaginas! Why won't you show us your vaginas, suspicious ManLadies?  TERFs: advocating for the dignity of ambiguously gendered persons since forever.
Life was so much better when they knew their place.
As you've discovered, even "permanent" changes are often not so permanent. It's extremely likely your face is going to end up almost identical to how it was before.
I think the context is that it was posted in gendercritlesbians and a comment there claims that feminism cares more about violence against trans women than violence against cis lesbians. So yeah, not clear. Maybe OP meant to link the comment?
Hey, I like all those things! Do you know what you want to do with your degrees?
Yes, and then when your brain scan turns up negative and no transition for you, then what?
I am pessimistic about ethical perfect technology scenarios. I understand the escape they can provide, though.
I think that makes the most sense for their presumed ideology and the least sense for their methodology, but you're probably right.
I think it's indicative of their self-imposed social isolation that they think the two groups are at all comparable. MRAs are literally littering mainstream feminist spaces online, but TERF sensibilities are too rarefied to tolerate common riff-raff. To sincerely believe trans = MRA requires a special level of ignorance.
As long as you can sleep with it, it doesn't really matter. And pajama pants tend to accentuate things anyway. But it's obvious you've got some major dickage going on in there, yeah.
She's made her gender excruciatingly clear, though. Anyone misgendering her is only doing it to be malicious, and in my experience it's generally accompanied by wondering when she'll transition or otherwise assuming she's in denial.   I think if we want people to take us at our word that we are the genders we are that the very minimum we can do is not misgender others, assume we know their genders better than they do, or speculate that their genders are solely a result a trauma or somehow else false.
I'd really rather not get into analyzing her. Using the right pronoun for someone just isn't that hard.
What were your events, btw? Do you still swim? I might well have asked you this before, sorry!
I was thinking about this more (b/c of course) and here is my personal understanding:  - a person can be rude but fundamentally ethical  - a person be prejudiced but still mostly compassionate  - a person can be a bigot but not be a sadist  I think what pings as mean to me is when I perceive prejudice, rudeness, and sadism as significant components of a person's behavior without perceiving mitigating effects like compassion or ethical considerations. Mean behavior is any combination of the two, or all three.
&gt; they don't make the distinction between other people hating their bodies due to the patriarchy versus them hating their bodies because their bodies are not right for them as-is.  That is exactly what the claim is re: afab trans people. That everyone afab hates their bodies because patriarchy, therefore changing your body is capitulating/conforming. This goes for all basically all afab body mods, theoretically, but *oddly*, the miniscule number of afab trans people are the ones under the microscope as opposed to the far higher number of afab people who alter their bodies to make them *more* in line with patriarchal ideals.   I mean, if you want to attack a patriarcho-capitalist *cabal*, you could hardly ask for one more obvious than cosmetic procedures marketed to women. But it's much easier to wail and gnash teeth over me getting my boobs chopped off and taking medication that makes my belly furry. (because if there's anything that signifies conformance to the patriarchy it's being a boobless, furry woman *by choice*, and [conformance is always easier than non-conformance](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/comments/3aia68/how_do_you_feel_about_women_who_play_the_game/)!    But clucking at me doesn't require any actual *work.*  Edit to add: of course, I am using what would be their perception, not suggesting trans men are women.
