Looks like that neighborhood is racist.
Slight uptick in protests from the unemployed berniebot brigade and a more noticeable stench than usual.
She's a mess.
We already have plenty of violent thugs here, it's a shame we have to import thousands for the DNC.  Is it too late to build a wall?
These republican voting, NRA card-carrying individuals are getting out of control.  Can somebody please designate this block as a gun free zone?
So did the suspects vote for Bernie or Hillary?
Don't be silly, it's our privilege to be victimized because of race.
Build the wall ten feet higher!
If you don't bend the knee to Trump you're always welcome to leave and go somewhere like Mexico or the Middle East.  Or are you some kind of bigot?
Can't tell if you're just a Bernout reeling from defeat at the hands of Crooked Hillary, but the entire basis of Trump's tax plan is to reduce taxes for the middle/lower class. And if you think we're spending a cent on the wall... well, it just got ten feet higher.  The Trump train has no brakes.
I'm waiting for them to spin this: "White Supremacist Trump Supporter Attacks Latina Reporter for Speaking Spanish"
"hm this guys wearing a t-shirt and jeans matches the description of a violent crime that was committed but we can't stop him because the suburban teenager on reddit might accuse me of being racist"
American pride is racist, can't do it
Extra security would be Islamophobic we better not
Why not just go all the way and make laws against murder then
"...and on your left you'll see poverty created by decades of democrats in power... on your right you'll see violence stemming from this poverty... Hillary 2016!"
Report: fuck off, we're full.
You're forgetting to count the hired protesters being bussed in from all over
If Trump being a 1%er makes him the bad guy, then what is Crooked Hillary?  Trump acknowledges that he's wealthy.  Hillary panders while accepting $600k-a-pop bribes for "speeches" to the same banks she denounces to the public.  Or there's always the $20mm+ she's accepted from Saudi Arabia and other nations that commit various human rights violations.  BUt hey one time Trump said something I misinterpreted as mean so he's evil
Another deadbeat liberal trying to get out of his civic duty.  I know it's probably hard for you to get up before noon on a week day but you can skip one day of Bernie circlejerking to go be a responsible citizen.
The corrupt democrat machine here could probably give Chicago a run for its money.    At least the state will go red in November; combine that with the riots we're sure to see at the DNC and maybe the city will start flipping.
Don't buy in the ghetto
Philly taxes are truly the best example of throwing good money after bad.
Seriously this is great news for Trump - being denounced by Philly city council is a great thing.  Who the fuck would support somebody that those crooks *endorse*
It's nice to be 1st in something
Pro: very close to a liquor store  Con: likely to be robbed walking to/from the liquor store  Pro: there are some parks nearby  Con: you can see the fucking sneakers hanging from the powerlines when you streetview this corner
This regressive tax is progressive
Having front row seats to see the dems implode is a dream come true.
Just as sure as the Benny Frank jawn glowed rainbow to defeat terrorism, the millennials of North Nilly can't stop our next republican president Donald J. Trump.
Manayunk is a much better neighborhood for young professionals than ~~Kensington~~ Fishtown.
World class
The wall just got ten feet higher.
Fun fact: if democrats stop shooting people, gun violence would be nearly non-existent.
Nothing lucky about it
I believe the kids call it North Nilly now, so wacky and hip
The answer is still no
Great now we have scooter gangs.  Fucking hipsters.
Get a doorman
The poverty-pimping regressive democrat machine here is unstoppable.
You're right, except for the whiny entitlement, futile online ranting and abdication of personal accountability there are no indicators of age range
This is our fault, it takes a village
Genius
"he was asking for it" - liberal teenagers everywhere
No homeless
Millennials hate the rich too much for Chestnut Hill to ever be "cool"
But it isn't near heroin dens or faux-dive bars with onion flavored ice cream, it's so not authentic city enough
A product of the philly public school system
Well your assumption about my alleged assumption was without substance so if you're assuming I'm saying something without substance it's your own lack of substance causing the issue
That's the hood.  The only people that'll tell you it's gentrifying are realtors trying to dupe you for a quick buck or internet hipsters that think violent crime and drugs are "gritty" and "edgy."
&gt; But honestly, I know nothing about city funds.  It's ok, neither does the city.
