i did still feel sorry for the axe
expected title to be '5 reasons to join ti5'
on the flip side, catching up in LoL is astronomically easier. like, in dota a level 1 , 50 minutes into the game, can get to level 10-12 in 5 minutes, but in league, you get from level 1-&gt;10 in like 10 seconds (few creep kills). However, on the flip side of that, if someone does abandon, 4v5 is way harder than in dota.
Still unplayable in competitive. It's a 9 mana 9/7 that does nothing the turn it's played. High cost cards need to impact the game immediately to stay competitive. U spend a turn dropping a 9/7 with no taunt I'll just go face.
man lol guys so butthurt. how about you guys think about it this way.    $10 is a donation to blizzard, a token of appreciation, don't expect anything in return, but just as a bonus, you get an alternate portrait. you're not forced to buy it, just buy it to support the game just like how you would donate to a streamer and the streamer gives you custom chat emotes.
protecting a minion is like protecting your face. if you lose when ur 0/9 minion dies the experience is going to be similar with just having 9 life to begin with.
but then they 'bribe' us with special perks like "extra cosmetics" or "pre-order trophy" etc to entice us
face hunter im not sure but flamewaker mage is great due to the synergy with flamewaker and stuff like mirror image, antonidas, etc. i dont think anyone can argue that spamming bananas with flamewaker is heaps of fun
nice write up i totally forgot about echoing ooze
In my opinion after playing both the biggest difference is the Tower and TP mechanics.     There are no tp's in league which is huge to get used to. Towers in league also do a ton more damage but also are way squishier. the end result is that with no tp and squishy towers, split pushing becomes a real deal, and passive play is not bad. (I've had players tell me 'get out of my lane' 30 minutes into the game; in dota the laning phase ends after 10 minutes)
i liked this week's brawl's theme/idea; it allowed some cards to be stronger (flamewaker, violet teacher, mirror image, questing adventurer) and it was insane pushing those cards to the limits. great fun. the only tragedy is that those said cards were already strong in the meta to begin with, but the concept is great and i'd love to see more sleeper cards to be abusable.
why would i reroll 40g quests in the first place. alot of them are easy to finish (like win 2 for 40g, versus win 5 for 60? really)
every druid is ramp druid. wild growth and innervate are bascially auto includes
expected 5 power overwhelmings
1 damage to face would definitely be nice, cuz then it would fit into a not-yet-viable spellpower mage deck
that clip was a great include, but it's best as a 'bonus' clip, which is a common edit done in these type of videos
it's a good concept but would have to have its stats adjusted. since the deathrattle is very positive in this case, it would need lower stats so it's a shit standalone creature until it dies (like sylvanas)
your comment is flawed as well. It's much more devastating for the enemy to get blingtron when you play it because you get to act on your turn, potentially killing the enemy. If you get the cursed blade you can prepare accordingly so you don't get killed.    it's the reason why majordomo is bad when the enemy kills it and kills you, yet there are times when people kill their own majordomo to use the hero power for lethal.
cast corruption is the best one, and the mechanic already exists on one of the blackrock mountain guys
in MTG terms it would be more akin to an "Enchantment" effect, or 'artifact'
i love how polite they are to each other. all around very selfless and just saying 'my bad' all around for every mistake.
ui_main02 was the best one. expected to sound like bilgewater (which is great too) but actually sounds more of epic music
pretty sure it does since common/uncommon items are more likely to drop than rare and arcana    unless those chest items will never get added to loot table then yea
Gay'est Kuardian    At the end of your turn, return to the closet.    ^^sorry
na, 'combos' with ashbringer on turn 9 after ur tirion died on 8. won't replace your ashbringer and the extra mana doesn't matter
man i freaking love threads that have "What's the best play" in them.
it's only bad luck if your deck you're playing is unfavored against them. most top constructed decks these days are designed to have a positive win rate against secret paladins so you'll WANT to face them in fact.
oddshot LOL that was like the worst. oddshot was used in so many other subreddits normally and reynad who already has his own website and channel with plenty of exposure, is the one bitching about it. AND had a huge upvote too. Poor devs at oddshot had to come out and apologize and try to cater their business model around his special case.
i'm pretty sure the mod said 'dozens of times' wasn't referring to you quitting the game, but just calling people out in general.
which one is lyrical, i thought he was black
asking the real questions
well in that vein, should type "Come on" instead of "C'mon"
man shit     i knew the answer had to be fairly simple, but the 'minions dying and targets disappear' threw me off guard. but in reality it doesn't even matter because you just calculate total combinations that include 25 missiles hitting the face. duh! well done.    now that being said 22% seems awfully high. everytime i cast a avenging wrath, timepiece of doom etc, it ALWAYS seems to clear the board.
unranked guy is obviously challenger mmr
It's honestly not bad at all. Obviously the cons are the challenger player doesn't get to play much of better people but here are the pros:    -Challenger player gets to experience what it's like to carry 4 other people. I mean really carry. Part of being a pub star is being able to really lift the heavy weights. Imagine if the pub star managed to carry plats against a pro player. he will get noticed and break out into the pro scene. It's also good practice in situations where your team is doing poorly and you need to take the game into your own hands.   -Lesser people get a chance to play with pros/semi pros, it's like an honor! Fanboyism to the max. Though some obnoxious pro players can still piss of anyone (eternalenvy is a good example)    That being said, the problem can be mitigated if you change to a more populated/skilled region. Think - queueing on korea server for better players and even games. Tradeoff is ping but the option is there.    Lastly, the "+1 point / -49 point" games are really unfair and we will see some complaints on reddit from time to time.
nyx is a skillshot hero. if i wanted to play skillshots i'd play league   ^^kappa
the best set to use ashbringer would be tal rasha/meteor build. since tal rasha multiplies all damage, that also multiplies the ashbringer effect, dealing insane damage!    with 2 handers, meteor works wonders, since it hits harder and costs less AP over time.
not bad, you even managed 15 kills that's impressive.
i love the enthusiasm every time he beats a high gr/ rank 1. even if it's early on and he'll have to do it again.
as lux main i actually prefer they leave lux as is. but sure go ahead and change anyone else, heh
50 newly designed heroes would make it in before pit lord
noz just needs a straight up rework.
no, because it costs 4 mana. if keeper was a 3 mana 3/3 it would be way too strong but it's fine as is.
burst priest is really a thing? stood out to me
i would much rather have a map counterspelled than a big useful spell (like swipe, flamestrike, brawl etc)
i might be in the minority but a quick way to help this problem is - remove elemental roll on bracer. i kind of hate to pidgeon hole to always roll elemental on bracer, then have a ton of bracers for each element of each bracer depending on build (slight exaggeration but point still stands)
only complaint is set dungeons and wished fire/lightning arcane orb runes got a little love    stash space (only 1 tab) on conqueror is kinda annoying, if it was a full stash (5 tabs) then it'd be fine  everything else is solid
you kind of answered your own question. if you are clearing 76 with shitty rifts, then you can clear 80+ with good ones. You can also add the caldesann's despairs for more main stat.    if you want advice, then i suggest you pray to RNGesus, just like as if you were playing hearthstone
it's not bad per se, but undertuned. once upon a time on PTR, firebird was wildly overpowerd, capable of GR 95+    the stats were: +100% per white enemy burning, +1500% for each elite burning.    now it's +25% per white enemy and +600% per elite, to 1 max.
invoker, dp, spectre, aether lens OP.   fuck iron talon, legion commander, invoker   heroes that can't high ground are bad, (e.g. QOP) even if you go 10-0 doesn't mean u won the game   sf, qop pick rate fell off a cliff
