Go bills!
I listened to Phenomenal last night  and then I turned on The Real Slim Shady and Without Me today. His new stuff just has no flow to it. I don't feel like I can rap along with his new stuff without feeling like I have a speech impediment. He has so much technical ability but he just can't seem to put it together magically like he used to do.
I know. However sometimes it can be confusing on how to do that because I think it's changed a few times and there are multiple ways (with multiple results) to do it.
Lightning pulled a Blues and let up at the end. Hopefully they will now know to not count Chicago out. Ever.
Man, am I the only one who thinks it's sexy?
You're not the only one. I can't stand them.
I don't care what the lines are--well I do, but for the sake of my point--they just need to stay the same for the majority of the season. Players get accustomed to their linemates' playstyles and therefore have better synergy and therefore score more goals... which I think is the Blues biggest issue. Winning games 1-0 is terrible. Not only for the fans watching, but you'll never win a cup with 4 goals in the final series.
I hate how sue-happy some people are and how politically correct everything is becoming. At my university, a statue of a priest was removed because it ["The statue of De Smet depicts a history of colonialism, imperialism, racism and of Christian and white supremacy"](http://www.thecollegefix.com/post/22609/)   Shit like that just pisses me off. The fact that a minority is upset about something and they whine enough to get what the want, making a majority pissed off.
Yeah, I laughed though and it was a 10 second gif. I'd rather watch this gif once than watch a video about some guy announcing a replay system that was uploaded 2 years ago.
I don't see how it brings down the quality of the community. I like it better than the video of Nick Allen announcing the replay system that was uploaded two years ago, and I liked it better than some of the cosplays and fan art I happen to click on. I laughed at this 10 second gif that absolutely has no negative effect on the subreddit.
Navy or brown is always good.
Well the people who have control over that are the people commenting. The comments are filled with people complaining, they could easily downvote it and I'd never have seen this post. However, I'm assuming it is going to be a rare, but, genuinely funny, occurrence.
everyone's just trying to make a living I guess.
it all comes with time and practice. you'll get it man. :)
You're a good parent.
I think the first one is thinking too hard. I don't think vaporeon and all them evolved into Suicune, Entee, and Raiku, but I think the three pokemon that perished *were* the legendary dogs themselves, and Ho-Oh resurrected them because they are unique.
Have you been to Saint Louis? Jim is great, but so is Charles Glenn!
You know what they say about big hands...
Just don't suck and you'll fine somewhere you'll fit in and be accepted.
I feel bad because he's been here his whole career. I feel like he'd play for us for free. That being said, he has 800+ games with only 181 pts. He is average at best, and is only getting older. We have Bortuzzo, Lindbohm, and Michalek that are "ours" and we didn't play in the postseason. I think we'll be alright.
Cool, thanks!  Like I said somewhere in here, I don't think it's that bad. I just remember seeing a lot of hate at some point.
I love strategy games though. I think for the price I might have to try it out.
He scored a goal you or I could have scored. Not anything huge. He was pretty abysmal this series. That was his only goal. And he had what? 3 points?
I'm agreeing with you, man. Yeah he's a good player, but it's a bit of a stretch to say he's gonna go down as one of the best in the game when he hardly did anything for his team in the final series.
Most of what I've seen it's fine. But right now all the assholes and bandwagon fans are coming out of the woodwork to spew their "haha we won and you didn't" shit at everyone who hates the Blackhawks. Congrats Blackhawks, you won, and your team deserves it, but (some of) you all as fans do not.   There are bad fans everywhere, but it seems that Chicago has the worst.
You could have, too. With that beautiful pass and a wide open net, anyone with hands and eyes could put that in the net.
Not jealous. I'm not denying his skills, he's a good skater with great hands. I'm just saying it's too early in his career to say, "man he's gonna be one of the best!"
He's one of the best in the game right now. But looking at a list of the all time greats and comparing him to that is just stupid. (In my opinion). And apparently my opinion is very unpopular here. I suppose my flair doesn't help.
Have you ever told "John" sorry or thanked the guy that said that to you? Even though he was a dick, you seem to be appreciative of it. I mean, I would be too and I am happy that you have made/are making progress.
Awesome job! Can't wait for a Sun Goddess Karma one :)
As a fan, I hope we trade Oshie. He really hasn't produced in the playoffs.
I'd like to see Oshie, Backes, and Berglund for McDavid
They have a bot that autobans people who POST in subreddits that are deemed "hateful".  Their mods are all SJW type people. It's really sad, honestly.
I enjoyed it. But the close up shots and dramatic slow motion of him walking was a little weird.
I enjoyed it. But the close up shots and dramatic slow motion of him walking was a little weird.
Perhaps Yoda knew where Luke would land and built a shitty little hut right around there.  The Force, man.
Unfortunately I don't think it works against some teams. Perhaps it's why we constantly have trouble against the Wild and other teams.
I think it's extra funny because Chicken Fil A is anti-gay and she's lesbian.
We're not!! And we're never in front of the net to screen. It's like everyone wants to sit around the edge and play passing games. It's ridiculous.
The Blues are the worst best team in the League. So inconsistent. We're so good on paper. I'm beginning to believe it's coaching. I don't know what else it could be.
I know it's a witty comment, but I think this post was inspired by the comments on [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/3zqkhm/im_still_going_home/) post
Girls like it sometimes.
You look like the geed you're pretending not to be.
I hate to say this, but I hope we lose tonight and tomorrow so we make a change.
Shatty+Berglund for Stamkos+Drouin? That would make me very happy.
Good for Tarasenko. The blues don't stand up for each other enough.
Hitchcock is a fucking *idiot*. No Fabbri in OT? He's a quick, skill player.
Looks like the only time the Blues can be consistent is OT losses.
I said this last night, but I hope we lose again so some changes are made.
Still doesn't mean he should have to pay $5k more a year because people are poorer than him.
