Brilliant.  I'd love to see a reality show where you put Lindsay Lohan and Shia LaBeouf on an island and they need to survive. Then at the end of the episode the island gets nuked.  I'd watch that show.
Shia knew exactly what he was doing when he made this.   It was 100% his plan to look like a complete weirdo in front of a green screen, and now he's going to be everywhere and people will be putting him in funny videos.   This will be *the* "it" meme for 2015. It will be this year's "Gagnam Style"....
Sons of Anarchy.  It started out pretty great (other than the whole "the only biker gang in history that doesn't say fuck"), but by the end it was just ridiculous, and every show was the exact same. It started with a musical montage...then padding/fluff for most of the episode, *something really good happens to move the story ahead*, more padding fluff, then ends with a musical montage showing the characters all forlorn and sad....
I wish I could be more help - but would maybe contacting Toronto city hall - or maybe the Parks and Rec department be a good place to start? They certainly may be able to at least point you in the right direction?
The beer or the game?
Aubrey needs to have someone show her how to wear makeup.
Oh God.....it'd be nothing but flannel and Doc Martins.
I couldn't imagine the smell!   I keed, I keed - great job Oshawa!!
Or a long island ice tea!
So Obama was born in Hawaii, is American, and Republicans have a problem with it because he spent some time in Africa as a kid.  Ted Cruz wasn't even born in the United States....and Republicans love him and have no problem with him running as POTUS.  That's grade A hypocrisy!
I firmly believe that Glenn Healy has naked pictures of someone high up in the government, or high up with Rogers.  It's the *only* explanation of how he is still on the air.  He adds zero insight to the game that any casual hockey fan wouldn't have. I could do what he does during a game as well as he does, except I would be able to say "I have a stanley cup ring"...
People in power will do anything to stay in power.
You should get a perm!
Silicon Valley is the show that Big Bang Theory wishes it could be.  A smart and hilarious take on nerd culture, that is a joy to watch.
&gt; Can a minister of health be fat  It's a fair question, but it's an incorrect way of thinking.   Someone who has been divorced may be in a better position to tell people the pitfalls of marriage, or how they can make their marriage better based on their failings. Your knee jerk reaction may be "Who are they to give marriage advice?" but they're almost the perfect person to.  Being overweight doesn't make you less of an expert to be a Health minister, especially when they're primary job is mainly ministry oversight, not direct implementation of diet advice. She know's why she's overweight and it has to do with personal choice. Doesn't make her any less effective or qualified as a cabinet minister.
Gotta be honest - that's a pretty fucking catchy song....
Why do we honor military people during a sporting event anyway? What's the point? We don't stand up before a play and honor veterans.  Not belittling anything they do, and I have a ton of respect for most people in the military, but it all seems like a "hero worship" and propaganda....
It's true. She looks kinda sexy in that space suit....[but she was not hot.](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/61/RIAN_archive_612748_Valentina_Tereshkova.jpg)
&gt; Canada paid bribes to win this year’s World Cup.  Who in their right mind would pay bribes to host the Women's World Cup??   &gt; Canada won the right to host the World Cup in 2011. It was the only bidder.  There ya go.
He's from the luckiest place on the planet!!! :D
Why?   They had a white guy in Asian makeup, but the Asian actress was in whiteface.  It was out of necessity for the story.
That's what I thought - That ump made a horrible horrible call....Gibby helped him save face
[The theme song from True Detective](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4zluA60hjs)   The Handsome Family - Far From Any Road  This song gets stuck in my head every time I even think of it. I hope they use it for season 2!
I would presume that terminating a contract would involve lots of lawyers, suing and counter-suing until either a new deal is reached or the NHL says "fuck it" and moves it. I doubt that Bettman would want to move the team though.   Might mean the Nordiques are back (or more than likely) a new team in the Northwest US?
Holy shit. I absolutely love this version! IMO it's way better than the [official released video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5mFKeL67Dk).
[Roadhouse](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098206/)  Absolutely ridiculous plot, some bad acting, and terrible writing, but goddamn if it isn't fun as hell.  "Pain don't hurt".  Love it.
Aren't infographics supposed to be eye catching and easy to read?   All I want in a Vita is two trigger buttons instead of the trackpad.
You do realize that wasn't a serious documentary, but a fake documentary, right? It wasn't meant to be thought-provoking because it's a satire - a fake documentary.
If this was in Glasgow, you wouldn't want to drink that cup.
I thought the individual skits/vignettes were pretty funny - I just thought that the story line weaving them together was kinda dumb. Other than that it wasn't bad!
Love.   (Even the Beatles say "It's the word, love"!)
His body is rejecting the shitty tattoo.
So does this mean when single tickets go on sale, they're going to be more expensive and harder to get good seats?
I thought it was great - even though the backing band was a little lackluster in the balls department.
To be fair this same sex issue is the least of Mexico's worries right now.
Fuck these watermarks. Amazing footage and the shitty watermarks ruin a lot of the mystique...
I wish more people understood this. It seems like everyone doesn't understand that they're operating a business illegal. Should the rules/regulations be changed? Maybe, but the rules are in place for a reason, to protect passengers and operators.
Way to start swearing on stage at a family festival, the ignorant piece of shit.
Cher was smokin' hot back then!
It's smart in his case. He gets guaranteed face time, gets his name out there, and gives time to "the brand".  There's no way he'll ever be president and I think he knows that.
Jesus Christ I wish this whole "Tim and Sid" bullshit would stop.  They're like Jay and Dan, only dorky as fuck, homely as shit, and not funny.  Their commercials gave me cancer.
I guess they're getting a TV show.  They're fine on the radio...but seeing their face everywhere is...disconcerting.
Don't mind them on the radio...but on TV?? *shudders*
Eklund: "the leafs may or may not sign or trade for a player this offseason that will make an immediate or long term impact on the team (e5)"  I despise hockeybuzz because of him.
Fucking Buknor - worst ump in baseball for a reason.
She is what Miley Cyrus thinks she looks like naked.
It's horrible now. Season 1 was good - season 2 had terrible writing and even worse acting by a lot of the supporting cast, and after watching the first episode of season 3, its hilariously bad.
Just an aside, but she is either a giant woman, or Noel is tiny!
It's amazing to think a few hundred years ago, people would think this was God or monsters or something.  ...to be fair, there's probably people that still think that today :/
Bring back Tom Henke.
