It doesn't make sense for an ODST to carry a turret, period. The mechanic was left it because it was fun.
I certainly don't ignore the inconsistency of the nanobot theory, but I accept that there is more to the Chief's armor than just an artistic change. Maybe the nanobot theory is wrong, but the fact that evidence exists to refute the idea that it's simply artistic change is too much for me to ignore.  If I find something compelling to discuss regarding the subject, I'll gladly bring it up again. However, as I stands, the evidence, to me, points to the conclusion that the Chief's armor in Halo 4 is an upgraded variant of his Mk. VI. I don't really care for the explanation, and the communication was piss-poor at best, but to me, those are the facts.
Looks like we might be waiting to find out who the red Spartan is. I was hoping all of Locke's teams would be revealed next week, but it looks like they might be saving that for GI.   Still, this is fucking awesome!  EDIT: Or not. I forgot these issues come out a month ahead of the stated month.
How was the food?
It was confirmed a while back (not long after the beta, if I recall correctly), that it would only by body and helmet customization, just like in the Beta. It's sad, but I do understand why they did that.
I'm just going to post here what I posted over in /r/HaloStory  I'm honestly not sure how I feel about this. The story of The Fall of Reach has been told twice, now, and explored in other media (Hunt the Truth, Halsey's Journal). Do we really need another re-telling? Unless 343 is planning to integrate some stuff from Halo Reach, smooth out some kinks in the timeline, maybe finally address how Jun got off the planet, I can't say I'm all that excited. Further, I'm almost certain that this is only going to be playable through the Halo Channel, and if it's anything like Forward Unto Dawn or Nightfall, this will probably make it way to physical media, screwing over customers who bought the LCE.
I would like one of those better, but I'm much more interested in seeing new content.
That is really cool, but at the same time, I kind of have to cringe at the though of cutting up those comics. Still, amazing work!
I understand what you're saying, but I'm not sure I agree. That's just never the impression I got.
That, I can agree with. I need to re-read those sections, see exactly what they said.
Weird. That's basically every game of CE I've played on the MCC.
As a privately owned business, Wal-Mart has every right to deny any sort of business they choose, such as decorating a cake with the Confederate Flag (never mind that's not what that flag is, but that's another discussion).
Only in split screen, though. I'd happily take some performance issues if it meant split screen came back.
I would be genuinely surprised if it did.
The HRUNTING/YGGDRASIL Mark I eventually led to the Mantis. In some respects, the HRUNTING/YGGDRASIL systems are superior, but I think the overall mobility and agility provided by Mjolnir has advantages, too. Both armor systems have their advantages and disadvantages, depending on the situation.
Absolutely, but put him against an army (all at once, not bottle-necked like in the games) or against an aircraft, and the Mantis would be a good choice of combat vehicle.
My thoughts exactly. Still, it looks damn cool!
Could be, but I'm still more inclined to think it was recovered from Genesis.
Theoretically yes, but after Meridian, they had no reason to believe he would return until Osiris encountered him a second time on Sanghelios.
An excellent point!
I would recommend a second or third playthough. I was amazed at how much I missed the first time, especially as I started taking my time to traverse each level.
Because of their gameplay in the past, or just as enemies? If the former, I feel for you. I sincerely hope that 343 has the mind to seriously overhaul Flood AI and gameplay if they return.
Amen to that. Escalation was extremely disappointing, especially since hinting at Halo 5's events would have been so fucking easy. Literally one or two lines when Halsey was accessing the Absolute Record.
I'm sure they tried the Guardians at some point.
Well, this is very unfortunate. On the surface, the new options seem fantastic, but if this is the case, well....fuck.
Pretty much. Although, UNSC vs. Reapers might be a more interesting fight.  EDIT: A good video to compliment that one:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_Loc7qX7FI
&gt; Here's to that!  I'm not sure I entirely agree, but I can't fault Disney for their decision. Plus, considering how much of the "Legends" canon the new canon has already drawn from, it seems Disney hasn't completely disregarded it all.
&gt; It'd probably take more effort or the same that's put into a remix  A good analogy, I'd say.  &gt; I'd like maps on shanhelios  I think we all would
What Halo 6 needs is time. To, what has become abundantly clear is that games are getting too big and complicated for the old 3 year development cycle. In the case of Halo, this is abundantly true, especially with what fans are demanding from main-entry Halo titles these days.
God, that awful music. At least the "rave music" in Halo 4 were remixes of songs on the Halo 4 soundtrack. This? Seriously 343, WTF?
It's a nice peak into the post-Halo 5 universe.
Indeed indeed. Maybe, for a level, players could visits one of these planets being terraformed, or re-terraformed, saving Humans that would be wiped out by the process, or stopping it to save a colony.
I swear, one way or another, we need Human enemies in Halo 6. I wouldn't believe for a second that all Humanity would be against Cortana. In fact, I can almost imagine Spartans teaming up with former insurrectionists. They didn't want to submit to UNSC control, so no way they'd give in to Cortana.
Made worse by the fact that he just has this blank face the whole time. I'm thinking, "This isn't John! This is nothing like John!"
If they are featured, I think it's likely we'll just see a link to the Spartan Games article (as has been the trend in the past). I think this week is still focusing on the *Infinity's Armory* update.
I'd watch that for a dollar!
&gt; The environments looked cool  Really cool! It's crazy how different the environment concepts were from the character concepts, like they were for two completely different games.
Season 13 was fantastic! We're likely months away from season 14, so it's a good time to get back into the series.
I'm right there with you. Halo is rip for live action, especially a high-quality production. And honestly, much as people clamor for a Halo movie, I'm personally of the mind that a TV show has significantly more potential (as I think DC's current Flarrow-verse is proving). More stories, characters, developments, etc.   While I am fairly concerned at this point, I think there's still hope for the TV show. The shut-down of Xbox's TV division was really what set back Halo, but given 343's investment in live-action, there's still a glimmer of hope.
The JFK assassination, though none of the purposed theories were even remotely correct. The real conspiracy was the Warren commission being mislead by the Zapruder film (assuming it captured the entire assassination) and the problem of too many cooks when it came to who was incharge of the investigation. In short, it was sloppy and people were misdirected.  Beyond that, I've never found a conspiracy theory that remotely convinced me the further I looked into it.
The existence of aliens isn't really a conspiracy theory. Plenty of real scientists and science communicators believe that alien life, and even intelligent alien life is very possible, even likely.  The conspiracy is that aliens were somehow involved with the development of intelligent life and/or Human civilization. Or that they abduct people. Pick your conspiracy.
Yeah I've seen that before, but there's virtually no evidence for it. Not that I've seen, anyway.
Regarding the setting specifically, when I analyzed this level recently, more than a few people suggested that the level happened inside the Cryptum, as in, Blue Team was basically teleported straight into the Cyptum and the events of the level were imagined. That sits no better with me than the idea of the level taking place in the Domain, but, well, I thought I'd pass it along.  Regarding the whole idea of the level being one psychological ploy, the Warden in on the trick the whole time, I personally have to believe it to be true. The dialogue throughout the missions heavily implies this. It could always be that the writing was purposefully misleading (and honestly, who would be surprised?) but I'd like to try and give 343 the benefit of the doubt. I don't know why, but I do.  The cap image at the end was perfect!  Overall, I actually enjoyed the Breaking. It's probably my favorite Blue Team mission in the game, though I won't deny that the music plays a big part in that. Still, for my praise, the mission has some serious issues as you pointed out.
I'd still recommend reading it once, forming your own opinion. I hated the book, but I can still recommend others read it.
&gt; Like Hunters in the Dark said, by opening other portals and getting resources from other planets.  That seems iffy. We know the portal system wasn't exactly well maintained.
I think there has to be some kind of strength increase. Jaune certainly got better after his aura was unlocked. However, the show is fairly inconsistent with how it demonstrates feats of strength.  The best example that comes to mind is an instance from volume 2. Ruby wields Crescent Rose, a weapon that must weigh quite a bit to do what it does, with ease. However, when she looses it briefly in Vol. 2 and has to fight Roman, her hits are pretty weak.  So...yeah.
EDIT: I R stupid  &gt; Spartan III ~~Gamma~~ company  ~~Beta~~
You're right, I did misread it. Thanks!
It is, which is why I said "average". Some show signs sooner, some later.
&gt; It still just comes across as Cortana throwing a tantrum to me.  I tend to agree, but I wanted to try and explain what her view on the matter may be.
