&gt;I really don't think it is the right time to speculate about the exact cause of death at this time  I agree, but Lord Oakeshott seems to have little doubt as to what happened. Very sad.
I don't think they will be competitive on any level. ELO has them rated at 75th in the world, and only 32 teams will qualify. I'd be surprised if they didn't loose every match by 8 goals.
Yes, their marketing could have been better. Now they sell 30ml, but you get two bottles, so it's 60ml, but I don't know why they don't just state that it's 60ml?  Unless you only get 2x15ml bottles!
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-16104275  Well, he did block one thing, only for the EU to sign a different agreement without us.  It doesn't seem like we'd loose anything of value.
Coupe.   I think that's a Bugatti Type 57, so do a search for cars from that era.
&gt; Prohibition has never, will never work.  I agree, but I think we're in a new era.  For years the types of drugs that people take has been fairly constant. With new legal highs, and two new drugs a week being discovered, it's impossible to regulate them, or to be aware of the consequences of the new drugs.   I think the only way to control drugs is by regulating the sale of traditional drugs, which hopefully will result in the demise of the legal highs.
&gt; We could also make a very strong case the junior doctors are paid less than equivalents abroad, and that is the reason so many leave for Australia and New Zealand. We could make a case for virtually every public sector worker of some kind.   What's that got to do with it? You create a somewhat ridiculous thread about MPs pay and then go off on a tangent about fuck all.  &gt;MPs happen to have a 'regulator' who makes the case for them without MPs themselves having to make the case at all. If teachers announced they didn't need a pay rise for the next five years would we see the department of Education step in and demand that they had one? I doubt it.   Perhaps that's happened, I don't know, do you?
&gt; You can't effectively have a monetary union without a fiscal union.  I agree, and that is why the € is doomed to fail.   1999 - "*Let's have a common currency.*"  2015 - "*This doesn't work very well.*"  No shit...
The video is woeful. It looks like someone watched the "Blurred Lines" Robin Thicke video and tried to copy it.  It's an interesting idea. I don't know if it'll catch on, but I think it's worth remembering that the majority of vapers don't go much beyond cigalikes, so I have no doubt that it'll work for some.
We might not yet know the full risks of *any* drug, prescribed or not.   What I'm certain of though is that we don't know the risks of any of the new legal highs. How can we when they are being released at a rate of two a week?  Tetrazepam was tested, and on sale for decades I believe, yet now it's banned in the EU. How can a government legalise the new highs, only to find out in a few years that everyone who took it is terminally ill?   I think it's pragmatic to decriminalise and control the conventional drugs, but I think we need to be very cautious with the new laboratory created drugs.
It demonstrates a serious amount of misunderstanding to try an insult someone in this manner, and I find it quite worrying that people who, I presume, consider themselves to be politically aware, could cast such inaccurate aspersions.   I understand that certain sections of the media enjoy portraying UKIP in a negative light, but that it actually translates into popular opinion is very disheartening.
Again, I'm really surprised by their attitude. It's the first time I've ever seen negative stories about donating, and the woman you spoke to clearly wasn't cut out for her job.  I'd just like to pick up on something though. You say that donating "is in no way, shape or form a favour you are doing for me", and you are partially right, but given that the uses for donations are Surgical, Haematology, Gastro intestinal bleeding, Anaemia and Maternity, in that order, it's unlikely that someone you care about hasn't benefited from donations.   I'm thinking about linking this thread to the NHS. The reason for the decline in donations might be more complex than they thought.
Don't think it is. Neil said he didn't make it I believe.  Richard Biggs. Bit of a knob imo.
A carbonated penalty?
&gt; However if there's ever going to be a situation which warrants it, then this must be it.  Why? It's deeply, deeply offensive, and I sincerely hope that whoever wrote that has had a life ending accident by now, but it's *only* an insult. The Nevilles don't deserve that sort of abuse from anyone, but it simply isn't a police matter.   &gt;Those of us who would normally say the police shouldn't get involved in these kinds of things - are you having second thoughts when it's this bad?  No. If it's a physical threat, yes, but this isn't. The police can't monitor shades of insults, and if they did, I feel, sadly, that they would get more wrong than they do right.  What's the solution? Well, after a pub visit, here's my best effort. An Internet Offence Panel. The IOP (easy to type too), would award points to the victims from 1 to 10. A one gives you the the address and name of the offender, and the right to throw a custard pie in their face. A 10 gives you the right to do what ever you like to the offender that isn't death. Occasionally someone might be granted an 11, like Spinal Tap.   Please don't try to get the police involved in what's tasteful, insulting, humours or offensive. It just wouldn't work.
There was no hate crime. A hate crime has to involve a level of violence.
No, sadly they didn't.  *threatening behaviour* - There were no threats    *assault* - There was no assault  *robbery* - No theft  *damage to property* - No damage  *inciting others to commit hate crimes* - No incitment   *harassment* - No harassment, just a deeply unpleasant opinion.    Offensive? With no doubt, but it's not a police matter.
Sorry, I thought that was a given. I thought the discussion was about insults like "*Phil Neville's daughter is a spastic, she's a Cyclops and she has eight toes*".   Is this thread really about the death and rape threats? It's a given that the police should be involved in them, as they already are, and I think it's you who got a bit confused as to what the OP said,   *"Those of us who would normally say the police shouldn't get involved in these kinds of things - are you having second thoughts when it's this bad?"*.  That was the core of the debate.   As I see it, it's the level of insult and accountability that's the subject.
I think what would happen is that we'd see a massive rise in crime.
I believe that it's actually your duty to take any boat back to where it came from if it's not seaworthy and in international waters.
&gt; All because they have broken international law does not mean we should  It's not against international law, in fact it's exactly what Italy used to do until 2011 when they introduced their Mare Nostrum law.  Given the figures since then, I don't think that there's and doubt at all that Mare Nostrum encouraged thousands more to try and make the journey, as the chances of success where greatly increased.
&gt; If you get caught and get dumped back at the official port (which is equipped to house people) where's the incentive to risk death.  Many of these people have zero chance of being granted asylum because they come from *relatively* stable countries. Why would they go through the official channels with no chance of being granted asylum?
But your idea would make sod all difference.   If you have a legitimate claim for asylum, you go through your Libyan based immigration control.  If you don't have a legitimate claim for asylum, you pay someone a huge amount of money on a deserted beach with 200 other people to go in a dilapidated boat.  What needs to change is the Italian's Mare Nostrum law. Although I have no doubt that it was created with good intentions, it's actually ended up being responsible for the death of thousands.
&gt; And my system also would take passengers from such boats back to the immigration centre/refugee camp. It's not perfect, but I just can't see a way to halt the current situation without fixing the situation in Libya to some degree.  And after that? We don't know where they're from, so they would just be in limbo forever. Why create that burden for ourselves when we could reduce the incentive to make the journey?   What we need to do is to remove the incentive to travel. It's not a matter of being in-compassionate, it's about having rules that deter people from taking ridiculous risks. If we don't do something I believe that this will continues for many years, much like the Calais camp situation.
&gt; For example, the largest annual percentage increase in net migration in the UK in the last 25 years was between 1993 and 1994... but that doesn't tell us the whole story.  Wow. What an incredibly disingenuous stat.
Are those really oysters in the second picture? They look like oysters, but oysters on steroids.   I love oysters, but I'd want a knife and fork to eat them.
I was watching someone on TV the other day who claimed that the NHS doesn't buy centrally, meaning that they don't exploit the huge purchasing power that they could have.  It's incredible that an organisation with as many highly paid staff as they have, is overlooking one of the most fundamental cost cutting measures available.
I don't see it as a party issue. It's not as if the NHS, or many other government organisations, have been run particularly efficiently under either party.   It's an interesting point to remember when the subject of decentralisation comes up though.
And so they should.  The strange thing is how out of step the NHS are with modern business. It's not a revelation that central purchasing power is more efficient. It's how supermarkets, and many other businesses have been operating for decades. Now we have Lord Carter talking as if he's just discovered gravity.   Any half decent mid-management guy from a procurement and logistics background could highlight their errors, yet every few years the government sets up an  investigation about how to make the NHS more efficient, only to find that the most fundamental issues are in chaos.
Perhaps just a deposit? £10 which won't get taken from your card if you turn up.
So what Lord Carter is suggesting is illegal?
The contracts must have an expiry date, so we just don't renew them.   It was over a year ago that Jeremy Hunt came out with [the same idea as Carter](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-27179905), and yet here we are in exactly the same position we were a year ago.   I'm sure that it's perfectly possible, although it may take a while to implement.
Eh?  &gt;The UK ranks #2 overall.  Either way, the discussion is about wasted funds. It doesn't matter if we're 1st if we are wasting billions every year.
I'm all for EVs of every type, but I do object to this.  &gt;The new fleet has been made possible by Green Bus Funding (approx £566k) which was awarded to First Bus by the Department for Transport.  Why are tax payers paying for this? First Bus is a plc. I don't see why they should be subsidised by the tax payer.
I should imagine you're right, but I'm still not comfortable with it. Companies should buy their own stock.  Just a thought, but if you owned a fleet of diesel buses, would you go out and buy new ones, or wait for a call from the Green Bus Fund offering to buy them for you?  I think it would make more sense to tell all the companies that they have X years to switch over.
People seem to think that if you can join the forces, you should be allowed to vote, [but recently the wisdom of letting 16 year olds join has come under question](http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/jun/21/war-veterans-call-for-britain-to-stop-enlisting-teenage-soldiers).  If it was agreed that you need to be 18 to join the forces, I wonder if we would see the end of the calls to vote at 16.
&gt;Westminster uses them to defend "national security"  So did the Stasi and KGB.
And at 10 you can be arrested, and if you are 17 you can't go to an adult prison.  I think it's irrelevant what you can do at what age. The age of suffrage, and anything else for that matter, has to be decided on it's own merits.
&gt;  Voting is a right, derived from the principle of taxation = representation  I don't think that's correct. 'No taxation without representation' came from the early days of the US. I'm not sure that the same principal has been used in earnest over here.
&gt;These bad polls may have affected how people voted, they may have damaged democracy  It's your choice as to how much credence you give them. If you let them influence your decision *that* much, I question your value as a voter.   As for the 'damaged democracy', I award you the r/ukpol 2016 Histrionics Prize.   &gt;In 2016 we will have the results of the BPC inquiry  He talks about it as if it's some national disaster. It's not. It's an industry highlighting their true value.   They don't fucking know anything. No one does. If there were pollsters who were exceptionally good, they wouldn't be spending day after day on the streets with a clipboard asking the public questions, in fact they wouldn't be pollsters. Instead they would be making a killing at the bookies at 7/1 that Dave has an outright.   I think that the article highlights a real problem. Public opinion. Specifically that public opinion is that pollsters are held in high esteem.   It's an educated guess, nothing more.
The Telegraph is suggesting that over 2,000 letters were sent in support of Ball, from every sector of the establishment.   I find it very disconcerting.
I'd guess that there used to be sinks there.
In what way is it better than a kit car? It *is* a kit car.
&gt;TVR is indeed 'back,' and has already sold the full production run of their first car.   Well, they would say that, wouldn't they?   I have immense respect for Gordon Murray, he's achieved incredible things, but where is the T25? Where is iStream? Are *any* manufacturers using his system? I think one company in India considered it, but I'm not sure it was ever implemented.   Conceptually he's leagues ahead of anyone else, but since he left F1 a decade ago nothing seems to have materialised.   &gt;It's a staggering jump forward for them  Going from their own chassis, body *and* engine design and being a truly independent manufacturer, to using a mass production engine in their cars is a "staggering jump forward"? It's not really is it. It's a step back if anything, and what they are trying to do now is exactly what Wiesmann tried. Admittedly TVR has a deeper heritage than Wiesmann, but I don't think that alone will be enough for them to survive.    &gt;and the opportunity to own a car with that sort of pedigree was understandbly irresistible.  Yet the public have resisted *exactly* that temptation from *many* dozen of manufacturers who've tried to re-invent themselves in the past.   &gt;This success will have the automotive world looking forward to the next offering they have planned.  I really hope you're right. I think that their lack of ambition on the technology front though will leave people feeling numb. If it was an EV/Hybrid with the promise of more advanced technology in the future, I'd agree, but what are they offering? A big lump of a V engine on a light chassis? The Bentley Blower did that 90 years ago.   I'm far more excited to see what happens to a £55k next generation Tesla than I am about the next generation £50k TVR, and that's presuming that it actually *is* £50k.   I can't think of a successful UK manufacturer who's unique selling point is a fucking big engine. In fact I can't think of a UK manufacturer who's selling point is purely power. Ariel, Ginetta, Caterham and Lotus is all about handling.   I know I sound like a doom-monger, but it's exceptionally difficult to revive a brand, regardless of heritage, but even more so if you ignore current trends.    Edit: Just realised we have a TVR owner here. Hopefully u/pdm0 will comment.
Step 1. Cut off her hands so she can't scrub anything.    Step 2. Rebuild your relationship and the tea staining on your mug simultaneously.
&gt; The F-Type R is all about a massive engine, it's doing all right. I know Jag aren't a boutique sports car maker.  The markets for an F and a TVR are a *million* miles apart.  Funnily enough, I was going to mention Jaguar earlier about how manufacturers have to repackage and rebrand occasionally, and how Jaguar was really going to go to the wall when all they had was the X and S models (retro XJ and Mk2), and how they managed to survive by recognising all their faults.      &gt; All the points you make are valid. Especially reviving a sports car brand now, as we seem to be transitioning into a new hybrid performance era.   I honestly hope that what you're saying is right, and that I'm wrong, but I can name so many UK sport car manufacturers who are no longer. The only ones who exist now are light and have a small engine with good output, which isn't the direction TVR are going. We've yet to see what happens to Bristol Cars does, but I'd love to see a new Fighter.
I think you're getting confused with Indonesia.
I think you'd need a bitterness to it too. This might work, or it might not.  http://www.flavourart.co.uk/flavour-enhancers.html  There are hop vapes available.  http://frontiervapor.com/hop-harvest  There's already an IPA out there, although I don't know how good it is.  http://thedailyvapeshop.com/product/royal-flush-the-joker/
To be honest I'm surprised that this is still an issue.
&gt; I'd like to point out that I've read popcorn lung never was causally associated with diacetyl in those factories  http://www.medicinenet.com/popcorn_lung_symptoms_and_causes/views.htm  I think an association was made, but I don't think people who smoke have been affected with it.   I'd try to avoid it because it's easy to do so.
