1976 JGB is some of my fave music in the world. So damn mellow, beautiful and THAT WHITE TB GUITAR. That guitar tone is just so damn unique and yet quintessential Jerry. They could release the entire year ( if they had them ) and I would be in heaven.
I can happily help, really not any different once you are set up. Do you use Mac or PC ? Do you have a torrent client ( a program that Downloads the torrents you click ) ?
Ok, PC is easiest of the two. So the first thing you need to do is right click desktop make a new folder call it Music say. Next DL qbittorrent ( link below ).  Install program, click the DL link on any of the torrents I linked, in a moment your qbittorent will open and ask where to dl it to ?  Click the window, hit desktop, and your new music folder, ok. Thats it. Qbittorent will run all your download torrents including movies, music, comics, books etc etc. It is lightweight ( will not use up any memory ) and does not track you with cookies etc. qbittorent is very easy to use and completely intuitive, it does not " play " your files, it is just used for downloading.  http://www.qbittorrent.org
If you want a great free audiophile program to play your flacs without converting them try Aimp3. It makes most other players sound and look as bad as they actually are. It also plays 24bit, flac, sacd, dvda etc. etc. http://www.aimp2.us/aimp3-download.php
GDT is the most over fluffed under delivering film maker I can think of. Pacific Rim was beyond horrible, ive never witnessed worse dialogue and acting in a movie theatre in my life. I still have not made it through Crimson Peak, its painfully written and horribly acted despite having maybe the best cast of any movie this year. It takes an incredible amount of work to make the cast of crimson peak act as terribly as they did.
Completely agree, I had not seen a movie that bad since Yor Hunter From The Future and that was 30 years.
I disagree somewhat. Not the show, obviously some of the most incredible moments, and that show has brought me to some very special places ( talking to you Christmas Eve 1993 ). Its the sound quality, its just not exactly perfect. If you listen to it side by side with many bootlegs or any other official release from that period you will find the soundscape to be particularly shallow. If you listen on some good headphones side by side with the Charlie Miller remaster of the show ( bonus you get to hear the entire show ) you may hear what I am talking about.  https://archive.org/details/gd1973-12-19.sbd.miller.97361.sbeok.flac16
I think Phil thought it was a bit self indulgent, but the backlash from the fans that got back to Phil taught him a lesson that the band were a bit too close to the music and that they should take a step back and let the fans have it how it was played.
That was not a fun half of football. Seahawks look flat and uninspired. I expect a diffent Seahawks second half.
Only a complete loser headcase would think this win would be something to gloat about.
You can not buy meth and crack 24-7 out in Prospect Lake, lets be reasonable.
Its mushy and tasteless, but it is not horrible.
I did not hate Bin4s version, it was ok, I tried it twice caveat to go, i bet they are better fresh. Costcos is just their version of Moneys Garden Burger, the original is much better IMO, they don't have much taste but at least they are not fake meat which I find gross.
Looking forward to trying this, thanks!
Dude, you HAVE TO try it!
will do, making a hit list!
*IF the Queen dies. Not so sure she will ever die, I am leaning towards the strong possibility she is a cyborg.
Jerry once said that if he had to pick just one instrument to play it would of been the pedal steel, but he said to be proficient at it its all he could of played. I often wonder when was the last time he played it, did he have Gris over to the house over the garage and jam out on his pedal steel and banjo ? Did he sit down at the piano and still compose ala he did for Terrapin in 77 ? If so when?
72 Fall Philo Stomps is Phil at his pinnacle ( not that im arguing, 73 is beyond epic ). Philo Stomp -- 10/24/72  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQXy2az5_LA
The Orcas at Oakbay Marina, but it may be best to try and forget that all together ( HTF was that allowed to go on ?!? )
and zero character development.
Oh I get it, and it will make 2 billion. But it will not be a movie, it will 2 hour action sequence. I would far prefer a movie more in the realm of the first two thirds of the Star Trek reboot. NOTHING HAPPENS. Its just great dialogue with character building.
Thanks for giving me permission for skipping the premiere.
Not excited by this honestly. I will get it and listen to it, but not at all what I was hoping for ( full show from 70-71 era maybe one with an unplugged set ).
She is just plain AMAZING in JGB 76-78. Jerry said the vocal blend in that period went unmatched his career.
The Cons are really terrible at opposition. The irony, and just general befuddlement is entertaining in a way, but I also feel almost embarrassed for them.
I thought the ministry was putting everyone up in hotels.
TERRIBLE black Friday and Boxingday sales. I had giftcards and did not buy a thing.
VERY good point, I suppose I can always use an extra external HD.
Minister was on CBC this morning to give some details. This girl is NOT the only person under ministry care living at "tent city". I can not think of a single part of the provincial government more embarrassing than the ministry of children. It is a complete shit-show from the top on down.
Put her in a mental ward if they can not do "anything" else. At least she can get some therapy before she becomes a drug addicted hooker or worse. A judge needs to do something before it is too late, this is a CHILD under the Provinces care.
I do not find this to be true.
Blows my mind to think Jerry is playing in a motel bar a mere weeks after the GDs Fall 72 tour.
I get the feeling from bits ive seen and read that this strays from the game in that he flips between different time periods; intentionally or not. Or correct me, maybe that is what the game entails ? Either way I am very intrigued and am a sucker for time travel.
and women. I would rather see a woman as the lead in an action-secret agent-spy movie. Toss in a woman director as well.
Hopefully they keep up flapping their lips because it makes me laugh.
Wow did not realize, thanks for bringing this to my attention.....
Vinyl Rips will be around, and im sure they sound incredible. All the other RSD vinyls have been transfered to Flac im sure this one is no different. GL poke around.
Well, that will spell the END to R rated large budget movies. Fuck you China.
I always wondered why it was labeled Cryptical??
True, but this one always struck me as particularly odd as we know Cryptical is a suite of music, it would be the same as saying --1977 they played Weather Report Suite when they played Let It Grow. - Or maybe I am missing something ?
I thought that was going to be the case this year, then we played a third of our games like a junior b college team.
Did anyone criticize Coach ? He is by far my favourite coach in the league, that beig said our offencive calls at times were pathetic and the players picked for offencive line were a horrible joke, I am not sure how much of that blame sits on Coaches shoulders, some I am sure. Hopefully these things are looked at closely.
I think you can be thankful that we have a great team and be angry with the team not coming close to their potential. I do not see it as an either or.
I think even public schools would benefit from uniforms. One last distraction, one less thing for kids to be teased about or looked down on for. See the benefit it has done for Public Charter Schools.
No, no we do not, and anyone who does needs an education on what a continuing deteriation of the envirement will actually COST. Cost as in dollars, lots and lots of dollars.
LCD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Band rocks so friggin hard. Can not wait to see them back on a live stage.
Well now I know its just you; you can not relate to Seinfeld either ? Duuuude you have issues.
Great choice. Much better choice than the 76 show IMO.
Things racists say for $200 Alex.
