these are both some really smart coaches
goddamn lebron is pushing off like crazy rn
it was a travel though
its one fucking quarter of one game just shut up
this is an ugly way to end the game
horrible horrible game by curry jesus. the plus is that this was just about as bad as he couldve played
i fucking love fesus ezeli
Age isn't the same as maturity
As far as I'm concerned he is
Nah that's you man
The playoffs bring out the worst in these fools
They're in the finals why the fuck would he leave
its not a misuse if everyone's doing it. its also been used like that for hundreds of years too. it aint new. the only thing thats new is people complaining about it tryna feel superior bout some menial shit
ive said why its not a mistake. its not a mistake because people use it and people understand what you mean what you say it. Its not a mistake if a significant part of the population does it
thats not true either. dont take anything you learned in english class when it comes to language as truth. at best its preferences. english majors are not linguists. they are perfectly acceptable in aave for example and maybe other dialects that im unaware of as well
or because its a huge task with no feasible way to make it work. the asoiaf world is huge and representing it in game form in a way that stays true to asoiafs strengths while also being a good game that appeals to the fans is an impossible task practically
Ive explained why you wrong. youre wrong because thats not how it works. its not a mistake because you think it is. its not a mistake because people use it that way. thats how language works. if a significant portion of the language speaking population uses something someway it is automatically acceptable even if it wasnt before. thats how languages change. they dont change due to some prescriptivist rules declaring what is right and wrong, they change based on usage
you said that people using literally to mean anything not literal was a mistake in your eyes. im sayin thats not the right assessment. thats all im arguing. ive stated why i believe that and why the linguistic community believes that. thats all im gonna say
thj isnt that good
yeah because that shit is impossible. 15lbs of pure muscle in a month is not possible. 15lbs total sure, you could probably gain that in a day, weight fluctuates so much
if he worked harder, he could be 6 feet by now!
klay sucks tho amirite
this fucking offense is beautiful
who needs curry when u have clark
that was nasty af
they aint even that good
I mean, he hits 3s at a great rate, can dribble drive, can post up a bit and obviously is an amazing passer. not a high volume scorer but he can do quite a bit on that end
clark is a mini curry
team option i believe
its pretty lax from what i know, and im sure thats intentional. there isnt much benefit in trying to crack down on PED use imo
all i can do is laugh at this point
definitely but yrn was more impactful i think
i dont think you understand how hard it is to write books of this nature
he should of gotten it last season too but some dipshits left him off their votes completely
ARE YOU FUCKIN KIDDIN ME WHAT IS THIS GAME
im fucking done with this game cmon warriors make a fucking shot
to be fair, keef has still released a lot of (excellent) music despite the disappointment
no i think its noah shebib and drake is gonna be on swish and vice versa
Honest was great, do people here really hate it?
anybody who bets against gsw hasnt been paying attention
maybe because hes an elite defender?
i think its just a matchup and how the other team defends. our bench units offense is generally not the best since there isnt much spacing so if they can contain the drive they usually suck
and people wanna crown him goat over MJ smh. MJ was fucking dominant night in night out in every aspect
youd think hed fucking learn that systems matter after winning in miami
ian clark is fucking money personified
love is absolutely garbage at D. i would be fucking livid if i had to play with him
the cavs just need time to gel
well because love's d has been absolutely atrocious and he hasnt hit shit all game either. do you expect there to be positive comments about him?
i mean, he did drop the shoulder thats pretty unnecessary and excessive
youre just mad because the grizzlies still dont know the 3pter exists
