&gt;Hillary claims ISIS has been using videos of Trump (past tense)  &gt;nothing turns up, clear and obvious lie  &gt;Hillary fabricates and edits a video from 2013 from al-Sabaab and tries to use that as ammo  &gt;even though it's NOT ISIS and IT'S A FUCKING FAKE    a very low energy edit
Better than being a cuck like bernie.  &gt;raising some slut's kid  &gt;too weak to stand up to BLM protesters  &gt;can't control his mic  &gt;apologizes to that criminal harpy fucking Hillary
They will win, gabbert will throw picks and be on the floor most of the game. We will get top 3 pick since we will get the one above CLE since they blew us out and the already one a divisional game.
&gt;What else can I help you learn about Trump?  Tell me how he's going to make America great.
Tomsbula is the worst, he's lost out there and he is in over his head. Every press conference after a blowout loss he say something in the lines of "we are going to keep the same scheme, we don't need to change anything" The players look so low energy out there, missing tackles, failing assignments, giving up on plays, and drawing flags; it's a huge mess.    I know we have lost alot of core players, but there is no excuses for the low discipline on this team. He hasn't prepped them enough in practices. He hasn't said anything about the terrible play calling on offense,and the suspect play calling on defense. Who the fuck does zone coverage on Antonio brown?  Get em out of here
Because the NO defense was one of the worst ever, Sean doesn't pick defensive players, or create defensive schemes.
&gt;TYT  into the Trash. "I do yoga" "i'm very extroverted" this video sucks.
they're getting stronger
That sense of optimism that we are going to do good and that our young players are going to step up
&gt; Greg Oden   he isn't fucking 27,
They aren't winning games anymore, they are losing to SEATTLE, CARDINALS,RAMS. The other team are bringing blitzes, linebackers, stunts. They need to build a big beautiful wall around their quarterback. They need to get rid of all the incompetent coaches and replace them with smart people.  This team is ran by stupid leaders folks, it's ran by very stupid people. Here you got Jed and the majority of the faithful hate him because he's a complete moron. He fired one of the best coaches they had since Walsh because of locker room political correctness and brought in a tired,low energy, and un-charismatic man. He can't get his team motivated to win games, he's terrible. I'm sure he's good at other things like pizza making, sure. However coaching isn't one of them. People, let me tell you, the only way this team will be great is if they fire all the incompetent coaching and draft great players. You need to get rid of Jed and bring back Eddie to make the forty niners great again!
beards are for dudes with overbites.
pete is like 70 going on 12
seattle is hot.
I don't think I could take another seattle win.
I bet the dinner they're having is god tier
Carr&gt;teddy  Wilson is a top 3 if not top 2 QB in the NFL right now. Anyone who denies that is delusional.  Hopkins&gt;ODBJ  Romo should retire and Dallas should get Goff  there i said it.
&gt; Trump planted him to sabotage the dems  &gt;all that asspain on /r/sanders would be glorious
trump's interview got 3k dislikes in minutes. I despise that cunt Hillary
That's like being CEO of Subway then being demoted to sandwich artisan.
If you don't like it than get the fuck off the computer.
mark sucks a good dick
Holly shit he's a cuck
what do we have to lose?
&gt;no mayonnaise   &gt;no lemon   &gt;no tomatoes    What a shit recipe
I'm calling it how I see it. Seattle will win in CAR in blowout fashion.   &gt;best receiver is ted gin JR  &gt;against herman   &gt;the only reason why they won last game because wager was out  and lane is back   It's going to be over by the 3rd quarter and cam is going to cry about lynch doing the superman after they lose the game and go 4-12 next season.
Holly shit. rams go back to LA, we get chip. wat a time to be alive.
Canadian's BTFO. Canada on suicide watch.
This is going to be a fun ride m8.
They will win a Superbowl in our lifetime.
Nah. This game is going down in the books as one of the greatest playoff game ever. I feel honored to have watched it.
it was apart of his plan. 1/16 was a inside job.
The internet is serious business.
with cruz, you lose
No one is equal to the Donald. the trump stumping has gone global.
fuck. Still qt though
With cruz you lose.
If you're objectively ugly you will know.
This can be good. We sucked last year
Trump should get a restraining order for what he did to Jeb.
&gt; Chip has proven he can be competitive without a top tier QB.   He reminds me of BB
People who are in relationships are more driven because they have something to work towards.
He looks like the type of guy who blows the guy before he watches him fuck his wife.
He wears a hoodie to hide his mantits.
I don't think it was fun.
Goodjob op. Never give up the window seat.
actually this sounds good.
Buying overpriced filters to be pretentious.
&gt; I won't mention the reasons why this is specifically happening in the USA   I'll do it for you, it's cultural Marxism. We were all indoctrinated since grade 1-collge, the pendulum will swing to the other side in our lifetime. But we will be old.
So is isreal, we should follow them
