Yeah it's pretty funny, when people talk about how many "self-made" billionaires there are, they're often referring to people born into families that were "only" at the 95th percentile for wealth.  [For example](http://www.cnbc.com/id/49167533), Forbes considers 70% of American billionaires to be "self made".  But that group includes not only people like Mark Zuckerberg, whose parents were a dentist and a psychiatrist (and thus would be in the wealthiest 5% of families), but it even includes people who inherit "medium-sized companies" or more than $1 million (but less than $50 million) of start-up capital.
&gt;Despite the the outcry of hippies and Reddit, the demand for oil is not going to go away soon  That's beside the point though, because the proposed bitumen pipelines are not needed at current production levels.  If we maintain current levels of oil sands production for now, and then start to gradually reduce production as we reduce our dependency on petroleum fuels, we will not need these new pipelines.  Alberta is already pumping a lot of oil, we don't need to triple oil sands from current production levels (1.8 million barrels/day) to 5.2 million barrels/day by 2030, which is the stated intention of the 4 pipeline proposals.  Our country is supposedly aiming for a 30% *reduction* in greenhouse gases by 2030, yet we're going along with the oil industry's plan to *increase* oil sands production by 200% over the same time span?  Those goals are incompatible, and to me that's a problem.  &gt;95% of the gas used by Metro Vancouver gas stations comes through the TransMountain pipeline  But isn't that irrelevant to the proposed twinning of the pipeline?  As far as I'm aware, none of Metro Vancouver's gas will come through the additional pipeline, since it will be carrying unrefined bitumen, to be loaded onto tankers and shipped straight to China.
Ha, you don't have to be a hippie to disagree with the pipeline proposals.  Well let's look at it this way: oil sands production in 2012 was 1.8 million barrels/day, and that oil got to market via existing transportation options, mostly existing pipelines.  I can't find numbers for 2014, but in [2013](http://www.energy.alberta.ca/oilsands/791.asp) production was apparently 1.98 million barrels/day.  Now the following pipelines have been proposed, to enable a major expansion of the oil sands:  Keystone - 830,000 barrels/day  Energy East - [1.1 million barrels/day](http://www.transcanada.com/news-releases-article.html?id=1746092)  Transmountain - 600,000 barrels/day  Northern Gateway - 525,000 barrels/day  Add those up, and it's over 3 million barrels/day in *additional* capacity for moving bitumen from the oil sands, on top of the capacity already exists.  Even if no pipelines from the oil sands currently existed, that would still be overkill at current production levels.  [This Toronto Star article](http://www.thestar.com/business/economy/2014/01/31/why_is_keystone_so_important_to_supporters_and_opponents.html) lists most of the numbers I mention above, and also shows a helpful graph showing the Canadian Association Petroleum Producers' plans for oil production until 2030.  And it just so happens that their plans include about 3 million barrel/day of oil sands growth, on top of all projects already operating or under construction.  So the 3 million barrels of additional pipeline capacity will be necessary for the oil sands to expand production by an additional 3 million barrels/day.  But at current production levels, they are basically not needed.  Now don't get me wrong, if someone supports the rapid expansion of the oil sands, then it would be reasonable enough for them to also support these pipeline proposals.  But personally, as someone who thinks we've all been kicking the can down the road on climate change for too long, and that we should significantly increase our efforts to begin transitioning away from fossil fuels, I don't support the further expansion of the oil sands (especially considering the magnitude of the proposed increase), and therefore think the pipelines would be a step in the wrong direction.
That's part of the equation, yeah, because they sell to the U.S. for somewhat of a discount (although I think that discount has become smaller lately, since the price of oil fell).
&gt;In the case of pedestrian-car incidents I don't necessarily think that law is correct either. A pedestrian shouldn't be able to get away with jaywalking and getting hit.  But if the pedestrian jaywalked, then in most cases it will pretty easy for the driver to demonstrate that fact, by pointing out the absence of a crosswalk at the place of the accident, or by using eye-witnesses.  And this is still only necessary if the pedestrian was at fault but disagrees or chose to be dishonest about what happened, rather than agreeing with the driver.
Just like how the fixed election date is "fixed", except when it's 2008 and the PM feels like calling a snap election.    The Tories don't *have* to stick to their anti-coalition stance, but they will anyway, because the Liberals would not form a coalition with them anytime soon.  Forming a coalition with the Conservatives would put the Liberals in the same squeeze that the UK Liberal Democrats were in: progressive/centrist voters will lose faith in the Liberals for all of the right-wing policies that get implemented, while conservative voters will give credit to the Conservatives for those same policies, and the extent to which the Liberals reigned in the Conservatives' worst impulses would be hidden and unknown to the public.  As a centrist party, being a junior coalition member is not a good place to be.
Which part of the argument did you find convincing?  It seems to me that she's talking out of both sides of her mouth.  She and the finance ministry say that a reduction in foreign housing investment would have little impact on housing prices, but they also say it would reduce residential real estate sales.  Those two statements don't seem to add up.
&gt;That is not at all what Christy is saying. She doesn't think foreign ownership is the problem, and Vancouver city can take steps to solve this instead of just asking for a tax raise.  Every time she speaks on this issue, she stresses the importance of preserving equity for homeowners, implying that it's a valid reason not to support policies that could help Vancouver's housing prices to decrease (or even increase less rapidly).  For example, she argued against a tax on foreign home-buyers, on the grounds that ["By moving foreign owners out of the market, housing prices will drop".](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/b-c-premier-christy-clark-opposed-to-taxing-foreign-homeowners-1.3072443)  &gt;Gregor is putting on a show admitting there's a problem. The amount of effort he'll put into this will be equivalent to the amount of effort he puts into his ending homelessness promise.  Well Gregor and the city have been approving a lot of new housing development, and I believe they're now trying to collect data on empty homes.  Obviously the city should do more, but as far as I can tell the province is literally doing nothing to try to address this issue.  What do you think the city and province should do?
I'm not sure I agree about the middle-class people being the most affected by a decrease (or stabilization) of housing prices. People with multiple properties can sell off their extra one for profit, and thus benefit from high prices, whereas most middle-class people need to live in their house, so while technically higher housing prices mean they have more wealth, the increasing real estate numbers don't really affect their life (except for requiring higher property tax payments).   They might want to move to a more expensive property at some point, but if their property *and* the prospective property have both fallen in price (since we're assuming a decrease across the whole regional market, not just targeting one person's property), then it'll actually be cheaper for them to make that jump. Let's say someone owns an $800,000 property and wants to upgrade to a $1,000,000 property, then it's a $200k difference. But if property values fell 20%, then they now own a $640,000 place and the place they want is $800,000, so the difference is reduced to $160,000, and they save $40,000 compared to before.  The middle-class homeowners who benefit most from high real estate prices in Metro Van are those who either plan to downsize and pocket the difference (and maybe use it to buy some vacation real estate elsewhere), or plan to move outside of Metro Van, to somewhere with cheaper real estate. Both categories would more often be the empty-nest baby boomers on the verge of retirement, not the 40-something couple working and raising a family in the city.  So essentially, I'm not sure I agree that most middle class homeowners will be hurt by stabilized or decreased housing prices, but I absolutely agree with you that this is a generational issue, first and foremost.
Okay fair enough!  The conversation on this topic jumps around between the many different proposals people have come up with, so I sometimes get mixed up about which one people are referring to.  Absentee homeowners tax? I think it's a good idea, which addresses the core issue.  Foreign investors tax/limits?  Not sure...  Luxury condos tax?  I don't really have a problem with it, and it's a progressive way of raising revenue I suppose, but I'm not sure it'll really address the issue of housing affordability very much.
An absentee homeowners tax is possible within Vancouver's powers?  I hope that's true.  It would actually be ideal if this was introduced as a city-wide policy rather than province-wide, since there are vacation communities in the Okanagan and elsewhere where it wouldn't make sense to apply a tax to absentee homeowners, for their cottages and so on.
Hmm you might be right, I can't say for sure.  But at the same time, I'm not sure how *much* that sentiment had spread to the general voting public, by that point.  Often there's a delay, and first an issue is only well-known among those who closely follow the news and politics (eg. everyone on a subreddit like this), or closely follow that type of topic (eg. environmentalists or oil and gas development proponents), and then people who don't pay close attention to the news gradually hear about it and form opinions later on.  I think Kinder Morgan entered the pubic radar a lot more in 2014, when city councils started declaring their opposition and protests started happening, because that's the stuff that puts it on newspaper headlines and makes it a household conversation topic.
Well here's what our society needs to look like in the **long run**, let's say 50 years from now.  I'm basing this off of an interview I listened to, which featured an environmental economist who had worked on a report, looking at what it would take for Canada to reduce emissions by 90%:  -Electricity must be almost 100% provided by non-emitting sources, meaning hydro, nuclear, solar, wind, and geothermal.  Currently I believe we're in the 70-80% range, so this is actually very achievable, but it'll mean we need much more power from those sources (obviously) and will need to better connect the electric grids between provinces.  For example, BC's grid may need more connections with Alberta's to help them eliminate coal use.  -Personal transportation will need to be almost entirely electric-powered.  Public transit systems, electric cars, and maybe hybrids.  -For freight transportation, electric batteries might not be able to provide enough power, so biofuels could be the best solution here.  -Heating systems for buildings should be powered by electricity, instead of natural gas  -Heavy industries and factories will be the most difficult, since a factory that is built can last 50+ years, rather than being replaced every couple decades like vehicles are, so in 2065 we will still have factories and equipment that were built in 2015.  So adding carbon-capture-and-storage (CCS) may be the most practical option in many cases, so that the industries still create emissions, but those emissions would be re-directed to be buried deep underground  In terms of public policy needed to achieve this vision, the most important thing is to have a carbon tax, so that polluting is no longer free and must be taken into account in business (and personal) decision-making.  And that carbon tax should steadily increase, to create more and more incentives for people to innovate and transition away from highly-polluting activities and fuel sources.  The good thing about carbon taxes (rather than a more heavy-handed regulatory approach) is that it allows individuals and businesses in the market to decide for themselves what the most cost-effective way of reducing their emissions would be.  Because sure, we can sketch out how we envision our clean-energy society looking in 2065, as I did above, but the future is dynamic and people might find more efficient ways of reducing those emissions sources than the ways I outlined.  So using a carbon tax, rather than top-down regulations that require specific changes, allows them the flexibility to find the best approaches.  BTW I have absolutely no idea why you got downvoted here.  Puzzling.
&gt;NDP better get their shit together for the next election.  That, plus people under 40 need actually go to the polls, and remind their friends to go to the polls.
&gt;I get they're different, but there's a similarity between the obviously psychopathic "I'm hurting this animal because it's fun" and the more common "I'm hurting this animal because it tastes good".  That's a good point, and reminds me of something I thought of recently:  Most people would consider killing to be as bad or worse than rape.  Most people also would never have sex with an animal, no matter how pleasurable and amazing it felt, because they would consider that wrong and unethical, since an animal cannot consent.  Yet most people *would* pay to have an animal killed so they can eat its corpse for pleasure, without finding that unethical.  Why?  Are people's ethical justifications determined entirely by social norms, in this case?  After all, it is legal and socially acceptable to kill an animal, but not to have sex with one, even though the killing arguably causes more harm.
Your calculations look fine, but $5 per drink seems high, since I'm assuming a 6 pack of beer would not cost anywhere close to $30 in Ontario...  I think it's better look at it this way: $43/month for the average adult Ontarian.  And considering that many people drink rarely or not at all, I don't find it that hard to believe.
Do you plan to own a car, or will get around on transit and/or bicycle?  That plays a big role in determining which neighbourhoods would be a good fit.  Also do you have preference between a more suburban or urban lifestyle, or don't really care?
It's how our system normally works.  Politicians are supposed to consider evidence and expert opinions, weigh that against public opinion, and then choose a solution and explain their reasoning to the public.  And then the public get a couple years to see how it turns out, and pass judgement at election time.  Instead, the provincial government decided to leave the decision about transit funding *entirely* up to public opinion, which IMO isn't wise for a topic as complex and important as the long-term development of our public transportation system, given that most people have no expertise in any relevant fields, and don't have that much knowledge on the subject.  A plebiscite would be better suited to a more simple question like "should the drinking age be 18 or 19?", not this.
I drive, and I take transit, and I bike.  I wish people would stop viewing these issues as a fight between the different modes of transportation.  We're all just people trying to move around the region, using the methods that fit our situation and needs.
Sure, I understand general criticisms like that, but the fact that I drive a car isn't really relevant to it.  I guess I'm just tired of the idea among some car drivers that we must unite and be outraged anytime someone intrudes on any of "our" road space, as though this is our territory to defend from invaders, like cyclists, pedestrians and yoga-people. I just see it as public space that can be used for a variety of public purposes. Using road space for other purposes isn't always a good idea, but it's not always a bad idea either.
There's a difference between A) constructively discussing ways to improve our city and suggesting ways we can make those changes a reality, and B) bitching and complaining and being negative about everything, and shooting down any constructive suggestions people put forward. This subreddit has too much of the latter, and not enough of the former.
I for one would be happy to see content that is relevant to Canadian society, but isn't Canada-specific.  I also hope we'll see lots of ideas-oriented postings, rather than only postings about recent events.
&gt; school breakfast programs  I don't like cutting that at all.  The problem with assuming that people always make the best choices for their family and are perfectly rational, is that they aren't.  I'm not okay with letting kids born with bad parents go hungry, simply because their parents were given enough money to afford to feed them in theory, but spent the money at the casino instead.
&gt; It's not like child welfare laws would be scrapped at the same time...  Of course, but even with those in place, there are still many negligent or abusive parents who maintain custody of their kids.  I think there are certain public services that exist for very good reasons, and wouldn't be adequately or equitably provided by the private sector, and thus shouldn't be replaced by a simple cash payment.  We can't always assume the recipients will spend the money well, unfortunately, because we aren't nearly as rational as we sometimes like to think.
To be fair, it's a 7-hour shutdown on a Sunday, and there's an 8-lane bridge located 6 blocks away, so it really shouldn't be that big of a deal for commuters. The controversy is mostly about optics (which are only getting worse with her tweet lol), rather than much actual inconvenience.
Abstaining means you get attacked from both sides, and makes it easy for others to portray you as being indecisive.
We don't *need* a bike-share program, but it will improve the city and make it easier for people to get around, just as other types of publicly-funded infrastructure have.  It might not be profitable (especially right away), which is why the private sector wouldn't want to leap in, but even if it takes a reasonably small level of public subsidies to keep the program going, I think it would be worth it.
&gt;I hate it when celebrities weigh it stuff they know nothing about   I don't see why we would assume celebrities can't be well-informed about an issue.  They can spend their time reading and learning about societal issues, just as anybody else can.
Right, and that's why I think it was important and worthwhile for city councils to spend money on promoting the information, since otherwise very few people would see those websites or know the full details of what we're voting on.
I didn't suggest that *all* celebrities are well-informed, just that they can be.
&gt;I really care about climate change, about the importance of evidence in policy formulation, about a criminal justice system that is focused on rehabilitation and not retribution, and about an economic system that doesn't give the most to those who need it least.  Hear, hear.
&gt;They're not "so called visible minorities," they're the majority   The previous article on this subject said that Chinese make up 47% of Richmonders, meaning that there is no majority group.
That's not what the word majority means.  &gt;[Majority: a number that is greater than half of a total](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/majority)
&gt;At the end of the day, 2% will put us tied for the best corporate tax rate in the country with SK and BC  Not quite true: 12% will give Alberta the 4th lowest corporate taxes in Canada.  BC is at 11% (thanks to having a carbon tax), Ontario is at 11.5% and Quebec is at 11.9%.  The other provinces are all at 12% or higher.  But I agree with the essence of what you're saying: Alberta will still have a very competitive corporate tax rate after this increase.  And pardon my language, but it's not exactly a shit-hole that *needs* to have the very lowest possible tax rate in order for businesses to consider operating there.
That could lead to a severe housing shortage. When there is a shortage of something in a market, prices are meant to increase, in order to decrease the amount demanded and increase the amount supplied, until they match up again. Prices are a way of allocating a scarce commodity. By artificially holding prices down (at $1 million, say), you're ensuring that the demand for housing will exceed the supply, meaning that there will be people who are willing to pay the going rate, but are unable to find housing, because there is simply not enough being provided to meet the needs of everyone willing to pay that price.  Something needs to be done about housing affordability, but I don't think price controls are the answer.
I don't want the bubble to pop, I just want it to gradually deflate, or even just stop growing.
&gt;those ads are disrespectful to Canadians and to our culture.  I don't think I can agree with that statement.  For one thing, we don't have a single homogenous culture in this country, and there are over a million Chinese-Canadians who are just as Canadian as you or me, and the ad is certainly not disrespectful to them or their culture.  But even setting that aside, I don't really see the disrespect in general.  Would it be disrespectful to place an English-language advertisement in France or Japan?  In my opinion, no.  I do agree that Nanaimo is an odd place for such an ad, but I view that more as a potentially poor marketing decision than a sign of disrespect.
&gt;I have a boatload of second and third generation Chinese Canadian friends, and none of them can read any Chinese dialect.  Right, but it is understood by over a million Canadians.  &gt;And yes, for me, placing an English only sign in France and Japan would be disrespectful because it's their country, and it should be in their language as well.  Let's keep in mind that we're talking about an advertisement, rather than a sign intended to help you find something.  An advertisement could include no text at all and that would be fine, but including Chinese text isn't?  Anyway, if you think English advertisements in non-English countries are disrespectful then that's fair enough, but we'll have to agree to disagree, because I don't see any issue with that.  We may just have different views regarding multiculturalism and the extent to which different groups of people should accommodate or tolerate one another.
Yeah the downvote brigade came here shockingly fast, burying any comments that even remotely suggest Chinese language advertisements are acceptable to display in our country.  Either somebody used a lot of accounts to downvote, or there's a lot of pent-up race-based anger on this subreddit.  Maybe both.  Anyway, I fully agree with the points you're making; you've made good posts in this thread.
Yeah it's bizarre how much pent-up rage this place has towards anything Chinese-related.  I've never seen anything like it (except the time I stumbled across a White Supremacy website, which unsurprisingly was even worse, but more directed towards blacks than asians).
I don't support foreign ownership of residential property either.  But that doesn't justify the hostility towards Chinese people for having a Chinese-language advertisement on a bench, as demonstrated in this thread.  It's nuts.
If the plebiscite fails, which takes a sales tax (my preferred option) off the table, then I'm guessing there will be a year or two of municipalities bickering at each other about how to proceed, and then eventually they'll raise property taxes and add a cent to the gas tax, or something along those lines, similar to how they funded previous transit expansions.  They'll probably raise enough revenue to fund the Broadway subway and LRT in Surrey, but not enough to buy many of the new buses and Skytrain cars that were in the proposed plan.  It's also possible the City of Vancouver might have to increase taxes on its own to fund part of the subway, but that would be pretty unfair IMO, since 50% of people traveling on the Broadway corridor live outside of Vancouver, and Vancouver has contributed its funding to transit lines in other municipalities, like the Evergreen Line.  Transit is a region-wide endeavour for good reasons, and will hopefully remain that way.  One other consideration is that the federal NDP and Liberals have both hinted that they plan to invest more in infrastructure and pay more attention to the issues facing cities (like transit and housing), so if one of them forms government after the October election, then they might offer to pay for a larger portion of the costs.  So maybe instead of funding it with the usual model of approximately 33% feds, 33% province, 33% Translink, maybe it could become 50% feds, 33% province, 16% Translink.
&gt;I believe it is fully costed but the 1% will most likely just end up either sheltering money or moving to another country if they are retired and mobile.  If someone is retired, they usually won't have an annual income over $200,000, and thus wouldn't be affected by the tax increase.  &gt;It is very easy to move countries while you are in the 1%.   But not everyone in the 1% wants to uproot their family and move their entire life to another country, just to avoid an extra 4% in taxes on income over $200,000.  And not everyone in the 1% can leave their country while holding onto their high-paying job (or immediately find an equally high-paying job in their new country).  Republicans predicted disaster in the US when Obama raised the top tax rate from 35% to 39.6%, but instead the economy kept growing, the unemployment rate kept falling, it raised the revenue it was supposed to raise, and the doomsday predictions didn't come true.  I don't expect the sky to fall in Canada if the Liberals raise the top tax rate from 29% to 33%, in fact I think it'll mostly work as planned.  Don't get me wrong, if you kept raising the rates repeatedly, sooner or later you'd reach a point where it does more harm then good and you don't gain revenue any more (for example, France's recent 75% tax on millionaires was probably too high), but I don't think 33% is anywhere near the limit.
Yeah exactly, I think your "canary in the coal mine" theory is right on point. Good examples.
&gt;Having an Agricultural Land Commission restricting the supply of useable land for development over the past 40 years really doesn't help matters either.  I disagree, I'd say the ALR has been a great thing overall.  Paving over prime farmland to build more car-dependent sprawling subdivisions where people have to drive 20-40km to get to work is not the answer.  We need to build upwards, not outwards.
18k per household with kids? Are you sure about those numbers?
Do health care and education count as "free shit"?
Minimum wage is not a government expenditure.  Abolishing it won't give the government more money to spend on basic income.
&gt; You actually picked a great example of why a party might change its stance on something. In 2008, the only province with any Carbon strategy was BC, and Dion wanted to enact a similar strategy across Canada. Now, however, after years of inaction by the Conservatives, Ontario and Quebec have adopted strategies of their own. **Rather than force these provinces to ditch their chosen method of carbon reduction**, the Liberals would allow each province to choose which method works best for them, as long as it contributes to a broader federal goal.  I agree with you that it's entirely reasonable for parties to change policies after losing elections, including the Liberals in this case.  However I don't think the bolded is quite right.  I don't see any reason why implementing a national carbon tax would force the provinces to abandon the carbon reduction policies they've already implemented, whether that is a carbon tax or a cap-and-trade system.  They can easily stack, like how the GST doesn't prevent a province from also having a PST, and the federal income tax doesn't prevent a province from having a provincial income tax.
Okay, but a government can work on addressing more than one issue at a time.  And one could argue that having more effective democratic  processes will make the government more accountable, and will cause them to more effectively address those other issues.
