Looks do godamn tasty. I'm getting Chinese tomorrow
This really depressed me. Damn. Poor Chimp
10/10 will not buy car until price goes down. That being said ive seen some pretty great termis going for around 15k or less here in Orange County and around Los Angeles
Were here rooting for you!
No, be proud. Use more weight, always use more wieght
No! you have to go HEAVIER!
Ive never laughed so hard in my life OMG I cant believe this is real
Seriously, wtf, why isnt this being shown in my local theater!
Thanks! If youd like to add anything else keep going
Better than Pizza, titties, and videogames!
Honestly, this guy's stuff is pretty damn good
I like seeing their lithe butts shake when they jump around
Ive never seen such a monotone ad before. Wow.
The benefits of concrete are better
Damn so id say roughly your subscribers = what you make/year
Holy shit that's a lot
Billionaire? I don't think so
It really is pretty good
Same. If youre not going to track it no need for bigger brakes, at least not on the fly.
Agreed. But if you're planning to have a lot of power on the streets and not track it, then Im going to assume and give everyone the benefit of the doubt and say youre not going to be going amywhere over 150mph.  Although lets be honest here.  Its just about being responsible. Chances are if you go to the track youre already a much better driver than 90% of the people out here and bigger or better brakes will compliment you.  Regular brakes will do just fine especially for someone who knows their car.
this makes me sad
Honestly, the toyota Supra. NSX and te GTR. around 15 years old for the tri and of they came out today they would still be one of the best looking cars on the road. And plenty powerful too.  Honestly because of the way these cars were built i can easily seet hem lasting longer than cars today. all three have really strong motors. Super reliable.
God having to remove dry contacts that are pretty damn stuck on your eyeball has to be one of the worst feelings ever
Oh wow congratulations on the kid! Thats gonna be a lot of fun! Slight advice, their might be a chance your child might have trouble sleeping at night, why not work on thr game at night and take care of her/him while you're working on it?
This should be the face of the Internet
No. The sped up one is fake. This isnt.
This vid honestly sucks pretty bad. You can't even see the acceleration well at all. If you wouldn't of said it in the title the car looks like it accelerated like any normal c63.
I think we just became bestfriends
I shouldn't be laughing at that last part. But that is some damn bad parenting right there
That's when people are pushing their cars on the highway or streets. If you're driving normal wvery car feels the same. Huge difference in a 1 liter 4 cylinder and a v8 if you step on the gas.  My post isnt misleading, im jusy stating if you're gong to be driving normally every car feels the same. And im right. A sensable 60 mph in a car, van, truck, sport coupe, sedan...etc will feel the same. Its when you start stepping on it and pushing your car that will change eveything.
It is, 3.8 liters dont have enough power.
It will keep getting better
Yeah, ill just wait for the Vive
Holy shit fuck that
Seriously i was so excited. But for 599 US dollars? Yeah nope. And you still need to pay for shipping AND a computer than can run it. Its a sad day for Oculus.  Although i am excited to see Oculus' AMA later today. Its gonna be a fucking frenzy
Im going to ask him if he feels bad about all those lives they lost on todays hypetrain
Doing it for people in meed would be great, but doing it for car enthusiasts imo wpuld be more successful. People like to give. But when you can get something out of it, people like that more.
Raw power.    Vipers are just raw as hell inside and out. The only other cars that I've driven that remind me of that are the carrera gt, early 2000 Medvedev sl63's, bmw z4's (aka clownshoes) and like a miata with an LS1 swap.   Vipers are great. New ones are awesome. I've heard old ones are horrible though.
Yup! Ive seen two z06s for sale around the LA county and orange county area for 25k. Decent mileage and one was all black the other yellow.  The prices are insane to be honest and well worth the money
I thought all models of the z were considered clown shoes...since...well...they all look a like
If i do add abs I will be doing it 3 times a week after lifting or should i be doing them right after every workout (5x a week) or only when lifting?
Thank you for the study! This is how i like Answers!
I was hoping the slo mo would lead to some mail box bashing
Serious shit.
Should i get a coach? Do i need it?
Its healthy. That stupid son of a bitch.
You lucky hooligan you! Its gonna be a great car man!
It was a great review. Not sure why you're putting it down
Cereals more of a dinner meal than breakfast honestly
Honestly id prefer that also. I wouldnt care about seeing the supra all over the place so long as id have one. This new supra should've gone the route of competing against the gt350. As far as price af least.  I honestly thought the supra wpuld compete against the c63 or the m3/m4 but id prefer it to compete with the m2. If its going up against the amg gts its going to easily be 100k+ and for that price id honestly rather get a gtr or the r8. The supra might be good too but i think they messed up on the competition side.   Ford and chevy have no competition for their mustang or camaro right now. If toyota got in that market (affordable) they wouldve killed it and the supra would've sold like hotcakes
