Silver Fang. I just like those Old-Guy-but-extremely-powerful-characters. Also martial arts are cool.
The most important thing for the is mobility. I think of it this way:  How do i combat derpguns, gold ammo and arty?  Don't get hit or better yet: Don't get spotted.   Sometimes heavies and stuff are fun but i think mediums can be more consistent because of their flexibility.
The thing that really annoys me about platooning with arty, is that it basically makes the platoon useless. You can't do anything a normal platoon can. No double tracking, no "take a shot for me and we'll rush him". Nothing more than maybe that one shot every thirty seconds. I'd rather play alone than platoon with arty. At least then i'm not guaranteed arty on the enemy team every game i play.
First off: Get some order in your rambling. It's ok to not be a native speaker. But this post is really hard to read.   But concerning your problem: I would suggest to never rely on stuff like that. Just learn the armorprofiles of the enemy tanks. It's not gonna take that long. Also: Wich tier 8 are you driving?
How exactly is the Cent 1 a painless stock grind if you haven't gone down the heavy line? That comet gun at tier 8... Makes me shiver.
Why did I know that you were going to show up and say that the moment I read someone badmouth the 260?
To be honest the "Prem tanks have to be worse than same-tier tanks"-idea has kind of lost it's purpose. They don't do pref mm on new tanks anymore so there really is no reason for prem tanks to be shit. The only thing they can't be is more powerful than normal tanks. And many are still worse. Look at the STA-2. Worse in every way but dpm than the STA-1. But at least it's competitive.   Even the IS3-A fullfills that criteria. The DPM difference to the normal IS3 doesn't matter compared to the huge boost to mobility the normal IS3 has.   I don't get why people want premiumtanks to be worse in every way to normal tanks? Are they just mad that they can't buy them and can't tell themselves that the prems are worse anyway anymore? As long as they don't outperfrom the standardtanks you literally have nothing to complain about.
Instead of nerfing russian premiums to shit they should just buff all the others to competitiveness. There is no good reason for premium tanks to be worse than same tier normal tanks. As long as they're not better than researchable ones everything goes in my book.   Also pref. makes a huge difference for the Löwe. The pen difference might not be big but you're forgetting all the rest. The HP-pool of tier 10s compared to 9s as well as the DPM. An Action X will shred you way faster than a cent 7/1 will even though they have the same pen.
Why does everyone have the idea that premiums have to be worse? It's not better than the IS3 so there is no problem. It's not paytowin. Also it doesn't perform worse than the IS3. If it did it would have pref MM. And we really don't need more of those running around.   Just accept that it is a competitive tank and not an XP-Pinata like some of the older prems. They should just buff the old ones just enough to be competitive (depending on pref or normal MM that is) and be done with it.
I would actually agree that those are kind of BS. However more because of the crews they came with rather than the tanks themselves.
Make the spottingcap different for different tankclasses. That would give lights a reason to exist in tier 9 and 10 games again. Make it like 500 for lights, 445 for mediums and something like 400 or below for the other classes. Also it would make binocs viable again for something other than camopiercing.
I still think open top tanks should just get +5 to crewskills standard. Maybe as a counterweight to the disadvantage you get from being autopenned by any HE shells from above?
The thing that always baffled me is that the Xbox version has such but ugly UI. They put so much effort into making the game look good but the UI looks like a mobile-indie-wotclone. Seriously the Ammochoices at the bottom look like someone made a 20x20 sprite in paint and just enlarged it.
Those are the game mechanics. Just because you don't like them it doesn't mean it's not a good game. I hate arty and rng as much as the next guy but i wouldn't say that WoT is not a good game. I wouldn't be playing it if i didn't think it was good. While you and i consider Arty and RNG a problem, many people don't.   Just don't generalize games as good or not good because of mechanics you dislike. That's just your point of view. Don't try to convince people that everyone must think the same as you.
I just want to see Nagisa eviscerate Yanagisawa and spread his intestines all around the classroom.
I would just argue that they don't want WW2 tanks in swamps and shit to look pristine and new. Wouldn't make much sense if the battle consisted of nothing but fresh off the line tanks. I don't mind beat up mudguards and stuff like that. Makes it look more like a vehicle that actually saw combat than a revell-modelkit imo.
Honestly they can have it for all i care. The Fv4202(p) is garbage anyway and it would need like a bazillion buffs to even compete for a spot in my regular played tanks. I'd rather train my crew in a cromwell B than that piece of junk.
By that logic why isn't the HEAT-54 higher in the ranking?
Companies shouldn't try to create memes... I just seems so forced. Some PR guy: "Guys memes are the shit let's throw some meme out using one of the characters. Make sure to put no effort into creating something fun. The internet will celebrate it anyway!"
I would argue it's better than the Leopard 1. While mobility isn't quite as badass as the Leopard you can still keep up with the russian hovertenks and for it you get a turret that actually bounces stuff once you start using a bit of your gun depression. Also the AX is a lot more HE proof than the Leopard.
Luchs definitely imo. Just because of how many tanks you can wreck with the autoloader if you get to be top tier. However you sacrifice the ability to get marks of excellence if you like to go for those.   Also the Luchs has a really weird Crew layout, wich might lead to you having to retrain some crew for gold to other positions.
Not to keen on all those low viewranges. Of course it's nice for light tanks because they finally have a purpose again. But when everything is as blind as an IS3 or even worse we are gonna see so much more of the "oh i got hit by invisible tanks crap that frustrates many players. Even when not bushsniping.
I think the first major one i realized is Ramsay. I still can't take him seriously because all i ever see is simon from misfits.
I wouldn't be so sure about that. Even while they were still behind the books in season 4 and 5 they already changed a lot of major plotpoints and left out a lot as well. Seasons 1-3 were much closer to the book. I wouldn't be surprised to see the plots drift even further apart in the future. Although i have to admit i didn't like a lot of the changes D&amp;D made. It always seems to me that they desperately want to prove "Hey we're just as good as Martin at writing stories!" but they always fail. The whole thing with Littlefinger and Sansa is much more plausible and "littlefingerlike" in the books compared to the show. In the books he just seems way more cunning and more well informed. Like he should be.
There is a Difference between pointing out a factual fault and backseatgaming though. I've never seen him get angry about someone politely correcting a factual error. What he hates are backseatgamers and people that pretend they're entitled to his friendship or something along those lines. At least that's how it seems to me.
I don't think he meant knowing wether he died or not. More like "I want to know if he killed none, just one or a hundred men."
For example the books handle the littlefinger and Sansa thing a lot better imo. Littlefinger handing the girl he has the hots for over to fuckin ramsay just doesn't make sense. There is no way he doesn't know what a bastard (in every sense of the word) ramsay is. They way he schemes in the books with that unknown heir to the veil and giving sansa the north as well as the veil just fits his character way better.
I'm just looking forward to getting back to reasonable sneaky Petyr. Him handing the girl he has the hots for over to ramsay never sat well with me. It's such an unfitting way of acting for him. The book version with Robin's cousin (i think cousin?) just makes way more sense for him in my book.   I feel like D&amp;D just want to proof that they can write stories as awesome as Martin. Wich they can't if you ask me. And with every season they show more of how they've fucked up the show canon.
I would say that's exactly what it does. You can learn Basic mechanics and weakspots really quickly but the stuff that makes you unicum like positioning and decisionmaking take a really long time to catch on to.
You seriously still claim the 416 can't be played without spamming heat? At least Start using it only when you need it like all the other people.
So basically make all the crews you already have pointless by allowing one crew to man every vehicle in your garage? I like the system you're proposing. They basically have that in WarThunder only with even less penalty. But it will never come to WoT now. It's too late for that because so many people already have multiple crews.
Ahm are you serious? How does a 15 Skills captain not give you a significant advantage over someone with a 2 skill one. Take Jingles Video where he mentions the Roon cruiser with a 15 skill captain. Those camo skills allow him to have a 4 kilometer corridor from wich he can fire without being spotted. With a shit captain that wouldn't even be close to realistic. It's not as bad as in WoT especially because you can basically get sixth sense immediately but to say that commanders only improve quality of life and not ship performance is crap.
Finally i can look at you without disgust again. Now sell all your arties to make me love you.
You can also shoot enemy tanks with a shit crew. It's just a whole lot easier with a good one. Where's your point in stating that it works without skills as well? Of course it does. The point I was making is that it's way easier to invisifire with a good commander. Also i don't see what the patchnotes change about it. While the penalty might not be affected. Let's say it adds 5km to detectionrange. It's still gonna be better if you have 14km baserange rather than let's say 18. Because if you fire you get detected from 19km rather than 23km.  How is that "just a quality of life improvement"?
i'd argue that tier 8-10 is also pretty bad. T44 facing E-100s and T62-As just isn't that fair.
1995*  we are getting old...
Also are Miners really that good? I rarely ever build any because they seem so squishy to me.
I think it's gonna smooth out again. Right now a lot of people are probably panic selling theirs and gimping the prices.
Winning by teamfights?  Are we talking about the same team. I hate Alliance ever since TI3 because they brought about almost a year of nothing but splitpush strats. Bulldog was only ever good at two heroes back then. Ban Druid and Prophet and he was useless as fuck. Even the final they only won with their retarded splitpushcombo because they got rekt in every fucking teamfight.
Always feels good to see science (in a way?) fucking up religious nutters. Somehow i want the maesters to develop tanks and blitz the 7 kingdoms. Maybe wait until winter has passed to go north though.
The winter has passed was a joke based on what happened in 1940 with Operation Barbarossa, not an actual proposal. Also an Iceage is defined by it's long duration and how constant the low temperatures are. It's not minus 100 degrees celsius. Russia was also really fucking cold and the russians managed to start their tanks. Spend a night in siberia in winter without fire and you'll also freeze. Dragon's are nice and all. But let's be honest here. Were there a "modern" army to appear in the WoT universe noone would stand a chance. Not even the Targaryens. Cannonshells don't care if they penetrate armour or dragonscales.   Tldr: All i was is making a joke about what happened to the nazis when they invaded russia. Not an actual suggestion on how the maesters should conquer westeros...
Your banter is adorable.
That seems like a really shit ship to me though. If it's only good with enough island around and teammates that keep the enemy at bay and spotted for you how can that be considered the strongest tier 6 cruiser? Are tier 6 cruisers just that shit or what?   So basically you just die and lose if your BBs camp as they always seem to do?
Honestly it's not just the arcs that bother me. It just seems like it limits you so much compared to other ships. Being able to do nothing but camp behind islands and hope no battleship wants to shoot you doesn't seem like something that good tbh.   At least with ships that have smoke or torps you can be a little more agressive and flexible. Deny smokescreens and so on. Cleveland just seems like a one trick pony with a fairly unimpressive trick.
In WoT you get winning xp if you get a medal such as Top-Gun High Caliber and so on.   Wargaming could just implement the same into wows. Get winning XP when you lose but pulled off a high caliber or a kraken. I think that would be fair.
I mean i like the torps themselves. Just the angles are so shit. But Aoba torps are still much nicer to use than for example Budyonny torps with their terrible range.
I would like it if there was a sixth girl in there. Come on WG you've given us 5 already. What about a sixth to fill both tier tens :3? Pretty please?
Depends on what the game is supposed to be. WG is pushing the E-Sports side of it's titles. All succesfull Esporttitles are not balanced around the average shitter but rather the top players.   If you balance a game around the majority of players (wich are as WOWS and WoT show practically braindead) every patch is going to dumb the game down more. At some point it's gonna be dumbed down so much that even the shitters that wanted it get frustrated because even the little amount of knowledge they slowly aquire is being made useless by indicators and skills. Dumbing down the game to appeal to stupider players is never the answer to make a better game in the long run.
It's an addiction. Molly is obviously addicted to Sherlock. But in many cases we just call an addiction to a person "love". Sherlock is really a dick towards molly that's obvious. Should she get over him? Yes of course. Is it believable that she might not be able to? I think so.
If a company does a lot of stupid shit a lot of rioting is not a bad thing. All of the things you mentioned were BS so why should people not let them know that they are BS?
