Hey, that's fantastic! Hope things go well for you.
That's true. However in Vancouver, I think learning Chinese or another Asian language would be much more useful. I've only met a couple people who are fluent in French.
I like CoverGirl's Clump Crusher
Looks good! I think I'll try making the adobo!
That's not always the case though.
Makes things a lot easier when I'm reviewing my notes!
That's good to hear! Hope things go well for you. Do you have any plans lined up for further treatment?
Love your hair!
I prefer chamomile, peppermint, or valerian root teas because they're quite calming. Right now my favourite is [Mother's Little Helper](https://www.davidstea.com/ca_en/mother-s-little-helper-org) from David's Tea.   My favourite candle scent is lavender. Throw in a bath bomb or some bubble bath and you're all set!
If she's that sick, it might be in her best interests to rest rather than see you, unfortunately.
Feels good to get the ball rolling, doesn't it? Good luck with everything my friend.
Even better if you heat it up for a few seconds!
This is next on my list! Can't wait to watch it!
Great, thanks for the info! Looking forward to it.
Yes, Lush! I love the bubble bars!
Not sure what you're into, but I'd get some bath goodies, a new book, and a new flavour of tea.
I love these! My favourite is the salsa ranch!
Great choice! Enjoy!
With cinnamon and sugar if I'm craving something sweet!
Yeah, it's definitely different for each person but I've heard a lot of good things about Lexapro!
No worries, hope everything works out well for you.
Yeah, I understand! I'll probably end up watching it at some point.
This is on my list! Can't wait to start watching it!
Adult colouring books are great! Even for non-artsy people like me!
Yoga and meditation are great! I've started them both recently and they make a big difference! I highly recommend them.
Yeah, half orders are a great idea! For calorie-conscious folks or those who don't have a big appetite.
Sharing your experience is always helpful. There's nothing wrong with giving suggestions based on what's worked for you. Just phrase it in a way that makes it clear that you're speaking based on your own experience.   Thanks for being so willing to help! It's nice to know that there are supportive people out there.
I saw this there and I was thinking about making it, but now I'm convinced! I have to try this!
Sounds rich and filling! I think I'll try it out!
Take a long bath (preferably with some goodies from Lush), drink some tea, then curl up in bed
I'd suggest a book or magazine, some candies, a little stuffed animal, and a small bottle of lotion with a calming scent (such as lavender). Maybe include some nice tea or bath goodies for her to de-stress once she arrives at her destination. It's so thoughtful of you, I'm sure she'll appreciate it!
Yeah, it might be a good idea to give her the opportunity to see what's in the bag beforehand (based on my extensive knowledge obtained through watching those border security shows lol).
Exactly. One pot is one serving for me anyway.
Way to go! You're gonna be swole in no time!
Yeah for sure! I do have a Keurig and use it on occasion, but the coffee just doesn't taste good. Not worth the money.
I've been thinking about reading this, thanks for reminding me. Your comment has convinced me to start reading it!
Looks tasty! I love goat cheese, but I haven't incorporated it into breakfast yet, so thanks for the idea.
That's a great idea! I should do something similar. Any tips you'd like to share?
Yeah, Suits is a good show! You can get all caught up in time for the new season starting next month.
That the answer to anxiety is to just "stop worrying".
Good point. It's just not that simple!
I love the way you laid out those vegetables.
Cutting down on caffeine can make a big difference! I've definitely noticed a reduction in my anxiety, especially the physical manifestations of it.
Drink a cup of herbal tea. Valerian root is especially calming.
As others have already said, don't listen to him. Don't waste your time trying to change his point of view either, it isn't worth it.  Your mental health and wellness are nobody's business but your own (and perhaps your doctor and therapist, but you know what I mean). Do what's best for you.   I wish you the best, my friend. Hope your therapy appointment goes well.
Trust me, you won't get fired. Everybody starts off the same way you do. The managers know this and they understand. You'd have to do some pretty terrible shit to get fired.
Good luck, and let us know how it goes tomorrow my friend!
If it is, then I guess I'm extremely nerdy.
I love this scent, it's so light and refreshing!
I don't think he went into that too much. Just a part of anxiety, I guess.
