Accident implies no such thing.
Dick for following so close.
And by merging illegally, they accomplished exactly what they set out not to do. If they'd allowed more room in front, they could have eased up instead of over.
This guy engages in the most despicable douchebaggery you can imagine. He's a college dropout that sees no value in education, which is why he's slashed both K-12 education immensely and removed $300+ million from college education. He's disbanded the science arm of the Wisconsin DNR, because who needs information to make decisions? He campaigned on growing jobs and Wisconsin is one of the poorest performers in the Midwest. He campaigned on balanced budgets and reduced taxation, but the reductions in taxes have been meager ($100 less property taxes, for instance) while the budget deficit has skyrocketed. He likened teachers and public safety workers (cops and firefighters) picketing at the state Capitol to terrorists. He wants Wisconsin to be the Mississippi of the North. Mississippi! Are you fucking kidding me. If he becomes president, we'll all be living in Mississippi.
Unless the Pope mentioned something about limiting the human population, it isn't enough.
I'm advocating for more competency by paying for more educated people focusing on one task rather than two. With as much corporate espionage (e.g., St Louis Cardinals-Houston Astros affair, government employee data breach) going on these days, it's time to find an alternative way to accommodating security without costing us our ability to operate. Currently, conflating IS with IT means we don't, and can't, have good IT.
I can't for the life of me understand the fascination with a serial killer. How can this be a show?
Mismanagement cut the population... Hell, overpopulation is the cause of global warming. Depopulation is an entirely reasonable solution.
I choose to believe this is really a debate about taxonomy. 41% side with the idea that birds are dinosaurs.
&gt;It's truly weird symptom of privilege that management dictates to IT. Would they tell plumbers how to get the toilets hooked up for 10,000 employees? Nope.   IT has to facilitate the mission of the organization, so of course management is going to dictate what is required. IT has to make it work, or they aren't good enough for the task and should admit as much.
I'm not trying to defend management. But I also don't have a lot of faith in IT.
There is no capacity for 'balance' when you have 7 billion people.
But those dance moves. There's no excuse for those moves.
If we wanted cats to maintain a 'natural' life, we would not have domesticated them. Cats belong indoors, there are no ifs, ands, or buts about.
Cats kill whether they are domesticated or not. Cats belong indoors.
Unfortunately, it isn't common enough.
Did you miss the part about it being so crowded they have people pile backstage to get around? Sounds like a nightmare.
It seems Gelman assumes there have only been two fake bakers in 20 years. There have only been two who have been caught.  Regardless, the system in which science proceeds isn't meant to guard against fraud. Sure, it'll eventually overcome the consequences of it, but it can be a slow process. The system that does guard science against fraud is the legal system. Fraud is fraud wherever it is perpetuated.
Just because you're signaling does not mean I have to slow to allow you in. Plan sufficiently far enough in advance and you won't have to impede the progress of others.
Perhaps. But that's for them to decide. Not 'we'.
Perhaps the question should be, why should human morality apply to other species? If it does, then the question that naturally results is, why doesn't the 'morality' of other species apply to us? Rape, extra-pair copulation, infanticide, etc, all occur naturally in the animal kingdom. Are these things wrong? Of course they aren't, because right and wrong do not apply.
You misunderstand me. Humans have no stake in whether the wolf eats the moose, or the wildebeest outruns the lion. It matters not to us whether a robin abandons her best or a deer starves in winter. These are the natural processes of the Earth and to think we, We, know better is hubris of the highest order.
If an alien species of similar intellect and awareness as us engages in what we would deem immoral behavior, so be it. Perhaps it's slavery, ritual murder, infanticide, cannibalism, none of these are things we have a stake in. This is for them to address, not us. We don't have to like it, we may find it obscene, but our morality doesn't apply to them. How can it? How do we apply our morality to them? We say, you must stop this obscene behavior or..., or what? Our morality is ours and ours alone. Everything else between species is negotiated.
Perhaps. Male lions that take possession of a pride will kill all of the young to bring the females into heat faster. Is that wrong? Of course not. Some species, such as bees and ants, will sacrifice themselves for the good of the hive or colony. Is this suicide immoral? Of course not. It's what these animals do. To be judged by our standards of morality makes no sense.
War is a human concern, and therefore a subject to which morality applies.
We know what organisms are not of us. Morality only applies to us. One thing you've not considered is the practicality of morality. What purpose does moral behavior serve? What purpose does it serve to require moral behavior from animals? Morality serves to govern human behavior, not animal.
We ought to behave morally but there is no mechanism by which that requirement can be manifested  among nonhumans.
Net happiness has no bearing on an organism's fitness. We do not know whether some organisms even experience happiness. So, clearly, to these organisms your morality has no place.
You do not understand what an ecosystem is. We cannot have a humane ecosystem AND allow carnivory, for instance.
The carnivores will have to go. That isn't an ecosystem, that's an engineered system, and you're mouthing nonsense if you think the carnivores have got to go (extinct?). It is not moral to drive species to extinction.
I'm not equating natural with ethical, only that morality is a human construct for governing human behavior.
If another species does something we find repugnant, it is we who find  it repugnant. Morality is a behavior-governing belief system. If these alien child-raping organisms have sentience, then what makes us the moral arbiter to hand down judgement on their intra-species interactions? We are not an angelic species with some heaven-sent high ground to stand upon, looking down on all other life. If we enter into comity with these aliens, we would expect to negotiate a shared morality, an expectation of how one another should be treated. As another poster suggests, we could force our morality on this and all other species, but I hardly see the moral correctness of such behavior. Any forced morality is for our benefit, not that of those whom it is forced upon.
Because it is not a natural property of the universe. In the absence of humans, there is no morality.
It doesn't matter if they're Martians or Dolphins. If they are sentient beings, they'll almost certainly have a moral perspective. It may not be like ours. And then what do we do? Impose ours upon them? As if ours is right and theirs is wrong? And we know this how? Humanity is the architect of the largest extinction spasm in the last 65 million years. We clearly don't hold any moral high ground.
It's neither bad nor good. Subjective statements of bad or good do not apply. It is the cycle of life.
This woman is horribly naive.
And which ones are these? I know of no sentient beings that are also asocial. Sociality has, by definition, a behavior-governing mechanism. This behavior-governing mechanism is morality.
It is not the case that the things you find good apply to another. There is no ultimate good anymore than there is an ultimate truth. Sometimes that which is good for one is poor for all; we are impoverishing the world by consuming ever more net primary productivity - this is good for the individual but will doom us all.
Mexicans and redheads are human and therefore human morality applies.
(I'm not trying to avoid any discussion - I'm on a phone and alien blue is making it difficult for me to keep track of comments) any ways... Because Nazis are human and human morality applies. Nazism makes it easy to apply human morality. There are subtler cases that make it less obvious (e.g., child labor). For you to believe that our morality applies to all sentient species is to suggest that we, and none of these other sentient species, we alone have the correct understanding of what defines moral behavior. Clearly this is farcical. We cannot even agree among ourselves as to what is moral. There are a few things we might be able to agree upon, but they are conditional and not absolute (e.g., killing is bad, unless... Pick your caveat here). Morality is not absolute. It cannot be. Human morality does not exist outside of human existence. It is not a characteristic of the Universe. It is a characteristic of humans. A such, it can only apply to us. To apply it to others is hubris.
Your comment below 'special pleading' was not available to me until after I posted my reply. I'll respond to the extent I can on the rest. You ask, where do we draw the line? I think it's pretty clear what is human and what is not. Are other Homo species in or out? I guess that would depend upon whether our two (or more) species are inculturated. But then, our morality would be a shared morality, not wholly H sapiens. As a shared morality, it would be negotiated. We would define what is absolute and what is conditional. We might apply to ourselves moral standards which do not apply to these other species, and they might do the same. For instance, they might suggest that individual rights are secondary to group rights and that the group prevails even if it comes at the cost of individual consequences. Could we imagine a morality where that would be acceptable? Social insects behave this way. If they were sentient, our morality would not apply to them.
Aren't jokes supposed to be funny? Nothing funny about this.
Cats should be kept indoors so this sort of thing never happens. It's irresponsible pet ownership to allow it.
They go to jail. If they do not, then I call bullshit and join the next wildlife refuge takeover.
It would not be appropriate to confer to him honorary authorship. If his contribution did not merit it, he should not be included. Consider acknowledging him.
Still like Daniel Craig more than Sean Connery.
The guy will never amount to much as a professional. He plays with no fire. He excelled because he was physically superior to his opponents, but that will only be partially the case in the NFL. Without the necessary desire, this guy is going to get over drafted and never live up to his capability. Bet on it.
Each of these kids needs more sleep.
That's what I thought, which is why I don't understand the elevated concerns by the US State Department.
Is this guy a storm trooper, because he can't hit shit. How many bullets does it take to kill someone?
