July 29th is the release date of Windows 10.  Since LoL is in a partership with Microsoft, I hope LoL will be optimized for Windows 10. :) Can't wait!
&gt; Two words: Please don't. We already have enough Gosu wannabes running around.   QFT. Vayne top doesnt really work, especially because most of top laners can exploit Vayne's weakness. Also, her ward tp to a fight will be muuuuuuuuch less significant than a mega gnar's ward tp to a fight (or any other top laner). Hell, Vayne will get that cs rather than tp-ing to a team fight.  My opinion.
The fifth tier of every division is like that.  People there either dont care (because they can't be demoted) either are frustrated because they can't climb any higher and are stuck. The fifth and the first tiers are horrible as far as I know.
As far as I know, no.
To be honest, yes, I'd find It pretty useful.
I think its good how It is. The ability to memorize when your opponent will get the flash back on separates the smart players from the lucky but not so smart ones.My opinion.Edit: You can always use chat timestamps to remember things ;)
No one cares about you and you're pointless as well, but look at you, being on reddit and stuff. Yes, we need.
There's a difference between questioning a misplay (such as.. why did you focus x instead of y, why didn't you back etc) and flaming because of a misplay.   I dont think people leave because their misplay is questioned in a non-offensive way.
Stop being racist man, I see Ekko even if he is black.
Server fart. Unless you lost MMR/LP, I wouldn't be bothered much by that. It's a common thing these days.
Use the search feature buddy. No, you're not. it's a general thing I guess. We all seem to have that issue.
This is fake. If you're Vayne, you're not accepted in the team in the first place.  :D
Just ban her if you don't like her.   The obvious counterplay to her is banshee. She can't land her R, she dies pretty fast, just like any other assassin or mage.
You have a samsung monitor. Ugh
That could be useful in low elo. Make everyone troll me to have vision.
No. You're just a little spoiled brat that doesn't appreciate any work done and cries because not everything is how he wants.  Stop being childish.
Server space? It will eat up server space just so you could kill bots, or your friends every now and then. Just like in dominion.   No, not a good idea.   Edit: Didn't they explain why they can't have these modes in customs?
LoL is not dead. It has 3 times more players than Dota2. What are you talking about?  But yeah, jump ships, we have enough reddit scientists in LoL.
No, thank them for giving me something to buy.  You don't thank the doctor that removed your brain tumor even if you paid 15,000$?
If they say "chill", it's because you flame them or rage at them.  You should really chill, regardless of game mode.
Dominion IS fun, and you shouldn't let others ruin that for you.  You should use this event in your favour, because the queue times are lower now. :) More dominion games for you!
No, Runescape is clearly harder to keep bug free than League, because more players means much more stressed servers, more demands, more issues etc. But yes, Riot's QA department had a bad time lately and I agree with that.   ... and to be honest, I don't care if Riot wants my money or not, (Which company doesnt, anyway?), I decide when and what to pay them and as long as it doesn't affect me in real life, why should I or you care? I don't care that &lt;insert cigarette company name here&gt; only wants your money and doesn't care if you die because you smoke, do I? Some people smoke, some people do drugs and some people buy riot points. You are not better than anyone and you're worth is pretty much the same as everyone else (nothing) to any company.   Yes, I should really put my hate shoes on simply because you hate Riot. Mhm, that's gonna happen when I'll be sick of Riot.
Valve 1996, Riot 2006. Valve is a much more mature company, so it probably has more experience  Yes, Riot has 3 times more employees than Valve, in 10 offices, not just 2 like Valve. That means, there are several employees working in QA, localization, sound, artwork etc in different timezones which create 1 big issue: communication. Communication between teams is crucial and I believe there's a big issue at Riot regarding that.  Anyway, why do you try so hard to convince me to switch to some boring slow game? I don't want to play Dota, it looks and feels horrible in my opinion and very very very very slow paced. As I said, I don't miss or really want any of these features, don't lecture me on how a company cares about money or not, I said I don't need these features, what I receive for the money I pay satisfies my needs just as smoking satisfies yours.
IE &gt; Chrome.   Let that sink in for a minute.
That's something else.   And yes, there are 700,000 people here while LoL has over 65M players as far as I know. Reddit's opinion doesnt really matter.
Fuck off with the dota crap. This is lol subreddit.  Mods, pls...
Probuilds or solomid. My opinion.
Not having your ice cream money will teach them a lesson for sure
Are you seriously going to ask for other MOBAs on a LoL subreddit?  FOR REAL? Please stop with these posts, I can't report  / downvote fast enough.
No, it's LeagueofLegends. Go to /r/gaming if you want to find other games. Simple as that.
Shame.  Shame.   Shame.
That's why you dont understand. Dota players are as smart as a rock when it comes to LoL. I see what you're doing. Leave now please?
I don't like Dota2, it's slow. I tried it. Go away now?  Its a trash game, I would shift delete it because my recycle bin would be offended to send such a trash folder to it.   Just GTFO in the threads in the dota section, there are shittons of LoL circlejerk as well there. Just use them, not our subreddit and let us stay with out greedy masters ok?  Oh and "Dont try to make Dota2 happen, it's not going to happen". Not now, not tomorrow, nor ever.   Go away.
Yes. As long as It works for me, i don't complain. Seems logic.
See you in 3 days.  Oh wait.. post history. I doubt you even played lol. GTFO please.
Just stop playing for few days, do something else, then comeback. You'll see things different.
Positive post. I like it.   Don't let reddit upset you dude. Have fun :)
Finally! People keep questioning me why I build it on Gnar. Someone finally understands. Thank you sir.
As far as I know, your queue time is based on what the captains are looking for and can be extended if they reject the pick. You won't see the team comp if they rejected you.. You won't even know if someone rejected you.  I might be wrong
No, not at all. "I'm not a hater" should contain that as well.  I just dont understand this subreddit, that's all.
*Lissandra.  Get her, she is fun.
Annie, she is easy to play.  If you want something harder, try Orianna.
Tbh, there are not so many MAJOR bugs in the current build. Yes, your phone will sometimes lag, do weird things and such, but nothing you can't deal with.  Good luck!
A little fun in 3 couldn't do any damage to a marriage, could it?   Fun chat :D
"false positive" or "false alarm" is when antivirus software identifies a non-malicious file as malware.   I believe your antivirus detected riot's hackshield which is coded into the client and sometimes detected as a virus.
ADC players should do this more.
i like nutella
&gt; Why do you visit?  for League of Legends in-game content, news, discussions. No LCS/eSports.  &gt; What types of content do you want to see, and why?  Content created by the league of legends community (such as plays, funny videos, informative videos, and so on), guides, game related news and announcements, relevant game discussions.  &gt; What types of content make you not want to visit?  eSports content. I do not like seeing 30 posts about huni going to who knows what team, about TSM's new top laner and so on. I do not mind game discussion topics during the lcs weeks. I do not mind seeing eSports videos and plays, but please, for the love of Ao Shin, let's stop talking about other eSports off season stuff, or make a megathread about it and redirect everything there so I don't have to downvote 50 posts or logout.  &gt; If you were running the subreddit, what would you do?  Continue the good job you are actually doing, plus, create more megathreads for spammy topics so a regular redditor like me can clearly see what he is looking (or not looking for) on the front page without reading 5 titles about the same topic. Also, allow server issues posts. They are spammy, i know, but when there is a real issue (such as the UPC ISP login issue), people should be allowed to rant in a controlled and moderated topic.  This will get me downvotes for not wanting to see eSports spam here, but whatever. I expect nothing less. There is no real "you can have an opinion" here.
Who said i used it as a negative thing? It can be misinterpreted, indeed, but i didn't mean it as a negative thing. More like, girly, and a girly guy can be associated with gay. Nothing bad here in my opinion.
Lets not do a debate. Ill just say this: Im sorry if I offended any gay man with my post.   Pm if you want to debate
