You handled that with far more dignity and aplomb than I would have.
I find the color on these a bit confusing. Pic #6 is the only one where they look tan/brown, the rest just look grey. Would you say most of the pics are true to color?
Side 1 is a great shot.
Way off. They're going to be in the 150-200 range for sure,
Do they have to get it right? Isn't their whole business model based on avoiding all risk by putting all the uncertainty on the customer? They get to let the product validate itself.  Plus I think they have a large enough user base of fanboys who will be in for one regardless.   There's just no way to make a CXL sneaker for under $100 and still have room for profit though.
Maybe I'm just more laissez-faire about this stuff, but none of those seem like grounds for a return to me : /  You'll see worse scuffs on literally your first wearing, and the heel thing seems pretty negligible inasmuch as it won't really cause any performance issues as far as I can tell.
right, I figured it was them wanting to start the GYW run with their flagship boot that always sells well to test the waters
Super cool, this exact pair and one in ravello are both grails for me. Pretty much the perfect boot. Enjoy.
I just got the new achilles and like them a lot. The cream sole and cream laces are really great, and imo an improvement over the all-white retro achilles.
I mean, it's clearly a hobby. No regular person NEEDS $700 shoes, and certainly not several of them.   But it's the same as going to a fancy dinner. At some point, it's not about the utility of something that will fill you up for a few hours, but more about engaging with something you're generally interested in, and taking enjoyment and satisfaction out of the experience.   Same with having nice shoes. It's something I like having, and typically do freelance work on the side for anything I want to buy, so that my main salary goes to my mortgage and shared finances with my girlfriend.
Yes i think they probably would. A half size in length is roughly equivalent to a size in width.
Maybe. Although there's no way of knowing, there's no reason I'm aware of to assume that would be true, either.
&gt; Am I going to save money by buying quality $250 sneakers over some disposable $50 pair once per year?  No. Robot said it well. And for sneakers I think the value proposition is even worse than for boots of dress shoes. I have a 2 pairs of Common Projects and a pair of MMM GATs and while I enjoy them all very much, if value prop is the name of the game, I don't think you're better off relative to getting something cheaper and just throwing it out after a year.
I can't wait to get mugged up there!
Anytime else in favor of eliminating the After Dark discussion threads? Theyre usually not very busy (15 or so comments) and then the next days GD comes along too late....
I'd definiteyl order something on the 310 if it was in a tough, hard wearing leather. Something like a bridle or dublin or brown waxed flesh.
I thought the US office certainly had its moments, but... I don't know. At some point, it really fell off for me and I just sat there thinking, "I hate all of these people. I don't want to watch their antics anymore"
These are literally perfect.
i would subscribe to that.
you can love it, you just cant make love to it.
I believe all of the olive calf run was GYW, as were mine. I saw some pics of other derbies that were SD, though.
If it was anyone else I'd say embossed for sure, but EG is a whole other level that I honestly don't know too much about, so thought the real deal was at least a possibility.
[135](http://imgur.com/XA5cXTL). Was just my first try, but think I could probably do a bit better if I tried again.
great combo
Looks so good! Did your name just come up on the waiting list, or did you have to give someone an under the table handy, or what?  That boot in ravello is my grail, but i love the cigar, too.
Awesome thanks so much, really appreciate the recos, will definitely look into these!
I believe it's 50%...
The contrast tongue makes the boot. Definitely don't purposely darken it!
The ironing is delicious.
Or his nipples, would would have made a pretty sharp medallion on the toe
&gt; Too bad I don't like any other companies as much, this experience has almost turned me off the brand.  Im not sure I understand your complaint with Viberg's CS. They gave you an answer, and it wasn't the one you wanted, so you're mad at them...? How does that work?
yeah well it would have been easier to remember that if you hadn't deleted the post, wouldnt it?
As /u/BAonReddit said, it's missed dye spots. Although you can try and mask it with polish, I would recommend not, as I don't think they will cover up completely without really caking the polish on, and I think it's likely you end up with something worse than what you started with.   Fwiw, imo, I think that looks pretty good, and don't think anyone will notice, so I'd just leave it be.
I mean, it's super, super arbitrary deciding when the adjustment matches that little swatch. No clue how close I actually am, so definitely take with a grain of salt.   edit: also, when you account for the lighting (natural daylight vs indoors), I actually think my olive looks pretty close to the one you linked.
I think a big part of the difference in demeanor is the culture of the two companies. Viberg is much more rock and roll. The owner is a young guy making extremely niche, high end boots for a hyper-fashion conscious subset, and doesn't really have much fear of alienating his audience.  AE in contrast is much, *much* larger than Viberg. Exactly how much bigger is a guess, but by sales it's probably around 50x. It makes middle-tier, conservative products for bankers, lawyers and anyone else wanting a high quality, good value, but fundamentally conservative shoe. It comes from a classic tradition, and I have no doubt the dude really does personally know folks at Alden, etc. There's just no way he's ever going to say anything even remotely  controversial in that context. Too much to lose, nothing to gain.
Oh no doubt theyre great. But they can get pretty pricy. If youre really committed to saving that sweet sweet Berg money, you can make a pretty great yet affordable sportcoat out of thumbtacks and strips of beef jerky. If anyone asks, something something lady gaga
An $800 shoe probably won't last 3x as long as a $250 shoe. It might not even last longer at all. Whether that extra $550 was "worth it" is entirely subjective.
in my opinion this is way too big for you, but sometimes photos can be a little misleading, and it depends on how you wear it, how big you are in general. I also like smaller watches, but yeah, to me that looks way too big.
i think the most important thing is that you be happy with them, not that you do what strangers on the internet tell you to do. if you're not happy, you should return them.
"Value" is arbitrary and subjective. Why do mechanical watches have value when quartz is cheaper and more accurate? Why buy a luxury swiss watch when a seiko 5 is also mechanical at 5% of the price?   I understand you think that markup is unreasonable, and I don't disagree, per se.   But what is the "cost" of exclusivity? And for that matter, what is its "value"? Some people have so much money that exclusivity starts to be the only thing that matters. They can already have essentially anything they want, so exclusivity becomes a commodity.
that jacket is amazing.
36mm, it's a 114270. i tried the newer 39mm on at an AD and it was waaaaay too big. I much prefer smaller watches and think this is pretty much the perfect size
ok, so I just got the first clear, and I'm very, very confused, because the level ended a lot sooner than I expected it to. Is there an easy ending and a hard ending? If so, you should remove the easy ending. The level was very fun and interesting, so for that reason, it was extremely disappointing and anticlimactic to have to beat the level after dropping through the pipe and into the turnaround with the chicken sound effects. I wanted to interact with the rest of the level but wasn't given the option to. To clarify, the way I beat the level utilizes extremely few of the screens. I don't think I cheesed it either... Idk
Short answer: taste is subjective. People wear what they like. I may disagree with what someone else likes, but neither of us are "correct". Our tastes are our own.  Long answer: Clothing is a very, very old human invention. We've literally always had it. So clothes have had a long time to be integrated into a ton of cultural traditions. As such, we all wear clothes. They're necessary for modern life. And we all understand basic rules of how to use them, some with more nuance or style than others.  But none of that is really quite true about watches.   Sure there is etiquette and history around what kind of watch is appropriate for which settings. But the key is, not everyone wears a watch, and extremely few of the people who do actually *need* to (as opposed to choose to.) So there is just way less cultural attention and definition over their usage. I think there's also a general generational shift away from putting much importance on clothes as a cultural signifier, but that's a whole other topic.   Anyways, all of which to say, watches never really developed an "objective" (depending on who you ask) correct size. As in all things, watch design is subject to fashions and trends, but in clothing, there are actual rules (in addition to fashion and trends too, of course)
very nice, domed crystal looks excellent on this piece.
This in my opinion is the ultimate version of this watch. The simplified dial layout, aluminum bezel, alpha hands and display caseback are all huge improvements over the typical speedy. Throw that bad boy on a tan leather strap and you're getting close to perfection territory.
since when does saying "what do you guys think" constitute insecurity? Have I expressed any ambivalence, insecurity or uncertainty at any point in this thread? I'm unsure what the above is based on, but think it makes you sound pretty condescending  : /  Is THAT the trait Rolex had in mind in designing the explorer?
This is a great boot, and I would take the cxl over shell any day!
these are sick, and I've always loved this makeup. Not my size, but an easy pickup for anyone in the market for this kind of thing.
I think the white MB Chronos is an amazing piece. I don't generally care for the visual complexity of chronometers, but if I was going to own one it would definitely be that one in white.
