If I ever end up in a fight, I'm going to fight dirty. I would do everything in my power to avoid a fight, so if I end up in one, there's no way that I'm holding back. Besides, I'm weak as fuck, so I would need every possible advantage.
Yoyogi is such a beautiful place...
Wow, that sounds like a great program! Are there any disadvantages to it?
That's not really a disadvantage, though.
If the steering column is still there, what's the point of the drive by wire? What sort of benefits does it offer?
It's just incentive to not crash!  /s
It definitely is. The squared off inner parts of the tail lights give it away to me.
Let me guess, it proves the Spanish translation accurate?
It always irritates me how the beetle doesn't flip because of the way that the wheels are turned.
That was my first thought, too! Possibly Paris-Brest-Paris too, but that's a lot shorter.
Honestly, I feel like it's justifiable when there aren't any legal channels to get it through.
I'm not sure where you're getting that number. According to this report from the US department of Housing and Urban Development, there are "only" around 47,000 homeless vets in the US (skip to page 50)  https://www.hudexchange.info/resources/documents/2015-AHAR-Part-1.pdf  I don't see why we can't take care of both groups, to be honest.
Oh, I didn't mean for it be a challenge. I just thought that it was funny how easy it is now.
"You're not a Non Governmental Organization, you're Non Governmental Faggots!"  That was honestly the best that he could come up with?
I don't know. It's a little long, but it's pretty easy to understand, and it gives a lot of info.
Great point. It might seem to be alright to let it go, since there was no damage, but what happens if he does the same thing, only into traffic? Or over a pedestrian?
Also, you should always try to move over if you see a stopped or disabled vehicle. Provided that it is safe for you to do so, of course. You won't help them at all if you hit someone else and spin out into them.
I don't think that he hit the car. I'm pretty sure that he just fucked his car up on the curb.
It really ought to be called the Toyota Wetlands, because there aren't going to be many Tundras left after these things have been on the road...
Plus, I believe that most doors open outwards...
Enjoy your lung cancer!
There are definitely bad cops out there, but to assume that all cops are bad does a disservice to all of the good ones.
I don't think that there are any cars on the road that weight as little as 1000 lbs. Believe it or not, I'm pretty sure that the American average is closer to 4000!
Yeah, I assumed that much. I just think that it's amazing how much cars weigh!
How do you like it? I was seriously considering one, but I ended up getting the Thinkpad X1 Carbon.  I have to say, the Spectre in black and copper may be one of the sexiest machines that I've ever seen.
Maybe I'm missing something, but almost everyone who's serious about biking wears a helmet.
I mean, just ask your parents for a small loan! One million seems reasonable...
Absolutely awesome alliteration!
Make it brown, and while you're at it, why don't you add AWD?
I'm not so sure about everything being a ripoff. I got my G502 there, and it was $25 less than on Amazon.
I was with you right up until the hourly wage part...
I found a different sort of chocolate-hazelnut spread that's not quite as bad for you. I was a bit ambivalent about trying it at first, but it turns out that I actually like it better without as much sugar.
This is a perfect example of why a poorly-managed/poorly-designed bike lane can be way more dangerous than none at all.
Just my hypothesis, but kids are always taught the dangers of roads, so they try to get across as fast as possible.
Well, for all we know, the poster was one of those people.
Thanks for the giveaway! I'd like to enter for Battlefront II!
That could be pretty hilarious. Black Lives Matter takes over the land of the Oregon Militia in order to "Return it to the people"
You sound like an incredible person.
My guess is that it was even hotter than a house fire. That was a lot of stuff going up in flames...
But the poster assumed that they were supporting them... I feel like posting the ordinance, then offering a basic, non-confrontational explanation may be best.
The free market will decide for us!
Yeah, maintenance will bite you in the butt if you go for a cheap used sports or luxury car. Still, they aren't quite as expensive as one would expect...
Yeah, it's a remarkable echo chamber in there. I don't know why I actually thought that it would be interesting...  Someone took the time to write out a great comparison between the NHS and the current American healthcare system filled with citations and sources, yet it's getting completely ignored. But a complete lack of regulation and support is better, because I heard about a doctor who doesn't like the ACA. Never mind that all of the doctors who I've talked to support it. They actually seem to care about their patients, and want them to get affordable treatment.
That's not at all how physics works...
The other answers are great, but I might as well toss in my two cents.  Quite frankly, you don't really want to try a hill in conditions like this. But if you find yourself in this situation, do everything gradually. Braking, accelerating, and steering all need to be very gradual and deliberate. Also keep in mind that you want your tires rolling over the road, not sliding or spinning. Either way, you have very little traction...
How is it possible to get that, when you're trying for a pig?
It's often even cheaper to buy a decent suit and get it tailored than to rent a tux. That shit got really expensive.
If I had a ton of money, it would be kind of hilarious to stance a Smart.
I would be so fucking pissed if someone put a bumper sicker on my car.
That would be interesting to see in the desert!
