I disagree.  I made it and immediately put it on my hotbar to use it, same as the pick and the hammer.  Worked fine like this until after I saved and reloaded.
This is fascinating.... Way more complex than I was originally thinking, but it gives me a lot of ideas.  As far as the movement physics goes though, there's no situation where a block will bump a player moving at a set speed a different way randomly?
I was actually wondering if it was an inside joke, maybe the actress had dated Rob off-set or something.  She apparently had a date with Perd as well, so she's sort of the classic "I know a guy" trope who the writers can retroactively claim has had a date with just about anyone if it drives the plot.
Oh I agree he's definitely not a parasite, a shoulder wound immediately reveals parasites plus with pinkish blood, so the direct red blood chest shot proves he's real.  That said, he's obviously something unusual as well, as is Rick, since only he and Rick seem to be directly capable of accurate 4th wall breaks.  My theory is that Rick is, in a way, some sort of producer, and Mr Poopypants is in some way the audience.
Him being from a different dimensions seems needlessly complicated...
apparently you and I differ greatly on our understanding of the definition of the word "major"
Hmmm, I keep getting lured into the "more fuel, bigger ship" concept.  I suppose keeping my fuel-to-ship ratio maximized could be done with smaller tanks.
&gt; mild speech impediment I think the word for that is "lisp"
I know what scene's you're describing, and I can see where you're coming from, and what you're saying does fit if you read between implied lines, and the 10 year disappearance is another point of confusion, as is the eagerness for the coupon for the free Morty.... here's my issue though, Rick c-137 is the "Rickest Rick" and would certainly know if his Morty was not his original "Mortiest Morty".    Bottom line, Rick is not a tremendously emotional person, and his "poor Rickless bastards" comment, and indifference when picking the wrong Jerry up from Jerryboree indicates that he's not sentimentally attached to Smith families from other dimensions.  The fact that he was willing to sacrifice himself (more than once, in the Shrodinger time fracture episode and the season 2 finale) for Morty, indicates that he has some special attachment to his own Morty.
Hmmm, I wonder how people would react to moving to a different Rick... would mean the entire first 2 seasons would be irrelevant.  I'd lose all my attached feelings toward the character and probably be pissed.
Mine too.  Here's a thought; if you study the map travel, there's no movement from about 22h to about 6h.  I suppose (as tedious as it may be), breaking camp at about 18h, building a tiny box around a heat vent &amp; striking camp at 8h every day might be necessary.  That gives you 12 good hours of travel a day &amp; lets you avoid breaking your feet off trudging through the ice.
Fire bad, rain pretty.
It's amusing because Dadaist art is essentially anti-art, meant to offend and be hideous on purpose in order to protest against the wealthy and powerful and their notions of art.
ALMOST conflicting with its erotic style.  I love it!
I dunno how I feel about the pirate indie games vs pirate blockbuster games... theft is theft, whether you're robbing a mom &amp; pop shop or a Walmart.  Walmart is a big faceless corporation, but stealing from them affects millions of shareholders and employees, many of whom are struggling in life.  Why feel sorry for an indie game studio who has succeeded in making an awesome game, but not feel sorry for a broke sap who wants to play games and have fun but can't afford them?
Eh...  On the one hand taking something someone worked hard on is wrong... on the other and least it's not the same as murdering a man, riding his horse, and taking his daughters as wives.
You're basing this on emotions; i'm basing it on technicals.
That's it actually haha, nice work!  Now that I think of it, I believe Smash Bros had something similar.
If it had been Naomi Watts or Laura Vandervoort, I too would have been sad for two seasons.
Yep, Actor is gender neutral.
Hmmm, very good point.  I believe German and French both have neutral versions of their nouns, but I don't believe that's the case in Spanish.  To be fair though, it initially made things confusing in English when we started forcing everything into gender-neutrality, and I'd argue that any game with sci-fi vocabulary is also "difficult to read" until you're used to it.
That line of reasoning never ends though; Why have "Male" and "Female" as a binary, and "Gay" as a true/false?  We need 55 genders and 75 orientations in order to be fully accepting.
Racist, but I like it.
Break through your limitations!
I like this.
True... it would need to be on a room by room basis; if there's 2 poops on opposite sides of the colony, it takes the cleaner half a day to make rounds; i'd prefer they ignore them both until there's 2 poops within a reasonable walking distance.
I was under the impression that the forest biome was the "easiest", but I've really started to appreciate Arid Shrubland; it's a little more harsh and resources more scarce, BUT there's no lakes to walk around, and the climate consistently "bad", but keyword is it's consistent; year long growing season, no cold weather, and once you're geared for heat stroke there aren't a lot of temperature based surprises.
Space between... fascinating.  I like the idea of breaking their cover, I thought a long hallway would be enough but they have good aim.  I had pretty awesome results on the last raid.
Or like that guy from Game of Thrones.  If you want least painful, euthanize 2 colonists on day 1 and feed the third to the dogs.  Life is pain.
In that way it comes down to style, the game is really well balanced :)
[Puppies are idiots](http://imgur.com/a/E19YX).
Sounds like white death.
You don't, they just get into stuff, much like real puppies.
Yeah but watching someone with two peg legs try to walk around while stoned would be worth it.
Almost EVERYTHING can be a strength if you play it right; trigger happy is fantastic with a minigun, it's already only like 10% accuracy; more bullets = better.
I'm philosophically against mods in all games.  To me, it feels like opening up Notepad and typing "LEVEL 80".
I've been watching the algorithm, I think the heat loss when the door opens is definitely part of it.  Also the coolers don't work steadily but seem to produce cold air in bursts.  Even if I forbid the door, the temperature spikes up and down.
The pack animals are frustrating, because the colonists need to run around loading them up.  If you're preparing a really long trip and not bringing all your colonists, start out with ALL the colonists selected for the trip, let them load the muffalo, then right before they leave, cancel &amp; remake the caravan with just 1 or 2 colonists.  The muffalo will stay loaded &amp; you don't have to reselect the items (carried inventory is considered part of the caravan by default)
I played around with the idea, but I'd need a "evacuate now" button and some sort of warning system that a massive hoard is approaching or it would just feel like everything is completely off the rails.
A one man colony may be getting bullied by a large enemy swarm, but the one-man colony should be able to abandon the colony &amp; get away &amp; set up his hut elsewhere.
THATS THE BEST IDEA EVER!
I think you're thinking of malaria.
That being the case, we should have an "always on" option.  I doubled the size of the freezer &amp; now it stays cold.  It seems counter intuitive that a cooler can keep a large room cold and not a small room.
"Permadeath is a dumb feature, why would I play a game just to start over?  Super Mario is a dumb game, I should be able to die 100 times on level 8-4 and keep playing until I win, and if I can't win, the game should eventually let me skip the level and TELL me that I've won.  The best game ever is Notepad, because I can just type I Win."
actual good things?  like making an EASIER difficulty?
That's nonsense, you can call a slaver and have them deliver slaves.
I like that you have to put 'meat' in quotes. I know your secret.
On that note do you happen to know if colonists with bionic arms and strong abilities pull bigger enemy raids?  I kind of like the idea of a small core group of elite colonists, rather than a big mob of idiots.
Still seems odd that a freezer can cool a big room better than a small room.
&gt; Won't read a 39 panel comic  &gt; Took the time to count that there are 39 panels  Hmmmm...  OCD yet lazy?
