I doubt they're actually crying just like somebody doesnt actually have to laugh out loud to say lol.
I'd avoid having children. Constantly watching them grow old and die would grow depressing like immediately.
He wont have much to keep his bearings straight and with humans having a dominant arm he'll just be swimming in circles. I doubt most people would have a flipping clue how to get to Europe without modern tech such as compasses that we take for granted.
You can update a computer all you want but eventually the hardware (your brain) will be primitive. You can augment your body to an extent but that's like trying to update the first computer with modern programs, shit just won't fit.
Oh cmon, the bitch invited me over for dinner.
I mean its the same alcohol percentage of beer, its the sugar that will end yur night over the toilet though.
Until somebody who you didnt use the power on rapes somebody you did use the power on and they weren't able to fight back as a result.
They had the design trade because its too commercial/mainstream? Sounds like they are hipsters and so are you, just in a bit of denail. Nothing wrong with being a hipster as long as youre not an asshole.
Last time I checked one bombs abortion clinics and fights to deny rights to people and the other does not.
Id say its not an equal chance. Its more likely its all made up.
Yeah just go back to her home country and never set foot in America again unless she intends to deal with all those bills.
I mean if it wasnt for France giving you shit while also attacking Britian you would have likely lost the revolutionary war. So at this point you're just even, all you did was hit back the favour.
Youre right, you didnt justify mass jail rape. You just justified and condoned cruel and unusual punishment. Raise your hand if you think prisoners should be washboarded as punishment.
Karma assumes the innocent weren't harmed. But they were, this is just sad.
If anything they may have also not shot him because he was an unarmed dude just playing some music.
Not having to clean up doesnt mean you have to leave it looking like a tornado hit. If you make a mess like this while eating out you may either be an asshole or legitametly retarded.
Shit doesnt happen that quickly. These young people were fucked over well before they even had the right to have a say in it. Older people can't blame younger generations for the shit they voted to enact. Bloody ridiculous.
Yeah we could just cut military spending on pointless shit by a tiny fraction and have more than enough to pay for this. The amount of shit America could give it's people if they just stopped spending obscene amounts of pointless wars.
Focusing on everybody at once at this point wont result in anything noticeable. But working on one demographic at a time is realistic and will produce noticeable results faster.
Then log the fuck in. This could be easily fixed if you werent so damn lazy.
Maybe from your hilariously bloated military.
And nobody who wrote the gospels were there to see the miracles of christ. Your own argument is really unraveling on you.
But if god guided man into using said antibiotics dont we run into the issue of free will?
Yeah its more just tossing your line out there until something finally bites.
The top few men are doing all the fucking. In your mind its an equal ratio of one to one except for the fact that most woman are fucking the same group of guys. So its easy for 20 girls to get laid while only 5 guys do the same.
If brigading is what got them banned I'm curious why SRS is still around. Let's face it, they only enforce these rules when it's with groups they don't politically agree with.
But Pao politically agrees with SRS so her rules will never be applied to them. They'll turn this place into a SJW hellhole and it will be the death of this place.
Even if it was they still wouldnt have banned them. The SJW would spin it in the media making it look like Reddit was against equality for woman and minorities. They are dealing with a loaded gun.
Ive seen countless examples of them being reported for clear cut examples. The admins lean to the far left though so good luck getting them to do shit all about it.
Yeah that sub sunk into a turtle shell knowing they would ban them at their first excuse. They wont even let them link to archives anymore. They're being smart about it, hard to find a reason to ban them when they dont link to other parts of reddit.
I'm not sure what your priest/pastor told you but that's hilarious. Care to list some of these things that prove the bible?
Right, its the first world, if those are your standards you have shit standards.
Neither are white straight woman.
Luck. And they likely carry enough cleaning wipes to keep the child clean at least.
Some seem to think evoking god is the simplest solution when in reality it only raises far more complicated questions. If a universe cant come from nothing and theoretically this is very possible then where did this super complex creator come from? If complexity requires design then we need to also explain the complexity of god.
Yeah but rotting bodies aren't know for being super clean. They wont catch the flu from them but you also dont wanna get that bacteria in your mouth or eyes.  If you think rotting bodies are ok then go touch some and then rub your eyes and lick your fingers.
Well I mean she's a white person pretending to be black getting all pissy about actors doing the same shit. It's a tad hypocritical.
Im betting your graduated like 2 years ago and feel all superior about it.
Yeah if you take a hit to the head and arent awake very quickly you likely fucked something up.
Everybody has a right to an opinion but this bullshit about having to respect it is nonsense. Some opinions really don't deserve any respect.
And what is immoral about homosexuality? Without using the bible give me some secular reasons as to why homosexuality is immoral.
She's gonna need more drugs if she's brainstorming.
Majority of guys dont give a shit if you've fucked 10000 times with 2 guys. That displays loyalty and commitment. Guys have issues when you've fucked the same amount but with countless guys.
Youre right, and nobody is obligated to stick around if they are uncomfortable with the fact that their partner was more adventurous with their past partners but not with them.
Not how it works? A girl could have fucked 3 different guys 1000 times and be very experienced while still having a low partner count. You don't have to have 30 partners to be experienced in bed. You seem to have fooled yourself into thinking the only way a girl could be experienced in bed is if she's fucked half the town, which is very not true.
As soon as your grandpa was a slave and your people were only allowed to occupy the same space as others 50 years ago you'll have a point to make. Segregation wasnt that long ago.
Panicked people with no required training firing their guns.....no possible way that could make shit worse.
Yeah you could illegally get a gun but it will cost you an arm and a leg, the average criminal isn't gonn be able to fork over that sort of cash. And the last massacre in Australia occured right before they made their ban on guns and they havnt had a single one since, how many has America had in even the last 3 years?   The rest of the first world has strict gun control and it works wonderfully for us. You guys have a weird gun fetish.
Oh he did show up and Jesus was the legit son of God? Present your evidence for this and Ill concede, if not then get out of here with baseless assertions.
God is supposed to be all knowing. He knows exactly what would convince me. Either he chooses to not show himself to me or he is not capable of doing so.
