But this doesn't feel fair to anyone that has the game already. New players essentially get the base game for free.
No, of course not, but to say "here's the game+plus expansion for $50, but if you already own the game... $50" Does that sound fair?
I suppose that is a fair point, I just personally disagree with a business model like that. I can see both sides of the argument though.  Edit: I would also like to quote part of the HoT faq:   "Q: Do I have to own Guild Wars 2 to play the expansion?  A: Yes. Guild Wars 2: Heart of Thorns is an expansion to Guild Wars 2 and not a stand-alone campaign, and therefore it requires the base game to play."  This seems to imply someone should buy the game before hand. So what about people that just bought it a few days ago? Should they get a refund?
But now everyone bought it three years ago. What if you bought it yesterday at full price and than are told today that you could have saved that money?
Actually it's like buying a car with five steering wheels, but you have to pay a bit more for access to a sixth steering wheel that was advertised heavily.
Not replying? If you aren't buying HoT, you don't have anything to discuss.
Only two? You realize that people have to sit down and create these things right? How many were you expecting?
I believe they have said that not all the new legendaries will be available at the launch of HoT and I think they are going to be focusing on the weapons that currently have a "joke" legendary. (such as short bow)
This is most likely one of the first weapons that will get a second legendary.
I'm sure it will reappear next wintersday. It would be unusual for them to offer one eater at any time (you might have to buy living story season 2 but it is still possible to get whenever you want) and only offer one as a one time deal. Just six short months to go!
Happy birthday! I suppose my advice would be to take the time to read a physical book, any sort will do. (even a comic book) And take care of summer homework now, it's far more satisfying.
I guess look at what gives xp, and find the cheapest option.
I'm guessing instantly.
Given that the Nordic countries are in the top 10 of the [Democracy Index](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democracy_Index), I'm not sure anyone could seriously say it isn't working. Still an interesting question though.
I think he means the style of the video, not a follow-up on the subject.
I feel like ANet already discussed that this is exactly how it will work.
I'm just going to assume this is attempted humor.
I feel like future expansions were confirmed while they unveiled HoT, elite specs, masteries, guild halls, etc., were all designed to be built upon for future expansions.
I don't see why not.
I believe his wife lived there? He mentioned it on HI.
Also, it's silly to waste a question on something that's already been answered right? I mean, the video is only going to be so long, so it's best if everything asked is unique.
I think so, yes
The length means you can go more in depth on a topic, a 15 minute video really lets you cover all the points you want to make, especially compared to the average video of 5 minutes or so. In addition, HNNA uses a lot of real world video as opposed to still images and animations. This gives it a look of "higher production value" (and in fact, Grey has said that the video cost a fair bit more than normal to create because of the video footage).
I read that as "likely to ship autonomously" and got really confused and excited.
Yeah it makes sense, but it's still really annoying that you can't remove disciplines. (At least I find it annoying, I'm sure it doesn't bother everyone)
Given that he never mentions it in a video or podcast, I'm guessing most people (like me) don't know about it.
It's still the last book if you read them in publication order. (The proper way to read the series)
Have you tried fractals since the HoT change? I personally find them a lot more fun than before. Also, your personal fractal level doesn't matter, it's how much Agony Resistance you have. I'm pretty sure you only need to get to level 25 before you unlock lfg for up to fractal scale 50.
House of Leaves by Mark Z. Danielewski  It's really, really good, but also a very unusual book.
Do you think that the new design uses space better than the old one?
But that's why reddit is great, because you can choose exactly which communities to be a part of. You like reddit so much because it's about all the stuff you like and if you change, reddit can change with you.
Verdant Brink is the easiest in my opinion.
But he clearly states how little of an impact cleaning towels on the environment. I mean, do you think that everyone that drives a car that isn't electric or a hybrid anti environment?
Looks like I was proven wrong. Glad your question was answered. :)
Start with number 1 it's the best way to listen to them.
Wait, why is someone else playing on your account a problem? What if I login to my friends account every day and just mail his login rewards to my main account? (Both accounts are paid for and he doesn't play anymore)
Awesome, thanks for answering questions like this. I'm sure you have a lot of work to do to get the app ready for launch, but I really appreciated it and I'm a lot of other people do too.
Glad I could help out! :)
There's no way of knowing if ANet will do anything about mystic coins.
That's a good idea.
Yeah this really isn't free booting.
You must not have read the book Red Mars by Kim Stanley Robinson. I highly recommend it if you want to read a book that really gets into how settling on Mars might play out.
Did we read the same post? OP just explained how playing through the raid is completely unnecessary if you really want to read the lore. Sure, maybe there could be a better design, but other players are giving you a solution while you ask ANet for one.
I think you are vastly over estimating the difficulty of raids. There are guides, builds and explanations of every part. The only limiting factor is acquiring gear and that just takes time.
If they've gone to so much trouble, you think they would also bother to price the game normally.
Everyone downvoting him is clearly taking offense.
&gt; Contact Steam   Yeah that usually works perfectly.
I don't think that the phrase is suddenly being used more, it sounds like a bit of a coincidence. The phrase has been around for quite some time.
Actually no, smart watches appear to be the first watches people can use as both professional and exercise watches.
Either people will use them or they won't
