There is just exposed penis everywhere in CA. They just don't show it in the travel commercials with the celebrities.
I love Brady and want to see him keep up the success on the field. I would like to see him retire before he has a final season like Favre's final year.
Everyone knows someone like that. They aren't allowed at parties.
And Maggie makes three is one of my top 5 favorite episodes, sad to see it didn't make the list.
That pimp walk after you go out of the pool must have been amazing
Those eyes! The ojos!
"Hammer" blows sounds like a WWE finishing move.
Fuck that dirty sack of shit
Patriots just giving up?
What is the other way we can get home field advantage if the Pats don't win? I think we can pull it out.
3rd and 15 was a time to screen instead of that White handoff.
That kneel hurts to see
He is not a Patriot
Anyone who says Pansy Brady can eat a bag of dicks
Great play by Brady
This line can't protect anything
That run hurt
These refs are so fucking dumb. Hoculi is a fucking idiot
He knows how to beat the Patriots. We should hire him and just say "Shhh baby"
Let's hope this is ruled backwards
Wow we are giving up big plays
Run game is not doing much
Brady making some bad decisions today
Very weak offensive series
Let's get a stop here
We need an extra lineman to block for Brady on this
Sounds like a "friend" you don't need anymore
You guys need to create a third Parent Trap
If you think that will last long, you are going to have a bad time
Awesome job! People focusing on their goals inspires me.
I prefer watching on Netflix for now since the DVDs PQ is a little weak. Great deal on an incredible series though.
Favorite city in the world
I don't think you could pay enough me to eat one of those sandwiches.
Night of the Living Dead (1990) is on of my personal favorites. It's similar to 1968 but has some differences and nods to fans of the original. The Thing  (1982) obviously should be on the list as well as the remake from The thing from another world (1951) remake.
"Do you really want Trump for a 2nd term?"
So many hipsters in this Taco Bell commercial
Gotta crush Miller every chance you get. Wear him down
Shit, Sheard be ok
O needs to make up for that error
This team is hot garbage right now
Hope this team wakes the fuck up
Well it's 14-13 and we are playing like hot garbage. We should be worried about this game.
These shoves are not Patriot football
Protect Brady!!!! Fuck guys
Is Blount still sick? Lewis is not the ground game we need.
Long drive to TD would be a good opening to the half.
Blount has to still be sick
Need to protect Brady
This Nationwide song is sick
O, I want a TD. Let's go!!!!!
