Wasn't big on the new Hot Chip but besides that this list looks pretty familiar.
Pretend it's YA, because going by this PitMad thing it's the only stuff agents are snapping up.
Right?  I mean, we're not talking about high art here, no matter how much Reddit tries to pretend Nolan is Scorsese.  They're superhero movies - most of us could probably have written the basis of them, complete with dialogue, when we were twelve.
Hey hey hey woah woah woah  There are some decent writers on Reddit.  Hell there are some decent writers on /r/writing.
Yeah, we'll have to agree to disagree I guess.
Sorry, I guess I need to sharpen my hair-splitting knife.
Actually, I believe the technical term is "Proto-CBGB Richard Hell? Never Heard Of Him Punk".
She drove it like she stole it  She stole it fast and with a multitude of casualties
Yes, absolutely.  *Darkness On The Edge Of Town* is the moment where Springsteen stopped believing in the power of redemption for his characters.  His losers stayed losers, and they struggled to hang on to what they had rather than reach for more.  Also, the title track is hands down the best song he ever wrote.
Hard to say.  Either *Let Love In* or *Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!*.  *Murder Ballads* is too obvious, *Tender Prey* comes close but doesn't quite make the cut, *Your Funeral My Trial* is brilliant but messy.  *And No More Shall We Part* would normally be my answer but I'm in the mood for loud, not reflective, which cuts out *Push The Sky Away* as well, even though the title track there is easily one of the ten best songs he ever did.
This is the absolute truth.  The clueless teenagers of 1996 didn't get it, but it's really a leap forward for the band.
*Funeral* is the safe answer, *Reflektor* is the real answer.
God, yes, he's amazing on that album.
&gt;75% filler  Lol WTF?  *Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness* is all killer.
I feel like they're really overdone.  They're familiar stories so people think they can avoid doing a chunk of work by going that route.  It's like Van Halen's manager said upon the release of *Diver Down* - "When you remake a hit song you're already halfway there."
Medium rare?  Motherfucker why are you cooking your steak?    Fucking barbarians.
"Cut Off One Sub, Two More Appear"  I suppose, until the admins get tired of the shenanigans and just start handing out IP bans.
It's about as obvious as the nose on your face.  FPH was coasting along hating fat people in a really obnoxious and public way for quite a long time.  Then they get into it with Imgur after Imgur decides they don't want anything to do with FPH images anymore.  The Imgur staff picture is posted on the sidebar and they start getting called out specifically in FPH posts.  Suddenly the subreddit is banned.  Wow, really fucking weird.  Must be SJWs though.
Let's put a pin in that "less moderated Reddit" idea and go with the live kitten webcam idea.  I think that's the real clear winning idea here.
No great loss
It seems that many Redditors are, in fact, pathetic and sad.
No, if it was about people saying mean things on the internet then all of the hate subs would be banned, along with places like /r/conspiracy and /r/worldpolitics   This is about hate sites that try to spill out into the rest of the internet through harassment.  The message is clear:  hate all you like, but keep it in your own sub.
&gt;You're just making this shit up as you go.  Sure, but you're really whole-heartedly fighting for a message forum on a private website whose sole purpose was to propagate hatred for a specific group of people.  I'm just killing a bit of time before I meet some friends and you're waging a campaign to save a forum dedicated to literally hating human beings that you've never met and that you'll likely never meet.  Human beings whose lives will never cause any effect in your own.  I'm yanking your chain, but why are you letting your chain be yanked?
I don't hate Ellen Pao because I'm not a blubbering manchild crying about how a feeeeeeeemale is impeding my god-given right to speak freely about how much I hate some group of people I've never met.  I'm especially not a blubbering manchild who ignores the fact that FPH was banned because their mods refused to do anything about the users that would harass people outside of the subreddit.  Or who ignores that a private company has no impetus to give you a platform to express your hatred, but that Reddit has been remarkably lenient towards hate groups *unless* they go out of their way to break the rules in a particularly egregious manner.
Well, as it turns out, Redditors talk a big game but don't really get up in arms about the creeping militarization of the American police, or the loss of privacy, or the slow grind of the unending drug war, or the corruption of democracy, or the destruction of the environment.  Take away their god-given right to viciously spread hatred about fat people, though, and they'll throw an epic temper tantrum whose main form seems to be heaping scorn upon Reddit's interim CEO in as racist and sexist a manner as possible.  I guess the TL;DR of the whole situation would be:  Things that matter?  Meh.  Things that don't matter?  Holy shit let's riot.
It was *okay*.  It was a Lovecraft pastiche that managed to avoid using Cthulu or any of the other Elder Beings in favour of making up my own.  Still had a passage from the Necronomicon though, so it was still pretty derivative.
Terry Goodkind seems like he has some, uh, interesting kinks.
Best will be an interesting debate.  Anyone who says *anyone* other than either Buchanan or Harding for worst is just fucking wrong.  Buchanan sat on his hands and did nothing while the United States fell apart, and Harding let his friends rob the country blind.
I second this, we're going to need some details or this is going to have to get 86'd.  And as we all know, [there is no return from 86](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUDnfI2RomM).
Art *is* about more than spreading the "right" message but it's a completely different thing to take a community of people and misrepresent them in such an egregious fashion.  If I was to write a book about gamers and portray them as amoral, violent criminals, and it became wildly popular, I'm guessing from your previous comment that you'd be upset about the portrayal.  Oh, but it's just art!  Art doesn't have to send the right message, does it?  So it's okay that all gamers are painted with the amoral, violent brush, right?  This isn't about un-PC fantasy lives, and this isn't about people turning on the darker parts of themselves.  This is about consensual kink being portrayed as rape-play, sometimes without the play part.
He just doesn't want the post-apocalyptic society to be a bunch of goddamn freeloading commies, that's all.  Also he's perfectly willing to go down with the ship, so to speak, despite the fact that he is one of the two major reasons why this metaphorical ship goes down in the first place.
I'm going back and forth on whether to remove it or not.  On one hand, it's inane.  On the other, it doesn't technically break any rules I can think of, and it's hilarious.
Chrysanthemums isn't under 400 words but it *does* pack a lot of emotional heft into a short area.  It's a master stroke of efficiency in prose.  Bradbury's funny.  Everyone acknowledges him as a master of the short story but everyone has a different one they like to point to in order to prove it.  For me it's [There Will Come Soft Rains](https://docs.google.com/file/d/0BzbtlcAsIeTnTlNmSnhOV010bHM/edit?pli=1)
Truly this is the darkest timeline
"You and your friends aren't as clever as you think you are.  Also it's 2015 and D&amp;D has been dead since 3.5."
\&gt;Clockwork Orange, 12 Angry Men, Rosemary's Baby  \&gt;Shallow and poorly made  Says it all right there.  You're probably that one guy in class who thinks he has nothing to learn and that he's only there to wow everyone with how brilliant his ideas are.
Given OP's list of what they consider well-made vs poorly made films above, I think it's safe to say that the professor is in the right on this one.
&gt;The Clockwork Orange — Children of Men  Yeah, no.  Children of Men is a wonderfully made movie, but Kubrick outclasses Curaon without effort.  Also I'm not sure what you mean by equivalent, other than they're both based on books and set in England.  &gt;12 Angry Men — Runaway Jury  Mmmm, Runaway Jury is heavy handed.  The cast makes it seem better than it really is, and with four scriptwriters expanding on a fucking Grisham novel it takes what should be a pretty explosive story and makes it drag.  &gt;Rosemary's Baby — The Ring / The Grudge  Holy fuck, you're not actually serious are you?  Like, you're trolling here, right?  If you seriously 100% think either The Ring or The Grudge are smarter and better made than Rosemary's Baby then you should quit film school right fucking now.
My sweet fucking lord, you're serious, aren't you?  No, you can't be.  Rosemary's Baby isn't about "scary scenes".  It isn't a movie you thread with jump scares to make the teenyboppers spill their popcorn and clutch their dates.  It's a movie that emphasizes creep and dread.  It's meant to build up an image of a regular young pregnant couple in the city, isolated in a way because of the anonymity of city life, who slowly get caught up in psychological horror and madness.  It's meant to make you disturbed, not jump in your seat.  You're in film school, right?
Yeah, I think people would have seen it regardless of who it was starring, because it's been a long time since a Jurassic Park franchise release and there's been extensive myth-making regarding that franchise in the interim.
You need to get your priorities straight.
Oddly, I get incredibly annoyed when people don't describe *enough*.  I hate barebones prose.  I don't fucking care that much about your plot that it's all I want to read.  Johnny did this.  Then he went and did that.  "Jesus," Johnny said, "I better shoot that bad guy."  Johnny shot the bad guy.    What the fuck is going on around him while he does all of this?  What is he smelling?  Blood?  Smoke?  Are there flowers in bloom somewhere nearby?  Is the cloying scent maybe a little distracting?  What is around him?  What do the surroundings look like?  Can he hear anything else?    Paint me a picture.  I want to see the world you're writing about.  I *would* actually like to see what colour the shoulder shrug is, because it's a detail that lets me see into the world the author is imagining.  If I just wanted to follow a plot, I'd go see a movie.    I hate this idea that all things must serve the plot, as though we're all just a bunch of glorified screenwriters who've decided that writing a book seems like a good way to make a quick buck.  What's your hurry?  Catch your breath.
See, again this is more "all things must serve the plot".  What if the character wears purple because it's their favourite colour, or because it complements her shoes?  What if colour is a focus of your voice but it doesn't equate to an overt foreshadowing of some future event in the plot?  What if it isn't some constructive element like "only the Tsarina may purple" but it sets a mood when contrasted with the other colours in the scene?
You know, there is a middle ground between "Only tell me plot elements" and "overwrought purple prose", right?  Telling someone the colour of an object is hardly "purpling up the prose".  I mean, if you're only interested in following a plot, why are you reading a book in the first place?
It depends on the definition of purple we're using.  I find that a lot of people consider anything other than bare, unadorned prose to be purple.    If we're talking about overwrought prose that breaks out the thesaurus for every single word and injects melodrama into every sentence then yes.  Yes purple prose sucks.  &gt;I can't think of a single story that's been published that goes into the UV spectrum  Read more literary mags.  Here's [Acta Victoriana](http://actavictoriana.ca/2014-15-journal-1/) - once you read "What We Talk About In The Graveyard" you'll never be able to say that again.
Well, this implies that a): the character is the protagonist and b): I want you to root for the character in the first place.    What if the economy is collapsing and the character in question is wearing a purple shrug?  The purple denotes a certain extravagance that may seem callous in the austerity the other characters are facing - but otherwise it has nothing to do with the plot.  It's not plot-driven, and it has nothing to do with endearing you to the character.  In fact I don't want you to feel endearment towards them.  Fuck them.  But I don't want to *tell* you that this person is bad, because 9 times out of 10 that's bad storytelling.  So they're wearing a purple shrug when everyone else's clothes are falling apart.  Because they're an asshole.
If we count atmosphere as part of the story then I absolutely agree.  I don't care about the price of tea but I would like to know how it tastes.
Damn, that's very true.  I wonder what else can be compared between the two?    ...I'll wait until Inside Out comes out of theaters before I really lose my mind on this one.
Depends on the reviewer.  I would probably read an Ian Cohen novel.
Should go full balls-out bizarre with it.  "I don't like it when characters have names.  I prefer to pour myself into *every* character and I can't do that if they have names.  Just use pronouns and dance around if you have to."
