It says I should have $168,000 in savings. Under a million for my projected income when I'm in my 50s.    That's absurd
When I'm in my 50s that's what people in my feild make    But that formula doesn't really account for income over time, it assumes a solid level of income with no changes or large jumps    And I more mean the 168k for my current income seems absurd
Be interesting, engaging, delightful, socially able. And work on your appearance.
Stop calling it that, for one
Somewhat.
No way in hell
I get over it
Hell fucking no
I would think it looks dumb
I hate it and find it extremely unattractive
Yeah, there are a few of these, and they are great networking events. I dislike the topics, usually, but I find it useful to meet people at them
Nope. That's very impractical in the long term and I don't really want to deal with shit like that
We would not date. If he tried to "win my heart" he would be very promptly rejected.
That sounds really painful and I feel nauseated just thinking about it
I think it's super strange, personally
Ew. Dude. Come on.
I don't find sex that difficult or tiring. I don't understand the people who say they are too tired to have sex. I can work a 12 hour day, come home, and still want to bang.
The issue isn't the car. the issue is the discrimination. You were talking about the wrong subject.
in my experience it's mostly an aesthetic thing, people find them less visually appealing.
No, but not being one is unattractive.
Nope, not one bit. It's really not a big deal to me, at all
Dislike all briefs
Yeah that's the part where I cut and run because I assume they aren't a legitimate company.
Never ever ever ever ever.     I would have huge hang ups about that     And part of me feels it's just inappropriate. But I'm kind of weird about it
I would think she was an idiot and my boyfriend was lazy and I'd ask her to fetch me a beer if she is here to serve people
By bringing everyone onto the same level. That doesn't mean men are subjugated. Unless you think that men and women starting from the same positions and having similar opportunities means men are being subjugated.
I thought it was going to be [the Famous Five](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Famous_Five_%28Canada%29)
It's actually a different use of the word radical    I do agree that *extremists* are like that. But not all radicals are extremists, and not all extremists are radicals.
They are all restructuring patriarchal aspects of society. I think mainstream feminism relies heavily on the ideas that came out of some of the radical feminist philosophy.
I'm very into eyebrows
For me, it's someone who is content to live a life they are unhappy with because improving their situation takes too much time and effort. And so they would rather be miserable than try to improve their life.
I'm sure some do     I don't
I'm not a fan but I don't like gentle, either
Long stubble/trimmed scruff/trimmed full beard. Long enough it doesn't hurt but not a long beard.
It's a turn off to me but it wouldn't stop be from dating someone I was really into       Also downvotes are because we get a billion of these posts. And complaining about them just makes people downvote more
Total deal breaker. His orgasm is one of the main reasons I have sex.
Why would you even do that? How would you feel? How can you not see that it's cruel to get angry with someone over something embarrassing that they couldn't control?
Why the fuck don't you believe her?
Lean and defined. Hate big/swollen/bulky. No opinion on veins.
I like the flat tax rate (10%) my province previously had, with no one making under 45k paying any income tax.
Agreed, wholeheartedly
But it seems like it doesn't genuinely make you feel better about yourself aside from a brief moment of gloating. If you feel like an ugly person and a door mat, you need to work on that shit. Posting awful things for temporary relief doesn't allow you to become a person who can be confident and genuinely like who they are as a human being
They assume I like the same things as all the other girls they have been with, and just do the same shit over and over whether I like it or not.
I find both sweaty and overly foot-work inclined dancers to be unattractive.
Support, and then input if I ask for it
He feels that it's sexist and diminishes the fact that men have needs beyond what is stereotyped while perpetuating sexual assumptions that can be harmful
Man, that makes me super awesome
Nope, I find that frightfully rude.
It depends entirely on the relationship.    I would buy it and also get ticket insurance
Even now I assume you are a huge asshole
