This for sure. Marvin will be gone before the team takes another stab at a QB in the draft. Honestly, though, Mike Brown is getting very old, I'd think he'll croak before either happens.
So happy to see this happening. If we're not going to have any sort of rail system around here, we need to get rid of all the abandoned tracks.
Well shit, if we're not getting Reilly we should at least get a consolation prize.
I'm playing this now and I agree with the critics: this game is criminally underrated and anyone who got hyped for Bayonetta 2 should pick this game up immediately because it is every bit as fantastic.  It's literally like playing a Saturday Morning Cartoon.
They totally made this song so that sports stadiums would license it when they play it during giveaways.  Source: Blue Jackets fan.
It would be *if it were on vinyl*.
It is the best option on this short of notice, honestly.
Even if an offense runs most of the time they're within 5 yards, defenses expect that scheme and you still have to get in the end zone.  That sort of power and skill doesn't come easy. We've seen plenty of RBs get stuffed repeatedly on goal line attacks, even with good offensive lines. To put up those kinds of numbers with that yardage is still pretty special.  I feel like this argument would need to go to the tapes. How many of those TDs did Alexander have to fight for and how many of them were gift wrapped to him? That's the true tale of his ability.
His reasoning was a little off but the main points still stand. Looking at a screen for extended periods of time is not great for your eyes. Sitting down for an extended period of time is not great for your neck or posture, nor for muscle strength and general bodily functions. These are real things to consider when we talk about a generation whose main forms of entertainment will be coming from indoor activity.
There absolutely needs to be a bridge going from NKY to the West Side. The only reasonable ways to get out of the West Side onto 75 include going through cramped roads to get on the Western Hills Viaduct or Hopple, take the long way to get onto 74, or go through congested streets to get onto 50. All of these just plain suck, especially if you have to get to Kentucky from there. Having a replacement for the Anderson Ferry makes so much sense, as its so dense and the access needs to that much greater.
Something tells me that's going to be banned or changed pretty quick.
I'd rather not trade within the division, but then I look at the stacked defensive prospects the Devils and possibly the Canes have, realize that Rychel isn't going to make them into playoff contenders overnight, and realize that they would make good trading partners. I wouldn't want to help Pittsburgh in any way unless I got the better end of the deal simply because of Crosby and Malkin carrying them.
Well yeah, when you've okay got so much talent and you have multiple projects, you're going to take on the one that brings in the most money. GoT has this over Borderlands pretty easily.
Man, every time I think I can't like Scott Hartnell any more, he pulls off more of this.
More like an Xbox One demo.
Three cups in six years. Goddamn.
Of course Chicago would be on there, because they need more Cups.
That, uh, was disappointing.
Seriously, that part made me cringe when Skylanders showed up. Who over the age of 10 cares about Skylanders?
Man, how come none of you guys want to move defense, the one position we need? :(
2 years, $7M sounds pretty fair. "Thanks for getting us to where we need to go, prove you're worth more."
NJ is stacked with defensive depth, they need offense.  That said, I'd give them a value of up to one of our seconds to move up to 6 so that Philly doesn't get Provorov.
Toronto is trying to get overpaid for all their assets, I don't think anything huge will be coming their way.
I seriously hope this takes off. If the Olympics are any indication, Women's Hockey can be just as good as Men's from a spectator's standpoint.
Lol it's cool. Everyone in the state has silly pride that we are entitled to make fun of others for :P
Seriously wish Blizzard would get a small team to make another Lost Vikings.
It would have to depend on if it's a good possibility of us grabbing a solid QB with wherever they're going in the draft with that. Too early to tell how the college game is going to look.
Colts fans are awesome. They have a great team but are totally respectful. Cheers!
No way is this more disastrous than Mitt Romney's "47%" video though. At least with Dean, we got laughs for years. With Romney we only got disdain and shame on him.
Very real possibility, although if I'm Arizona and have all that cap room, it would kill two birds with one stone.
I love not only that happened, but Scalia is probably going to write a butthurt response to it and it'll be funny.
I KNOW ITS NOT HOCKEY BUT FUCK IT IM HAPPY AND IM NOT EVEN GAY  FUCK SCALIA AND HIS BUTTHURT ATTITUDE  FUCK THOMAS AND HIS BULLSHIT SILENCE  FUCK ALITO BECAUSE HES AN ASSHOLE  FUCK ROBERTS BECAUSE WTF MAN I THOUGHT YOU WERE AT LEAST KIND OF COOL  EAT SHIT OLD RACIST FUCKS
Gotta include all those picks and maybe a prospect.  I was high on Hannifin, but not THAT high.
You don't. Instead you get a good deal going with either Toronto or NJ that's fair for both sides and snag Provorov.
Crossing my fingers for Hannifin. Keep picking offense!
I'd have to think that a package of Rychel and a 2nd would make for a tempting offer for a Top 4 D-Man.
I kind of like the one on the bottom right. Shame we at least don't have a color picture of it.
You guys aren't very good at trading goaltenders, it appears...
Got the #3 defenseman and the #2 European in the draft (and Jarmo knows Europeans). They filled organization needs and could potentially make the club this year.  I like it.
I feel like they could have gotten more, but for what it's worth that's a high 3rd. Lack is not Talbot.
Fucking insane price. Edmonton is looking to be my Dark Horse this season with all of these moves.
Not a bad price for a few days of negotiating.
Still have no idea why the trade even happened in the first place. It didn't help us with cap space and Karlsson needs time still. Moving up from second to third round was nice but I'd rather have Wiz when it's all said and done.
Goddammit Carolina stop making good moves.
Can't argue with SCF and ECF back-to-back appearances though.
It's crazy that Anaheim essentially gave up all those pieces for a backup.
What are the odds that he leaves Russia to play for us? Looks like a solid stay-at-home defender, I'd love for Tyutin to show him the ropes.
Honestly if I'm the Hawks I'd use him as trade bait for the next deadline. They're not going to get that kind of package now and I'm sure there will be a team willing to pay that price next season when there's an injured player or two.
What a ridiculous scenario. The only way Buffalo actually wins this draft over Edmonton is if Eichel performs better than McDavid.
No, you trade him to another team for a Top 4 Defenseman and a first, and watch him go win a Cup twice **FUCK YOU JEFF CARTER**
