Your comment assumes McIntosh actually played it. Far more likely he just saw Geralt and made up his all about it. Now what is it called when you judge someone based solely on physical apprences?
Mainstream Christians are exceedingly lucky that their religion is so old we don't have police records, or any records for that matter, of their founder to discredit their holy book's claims.
Eugh. Don't these shitlords know that langue is meaningless and that we can pineapple race car driver whatever we flamimgolope?
Also nachos con queso are banned for being too Jewish.
Chinese people in this case are already an American minority so under the arbitrary and subjective rules of social justice a story exclusively about Chinese people is more diverse than a story about white people.
I'm talking about the false bravado of it all.
No that's actually black face.
The only thing that bothers me about this is their smug sense of self-satisfaction they have from thinking they're pissing people off when really no one cares.
From what I've seen with Pagan Min it looks like they're just doing Vaas again because that's what people liked the most about Far Cry 3. But the thing is that Vaas was a happy accident, the guy who plays him came in and did such a great performance that they gave Vaas a stronger presence. In short, Far Cry 4, and especially Pagan Min, stunk of trying to recapture the lightning in a bottle and that usually doesn't work out all that great.
Also it screws up how we should fix the issue. Oh white people not being unfairly harassed by the police is a privilege? Well then we just need to have the police unfairly harass everyone.
So you just up and give it to the first human trainwreck who drops in?
More like obesity is the symptom of some mental illness.
Hero complex. As long as you presuppose your own moral superiority you can get away with (to yourself) anything. I bet in twenty years he's going to get pulled over for a DUI, rant about the Jews, and call the arresting officer "Sugartits".
I have the sneaking suspicion that Tammy's "helpfulness" came from a place of smug, self-congratulatory satisfaction. Which is why she was so over the top about it. She's not just helping someone, she announcing to the whole world "Look at me! Look at how selfless and generous I am! Praise me! Praise me!"
Planetness is more about attitude than weight. If you're helping a blind person so that you can steal food off their plate because you think they won't notice, you're a planet. Size is irrelevant. You are a gluttonous pile of trash.
Why do we teach kids English, it's a language spoken by white people? We should all learn a proud PoC language like Spanish.
I blame 30 years of diet industry commercials selling people the idea that weight loss is a trick that just needs this one thing to work. But once you analyze their motivations it becomes an obvious farce. They're trying to sell you a product and they don't want you to buy their competition. The CI-CO method, despite being the most scientifically reliable, asks for moderation, which runs contrary to a capitalistic market's emphasis on profit by consumption.
Is it okay to cause panic in a closed public space by making a fake bomb threat? What about prank calling the FBI or providing false testimony at court? You can gob on all you want about the immutability of free speech but at the same time practically everyone is okay with a few limitations for the sake of the larger public.
Free Speech exists for the benefit of society not the individual. If one individual's personal rights puts the saftey and well-being of the larger society in jeopardy then that individual's rights must be restricted. This is the foundational definition of liberty. Absolute freedom is far more destructive and harmful in practice than its well-meaning advocates such as yourself make it out to be.
In North Korea society is sacrificed on the altar of a ruling aristocracy. They can say all they want but their actions betray everything. That's why I can condem them. A balanced, healthy society has rules that are governed by a living document that is constantly scrutinized and thought about. It's not strict rules that burden and eventually enclave societies, it's blind, unthinking adherence to rules. That's where people constantly get me wrong with my opinions. I expect them to be challenged and questioned. When I talk about restricting individual freedom for the good of society, I'm expecting there to be a constant dialogue about where this line should be drawn.
The problem is that this isn't voluntary. Govenors from across the South are ordering the removal of Confederate battle flags from state and public property, and the nation-wide legalization of same-sex marriage was a very close SCOTUS decision. The South is only becoming more progressive because the rest of the country is dragging them kicking and screaming into the 21st century, not because its they've voluntarily changed their ways.
Yes and Russia annexed Crimea to help those poor, oppressed Russian minorities.
Apparently. It's the Southern conundrum: it's not wholly ethical to use government force to compel them to follow moral edicts they don't agree with, but if we didn't there's a strong chance they never will do so on their own.
We could do it, just pay her $300K.
Eh you need someone to cancel out the ultra-right white nationalist Stormfront demographic.
So when I asked about M's upbringing and you said you didn't know much about it, was that a lie?
That seems like a shitty plan.
Even if he wasn't fishing for poon he was clearly fishing for compliments and praise on his progressive, open-minded ways. Not having a Tumblr account was his first mistake in that regards.
Dubed with characters speaking their local accent ala Metro 2033. I thought I'd try immersing myself with the Russian language track with English subs. What I discovered is that it became less immersive because a lot of the world building background conversations literally just turned into meaningless background noise.
He's implying Mark Twain was racist because of the name Nigger Jim. This means that the whole point of Huck Finn could not have flown over his head farther. I know it's a joke and he's not serious, but I'm coming out at this laughing at Louis' poor reading comprehension.
C.S. Lewis was skilled enough at rhetoric and writing to trick his audience into thinking Christianity makes sense.
Are you blinking? That's the oportunity your mirror self has been waiting for to steal your place and enter our world.
No. They have been epigenitcally programmed with a gender identity opposite of their genotype. Gender is the mental assignment of male or female, sex is the genotype and genitiles. Sex influences gender but they are seperate things. 99.9% of the time a person's mental gender identity matches their biological sex, in that tiny percent of the time it doesn't the most common result is having a mental gender identity that is in opposition to their biological sex. Research has shown that this is a fact, not a delusion or a personal choice. In transgender there is a detectable error between the mental software and the biological hardware. Trans race and transethncity are not real because people don't have mentally assigned racial or ethnic identities.
When pride turns into delusion.
So his writing advice is be more cliched and rip off Star Wars?
I'm not surprised by but also disappointed in Eclipse Phase's clientele. It looks like such a cool concept with so many unique story telling hooks built into it, but because it's a post-Singularity society it brings all the Dork Enlightenment boys to the yard, and they're digitized cyberpeens are like, better than yours.
God is perfect.  Perfection is impossible.  Therefore God is impossible.
Oh shit I guess because squares exists God must exist.
Fucking look it up dipshit. The definitions that I've been trying to teach you are right there on fucking Google. You have given me no reason to accept your incorrect definitions except by fiat.
Having a 50% nitrogen atmosphere is bad but not for the reasons she thinks.
The fucked up part is that they would rather a man of dishonest faith than a man of honest disbelief.
Basically the way I rule it, rites and fetishes are ok from 1st edition, Lodges and Gifts are not.
Then there's also the shallow critcism that it's the worst Star Trek because there's no space travel.
Donald Trump's hair is a chemical ecological disaster zone that Trump bravely chose to wear so it could be contained and monitored by a team of specialists. Unfortunately it appears to have leaked tendrils into his brain and is responsible for his erratic opions, wild mood swings, and general shithead behavior.
Well yeah. They split Charisma into three different stats and then tweaked them to follow the Power, Finesse, Resistance model. Of course it's going to get weird. Hell trying to define how you interact with people with just a bunch of numbers is kind of weird.
Whatever is moral and ethical is whatever God says at that moment. How delightfully malleable, authoritarian, and subjective
Hey Allah, if you created women exactly as they are, what's up with all the menstral-hate?
"Christian Film"  "Film People Watch"  You must choose one.
The important part isn't just that the Quran is violent, but that the Quran is not uniquely violent. It's basically no better than any other so called "Holy" book. To wit:  "And it shall come to pass, that every soul, which will not hear that prophet, shall be destroyed from among the people." Acts 3:23 Anyone who doesn't believe in Jesus will be killed.  "He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him." John 3:36 If you don't believe in Jesus God will be angry.  "And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear you, when ye depart thence, shake off the dust under your feet for a testimony against them. Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city." Mark 6:11 Any city that defies the testimony of Christ will be even more fucked up than Sodom and Gomorrha.  "Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword." Matthew 10:34 This is attributed to Jesus and is followed by a whole screed about how you need to love Jesus more than your own family.  "But the heavens and the earth, which are now, by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men." Peter 3:7 God reserves the right to set every non-believer on fire.
You know what /u/fantasyfeet, I'll let you keep your delusion. Yes, all powerful and successful people are actually really smart and conniving. There's no way an idiot could make money saying stuff other idiots like to hear. If you gave a real idiot a microphone and tell them to speak their opinions they'll just sit there and babble incoherently.
