I just hope it's not another cat :(
He was highly flawed, but you see the world through his eyes so it is very easy to relate to him.
He was a gray character in Life of David Gale. While for altruistic reasons, he allowed some really shitty stuff to go down.
I would argue he was the good guy in Glengary Glen Ross. You might have hated how he chewed out Jack Lemmon, but he was just doing his job as head of the office. Also it was one of my favorite roles of his: he was relatively unknown and surrounded by Legends of acting. Yet he was able to shine as brightly as every one of them.
The ones that got me were: Of course I cheated and I had every right to because.....
Only with guys shitlord...if you want to prevent rape culture, feminists should only date feminists, even if straight. If you have straight sex, you are contributing to the patriarchy.  ^am ^I ^doing ^this ^right?
This is a retarded article...  Come at me xir!
Doesn't mean a bunch of kids are trying to get another one going. I mean, their parents will pay for a lot so who knows. I guess we will see when the times comes.
Now you did it Shitlord. Now that you have apologized, I can refuse to accept it and bash you even further for no reason other than to espouse my superiority.  I have to be doing this right by now.
After the blood bath it fell apart to me. It just never carried the momentum and skill as the first half of the movie. Ben Foster's role was great though and worth it just for that.
Imagine if Feminists were as disgusted with females who: cry rape to get back at men when no rape occurred or they just regretted it later; faked pregnancy so they can keep their boyfriends (also the women who sell used pregnancy tests to these females) ;  who want out of a marriage and then claim abuse so they can get an edge on child custody or alimony; who verbally attack other females for not agreeing with their definition about how the world works;   If they did all this, feminism in the west would not have the negativity associated with it as it does today. Then we could all work together to build and maintain an egalitarian society where the measure of a person's worth is not based upon race or sex, but on their actions and deeds.
No, you see. Guys are supposed to make any advances. Although, if you are wanted, it is reciprocated, and if not, then you are a rapist.
I am guessing it is pretty heavily armored so even if you are getting your ass kicked you can jump away.
While that was one thing I thought of, I thought that having the ring would be even more dangerous if they know she was the ex-khaleesi
Basically it takes a few episodes to get into it as it doesn't go for flash and it is setting up the whole series. As such, once it hits it's stride, it rarely lets go and it becomes one of the greatest media experiences you can encounter.
Looks good, but wasn't supposed to be released 2 years ago? I am worried that we are going to see a repeat of WatchDogs and it will be some great ideas, but won't live up to the hype they are projecting.
I feel as if she has been in the longest "friendzone" ever. She was willing to live a shitty life just to be with her love, even if not returned.
Good ol' Cobleskill. If you ever want to see the most pathetic State University Campus, go there for a visit.
Unless you come out as Transblack, like the ex NAACP chick.
What happened was they were forced to give up their tips. It's scummy because people were giving it based upon the service of the waitress. A lot of people would not have tipped if they knew it was going to the house.
Well let's face it. The police are made up of a larger percent of high school graduates who couldn't do much else. Of course they are racists. I feel the cops are more like the crew shown in Generation Kill. You have a small number of elite people who are smart and know what the hell they are doing. A whole lot of people who will do their jobs and follow orders even if retarded. They also are usually racist, but not mean people in general. Then there's Dave "Captain America" McGraw, who is going to end up shooting first and asking questions later.
Just think about this, most of us have flash drives larger than this HD.
I think this is expected. Some people are grab one popcorn at a time type. Others are grab a few or a fist full at a time.
While one of the weakest Marvel movies IMO and easily the weakest of the first phase, it's not BAD. Just partly bland (except the Hulk scenes themselves). Also who's idea was it to get Omar Little in the movie and not even give him a speaking role?
The original cut was bland. The Director's cut is literally one of the best movies of the year. Also Norton does such a great job, he kills it, even though he wears a mask the entire time.
The first one was decent. It was a bit of a side step as it didn't really top the previous pixar movie in terms of quality and it was done during Pixar's Golden Age (where everything they were putting out was 5 star, top 100 movie quality). It was more marketable to kids, even with some of the adult themes, but the adult themes were more innuendo type to go over kids heads. This contrasted very much from the current crop of pixar movies which are more adult movies if you think about the themes yet they were family friendly.  Then the 2nd movie came out and it was clearly a kid's fart jokes are funny type of movie with very little for adults to enjoy.  As such, they get a lot of hate as it was the first 'chink in the armour' for Pixar and showed they were not some perfect studio that can do no wrong, but they were like any other studio and that they can make mistakes, cater to the dollar, and make bad films.  Had these movies came out during the era when Brave came out I think people would be more understanding about the quality of both movies.
Probably not, but A lot more enjoy the stupidity of it.
Basically. I didn't mind the whole twist though as I enjoyed it for what it was. Hopefully they will do better with the next movie.
The books were so much better, but it was still a great movie. Yes it was the right thing to do. You might not like it, but it's a fucking cruel thing to do to steal someone else's kid because you can.
Remember kids, they did fuse pretty easily. Rose is kind of like a  60's hippy though with the free love if you think about it. While not one sided, the level and type of love was probably not the same though.
Just a line, one measly little line could have saved this and been okay.
It's an amazingly well made snuff film, but that is all it is.
It's actually one of the few movies that transcend the "misfits become champion" movies, in that they are winners and they have to integrate and yet not lose. It is one of the best movies in the genre. I respect your wish to not see it, there are a few movies I know are great which I just never seen (mostly because I have never been in the mood to watch them)
I liked it a lot more than I thought I would. It was better than Red State in that Red State feels like it should have ended better. Tusk was a perfectly made movie of it's type.
I hate his personal life. I still think he can pull off any role he puts his mind to.
I still like salty bird mom
Things happen. Our thoughts are our greatest strength and weekness. Can you recall your thoughts at the time? Did you just get a bad feeling?
Some of them have good fresh local meat. Most others carry the one in opaque packaging so you don't see what you get till you open it. NEVER get meat you can't see.
I liked a lot of the training scenes also.
Michael Bay is the master of this (I guess his films cost so much to make as it is just CGI and explosions).   Transformers (especially the last 2) were just loaded with ads.
I think if they just did that for most of the movie, it would have been much better than what was released.
I wonder how much Feminists would have loved the book/movie had the wife gotten away with setting up the guy and he went to jail/put to death for it?  Because obviously if a guy cheats he deserves to go to jail, deserve to die or more. This is why I often see them show so much love to the posts by girls who destroy every worldly possession by guys they 'think' cheated on them.
Well, I kind of do agree with the point she made about Tim Roth (it's both true in fact and how he played the character as well. I think Roth was passable in the role and he usually excels at all the roles he normally plays, but this felt like it was not for him).  However, (spoilers ahead) it was a great movie that had racism because it was set right after the Civil war with people in the Southern States who fought it and had a major character who was black and wouldn't kowtow to the racists. Also one of the racists still turned out to be a good guy who ended up helping the black guy.  If Samuel L Jackson (who got his start as a major actor and still works with Spike Lee) has no problem with the racism QT puts in his films, then neither should this person or anyone else. He does it for a reason and every time it is purposeful.
I loved how Days of Future Past erased it and a few other movies from existing though by altering the timeline.
This is the only time I can enjoy watching sports actually. Watch anything on TV? Fuck no, I don't give a shit. Take me to a game...GO LOCAL TEAM. Its the enjoyment of being with other people and their energy which I enjoy.
Steve Carell deserves the Oscar for this role. Once again he proved he is an amazing actor who should get more dramatic roles.
Kill Bill is a pitch perfect film. While a lot will say Pulp Fiction, there is some wear and tear for me and I won't leave it on if not in the mood to sit through it. I feel a lot of it has to do with how people tried too hard to emulate it and we got clones (some good and some bad) of this exact style of film. KB however is just perfect. There is not a single bad aspect to it at all and I just see it being more watchable in 50 years than Pulp Fiction will be.
I had a manager who learned to say "It's nothing bad" when he did this. Every manager should learn how to do this.
What's best about the "getting the other person to change" is that if you acquiesce, they will break up with you and say "You are not the same person I fell in love with".
On another note: FUCK HOAs
