Sleeping so hard they call me Rip Van Winkle
Boogie plays every game and is incredible
Why would you ever try to throw hands with James Johnson? He's a legitimate Chuck Norris-esque badass
Harris has been great. Such a high floor, which is what you need to mix in with some volatile guys, even though he can explode himself. He won't hurt you. Though, I feel like I can't really decide who I'd like best between Harris, Barton, and JRich. They all kinda function the same way for fantasy purposes, but I'm not sure who the best own of the three would be
Now to debate grabbing Sabonis by dropping Collins or Jaylen Brown. I feel like Collins probably will break out. He’s been very good even in small minutes. Brown frustrates the hell out of me
In a Points league, DLo just got dropped by the Turner owner to grab Sabonis because of no IL. Should I drop Jaylen Brown, Gary Harris, or John Collins for DLo? I have Bron, Boogie, Draymond, Simmons, The Lord, Donovan, Dunn, Ingram, Wiggins, and Conley. Part of me is thinking Brown, but I also think he could be awesome, but I think DLo must be grabbed
DSJ probably? Bradley has been very bad in Points
DLo for Points, but LaVine can be more helpful for a lot of builds I'd imagine
I'm not sure how much value Chriss is going to have as long as the hip is an issue
Barton for Beas methinks
I'd drop Fox yeah
I agree. Pick up Lauri out of that list
If the Grizz can trade Tyreke, I think that's a sign Conley probably will come back. If they can't, it's because they couldn't get a solid return or because they're going to shut Conley down and need Reke in order to get fans to attend the tank
I don't disagree, but I definitely figured Waiters would hurt his value a bit if he came back. Now he should be a lock to keep playing big minutes
If [as] wants to go to a hard TV-MA (i.e., say fuck, cunt, and cocksucker), BoJack would be an ideal syndicated show to help launch Adulter Swim. Still, its best syndicated home will depend on its editing
I completely disagree with the idea that he’s just not that good this year. He was playing incredibly before he hurt his back, and his performance now isn’t merely a regression to the mean. He’s in a slump because he’s playing well below what had already been established as average for him this season
Why would McDaniels leave New England to join a franchise that fired a coach after getting them their first playoff win in 14 seasons, since Steve McNair’s MVP year? Not to mention that was Tennessee’s first playoff appearance in nine seasons. The Titans never should’ve hired Mularkey, but to fire him after ostensibly doing his job isn’t a great look.  While a lot of it is playcalling, Mariota was downright terrible this year. He regressed miserably. He had accuracy issues, he finished with two more INTs than TDs as he only had 13 passing TDs, and he never once threw for 3+ TDs or 307+ yards (he got to 306 twice, his only times to break 275 in the regular or postseason). His YPA also dropped a whole half a yard even while throwing the most picks of his career. He finished with an 88 passer rating... He sucked. Maybe the Titans tried to get Mularkey to fire Terry Robiskie (OC) and/or Jason Michael (QBs), but Mularkey drew a line in the sand or something. Still, I’m not sure why a hot coaching candidate would want to join a franchise who just fired a guy after getting them their first playoff victory since W.’s first term in the White House  ETA: It looks like McDaniels won’t be leaving New England for Nashville anyway, as reports indicate him going to Indy. Who do the Titans hire?
I’d be interested to see how long the line is to work for an employer who fired the guy who gave them their first taste of postseason success since Air McNair’s MVP season, which was during W.’s first term. I can understand restructuring the offense and getting better coaches behind Mariota, but I’m not sure it’s a great look. Plus, [Mariota was downright putrid this season](https://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/M/MariMa01/gamelog/2017/)   Tennessee’s three biggest programs/franchises have had quite a bit of turmoil from a coaching/front office standpoint. The Vols, Titans, and Grizzlies all have raised eyebrows
I watched multiple. Mariota couldn’t throw a deep ball this season to save his life. Occasionally players themselves are as responsible for their poor play as the mediocre coaches behind them
Damn, I’m happy the Packers spent 3 picks on RB last draft. Certainly couldn’t have gotten better value, or maybe even one guy who can just stay healthy, in this year’s class
The Packers do have needs basically everywhere, including QB (gotta get a better backup). I think Williams and Jones were both serviceable to good, but both missed games due to injury, and we took 3 RBs from a shallower RB class when defense was the clearest priority. I’m happy for the front office shakeup
The Titans are undoubtedly a better team right now, but if Andrew Luck is healthy, he’s the best offensive player in the AFC South by a pretty wide margin. The Colts have a bottom offensive line and defense, a potentially elite QB, and solid offensive playmakers. The Titans have a solid OL, a promising young QB, a middle tier defense, and some questions about where its offensive ceiling is. I feel like someone like Arians would be a great hire in Nashville  ETA: Rapoport is reporting McDaniels is expected to go to Indy
Mariota missed plenty of wide open passes this season. His touch just wasn’t there. He’d over or underthrow so, so many open looks. If the WR was wide open, and it was the read Mariota made, how is it purely on Mularkey’s coaching and playcalling? I’m not saying Mularkey was great, but Mariota’s prior success was also under Mularkey, and to blame everything on Mularkey is to ignore the fact that Mariota was downright bad at times. By every conceivable metric, he was a below average QB at best in 2017, not all of which can be blamed on Mularkey and Robiski. They’re not the ones throwing the ball at the end of the day. Not to mention, with Shurmur, Patricia, and McDaniels now all seemingly off the table, who do the Titans get who can get Mariota on the right path?
Not everyone necessarily plays ROTO/CAT, but I agree his defensive stats and assists would be the best part about owning him if you have him there. He shot 27% and didn't get to the line, which seems to suggest he didn't drive to the basket much. Dunn was also scoring 15+ pretty frequently, so if his scoring is going to dip substantially, it's going to affect his value in various formats
I mean, if you’re in Points or punting TOs, you still probably underpaid if you got Boogie in the second round
The fact that he went full blown Meet Me in Temecula was not his best look, especially against Lowry who would throw hands. Simmons is still ahead of DMitch on my ILU rookie board though
From a fantasy standpoint, both Brees and Mariota were busts this past season, yet Brees at least had the decency to finish in the top 10.  Mariota finished fantasy as QB18, as a low-end QB2, but clearly it’s all Mike Mularkey’s fault because Mularkey made him throw 15 picks and only allowed him to throw for 13 TDs.  I like Mariota, but he simply had a terrible year. I truly don’t understand the crusade to defend what was statistically one of the worst seasons by any quarterback who started five games or more, by most qualified starters, in 2017. Yes, the game plan around him was often bad, but Mularkey, Robiski, and company weren’t the ones throwing the ball. Mariota was very inaccurate and was the QB helming one of the league’s worst passing attacks. Joe Flacco, who quarterbacked the worst offense in the league, still threw for more TDs and fewer picks than Mariota, but you don’t see people crying out that the bad offense had nothing to do with his level of play. How is Mularkey or Robiski responsible for every drive that died with a Mariota turnover? Or how were they wholly responsible when Mariota made the proper read, but simply could not get the ball to a wide open man? You can like Mariota and still think his level of play in 2017 didn’t help elevate the Titans above Mularkeyball. Despite missing 9.7 games, even Aaron Rodgers still passed for more TDs than Mariota, and Mike McCarthy gets bemoaned for his playcalling by damn near every Packer fan. People don’t blame Mike McCarthy for Rodgers’ broken collarbone either, but I guess Mariota played like ass purely because of the mediocracy around him
He’s a hot and cold player pretty much regardless of minutes
Oh for sure. If Ilyasova goes anywhere, Collins should feast. I agree that he’ll be a better sophomore prospect than rookie though
Austin Rivers is reaching for peak Coach’s Kid. Can’t stand him, the Clippers, or Chris Paul for that matter
This might be too cruel even for the Browns. I wouldn’t wish the human colostomy bag that is Ben McAdoo on anyone
Andrew Wiggins is so fucking bad a lot of the time. Can’t figure out what to do with him or Jaylen Brown honestly
I'm still completely fine with us cutting Wade. I hate his attitude and haven't been a fan dating back to his Vandy days
[The Grizz rn](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/JampackedUnimportantHoki-max-1mb.gif). They're finally embracing the tank! After winning the MLK game. Can't say I hate necessarily hate it as it's a race to the bottom, but I wish the Grizz wouldn't necessarily rest their stars at home. Of course, Marc and Brandan could actually be sick, but Marc will probably start having an "illness" a lot more often.
Martin absolutely should not play the 5
Nah. They’re just the Knicks. They have 2 2nd round picks this draft, but are still projected to miss the playoffs. Currently in 10th in the East. It’s funny to me this Grizz team, especially tonight’s lineup, is giving them fits so far
Boogie with yet another DD despite another game with 5+ TOs. Was hoping for a monster performance after the way he started the game, but I'll settle for yet another very good performance - 19 points, 14 rebs, 7 assists, 2 blocks, and a steal with only 5 TOs!
He drives me insane. One of the most frustrating players on my team, but I like him more than Wiggins and Jaylen Brown, who also frustrate me right now.   Why didn’t he close out the game tonight? I noticed he wasn’t really in in the 4th
There needs to be serious Mitchell RoY talk. Simmons has been fantastic, but so has Donovan. They both play well on both ends of the court, but wow, what a night from DMitch. Very exciting prospects, and I have both this year haha. Mitchell was straight electric tonight  Mitchell - 34 Pts (14-19, 1-4 3P, 5-7 FT), 1 reb, 3 assists, 3 steals. He had 3 TOs, but it's easily excusable
A healthy Conley is a top 40 player pretty easily
True, but is he even worth a dime on the dollar currently? If not, that’s pretty frustrating considering he gets 30+ minutes a night on the first place team in the East
Ingram is so mediocre without Lonzo even if he does play
It’s not the safe space we deserve, but it might be the one we need
DLo has been very bad/rusty tonight fwiw
I can’t believe I’m saying this, but the Grizz might be winning too many games
Yeah. It’s hopefully just rust
Am I the only one on this sub who's team #TankForTrae ?
I wouldn't be surprised if he misses at least a week
It’s like the NFL really didn’t want a Bortles vs either Keenum or Foles Super Bowl. The disparity between penalties called and what they were calling was a joke, though Jacksonville running a terrible offense for the entire second half didn’t help
He won’t be shut down. Small markets can’t afford to shut down a healthy All-Star. He might be selectively rested, but Memphis can’t do what the Suns did last season because they can’t afford the revenue hit
