Uh, are you fucking retarded?  Those are power/phone/etc lines.
You got a what?  How long you had that problem?  What's your man got to do with me?
Goddamn that's awesome.  Love the old school look.
Wow that is AWESOME!
One of my very favorite characters overall and right now. (Sorry Harley, it's Marvel, not DC)  It's nothing like 7ofDiamonds and Co [But i'm trying to get better](http://imgur.com/V2oYhKd)
The drawing is great and all but the "Vrooom" is what sold it for me.
Fact 1: All of that in the picture is fucking delicious     Fact 2: None of that belongs at a fucking BBQ
The solo vocal track illustrates a point though.  It has the highs of classical, lows of rap, the vocals, the mix of all 3 with Neil Youngs song, the constant sound of low, mid, high and everything in between.  Katy Perrys seemed more of a mix of the other genres with the lows of bass, the vocals of Vega, and the high claps but would be of better available quality than Neil Youngs older song.
I think that people lose focus on things sometimes.  A diet is more than just counting calories.  Losing weight and being HEALTHY is more than a simple calories in/calories out situation.  200 calories of Peanut Butter is going to be healthier than 200 calories of something else like Celery or in some instances veggies because it's not about just calories.  It's about balance and having nutrients, not just the calories part.  Having a spoonful of Peanut Butter can have 200 calories and STILL be healthy.  It's a great food to stave off cravings and hunger.  Can help your heart, lower risk of gallstones, can even be beneficial for people with diabetes.
Speeding can be by accident.  Illegal lane change can be by accident.  Run a red light can be an accident or even running a stop sign can be an accident.  Eating a bowl of cereal or a salad while driving down the road is NOT something you accidentally do.  You don't accidentally pick up your phone to make a call or to text.    However if you run a stop sign or a stop light on purpose then yeah, I think a harsh punishment should be handed down.  Speeding over a certain limit?  Hells yeah I think it should be a year minimum unless it's an emergency.  Driving while drunk or under the influence of narcotics, you should never see your license again and should be 2 years minimum prison.  The person in this picture willingly made themselves distracted by HOLDING A FUCKING BOWL OF CEREAL WHILE DRIVING!  If you need to eat, eat then drive.  Or drive then eat.  Don't do both at the same time.
I blame the parents for this.  Who names their kid Cunty McFacerson and not expect to raise an idiot?  Seriously.
protip: don't try this being a ~~non-celebrity~~ male.  Especially bad if you're black.
He was so brave serving that nearly a year in prison for taking another life.  Our prayers to him through, what has to be, this emotional and difficult time for him.
Definitely loved Bob Uecker.
But I consider "Mid 90's" to be at really 94 and it had run 7.5 of it's 11 years already.
Let's be clearer, you have no idea if he's talking shit to him or not.  This gif has no audio.  Also, this is infront of a door where people just come outside.  He wasn't trying to flank him.  He was walking forward towards the guy with his hands down which is not a hostile move.  He sees his friend get knocked down and just walks in that direction.  You sound like one of those keyboard warriors that talk a lot of crap behind the anonymity of a computer screen.  My life is in my hands?  Come on man, get real.  I expect your next reply to just be "U wot m8?".
I'm perfectly chill but everyone keeps mentioning "4 friends" but there is no basis to they were 4 friends.  There is no rancor, I just expect people to back up their claims with facts.
Good point but they shouldn't then state opinions as facts.
Maybe he hates you because you're revealing 12 beauty secrets and he's a plastic surgeon?
It's fine.  It'll be for a single episode.  They won't keep them split up for good because that's just stupid.  They are hyping the season premiere just like they have been doing the past few years and "The Simpsons get divorced!" is a great headline to get people to tune in.  I see nothing wrong with that.
Sadly, i think most of his shit is made up though.  *edit*  heh, I knew i'd get downvoted for this.  You can downvote me, won't change my opinion of him.  Hell, probably all 5 downvotes are his alt accounts.
I won't be voting for Bernie Sanders and here is why.  These are the notes I made while watching the video.  If you can argue against them, please do so.  I ask that you downvote if you feel I added nothing to the discussion not because I disagree.  I know Reddit is all Pro Sanders (Just like Pro-Obama) but just read first:  Raise salaries - This will be good.  You'll have slight inflation but not as much as the amount you get so it would help but it's already in motion to raise minimum wage to $15/hr.  Guarantee health care, we have that.  You have to be able to pay for it.  You can't just give free healthcare to everyone because someone has to foot the bill. Public funded elections won't happen because the people who don't want them to happen control wether it happens or not.  We can cut military funding by 38 billion dollars and that's great.  We can use it in education but throwing money at education isn't the answer.  It needs reform more than it needs money.  Free college tuition is nice but for the millions who will take advantage of it, who will pay for it?  Racial equality?  That's been of a pipe dream, like to see it happen. We're already moving towards relying only on renewable resources.
This dude isn't like a 24 year old wanting to date a 17 year old, he's in his 40's+
But it's a shitty stance because there are people having pictures posted ALL the time who are unaware of it so, fuck them?  People take content from other people ALL the time and post it here.  Taking other peoples stuff and posting it here, most often than not, without giving credit to the original person, is what Reddit is BUILT on.
Wanna do something else instead?  Donate to EFF in honor instead.  They need the money.
Yeah, I'd been in there a few times and I'm not sure how enforced the rules were but it seemed like it was a tight enough ran ship.  You can't keep ALL of a subreddit in the subreddit.  However, yeah, it's stupid it was banned.  I just think that Reddit is heading down a direction that it'll regret later.  People left Digg really quickly once they reached a point they had enough.    Reddit keeps it up, they can be next.
Your comment makes no sense.  "It's function exactly as Free Speech".  Free Speech means that you can say what you want without consequence.  Granted, it only means from the government, but your comment contradicts itself.
I always pictured that most were fat themselves and posted stuff for low hanging fruit kinda karma.
Well, it's been rumored that it's been a relationship.  Harley is by far and away my favorite comic book character.  There have been hints at something going on but 75% of it on Ivy's part.  It's been widely known she was gay for a while.  Quinn has let things slip or said things that have made someone raise an eyebrow like "I wonder".    I hope that if they do write a storyline about it that it's good for the story and not just exploitation of the fact that there is a big call for updated characters from Miles Morales to Kamala.
It's amazing that I have to scroll this far down.  Reddit fucking sickens me sometimes.  Just because you don't like someone's music you can't justify people throwing stuff at them.  This is his job.  How would Redditors like it if they had someone show up at their work and throw bread or other things at them?  They'd be pissed off too.  Most would call security and have them arrested.  But here?  Nah, it's okay because I don't like this guy or the band so it's cool to treat him like a sub-human.  Fucking despicable Reddit.
Says the person who bought something to play with his cat for him.
Great fatherly advice from ANAL-BEAD-CHAINSAW can't possibly fail.
How I feel about /r/blackpeopletwitter a lot.  They talk about celebrities and make fun of them and I have absolutely NO idea who they are talking about.
TorGuard is good as is zenmate
What sucks is that when you break fast you gorge and then feel too fat for sex :(
Over the Top is one of those movies that if you judge it by the cover looks ridiculous but was by far one of my favorite movies growing up.  I may have to watch it again.  I'm excited for this too and I'm guessing "Creed" is him training Apollo's kid?
And this is why they won't.  They pay lawyers to defend against this shit regardless if people file a lawsuit.  Though, I'd be all for them to sue him back for defamation.  Maybe settle out of court when he admits to making the shit up.  Even if just for $1.
Probably meant to be coordinated.
Yeah, that racist in SC shooting up that Church. That's Christianity for you.
This seems like a silly way to ride a motorcycle mate!
You don't know the definition of homophobia do you?  Homophobia encompasses a range of negative attitudes and feelings toward homosexuality or people who are identified or perceived as being lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender (LGBT).  I don't like seeing two gay guys kiss but I believe they have the right to do it.  I don't like the thought of two gay guys fucking but they have the right to do it.  Homophobia is thinking badly towards them and think they should not have the same rights.    Though, to be fair, I'm not for PDA in general though two guys specifically isn't something I like at all.
And THIS is why terrorists will lose here.  The fucking country is filled with Heroes.  Bravery is if you save someone you love by sacrificing yourself.  Heroism is sacrificing yourself to save random strangers.
Colognes can be bought here everywhere.  Same with makeup and glasses.  Depending on the person they may want food items.  Or if you're from Seattle, maybe some Seattle shirts (not sports teams just nice shirts with "Seattle" on them somehow) somewhat like [this](http://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/hypebeast-wordpress/image/2011/05/stussy-space-needle-t-shirt-0.jpg).  I think you said you're from Seattle, if I'm wrong then just a t-shirt similar from your state.  Shirts with the American flag are worn here too (surprising to me) but they seem to love the US Flag.  Or a Yankees Hat?  Seen QUITE a few of those.
It seemed like the Cops were trying to do just that.  They were trying to get her to stand up for several minutes on camera alone and she refused to comply to orders.  Should they just keep on asking until they're blue in the face?  They have a job and other shit to do too.
Both of these guys suck. Who would want them?  Please leave them alone :'(
I'd say get new Office Chairs over new copiers.
It's not horrible.  It's Tampa and we do well against them regularly.  I think our Defense is going to show up pissed off.  We have CAP running the ball really well too.  Fozzy and J-Stew are going to be rested in a couple weeks for playoffs.
I don't think anyone could really argue letting your child win is bad.  You want to make the child enjoy the game.  You're not trying to curb stomp them into submission ffs.  Do that when they're like 15 and vying for dominance.
He's going to make some lesbian a very happy woman one day.
You're the worse kind of Panther fan.  Arizona over Carolina and PATRIOTS!?  I'll upvote you anyways, but, come on brother!
