Calling Diana a true assassin is greatly exaggerated.  She's always been a weird Assassin/Bruiser/Mage hybrid. The shield makes no sense on an assassin, the E makes no sense for any of them honestly and the ult makes no sense for mage or bruiser.
He can't adjust to the meta. He was great during assassin meta. He was great during farm meta. He's done terrible in the mid-range meta that we have now with Azir, Cass and Viktor.
It's always impressive when you find a way to get caught out as Urgot.
Kinda. She doesn't need to stay in mid-range though like Cass. Her Q is Ziggs range and her ult is pretty long range. Her E is the only really short range ability.
Diamond may have had a good game, but I wasn't impressed in the last few mins (his ults weren't useful) and he was pretty bad in the other 3 games this split. He also wasn't impressive last split either.
Yeah, shit's boring when Giants play like a team. It's almost like they think they're in the LCS or something.
Seriously... Giants have below average siege (AP Kog poke is insane, but Ezreal isn't a tower taking ADC). They have no tank line and no lockdown. They have pitiful early game. How will they win? Split pushing? They can *never* group.
So at what point did Svenskeren lose all talent?
I don't see any possibility of Woolite having a roster spot in a month.
Soaz is legitimately terrifying now. Where was this the last season with Fnatic.
I mean, they are Korea-like styling on teams at this point. This is silly and it might hurt them when they play better teams, but it's hilarious.
I think TL can beat a few Asian teams... not SKT, but some of the mid-tier Koreans and probably do well against SEA and China.
I know it didn't happen in that game, but can we just put Ezreal back into the garbage can that he belongs in? He doesn't *do* anything.
And Teemo winds up being top damage in games involving him more often than not too. Does that make him incredibly impactful?  I see traditional Ezreal like a worse Corki and Blue Ez as a worst Urgot.
It was the fact that people only played "OP" stuff, like Nidalee, Jayce, Ezreal, etc. and would absolutely demolish you if you tried new stuff. Even if you get to throw out a cleaver every quarter second as Mundo, it just doesn't hold up to the machine gun Nidalee/Jayce lane.
I think they're good choices if you haven't gotten a lead. Annie wins fights be virtue of being overleveled a good portion of the time. An underleveled Annie with a Luden's is a lot less effective than an underleveled Annie with RoA and an Armguard.
While I like his stream, he is a terrible example of off-role play when he's stuck not going mid. He builds Full AP Janna support...  He explains the little things about Annie very well and he even does a good job explaining things while playing his fallback Veigar, but he's lost playing Top (he plays Nasus and generally goes like 1/4/something), he has like one jungler (plus Annie, which I've never actually seen him do successfully, but it's something), he doesn't play ADC and his non-Annie support pool is the aforementioned AP Janna, featuring Zhonya's and Dcap.
It may work fine, but it's making a team oriented champion that *cannot solo carry through damage* have very little in the way of usual support utility.  I'm fine with AP Sonas. I'm fine with AP Namis. Their heals aren't on their ultimates and they have fairly high scalings on their damage and utility ratios. Janna doesn't have good damage scaling. It's also somewhat of a bad habit to show lower elo players.
Well, duh. Most of us know that. I personally don't think she deserved to win even before the drug test happened. She was not the best leader.
I really don't know what Element's plan was this game. Bard and Vayne work well together, but Gragas, Bard and Vayne all seem counterintuitive to the Ekko and Fizz.
Alright let's stop with the "omg Ekko op" circlejerk. He is an assassin. He blows up a target fairly easily. His ult is the majority of his damage, yes, but it's also his safety blanket.  Saying that it's OP that he can get onto a carry and get out... what would you prefer an assassin do? THAT IS THEIR FREAKING JOB. Leblanc does that right now. Zed used to (and still can if ahead). Akali can even assassinate fairly safely (situationally). Ekko cannot blow up a target easily and safely without his ult. His only "OP" part is his zoning. He should not be able to zone like Cass or Ori while doing the damage of Leblanc. Pick one side.
Leblanc. Throw Q onto carry, W-R. Entire team chunked to half, carry dead. Press W again and you're safe.  Zed doesn't do as much AoE, but he sacrifices it for much more dueling safety and outplay potential than LB. Zed poke is also about on-par with Ekko.  I said that his stun is OP because it gives him the zoning power of any control mage while being able to do assassin damage. The field needs to be visible at cast. The shield needs to be cut to about a third of what it is. The stun should be 1 sec vs champs.
He gets a one second window where he can't nope out. During that time he should, theoretically, be using his abilities and autoattacking. One second also isn't a ridiculous amount of time... basically just enough to hit him with a quick CC.
I think that's a cinderhulk Ekko. He has so much defense.
This is hilariously bad. The bronze dives. The 1v2 0 damage Reksai. The fail Gragas ults.
Holy crap Gragas damage.
It's almost like people don't read the posts they're responding to.  I said Ekko's W active (not the execute) needs to be nerfed. The stun duration should be lowered VS champs. It should be visible immediately. The shield scaling should be cut to about a third.
That Sneaky heal-flash tower dive put him so far behind and got Ekko a kill to get sightstone. It may not seem like a lot, but stuff like that does really hurt.
Yes, but then he rapidly lost that CS lead with zero pressure on either side. Azir is supposed to be able to farm safely early, but he played terrified of LB despite a 20 CS lead. He also had no deep vision, despite a sightstone jungler (which is more the fault of Meteos than his own).
I mean Quas has had nothing but great carry games on Hecarim this split. Why ban Rek'sai over Hecarim? Dom literally plays *every jungler in the game*
Answers is great, but I'll always like Good King Moggle Mog. I don't even know why...
Alright, let's take a champion who has a defined strength/weakness pattern and make him have less weakness. He's already a very safe champion to farm with in the mid game (little less safe early) and has a point-and-click suppression (the strongest non-displacement CC).  You may think it wouldn't make him hard to deal with, but, due to slow the way slows are coded, a 90% slow wouldn't actually make his MS 1/10 of its actual number because of weird math involving softcaps. He would still be able to move at about the rate of someone withered AND exhausted, which is very slow but he gets to keep his target locked down and taking damage during its duration.  His weakness is that he is easily dealt with by a team, but if he can avoid CC in a fight, his target dies without being able to react. It's the reason they nerfed Red smite in regards to Warwick... he could literally 75% an ADC with one ability that made them unable to move for a few seconds. Not every mage needs to be able to move/cast things, especially when it makes no sense for them to do so.
I've always seen Q max since they made the armor shred increase per level. E max is outdated as I recall.
I'm not alone in thinking Vlad is a toxic champion, right?  What is the counterplay to him that isn't "Ignite and shut down before level 9"?
Lower potencies nearly across the board. Insta-cast CD makes heals do less. Mana costs are lower compared to WHM, but WHM gets free procs while AST gets quick procs.  The think I'm a little ticked off about is that Diurnal Aspected Benefic doesn't seem incredibly useful. I may be undervaluing the regen potency, but it does half of a normal Benefic.
Can we just put Roccat out of their misery? This team is nothing like the team that got into the LCS. They don't pull out the interesting picks. They don't do anything aggressive, despite having one of the most aggressive junglers in EU. Vander can't make any plays anymore.  I'm firmly in the "Nukeduck is not that bad" camp, but he's neither interesting to watch or helping to carry his team. At least Overpow was *interesting*.
I think you'll get more people against you about the excitement... I don't think anyone but the hardcore USA! USA! (read: idiots) fans think that NA is better than EU skill-wise, but a lot of people find the constant throw-fests entertaining.
Not personally my thing. I try to watch Oddone's stream, but *holy fuck* is it painful. I swear he has the attitude of a typical soloqueue player but like 10x the skill.  The only salt stream I will watch is Reynad in HS, but even that's mostly because of the bizarre shit that happens on HS streams occasionally.
Xpecial is up there as well. He was always solid with TSM, but only reason I wouldn't automatically put him as at least top 2 is the fact that I don't know how much of their success is him and how much is Piglet.
Some spells have longer wind-up times than others. I've yet to see actual evidence of Sej ult-flash being a thing and I don't trust Dom as a source of info... not because he's bad (I actually think he's a top jungler in the west), but because he is a troll.  You're telling me that you think you can throw an Ezreal Q, flash and the Q will follow your flash? No, skillshots do not work like that for them. Ashe's ult is a very low wind-up, like Ezreal Q or Nid spears.
I don't think that it's *possible* to flash during the windup of those abilities is my point. I think you are either locked in place or the amount of serverside latency is too much to flash during the windup of the ability.
Hecarim is a disgusting champion. Why is he not being nerfed?
Easiest to hardest, based on my own observations as a healer... PLD&gt;WAR&gt;DRK  Paladin is the typical "Wall" tank. They keep things on them and generally take fairly low damage. They also do very little damage themselves. Their cooldowns are icing on the cake, in non-raid settings usually, but they are the most durable.  Before Dark Knights, Warriors were the DPS tank. Now, they're more of a happy middle ground. They don't do as much damage as a Dark Knight, but they don't take as much damage either. They aren't as durable as a Paladin, but they deal more damage. Warriors excel at AOE threat and self sustain. Warriors **will** take damage, but they have tools to bring themselves back up. You need to understand your cooldowns fairly well to play a Warrior, but can survive using them improperly.  Dark Knights... oh Dark Knights. I loathe seeing them in DF right now, even as I get closer to 60. A Dark Knight will have a lot of the strengths of Warriors, but even stronger. Their AOE pulling is exceptional. They basically get a combination Flash (Paladin's aoe aggro... does 0 damage)/Overpower (Warrior's cone aggro... does damage in cone), where it will surround them like Flash but do damage like Overpower. Dark Knights need to manage so many things at once and if you let anything slip up... well you better hope your healer has some superpower heals coming your way. It's not uncommon for me to need to spam Benefic 2 and use Essential Dignity on CD on a Dark Knight for the majority of a run's trash. DRKs need to know precisely what they are doing at all times or they will get shredded about as fast as a Dragoon or Ninja.
Oh, definitely. Warcraft is really lore intense, but lately they've made the lore in WoW "Oh this happened in this book (which you can buy on our website for the low, low price of $11.95!) and therefore we aren't going to tell you what happened to make the Warchief go back in time."
I thought they'd be fine. I didn't expect UOL or H2K to play well. I expected a dropoff for SK. I knew EL would fuck up. Figured they'd probably fight for top 3.  People who outright said they would be terrible seriously underestimate Korean players that aren't on SKT. Sometimes I swear someone like Dade or Imp could come to either LCS and people would be like "They aren't on SKT so therefore shit." The one saying that Reignover would be bad because he was on a low-mid tier Korean team is just hilariously terrible.
Because people dismiss players with "Well they aren't on top Korean teams, so they MUST be shit."  Even if they are only low to mid-tier players in the Korean scene (which I honestly don't think anymore... Reignover and Huni would probably be among the top half in Korea at their roles), just because they are Korean doesn't make them inferior to EU/NA talent.  And why was Huni considered "bad" for being a soloqueue player? Isn't the new "bestest mid laner ever" a soloqueue prodigy with no competitive experience? At least Huni had immediate impact.
RoA Annie builds work less and less the higher you get.  Basically, Annie needs to win the game before important enemies get Banshees, or make them get Banshees so early that your ADC has an insurmountable lead. RoA makes you do less damage early, so you can't get your snowball on as fast. It will make you more relevant once they do get their MR items, however.  You'll see that a lot of the higher tier Annie players (Annie Bot in particular), call RoA on Annie "training wheels." Usual build is Morello into situational Needlessly Large Rod item. Triple Rod builds are the norm, followed by (likely) a Void Staff. I personally get a NLR item before Morello just by safely farming for the first 6 or 7 mins.
I personally see no "need" for these rules, except possibly the legal issues with underage gambling.  I'm not sure why it should fall on the mods to keep people from throwing money at people, legitimate or otherwise. People should exercise common sense with donating to internet strangers (who may or may not be who they say they are), but if they want to give their money to someone that they have not and likely will not meet, why stop them?
Most realms are fairly populated, with a few bordering on Full (to the point of queues being common).  Honestly, I'd recommend finding a server that shows a good connection to you (some servers are located closer than others) and, of course, joining any friends who play already.
Deep down, I know that Vick isn't going to fumble in these clips, but HOLY CHRIST SLIDE.
