I think these could be great games if they focus less on the story. Or do a better job than the first one.
I think to open bottles. Like beer bottles or old cokes.
E3 is a miserable place to be. I dont blame him.
Ooph. People are saying no nemisis system either. That was basically the whole game.
Game of Thrones has been pretty boring this year. Korra really deserves it.
You didnt show the Full House clip. 0/10
I dunno I think it's only remembered fondly because Matt and Trey was in it.
Or they could buy it?
And JJs reign was the golden era of the recap. People shit on him but he seemed like a really creative dude.
Achievement Hunter is taken over by Smosh Games. Let the cringe begin.
Jontron's going to be announced as Rays replacement. Let the shit posting begin.
It might have to do with them not following through witch their kickstarter, since they just made a film with the help of crowd funding.
Id lick his neckbeard.
One of the cringeyest guys on the internet. Just look up comletionist videos from two months ago and back, and youll see. The completionists  newer videos without him arent half, though.
Im pretty sure he only did it so when someone with half a brain watches the video, and looks at the comments they dont realize it's complete bullshit.
Damn. Why do yall like to see this stuff? Just wait til the movie comes out, and be surprised.
"I want a game, thats not a game"  Dude, youre at a games conference.
I think it wouldve been a perfect august game.
Madcatz is sweatin hard now. I just hope MS adds a turbo button.
Well, that stinks. I was hoping to replay Red Dead again.
Id honestly rather have another game than a new season, if its as good as Stick of Truth.
I imagine itll just end up people chasing the captain around the ship like a fool for a couple minutes. None of my xbox friens will go quietly into the night.
Its such a ridiculous argument, its almost like I was being sarcastic.
80s reboots and superhero films are in the same camp as me. They both show lack of original ideas in big hollywood blockbusters.
When they have ryu and kens dongs slapping during a fight cause the ingame physics, Ill be on board.
That sucks. I hate all exclusives. I guess its good for the big wigs, but its a bummer you have to pay so much just to play a certain game. Sony, ill share some halo if you give us some uncharted.
Thats been the dream of games for me. I dont need to see the pores and every hair on the characters head move. I just have wanted games that look like cartoons. I can only really think of two, though. The Stick of Truth and a PS1 Batman TAS game.
That would mean someone would have to watch Little Nicky. I dont want someone to suffer just for a screenshot Ill forget about as soon as I see it.
I think people enjoy riding hype more than actually playing the game. There's nothing wrong with that, theyll just be disappointed when it doesnt play exactly like it did in their head. Im not going to read up on the game anymore cause Im going to buy it no matter what. I trust bethesda and have enjoyed all their games.
Yeah, theyve got the same problem as Rockstar. Everything in the game is halfassed, because theres so much in the game. I still find their games fun, but prefer it when they go all in on a mechanic. Like MaxPayne 3 or Midnight Club.
I feel like thats a pretty good explanation. It felt like they cut alot of story from AoU. I hope they come out with an extended cut on bluray
Obviously his failures are more important than his successes. Have you never been on the internet?
I wouldnt mind if it were 720 60fps. I dont really care about resolution. Smoothness is way more important go me.
The graphics kinda look like butt anyway. I dont see an issue in lowering the resolution.
Homeless people dont make it seem like theyre going to spend it making a shitty videogame that will never be released. Most of the time theyre straight up and tell you theyre going to buy heroine
He seems like a very decent person. All hes given to charity and his community trump whatever hes said about people who grew up rich, and make albums now.
ITT: a guy whos taking a middle of the road approach and adding nothing to the conversation.
Grand Budapest Hotel's a better film anyway, you racist.
No one else thought it was funny? I thought it was in line with the last two spidey movies. Just like "He stole that guys pizza!" Or him telling the kids to look both ways before crossing the street, and the kids saying "Yes Mr. Spiderman." The Amazing movies lacked the corniness of the Raimi, that made them so much fun.
When you get the One, do not make the mistake of getting the Nyko rechargeable kit. It is also garbage.
And Egorapter isnt even that famous.
Try the classic Benoit murder suicide.
You cant live off weed smoke?
And Phillip Seymour Hoffman was supposed to be the teacher in the into the woods episodes. He wouldve been great in the show, but I think the guy they got was pretty great too.
Plus not very funny.
From what Ive seen they dont charge 30% more for games on steam. It comes from the developers cut. Id rather Microsoft take a larger cut than directly take my money for something I can do for free on other systems.
Yeah, true true. I thought you were saying they should have done more
Deoderant is the white mans lie.
It seems like this movie doesnt get enough love. Especially compared to frozen.
Live for yourself. There's no powder that can give you pride over yourself.
