I think the original post is somewhat deranged but raises enough points to be worth a serious answer  Firstly, most of the people identified as such when they took the UK further into the EU, were doing it because it was an easy way to get change they wanted to see.    EG, Tony Blair,  with the Maastricht treaty social chapters, Human Rights Act, etc  Going back earlier, in the 1980s one of the basic principles in favour of joining the ERM at a high exchange rate was that it put pressure on the private sector to curb price inflation (inflation and exchange rates are mutually interlinked, if you lock the exchange rate you can't devalue through inflation and have to control inflation instead)   would you call Mrs.Thatcher a Euro-federalist?  Defining characteristics that make these people non-federalist are their love of power, their desire to keep passing laws locally and telling people what to do. True federalists would realise their position as MPs is untenable unless they resolve not to use their powers  Then.. there are the minority, the true federalists. People like me. I'm 37 years old. I've never been on a battlefield defending the sanctity of my nation's borders against invading armies. I've never needed to. Nor has my father.. although my grandparents fought.  There was a major war in Western Europe more or less every 40 years from the era of the Roman Republic to 1945. One of the reasons I attribute to it having stopped is that when European nations have true freedom of action and policy, they invariably end up misaligned with their neighbouring states to such an extent that only war can resolve the differences.  The Treaty of Rome stopped that, dead  And millions live today who otherwise might not.  The EU is often ridiculous, obstructive, inefficient, corrupt, silly, contradictory. And I am constantly glad of it  A battlefield is a whole lower level of corruption and degradation. I don't expect many of you to agree. I will not respond to any replies to this posting, I feel I've said my bit.
No, its just feeling let down.
I am seeing disturbing* crossover imagery from Woman In Love and LoTR now.  *To me. It'd certainly appeal to some and good for them. BRB, off to poke out my mind's eye with a pencil
&gt;How did a crab kill your mom?   Well executed pincer movement
&gt; then who am I to say otherwise.  Think you've pretty much nailed it there. I see it differently to what follows those words, but essentially you and i see the same.
Northern Ireland.it just screams prejudice
So, BJU Sucks
"It's a substantial snack. Don't knock it"
Justifies it nicely though doesn't it. I think most of us would live with killing an armed man who threatened us - if it was someone who actually dropped the hammer, that makes it a hell of a lot easier.
Cars. Buy them with 80000 miles on the odometer for a fraction of the new price when they are only half way through their service life
I'm not aligned with his politics but bizarrely always rather respected Hague, because he actually talks and disregards his own mannerisms and vocal ticks, rather than speaking waffle in an impressive fashion  There's an honesty in it.  Or, if I'm wrong, then he's much more talented than I give credit for
if we equated projection of control areas to government, you guys would be well on top. But being a dominant power over sovereign territory you dont govern doesnt count
Mass hysteria, same causes fainting fits in single-sex schools. Not uncommon.
It's a myth. Doesn't exist. Used as an excuse by the parents of feral children
typical bull shit
It is an offence of note
OK, fair enough. Thats the best argument in favour of an end to government 'recognition' of marriage, and equality of unmarried and married people under the law.  But on a lighter note, any asexual who is getting shafted is possibly not very good at it.
even short people need to come out of their shell
if you have plenty time (and tools) but no money, and you think you should get better value from your council tax, its a valid possibility.
Mighty Car Mods. Epic.
TIL that factoid doesnt mean what I thought it did - I thought the point, and nature, of factoids was that they were true but devoid of context - which does seem to apply to all the items mentioned in that article  I might have issues with the narrative they try to portray but all of them seemed to be correct
I came here hoping for someone else to have raised this subject.  I figure, if you are offending both sides of an argument, you are doing something right. I will defend the Qu'ran to the end, it is a truly great piece of literature, one of the defining pieces of thought that formed the modern world  I will never stop criticising the underlying corruption in Islamic society that uses absolute compliance with the Word to justify its prejudicial and inegalitarian actions - nor will I stop criticising the great bulk who do not speak or act for fear of being branded heretical.  Every religious book has bad things in it. It is the choice of every modern religion to adhere to the word or the spirit, or just to reinterpret.
Quite good for roasting with though
I love the detailed responses you can get on reddit when you bring up something arcane - great post, thanks
I have been thinking about this UAV all day and I must admit I'm pretty impressed at the work.  An automated flight across several states must have crossed some pretty high hills and had to think about altitude and avoiding airports where it would be spotted by Radar.  Do you reckon it was a proving run for a drug delivery vehicle? I mean something like that could deliver weed from say Amsterdam to London or even Dublin, or south american drugs from Ciudad Juarez as far into the USA as Oklahoma City or Las Vegas (Yes I have just been stretching my fingers across google maps for distance, not having a large enough banana to use as a scale)
In my mind I'm seeing Goering apologising to Hitler for the potato quality
One thing almost as bad as electronic dipstick is the combined dipstick and oil filler on my Saab.
anyone sensible doing this would ensure the first draw was of multiple lines. then you only have to go back a few stages if you get a breakage
I wouldn't do it if I were you. They could be anyone
Its a higher quality of prank too. I love the thought that went into this
I think the shares are cheaper now than they will be in spring with discounts. Crazily underpriced. Lloyd's will announce their interim dividend before the spring sell off and I expect the price to rise from 69p as it was yesterday to the mid 80s. Edit- 2. The ex dividend date is in April too and I want that dividend.
I think I'd rather have public policy made by those who doubt themselves than by those with complete self-confidence.  Epic reply, thank you - very interesting
Not sure that actually happened. Given that nobody has died as a result of the Fukushima reactor crisis.
If you buy a VW made after 2000 you deserve everything you get...  Junk.
Any railway which is central to the platform is headed for a pretty messy crash
Also think of this. Zero-percent interest credit loans exist.    If you have cash in a deposit account earning interest, and you can get something you want on 0% interest loans, why wouldnt you take the loan?  then you earn some interest on your cash before paying the debt.  Sometimes its worthwhile for a person of positive net worth to also have debts.
I can't be 100% certain but it seems to be . just in Iraq a quarter of a million civilians died. It's been unlikely there have ever been more than 10000 active terrorists over the last 15 years.
If you think your nephew's mad, consider the neighbour's cat..
That's the Swiss for you. Raising the standard of healthcare (edit - too obscure a pun it seems)
For a threatening thing that follows you around, I think Douglas Adams nailed it.  I fear the silently-arriving soft drinks vending machine
On the flipside, the numbers I used were net of the government top-up of a full 25% on funds paid in. I excluded it as I am not willing to assume it'll always be available.....  If I'd included the 20% tax rebate (which is 25% of amount contributed to make it up to a hypothetical 100% before 20% tax deducted) to the pension fund on every contribution, then on paying in £10K then £50/mo the actual fund after 45 years would be £238000 at 5% avg growth
No worries - but remember that /u/sometimesihelp 's comments are very valid points!   The biggest downside of pension investment is you wont be able to access the money for a very long time and the tax structure at the time will be at the mercy of future Chancellors of the Exchequer
Without doubt yes and the record of prosecutions is proof of such.  There were both English and Scottish activist supporters of the IRA
If anything the govt came off well today - by delaying the privatisation of Lloyds it showed more interest in good economics than in political ideals  I was on the waiting list to buy some of the govt's shares but in the end I bought some on the open market today for less
Oh great. More carping about ancient history. Upon my sole...
That's a very incontinent way of seeing it
Implying that a brexit vote is courageous makes cowards of those who would vote to maintain a constitutional arrangement they are comfortable with.   A poor argument as many responses might be posed along the lines of refusing to flee from something being equally brave. Maybe the real courage comes with bringing forward new ideas for Europe's future and finding consensus among sceptical partners.
Unless he's already saved the purchase price. That situation would be gravy for the lucky, but hardly an idea with broad support
While i may have criticism of some users, none is aimed at the way you run this sub. You do a good job and its appreciated
When I see a girl with moles like yours I think 'I hope she gets them checked by a doctor every so often to ensure they aren't growing'  Doesnt affect my attraction in any way  Edit. Thanks to whoever down voted me. My advice saves lives from skin cancer, dont be a prick just because it's out of place in this sub.
