Too literal man.
UGH! Another 2 rival game? What ever happened to the one solid rival in R/B/G/Y, G/S/C, or D/P/other P? I'm okay with Black and White One because Bianca and Cheren were fleshed out, but the other multi rival games were weak in comparison.
How didn't ya make it? Those were 2 pretty easy games, did you just not have the time?
I love how I am the only one who said anything from gen 5 besides Cynthia (Undella Town)
HEY LOOK! A FOREIGN CHILD WITH A NAME THAT SOUNDS SIMILAR to V****! LETS MAKE FUN OF HIM OVer SoMEthiNG he cAN'T cOntroL!
Things like running around and killing cops as a squad are pretty fun...
Diamond/Pearl are fun and more challenging to Nuzlocke than Platinum, so I would keep that in mind if you are going to do those
No, I mean blowpops, they're lolipops with gum in the center, and the gum ruins it.
Really no problem, I just wanted to make a point on how it is one of the best lollipop flavors and the gum ruins it prematurely.
It should be an hour, your eyes don't adjust to darkness for 40ish minutes.
False, Peeves listens to the Bloody Baron.
Only between different countries or media.
Canada is the nice one, not Minnesota
It really wasn't that bad, it took a lot of grinding, but was a good game. The 3rd one was the end IMO.
I would say this is worse because any navy can easily attack it from 3 sides. Plus that's less workable tiles in the beginning
Undertale, it's so much better blind.
Actually, the unconscious debuff is a myth. It actually forces you to "sleep" if your "pain" factor is greater than your "pain tolerance" stat.
Thanks. So they were so stupid, not only did they think the world was actually ending, but they also got the wrong date!
Teams like you make the world a better place. Thank you. but you better not take 1st in the mlb or we will destroy you. One. Run. At. A. Time.  Thank you!
That should be a scenario. I love it.
Nothing about Gen Z here. Pretty much everything millenial can be multiplied and added to us. As ridicule from the millenials. FUUUUUU...
I believe we should be equal. I understand women have it worse. All the feminists I see act like they should be superior. I do not think we will ever have true equality. There will always be rape, both genders will suffer from it. There will always be abuse, both genders suffer from it. More men serve in the military in USA. More women get custody in divorce cases. There are many more examples to compare and contrast from. We will never be truly equal. But I will certainly try to make the world better for women in the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd worlds. And no, I am not an anti feminist. I consider myself a feminist, just not a third wave feminist. (Who are the extremists who want female superiority)
XCOM is the best unit that doesn't require resorces. It's only beaten by the GDR in strength, and not by much.
Britain didn't want to be stuck with poor economy choices of other countries. So they left so they could dodge inflation.
Good job, grinding is key, that and building a solid team early.
"Do you think he wants this? Eh, Wynaut"
you triggered me.
You can't hate when you're dead. Their families on the other hand...
Skyrim doesn't deserve it as much as TF2. Really, TF2, COD MW1/2, AoE2, Civ 4, and pretty much any other 7+ year game would fit better there. Don't know why any of the games other than TF2 and AoE2 made it. 5 isn't that long for gaming. Especially because Civ V just lost DLC support last year and Skyrim had a FUCKING REMASTER to fix its shit, and not to mention terraria being 5 years old, half of TF2's age and 12 years younger than AoE2. Skyrim just doesn't have the qualities for test of time.
Mods don't mean it stands the test of time. This is for the base game.
How do you mod a multiplayer FPS? And mods shouldn't be a factor in an award based off how well the devs did in the game a drcade ago. Not 5 years.
Actually, we don't mind them, but they didn't vote for us. And we really hate r/Skyrim because they raided our sub recently
I beat up to the assault as 8/9 characters. It's all about strategy and getting lucky walker spawns.
Because we told them that if they mashed it in with Smissmas we would fucking kill them.
Take her to some G rated movie, otherwise it's gonna suck for her if she goes with friends or something.
6th grader with baby teeth?
Genji's guns are awful. You can't draw a penis with them.
That would lead to noobs becoming useless as heavy. Imagine comp or Mann Up where a noob had shotty, buffalo steak, and G.R.U. or some other awful loadoud out. That would be pretty irritating.
I would retype the comment with everything being the opposite but I'm lazy.
You're supposed to capitalize most words in a title.
I prefer r/Shitterthoughts
Do you poeple just record you playing on the off chance this happens?
Caillou is a FUCKING spoiled shithead. He FUCKING bitches about every fucking thing in his life. His parents couldn't raise him worse if they tried, and he's an awful influence on kids.
She was a lot better in the comics. Carol and Michonne took her roles in the TV series
I think he dies in the series finale and Coral takes over leadership of the group.
No. The fighting spirit lives on.
r/TF2 laughs at you for just now realizing how shitty of developers Valve is.
He does get pretty annoying now.
So you have a pool but you didn't teach the kid to swim yet?
But if some drunk fuckhole pukes, or worse shits in the showers right during the evening or morning when you need to get showered and there are no other options, you want shoes.
