I just saw something on CNN listing the top 15 cars that are flying off the lots, and most were SUVs or crossovers.  It's obnoxious.
If Reddit had it's way, everything would be free and come with sprinkles on top.
Yea I read Dearborn and knew exactly what they were talking about.  Most likely they stepped into the lane without paying attention against the red light, as people still seem to do years after this lane was installed.    This would probably make it their fault, right?  Ped laws say that if there's a signal, peds have to obey it and not step into the street.
I can see the boat vs. kayak complaints now.  "Asshole boaters splashing me with their wake!"  "Kayak's rights!"  "Damn hipster kayakers going oar-less."  Before you know it, Landshark will be the beer of choice.
I expected it to be much higher.  What would commerical or store front rent be in other areas be?  I figured 10k would be the cheapest anywhere, but I know nothing about that kinda thing.
You think they designed for 100 year? I suppose that would make sense if there are to be shops or wine bars on it...
I'm sure he'll be telling all of his friends how terrible CPD is and how he did nothing wrong.
He's not interesting or comical.  He doesn't say controversial things.  He is in line with what most Americans already know or believe.  Why would the news cover him?  They won't get clicks from that, and nobody will laugh with their friends and say "hahaha omg Bernie is so right, amirite guys hahaha."  People want to be annoyed and upset about something, and Scott Walker, Trump, and others provide that.  Fucking news sites are the scum of the earth when it comes to political updates.  They couldn't give a flying fuck about the country.
The caveat is if there are traffic signals and they are crossing against their red light.  If they cause an accident it will likely be their fault.  Obvs if they are crossing and the driver has plenty of time to slow down and stop, the driver is still suppose to, but peds can't cross whenever they want willy nilly and expect the world to stop for them.
I love it as long as they spend their parents' money down here!
I would think CEO 101 is to not send emails when performing shady business deals.  I'm shocked how so many people get caught and how emails and text messages are used as evidence against them.  How do you get so far and yet never have the foresight to say "hmm, maybe I shouldn't put this in writing."
23 hourly is pretty good money.
What a fucking mess.  All for a broken and failed school system that is the laughingstock of the country.
You're the kind of person who stands on the left side of escalators, aren't you.
The fear of displacement flies in the face of complaints stating that a 3 day festival won't provide any economic stimulus to the community.  Fuck out of here with that inconsistent logic.  If there is no benefit to the community then crying up and down about displacement is a load of bull.    I understand their feelings, I am empathetic to that.  But they are completely irrational and their chief reason for keeping the festival out is clear.  Good thing it is likely only a select few and the alderman is on board.
I think I'm starting to see how Jesus fed so many people with a few fish.  All hail Publix.
They do.  Indiana, however, has shit laws.
On one hand you've got people who have lived in a neighborhood for years, or maybe had a mom and pop shop that was their family's name sake on the main boulevard, and on the other is a developer or or landlord who naturally is trying to make as much money as possible off leases and real estate.  In one case the area remains local and family driven, and the other results in national chain stores and a Schaumburg-esque presence. 10/10 will not support the latter.  Sure, some people make out like bandits, but a good many can only sit by and watch.  A cleaner neighborhood is always a better thing, but there is a point where it is just over saturated and no longer holds any urban appeal.
I certainly can't fault the landlords for doing what they're doing as it's just business, but I sure as shit wouldn't hold a door open for them and definitely would let my future dog shit in their yards.
The rural poor are receiving subsidies toward farming and agriculture.  Without it food would be far more expensive for everyone.  We're all supporting each other.  And yes, I realise some farmers are stupid wealthy because of it, but far more would have nothing at all without it.
Race to the bottom eh?  Private sector used to do pensions too, but I guess you supported them doing away with that as well.
Keep in mind, if you are renting your apartment you would most likely be violating the terms of your lease by renting out space in your apartment through AirBnB and would totally be grounds for eviction if the LL found out.  Not everyone cares about that risk, however, and do it anyway.
I feel like I'm the only one who enjoys strolling around navy pier on this sub.
It is.  It's one of the quietest and safest neighborhoods in the city.
I thought this was an interesting opinion piece and really drives home what we talk about here and the effect it has on the city, even if it wasn't the intent.  People coming here or staying here after college or whatnot, having kids and building stroller armies while trying to stick it out, only to succumb to the stresses of trying to build a family in a 3rd floor 1000 sq. ft. walk-up apartment.    In their wake they leave neighborhoods more expensive than they were, filled to the rim with suburban chain stores and overpriced developments that were built mainly to attract the very people that end up leaving anyway.  While they prefer to stay city dwellers forever, they can't manage the hassles and eventually revert back to the life they likely originally knew and grew up around in the burbs.
Totally agree.  There are parts of the city that work better for that than others certainly, but the burbs are clearly an easier time for a family of 4+ while maintaining some level of affordability.  It's just interesting to see the degree to which this occurs.  It's an anecdotal example, but when she said all five of her friends have left and she was the last one, it certainly is a trend and has a lasting effect on the area.  Maybe LP isn't the best example since it's always been pricey, but you've gotta wonder what is happening in other areas like Logan, Wicker, or even Pilsen.
Yea that was so infuriating.  How can he think for a second he would be an appropriate president of the US and think it's OK to insult the citizens of the US just because they don't share the same fucked up morals.
Considering how the turmoil in the ME is more or less connected with the west's actions in the ME in response to 9/11, how that connection between New York and 9/11 didn't cross his mind once even mid-sentence is telling of how terrible of a candidate he is.
Sounds like you want the feds to be able to override the rights of the states.
I'll ask a different question.  Do you think the EPA or even other federal agencies should have the ability to override the decisions of the states and their local governments?  Because currently the EPA does not have that authority (nor should they).
Yea how bullshit.  Admitting they aren't going to give him questions.  God I hate these debates.
That's a very emotional and irrational response.  Sounds like you wouldn't be interested in an actual discussion about how to handle this huge debt burden.  That's an issue of past decisions that we can't undo.
I don't think people *wanted* this for CPS.  Expected? Sure.
Beats the hell out of that shirtless runner that was all over the news from Chicago.    Let's make this guy famous!
I don't know...  &gt; He shoved his face into my chest and bit the side of my breast in a very playful, cutesy, aren't-I-being-funny way.  And  &gt; "I've had directors ask me out on dates and, when I've said no, they have punished me by taking away parts … some stopped talking to me completely. I've had my ass grabbed, I've been kissed against my will, I've received harassing text messages, and I've been sexualized on stage for 'the sake of comedy' too many times to count."  probably goes beyond being awkward, especially if it's an adult.  There's a reasonable expectation that they would be aware of those kinds of no-no's.  However, the term harassment *is* ripe for abuse.  "If it isn't wanted, it's harassment."  It's pretty easy for someone who is incredibly socially inept to say or do something unwanted but without the intent of causing discomfort.  I'm sure there's a lot of that, as you say, but I wouldn't write this person's experience off.
Right?  It even quoted Zillow, but I just went on there and not even a single unit is going for anywhere near that.
Well there are probably a few others too.  Don't forget other expenses go up independent of income, like say for example health care.  All the blame can't be placed on dual income households.
There aren't any controls or regs in place for fracking, and that is the issue.  Fracking itself is not an issue, and once we get safeguards in place it'll be a fine energy source.
Sweet!  More housing stock!
The only reason why things are recyclable is because there is a market for manufacturers willing to collect goods from the disposal company.  If the items are soiled then manufacturers won't want it so it'll just end up as trash anyway (and the disposal co. just wasted a bunch of time and money).   My guess is because they wash everything *before* sorting, and because water and oil/grease don't really mix it creates this weird film that gets all over everything.  They may not even sort at all, so if that happens then it makes sense that they would make a blanket statement and discard the whole bin.  The film really only affects paper products.  Glass, plastics and metals are pretty much unaffected.  If you don't sort properly though, the result is our asinine program where it all gets tossed.  I'm sure there are costs involved with sorting and nobody wants to spend money on that, but to me if you're going to have an effective program you need to design based on how it will actually be used, not how you intend for it to be used.   Edit: Chicago uses Single Stream Recycling.  [Here's an NPR piece about how imperfect it is.](http://www.npr.org/2015/03/31/396319000/with-single-stream-recycling-convenience-comes-at-a-cost)
Keep in mind they are very good at taking pictures that make units look way bigger than they are.
Especially since he has the nerve of being governor for only the last 2 years.  Yea, fuck that guy.
Yup this is pretty much it.  There is no logical reason to spend this much money on rent.  Developers and management cos charge that because they pretty much have to, but also because they can.  People see "new" and "luxury" and think they need to have it and the price is reasonable but it really isn't.  Just because all the appliances are stainless steel doesn't mean it's worth an extra $1000/mo. compared to similar places with older appliances.    The extra $1000/mo just paid off all of those appliances over the first year.  They keep your beer just as cold as my old ass fridge, and I don't pay a premium for it.  That level of logic is completely skirted among these people.
Between bees and falcons I've concluded that you live at the zoo.
You can get really nice and efficient patio doors for cheap.  I know Peachtree has an all fiberglass sliding door with a wood grain that looks super nice and is like $700 or something.  And you can paint it or stain it just the same by some sort of magic.
Too bad for him Tammy Duckworth called him out on his silence first before he spoke out.  He's already struggling and this seems reactive so I don't see this helping him very much.
Except he isn't reaching all of the voters.  His approach has caused quite a bit of divisiveness among people and really highlights the disconnect between so many in the same country.
So long as construction of additional rental units keeps up, it theoretically should.  People who are over paying for shitty units will have the option to move up for the same price to a nicer and newer place and free up the lower end places.  If people are really moving out, that effect should compound.  The only way I could see this not happening is if landlords start upgrading their units to compete with the higher end units, but it's not like smaller LLs all have enough dough to do that.  Here's hoping.
Considering how common this is for so many in your position (mid-twenties, new job), there is nothing special about this.  Don't let the door hit ya!
The idiots in this sub who believe this are the most idealistic nitwits in existence.
