I pledge allegiance to the House sound. I'm going with Carl Cox.
ITT: downvote anyone who's okay with short preview ads.   Pathetic.
I wouldn't doubt it. Haha
That's great. He's got my vote.
Why? That's how things work. If you want it, you have to pay for it.
JUST DO IT! WHATRYOUWAITINGFOR?!
Ok. You continue to be naive. No sweat off my back.
Are you 15? Because it shows.
WELL SAID! That thread from yesterday that you mentioned was shitty. Glad to see it called out.
That's pretty awesome. Happy anniversary. You couldn't pick a better place to celebrate!
Who knows. Everyone's got an opinion.
Adaptive Rotation Lock is one of the first apps I install on any Android phone. Great choice.
Does it grind your friend's gears? Because that's what matters most...
This guy sounds like a prick. Hopefully there's no need to remain friends with him after the Forest. Good luck to your friend!
I'm saying screw it and having a blast wherever I end up. Conflicts be damned.
Eh, I may be in the minority, but most repeat posts don't bother me. Personally, I think the "friendly reminders" irk me more than anything.
Grape, menthol, atmosphere and I can't remember the rest. Excited to try them all though!
Aren't you special.
I'm expecting no service whatsoever and that's okay.
I've seen Future Islands twice but never in a festival setting. I hate having to decide between the two.
I don't think anyone can definitively answer that. Life's a risk, carnal.
Definitely not condoning fireworks; you'd have to be an idiot to bring fireworks to the Forest. Someone will inevitably do it.
Thank you. A voice of reason.
Don't lie.
Me three. It was an amazing experience and worth every dollar.
I mean, he was okay. Pretty much what I expected.
Probably not, but thanks. I don't care what festival you go to, you're never going to get away from bros. To say the whole festival was full of bros is bs. It's far from the truth.
Ok, guy. Whatever you say. If it means not seeing you in the forest, then I'm cool with it.
Who put the sand in your vagina?
Then we're good. Later, guy.
Not bad at all, but you've already said you made up your mind. Do you want us to change your mind? This wasn't a hippie love-fest. Sorry if that's what you were looking for. I know and understand that I sound like a prick right now, but I had an excellent time. There are people on here complaining about their shitty time like it was all the Forest's fault. There's bad seeds everywhere you go. People shouldn't act like this is some big surprise.
Sorry. I came off negative and didn't mean to. Balls were definitely dropped and I think and hope that they will get their shit together for next year. There's no way that people who didn't have wristbands should be able to camp there and as a result force paying customers to camp in overflow. It's unacceptable.
Absolutely. Go for it!
All good. To each his own. I guess the way I see it, the details laid out in the second paragraph of your comment are exactly the reasons why I wouldn't want to bring my kids to the Forest. I know my group did its part and more to keep the Forest clean, so no worries there, either.   Here's hoping for a happier Forest in 2016!
You're so smart, bro.
Because "Broad City" is good?
But muh guns!
This guy knows what's up.
You're absolutely right, but it's fun to think about.
Oh, get off your high horse. No one cares.
Yes, and plenty of people don't. What do you expect to accomplish by going on and on about how it's illegal, and how we "should support the developers." OP made it clear they don't give a shit, so why should you? What do you get out of it, besides acting all high and mighty and superior to the rest of the world?
By all means, but you must understand that you come off as extremely condescending. If it works for you, then keep at it. Just realize you're not making a difference in the grand scheme of things.
You're doing God's work, son.
Why be sorry? Shit happens. You move on.
This whole fucking thread is cancer defined.
You keep saying it's disgusting, but I don't see why...
Obligatory "you must be fun at parties" comment.
You literally have no idea how this will affect The Onion, but please, do tell!
I love Fallouts 3 and 4, but I did not enjoy Fallout New Vegas. You are not alone.   I absolutely loved KOTOR though. You're on your own with that one.   Edit: spelling
Nice try, Hillary.
