I agree with you there, some people think they are the same. That is the main issue with our relationships these days. Selfish is asking someone to do everything for you and doing nothing in return. Taking care of yourself and your partner is being equal.
If you were alone for more than half the year, youre independent
if you say it in a terrible way yeah, but would you rather they not say anything at all and just be around them all the time?
you should still tell your gf that...
Transfer. Money is not everything.
It's just a thought since I can't think of a situation where this has ever happened.   In the meantime, would the current president continue to be president until something happened or would they have to hurry? I have no idea and was wondering.
Probably not. You need to get in good standing.
Be VERY careful letting your dog out without a leash. Always be out there with them.
He's acting as if "let" meaning that they're deciding for him...
of course education is important, but if you're not happy then you can transfer and get a good education somewhere else too...
Is it affecting anything with the children?  It's completely normal for her to want time away from the house and craziness of children.  Maybe just bring it up as seeing if she can work during the week when you do? I don't know if that's possible though.
Does your husband think this is serious? Because a life partner should be helping you through something this serious.   This is a serious issue because suicide thoughts should always be taken seriously. This could end tragically for you, your husband and especially that young kid.
Good to hear.   Truthfully, take care of yourself, and that kid. It'd be awful for you to pass too soon when you can work through it.
I don't think so. Depends on the dog though. I just saw the no swimming part so maybe not since they love that.
Labs are great with a lot of people in general, so unless people have bad experiences I normally recommend them. Most love to swim.
It is normal if you don't let yourself do anything.   Take breaks in between studying. Not long, but maybe an hour in between two giant chunks to do something with other people. Your health is important too. If you're having all those issues with snapping it probably says you're pushing yourself too hard.
Spend every last second you can with this dog. He'll remember the love you gave him throughout his life. Dogs don't like when they can't walk anymore and if he's too old it's still understandable for him to be put to sleep when it gets too bad.
She probably will and is just attached to you and was afraid when she couldnt find you.
You seem to have a good list of pros and cons there. Personally saving money and being with family should be best if you can especially if you do better there. The more you like a college the better you tend tk do.
Since your problem seems to be studying, learn how you study the best.   Study flashcards for key words. Write up your own study guides, I know a lot of people who did that in Biology and they got straight B+'s I believe.   Major?
You shouldn't just do what is required to get into college. Make college easier by getting used to studying, it can be rough.
2.6 isn't accepted everywhere, but some look at really good essays for consideration and such. Some even just require a 2.5 so you might be able to get something. Always try friend. Good luck.
It makes sense to me since less do it in the summer so it means you have less competition...
go to community college and get your gen eds out of the way so you can take gen eds to see what else you're interested in to find a major...
It definitely can. I don't think it's the best option to save money in this case.
Why didn't you teach your dog not to bark so much that it was necessary or move away?
A.S. doesn't show as much and doesn't give you enough to get good jobs though. Yes CC is cheaper, but it also isn't viewed as well by a lot of employers
It would make more sense to get an A.S. in something then transfer out and get a B.S. in engineering, whether the same or different is irrelevant. Engineering isn't seen as 3 separate degrees but three specialties. 3 A.S.'s isn't going to get you as far in acompetitive environment like that. You need to have as much qualification as you can.
I don't know you, but therapy and seeing a psychologist do not make you a bad person. Anxiety and depression don't just disappear on their own.
Don't let life get in the way of class. This is the order of priorities. 1. Your health. Mental and physical. 2. Family and friends health 3. College 4. Future plans/life at the very bottom - parties/drinking
Work your ass off your senior year, colleges of any kind love improvement. A portfolio, especially if you go somewhere it's optional, I think should greatly help you.
Passion and hobby are not the same thing. Hobby is something you do in free time, a passion is something you put work towards. You can do things with those degrees, they can enhance other degrees if you get them alongside other things. They are not worthless...
Happiness isn't a location or a specific place. It's having that feeling with the life you have. Whether that be the people you surround yourself with or your career, maybe both.
Friend, if someone cares to be with you for that amount of time, they are not just better off without you. She would want to help you. Have you two ever talked to each other about this depression? You can get help. I've seen it.
Believe me, if she cares enough to do that, it would hurt her more to lose you. When someone a person cares about kills themselves, it affects them forever.
He should have fun, but you can and still get good grades.
Is there a financial reason to go to this other university or is the one you're at good with that program? You're far in and shouldn't have to re-take classes that you already did.
Can use it for anything. I recommend saving all of it up that you dont need for food and such to get a nice place after college
I agree that the parents should care but they shouldn't say a B is a bad grade and a student didn't study because they got a B.
You have to excercise those breeds more.
Huskies are for active people generally. Different breeds for diffetent people.
It's a terrible thing to do but nothing will happen.
Having time off I'd say is the best way to go
I think it's ridiculous to leave a class because you had something scheduled since it shows that's more important than a class. Just saying.
This is because when you're interested in someone, you're automatically getting afraid that you aren't good enough. I think it's a ridiculous notion that someone's "out of your league". If you're interested in someone, talk to them.
Go to the college you will get the best GPA in if you're planning on grad school.
maybe get a kitten that's not 8 weeks old but maybe 5 or 6 months instead? so that they aren't so small and it might be easier?
It's best for the dog to stay home. This is because Akitas NEED more attention than a smaller dog/calmer breed. They can be destructive dogs...
You should introduce them on neutral ground without all those other dogs around that might cause more anxiety or something.
the environment can definitely change that...dogs can have a "two week meltdown" and if someone isn't there to help him adjust it could make the dog destructive...
