I don't think on this meta ezreal is that easy to play. I always hear how bad people think about the champ because they get a lot of shotty ezreals in their games. Maybe he has a sorta higher skillcap than regular auto arrack champions. But someone with more in depth knowledge would have a better informed opinion
dude those death sounds are a little too "chokey" for me. the other lines sound pretty naice tho. maybe the "ugliness" of death is contrasted with his supposed "beauty" of death that he sees.  also im bs'ing. will def get this champ nj
holy fuck this joke/pic has been overdone and it's still getting upvotes...the madness reddit
wow stop being so inconsiderate you fuckin jerk. this kid has cancer and all you ccare about is upholding your precious reddit policies. boo hoo look at me complain wah.  also this (/s)
Yes, i agree. People who would spam this shit regularly do not take offense and would otherwise enjoy justifying their "opinions". It is unfortunate that they exhibit these opinions in the form of mindless spam and memes though
it doesn't matter if she can read hundreds of these comments and not take offense. the problem comes from people saying them and putting them out there in the first place.
that is so fucking rad.
if you are saying they are discussing a blade show with wesley snipes that has not been confirmed anywhere.
Yes until we get a tweet from official netflix accounts/marvel (like JJ) or from the marvel website, just rumors
If marvel were to pull any shit like that I would actually lose a huge admiration for Feige for not having the balls to coordinate Studios with TV better. I will also just lose faith in general
this seriously reminded me more of batman than anything else. just shorter ears and different eyes
I think the OP basically has the same idea about accordance with consistency.
We just care about the law. That's it
He doesn't seem like a like able character
He is not saying anything offensive or derogatory
Like BW's ass
And you are banned mister. No defaming. The glorious leader trump. Well overlook your comments and justify them. Get fucked cuck
I'm sorry. The corruption is just too obvious and widespread. You may not be an actual shill, but thanks to hill actions, we just can't confide anymore
An emphasis in boosting self-esteem va what I believe people should be focused on, self-compassion
Ponto? I think that was his name
What about you wasting your time on Reddit? Yeah, look at this guy over here, judging how people waste their time
Pretty disturbing to me for some reason
You are def allowed to if you aren't vulgar about it. Thy don't have to popular. But, IMO, I don't think downvotes represent the truthfulness of any claim anyways
Keep downvoting Donald cucks, won't change the truth
CHOO CHOO all aboard the salty drumpf train
Bernie won't be able to push his progressive ideals forward as easily under trump presidency
Jesus the complaint of "well no one complained when Bernie posts xD". Obviously, there was backlash and annoyance and even subs were made, users would express rage in the posts themselves. This excuse has been used to death
I don't think it is over critical. Yay discussion
I sure hope it doesn't it would be a mess to introduce
Would your rely be similar to someone who says "be yourself" when meeting new people? Who you actually "are" may not be something good
Surely that sounds exaggerated. I'm not informed on that discussion sadly
Gif making is serious business
I will never bot upvoting this  Edit: yo tambien gracias
Lame.
I mean not all people are great people. Sorry being pedantic
Way to make an ignoramus statement
lol I love seeing people pissed off especially when they want to lecture people and teach them on the comment section of yahoo of all places
Spend less on candles
I cannot believe it
Because something is popular doesn't meant it's good mkay
it's cool but obviously useless. not gonna kill myself for being unable lol
It is LItuhrally the funniest post I have ever seen
It's difficult to imagine most cows being treated well especially if you consider certain conditions as being abject
yep. me irl has more innovative content usually. people who uptvote the stuff are the real bastards, but usually when we let go of a shitty meme and really shine, we get some fucking awesome stuff.
yeah sorry, I should catch myself more when I make some blanket-ish statements. definitely there are anti authority individuals on the left. obviously we wouldn't group them with the large infiltration of the t_d sub but your point is valid
Fucking supernatural went to shit after season 5 in writing but it's at 12 seasons now. I'm sure that applies to other shows so your point is invalid
We should drain Jupiter . No more electric cars!
It's kinda is tho :)
I am not kidding this is a serious violation and breach of the meme replication act article 7
we are thinking about the basic value of life. just because children cant contribute significantly or people in comas or people in vegatative states can't amount to anything that doesn't mean we don't respect them.  in my opinion, I do place an equal amount of value on animal life as I do on humans. now, if I had to, I would definitely save a person over an animal, but obviously when the circumstance demands it. I just deal with reality that way
