&gt; The too expensive excuse always baffles me considering so many Americans get their meals from eating out. It would be considerably cheaper to cook very healthy meals at home.   Oh god, don't bait reddit into this discussion.  If you think this thread is full of excuses...
Don't sweat it.  I'd seriously up the calories a bit and just stick to it for a month.  See how that goes.
The Benjamin Button trailer with Arcade Fire's "My Body is a Cage".  Saw it in the theater and thought holy shit I need to see that.  It wasn't that great.
You wouldn't want to live in Minnesota then.
It's really not that fucking hard.  Certainly not hard enough that I couldn't hold a job while doing it.
He's right though.
These people seems to think a job takes up 100% of your time and if you have a year off you'd spend ever spare second snuggling with your new baby.    edit: I guess the downvoters really believe this is what parenting is like.
Why the hell would that worry you?  It's how markets work.
No one's forcing us to eat it in excess either.
This is why some people are poor.
For one person?  Don't see the problem.
Who gives a shit?  It sounds like it was a fantasy of hers and the money was just icing on the cake.
I doubt many of them are buying 20k Corollas.
Crock pot, man.  Crock pot everything.
There are shit loads of jobs with emotional and mental exhaustion.  Do you really think teachers are the only ones who deal with that?    And yes, not everyone is cut out to be a teacher, much like not everyone is cut out to be a cop or ditch digger or doctor or retail clerk.    Seriously, get over yourselves.
Again, reddit with this weird idea that any car that's a few years old is going to explode at any moment.  Take decent care of them and they'll treat you just fine.  Plus, it's not like new cars never break down.
I will never understand why guys do this.  It always makes you look like you have a weak jaw and a double chin.
Because perpetual outrage is more important than actually being free to go.
I wouldn't expect him to even know what the hell that was.  I'm not sure what the guy was trying to prove by pointing it out.  It's not like an FBI badge or something.
But it achieves the opposite.  You just end up defining your jaw line half way up your face and looking like you've got a double chin.  It's a really weird look.
Well, it's Jeter, so of course it's overrated.
I think a lot of gun loving folks hate these clowns too.  It gives all of them a bad name.  Like you said, I don't know the guy walking around with a fucking assault rifle and I have no idea what his intentions are.  I think these open carry groups do this shit to try to make it more common so people don't freak out when they see someone with one.  Because wouldn't we all feel so much safer if everyone was wandering around with guns strapped to their backs like it's the wild fucking west again.
Well, he tried getting the kid to comply, which the kid didn't.  He tried tasering him, that didn't work.  Now the kid's on top of him punching him in the head.  What exactly do you expect him to do?
it's not slut shaming, it's shaming the bitch who went around preaching abstinence only and making big money doing it
Who the hell cares about passing on your genes?  Does anyone have a kid for that reason?  That's the dumbest shit I've ever heard.
That he likes to fuck younger women?  Jesus, the dude is only 38.
And convincing Christian conservatives that they're being persecuted is the political equivalent of shooting fish in a barrel.
I'm loving this dude's campaign already.  Between him and Trump this should be a fun ride.
What, being a hard worker isn't a good enough defense?
Tell them God gave you a bad heart and science fixed it.
It's just a stupid quote.
A parade of lifted trucks flying confederate flags.  This is exactly how I envision the south to be.
I'm sure many of them change for political reasons.  But it's hard to know for sure when that's the case.
Oh god, imagine the state of OP's righteous indignation now....
Oh Lawd, go fix yourself a mint julep and calm your tits.
I think they look stupid, unless you're actually going offroading or something.  But do what you want, it's your car.
You're absolutely right that he's following the law.  But it's the classic case of "you're not wrong, you're just an asshole".  We have the right to do a lot of things, but most of us control ourselves so as to not make everyone else's life miserable.
And if they didn't lose to a backup QB at home they'd be in too. But they did, so they were out.
I thought the same thing. They had kind of regrouped from that quick 14-0 start and were driving down the field. I thought maybe they had weathered the storm. Then the pick six and that was ballgame.
Wasn't a fan of his before this season and I'm still not. Sounds dumb to say after the season they've had, but I just don't like his style and getting destroyed in bowls is getting old.
&gt; MSU was superior that game and they deserved the win.  Exactly. Which is why all the whining about the Mich-Mich St punt thing is so stupid. You guys actually played Mich St. And lost to Mich St.
I've been saying the same thing even back when Nascar was surging in popularity. The races are too damn boring. People can sit here and say "well, look how many people sit down for 3-4 hours and watch football". Yeah, but Nascar races are the equivalent of a football game where both teams just hand off and pound 2 yard runs into the line for 58 minutes and then let it fly in the last 2. Nascar is the kind of sport that you really need to be into to be able to sit through a race and appreciate the intricacies. Most people just aren't going to sit down and watch 3.5 hours of lap-logging for 10 minutes of late race excitement.  It's a format problem and Nascar can tweak things around the edges, but as long as races are as long as they are this is going to remain a struggling sport. The answer to their problem is staring them in the face with the Eldora truck race format, but I won't be holding my breath.
The guy was pretty obviously talking about Islamic terrorists. He was following the previous two comments that also didn't specifically say "Islamic terrorists" so let's not pretend he was talking about all muslims, ok? I know it's very hard to not make everything racist, but maybe try just this once.
Honestly, ANY allowance at 30 is excessive.
It's an ideology, not a race. Why can't people understand this.
Yeah, sanity. Like conflating race and ideology.
I think most people get they're doing it for safety, the problem is that they're having to do that because one group of morons will kill them for displaying a cartoon.
Because Hillary and the mainstream media won't let them, dummy!
I feel like this is the reality behind most child's drawings. No deep meaning, just a screw up.
If three steps and a knee down isn't a catch, then I give up.
