Don't get me wrong, last night's episode blew my tits off.  It will have no problem maintaining a high score, but the first ratings are usually more emotional and we see these types of posts for most episodes of most shows
Well Jamie kind of has an excuse
Now THIS is a guy who knows how to sell real estate!
Reddit destroyed their habitat and this is the result
Amash's hometown?  Does he need to be preaching to the choir?
I'm aware of the friction with Rand, but what issues with Amash are there?
Burns too cool to melt airplane engines.  Burns too hot to light up your joint.  Burns just right to melt steel beams...
Pain is generally an indication of injury and ignoring it is likely to set you back further than 1 incomplete workout  The crossfit logo is the cherry on top
Most phones screens are made to be hard enough to resist scratches from keys in your pocket.  Internet advice is snake oil at best.  Anything that could affect the screen enough to 'fix it' will just make it worse
Most QNAPs advertise power usage between 30-50 Watts while running
Financing his own campaign doesn't make him anti establishment
They just write it off
I never thought of it like that before
That article is so sad.  Like their reality depends on proving the existence of unicorns and they try so hard
TruTV has been getting some really good shows these last few years
&gt; fat is the worst thing you can be   Pedophile nazi?
It's generally not a big deal unless you get electrocuted the *wrong* way
If you come running every time they cry they'll just do it for attention.  He's got the right idea
I think it is also a manifestation of the two extremes of establishment vs. antiestablishment
&gt; He might be a woman who pretends to be a man to escape misoginy.   I don't think misogyny is as prevalent as you think it is.  Also, women aren't that good with computers
Community colleges cost less than a fraction of 140k and there are still many employers and fields of work that will take you.  With licensing or certification you can put yourself ahead
Some factors can be dealbreakers.  You could meet prince charming with $30B but find out he has been violent toward past girlfriends.  Not sure what your last sentence means, but I think a partner's financial situation is a perfectly valid attribute to desire
I did see that and I find no fault with it.  Everyone has to seek what makes them happy and determine what that is for themselves
I'm in full agreement with this
&gt; What if this is the only behavior that allows someone to be elected  Then I suppose my candidate will never win, but I'll still sleep great at night.  I still want to support the idea of integrity in politics   I'm still forming an opinion on donation amounts, but I'm currently leaning toward a cap being the way to go.  The argument for unilmited money in politics is freedom of speech, but wealth inequality means speech inequality, which is not good in politics
Why would you hope for higher taxes?
Has Bernie discussed simplifying the tax code at all?
Pushing legislation through a fucked up congress is one thing, but the President has other functions like Judicial appointments, vetos, control of the military, international relations, and executive actions.   Would you prefer an establishment candidate for their ability to efficiently and successfully propose shitty legislation like TPP, SOPA, the Patriot Act?
I'm surprised we'd even hear about this.  It's great blackmail for the FBI
Glad these are back.  They DMCA'd the originals
Why slip in the fart joke and empty video at the end of an otherwise excellent video?
There was a plot hole in the episode where Richard didn't break up with her at dinner when he found out she was a lowly space indenting hussy
Any true member of tab indention master race knows you can't associate with spacers.  Honestly it would have been safer if he even called off the dinner when his friends told him what she was
There's plenty of blame to go around with TV, browsers storing password insecurely, and the hackers themselves, but that doesn't absolve the user.  Applications offer convenience over security because the user can accept the risk and responsibility for that tradeoff.  There is a basic responsibility in understanding the technology you use.    If someone handed you a 5 page legal document and offered to help you manage your finances, would it be your fault if you signed it without reading?
So NoScript *fixes* a site for once!
Well you have to consider historical context
It could be your router isn't powerful enough to encrypt/decrypt any faster
&gt; WARNING, THERE IS A FOUL WORD IN THIS VIDEO. COVER YOUR EARS.  fuck people who care about curse words
This is what I miss most about colbert.  He did great segments showing how fucked up campaign finance systems worked, but doesn't do anything like that on the new show
Well most people in a fire are already warm
If they were about equality, they wouldn't call themselves feminists
It always warms my heart and calciums my bones to see one of our nation's youth thank mr skeltal
Don't let your steel beams be memes!
This one is remote controlled.  I got downvoted to -20 for pointing that out last time, but there's no way he could have turned right with just his left paw on top of the left side of the wheel
Or maybe national anthems are creepy to have in the first place
This is why you always kill the medic first
Shit, hopefully she's on Windows 7+.  Vista had awful issues waking from sleep mode
except for those nimrods in congress
She pretzeled when she should have known her limits
The cinematography reminds me of how they film the show, with the subject extremely off centered
