i feel like tos brings back old mmo genre feels making players more social like they were back in maplestory, ro,etc
MMorpg is the next big thing
i hear ingame under 70 is minimum for kfm..
i heard this was not accurate at all?
nah u just cant aim/time it right.. bns introduce me to this new action pvp feel.. just gotta get use to it.  its not ur typical tab targgetting locked type, it requires you to move your mouse more often
nah u just suck
am i the only guy who doesnt give a shit about the drop of graphic quality?  this game is the game ive been wanting as a fps/mmorpg type player..  hyppeee
cuz their bunch of fat greedy cash grab company.
play a class that requires skills?
ur soo cool
4 classes and still unbalance lmao.. also having to only zerg vs zerg sucks, looking for 1v1 is a pain..
not sure if ur just a white knight or blind...  assassin is pretty fcking simple class, stealth &gt; dmg &gt; re-stealth &gt; apply bleeds &gt; stealth &gt; win.
is this a bad batch then? or its just a very old juice..   i feel shit after awhile of vaping this ( after a few puffs )
make ur own damn build!? lol, if u have tried "all" and still need other builds for you to play, is sad..
just out of curiosity are you a mageblade? whats your generally thought on  pvp as a mageblade? (do you find yourself lacking in certain areas, thats critical for NB, but makes up for something thats worth it?) Would u say their a threat in pvp?
Dont get imperial, imo its not worth it.. but you do get the race, mount, pet.. and other small bonuses https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=So0PD_BfXLk
tbh, i prefer they put up new pvp content rather than another new quest expansion.. us pvp'ers are dying for anything new...
Ecigs death - 0  Cigarretes - ∞
Typical ill just tell them to stop and defend, if were behind so that we can farm.  If its middle ground, no one is on advantage, ill just help.. as gold can be earn when you fight..
Just go and buy ESO, reminds me much of GOT
why not ask in zone chat for group? then join as random dungeon? or u cant in vet levels?
just a curiousty, whats your goal as a developer? also are you focus on parts for PvP contents, or more so polishing the game/ pve content
you dont really use controllers for World of warcraft-type games.. theres atleast more than 12+ skills to use.. also its more efficient.   But if you do plan on using controllers, i suggest games that support and is playable  using a controller like The elder scrolls online. Or Tera   but these games are high end graphics, and im not sure if your pc can handle it..
People tend to go the meta weapons cuz its faster, what i learn from this game is, do as you pleased!  anything works
do any of you guys have some footage of massive zergs battle? i wana show my friend how amazing this game is  from 1 clip.. but all i see in youtube is how  much they criticize the lag in pvp lol
this is the reason why i quit gw2.  although it doesn't bother me much, as im more of pvper and will most likely get all 4 classes to 50 before this stupid content hits.
this is whats wrong with companys, they cater to casuals/new players, and not the community of the game who loves the game.
Games been getting aloooot of DLC in the past year... and their still putting new ones later this year.. can't ask for a better company and a game.. cough archeage cough
If your looking for that old mmorpg feel. ESO does it right!  weapons,gears are so uselful in early levels, and mobs hard.  it doesnt take 1 skill to kill, but actually have to dodge,stun,interupt, block.   Leveling is slow but entertaining, theres 2 options.. you grind to max or you quest,dungeon,craft,explore,pick-lock chests, rob npc in towns, tresspass into some random npc house and steal their loots.   Cons - guards are godlike in this game.. you can outrun them, but you can't hide.  Pros - never seen such a great community, always wanting to help people. They don't ask anything in return!
i feel as your also vaping the electric tubing lol.. if i were you, i'll just use the tank as a dripper!
is stam sorc, one of them "heavy reliant" class on cp?  class looks a ton of fun, but i feel like with 0 cp, ill be useless af.
nope, all  isee are praises of how much the game improved, and how well they have implemented a yearly dlc content, sooo much new releases! were even getting "housing system" this fall/august :D
no such thing as better, beside that pc gets early updates, addons, better graphics,keyboard n mouse  for efficiency...  consoles? i feel as pvp community is more alive but then again i have yet to get max lvl in pc.
stamsorc &gt; magicka sorc
ESO is far more graphically pleasing when it comes to sieging.   what i dislike bout gw2 wvw, is basically everyone huddle in 1 small circle, rushing doors,keeps.. which gets dull real fast.  also for eso we get more siege weapons to use, like pouring boiling hot oil down the staircase.  Gw2 seems like a childgame compare to eso.. eso gets more contents yearly. every quarter we get new content, and this august/fall were getting housing system!  eso "wvw" requires more tactics, and communication than, "ok lets all bunch up, rogue stealth us.. ok gogogogoo"  if u want long term play, and know theres a bright future, eso is your choice!
lol ur shit is all b.s  i hope no one takes ur comment serious, ESO has a bright future
Yea that sucks, but others love it. I dont mind it at all since you scale high levels, not down.. gw2 scales your level down.
Agreed.  but its not to the point where the game is unplayable, nor becomes a distraction that takes away enjoyment. Still, they need to fix these bugs, that was found 2years ago
ezy dripper save lifes
1- AA 2- WoW 3- Tera 4- ESO 5-AION/GW2  no hesitations.
they need to focus on redoing their mathematics on tanks. How does a tank become unkillable with godlike damage?
its the role, thats what assassins do. and thats why lb is so squishy.
u should try to take on trion company, and ask them about p2w :)
tbh, they keep ignoring us pvp community. while you pve folks get everything u want every dlc lol
wow your full of shit.
dont u think lv 10 is a bit to low for grinding in sewers?
from what i can tell, its Tera without those lolis pedophiles.
if ur in range, ofc the skill is gna work, how is this an exploit?
u must be new to mmorpg lol.   why cant u? its a skill that interacts with players, it doesnt matter...
dont waste ur time on it, unless u really like the game
