Thanks Zuffa spokesperson for the smear campaign.   P.S. Love you guys' work against Fedor!
Question: do you know what "journalism" mean? Becuase what Helwani does is not journalism. At best, he's a paid Zuffa employee.
Sorry, this is lame. You were upvoted though, this means you're a first-rate comedian.
You mean 3 smaller, out-of-their-prime, aging legends? True.
Only if Vitor is waiting in the woods to fight him.
Nope. Nothing about him is impressive (except the amount of shit that comes out of his mouth).
Miesha and Holly Holm? Nice. It'd be stupid not to put multiple steamy love scenes between them. Paige will join too I hope.
Oh goodie, *another* mgreger thread. It's been a while since the last one was posted 15 minutes ago.  You kids are easy to whip into a frenzy by Zuffa's marketing department. If they hyped up Bob Sapp you'd worship  him like a god. Zuffa will make a shitton of money off impressionable kids like this.
mmajunkie is great, best one out there.
Dazzlingly pretty, damn.
How hard is his core? Damn that's impressive.
Miesha is awesome in more ways than one.
Informative. Great piece. Thanks for posting this.
Before clicking the link I thought you were joking, but after I clicked it I believe you.
It would turn mma into a circus; a laughable charade masquerading as a sport, where anyone who says the crazies, stupidest things to challenge the champion is guaranteed fame and riches. You'll see stupid stunts, outrageous statements (followed by many retractions and even disciplinary action from the side of the UFC), you'll see fighters taking time from their training to talk shit and become clowns like mgreger.  In short, things will get bad: childish, stupid and impossible to respect.
If you cry harder, maybe Joe will cheer for the ones you like.
Love this idea!
50/50 here. If it did happen, it might push MMA closer to boxing's style (too many belt and organizations). On the other hand, when it *does* happen (e.g. Overeem's achievements), it's quite a feather in one's cap.
Unlike Browne, a punch from Rothwell would smash Arlovski's consciousness.
Rothwell is awesome. He could be be the next big thing.
Unusual. Women here were more rational (the chick who said Werdum is more skilled) and men were emotional (guys rooting for Cain just because of his heritage).
Werdum by something crazy and unexpected.
If Werdum beat Cain standing (where Cain has the advantage over Werdum), you think Cain would've done better on the ground?  Edit for clarification: if Cain was supposedly much better than Werdum on the feet and yet Werdum dominated him, Werdum would've been even more dominant if the fight went to the ground. OP makes it sound like Cain's fatigue was the reason his takedown was ineffectual. No, even a fresh Cain would've been thoroughly dominated on the ground, like he was dominated on the feet where he was supposed to be better.
I like Rogan and I've always defended him, but that is obscene. Fedor is THE greatest HW fighter ever and it's no competition: Cain needs tons of more achievements before even approaching Fedor's legacy. I cringed when I heard Joe say that. Just disgraceful.
I love how he used 3 excuses: 1) it was a joke, 2) he was drunk, and 3) he didn't mean it. Should've added more, too, for good measure: 4) a thief stole the phone and sent some of those texts, and 5) someone hacked the thief and sent the others. Airtight stuff right there.
Never seen someone so proud to be as moronic as some middle age, knowledge-hating ignoramus.
Ugh, you make it sound like they did this just to give back to people, to "create jobs" and "get criminal off the streets" (eyes rolling on that last one). They didn't: it's just a coincidence that the way these people make money entails those things.   We've seen the way they treat their most important assets (the fighters), and it's clear the Zuffa corporation isn't the angel you're trying to portray. Even their most prized fighters (Jones, GSP, etc.) were stabbed in the back and insulted in public when they failed to be obedient puppies.   Oh and nice job with that "shut the fuck" up stuff. You're as good at persuasion as you are in basic knowledge.
Joe wouldn't dare say this shit if it was the UFC, even if it was faker than this one.  I'm sorry, but after Joe called Cain the best HW fighter of all time, I lost the remaining respect I had for him as an objective MMA commentator. His transition to a complete Zuffa representative is complete.
What a loss. This guy is a freak athlete and has  potential to be one of the best of all time. Sad to see him go. This will be one of the MMA what-ifs.
It's "completely different"? Don't exaggerate.
Good. I'm sick of Zuffa always having their way and crushing everyone in their path (fighters, promotions, competitors, etc.)  Fuck them. I hope they lose out on a lot of money.
Looks like fox sports is trying to be as shitty and unreliable as Fox "News".
&gt; That's pretty much a given fact.   Based on what? Someone accusing them? Or actual evidence? ISIS already struck at Saudi security *and* citizens twice and they've been trying to do it over and over.
In cases like this, you have to ask, "Who benefits the most?"  You should ask that question whenever there's something big with consequences especially, e.g. assassination, terrorism.  With ISIS, what's in it for the Saudis? It's absurd to think Saudis fund ISIS IMO because ISIS already embarrassed the government by murdering one of its security forces a few months ago, right at a security headquarters. They also blew up a mosque a few days ago. Both of those events are detrimental to the interests of the Saudis government: they gain nothing from them *and* are hurt by them. ISIS has been nothing but harm for them so far.  So again: who is benefiting the most from ISIS? Why would Saudi government fund them? Can you list some gains and benefits they've reaped?
2/10. At least you tried, Mr. Leno.
Damn she's so animated, impressive!
&gt; If I smoke enough crack can I qualify as a UFC judge?  Not enough, you have to be genetically, irreversibly retarded too.
He's right.   When Jon Jones first appeared as a great talent people hated him. Everyone called him fake and phony and tried to find the silliest of reasons to hate him.   Racism is a huge part of America, it's not even a question.
Sir, it's "I hope", not "hopefully".
Because I predicted that Browne would win and my opinion is quite influential.
He's seeking any kind of attention, even negative. These idiots should be ignored.
Man that last paragraph is amazing.
Whoa, you think Conor will walk through him?
No one here is trying too hard to look smart. It's just a discussion.
Ugh, he's ugly. And the tats make him uglier. Who made this shitty list?
No way he survives RDA.
Take it easy bro, Conor is successful and doesn't need you to defend him. It's ok for other fighters to take shots at him, no harm there, happens all the time.
Condit is always classy, but I'd be pissed if I were him, losing because of corrupt judging. He put **everything** on the line and greed won.
It would be great, but it's not happening. The main part of Ali's greatness wasn't his boxing, but his moral stands against oppression and tyranny. He stood for what's right even when it cost him his career or even his freedom.   Conor does not seem like the person who'd do this, he's extremely self-centered and worships himself and his  pleasures. Ali prided himself in being shown among the poor people of his neighborhood and never stopped working to improve the conditions of  oppressed African Americans, Conor displays his luxury cars regularly for the whole world and sends a signal that "money is all that matters" to his fans.   The two are not alike in any way.
Why is this here? I don't want to see hot talented girls  hurt like this.
