Did anyone else come here thinking that the redditor was an eight year old?
So now i have to be scared of spiders AND invisible fire??
I prefer potplayer.
I don't think you can call on mobile. The same way collect calls and 1-900's are generally blocked.
If you want non-free video codecs and proprietary drivers maybe. But in general Ubuntu is still more stable than Mint I would say. Even though both are extremely solid.
I find you get more imaginative answers with crazier situations. Don't give them an open question. Give them a choice and then have them explain it. Something like choosing between two super powers.
I disagree with this. It's like telling someone who wants to learn how to drive that they should use a race car.   Using an easy distro first will do absolutely nothing to get in the way if they want to use a more advanced distro later. Exactly the opposite in fact, as almost everything they learn on the easier distro will translate directly to a different one.
Yep, take this sentence: "Hey, I've never tried X before, but I hear it's really good, how should I try it out?"  Replace X with any hobby, sport, or piece of software you want. In probably every other context, recommending the most advanced, professional version, is not what people would do.
Isn't getting fucked kind of the end goal?
Or they could just put them on tops of buildings and not destroy  ecosystems by blocking all the sunlight.
It's not that they suck, it's that they are so good. When you have your first steam sale, you are buying like crazy. Super good deals on all these good games. By the time the second or third sale comes around, all that's left is the mediocre stuff you don't really want.
My guess is they changed the free trial keys.
Definitely not. This is one of my favorite old games though.
Yeah, that whole "connect to my contacts' wifi networks" is kind of scary.
Microsoft may release with unpopular features, but they wouldn't release with major bugs. I'm sure it will be much better by release
They should have a "not a review" button.
Not to mention unsolvable crimes are either not investigated or downgraded in severity in order to keep police statistics high
Dedicated servers yes, games no.
If the game ran the with the same performance and quality as windows, I wouldn't care if it was a wrapper.
The "YES" Tim's reply is very wrong. If the game is not multi core, it cannot be changed into multi core. You *can* (probably) reserve a single core, so it isn't shared by other software. But if the game was designed as single core, it will ALWAYS run on a single core.
Only Two spaces actually.
Sierra anything. If the title has "quest" in it, you've got a winner.
And every four years when the president changed, we would need to murder the aide anyway to make way for the new staff.
With no tiles pinned, my start menu looks like [this](http://i.imgur.com/3kdWIaQ.png). Not sure how anyone could argue that this is a better alternative to the windows 7 style. At LEAST let the app menu use some of that free space on the right. And let me open the app subfolders on mouseover instead of clicking.  I have a feeling that the start menu is going to be the new desktop, apps will all start coming with some sort of annoying live tile that they'll throw in there.  All this being said, I look forward to filling that space up with useful live tiles... I just haven't found many yet.
&gt; A few counties have already done this.  And soon people who live there will start complaining that legalizing gay marriage has ruined regular marriage.
This is one of the easiest to understand videos on this topic I've seen in a while.  Also, video at 60fps &lt;3.
It would have been better if Mao hadn't double crossed Chiang Kai-shek. Basically look at Taiwan. That's what China could have been.
If anything I'm sure you can put charcoal into it in the humid weather to soak up the moisture.
I would recommend syncthing over btsync. It has always worked much better for me.
Make sure your company knows that you're dong this, or else they may mail it to you in your home country before you get there.
Apparently the game gets some flak because it was made by a furry. I don't care who made it. Its a fun game.
My guess is that the bank isn't the one who called the police.
I think unless they end up in Tokyo, it is quite possible to support two people on a teaching salary. Although as others have said, the salary may not be high enough to get the dependant visa in the first place.
If you get a dependent visa, I think you'll have no problem finding eikaiwa work. Really the basic eikaiwa requirements are a valid work visa, native speaker, and a pulse.
If he's rural, maybe, but I assure you there are plenty of privates to be had in just about any decent sized city.
I'd just try to have a normal conversation. I don't think he'd give me any different answers than he'd give the press for any serious questions.
Isn't this what Abe has said he wanted to do for quite a while now? Also this has not actually been implemented, just saying that they "hope" to do it.
That's the big thing. They can give free child care, and parental leave, but when your chance of promotion is 99% based on time with your butt in the chair, you're not going to leave it if they tell you not to.
I don't think so. I think the purpose is just to get a fresh copy of the files instead of what was on your system originally. Don't take my word 100% on it though
The punishment is their name and what they said being posted on an obscure government website that no one will look at.  That will fix everything!
I'm not so sure about these statistics. They have a pretty low amount of subjects (250 idol fans, 86 model train fans.) I wonder if they got a much larger sample size how things would differ.
This is something I hate. Sure you can like this persons movies or music, but then all of a sudden we want to know who they are dating, what cereal they eat, and take all kinds of life and even medical advice from them.
OP is talking about ds roms, not 3ds roms. I believe this is still not possible.
I'm not saying it doesn't work, just that we should wait for a more official OK. No reason to be in a hurry to update.
No. I mean like Smealum and yellows8. I don't care if reinand seems to work. I want to know if there is something in the update that gives me reason to not upgrade.  Edit: [This](http://gbatemp.net/threads/update-10-4-and-homebrew-what-you-need-to-know.411150/) Is basically what I was waiting for. Sounds like the ironhax block doesn't allow nintendo to block other hax without another update, but they are making eshop spoofing more difficult if you're on 10.4+, so for now I'm sticking with 10.3.
I HATE this. We have a shared network drive for a reason. Constantly there are two or three different versions of any given file which more than one person needs a current version of.
My guess is that they didn't expect what they created to be in use so long. Also it was a standard that started back when memory sizes of computers were much smaller, so it was harder to justify using double the space to store time.
If you don't have a degree, there may be trouble getting a standard working visa, but if you meet the requirements, Canadians can get a working holiday.  You shouldn't really have problem finding a teaching gig, but as others have said, it's not the most profitable job in the world for the long term.   If your SO is worried about your future, one big thing you may point out to her is that you probably have a much better chance of being secure financially in Canada than you would in Japan. Unless you become proficient enough at Japanese for a regular job, you would be stuck in English teaching, which has a very small chance of career advancement or pay raises.
&gt; No-one actually gives a fuck if you have a uni degree or not to teach "this is a pen" to 4 year olds or bored housewives. If you get a visa that's all that really matters to a school owner.  This is most definitely true. A lot of the really high paying jobs DO care, but you would need much more experience before you could even look at them. I do all of the interviews and hiring for my company. We don't even ask about a diploma, only your visa status.
For some reason I got a vision of a dude walking around with a mirror attached to him all day
