It's animated text, I think that's why it won't display.  Open it in safari and you'll see what's going on.  Here's a permalink to that comment:  http://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/38z0w1/just_to_clear_the_air/crz1r39  I'm guessing it has to do with css which AB doesn't display.
It's almost on par with Danjuro plus an AoE SB. All in all, not too bad.
I have 15 and voted 5-15 and then realized I could've voted 15-30 also.  Probably could've been better to have 0-4, 5-14, 15-29, etc.  Just thought I should mention that although I doubt it will skew the results by too much.
You can definitely set up more than 12 filters.  Not sure why you aren't able to. I'd suggest re-launching the app.
&gt;I have come to the conclusion that the developer does not care about this and will never fix it  Or maybe it's not as easy to implement as one would think. Just take a look at how they had to implement ~~strikethrough text~~, very unconventional method.  If there was a way to at least display the caret, I think that would suffice.
Yeah.  Also, your account is shadowbanned. No idea why, just wanted to let you know.
Minus the peek and pop feature, you basically just described alien blue. (Which is a good thing IMO)
I've heard rumors that they might be offering a smaller screen-sized phone sometime soon. Of course, that could be wrong since it's only rumors.  That would be awesome though.
That's a good question, I've never really thought about that.  I would think so because they advertise it being played at that time and people could arrive late to the theater.
His flair says android. I thought android already had a search within subreddit feature. I know iOS doesn't but android should from what I've read.
Reddit released an official app almost two months ago. It's called reddit: the official app.  Why would you say to take the app offline? Besides the imgur uploading feature, the app works flawlessly for me.  And no, the mobile site doesn't even compare to the features and gestures of alien blue.
That's why you wait until you get the red candle before burning every bush. Same with the bombs, end game you should be able to carry 16 bombs iirc.
I think it was "the label maker". Newman was trying to cheat at Risk.
&gt;find it really irritating to have to go all the way to the parent comment to collapse the thread.  You can tap any comment in a thread and tap the 3 dot icon that pops up and select 'collapse thread'. No need to do it from the parent comment.  Or use that downward arrow icon in the bottom right to take you to the next top-level comment.  I agree though, the left swipe gesture to collapse threads is awesome.
&gt;It makes no sense.  It makes total sense if you look at it from reddit's perspective.  They own both alien blue and the official app. Since alien blue is no longer supported, they want users to transition to the new app.  There are still users that have no idea that development for alien blue has ended or that there's a new official app replacing this one.  That announcement is bringing this to the attention of users that have no idea about what's going on.  What makes no sense to me is why everyone is getting so worked up over a banner that can be easily dismissed with a tap of a button.
That isn't a feature right now.  I hope it gets added soon though as I don't like to have to sort every thread I read.
Those subs that you didn't subscribe to, they're referred to as the default subreddits and everyone is subscribed to them when they create an account.  I think there's about 40 or so defaults, just unsub from the ones that don't interest you and you'll be all good.
Uhm...  I would think it's similar to printing a video, just without the sound.
I think reddit only supports deleting received messages right now, not sent ones.  The app doesn't support this since development ended before this feature was added to the site. You'll have to use the desktop site to delete received PMs.
It's a bummer that the post flair doesn't show on the front page or /r/all. You can only see it once you've entered the post which kind of defeats the purpose of flair.  Works fine on individual subs though.
I could be mistaken but I think that sub was banned even before the idea of quarantining subreddits existed.  If that's true, then that could explain why they got the axe instead of just a quarantine.
I agree but I'd like to think that he's just playing a scripted character since it's basically a "reality show".  It's been a couple years since I've watched that show but yeah, I never really cared for the character he portrays.
That would count as a special character in my book. Might wanna try changing your password to not include that character and try logging in.
Hopefully Apollo will be releasing soon then. Baconreader also said they're planning on adding mod tools very soon.
This happens with every app, both desktop and mobile sites, and the browser extension Reddit Enhancement Suite. Having a load more or refresh button wouldn't work because you'd still have to start back at page 1.   &gt;a prompt to scroll up to the top and refresh for new content.  I like this idea, this could clear up some confusion.
I haven't heard anything, hopefully soon though.
Reminds me of Costa Del Sol from Final Fantasy 7  https://youtu.be/F3U5vcbdSN4
I think it looks good.  The hard part is getting users to actually read it before posting.
I think if it helps even one person, I'd say it's worth the effort.  At the end of the day, at least you can say you tried.  Keep up the great work!
Woah check that out, thanks for that.  Kinda strange the share icon's options are different depending on how you access the gif. (tapping the thumbnail vs entering the post then making it full screen)
There used to be an arrow next to each comment when the app first launched, not sure why they removed it though.
&gt; Even if there are people who wanted a change, that still doesn't change the fact that it's less convenient.  That's not a fact, it's your opinion.  &gt; And even for the people who wanted a change, that doesn't mean they did a good job changing it.  Never said it was and I'm not sure why you even brought that up.  &gt; And that's the problem I'm talking about. You're going off the assumption that people don't make posts often, and don't get replies often.  I'm not sure why you'd think I'm assuming anything. I'm not really sure what the point of what you're saying here even is.  &gt; Actually, the site does a good job at distinguishing the notifications in a way that's easy on the eyes.  Each item in your inbox has an icon to the left of it to distinguish what type of item it is, quite similar to how the desktop does except desktop uses the words instead of icons.  I get it, you don't like the new inbox. Some do and others do not.  My initial comment was mainly in reply to your post saying they're 'fixing things that aren't broken'. I was pointing out that many users felt that the inbox needed fixing and the devs attempted to fix it.
How is it not? You might want to re-read what I said because I laid it out pretty clearly.
I like to stick to compact view as well.  More gestures would be a welcome addition.
Having reddit gold removes the ads in the official app.
The app only displays 10 comments deep in a chain. Hopefully they fix that soon.
Hopefully the devs will address this in a future update. Even if it's just a line of text in the notifications tab stating that the settings only affect the account that's currently logged in.
I believe this is a bug in the official android app. Hopefully it will be addressed soon.  /r/redditmobile is the subreddit for the official app.
Did you even read my comment? I said you can disable the pop up message saying to download the app.
There are so many things, here's a couple that stood out.  * Ability to report users from the inbox  * Ability to adjust what sort of push notifications you receive  * Ability to sort inbox for specific items  * Auto night mode  * Quickly switch between accounts with the long press gesture on the profile icon  * Create a new account within the app itself  * Shortcut for self posts and comments for easy hyperlinking  I'm sure there are others, just can't think of any right now.   Side note, that list is getting fucking huge, and will only grow as more updates are rolled out. Can't wait to see some of the features that are currently in beta added to the list.
&gt; Let's not pretend the concentration of mods and control of Reddit is anything like it was 5 years ago.  I find this response to be very ironic considering you posted to this very subreddit 5 years ago proposing more transparency from the mods.  https://www.reddit.com/r/ideasfortheadmins/comments/qfd47/a_site_wide_feature_for_all_subreddits_that_shows/
&gt; (on 2.9.1 by the way)  Shit, I need to update my app, thanks.  At least you were able to narrow it down to those specific links. I agree that it should get fixed, along with all the other bugs the android app has.
Ooh, good point. I completely overlooked that part of the question.
Civility is something we try to maintain here, at least to a certain degree.  https://www.reddit.com/r/redditmobile/about/sidebar  Please review our subreddit's guidelines and try to adhere to them.
Sure thing, bud.   The OP already admitted that he has had more than one account in the app.  I'd be willing to bet if he disabled the setting on those other accounts, he'd stop getting the notifications. Yes, I did read that he has since reinstalled the app, which should have removed all the account information. Maybe the app can store that data even through a fresh install.  But you're right and you've got it all figured out.  Don't bother replying to me because I won't be responding.  Edit: I'll edit this comment with my reply to /u/poorlyplanned since the official app can only display 10 comments deep.  &gt; I just deleted and reinstalled an app called Readder for Reddit and I was already logged in. So yeah, that's what I'm saying.   Edit²:  &gt;Check out this post: https://www.reddit.com/r/redditmobile/comments/6in9nj/ios_account_continues_to_receive_private_message/  &gt;The user is still receiving push notifications for an account that he removed from the app. Couple this bug with the idea that the app can possibly store account information through a fresh install and we arrive at OP's issue here.   &gt;This really shouldn't be that hard to grasp.
You could leave it up if you want, for other users that weren't aware.
&gt;Reddit cares because they want everyone to use the official app.  While they probably do want users to use the official app, it would have been very easy for them to disable alien blue whenever they wanted. The fact that they added OAuth2 and updated the API for imgur uploads in one of the final updates leads me to believe this is not the case.  &gt;If it was the mods it's probably the single one that still comments around here.  That's where I'd put my money as well.
At the end of the day, it's ultimately up to the mods' discretion as to what stays and what gets removed.  Perhaps because that other post was allowed to stay, yours was removed.  I wouldn't worry too much about it.
I don't believe so, no.  If someone does request it and they do obtain it, you could always modmail them asking to join up though.
&gt;Almost no one would rather a slower, less integrated, browser with no content blockers in exchange for having a shortcut to the comments and up/down vote buttons.  That's not the only reason SVC hasn't been implemented.  &gt;They should just display the page.  That's exactly how SVC works, and even then it was extremely buggy.
