I didn't like Highland Park at first but I've come around. At least for the 12yo. I haven't tried anything else. Apparently this is different, though.   Would you say it's closer to a typical Islay whisky, or closer to Highland Park's signature floral and gently peated style, or something squarely in-between, or altogether different?  Would love to try some somehow before buying an $80+ bottle.
Plot twist: Kim posted the gif on Reddit himself and is having a good laugh *right now*.
I'm not a policeman but I think I can understand the police's behavior. I'm not saying it was acceptable, just that they were in a high-stress situation which, in that area of Switzerland, they're very likely not used to, so it got out of hand.  Biker was a complete asshole though.
Absolutely! A lot of Swiss citizens only speak one of the official national languages, plus English in a lot of cases, obviously they're  fine.   But yes, you might be limited to Western Switzerland as far as employment is concerned, and even knowing only French and English may lock the door on you for a minority of jobs that may require German (or less commonly, Italian). Granted, Western Switzerland is still a pretty large chunk of the country, there are plenty of jobs to be found in Genève, Neuchâtel, Fribourg, Jura, Vaud and Valais (well, maybe not Jura -- no offense to anyone from there but it's a small, mostly rural/agricultural canton). Geneva and Vaud are heavy hitters in the economy of Switzerland, and they're both French-speaking cantons.
I think the food is better in the French-speaking area than the German-speaking one, for what that's worth, but either way, you'll have to get used to new things. If you're going to live in Switzerland, then I suggest you prepare yourself to learning a new language. If you end up in the French-speaking area, as a Spanish speaker you'll probably have an easier time learning French. Likewise with the culture, of course Swiss culture has little to do with Argentine culture, but you'll probably find the French-speaking area easier to integrate to than the German-speaking area, and Geneva has lots of Latinos.
Switzerland is not cold.
Just from reading the title, and before reading the comments, I thought of Highland Park 12yo. Seems a few people agree! I've also had Caol Ila 12yo, but only once, and not side by side with HP, of which I have a bottle at home, so I've had that a lot more. All this to say that Caol Ila is good, but I like HP more, for what it's worth. I'm not a big fan of peat, either, but HP tastes nice every now and then.   Somebody else mentioned Oban, totally a good option, too. Love me some Oban.  If your relative has never had another Scotch, though, perhaps they would enjoy something without JW Black's smoky notes and go for something like a classic Speyside or highlands? Just a thought. Way more options to choose from if you went that route obviously and I don't want to add to your confusion, so stick with the gently smoky ones if you want something similar to but not identical to JWBlack!
You could get two different bottles for around $100, just to get two different experiences. Just an idea! For example, Ardbeg 10yo, Talisker 10yo, Highland Park 12yo or Laphroaig 10yo/QC for a peated malt, and perhaps Glenmorangie 10yo or Lasanta, Balvenie DW, Macallan Fine Oak 10yo, Aberlour 12yo for something not peaty? I don't know the prices where you are, obviously, but in my area, any combination above should land around a $100 total (with a few dollars extra if you settle on Balvenie DW).
I had the Lagavulin at a bar a couple of months ago, it's not my thing but it is tasty and I like it better than other Islay whiskies I've tried. Not sure I'd want to buy a bottle, especially since it's ~$90 here.  The Macallan 17 Fine Oak, I would love to try at some point... I've heard great things about it, but it was a &gt;$150 bottle last I saw it, the state liquor stores don't even seem to carry it anymore, and the stores across the state border seem to have it at $240... Bit silly.
&gt; Against The Grain  Definitely try it. We get the pesto one most of the time.
CloudFormation is a pain in the ass but it's the AWS-prescribed method. Obviously it integrates with AWS the best, so it supports pretty much everything AWS has to offer.  Terraform is my preferred method, but as it's a third-party product, it doesn't necessarily support every bit of AWS, so if you want to use an AWS product and Terraform doesn't support it, you're outta luck.
Just a thought: since you don't know German anyway, consider going to school in the French-speaking part of the country. Geneva and Lausanne have excellent schools.  The challenge with Zurich is that you'll have to learn not one but two languages: German and Swiss German. The latter is a set of dialects spread throughout Switzerland and is the everyday language, while German is the official language. You can learn German, and Swiss Germans can all speak German, but knowing German won't help you understand much of Swiss German, everyday life is a little tougher if you don't know it. It's also largely useless outside of Switzerland.  On the flip side, I would imagine that classes in Zurich are taught in German, so you'll have that going for you.  However, since you're Canadian, learning French will probably come in handy, rather than German or Italian. The French spoken in Switzerland is not quite the same as the one spoken in Quebec, but it's easy to get used to one if you know the other. Canadian French has a very characteristic set of French dialects that -- when compared to standard French -- feature big differences in pronunciation, small differences in vocabulary, and the same grammar. Swiss French is essentially the same as France French, with a mild accent and a few particularities in vocabulary. I'd say the differences are similar to those you'd encounter as a Canadian traveling to the British isles.  So in other words, since you'll have to learn a language anyway, you might as well learn one that you're more likely to use back home. Certainly it never hurts to know German, though it's less likely to be useful. The francophone world is quite large, between Canada, Europe, parts of the Caribbean, Africa or even Polynesia.  On the plus side, topics like polisci and economics often feature some classes in English.  The university in Lugano doesn't look like it has a polisci curriculum at this time, just so you know, but you'd have a very different experience going there than if you went to Zurich or another one of the large cities of Switzerland, so that's something to consider. Lugano is a small place nestled by a lake in a beautiful valley and there's no place like Ticino elsewhere on Earth.  You will find it an enriching experience no matter where you end up going, if you end up going, but I wanted to throw some things out there for you.
At least it's not running Windows. I'm always shocked to see devices such as public transportation info panels or ATMs running Windows. Not that Linux-based devices are immune to crashing, but you do see a lot more of those kinds of devices displaying Windows error messages than you see *nix error messages...  Anyway, using RPi for these things seems like a great idea to me, it's super cheap to acquire and maintain and *should* just work :)
Size doesn't matter, quality does!  Okay, size does matter to an extent, of course, but you don't want to just grab whatever wattage is right without looking at a PSU's build quality and the power delivery on the +12V rail(s).   The short answer is a good 550W PSU is totally fine for an average build with a 980 Ti. And by "average" I mean one or two SSDs/HDDs, a few fans, an average overclock, so a good build, just nothing extravagant.
And a good 650-750W unit will be fine for overclocking :)  Any of these would serve you well:  http://pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-220g20650y1  http://pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-220p20650x1  http://pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-220g20750xr  http://pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-220p20750x1  Just depends how much you want to spend and how efficient you want the PSU to be.   It doesn't have to be EVGA but these are excellent and tend to be priced very aggressively.
Thermaltake TR2/TRX units are never good ideas, they're pretty low end. Not ticking time bombs like Diablotek or Logisys, but low end.
Even though it appears to be running fine, if you have a crappy PSU, it could still be feeding bad power to your components and damaging them over time/reducing their life span. If you already have a good one, though, there's usually little point in upgrading, unless you need more wattage for something, or want a modular unit.
&gt; Did I get too much PSU?  You did, but it's not gonna hurt anything.
The picture in the OP is not so well focused, it doesn't show the features of the far side of the moon very well at all.  Compare with this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Moon_Farside_LRO.jpg  The far side of the moon is very cratered!
I think the shape of the hind leg flanges in OP's pic rule out *Leptoglossus*.
Ok, yes. Really what I meant is you need to tell them that you're a US citizen, so you're admitted as such, not as a Canadian.
Of course you and /u/Freakity are right, I just meant to say that it's found in the US, in other words "we have it in these parts, this isn't some tropical horror", but did not mean to imply it's specific to the US and not found in Canada. Should have said North America.
You must understand: first they must pay the executives. Then they must pay off federal and state legislatures and local authorities nationwide to pass bullshit laws in their favor. Then some money goes to marketing their products even in areas where there's no competition. Then they invest in infrastructure, a little, to feel better and keep up with the competition where it exists. Sure, sure, they also pay you your measly wages because they kind of have to. But then they're probably broke so you get nothing more than a chocolate bar. I mean, it makes sense.
Just a WAG: it could be based on your last name. For example they might only take appointments from people with last names initials A to M on Thursdays and N to Z on Fridays.
I think this is in *Heteroptera*, which rules out *Membracidae* like *Heteronotus*.
&gt; Your fiance cannot come to the US under ESTA with the goal of marrying you. That is immigration fraud.   /u/rico21r's fiancée can visit and they can get married, it's not fraud. What's not permitted is to visit with the intent to stay and adjust status after getting married. There's a big difference!
Since you're a US citizen you'll probably be challenged to find work in any country you consider relocating to, as you'd have to not only find a job, but also find one with an employer willing to sponsor you for a resident permit. It's not impossible, though.  As a European living in the US, I'm naturally inclined to suggest Spain. They are currently suffering from a very high unemployment rate, though, as they were hit pretty hard by the 2008 recession.   I don't know much about Latin America to suggest anything down there, but I'm sure some countries there are worth looking into. I would think -- but don't know -- that Spain has a higher standard of living, though.
Nah, not a bed bug, it's a [woodlouse](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Woodlouse) of some kind (i.e. not even an insect).
Faster-than-light travel!
Do you mean not at all? I don't know about that, but many countries such as France, Spain or Italy have a taxpayer-funded health care system that anyone living there can get, and they're some of the best systems in the world. I know in France you can get private health care for complementary coverage, and the companies behind that coverage are often non profit.
I don't think so but I'm not a lawyer.  If you get to keep your job, get a letter from your employer stating they still consider you to be employed and they're expecting you back on whatever day, have that letter with you on your trip so you can show it to CBP if they give you trouble. Chances are you'll be fine though.
Ah, ok, good for you then! In case it sounds like you should be OK.
I agree, looks like a [thrips](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thrips).
The text you quoted says "18 through 25", which means from the day you turn 18 until the day you turn 26. So if you were living in the US when you were 25 years and three months old, i.e. before you turned 26, you should have registered and will need to request a status information letter from the SSS.   I don't understand what you mean when you say you turned 26 after your 25th birthday but I'm guessing it's the Nepalese way of counting your years, which sounds different from how it's done in Western/American culture
You are not eligible to apply for US citizenship. You have to have been a legal permanent resident (a.k.a. a green card holder) for 5 years and living in the US in order to qualify to apply for US citizenship. It's 3 years instead of 5 if you're married to a US citizen. The rules are very similar in Canada, by the way. Imagine if it were as easy as you imagined, millions of people would apply every year.  So your first challenge is to get legal permanent resident status in the US. This will be difficult unless you are married to a US citizen. Otherwise you have to qualify on your own merits. Most people get to work in the US through employer sponsorship, but still that does not mean you will get a green card. Most people get to work in the US through H-category visas that require employer sponsorship. The employer must show that they sought for suitable candidates within the existing eligible US workforce before they are allowed to apply for a work visa for a foreigner. Only then can you move to the US and start working. After a few years you may be able to convince your employer to sponsor you for a green card. Or you might meet a lovely American and get married and then you can get a green card very easily.  Alternatively, if you're exceptionally qualified, you might be eligible for an EB-category visa, which immediately grants you permanent resident status, but those are very difficult to get (more so than the H categories), and most of them still require employer sponsorship.  So in short, you cannot just go to the US embassy/consulate and fill out forms to apply to move to the US and be allowed to work.   What you need to do -- the very first step -- if you really want to do this is start looking for a job in the US with an employer who is willing to sponsor you for a work visa.  Or you can join the armed forces, there's an accelerated path to US citizenship that way.
That's a third party that will file your application on your behalf for a fee of $199, you still have to pay the fee to USCIS ($725 currently for most people). It's up to you whether to go through a third party but I personally would not, not for something as simple as a naturalization application (unless you have strikes against you like a criminal record or whatever).   I don't think you can file N-400 directly with USCIS online, you have to mail the packet.  Also, you mentioned a family -- I don't know who your family members are but keep in mind minor children need not apply, they will become US citizens automatically when the parents become US citizens.
Another thing on that third party website... I don't know how legitimate they are, if at all, but I don't like it when they say this in the list of requirements:  *"You must be physically present inside the U.S. for at least 30 months before applying."*  That's not *wrong* but it is misleading as it can be understood to mean you have to have been physically in the US continuously for the 30 months prior to applying, which is not the case. You simply have to have been physically present in the US for a total of 30 months over the course of the past five years (or 18 months over three years if married to a US citizen).
TJ's has no locations in Canada.  It's a good store because they have a variety of unique products and good prices.  Quoting from [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trader_Joe%27s#Products):  &gt; *While a typical grocery store may carry 50,000 items, Trader Joe's stocks about 4,000 items, 80% of which bear one of its own brand names. Trader Joe's describes itself as "your neighborhood grocery store." Products include gourmet foods, organic foods, vegetarian foods, unusual frozen foods, imported foods, domestic and imported wine and beer (where local law permits), "alternative" food items, and staples such as bread, cereal, eggs, dairy, coffee, and produce. Non-food items include personal hygiene products, household cleaners, vitamins, pet food, plants, and flowers.*  Unfortunately I live in Pennsylvania so TJ's is not allowed to sell alcohol, but aside from beer and wine, I hear they also carry decent whiskies where it's allowed.
Agreed on polyphemus :) They're quite variable in color, from a dull gray/brown to a richer, redder mahogany brown.
My take on it is, social upbringing in most societies plus a perceived lack of intelligence on the part of the critters leads people there. They're viewed as "creepy", "gross" and other disparaging epithets, and any relationship you have with them is one-sided, so while they are indeed animals, this context means that a lot of people lack empathy for insects (and arthropods in general). And it's a self-perpetuating mindset because adults pass it on to their children, who would otherwise not be prejudiced against bugs.
Bien sûr que c'est légal. C'est légal surtout après que le FAI paie (en gros) la législature pour que ça devienne légal. Alors comme ça t'as des localités où un seul fournisseur a un monopole garanti/béni par la mairie, ou ailleurs t'as des communes qui ont tenté de créer leur propre fournisseur mais qui se le sont vues interdire par le gouvernement de l'État dans lequel se trouve la commune parce que Comcast ou AT&amp;T ou Verizon a soudoyé qui il fallait pour mettre un terme à cette horrible concurrence.   Tu penses, un fournisseur de haute qualité dont tout le monde est satisfait qui dessert un groupe de communes, ça fait concurrence déloyale à la méga corporation seule présente dans le coin qui propose un accès lent et moisi, ça fait tache, ils perdent de l'argent puisqu'ils ont investi dans l'infrastructure locale, alors qu'est-ce qu'ils font ? Ils attaquent la commune en justice et puisqu'ils ont plus de fric que ladite commune, ben ils leur niquent la rondelle avec du gros sel. Et du coup les habitants se re-retrouvent coincés avec le FAI moisi. Et puis d'ailleurs un FAI étatique c'est du socialisme et le socialisme c'est anti-américain.   Si ça donne pas envie d'aller les chercher dans leur gratte-ciel pourri, de les aligner contre un mur et de leur coller une balle dans la nuque...
They are pretty chill spiders, though they'll be more defensive when an egg sac or spiderlings are involved. Still, a bite wouldn't be worse than a bee sting.
I don't think this is a brown marmorated stink bug, and definitely not a first instar BMSB, it's too big. But it's definitely a stink bug nymph.
I think that looks like a [European paper wasp](http://bugguide.net/node/view/5081). It's a pretty chill wasp overall but it can be defensive of its nest.
Surprised a SWAT team didn't breach your door.   You shall make a big sign that you can wear on your shoulders (like Bruce Willis in Die Hard) that shall describe the gravity of what you did and go stand in front of your town hall while wearing said sign, in your bare feet, all day tomorrow, no food or water.
I also think it's a dobsonfly larva. Sure they're aquatic but they come out of the water before molting. Yours looks pretty dried up, too, like it's been out of the water for a while.   Is there a stream nearby or no?
The Sunday thing, yes, definitely, at least originally. A lot of European countries view Sunday as a day of rest and spending time with family. It has taken an *areligious* dimension at this point, though, and it's just ingrained in the culture, as well as being codified in local/municipal law or lease contracts.
Oh yeah, I've heard and seen this. Complete aberration. If someone like that were to move to Switzerland, they'd be in for a rude surprise and disappointment, though they'd deserve it for not doing the most basic of research :)
You mean the CentOS 7 kernel? I would think so, but we haven't actually started working with Docker. The way I see it, if CentOS ships a Docker package at version 1.12, and user namespacing was introduced in 1.10, I imagine we're OK there.
I think the 24-105 is your only option given what you've said, but at the same time I would suggest saving up a little so you can afford to keep your 50mm. You will miss it if you get rid of it, I guarantee it.
