I'm not sure Moose is a must add in all leagues. He started off hot, but has cooled big time. Been brutal over the last month plus. Minimal power, no speed.
marijuana is bad, mmkay
man, this kid needs to catch a break
His erection died 8 drinks ago
Yeah I like Donaldson to win AL, and Goldy or Harper to win NL
Can we pump the breaks a little bit? He has been awesome, but has a MLB track record of 10 games.
All 5 need freezer time
total babe
unless you're comparing against Peter North's ropes, no one is going to know what a normal amount is
for sure. especially to help push the munchies out the back door
I bet they both had albums coming out soon after the incident...
Will the coffee companies take the additional profits or lower the price to consumers? hmmmmmmmm
Yay meaningless wins!
I'm guessing someone was yelling "stop that thief!" or something
Luckily (hopefully) a majority were instant deaths
No not sure at all, merely wishful thinking for those who were hurt
That one producer. "Murder is hot right now". Fucking vultures
shitty hershey's?
I'd confidently guess 90%
I believe it's just a pun
Ha writing off a 21 year old defensemen in his second season
Yeah must be real rough...
Yeah I hear you - he hasn't done much up to this point. I do think he can breakout in the near future if NJ finds some talent at F to create a formidable PP with Severson at QB. Or, a trade could accelerate his fantasy value.
probably, but "munchies" didn't gain traction without affecting the majority
Thanks I'll stop scanning for a hidden black guy or something
he reminds me of don carriendo
Unless a problem affects survival, people won't be willing to lose it all (be arrested or killed)
Just end this stupid charade of conservative/radically-religious bullshit. ffs
A bit paranoid living life thinking everyone is trying to hit you
Totally agree. These short-sighted assholes don't seem to understand that though
Well a lot of times that "no where" means more money or power. Not agreeing with climbing over people, but let's not act like their isn't tangible benefits to "climbing"
Seriously. End the charade
As quick as a brazil nut
I have always thought that schools are more about social learning. Sure you have brilliant minds that teach, and that can be sought out by the individuals who are seeking that once in a lifetime accessibility. But for the vast majority, the knowledge that is taken away is how to interact with a diverse group of people
People who don't use turn signals know that they should. Inconsideration is tough to change
I think it means "take the one-year deal, play well, sign a huge deal elsewhere, make Broncos regret not signing you long-term"
I believe you're thinking of Captain Ron, and yes I agree
Well hindsight is 20/20, I'm sure this person was expecting/hoping to land a higher paying job. It's very difficult to predict the job market 4 years out.
So I think we agree?
Yeah he bunked that for sure, but I think your trophy case will ease your pain
really only missing one from being semi-acceptable
I wouldn't blame them if they organized and took on the government, but you cannot give them a pass on terrorizing innocent people
if you are going to terrorize innocent people, you deserve anything coming
marijuana is a hell of a drug
I admire his courage to stand up to these corrupt cops, but why not go stay somewhere else for a bit?
easy, amateur. the mix is delicious
are you implying because they are uneducated, they do not realize what they are doing is wrong?
I'll accept it as fact and spread this to family and friends
Why the hell was she headlining such a big event in the first place?
She hasn't been relevant for 10+ years. There's a hundred more relevant and more (currently) skilled acts out there  e: brainfart irrelevant/relevant correction
