Who said anything about Sara? Her entire interaction with Oliver has been nagging and whiny. Her actions caused more trouble than needed to happen for people she cares about. She's just not as compelling as a character as she used to be. You're free to disagree, but stop putting words in my mouth.
This is interesting. The only reason to do something like this is to attract existing Android developers. This would mean a lot of Android development practices should apply to their new platform, as well. But all of this is moot if they don't make development for their platform free or nearly free like it is for Google's Android. Wonder if they've learned some lessons. This could be an exciting new direction for Nintendo.
Are you sure it wasn't a sword? Because that's what I remember.
Who said I was either? I don't favor this ruling, but I'd hardly call myself upset over it. I'm always of the opinion that busineses should be able to enforce dress codes and choose who to and not to serve.
Butter *and* salt is the way to go.
Nah. Just Jose. That's who he is.
It seems likely.
I preferred the first Uncharted over Uncharted 2. I'm weird.
The story. Sure, the gameplay wasn't quite as polished, but I just enjoyed the adventure and the journey more in the first one. I always felt compelled to move forward. By the end of the 2nd one, I was just running out of steam.
I love how the media is framing this new bill as something that reformed and fixed so many problems. So full of shit.
I honestly don't know all the details of how it works. The article explains some basics. Regulations are different than the lump sum they pay if they bring cash back over directly.
The Urbane is beautiful. I want one. But I really should wait a bit longer and see what Moto does with the 2nd gen 360.
This doesn't look political on the surface, but I feel like it's a story that belongs here because the DA bringing charges in this case seems to be looking to push a political agenda.  There's so much about this story that's fucked up and weird. She was 5 and a half months pregnant. And even pro-life groups are saying this arrest is over the line and uncalled for.
It wouldn't be a ZP review without humorous criticisms. Even his most favorite games get ragged on. This was a very good review by his standards.
It's not a big deal though. His reviews aren't ever meant to be taken too seriously. But I agree. It was a good review.
Aren't they the best?
Yeah, but to be fair, they have already shown off some open world gameplay.
A-Rod did 9/11.
Probably just a brief issue with the rollout.
It's actually [a lot better](http://www.pocket-lint.com/news/133592-samsung-touchwiz-review-a-deep-dive-into-the-samsung-galaxy-s6-software) and [less bloated](http://www.greenbot.com/article/2890529/heres-how-samsung-made-touchwiz-better-on-the-galaxy-s6.html).   Still not my choice of UI, but it's not the beast it used to be. I recommend checking it out if you can find a display phone to play with. Most Best Buys have the S6 on display these days.
I dunno. [Jose Canseco](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1clw9o/i_am_jose_canseco_famed_steroid_user_and_former/)'s was pretty amazing. [Tommy Wiseau](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/2zdzik/tommy_wiseau_creator_of_the_room_and_the_new_tv)'s went exactly as you'd expect, too.
I need this in my life.
Terrorists are everywhere. Even inside your company!
Yeah. I saw that. I'm thankful it's not a full on exclusive for iOS.
Hell yes. I've been hoping they planned to do this. He deserves this so much.
Yep. Definitely not disputing any of that. My point is just that big companies with an interest in getting more people online (like Google) can do these sorts of things to increase competition. Doing away with exclusive rights for cable companies in each market would be helpful, too.
At least they went with a different studio than the one that did the port for MKX.
Assuming it was a current build and they didn't wait to publish the video. Marketing departments don't just grab footage and release it the same day. They'll sit on footage for weeks or months before the public sees it.
Not only that, but wildly different stories to the point where Nintendo says they're basically two complete $40 games...hence the two versions.
They also did the Batman Arkham Origins port that had game breaking bugs and took forever to fix. And they did the Borderlands 2 Vita port...which is crap. I'm thinking BioShock was a fluke.
It depends on how long it takes them to fix it and what the state of the game is when they release it finally. If it's literally only on par with PS4/XB1, people will still be upset after the delay, I think.
Yeah, but there wasn't a huge issue with the game. They just underestimated the demand on their servers. That happens frequently at launch with MMOs. This is the result of all kinds of bugs, missing features, etc. I wouldn't say the two are very similar.
Pretty. Reminds me of Starbuzz's line of American-made hookahs a bit.
The hero we deserve.
God. That movie was awful.
I know his defensive stats suck and he's only hitting okay. But I love Panda. It's not like everyone on the team is great but him. I don't see the point in singling him out.  And man, /u/LansdowneStreet said everything perfectly.
I love Google+. I still use it daily. Sure, the chat aspect of it is mediocre compared to FB. But I use it for a different reason than I do Facebook. FB is for keeping in touch with friends, seeing upcoming events, birthdays, etc.  Google+ is better for discussion and interests. I can join communities easily of the things I like or want to learn about. Sure, there are some that are just full of memes (e.g. I stay away from video game ones). But there are some really insightful communities on G+. I've met quite a few all new friends that I wouldn't have without G+. Can't say that I've ever met someone through Facebook without having a mutual friend in common first.
&gt; And US libertarians (who are quite often anarchos capitalists) somehow get confused with with liberals I feel like.  US libertarians are the closest to classical liberalism that there is in US politics today. Not all are anarcho capitalists, either. Some are minarchists.
Yeah. And the important thing to remember is that this is the cutting edge of VR. It's not meant to be 100% accessible yet. It will take quite some time to get more games on it and by that time, a lot of people will be ready to upgrade their rigs with new cards that can better handle the demand of VR hardware.
Yeah, but he said "two ones and a zero". It makes sense you'd assume 110 with those numbers being in order.
I get that. I'm just trying to provide a probably explanation. But I guess it depends on how much the distributor would cost and whether or not they think they'd sell enough to make up that cost.
None taken. I think it's a silly argument, too.
The issue is that they also said the hardware in this generation of Rift is only good for close to the lifespan of a cell phone. So you'll be buying a new $600 headset every 2-3 years.
This is why we can't have nice things.
That show was just perfection.
Haven't used one, but it seems like a good value. Supposedly they're adding support for apps to it, too (e.g. Netflix and the like).
Yeah. I wanted the FO to do a bit more, to be honest.
First Lemmy, now Bowie. What a terrible couple weeks for the world of music. :(
I like the idea of the tomato face swap, but I think this one looks better. Both well done though.
/r/programming used to be a default sub. I miss those days.
