KaneGB is exponentially better than AK72 or whatever was floating around. Good work
I think Rose worked out for the Bulls.  He just had some unfortunate health, family, organizational, big-3, Boozer, Gasol, Hamilton countless other issues that didn't get the Bulls to the Championship.  He played a major part of those shortcomings, but to compare Derrick Rose to the lifeless, entitled Gordon Beckham or to Joe Borchard is ridiculous.    It's hard to compare Derrick Rose to anyone on the Sox, but if I would have to, it would have to be Magglio Ordonez.  Maggs was far and away the Sox best player for 4 or 5 years when some injuries shortened his White Sox career where he was able to pick up and move on to one of the team's biggest rivalries.  I hate the Tigers, but was extremely happy to see Maggs send tha team into the World Series... only after we had won one ourselves.  Unfortunately, the Bulls don't have a post-Rose plan like the Sox had a post-Maggs plan and Brett Lawrie should hit a line drive off of both GarPax kneecaps.
Sure mismanaged pen  but bases loaded none out should be at least two runs.
Maybe this goes long enough that we miss garPax fuck up the draft tonight?
Shouldn't be indifference, should be ignorance.
You sounded like dirty Harry there.
He won more games than Mike Price.
Oh to be young and not know the pain of Zook.
Have the Sox had a pitcher train at APEC?  I'm not sure I like seeing a guy exert himself like this for the sole purpose of seeing how he can light up a gun in a non-baseball exercise.  The Sox, under Cooper and Co. have had pretty good success of getting pitchers to throw a lot of innings and avoid long stints on the DL and I threw up a little bit in my mouth watching this.
You and all the other downvoters are right.  Probably nothing to be concerned about with a guy who has already been suspended for a banned stimulant and works out with this group trying to get a viral following for a 110-MPH non-pitch.
it's a beautiful name for a boy or a girl.  Especially a girl.  Or a boy.
How can they survive a rebuild?  I'd love to see some new faces.  Starting with these two.
Losers find a way to lose. Niko finds a way to make sure that it happens.
That is one of the worst post moves I've ever seen.
The 90-91 Lakers team was awful. Especially after the attrition they suffered. I think Worthy and Scott missed multiple games.    It's impossible to compare LeBron's opponents to Jordan's because it's a almost a different sport. There are certain players who transcend generations. There's no doubt that LeBron and Michael could play during any era but no one can tell if these warriors would be dominant because before the​ rules changes.   That's what makes Duncan's accomplishments even more impressive since he started having to deal with Kobe and Shaq and then they would eventually have to compete with the super teams and the three and "d" specialists.
Whose rules are we playing? The 90s and today are two totally different games.
97 heat team was stacked and didn't have a chance. What Rodman did to Zo was Hannibal Lector level.
I'm not sure, but I think Timmy passed on to the Lord during this time too.
Both are trash. But, chain smokers make blackies look like the rolling Stones. They are an iHeartRadio fabrication that are only popular due to incessant air time. Try turning on your radio now.   Howard is now just a part of a Sirius junket. I imagine the Chainsmokers were just in the building that day and stopped in the studio as part of the tour.   Im offended by the booking of this guest.
The only redeeming quality of Sharia law is that participation in softball is punishable by death. There is more sportsmanship in the blue whale project than in softball.  However, I can only blame the umpire for what happens. He just stands behind the plate like a tit while the remarkably short manager conspires with his team for over a minute. If you don't break up that huddle after a ten count youre asking for trouble. The   classiest move by the manager is him obviously telling his ladies to wait another 10-15 seconds after he returns to the dugout to break in order to build the appearance that he had nothing to do with it and the team went rogue.
Keep your chin up. One door closes another always opens.   Just make sure not to kill anyone with that door.
One of the worst home run calls in baseball history. C-ya??? That's what you came up with?  But even still, not even the worst home run call in that hallway.
And it's horrible.
Are you saying Niko, Payne and MCW isn't a super team?
Avisail Garcia has been better at baseball this year than the previous years he's played for the White Sox.
The entire Law interview oozes with pompousness​. Compared to how down to earth Our Chuck is it was oil and whatever oil doesn't mix with from the beginning.
That's not the sentence for manslaughter.
If the column is portraying this group of 10,000 Muslims as a reflection of the entire religion, that's about as misleading as saying that ISIS is an adequate representation of the entire religion.  Everyone should be against terrorism.  There shouldn't ever have to be a rally or a protest against terrorism.  It's like having a pro-oxygen rally.  The signs the women who are marching say it all, "Please don't kill INNOCENT people."  Let's ask them who's innocent and who's not innocent. ISIS is not Islamic extremism because there really isn't an equal and opposite extreme in the religion.  Groups like that might be radical, but it's not as extreme as one would think relative to the general population.
His second grade earth science teacher should be charged with negligence
I don't think the question is if he opts in but how many games he'll play. I have garpax paying about 1.5 mil per wade game next season.
They should waive Cameron Payne so that Cleveland can pick him up and do a sign and trade max deal.
He would need to be caught with Carrie Fisher amount of drugs between today and Thursday to drop this far.
Who hates hoss?  Maybe predators fans?  Get over it.
I don't mind blowing "it" up. But "it" includes the clowns making the moves. I don't trust any of their personnel or development decisions. If someone with a proven track record of salary cap management and talent evaluation were at the helm, trading Butler would have been a no brainer. However, their return was laughable. Even if the decision is to tank and be completely flexible next summer, the top talent is going to notice the toxic environment Pax and Forman have created and steer clear. Chicago has whiffed on every premier free agent since the beginning of free agency.  The NBAs top level talent is a small clique. And the bulls are not a part of that clique. It would be a huge gesture to just get rid of Forman and Paxson.
I'm sick of even the phrase "HoiBall" there is no such thing as Hoiball.
I think that Alejandro Dypshyt is the real deal.
That's ridiculous. Styles don't win games. Players do. That locker room has zero players.
Steve Kerr didn't have Kerr ball. He saw the hand he was dealt and put them in the best position to win.  If Kerr was the coach of the 2015 bulls he wouldn't have played the same way as he plays in Golden State. It's not like Hoiberg agreed to coach a team under the assumption that the entire roster would be completely turned over. And i mean completely. The only player who is left from the 2014-15 team that he took over is Nikola Mirotic. A player who has gotten measurably worse under Hoiball. Hoiberg is not there to develop talent or implement a style.  He's only there to replace an outspoken coach who would provide resistance to a incompetent front office. For any of you buying into hoiball I sympathize for you.
I think the Cubs pennant tells more than the actual facebook message.
This series should be played at McKethan after the shit they pulled this year
I'd be up for it, but you really let us down in October. Both of these 3b are better than Brett morel.
They were never loveable losers to me. And now theyre just winners who behave like losers.
Had they evacuated that quickly before Katrina, George Bush would still be president.
We are in the golden era of pass friendly rules aided bloated stats for QB.   I believe that the ones you've listed are in the discussion for greatest all time, with Brady the easiest to argue, but it's not fair to compare the statistics of today's quarterbacks with what Marino, Elway, Favre and the generations before them were able to do.
I don't think giving a franchise tag is as easy as everyone makes it out to be.  If he has no intention of playing with the Bears past 2018, then I think they should just let him hit the open market.    In order for him to be franchised, he'll have to be paid the average of guys like Josh Norman, Janoris Jenkins, Patrick Peterson and Richard Sherman.  He's had like 11 good games in a Bears uniform.    The real elephant in the room is the depth at the position.  Ryan Pace has done an awful job allowing for flexibility.  Coming in to this season, a franchise tag for Fuller would have been ludicrous.  And now, if the Bears aren't able to sign Fuller, there's absolutely no one waiting in the wings qualified to take his position.    Am I crazy here?  There's no way a competent franchise operates on a week-to-week roster outlook like the Bears do.  You have to be able to build out two-three years in advance and have options and contingencies for anything that comes your way.  As it stands right now, the Bears have several positions with this scenario.
the highest rank he should hold is short-order cook.
Ryan Pace has never done this before.    He's probably still throwing up from firing John Fox.  Let him compose himself.
Please refer to the bucs and colts before Tony Dungy coached the teams before calling him overrated.  He's an awful father, but an excellent coach.
The Jets and Giants are worse.   Everyone else is better at least for now. Bears are still last in NFC north unless Aaron Rodgers passes on to the Lord. Every other team will draft after the bears and I think we'll be underdogs heading into most of these games.
Pace is plenty dumb to even had said that.   The extent of trubiskys involvement should be him leaving everything he can to become a better QB.
