&gt; I'm merely being pedantic  Yet your whinging about other people being autists?
It's a shame, it's a fuck load better than facebook.
&gt; Admirable goals but ecoterrorism is the wrong way to go about it.  Can you suggest a better approach? Peaceful protest just gets ignored.
&gt; reef as a human shield   Yep, nothing misleading in that statement!
So play the game by their rules only with less money and resources? I'm sure that'll work!
&gt; If Shorten had approached them simply to encourage this outcome, then it may have happened sooner. As it stands, he's probably delayed the decision.  So it's Shortens fault that the Liberals don't support marriage equality?
&gt; Mistakes happen. I'd rather a legal court decide, rather than "Minister says so"  This is the big one that automatically makes it a bad idea.  &gt;If they are remorseful, like some of the current ones are, they may be a useful tool to help prevent further people going to train.  This is exactly what courts do, revocation of citizenship could be considered the maximum sentence.
[Google](https://www.google.com.au/). They pop up from time to time and I don't take that much interest in it.
&gt; one person may at one point hold 2 variables in their head, while another person can at one point hold 5 variables in their head  And the former will produce cleaner code. You don't want to take over maintenance from the "genius" that can hold 50 variables in his head.
Freedom fighters don't attack civilians.
But if several polls all jump 2-3% then there is probably a cause, more so if it remains at that level.
&gt; Why is he an idiot? They spent millions of dollars on original content available solely to the subscribers. Why not use the userbase it to show off the quality content you are producing? It's like marketing 101.  Because /u/DaltoniusRex suggestion accomplishes exactly the same thing in a less intrusive way.  Netflix got to their position by being convenient and pleasant to use. If they stop that then it's back to torrenting.
Not for me, it doesn't understand a word I say!
I expect this from the mainstream media. What really annoys me is that the ABC repeats it.
And? When the government stopped reporting there was no source of information to keep it going.  If the government had really "STOPPED THE BOATS" they wouldn't be hiding all their information would they?
Yes it should be. Let's start with ensuring 457 and student visas can speak functional English.
&gt; but does every worker on your project need to be Mozart or Einstein  No, but they need to have moved beyond paint by numbers.  &gt;One that says "programming schools should stop emitting programmers who cant program adequately".  We aren't just talking about graduates here. It's often "professional" developers with several years of experience.
&gt; I would assume Zeppelin (air ship) would be the least polluting method for mass transit. However the problem is Air ships cannot move at 600+ Mph like Boeing air buses.  I'm not sure if that's a safe bet, it faces air resistance from a much bigger surface area.
&gt; Maybe if english was our official language, but it's not.  You probably wouldn't know that if you didn't speak english!  Either way, it is our de facto official language.
&gt; Yep, but not an official language. We really have no right to force it on people trying to become Australians.  We aren't forcing them, we're talking about making it a condition to become an Australian citizen. The choice is entirely theirs.
&gt; If there is no way around that to become an Australian citizen, that is force.  There is no forcing involved. These are our conditions, either comply or not, completely up to the individual.
Nope, your just using the word incorrectly.
&gt; The IETLS test is already a requirement for any visa applicants from nonnative-English countries, you dumb dog-whistling fuckstick.  She forgot to specify, we should have a *useful* test!
If you want to live in a foreign enclave why migrate anyway?
A different set of standards needs to apply to refugees, such as mandatory classes until proficiency is obtained.
&gt; To apply for a PR visa you need to prove you are efficient in English.  Proficient?  And the test is a joke.
It's not useful because people can pass it and still be completely incapable of communicating in English.
A german engineer wouldn't work for a 457 salary.
Which is bullshit, anyone can buy a pass on one of those exams.
Then the test is incredibly easy and in no way useful,  judging by the results.  More likely the ones that know they'll fail have someone else take it for them.
If that's the case then we need to change the enforcement of the test to one we have control ovee because the current system obviously isn't working.
How does an economic refugee differ from a normal migrant?  If they aren't fleeing persecution they should be subjected to the same standard as everyone else.   Edit - are/aren't.
Then how do you explain the lack of English skills amongst people that have passed?  Either the test is useless or there is a lot of cheating going on.
And they completed these assignments all by themselves? Don't be naive.
&gt; You could make an argument from maintaining Australia culture that a very basic understanding of an Aboriginal language should be necessary. But English is in no danger of being lost to the world.  No you couldn't,  Australia (the country) Is a European,  primarily English invention with no connection to the previous inhabitants other than sharing the geography.
Hypocrisy,  they make the laws that keeps drug illegal for everyone else.
Because judging every one on the same requirements is the only way to be fair.  If I were you I'd be more pissed at the ones that cheat the test rather than the test itself.
How many are there that didn't learn english in primary school?  And why would an Australian citizen,  with all the rights that come with it, be held to the same standard as a non-citizen with no rights?
I meant if they aren't fleeing persecution they should be treated the same as any other migrant, including the English requirement.
Then we need to enforce the standard in Australia, by people not paying to take the test!
Education systems based entirely on rote "learning" is another aspect of our immigration system that sucks balls.
No it doesn't, it might provide an indication but being bi-lingual doesn't automatically make someone smarter than someone that isn't.
No they don't have the same rights. They have no right to live, work or even visit here unless the government says so. Until citizenship is granted we can put any conditions we want on that.
&gt; My feeling is the science isn't definitive at the moment, and may not be for years.   That's basically my position too.
&gt; I heard of an Irish nurse working in Dubai who was made to sit an English test, which is just absurd. It's a waste of time and bureaucracy, to prove some kind of "diversity" point.  How is that absurd? A lot of irish have extremely thick accents and the person was applying for a job where clear communication between patients and doctors is absolutely vital.
&gt; Victoria and HOI don't,  What? HOI is essentially a battle to be the biggest blob by the end of the game.
&gt; Imagine being a skilled worker in the developed world, with a solid qualification, but no wealth in your family and looking at that kind of cost.  A skilled worker in the developed world should be able to afford that just fine. Sure it's not cheap but it's certainly doable.
To an extent they're right. Look at the amount of people complaining about Melbourne's "tiny" 42sq meter apartments.  A lot of people here seem to be able to expect a big house in a suburb close to a CBD, they're expectations need to change.
&gt; He should have just left politics and retired gracefully but instead he spent the next couple of years destablising the government and his own party.  And then, when they realized how shit Gillard was the welcomed him back with open arms.
&gt; That's not really on her though, Rudd had pissed off all the major factions and powerbrokers, not to mention his own partyroom, Gillard was just in the right place at the right time, with a sufficient ego to accept the challenge.  If they were all so pissed off then why were they so willing to welcome him back?
