I'd actually prefer all police footage to be readily available upon request. Before, during, and after the processes involved for someone having charges pressed against them and a verdict reached regarding their guilt. I have absolutely no problem with someone's pure dumbassery, or video exonerating them of dumbassery, being made public as soon as possible. Maybe people on both sides of the law would be slightly less retarded in their encounters if that were the case.
This is going to sound crazy, but hear me out: Not everyone wants to drive a gold lambo, wear diamonds, make it rain at the club, and chardonnay the night away.  I guarantee you he could be living your definition of "better", but he's enjoying his definition right now.
Of course they should get paid more, but don't gauge someone's bank account or finances by their material possessions.  That could still be a 3,000-4,000 sqr/ft home, paid off, no mortgage.  He's probably got a fat ass bank account, money for his retirement, money for the future of his kids college (hopefully), and he's still happy. That's what matters. He has currently made enough money to live a much more lavish lifestyle, but here we see him just smiling to have a new quad.   I respect that much more than someone living in a mansion and nearest neighbor in a different zip code. Makes him more like you and me.
It actually was. it shows how PC are held back by consoles. Also applies to the quality of games sometimes too.  Edit: Ah yes, the 'ol reddit downvoting of facts.
I for one welcome out new Kangaroo overlords.
So, he's a bottom, capable of receiving an enormous amount or power? Or is he generating the power by doing most of the work?
Holy shit, you just don't get it at all. If he gets taken to the ground by someone, HIS gun becomes something that the person can take and use. Never, ever use lease than letal force when dealing with multiple hostiles about to attack you. That's just asking to lose and leave it in their hands.  That cop did a lot of shit wrong the moment he got on the scene, and yes, I believe it's partially his fault things were as escalated and bad as they were, but pulling his gun at that moment, with TWO (that he can see) people approaching and posturing ready to attack him, was the only thing he actually did right.
I would say mostly, but not entirely. The only reason I say that is because of people arguing, no following directions. Like, 85% cop, 15% those arguing and not following instructions.
&gt;They weren't posturing. They weren't being aggressive.  I had to stop reading there. We just aren't going to have the same opinion and outlook on this.
Because teenagers have never hurt anyone. Got'cha.
Phrasing is  big problem, you're right. Just like "unarmed" does not equal "not dangerous."  They were posturing and approaching (probably saying/screaming too) is a very hostile manner towards the cop. I still feel the gun pull was correct and justified. Those weren't small kids. They were 17+ year olds at the peak of hormones and stupidity, with the build of a young man. What is not dangerous about that? Those weren't "children." You sure as shit wouldn't be calling them "children" if they just willfully committed a homicide.
I'm not a fan of the music, but god damn that is commendable, respectable, and it made me a fan of him as a person.
I don't understand why you're getting downvoted. This would be an amazing game on PC.
You sure as fuck can when they buy your ppv.
Well, fuck them. I already own it for xb1, and I'd still rebuy it for PC just to get it in a better way.
This game, running on a gtx980, i mean, I just WANT that, you know?
I expect to get what I paid for, and what was fucking advertised. This is neither. Fuck you.
Unless he was charged $0.25, no, he didn't.
As you should be. Get out of the left lane.
Looks like it's made with beer cans.
Why would someone still be playing bf4 without premium at this point? The game is approaching the 2 year old mark, and premium has been pretty cheap at a few points already. It's literally only $19.99 (USA) right now. Honestly. if you like BF4 enough to still be playing it at this point, you're only doing yourself a disservice by not having premium, the extra maps, and the extra weapons that come with it.
"Need" has nothing to do with it. This is a video game for entertainment purposes. That's like saying you like pizza, but have only ever had it wish cheese, so you don't need to try any other toppings, ever. Not having premium right now still does not make any sense if you're still playing this game since release.
It doesn't make any sense. That's all I'm saying. I know it, others know it, and you know it. It would be different if you just got the game, or maybe put one or two hours of gameplay in every other week or so. If you're actively playing the game, and even watching a subreddit for it, it just doesn't make any sense to not have premium. Frankly, I'd venture to say its just stupid not to if you're actively involved in the game, and community. But, it's cool, you get to be one of those guys who say "yea man, I stuck it to EA/Dice! I didn't buy their dlc!"\  Edit: Serious question, but is it just the game you don't want to spend money on, or are you an overall cheap person (either due to choice or financial constraints)?
I can't agree. Doesn't even look like the second guy ever looked up from his board before he started into the intersection. It's like he thinks the red light will magically make ALL cars stop.   Ah, the good 'ol reddit downvotes. State something that makes perfect logical sense, but somehow offends others opinions, so then come the downvotes.
It's a valid thought to  have, but a stupid one to expect to be a reality 100% of the time.  Good thing laws are there to stop people from committing crimes, right?!?!
Possible, but yea, still not smart.
Yes, because it definitely looks like America is starting ww3, and not Russia.  What a tool.
Lets forget about how many of those bases are requested to be their by the country their in, or by neighboring countries requesting aid.  You sure are an idiot.
Try turning off Al Jazeera once in a while.
You left out the word "documented".
I feel like I'm talking with people who don't know how DirectX works, or who are primarily console users and this is a new topic for them.  This may totally not be the case, but it's definitely how it feels.
Found the PS/sony fan boy.  Do you not understand why it is such a big thing for a console to be coded to run the same software that a pc is running, and what that means for the gaming future in general?
This isn't getting the respect it deserves.  But her dreams, aren't, as empty!
It's the era of the "bro" and 12 year old gamer. Its what we have to suffer with. :(
When a post has been up for 6 hours without a single reply from op, I totally believe THEY think it's worth it.
It totally matters in a political sense, which appears to be the point you're missing.
You're fucking retarded, and ignorant.
Clean bricks would have looked a lot better, without red paint anywhere.
It totally does when you consider that jones walks around at 230lbs. He wouldn't even have to cut weight and could walk in as fresh as ever. He'd have so much energy, it'd be like he almost took a bump right before the fight.
The big difference would be that these two would be fighting at their natural weight, and would still be in the same weight class.
I don't understand what the downside is of two people fighting at their natural weight? Would you not get a fight where the better fighter wins, especially when their natural weight has them in the same weight class?
I don't understand how people can have this point of view. An accident via hand manipulation versus straight up corner cheating, and it's "even"? If you honestly feel that way, Jones should have lost every fight that he gouged peoples eyes out multiple times.
How do you forget to get off a stool between a timed round?  Do you tell the guy "hey man, we need to stop fighting for a second so I can get my finger out of your glove" while he's trying to strike back?  Come on now. I think it's you who needs to use a little bit of logic.
You're right. It depends on what you like. Some people don't like having their constitutional rights ripped away from them.
So you're saying to get upvotes he needs to completely pretend to be someone he's not, wreck some cars, do some coke, flee from crimes he's committed and injure pregnant women? Then he gets the "likable character" nod?
Thank god you aren't anyone to worry about in the scoring field then.
It's not like she's busy running a country. . . . oh, nevermind.
&gt; If it works for him, that's great. But this religous and spiritual talk is part of the reason that I cheered for Luke in this fight.  That's kind of a shitty of a shitty reason, but ok.
What's the going exchange rate on integrity these days?
You sure do hate America according to your various posts. Did we free you from something?
