Why not?  It's 100x cheaper, and very easy to do.  Anyone who can follow simple directions, and turn a screwdriver is golden.
Yes, it is that easy.  There are several detailed videos on YouTube, and a thorough guide on iFixit.    Not sure why others are saying it makes more sense to pay a ton of money, (and time) to have someone else do it.
Fucking sea-turtles.  Yat-yas
They just want your money.
Good judgment comes from experience;  experience comes from bad judgment.
Will be neat to see how this effects IC engines in 20 years.
I'd rather have a dog than a staph infection.
Time = money.
Every brewery is worth checking out. There's not a lot in ILM, so it should be pretty easy to find something you like.
Looks good.  It was hard to tell on my phone earlier today, but now that I can see it on a larger screen I like it.
Fuck this hipster crap.  Go here and get a real sweatshirt, with a [lifetime warranty](http://www.duluthtrading.com/store/dtc-shared/customer-service/satisfaction-guarantee/no-bull-guarantee.aspx).   http://www.duluthtrading.com/store/mens/mens-shirts/mens-sweatshirts/mens-sweatshirts.aspx
Everything tasted great.
Yes to all that.  The front of her head was blasted, in the worst possible way.  She sounded as bad as Stannis's Baratheon's kid the other night.
Whats with all the hate?
Thanks for the reply.  Nothing like a bunch of sober SJWs getting all jealous and nervous at the sight of boobs.    tl;dr... fedoras everywhere
Salty 49er fans, mixed with the road-salt crumbling off of Ohio St. fans.
It's not up to me, or anyone else, to make your world all comfy and cozy.  If you don't like the content, then close the tab and move on.
I wish they had manufactured the 17" wheels.
Depends on what your power goals are.  A Viggen intercooler might be large enough for you, or you may need a big ETS IC.
From an enthusiast standpoint, get the '95 900T.  It has the best, most robust, engine.  It's the lightest, and has the stiffest chassis.  Basically any T5 car &gt; T7 car.
I doubt you have regrets at this point.  Nice .45.
It's a hard life, but we endure.
Should have cross-steered.   YAT-YAS
The last 29 of 30 pages... or just the last 29 pages?  There's a lot of redaction to scroll past.     Oh, fuck you for the bullshit.
They talk about themselves for more than 12 seconds straight.
You're Starbucks looks pretty ghetto.
I didn't think you needed full coverage to get a car totaled out by an insurance company. Pretty sure you need insurance in CA.
The volume of water coming out of the pressure washer on low is so low that it would never be able to change the temp. of any of the metallic engine components enough to do what you're describing.    If you have any evidence to support this, I'd love to see it.    Basically, what you're saying is that anytime you drive through a deep puddle, or heavy rain, you're close to cracking your engine open.    Think about that for a minute.
Great looking Aero.
I think you'd be a genius, but you're a week too late.
Try hitting a target at a mile with open sights with your $3000.00 rifle.  I imagine most people can't even see that far unaided.
No, it fucking doesn't.
That small area is pretty sketchy, especially the neighborhood behind that plaza.  I'm not convinced the parade caused the shooting, but I'm guessing the heightened excitement was too much for some folks.
You should enjoy them now.
The difference is that you can buy a 25 year old Corvette for about $5000 in great condition.  A Porsche from that time will cost you $35,000.  It's a pity.
Sounds good.  But I wish you'd rev it out.  You realize that shifting at the redline is more than OK.
I think her natural color is amazing.
Looks to be a little choppy for surfing.  Unless you're talking about your boogey board.
Except the updated mobile app for Android is shit.
Because it felt comfortable.
Hmmm. Probably being hacked.
Probably a seizure.   Fuck them.
But a lot just steal them from people they arrest.
What's your opinion of the current Z/28?
I like it.    I wish I could paint everything seafoam green.  Easier to track the leaks....
Don't need a reason!
No.  Portsmouth is just a city.  I'm guessing they didn't have a clue the Lebanon library was doing this until DHS mentioned it.    It just seems a little weird, among all the other weirdness.
Belichick is just pumped that he didn't have to cut any sleeves off today.
Premium is a marketing term.
Awesome job!
