I hope you die next.
So you're kind of a good person?
Ya snooze you lose.
And then you never respond to my comments again. Subtle and no laws against it.
As much as Jake likes to come off as a dick for the sake of being cool, I'm sure he's actually a really good person. They both are.
Stop telling me what I mean by shit.
But it's a total Amir thing to do. Ditching a date with your best friend so you can drink with teenagers who hate you, trying to gain their approval.
Yeah for sure. They should have ditched him or something, and r-tard was pretty stupid. But it was written pretty well and was believable.
It'd be harder for a midget to fall, centre of gravity and what have you.
Pervert! That's illegal.
I love oblivion, over 600 hours on it, but it's pretty debatable whether it's better than Skyrim.
this seems slightly against the law.
Seems like it. That's wholesomely fucked up.
I can't believe I'm making this comparison, but it would be similar to Call of Duty, kinda? Or any shooter really. As long as it lands in the hitbox it'll register?
Checking your comment history, you're a pretty huge dick man. Making jokes about weight, sexism, and rape? How is that funny? Short answer: it's not. It's not funny because it's not a joke.
Kind of agreed. Don't see the point of the whole fetch thing, but I'll still use the shit out of him.
I don't think any cannon fallout game will be multiplayer, but it could become an MMO like ESO.
No I'm thinking what I'm thinking.
FUCKIN RIGHT CHICAGO
Well what we're given seems pretty damn incredible, maybe the best game ever made. So really, who gives two shits if there's limited speech options? There's certainly not limited dialogue.
There are limited amounts of speech options to pick, but there's a fuck ton of dialogue. Meaning that you have 4 options but the voice actors have over 13000 lines of dialogue. Idiot.
The way Fallout was meant to be played
You hated the tutorial character that you see for maybe 10 minutes and never have to talk to again? The game was fucking awesome, it's a shame you couldn't get into it.
I think so, yeah.
I'm sure it'll catch on.
It is of course not a word.
I hope you not only get fired, but get the death penalty as well. You monster.. You trash man!
Not a great joke.
Terrible
No shit it's true, doesn't make it funny.
Would you say it's the best find ever?
That's not a very RICE thing to say.
Welp, I'm not complaining. Ashens is the shiznit.
So you actually enjoyed the game?
You're not playing devils advocate if you didn't enjoy the game.
Stop taking things so well.
Ugh, Bob I don't give a fuck about your shit opinions.
Then why bother posting this? It's not affecting you or hindering your experience.
How do you know so little about basketball!?
You're digressing. You used to be able to speak English!
Are you kidding me? You're screaming into a Bluetooth right now.
I'll give you a hint Herwitz.. IT AINT!
But of course, I get downvoted because everyone else drank the koolaid.
You matter so much less than you think.
Are you flirting with me?
Toothless lives matter.
That'll never work.
Belligerent fool. Damon uses wireless headphones.
Apple Pie is Canadian.
If you felt really bad, I'd accept money.
