Love your videos dude, and this trick is absolute bonkers.
So to me, this kind of sucks. I'll wait until the full release to judge it, but this trailer has all the makings of a political force feeding, with skateboarding as the spoon.      If it's about the people, it might be an admirable pursuit. If it's about the politics, it's going to be disgusting.
Bring back weapon scabbards!
1090 burger is the only thing that makes northcote worth visiting
I hate this so much
That kind of a setup would be well over OP's budget I think.
Yeps, it's good. Good board size, Zero makes alright decks. The trucks/bearings aren't the best but that's always the case with completes. This should sort you out good as a starter setup.
The capacity for an uprising that will sweep the nation is the precise reason that the second amendment exists. It's so that the people of America will always have the ability to overcome their government if they need to, because that is the way that America was created in the first place.
Mission Impossible did a pretty good train roof fight scene, in regards to realism.
&gt;Would thunder trucks be a decent investment?      Yeps. It really depends on what trucks you're currently riding as to how noticeable the difference will be, but Thunders are great.
I wasn't a fan of the cop car ollie, but a car like this I don't mind. People who buy cars like that have too much money, and would be insured up the ass anyway. Who cares?
Although, you are thinking about sex. It just has nothing to do with adjusting your balls.
Why did you choose the first one? Usually DKC2 is regarded as the best in the series.
I know, but like a good movie you have to suspend your disbelief a little to get the most enjoyment out of it :)
I quite like the style of gameplay that came from using a shield. Rolling is all about twitch reflexes, whereas using a shield is a much more strategic, methodical way of fighting. Stamina management is key. A lot of shield haters give the impression that you can just hold up a shield and block everything, but to have enough stamina to strike you need to bring your shield up only at the right time, and only just long enough to absorb the blow. Blocking a boss also often stops their combo, which leaves you with a far smaller window in which to strike, they have a lot more recovery frames after finishing a combo. It's a shame that the DLC bosses were unblockable, it killed the shield playstyle
He should have held off for a month so he could still get some presents
I'd say that the same thing does apply to blue smelty. Smelty was supposed to be the big mistake of a king that pushed his power too far, and his downfall. Now apparently he already had one already made (and a stronger one no less)? Blue Smelty really cheapens normal smelty's place in the lore in my opinion. Just like the covetous, it turns him from being a character to just being an enemy.
That does not look right at all. Something has definitely gone wrong with your wheels I think. I have never seen anything like this, they appear to have melted.
If it was, it would be an x-post, not a repost. Not everyone who browses here follows /r/skateboarding.      The video's educational value is very dubious though.
What a bizarre story.
It seems like you have the general idea. How I look at it, is if I imagine I'm just rolling my board at something (without being on it), how would it react to bumps and cracks? It would usually just bounce over them - so when I come up to a crack whilst riding, I push my board forward and jump just enough to take all of my weight off the board. That way it reacts as I would expect it to, and I just have to guide it over obstacles.      For bigger cracks and curbs, raise your front truck well over the obstacle before hopping, that way any hang ups have to fight your whole body weight to get stuck.
I think you might have messed your link up :)
Pretty good. The only ones I disagree with are Mat, Perrin and Bryne. Galad is perfect.
I wouldn't say it's an acquired taste. The only people who don't like vegemite are the ones who don't put the right amount on. You could say the same for soy sauce, or pepper, or any kind of strongly flavoured condiment. The difference is that if you put a shitload of vegemite on, continued eating of said portion will not make the flavour more palatable. If you only put a touch on, no one who appreciates salt will dislike it.
&gt;QTEs      Fuck shenmue
I would have put BANG, BANG BANG BANG, and CLICK
You should watch the Penn and Teller Bullshit episode called Sleep, inc. You might change your outlook on mattresses.
Peter Dinklage was completely wrong for the role... thank fuck
It's easier to get into. The start of DS1 is super frustrating for new players, and gets easier as the game moves along. DS2 is kind of the opposite. I'd say that DS1 is definitely the more difficult game, and I played DS2 first. That being said, champions covenant dual cats on ng+6 is way harder than anything that exists in DS1.
Yeah, you'll notice a big difference when you try to go further off the nose. Your back foot will start to do all the catching and eventually it'll end up [looking like this](http://gfycat.com/HonorableJointBordercollie)!
They all just expected an offside ruling and were waiting for it. The fools!
That dog's eyes are so creepy
Not that impressive - it's literally just flying straight. I've seen those Red Bull planes do much more exciting things than this.
Jingle All the Way. It's a pretty fun movie.
I think that the DS2 Estus health regeneration speed was better than DS1. I never liked how estus refilled your health almost instantly.      Also, 20 is way too many estus.
No it's not. If he learned to ollie regular, he pops with his right foot. If he skates goofy and pops with his right foot, it's a nollie. You should probably stop correcting people until you work this stuff out :)
I know that everyone is being encouraging, but I think that 202 is a bit overlevelled for a first run. 150 is about right, maybe 180 is pushing it. An extra 20 levels would have made the last few bosses (especially watcher and defender) quite easy. I'm certain you noticed this though, if you're asking the question.      Joining the CoC is absolutely what you should do, it will make up for your extra levels and make your next run a lot more fun. This time don't consume all the boss souls, use them to buy weapons!
You're calling all the bosses easy, but you were level 200 before Drangleic. Being 200 at the credits might be over levelled, but being 200 at the halfway point certainly is.
Yeah that's certainly true. If you did the DLCs as early as you got the keys, it would certainly pump you up; you would still be over levelled though. What I'm saying is that the end game is tuned for a certain level range, and that 200 is really quite high in comparison to boss health and damage. They were designed to be beaten by someone who has not done the DLCs, after all.
Well, he rolled into the grass, so that was a flaw.
Yeah I was thinking that too, there's no way this isn't in Melbourne
Yes it is. It's a repost from 8 months ago. I know it might seem difficult for you to believe, but there might be some people in that 8 months who have not seen it.      That is why reddit encourages reposting, and asks others not to complain about it.
Reposts are allowed on reddit.      In fact, since it has been so long since the original post, and the OP has not claimed that it is their work, this is the perfect example of how to do a repost right. So maybe brush up on your rediquette?
Your post is the perfect example of why democracy doesn't work.      It doesn't matter how right you are; all that matters is how many people agree with you.
Lows are fine, worst case scenario is you get wheel bite; then just get risers. The more likely scenario is that there will be no real difference.
Everything looks great; you're not missing anything. Go for it!
Setups made from buying individual pieces will always be better than completes. Completes are cheap because the companies skimp on the bearings and trucks.
Yeah, I had the same impression. I think that it's because the original post was focused on the joke the ducks were having. If the last panel was simply a larger shot of the plane flying normally and the ducks flying upside down (without any expression, they're still just ducks), and the guy inside having a panic attack, the comic would have been a lot more effective.      That way, we have the absurdity (ducks flying upside down for no reason) and the stooge (guy freaking out even though the plane obviously is fine to any rational person), but without the force feeding of the punch line. Get rid of the ducks laughing, and this comic would be a lot more palatable.
What a wonderful way to ruin a nice building!
Wouldn't it have been easier to just say, minus pickles minus onion?
