Yes. Muscle gain/loss has a lot more fiddly bits than total weight gain/loss, so it's harder to make absolute statements of the form "Eat/do X and your muscle mass will change by amount Y", but protein intake along with resistance training will favorably affect the ratio of muscle to fat gained or lost.
Retaining your strength while losing weight and not lifting is definitely decent. After four months of not lifting, you haven't been stuck at this weight for months, you've been *not lifting* for months and are lucky to not be starting from scratch.  But if you can bench 115 for 8 reps, there's just no way you can't get a single rep at 120. When would you usually decide to add weight?
Or just plain peanut butter eaten with a spoon. The effort-to-calorie ratio is hard to beat.
There's no trick. You just have to get leaner.  There might also be an expectation problem, here. [This guy](http://images.sodahead.com/polls/004041743/34475830_getting_a_6_pack_abs_xlarge.jpeg) is pretty frequently cited as a goal physique. If he were just a bit less lean, that Adonis belt would look like love handles, even though most of the bulge comes from muscles, not fat.  As long as your handles are getting less grabbable over time, you're doing OK. For most guys, they're one of the last things to go.
Getting stronger helps you get bigger, too. Yeah, high-rep bodybuilding stuff is great for hypertrophy, but 20 reps at 135 isn't going to do you as much good as 20 reps at 315.
This is in some cases possible, but generally not reproducible, and almost never worth trying for specifically. You can lose five pounds in maybe a month. Trying to recomp five pounds could have you spinning your wheels for a year *and maybe not even succeeding*.  It's fat. You want it gone. Your scale weight is meaningless; who gives a shit if it decreases when you lean down?
Yeah, just like you're destroying your joints when you lift.  The difference is, a few hours per week of stress on the joints is recoverable; perpetual stress is just detrimental.
This is [not true](http://www.strengtheory.com/the-belt-bible/). Belt use makes you stronger in both the short and long term.
Yes, I picked that because it was the most optimistic possible setting. "Average genetics" has you at 153. "Hardgainer" estimates 142.  Are you putting in the wrong height or something? 5'5" is 65 inches.
Yeah, I would not want to try it for the first time while in the dark.  Unrelatedly, definitely do practice "failing" on purpose with light weights sometime before you actually need it. Being stuck in the hole with an attempted max on your back is not the time to figure it out either.
The common beginner progression is to add five pounds every workout. It doesn't really matter what progression scheme you use, as long as you have one and it isn't insanely slow.
"Hip drive" is a cue Rippetoe seems to love, but it never did anything useful for me. Don't stress over it.
Protein shits are hard to miss.
If you do anything that involves grip strength, you're training forearms, which is how all those people got them by just "training seriously". I agree that most people don't need isolation work for it.
Generally, your pump today will be your normal in a few months, assuming decent progress.  You'll never be permanently pumped, though. Trying to look like your pump is kind of chasing a carrot on a stick.
Looking big is about leanness at least as much as size. A lot of the really ripped guys you see in photos are actually pretty normal or even small when you put them next to another person, but their muscles stand out so much more that they appear larger.  In any case, anything happening over the course of a single month is not a major change, so there's not much to explain. And strength can increase without necessarily changing size.
Some kind of row or pulling movement(s), to help balance out all that pressing.  I'm pretty skeptical about whether tacking 18 extra work sets onto the end of every workout is a good idea.
No. Unless you are recovering from some kind of injury, it is pretty much never useful to stop lifting.  For weight loss, optimizing your diet will have much greater returns than optimizing your workout.
Whether you exercise or not is *critically important*. If you don't lift, bulking is useless. And up to a point, the harder you work, the better. This doesn't necessarily mean you should mess with a routine that's been working for 6 months, but a calorie deficit is a recovery deficit, so you might find that you have the ability to do a lot more now than you did while losing weight.  Work hard, don't get sloppy, and trust the process. Good luck.
Unless you're very skinny, getting better curves will probably have more to do with building the underlying muscles than just packing on fat. Fat just sits there inertly, muscle has shape and contour.  This is why even fitness models who are very lean still have thighs and backsides that look very feminine, while overweight butts tend to be droopy and flat.
Protein powder is just a kind of food. It's not particularly special in any way, other than being especially high in protein, and it is hardly unique in this either.  When someone tells you that protein powder is evil/useless/critically important/etc, think about how you'd regard someone saying the same thing about bread. If it sounds stupid or alarmist, it probably is.
Some advise against training to failure, and there's merit in that, but failure isn't *so* terrible that you should pathologically avoid it. If you never fail a rep, you're probably not training hard enough.  You can't push your limits without touching them.
You're confused because you have the wrong idea of what bulking and cutting do.  You should lose little or no strength while cutting; frequently you will even gain strength, just more slowly. If you track your [Wilks score](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wilks_Coefficient), you should find that it increases due to your dropping bodyweight, even if your lifts regress a little. If your Wilks is decreasing, you're cutting wrong.  The other thing is that you should be spending WAY less than half of your time cutting. In a year, you don't spend 6 months bulking and 6 months cutting. You can cut fat faster than you can build muscle, and only some of the weight you gain while bulking needs to be cut, since you obviously don't want to cut away the muscle mass you've gained. If you bulk for 10 months (gaining 20 pounds), you can cut for 2 months (losing 10 pounds) and be right back at your starting level of body fat, except with +10 pounds of muscle.  So you can have 10 months of training with the full benefit of a calorie surplus (plus maybe some progress during your cut) if you bulk and cut, or 12 months at maintenance if you don't. Eating a lot is *really really important* for adding strength and size, so bulking is usually the better plan.
If you consider it a main lift, program it like a main lift. There's nothing special about bench press that makes it benefit from percentage-based rep schemes more than a row would.
DOMS is mostly a response to *new* stimulus, so keep working your calves regularly and this shouldn't happen again. For the same reason, when you do something new, don't do a ton of it the first time, and the DOMS won't be so bad.  For now: stretch, foam roll or get somebody to rub them for you, maybe try ice or heat. Do some very light calf work to get blood pumping; this is counterintuitive but usually helps.
With that much strength loss, I'd be very surprised if it isn't mostly mental. Losing strength while cutting is common, but 40% is insane.  Alternately, bench usually benefits from high volume and frequency, but during a cut you might just be benching too much. If you're constantly fatigued, that would definitely impact strength. If this is the problem, reducing volume/frequency should improve things within a week or two.
Depends on a lot of things. But generally, if everything is in order, at least half of the weight gained will be muscle, and sometimes more.
They... aren't? A decent fraction of big progress posts are skinny kids.  But I mean, there is an obesity epidemic. Overweight people just plain outnumber underweight people.
It probably won't make much difference either way. If it feels good, do it.
You could literally double your squat and still not be "too far". Don't stress over it.
You're almost definitely doing something wrong, just in that almost all beginners are doing something wrong. And if you're deadlifting bodyweight, it's unlikely that muscular strength per se is the limiting factor. More likely, you simply aren't very good at deadlifts. This is a totally fixable problem. Form checks are a good place to start, but it's also hard to develop good technique when you're only getting five reps every other session. I've found that even unloaded [hip hinge practice](http://startingstrongman.com/2015/12/22/fixing-your-deadlift-its-all-in-the-hips/) is useful.
It's safe, but tends to be challenging, intestinally speaking. IMO, easier to skip the loading; creatine doesn't make such a difference that it'll matter if you get the full effect a week sooner.
Yes. Very possible. The simplest plan actually saves money: keep eating all the same foods, just eat less of them.
&gt;Mark Rippetoe and Louie Simmons, two people that have far more experience than any of the redditors downvoting my original post.  I'm pretty sure you're getting downvoted for sloppy wording that ventures into the outright false and explicitly contradicts the sources you've named, rather than because you hurt our delicate fee-fees.
I'm pretty sure an extra 30 minutes in the gym on one day are not the cause of a 12-day change in appetite.
Do sissy squats for a few months, and no other exercise will ever sound undignified again.
There's nothing wrong with zeroing several events at your first competition. If nothing else, it's a great motivation to keep training and do better at your *second* competition.
&gt; I would guess this works by the food you eat on a cut - let's say 1,500 calories - going to muscle production, while the fat you have on your body is used as energy.  This is definitely not accurate. That would mean gaining ~half a pound of muscle and losing ~half a pound of fat *per day*.  Some fraction of the food you eat can be spent on muscle even while losing weight, but it's just that: a fraction. The more untrained you are, the more favorable that fraction will be, but it's never near 100%.
Big solid quads/thighs are awesome on both men and women. I think the models in your photo look weird and unbalanced, but if that's your aesthetic, you gotta do you.  I do think you're underestimating how visible legs are, especially in shorts. I mean, nobody's going to see the entire length of your quad through trunks, but a teardrop peeking out the bottom of a pair of shorts is nice, and even long pants can show off your legs if they're cut right. Stretch jeans or compression pants especially.
Yes, calorie restriction will impair the healing process.
Nah, that's fine if it fits your schedule. Most programs are written on a 7-day schedule simply because most people want to work out on the same days each week.
Definitely do more bench; Stronglifts doesn't have enough of it. Don't skip legs, just do more pressing.
&gt;They look buff, likely, because of a lack of body fat.  Also, because the average person's idea of "buff" is honestly not very buff.
If you're doing a lot of bench and deadlift, you're not exactly neglecting your triceps and back. Add some curls and lateral raises, and you're basically done.  You're making this more complicated than it needs to be.
This is good advice for people with overweight BMI due to extra lean mass. I'm not at all convinced it's good advice for underweight BMI.
&gt;I recently read a post that discussed how low reps high weight did not gain as much size as high reps.  This is an overstated effect, and its importance is frequently misunderstood.  If you're in the gym on a regular basis, doing a large amount of training volume, you're going to see muscle growth. Whether that training volume is produced by sets of 5 or sets of 10 is kind of irrelevant, except in the sense that it's easier to accumulate large amounts of volume with higher rep ranges. The amount of *extra* muscle growth you'd see in the same time frame, by switching from ICF to something else, is somewhere between "nil" and "negligible". Even if you pick a routine with much higher volume (and ICF is already pretty high-volume, compared to other programs a novice might run), you're not going to see a lot of extra benefit, because ICF already puts you pretty far along the diminishing returns curve.  The main requirement for muscle growth is years in the gym, not a super-secret special hypertrophy routine.
Who cares?  You don't need full-body mobility training. That's useless. If it's not broken, don't fix it.  Figure out where you actually need/want more mobility, if anywhere. Target those things specifically.
Maybe? 40 pounds total weight doesn't necessarily mean 40 pounds muscle. But anyway, I'm not saying nobody ever gains 20+, just that it's better to expect average results and be pleasantly surprised by exceptional ones.
Sure. If you're keeping track of things, it should be apparent that you're gaining too much fat long before you've put on 30 pounds, and then you can slow down the bulk and/or train harder.
If you have to ask, the answer is no.  Overtraining is not subtle. When it happens, you will know.
