I think we should add a response against the claims that "if people can be transgender, why can't they be transracial?"
I feel as though reddit has become increasingly less tolerant as time goes on. Why is this?
Do you think the conditions would be better without trade? It is unfortunate that the world works this way, but labor conditions improve slowly overtime, and the only way for them to improve in these countries is by developing the economies better.
Your username reveals your bias. I fear engaging you in this discussion would be pointless, since we both have our minds made up, quite clearly.
Do you have a more economical suggestion? Often times state intervention only makes things worse. And please explain it in your own words instead of linking me to a book.
Lenin's NEP failed. And I will prove quantitatively that you're wrong about demand rising for high income workers in underdeveloped countries when I can be bothered to draw graphs tomorrow.
Not all Muslims value religious homogeneity above all else.
I do not understand why it is so difficult to understand this vocabulary. Do you use the word "straight" to describe a heterosexual person? Okay, then use the word "cis" to describe somebody whose gender and sex align.
No, I am pretty confident I meant cis when I said it. Normality is not a synonym for majority; it describes how the typical world functions. Since a certain percentage of our population is always going to be transgender, it is just as normal as when somebody is not transgender. Therefore normal is not a word that can only be used to describe cisgendered people, which is why the term "cisgendered" exists.
You are misunderstanding my point. It is normal for 0.3% of the population to be transgender, therefore rendering transgenderism a normal phenomenon.
And you seem to be incapable of using proper, unhateful terms.
It means I don't respect it.
I don't respect arguments built out of hate,   therefore I won't humor you further with a debate.   Good day.
Why do people enjoy this cartoon? The acting and writing seem just as corny as the Prequels, and the plot seems to be:  1. Lacking a Star Wars feel  2. Dumbed down for children  Does nobody else here hate the cartoon? Why is it canon but actual great storytelling like KOTOR is not?
I never stated the violence was dumbed down. The plot and dialogue are most definitely rushed and simplistic though.
I stopped watching that video after 20 seconds. The dialogue was unbearable. Also, the opening shot looks like nothing that'd be in Star Wars.
I actually enjoyed the Prequels a lot more than most people on this subreddit.
Urban living is far more practical and environmentally friendly though.
&gt; whites are almost TWICE as likely to be killed by police officers.  Yea, in a country where white people outnumber black people six to one.
[This](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/4mnqck/jk_rowling_has_described_people_who_criticised/d3x0vjr?context=1) comment is the worst to me. The implications are just terrible...
He clearly chose his nationality to be listed over his occupation as a joke.
They're probably Red Pillers
So is Chad the Donald Trump equivalent of this season?
But how does he feel about Mexicans?
Chad should be the next Bachelor.
How is this show not going to ruin his reputation in his career?
You sound like a newbie to TV.
THIS IS FOR AMERICA
I get the pun, but it still makes zero sense.
Maybe respect the mod's opinions to have the conversation deleted instead of bringing it up again...
He got eliminated last week, so I don't think he got away with anything.
Jordan's basically won this anyways.
Props to Well for being honest. Fuck all these fakers who made it this far.
Alex has such a short guy complex. He always needs to hug first.
Spoiler: he's not gonna make it
BRING BACK ALI
I miss how he was an actual human.
Luke is something out of a romance novel
I don't understand the point of a two-on-one date. If these guys are that expendable, why bother keeping them at all? She's clearly not going to have a two-on-one date with guys she genuinely wants to stay...
I guess cause his success has been so cliche and predictable.
He's being fed lines.
The music lets me know what to feel.
NO FUCK THIS WHY IS HE STAYING
THIS IS SO FUCKING STUPID
FUCK FUCK FUCK NOOOOOOOO FUCK
Get rid of Alex
&gt; Well, they are if you don't pass a bunch of stupid laws that make everything illegal.   Good one.
Which is based on gender. What you're thinking of are fetishes. It's insulting to the LGB community to put the desire to have sex with children on par with their preference in partners.
You don't owe your country anything.
Calling pedophilia a sexuality is normalizing it in my humble opinion.
