I love Enemy Within as the new abilities you could get made you feel like you could get some trully powerful characters in your squad. That said I'd recommend playing it on hard difficulties, as some of the abilities are really freaking good.
I couldn't get into fallout 3 for the exact same reason. New Vegas had factions and even characters from previous fallout games. 3 opted to ignore all the story that was built in the previous games.
I miss the old buildings and armies, forts, watch towers.
I would support a raise of the minimum age to serve to 21.
Sounds pretty reasonable.
I do and I up voted this post. Same thing I do with the other things I read. What more did you want? Looking at the nays there is disappointing and I'll be sure to vote against my senator for voting yay, though both of my senators are republican.
I expect it will be fun actually. But I do not expect it to be an exact digital translation of the table top game.  If that's what you are looking for I think you will be disappointed.
The founding fathers were not infallible, we don't have to base everything we do on what they wanted.
It is completely arguable. What the hell makes them geniuses? They succefully forged this nation with immense foreign aide yes that's true,  but it doesn't make them geniuses.
This article is from December of last year  I can only assume it was posted as an attempt to discredit Sanders goal for a single payer system. This is not news.
Yes, implement Australian or English style gun control.  Watch as price of black market guns skyrocket.
Pretty much everyone here agrees with Paul on this issue.
I actually like March for the hilarious image of 4 murlocks climbing all over stitches as he tries to run away.
Are you always an asshole or is today special?
It doesn't matter what the reasoning is. They should focus FAR more on anti hacking measures not on dlc. Last time I was in a mp game I had 52 million given to me by a hacker. What's the point of the online shit if the ecosystem is flooded with money. Oh and Rockstar never took the money from me.  I reported the guy and sat on the money for a week.
Great but I won't get my hopes up.
This is what I was getting at, the book version. I expect if she dies in the books it'll be due to Melisandre doing something at the wall now that Stannis is away and Jon is... busy.
Dont do this to my feelers.
Until mechanics are automated.
I think you are correct, though I think they aren't NATO counters.
Open carry itself has never affected me as the only place I've been where we openly carried firearms was at some friends house in Wisconsin.    From a purely societal stance though I don't see how anything we do at all would be positively improved by openly carrying a firearm. This is a point I could change on as like I said maybe I just haven't been in tea situation like that myself but I don't see how any situation that may be resolved easier with open carry couldn't be resolved with concealed carry.    The other problem I have with it though is (I assume) pretty rare but it bothers me everytime I hear stories about it.  That is, people open carrying just to make a point.  All those dumb videos of people open carrying and spouting out shit to officers who check on them.  At that point all you are doing is purposefully antagonizing a police officer for some YouTube views.    Probably one of the best videos I've Sen that contained open carry but weren't consumed with an antagonistic personality was one in which a fellow was chased by some people and he pulled his holstered firearm and they backed off.  It was a great example of how the presence of a firearm can cool down a tense and life threatening situation.  What I'm not convinced of is whether or not it would be beneficial or harmful in the majority of cases.    Anyway I think you can probably tell I'm not really strongly on either side of open carry but for now I am favoring no open carry.    Hope some of this made some sense and didn't have too many spelling issues.
Good for them getting things in order that quickly. I think I"ll stick to Reddit for now though.
If it was American police the guy would be dead.
Wow that sub is shit.
Not surprising, she's the front runner. If ever it seemed like Sanders has the lead they'll target him next.
While I get were you are coming from its also important to remember that everyone in the military volunteered to be there.  No one forced them to go through all that.
By now you could have watched the video and educated yourself instead of trying to antagonize someone. And by now I could have written a larger post explaining IRV. Congratulations we've both now wasted our time.
No, they're worthless either way.
Makes me want to play this again.
Anyone who puts North Korea as a threat before Russia must be off their rockers.
I support Sanders, but I still like to see the other information. Thanks for the link!
Considering Islam has 1.62 billion followers and there were 3 attacks I think we're still mostly okay with the idea that the majority of people who adhere to Islamic teachings aren't going to try to blow us up. That's not to say there aren't plenty of Muslims out there who want to see me and you dead, but I don't see how mockingly calling them "Peaceful" is going to matter to those people who are probably more concerned with planning their next attack than what someone on Reddit is saying about them.
I'm far more concerned about flankers than Nitro to be honest.
Definitely don't do this against the same team more than once. But it comes in handy if you need to pull out a cheap win.
DAE think progressives/liberals don't/can't own guns?
I haven't decided how I feel about the world though, so I'm going to just dismiss everyone.
Wouldn't they just get shot?
We had a declining violent crime rate before that, they aren't necessarily linked.
&gt;That the US civilians would continue making the Tanks, Planes, bullets and everything else? That US rebels couldn't locate these plants and shut them down?    Any factory capable of making weapons of war would be destroyed. There is a reason the enemies we have fight the way they do and not in tanks.   So no, I don't expect to see your rebellion having tanks.
It was a joke, if you didn't like it then down vote and move on.
I disagree completely, I love the updates we've been getting in ck2, and the new announcement today looks awesome.  To each his own though.
Unarmed police go a long way in reducing deaths I'd wager.   I do not suggest it for the use though, we will not be ready for something like that for a long time.
I think it's just Johan being Johan.
Yes  No  Yes  Yes, though I'd doubt any Republican would want to curb states rights.  Too bad it won't happen, gun control advocates and gun rights advocates can't work together.
If you want more than 2 parties get the fed to drop first past the post. Until then any third party is doomed to fail in the US.
If only it actually were Odin fighting ISIS, this is just Fins fighting immigrants.
What a pointless thing to dislike someone over.
Are you fucking kidding me with his shit? Grow the fuck up.
It means that you're assuming he's Arabic.
No, he wouldn't have.
