The show would have benefited from less Daredevil and more Matt Murdock.
I have no fucking clue what you are talking about. You are very hot, probably universally so.  Go forth and multiply.
Stop using Axe body wash. That stuff leaches all moisture from you body.
No way. He spends more than half of each episode kicking ass. A little lawyering or character development for Matt would have been nice. As it is everybody is more interesting than he is.
Father in Law of the year right there. Ladies and gentlemen that's a real fucking man.   OP. Move out of the house. Tell her you need some space. I'd start going to therapy ALONE. You need to see if you can deal with this without having a blubbering mess in the house with you. Good luck.
Let him go. LDR are pretty hard and it sound alike yours is somewhat frayed anyway. Don't move or move in. Just let this stay dead.  I wouldn't expect my partner with kids to move to me anyway. Sounds like he was his highest priority.
I wouldn't fully disclose to her at least not right away. Just break up and make up a mundane reason.  You'll likely only be in the same town another year or so.
I disagree. The least attractive woman I had sex with was the best sex I ever had. She was very open and enthusiastic.  Seems like the super hot women kinda rest on the laurels where there women who aren't as hot work harder. Just my opinion
Women willing to swallow are more apt to get you to the finish line. They approach the whole thing with more urgency in my opinion.
That SOB deserved one too. The guy fucking cried in the ring.
These same fucks who run this state are the people who wrap themselves in the bible and scripture at every turn. They seem to have no problem killing and imprisoning  people that could be guilty and could give a fuck all about setting it right.
Someone was going to slap that bitch sooner or later. You did her a favor. She tries that shit with a different guy and girl it's a real beat down.
Isn't it the difference between being married and just dating? Dating people should be on their best behavior. They are auditioning for marriage.
Stay the fuck out of this. Like way the fuck out of this.  If he was dating her at the time it's very possible he already knows about this.  You can disguise pregnancies with clothes but I doubt he didn't see her naked if they were dating.
Long term care is expensive and only goes a few years max. Sucks.
You need therapy. I think k you resent his inability to give you a baby,subconsciously.  Get help or this will ruin you.
Call them and try to order them. Also their chocolate chip cookies are the best in town
Tell him but be prepared to lose your friend. I guarantee he'll stay with her and tell hers what you said.
Stick with the therapy and actually try the stuff they suggest.
Discussing shit just gives manipulators a chance to manipulate more. The best revenge is indifference
What's the fucking fetish? Even if you delete this and repost it with a throw away it would put things in perspective.  That said whatever your fetish is do you honestly think he'll break up with you if you mention it? He'll either say not my thing OR he could be up for it. Imagine how good things could be if he's up for.  It's a risk but it's a small one.
Well it's false advertising because from the actual trailer it looks like only one guy gets laid. It's not a sex comedy.  That said Balls out is a better title than Intramural.
He's prepping the press for a loss. If Cain eon he'd look even more invincible.
This happens all the time with women her age. Want to know why women can't find good guys? This shit right here. Women all fuck the same 5 assholes. You are husband settle down material. He's date fuck material. Go be with someone who got her dumb side out of her system.
Couldn't you get a long one with a a suction cup and have her stand and lean over?
Her parents are fucking haters.
You didn't really have a marriage. You had a lie. Also get std tested.
For there to be an emotional affair don't both parties need to have emotions about each other? Seems like she's giving him hope where there is none and could give a shit about him.  He's infatuated and she isn't. Your husband is pathetic but not a cheater. I don't know if thesis worth breaking up over. I imagine most people have one man or woman from their past who is their kryptonite. Fortunately for the both of you his kryptonite had no interest in him.
Why didn't you consider the family thing before moving?
I hope he didn't pay for that shit.  Seems like a big waste.
I'm wondering if he just lives there regularly and wants to sound better off.
Give John Scalzi a try. Most of his books before the  last one are pretty hopeful and non dystopian.
I missed it. Bottom line don't do this shit Op.
You must converse about this but maybe ask her about hard limits? (What she doesn't want)You need some parameters for mental safety and your piece of mind
Nothing is created in a vacuum. Unions started overprotecting workers because management can be crazy. People set up fiefdoms and do crazy shit and break the law. I feel like unions should do a better job of NOT helping shitty people but they kinda operate like lawyers, everybody deserves help/defense.  They have a plan for getting rid of people but it's so onerous most managers don't want to put forth the time/effort.
I disagree. The media became deregulated and jobs started going overseas to non-union non-labor law areas. The disaffected unemployed worker has free time and watches this de-regulated media and hears all this bad shit about unions, put forth mostly by the companies that off-shored jobs. The bottom line is that most workers are better off in a union than not in one. Most people don't own businesses so anti-union activity is really in their worst interest.
The bitch was crazy, the end.
Don't give up the grip.
Time Warner is stingy. Uverse is good the best for previews. They tell you when it comes on.
Is this true? Black American and fear crazy shit when traveling internationally.
Depends on what they paid those guys to fight.
What does J being poor and black have to do with anything? He'd be more likely to do time not less. Also if your sister has no money your folks can put a stop to this shit quick since prison communication is expensive.
You can't visit non-stop. If she's on disability or can't fend for herself he's not going to stick around if her parents aren't financing things.
She sounds like a horrible wife and partner. I'd leave. For real.
I feel like Europe wants it both ways. It can't survive without under paid cheap immigrants but they seem to always bring their religion with them.
His post makes no fucking sense but I don't see it as anti-gay. He sounds pro-gay just really dumb.
I gave up a few episodes into season one. I felt the team was really poorly thought out and boring.
No get a bio bidet attachment. We've all been doing it wrong man.
I think anybody who goes to college can say that. Schools do a really crappy job of talking to students about how to get a job.
Menu isn't anything crazy but I think their approach with game meat and stuff was interesting.
