Whether you go for the yeard or not is not that important.  The question is why go back to being a boy when you're successful looking like a man?
" [G]oing from 65 to 68 or 70,” he [Jebb b} added. “And that, by itself, will help sustain the retirement system for anybody under the age of 40.” Anyone else catch the unstated subtext to this statement?  To me it's obvious that he is excluding raising the limit on wages subject to SS withholding--and lifting that, even eliminating that,--that would only effect the wealthiest--is contrary to the Bush Doctrine of protect the rich at the expense of the average guy, who must now toil in the Bush Field for 3 to 5  years longer before becoming eligible.  That's just not fair, but it's very "Bush!"
Yet again, jingoistic foreign policy, but absolutely no realistic way to pay for it--and that attitude raised the debt level of the US because of the unwarranted intrusion into Iraq, a Cheney "accomplishment!"  For me, unless these old guys who want war shouldn't be able to send the young to fight for the old guys' "priniciples" unless they state up front how they--and this includes their personal wallets--intend to pay for it.
At least you didn't panic and take it back to the wood, and that would have been worse and made the Shaver's Remorse harder.  Congrats on no panic!
*“If I’m president of the United States and you’re thinking about joining Al Qaeda or ISIL, I’m not going to call a judge,” he said. “I’m going to call a drone, and we will kill you.”*  No judge, no third party intervention to make sure your intel is right about the intent, it's more Republican shoot, fire, aim policy--it got us into Iraq.  "Tough guy" jingoistic nonsense.  Oh, and how is he paying for his "tough guy" policy--strangely quiet on that I think, maybe not so strange but just plain dishonest.
Raising the payroll cap alone, or eliminating it would do everything that's necessary--and more.  No need to go after investment income, a tricky thing to try to assess anyway.
Facing boldly to the past, he tries to move his candidacy forward.  Time, ideas and reality wait for no man, even if he is an elected US Senator.  He's now a man whom time &amp; history have passed by.
Well, then what is an "investment?"   One of the largest for most  Americans is their home--should profits on the sale of homes be subject to SS?  How do you distinguish between an interest in a cooperative apartment and a home, does it matter if property is held for rental?  It's a whole wide area and so it's a matter of practicality, wages yes, investments--too convoluted unless absolutely necessary.
Memo to Santorum:  "Physician" heal thyself!
A man cannot have "too much facial hair"!
Exactly--just more of what we have come to expect from the pandering to hate talk of GOP candidates to stir up the red neck vote--after all, why not, poor taste costs no more!
Good to choose a barber who sports facial hair.  Maybe you should consider his haircut if your receding hairline doesn't stop!  ;-)
Is "trust" an undefined metric as posed in the question more or less important that intelligence--a less subjective test.  I'll go with intelligence any day of the week.
Colin Powell got Bushwacked by W &amp; his henchmen.  Particularly offensive was sending him to the UN with bad information when they knew it was bad.  Powell was very much in line with those like Elliott Richardson in the Watergate scandal--he believed and knew that his duty was to the Nation &amp; Constitution and not the current AH sitting in the Oval Office.  Scary that these massive lapses in honesty always happen with one party!
Well, the beard will repair itself given some thoughtful neglect--the barber however probably never will learn to respect the beard.
They do a lot in Texas, but reading isn't one of them.  Just because this country had one president imposed on them by the Supreme Court and hoodwinked into reelecting him, doesn't mean that it will happen again--we hope.  Enough of showing that anyone can become President.
Since the Pontifex Maximus has his scientific credentials, perhaps the "devout" but nevertheless stupid Santorum should leave religious preaching to the clergy and not attempt to impose his beliefs on others through the agency of government unless he can show his credentials in religious and ethical disciplines.
Exactly, but the Bush family's financial support interests don't want to pay on their inflated salaries--Jeb is in line to try to be their third spokesman--too bad Nancy Regan didn't prevail and keep 41 out of office.
And Pyiush again demonstrates he's the leader conservative America wants, a guy who fearlessly takes positions that have no relevance to Americans, and could limit the ability of American manufacturers who would persist in ignoring the metric system.  But, the pound is a pound the world around and with Bobby, there's no bigger fool to be found.
Well, in defense of the few of us with operative (we hope) brains, Jindal did close the mental hospitals--now it's clear it was just a vote generating scheme.
Well, hetero it maybe, but the chief difference between Republicans and Democrats seem to be that the Democrats get it free,l and the Republicans pay for it, but maybe that's a building jobs concept.
Exactly--also there is a pun trying to form in my mind of the oldest profession in the world working with guys who are also paid to assume a given position!  I guess it's different when the Koch Bros. are paying! (OMG another potential pun!)
Well, it's Hypocrisy Be Thy Name, his father's pompous moral preaching is somewhat drawn into question when sonnyboy, who must have gone to Sunday School in his father's church, believes that this is "acting".  Fat, bad--really bad--toupee.  Another Republican who can't get it free showing what he thinks needs to happen to get a little!
Well if you want to look like a man, yes, but if you want to look like a boy, nope, not by a long shot.
Whatever the brand is, this Independent won't buy it or even walk across the street or down the block to look at it.
Then they act "surprised" when there is violence "started" by the Palestinians.  It's an "invaded" area, and this does nothing to help the Israeli image in the civilized world.  Do they care?
I understand the current government, but we here in the states don't hear much about the decent Israelis who oppose this treatment and recognize that it is self-defeating and contrary to the long term survival of the state--that is a failure of our news services.
I don't see a problem with the beard either, but if you want to look younger, a short buzz, even shaved above the ears, would take ten years off your appearance.
So why did you take a job with Schick or Gillette anyway?
This woman is the Queen of Trailer Trash!
Sounds like he believes in getting the votes in the pews!  Wonder if he receives communion in the pentacostal church?  That would set most priests' and bishops' teeth on edge--after all they don't recognize the ministers of those sects as having been ordained in the manner of the historic apostolic faith professed by Romans, Orthodox and Anglicans.
Good point, but does that support the US persisting in a position of remaining on a charming but archaic system--particularly when it results in our young being trained in a system that ultimately they will have to abandon if they wish to take part in a global economy?
Jindal's position that his  low recognition percentage when he first ran for governor account and excuse his current numbers is as looney as the run itself.  His low numbers now do not relate to his recognition factor, they relate to the low assessment of his performance as Governor.  Just today  in the same issue of the paper as this article is an advertisement setting forth the danger of closing hospitals due to his budgetary nonsense for the last 8 years.  For a guy who trumpeted himself as a health care specialist--he's significantly damaged health care in the State.
Oh, and don't forget, he's got credentials in science, something at least to this point Rick hasn't been able to match, except to believe that politicians somehow, magic I guess, can do it better.  Santorum may be devout, that I can't judge, but he sure is stupid--and he proves it every time he opens his mouth!
Good look, strong.  Never shave below the ears!
Boy, someone is trying to cover their A$$--but when it's as big as this guy's, that will never be a "Mission Accomplished."  Too much on record jingoistic BS to cover up--he's in it up to his neck.
This "Grover Norquist" pledge is effectively a violation of the Governor's and Legislators' oaths of office--and dishonest because they are following a "law" that has never been approved by the people &amp; electorate of the State of Louisiana.
Not an issue--and if you shaved your head, rather than tight buzz it would also emphasize the beard.
Game not over, looks good and goes well with the clean scalp.
So you guys at Faux News now propose that one crime forgives another?  One crime, the pedophilia, was committed on a minor, the other, extortion, was committed by a guy who had been wronged and may have thought he had no other avenue to regain something of what was taken from.  Hastert--jail, victim, suspended sentence.
Nice twist--and, in a bench trial--the creative discretion of an artist judge might just see it that way!
Wake up Republicans and Americans--Wolfowitz and the jingoistic neo-cons have a new spokesman.  They are itching for another old man's war and young persons' fight.
He's a "Bush" retread with the same advisers such as Wolfowitz who took this Country into an unnecessary war that cost the lives of thousands of America's young on the battlefield, trillions of our treasure, and hundreds of thousands of Iraqi civilian lives--and left us with a huge mess that will take decades to resolve.  So, maybe it's the electorate, and the Republican electorate at that at this point in the cycle, that is saying, "Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me!"  He'll never overcome his high negatives with Democrats and independents necessary to actually win--albeit, a characteristic that is universal among the current crop of Republican wannabes.
Okay, he also pro-life (i.e. against a woman's right to control her own body and have an abortion if she and her physician believe it is in her best interest) so is the real message here, "If you get pregnant without benefit of clergy, you can't get an abortion because I need to and think society needs to humiliate you because of your pregnancy!"  I can't interpret this any other way, and it's sick, demented and disgusting.  Picking up his stones like a good extremist Muslim, oh, I'm sorry--how does he tolerate that with his Roman Catholic "faith?"
An he opposes a woman's right to make a decision about abortions with her physicians!  Sort of makes a bizarre if sick sense--the woman would just be denying Jeb Bush of his ability to feel superior--a Bush family trait, and totally unsupported by the facts.
Perfect Republican "neo-con" response--and the reason the party has lost (albeit many by defacto expulsion) any sense of moderate politics.  It's red meat to the extreme right wing.
No, not home, please someone keep this twit away from LA, he's done enough damage!
It's only going to get better as it matures--all available hairs in growth cycle will probably be at "beard length" by six months--great now, it will be a fantastic growth then.  Why did you wait so long with such great genetics to move into the bearded life?
For guys who have male pattern baldness and those who just like the look, facial hair is a good balance.  Too many times without some facial hair there's just too much skin.  Looks good, have you ever tried a full beard?  Keep up the good work, and remember, no shaving below the ears!
The "H" in his father's name was for Hypocrisy and his boys got the full dose!
