I may be in the minority but I didn't like any of the movies you mentioned.  In fact, I haven't liked anything he's done since Reindeer Games and let's be honest, that wasn't a good movie, I just thought it was kind of dumb fun.  I'm just saying I've seen nothing at all that convinces me.  I'll wait for the movie but I'm skeptical.  That's all I'm saying.
Advantage was far and away the best for me.  When I was a kid i hated the original controller.  (Do you count the Game Genie as an accessory?  Cause I loved that thing.)  Worst?  Power Pad.  Never did a more useless shitpiece exist in this world.
I guess it's not specific to our era but I think childbirth will eventually go away.  As science becomes more advanced I think "test tube" babies gestated in labs will become the norm. It will remove the effects of childbirth on the body as well as the time and complications involved with pregnancy. Women won't have to take time off work any longer, for example.
That's true.  That's why the NES sitting in my closet is just sitting there today.    That aside, the stuff it could do for games was pretty damn cool.
I think we all knew that well before seeing the picture.
You know, a fella can google the shit out damn near anything.  But there's nothing really wrong with asking folks for personal experiences.  Next time you ask anybody here or even your friends or anyone anywhere for anything, pause for a moment and imagine them insulting you and saying "google it, loser."  The man asked a fair, legitimate, reasonable question.  Nothing wrong with that.
I honestly cannot imagine the show without Wes.
Perhaps I misread it and if so I apologize, but your response to OP seemed a bit condescending.    *Am I the only one that knows how to use google anymore?*  That seems to be the standard snarky response on reddit to anyone who asks a question that might not be too deep:  *Let me google that for you...*  Yeah, anyone can google, everyone knows how, I just assume when someone asks on something like this then they're looking for more than just the black and white, more than just some facts, they want some experiences, some real world information.    So just saying "google it" doesn't really help and seems like sort of a pissy response.  That's how I see it, maybe it's just me.
That's not true.  You can work at BofA and visit the Reagan Library and...and...and leave.
Sounds like he's overdue for his TJ surgery and a career ending stint in the bullpen.
Should've been a NEWSTIME magazine.
I've met baptists, catholics, jews and many other religious people who were wonderful, kind people.  I've met atheists and agnostics were total dicks.  And vice versa. There's different types of all people.  Sometimes you get the good ones, sometimes you get bad.  You've been lucky.  I can't say the same.
&gt;how much he hated being in Britain due to the politicians...our NHS  If he has issues with shitty politicians and a shittier health care system, the US is *really* not going to make him any happier.
Ex, huh?  So...she's single?
Move to Sun Valley!      ........said no one, ever.
That's not even the point.  From the truck to OP's porch motherfucker ought to at least pretend like it's a piece of mail for the customer not a turd somebody lit on fire and tossed at him and he can't get rid of it fast enough.    Think about it this way.  If you go into a store and want an item.  They don't keep it on the shelf, clerk has to go in back to get it.  No doubt that thing's been bounced all over creation and dropped and shaken and everything else before it ended up in their stockroom.  But the clerk is going to come bringing it to you in his or her hands like it's precious to you both and you expect that.  If the clerk comes out with it dragging on the ground and then tosses it at you with a hearty "fuck you very much for your patronage" then the fit gonna hit the shan, am I right?  Why should you expect a postal worker delivering your mail to be any less courteous and respectful of your mail?
bing?  That's still a thing?  Seriously, though, similarly I told a friend about it, someone who would never normally consider watching anything with "zombie" anywhere near it, but I just got her to watch it using the "it's Veronica Mars-ish" pitch and she's hooked.  Really well done little show, this one.
You don't say a bad word about Charlotte.  Don't you dare.  We gonna have words, you and me.
Nope.  Not at all.   Batman hassles Superman for about fifteen minutes, cut to the alley, "Do you bleed?" Superman hits him with a blast of heat vision, that's enough of that shit.  Rest of the film is a Superman movie not a Batman circlejerk.
At least she didn't ask for tree-fiddy.
The only thing you've made me think about is how and why the internet still has White Knights floating around.  Get back over to /r/gonewild and try to save some of those "lost souls" maybe you'll get lucky, who knows.  Whatever else, do everyone a favor and get over yourself.
To a certain extent that's true but as I told someone else, nothing in her life happened she didn't want to happen.
If she had given mindwarping bj's maybe I could understand but she wasn't particularly good at them.  She was enthusiastic when she was sober (which was rare) and just sloppy when she was messed up.
Quit complaining.  Few months from now when it's dark at 5 PM we're going to be longing for these days.
There were plenty of people who did it literally, so our guy is cool in my book.
I believe it's a habit people develop here after having to consistently swerve to avoid the idiots who just walk off the curb into the streets.
America, man.  Guilty until proven innocent.
You'll get there, don't worry.
I'd give up a Klondike bar.
I think it's a joke.  'Cause she appears to be taking a leak.  So..."leaked."
I hope he pulls through.
Exactly.  One more crappy year.  We can handle it.
He's the treasure.
Nick Cage.  That shit don't need an explanation.
Nick Cage.  He's been stuck in shit movie, joke status for a long time but he's actually a great actor when he tries.  If he were to show up in some indie flick or a Tarantino movie I could see it happening.
Right now he's damaged goods.  Box office poison.  He wasted his fortune and went broke, he was so in debt he had to do any and every movie he could to make a buck and a lot of those were rushing rivers of pure liquid shit.  In Hollywood you're only as hot as your last picture and the only heat off his movies has been the steam off the turds.  Consequently no one is willing to give him a chance on a big production because he's associated with the funk of flops.  All it takes is one good movie, though. Someone needs to come along and do for him what Tarantino did for Travolta with Pulp Fiction.
Maybe but I think that was the alternate ending on the dvd.  The version I remember after the fight he visits Adrian's grave, says something like "We did it" walks away and fades away.
This was a horrible, ridiculous, offensive piece of shit.
It was offensive to Southerners to think that they would have forced slavery into the 21st century, it was offensive to blacks to think they would have let themselves be forced into slavery in the 21st century...it was a completely ignorant, bigoted, narrowminded piece of trash.
I'm just glad my facebook feed is filled with rainbow flags instead of rebel flags.
I loved this damn game.  My buddy and I played this endlessly.  It was a little silly but just fun.
I guess we should just be relieved it's not for tommy john surgery.
I always liked it, but I think it was more a matter of it just always having been there.  Like the red undies. Now that it's gone I don't miss it.
Well...I don't know about anyone else, but I care about Katy Perry.
Came here to say this.  I know it went over like a fart in church but I thought it was a really good little movie.  Jim Carrey at his best, I think.  Even in his "serious" roles I feel like he overacts and hams it up a bit much.  Not so here.  I really felt like this was his best performance.
Am I wrong in thinking the audio quality of VEVO is crap compared to a lot of other uploads?
Just the valley?  That's some of the best food anywhere.  Ever.
He does a cover of Leonard Cohen's "Everybody Knows" on that album.  His version is pretty weak but you could have Cohen's version in mind, too.
He was almost done with Shrek.  That probably wouldn't have been as well regarded had he lived. Be would have done a number of B grade slapstick direct to dvd comedies. Maybe a pilot or two that never took off.  Then they would have somehow made him into Jeff Daniel's long lost brother in a Dumb &amp; Dumber spinoff.
That dude may have left it to the nuns but that doesn't matter.  Nuns are agents of the church and their propety is the church's property.  They may mistakenly believe it's theirs to sell or not sell, but the fact is that the church is the owner and only they can sell the property.   If she has the money and the means to purchase it and the church is prepared to sell to her there's no legal recourse to keep that transaction from proceeding.
