Given that it's a Japanese production there isn't much else they could do. The all Japanese cast and change of setting does seem like it'll take a lot away from the series' atmosphere though. While it bugs me, it's only one of many gripes I have with this what we've seen of this movie.
I think the description is stupid. The "facial and body form" excuse is bullshit, that's just the way Manga/Anime art is drawn. According to this text, every single character in any manga is Japanese.   The only things Japanese about the franchise are the author and Mikasa. Every thing else is western, from the setting to the characters. Even in the Japanese dub, the characters refer to each other by "First name" "Last name", like they would as Europeans. I also haven't heard many honorifics, though I may have missed those.
Mikasa becoming a Titan Shifter would be like reuniting the Triforce, given that she's already OP due to both of her parents' bloodlines. She might literally become the Asian War Goddess foretold in ~~Slap on Titan~~ the ancient prophecies.   I like her the way she is, as a demigod only, so I'd rather this not happen. Erwin for me.
You are right with a lot of what you say. However, SNK is definitely not set in Europe. If it is set on this planet, the dimensions of the walls, fauna, climate, physical geography (save for the ever increasing elevation towards the center), and cover art suggest it takes place in North America.  I also don't think it happens in the future, I think it happens in an alternate timeline which diverged from our own in the early 17th century. I have no idea where the calendar they use came from though (Maybe year 0 is Charlemagne's rule, given that he's the original Holy Roman Emperor).  Edit: Typos  Edit^2 : Why the hell is this getting downvoted, nothing I said is false or misleading.
The walls don't fit in Europe in the slightest, unless you go as far as Russia, which doesn't match the Geography at all. Remember that there are canyon-like deserts in the southern parts of the walls.  All those things you said could be explained by the fact that people from Europe fled to North America. They would have brought their culture with them.  Edit: I was wrong, no need to go as far East as Russia. But Eastern Europe still doesn't fit the geography.
Oh God, I still haven't gotten over the Japanese dub version.
It's all opinion obviously, but I really don't see what the problem is. They want to end the episode by emphasizing the effect and projected effect on his friends. Her hair is flicking because she's on a roof. It never struck me as a parody of other strong female characters
I doubt MT's power is that straightforward. Even if it is, he knows that he's fighting against the coordinate, so the presence of Titans wouldn't be to his advantage.
What a twist that would be. Someone call M. Night and offer him to adapt.
I honestly think it will tie in with "Before the Fall" or whatever that spinoff is called, since [Manga Spoilers](/m "it starts 70 years before the main series and we've already seen it progress through several years.  Wouldn't be surprised if Ymir ended up being the kid of the "Titan Child" and that noble girl he ran away with. It would explain perhaps why "her death made people happy", if the people refer to her noble family").
If it isn't what I said, then I believe they will at least run in to her at some point. Ymir said that it was 60 some years, so it may have been less than 60. There's some wiggle space. We also don't know how much people age while in titan form (whether aging is completely stopped or just slowed down), so maybe she changed as a 5 year old and emerged as a 10 year old or something. It just seems to tie in well with her understanding Historia's situation. I also doubt that before the fall won't tie in to the main storyline somehow. It's all speculation, but time will tell I guess.
I think so, I think Isayama co-authored it.
Not quite as bad as I thought. It seems like it will rise above Syfy quality after all. Still, so many movies look good in the trailer just to be horrible, so this trailer not being horrible still doesn't convince me.
I definitely agree. The 3DMG scenes were only shown for split seconds but still looked really bad.
I don't think Colossal has that, I think he just flees using the massive steam cloud as cover.
As disappointing as it is for humanity, there are many people who see this and the other sneak peeks and comment about how amazing it looks and how happy they are that "Evil America" isn't ruining the franchise. The irony kills me. Edit: Spelling
This is awesome, great work!
I always thought his head was shaped like a chestnut.
Knowing Kishi, I'm surprised Obito was never some "prophecy child" or something with a hidden power like that in his eyes.
Mikasa "Asian War Godess" Ackerman. She's genuine and unambiguous, she's been through hell more than any other character IMO, yet she still uses her tremendous natural power to pursue an ideal of "love", whereas Eren is mostly motivated by "hate", at least as far as the anime and early chapter go.
That's true, but I think it's both simultaneously
Yet ironically their supporters repeatedly scream in their echo chambers that "libtards" are the global embarrassment.
True. I hope this is a flaw of human nature we can eventually rectify for good
There's room for it, but it's one of the sides that is overwhelmingly cited by citizens of other nations to be a joke
And that is the true tragedy. So many people give no shits about space and are perfectly content with their children and their species living and dying on Earth without ever leaving it. All they need is to see some science fantasy like Star Wars to be satisfied
It's slightly less prevalent here in America. The most shocking is the apathy amongst young people. I don't know if you've seen the clip, but the segment on the Nightly Show where Bill Nye was a guest is an excruciating snapshot of the issue.
"Life is not fair" is the shittiest  excuse to not do the right thing. America's refugee screening it's much more thorough and Syrians can't just walk into our country like they can in Europe.   Not to mention that we, the United States, are the ones that were the biggest "contributors" to the creation of the current situation in that region. To refuse thousands of children because of the risk of a couple terrorists slipping through the screening is pathetic and cowardly
You're right, but an over-enthusiastic populace beats an apathetic one when it comes to backing projects.
Of course it depends on your system. Designating an area of study or system is an important part of science.
That depends of which definition of purpose you choose then I guess.
Because it's a step towards being able to transport humans safely throughout our system as well as a step towards permanent extraterrestrial settlement
Many. Other than being a proud achievement for humanity, which is good enough in and of itself, we could mine them for resources, many of which are rate on earth. We can use them as platforms to launch things into space with less gravitational and no atmospheric resistance. We can study the effects of Gs greater than 0 but lower than 1 on the human body. Provides a longterm path towards eventually going further in the Solar System and eventually beyond. Refueling and resupplying stations.  Indirect benefits would include a windfall of new technologies developed by the drive into space, like microprocessors were with the Apollo missions, as well as opening up space as a potential locating for more of the private sector, which would create a whole new part of the economy.   There is really no reason not to go.
I completely agree. I'm finishing up the mass effect trilogy now, and there's no doubt if that franchise had been in a medium like a TV series, it would not have the same emotional impact at all. As far as storytelling and character building go, games have the potential to blow movies away
Your opinion is what I would expect. On the advice of a previous redditor, I will look up the original ending to try and put myself in the shoes of a day 1 gamer. I'm just shocked at how this complaint showed up in recent Andromeda threads.   The Deus Ex that bothers me the most, especially as an engineer, is that the Alliance could begin building this Galaxy Changing Device within a few months without being able to understand what it would ultimately do or how it worked.  However this issue is present from the beginning and is therefore easily accepted by the end, at least for me.
A response to your second edit.   I had heard of that but I thought it was just a rumor. Is it confirmed? I honestly probably would have preferred that ending. Makes more sense from pretty much every perspective. However, it doesn't improve much on the current ending regarding your earlier choices in the trilogy, which is the complaint I have beef with.
MVP.  Thank you so much. I have all the DLC. I'll definitely get JAM and the Anderson one. I'm conflicted about CEM, because chronologically it works both during and after ME3, but thematically it only works after. I'll probably save that mod for this summer when I replay the series, especially if it bugs out for me like it seems to have done for you.
That is true, whether or not they are expressed though may come after conception. Either way, it's completely irrelevant to abortion
I see what you're saying, but sometimes events are out of the hands of the people participating. I'm satisfied that my choices decided whether or not my companions survived and with the EC I get to see the effect on the races I saved or didn't etc.  While I'm also sad that there was no happy ending (though high EMS destroy seems to be implied to be a happy ending), I understand that Shepard couldn't beat the odds forever and that he wouldn't make it back, especially after mine's farewell to Liara. I still don't really see how they could have included the choice at the end of ME1 and stuff like that to the ending, so I can forgive it.  But you make fair points, I guess it's down to different perspectives
I don't really mind not having Shepard, but no Liara, Garrus or Tali has me ultra sad. However, it's hard to love what you don't know yet. No matter how pessimistic anyone is about the new game thinking it might be subpar due to perceived failings in ME3 or ME2, one thing that remained constant (or even got better) throughout the series was the quality and depth of the characters. Hell, even James, whose character archetype screams boring and one dimensional, turned out at least average.  I have no doubt that the new cast will match, or at least come close to, the old one in quality. However, until I get through at least a full game, I'll be longing for more content with the aforementioned trio.
You can definitely argue that. However, it seems to me like Shepard keeps it together after that death, whereas seeing the kid causes him to start losing it
My Shepard was pretty Paragon, but I still think it would be nice if you could break Omega's one rule.
I didn't realize Titan had such a thick atmosphere. Thank you for your answer, instinctively I assume that 2 points of view trump one but I wasn't sure if it was the case here given the scale of what is being observed.
Really? I'll have to give that a shot one day
You overestimate my powers haha but I'll give your idea a chance
It's so great and motivating. The first 20 seconds are gold, they always have me turning my head up to the stars.
Oh crap I got the song wrong, I thought this was the Ending Reprise. Yeah I love the entirety of the song you posted. I hope it's the credits song of the movie when they make it
Nope, she survives and rubs the fact that everyone else is dead because you took too long in your face. It was painful
Plugging my comment about Aria from the potential romance thread.  &gt; Looking back, I kinda wish she had been a potential squadmate in ME3. The extra slot would have been filled by Samara if paragon and by Aria if renegade or if Samara is dead. It makes sense to me because they are a bit of a mirror image of each other, and also because Aria sitting in Purgatory doing nothing seems completely out of character, since she knows what a threat the Reapers are and that she would get the opportunity to weaken Cerberus by joining Shepard. Extra bonuses from that would be to get to see her point of view of all the different situations Shepard finds himself in, a possible romance with Shepard and possible confirmation of her being Aleena by Wrex. Seeing them reunited would be a great scene.
The same reason why I don't wanna plug myself into the matrix
In all seriousness, I would love this as an Easter egg. Star Wars is supposed to be set in the ancient past, so its Galactic civilization falling since then isn't impossible by any means.
