Have you received a diagnosis? Are you getting counseling to help with the problem?
I don't think you fully appreciate exactly how much you don't want to do this.
I assume he's being blackmailed and he's trying to tell us that something is wrong.
That's actually brilliant. It's a shame it sounds like a slur.
Just buy a damn pipe like a normal person.
"Phobia of cigarettes?" Really dude? You should be rethinking your career path.
I question the demand. Their video presents gas stations as this massive drain on time, but I just can't imagine that people really feel that way. If I'm in the car driving, I'm always going to be driving right past a half-dozen gas stations. The only way I can imagine using this service is if they were somehow quite a bit cheaper than anything else.
That just sounds like a really odd clause. I'm not convinced you aren't misremembering it.
How do you think I got all of my comment karma?
~~He should have his doctor call in another scrip, or just go without.~~ He won't have any withdrawals unless he's using way too much.  If you go through a TSA checkpoint with this and get caught, you're going to get arrested.
Totally agree. He should sue, but damned if I'd ever expect to collect. This was a lesson that cost more than my Bachelor's.
It's absolutely grounds for termination or corrective action.  On the plus side, you may learn firsthand that welfare isn't only for people who don't want to work.
It's hilarious to me that people who misunderstand government functions like welfare also misunderstand government functions like enforcement of the first amendment.
We should do a /r/fictionallegaladvice thing for the next April Fools' day, like /r/askhistorians did.   Although about 50% of our questions are already fictional.
Nobody thinks they're one of *those* welfare people, but everybody thinks they're the majority of welfare recipients. That stigma makes so many people afraid of getting the benefits they have a right to, it's really quite sad.
Maybe he's not quite as employable as he's lead us to believe.
Keep working remotely until they fire you for not going onsite. Then collect unemployment.
Scam.
Good point.
Jesus. Screw legality, are you interested in ever working again?
He did. Just now. I'll agree with him, this is petty.
A lawyer you hire would be telling you the same thing. They can sue, and it would be expensive. You'll likely do more damage to yourself than anyone else.
That's the thing. . .  Unless you're some righteous whistleblower, there's no good reason to be airing dirty laundry in the first place.   Do what you like, and have fun being sued.
I'm honestly not sure if the law says one way or the other, but I'm sure someone else will weigh in. It's tricky. On the one hand, I feel like that's not a very good reason to deny a handicap tag. On the other, I don't like the idea of a doctor having to write a prescription against his will.  Because this is going to effect more people than just you, I think I would call a local disability attorney and see if you can get a free consultation. Many cities have non-profits that do this kind of work all the time.
It doesn't sound like he's refusing to pay, so much as he's demanding that you also pay him. Did you break the cups? If so, you probably owe him for them.
Once you've reached this point criminal charges are the least of your concerns. He should be more worried about a big brother or dad.
Nah. It was still an asshole thing to do to the poor kid phonebanking you, though.
Sounds like you handled it exactly perfectly.
Don't worry. He'll get six weeks into his first real job before they realize their horrible mistake and shitcan him.
That feels a little broad. I sure wouldn't sign that as an employer. That wording makes it sound like I'd be paying your lawyer bills if you get a DUI off work.
&gt;It's a viscous continuum and sue me for putting an end to the whole pointless exercise.  Do me a favor. Print that sentence off and save it. In five years, I want you to read it again. You need the opportunity to appreciate exactly how silly you sound.
C'mon, man. Don't wish that on his peers.
I'd recommend trying /r/RBNLegalAdvice. They'll do a better job of blowing smoke up your ass.
After the statute is up? No, that's impossible. After they first investigate the crime? Sure.
If you have to find a loophole to live somewhere, you need to find a different place.
I mean, it sounds like it could very well be a manufacturer problem. Having shitty products isn't illegal, or McDonald's would have gone out of business years ago.  It seems like they got their money back, so I'm really not sure what else they could really expect.
The point of the fine is to get you to mow the lawn. They set it high enough to make sure you'll mow the lawn next time, but not so high that you won't pay it. It's the same logic behind parking tickets and the like.
It's a cellphone and you know it. Nobody owns calculators anymore.
Eventually OPs will start to accept that "making me happy" is a pretty good reason to do things.
Or it's a troll that read the article. That's my money.
You're asking if it's legal for a friend to ask him out for drinks and ask questions? No, I don't think that's gonna rise to the levels of harassment.   Is there a reason why his former employer might be trying to dig up dirt on him? If all he's got is friends asking questions, I worry for your friend's mental health.
It's for sure extortion, you can call the police.  Still, your felony charge is a matter of public record, and almost certainly something your school has asked about on your application. If you lie on that application you will have committed fraud. If and when they find out you'll be kicked out of the school.
Jesus. You hit about 10PM eastern and shit just gets wacky around here.
You should ask the attorneys who will need to travel about their travel expenses. That can get expensive quickly.
I bet they end up getting off after the appeals process is done with. They may not even get convicted. None of that is a cheap proposal, though.
Because somebody decided to ask me rather than you on the last thread, what are you being charged with?
Is there a question here? Or just a somewhat uninteresting anecdote?
It's Berkeley in the 70's, man. He's still burned out.
I blame Harvard. Besides, Kaczynski wasn't at Berkeley for the really fun parts.
Yeah, the OP of this post wasn't flippant or insulting at all.
