Nobody takes the world cup away from america right when the American team was starting to do well and Americans were starting to get interested
Ive noticed the best way to make a paint job look good is to make it clean, which is extremely hard to do with white. Excellent job sir
Idk man first putin and now NK? I think its bad when ur enemies want a certain guy
Afc-nfc? How fucking boring
Meh its OTA's
Ehhh i just watched jurrasic park yesterday; alot of this BEST CGI EVEN TODAY talk is just nonsense. What jurrasic park did do well is realize that cgi looks fake so they did everything they could.to.minimize that by adding in other things to obscure the viewers line of site. However one of the most cringe worthy moments is when the games.keeper gets jumped.and they're just holding a palm in front of the camera while the dude writhes around on the ground with a raptor.
Always gonna be a lot of love for a gunslinger, leading the league in INT's be damned.
Wtf are you talking about? Football isn't some arcane secret you can only learn by playing; you can definitely identify terms, deficiencies etc etc. Besides its not like ex players and coaches are better. Even current players and coaches do dumb stuff and think dumb stuff all the time.
People who like warcraft will have this be a 10/10 people who dont will be 6-7/10.   The 1/10 scores and battlefield earth comparisons are mind boggling
Because this guys being silly. The movie isnt trying to look "real" its trying to look like warcraft which it does in spades.  Seems like there's a lot of people who are pretty jelly that they don't get it.
I actually think people expected the entire lotr trilogy. Which is the nature of memories but isnt fair considering tht its only 1 movie. That being said id say wc1 holds up to fellowship alone
Relisten to the soundtrack. The soul of all the warcraft music is there. The music is great.
Yea the way they turned the wizard fights into them using their wands like guns was silly.
Am i the only one who hates when people say "you had one job" when clearly the person had many more than that?
Meh its not like fitzpatrick has an amazing track record  hes 43 and 61 career total w/l and has been on 6 different teams. So unless he suddenly figured out how to play pro ball at age 33 I'm gonna bet his success had more to do with the jets as a team than his qb play
Ehh thats kind of taking this talk in a different direction; obviously wow plays with real life uses of certain things but the fantasy and the theme is still there.  The fantasy of a marksmen hunter doesn't have me using a bow it has a nice longrifle with a scope
Their devs are considered top tier by what standard? That they dick around on the forums of their free game?
I think its much more like audiences google the movies out, and pick the one with the highest rotten tomato score
I dont understand how you can read the books and prefer yen
Its the better ult
Many many dont and many many get degrees in shit thats useless
This is why you fucking decline
How the fuck was that not intentional grounding? He fucking spiked it
My favorite part is Crab's disbelief that its actually happening. Like "what the fuck did that guy really just walk up to me specifically to break my chain?"
Nah this is the most bullshit excuse people come up with to hate on Obama. He's the fucking commander in chief of the armed forces, if an armed forces operation goes well he gets credit.   Lincoln gets credit for navigating through the civil war, but he sure as shit never fired a shot. Wilson gets credit for WW1, pretty sure he wasn't in no trenches Roosevelt gets a hella boost for WW2 but you damn well know he wasn't in Normandy.  Bay of Pigs was a massive embaressment for Kennedy, but he wasn't on those beaches My Lai was a major blow to Johnson, but he wasn't out there gunning down villagers  You don't get to pick and choose and go nuhuh Obama doesn't get credit for that because he didn't personally pull the trigger.
Just be honest and say what you want, you want a long term relationship with someone who also likes bdsm  No need for codes or secrecy.
Yea absolutely its because theres an issue with the rules and it hasnt been addressed. The only thing in the book right now that addrrsses certain situations is palpably unfair im all for adding more standardized or routine ways of handling it however until that happens id rather not the refs just allow teams abusing the rules to be rewarded is all.
I think it would be naive to say that race didn't play a part. Now I certainly don't think John Boehner or Mitch McConnel were like GET THE DAMN NEGRO OUT THE WHITE HOUSE. But I certainly feel like the absolutely extreme overreaction by the far right to his election was motivated in race which in turn pulled the party further and further to the right.
idk if you view the NFL through rose colored glasses as a pats fan but the last 15 years have been the same teams in competition, and the same teams as bottom feeders.   I'm not saying turn arounds can't happen, its just that they are preceded by getting players on the team and actually building.  Winning in the NFL isn't some improbable coin flip.   Furthermore if you want attention in mega-market like LA you need to be a consistent winner.
Lame that making the playoffs exempts you. Basically means we're always stuck with meh teams
It will decimate keeps if left alone, I think combined with general of hell a demonic invasion on a keep can take out half its health or more depending on the placement of the secondary turret.   If I want to dunk I take black pool  If I want to win I take invasion and drop it on enemy buildings every cooldown.
Not viable, just better.  The beam as it is is viable because it forces the target to run around, if they happen to be hit by cc then it does pretty damn good damage. It also is an instant "I win this duel" button. Either they sit there and tank purifier and die or they run away.
It is illegal and against copyright   So take that information as you will.
Every other industry is able to maintain standards of customer service  without requiring "tipping" to pay their employees.  If you feel you deserve a "commision" thats something you negotiate with your boss. Not an onus to put on a customer. I'm there to eat and have a good time; not worry about suddenly being directly responsible for your wagerate.   All other commissioned employees take their cut off the list price of the product. There is nothing different or special about being a waiter that means that should be different.   Especially when there are other countries were tipping isn't a thing and they manage to have high quality restaurants with dedicated waitstaff just fine
Most progressive would be the hots team. Yes im being pedantic
I feel like his AP build is fantastic if you cant AA effectively against a certain comp. He turns into a chromie that punishes you for getting close and bawwwgawd guillotine is dirty
Get the nexus bundle its the same cost of buying a game
Get better internet/computer. Twitch streaming has a delay
Cant wait till salty texans fans start shining lazers at this game and the ensuing shitstorm because this game isn't in mexico city
Fundamental flaw in comparing tazdingo to guillotine is that guillotine is a VERY safe ult
Bullshit there are plenty of ways to make football less dangerous that wouldn't impact the excitement of the game.   Starting with actually punishing dirty/dangerous hits as opposed to touchdown dances.   Players want to win, and if they know that laying a dirty hit will end with a hefty penalty followed by a fine and possible suspension they'll stop doing it.  Until then we'll have shit like this because Dupree knows that knocking the QB out of the game=win.
idk after his twitter tirade against participation trophies where he basically threw his kids trophies away, I'm pretty sure he's an asshole.
How do you figure? The ability power build allows you to do damage from a much safer distance than auto attacking
She learned the lesson that you're a terrible enough person that you can justify theft over 3 minutes wait?
Any insulting terms for any politician.  If you're calling him obummer or donald dunce you probably dont knowwhat you're talking about
You're ruining the fantasy.
Nah thats theft lol.
Founding father used here in very loose terms
Alternatively : waitstaff treating customers like shit
I don't think you know what zipper merging is
