And the order is shoot to kill
The best part is, iirc someone mentioned that this would be a shower thought within a day.
Probably like most recipes of this type, they don't taste like shit, but they also aren't "good", but it's better than most alternatives so it gets described as amazing.
You'd think if it was life changing you'd never forget the location?
And everyone act like 5 was never a thing :)
Toy Story 1 is horrible (imo) compared to 2 and 3. I didn't like it when it was the only one in the series.
You posted this 7 hours after the top post got it right and you got the gold? What an awful world we live in. (congrats)
If it's a hill climb you have a point. Otherwise momentum doesn't mean anything unless he would have to slow a lot.   To be fair you do see it most on hills where the lighter load will be passing up Hill and heavier will gain ground down hill
Wow that's fucking bullshit. CLEARLY got there before the tag. The only thing they could say is he was still tagged the millisecond he had his left hand off the base
Glad someone called out the no hitter right before this inning started.
Funny you say slow when on his last hit the exact words were "Colabello is too fast"
I don't even know what the hell I'm looking at. Buy a new tv son
We're on reddit, got about a 50/50 chance of it being true
Can't believe it's come to a point where games with no release date can be preordered. It could be 16 months away
I'm pretty sure you can. You can pull the goalie for a player and put him back in on the fly so not sure why you couldn't switch goalies.
Yeah, fuck him for being sick.
I wonder why these type of ads aren't automatically blocked by adblock? I'm already running it.
Ad block doesn't block these ads without custom rules.
I hear this all the time regarding fallout and it is such bullshit. First of all there are VERY few co-op games and co-op games of this quality basically don't exist.   Secondly, how exactly does co-op affect the game? With a second person following you around you would still experience the exact same game and story they would just be experiencing the same thing as well. Like EVERY other co-op game whether you play by yourself or with a friend the story doesn't change.   Finally, it wouldn't affect you at all. Clearly you wouldn't want to play co-op, so you wouldn't and therefore having that mode has no affect on your experience of the game.
Good thing Collabello switched to basically walking halfway down the baseline. That's why I like players that hustle, you never know what could happen.
Very unlikely, even though he's barely a major league level pitcher anymore
Yeah it was much better to do this than to just stay with Loup. He's only good for two pitches. Fucking useless manager
Yeah, but I'm kind of saying if you literally didn't have anyone left for whatever crazy reasons. I know it would pretty much be impossible to go through all 5 starters and bullpen as well as the bench.
Yeah, but it would basically have been a reskin/update of Fifa 13, 12, 11, 10,9, 8, 7 or whatever the last actual game was that was developed for the system. Its not like a whole new game/engine was created for the system.
You can't see why people would want to play their own music on their PS4?
Unfortunately, it's complete horse shit. When you see the guy 10 feet down and bullets are flying past him at 1000 feet per second. It's now put huge holes in several movies and pisses me off every time I see it.
"kid" heh.   That you think people should be carrying around a laptop to get shitty audio for when they play games is hilarious. You have no idea what you're talking about. It's literally the most requested feature, that's proof enough that people want it.   Also, speaking of "majorities" you think a majority of people own a laptop? AND those people want to either listen to music from it's trash speakers or hook up speakers to it which play over the game audio in the room (which isn't the same as listening to it mixed through the ps4) OR use headphones to completely block out all game sound.  Brilliant. You must be an astronaut.
While I agree on wanting folders, the apps and games I'm using are always the first few on the list. If I'm going back to play an older game, then yeah I have to scroll across one time, but that's not exactly a common occurrence.
Well luckily what they make doesn't count as pizza
Correct, and it's awesome
True but it's still large if it were made a state.
Yep needed to be women thrown through shelves in this and the kid kicked through a wall. But they just stand around watching and acting appalled
When I say "behind a vehicle" I'm referring to following them down the road/highway. Not a situation where someone does something retarded. In any normal situation, you should never not be able to stop before running into the car in front of you.
Eh I like the presentation..or I did for the first 100 hours or so. However the same situations have the same exact calls over and over again within games with little or no variance.   Every single game, when I throw a change in the first inning the announcer goes on a rant about how you want to show the changeup early in the game, which is actually new commentary, but I've already heard it 50 times in a couple days  I'd actually like to see a list of all the different commentary there is, maybe 100 lines?  Edit: As for the NHL games, the commentary is ridiculously repeated as well. "Geometrically" every second pass
Joey is probably stoned just from shoulder bumping Snoop
You should be proud, Snoop Dogg is a joke
Pretty long and hard dong too
There are a lot of succesful rich and famous jokes, do you not think so?
I think you mean Dosh Johnaldson
Atleast he didn't smash it....150 feet straight up
Not gonna continue the hit streak watching pitches like that
A rock would probably make it to home plate faster than his pitch
2/6 = half ;)
I loved EE basically shoving the reporter out of his way
Does it make you feel better that it's a french town?
You just reworked the same joke from the one other reply to that comment, congrats
While it's a fan interpretation, I actually believe it makes so much sense that it's basically the hidden truth of the movie. The only water that would hurt them was holy water, etc. Too much sense
Good to see that people still haven't figured out a "punchable face" is not someone that annoys you as a person who has a face. It's someone's face that makes you want to punch it because of how it looks without knowing anything about the person.
You know freedom of speech doesn't exist on a privately owned website right? You can't go into a grocery store and start yelling whatever you want, you'll get kicked out. Learn what the hell you're talking about.
So-So, probably chinese
