They say that until there is a fire and guess who the first person to get a finger pointed at is going to be.
Seeing as there is no 'i' between the 'v' and 'ous', no it isn't.
It's just because we have the Internet now that it seems so consistent. Not saying that it makes any of it justifiable, but you get national and world wide news now, instead of local only.
If only I had a bunch of white croissants to make stone statues at the top of all of my buildings like the Parisian Restaurant.
ITT: people who don't know the difference between a spoiler and an airfoil.
The lights going through Kensington all the way up to the University is a completely separate problem. As much as it slows down traffic a bit, southbound doesn't bottleneck anything close to as badly as northbound.   They need to look as sinking Crowchild through that whole corridor through Kensington and designing similar to how Glenmore is now.
Of course I'm a little angry. Multiple other people are arguing against you, multiple codes have been brought up showing that you are wrong, direct definitions from the code book for the differences between a washroom and a bathroom. And you're still just like "Meh, not in my opinion."
From the factory, the receptacle and switches should be pretty much the same distance out from the wall as the front of the faceplate, as long as you have the same brand devices and faceplates.   Sounds like you're just extra picky about stuff like this, which is fine. But just remember that you can always tighten them a little more, but once you've over tightened, then you've got to take the whole thing off to bend the ears back.
I blame Glee.
I absolute love vip's customer bridge, but I almost threw my mouse across the room while trying to terraform and line two of them up close enough so that it wasn't noticable.  Something with roads right in the asset would be amazing. But annoying that you couldn't change them at the same time.
You must value your time at like $5/hr if you think the $300 in savings is worth the time you're going to waste doing this.
&gt;* bond water heater pipes in garage,  Bare #6 is pretty expensive (or at least not cheap)  &gt;* correct "double lugging" in breaker panel,  Depending on how many are double lugged, this could require as many as 10 new breakers, and if the new require AFCI, can cost up to $30 each  &gt;* install three GFCI outlets in kitchen (replacing existing non-GFCI outlets),  If you've got kitchen plugs fed with 14/3, which is common in older houses, this can't be done with a simple GFCI outlet, you need a 2-pole GFCI breaker which can be $100 each  &gt;* replace GFCI outlet on deck and install new water proof cover,  Pretty simple, nothing fancy  &gt;* install dimmer (already purchased) in living room  Again simple  &gt;-- for labor and parts (excluding the dimmer switch which I've already bought), I'm being quoted **~$700**.  With everything listed above, I'd say that's a pretty big price. Plus, you live in SF, which from what I've seen in the new recently, costs about $2000/month to rent a cardboard box. People need to pay their rent, including the electrician you are hiring. Not to sound rude, but if you can afford to live in San Fransisco, you can afford $700.
I observe that you need to put on a tin foil hat and avoid the mothership when it comes for us.
You're honestly probably okay to put it on just a 20a with 12gauge wire, I'm sure others will disagree with me though.   Once the area you are heating is up to the temperature you want it at, it's very unlikely that the heater will ever run for for more than 3 hours at a time unless you open a window right beside it.
Not trying argue that whipping your phone out to snap a picture isn't unsafe, but I'll bet that everyone creeping by them is going no more than 10kph, if not slower.
I don't believe they are judged, but you are able to text in a vote for which one you think is the best.
Looks way better, still have unnecessary service loops on your neutrals though. I always leave a small one on my hots in a house panel just in case, but your neutrals will never need to move.
They wouldn't have a drug counseling course to take to allow you to re-apply after 6 months if they wouldn't possibly accept you. They probably didn't just make the course so a bunch of you could take it with absolutely zero chance of getting in after completing it.
Listening to music loud enough inside that other people find it distracting/annoying is a perfectly valid thing for her to ask you to not do. As for vaping, I think people who think it's okay to do it inside because it's not a cigarette are just as ignorant, or even more so, than actual smokers.
The problem with this second one is you have that intersection right after the ramp from the highway, so the lane your cars will be coming in to is a lane that allows turning to the right (going up on your picture), that's causing your problem of them instead going up to the right, and then back one intersection later.  Yes, the AI can be annoying sometimes, but once you know how it works, it really isn't that difficult to make it work how you want it to.
If you want the game to run perfectly smooth, buy a $1200 CPU, not a $700 GPU.
Do you get money or something for pushing these books? I've seen you link them more than once. Don't give an explanation or a free link, but here, buy this book!
I really don't see the point. You have literally taken up more room with highways, than you have with actual RCI, so I can't imagine that the area would even accumulate enough traffic to make use of the roads. You've got a road network that could move hundreds, if not thousands of vehicles efficiently, in an area so small that barely any traffic will use it.  It does look really good though.
As it is not poured concrete, and also very easily removable. I'd find it very hard for you to convince anyone to consider pavers a concrete slab.
Doesn't want pendants because she wants to ceiling open, doesn't want tracks because they look bad, doesn't want pots because they're boring. This is literally every option.   If she doesn't want anything hanging, put in pot lights, and tell her she should have made a decision quicker.   I also like that pendants are too clunky and she's got an ugly surface mount fluorescent in her kitchen.
Going to start the grammar/spelling nazi theme on this subreddit? My phone didn't autocorrect or show it as spelt wrong, so I didn't even notice.
Standing on the right and walking up the left actually slows down escalators. Because the majority of people just stand to go up them, cramming them all on just half of it just causes a way bigger pile up at the bottom, just to let the dozen or so people who want to walk have an entire half.   Its just like lineups at grocery stores or the movie theatre, the quickest way is to make a single line for all of the tills, not an individual one. If someone is slow at one till, it slows down everyone equally. It may take you personally a little longer to get through the line, but the line as a whole will get through quicker.   But look at me, posting something about waiting your turn in line and being patient in /r/Calgary, the city with the most impatient, self centered arrogant drivers in the world.
Ya, doing what you're supposed to do while driving, so generous.
We get it, you don't like AL/CU wire nuts because of something you saw in first year school probably. If you search for "purple wire nut fire" like you said, you get about a dozen pictures of melted wire nuts, and hundreds of thousands that are fine.  These were probably all installed incorrectly, and because there are pictures of them half in tact, that means the entire house didn't fucking burn down. The wire nut melted, touched the grounded box, and tripped the breaker, JUST LIKE IT'S SUPPOSED TO DO!  You don't have to go on a vendetta and downvote/verbally disagree with everyone who recommends using them, or does use them.
You mean a dusty illegible nameplate isn't enough info for you? Amateur. /s
Surprised you guys aren't complaining about the zip ties yet.
Why is that excessive? You plug it in at night and go to bed, it's charged in the morning. Or do you need to drive 250 miles somewhere tomorrow?
They are never going to make the adapter because Tesla will not ever allow anyone to make the adapter. The Tesla plug does a "handshake" with the car when you plug it in, and this will not work with other vehicles.
Complaining about something like this is what makes you the asshole tenant. No neutral was required in switches until like 8 years ago in the US to future proof, we still aren't required to have a neutral in switches in Canada because switches that require a neutral are a fairly new thing.   Do you really expect every building in the country to upgrade their wiring every time a new code comes in to play?
Is it 1974? Aluminum on branch circuits? Really?
Pretty sure it's just because you don't have a space between the exclamation mark and square bracket.
Jealous?
You need to stop.
Ya, I can see that happening at higher voltages for sure. Porbably why they aren't made.
You really need to post pictures of inside both switches. Your description is about as vague as it gets.
Second this. Leaves room for future expansion and/or future EV plug.
You mean not easy?
So you basically only want to volunteer if it means you can go somewhere new to update your social media with pictures?
And if it weren't for those alarms, your building could have potentially burnt down. Get mad at your dumb neighbors for setting them off, not at the device for doing what it's supposed to.
Ya, just beat on the people living in a third world country, how nice.
Olive oil obviously, cook some eggs while you're at it.
I'm not defending it, but unless you can give me more of a reason than "it's not okay", then I'll give you more than "it's fine".
Sounds like these people need to get over themselves and realize that a frickin access point isn't going to ruin the ambiance of their art gallery.   This is like homeowners of custom houses who want a million lights, but no switches on any of the walls because they dont look good. So you offer them automation options to reduce the switches from like 8 on a wall to 2 multi button keypads, but then they're pissed at the price. LIGHTS NEED SWITCHES, get over it!
I've never really liked GE stuff anyways, Square D or Cuttler Hammer, GE is rarely even on the spec sheet as an acceptable alternative.
This will likely not work out. American 220V is much different than yours. We have 2 hots, each with 120V to get 240V, and use a single hot and neutral to get 120V. This works completely differently than having a single hot with 240V and a neutral with it.   I don't recommend trying this. Also, ruining the dryer is not worth than dying, like your post says.
