Just bomb some ISIS shithole instead.
In cases like this I envy the islamic nutjobs for being able to flogg their criminals.
Better safe than sorry.
Where did I say that this should only apply to muslims? I think you need to adjust your trigger threshold, son.
Anyone notices how the newspaper writes this story as if a false rape accusation was just a peccadillo? The story pretty much focuses only on her, while ignoring her victims and the potential life-destroying consequences of her allegations. She doesn't get criticized for her behaviour at all, instead they print the ridiculous shit her lawyer said. "It's an extraordinary case of a young woman of good character who found herself committing an extraordinarily serious offence, it's inexplicable in many ways." "It was an outburst of anger, **albeit she had a great deal to be angry about,** it's an outburst." Sure, having to wait for your ride home totally legitimates fals rape allegations. It was basically self-defense. Bonus: it was totally neccessary for the story to have 5 glamour shots of her.
How you can still hold a WC in a country like russia that brings war to his neighbours and even annexes them is beyond me.
Well, maybe the need to stop being apolitical...
&gt; even less justified  Are you kidding me? The russian invasio has ZERO justification. None! In the Budapest Memorandum in 1994 the russians even guaranteed the teritorial integrity of Ukraine.
Another great example of "do as I say, not as I do".
In the end, evil always turns on itself.
You're right. I completely forgot that the US annexed Iraq.
I don't buy it. Look at the pic with the basketball rim. Pepperonis and cheese stay too much in place. Looks like a rubber pizza.
Who needs a watch these days? Don't people have smartphones?
Is it possible that their "cultcha" of gloryfing the "thug life" has something to do with it?
We need to start to put some serious sanctions on Russia.   1. Take away WC2018   2. Kick them out of SWIFT   3. Seize the assets of russian Oligarchs that live in the west
History has taught us one thing: appeasement is bullshit.   For 3. point: just make them prove that they got the assets legally
Imho there's no reason to run something like Ætherspouts anymore. Just run a 3rd Crux of Fate.
The problem is the double standard:   14 yo boy has consensual sex with a female adult: His sexual activity is seen positive. "He should be happy", "[Nice!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYt0WbDjJ4E)", "Now he's a man" and as someone has mentioned, it's described as "they had sex" and not "she abused him". The boy is not seen as a vulnerable child or a victim. The woman is not seen as a pedophile or sexual predator.   14 yo girl has consensual sex with male adult: Her sexual activity is seen negative. "He took advantage of her", "She lost her innocence", "He manipulated her" and it's usually described as "sexual abuse" and not "the had sex". The girl is seen as as avulnerable child and a victim. The man is seen as a pedophile or sexual predator.   It's not always like this but I think we can agree that this is the common narrative.
&gt; but my complaint is that how people are so against that, that the very idea of any boy having sex with an older person, and enjoying it, is absurd.     Dude, are you with NAMBLA?
Nice try, Google, tricking us into helping you for free.
I don't know who is dumber here, the idiot who gave away the HQ or the idiot who revealed how they got this info.
You know what I really would like to see from her? The results of an independent psychological evaluation of her. Now THAT would be interesting.
This is so fucked up. Dude should rot in prison.
This is not a 5:45 breakfast. This is a 10:45 breakfast.
Islam isn't all it's cracked up to be.      BTW: The word "craic" or "crack" is said to have derived from the Middle English word crak, which means "loud conversation, bragging talk." In some parts of the world, the term crack is used to mean "news" or "gossip," which led to the expression "What's the crack?" That is similar to asking: "What's the news?" When understanding the word in this context, I could possibly see the phrase originating from something as described below:      When it comes to news or gossip, it's not unheard of for a person to speak boastfully about someone or something. For example, a friend may speak highly of a particular restaurant, saying the food there tastes incredible. Due to your friend's positive review, you decide to check the place out for yourself, only to be extremely disappointed. Hence, you might say the restaurant they boasted so much about, or their crack, failed to meet expectations. The place wasn't all it was bragged (or cracked) up to be.      Davy Crockett, a politician, used the phrase in the year 1835 when he commented on someone running for president:   "Martin Van Buren is not the man he is cracked up to be."
How can people not get annoyed by this?
Some clear win conditions would be nice.
Just bulking up, dude.
Only if we tell them to.
Get rid of the Mardu Charms, they are terrible. Play two Valorous Stance instead.
Thailand is basically on the brink of a civil war. The king is one the few things both sides love and respect. Thais are very proud of their country and their king. Just because people like you have lost all respect for religion, culture or institution doesn't mean you have the right to call them savages.
I think she's already plotting your demise.
Some decent, colorless graveyard hate to counter Den Protector, Deathmist Raptor etc. Also a reprint of Rikshadan Port would be nice :D
"Greatness, at any cost."
Some time ago I visited the MoMA in NYC and so many pictures were just talentless crap. Your art deserves it 1000 times more to be displayed there.
Well, tastes are different but I'd take Fade into Antiquity over any Rothko.
This just shows how fucked up everything is when you have to thank someone for calling a spade a spade.
I guess he means that they'll get blurry and lose a lot of details.
[Much better and more successful](http://i.imgur.com/yy1gJrZ.jpg)
So far nothing has impressed me :(
If every team uses this tactic games will be funny. You take the ball, no you take it, you take it I insist... :D
I'm not impressed. I saw a similar shot posted last week and the week before and the week before that. So not a big deal.
Wow, somebody doesn't get irony. But looking at how you spit out profanities I can't say that I'm suprised :D
&gt; Joe Hockey, Finance Minister for Australia    This guy would be a superstar in Canada
Just check the results of major tournaments. It pretty much never happens that a deck wins back to back.
Hope it's his third strike and he gets life.
There is no bad publicity. Everything that makes MGTOW known to people is good, even if the article is negative.
I guess this is the pro league version of /r/photoshopbattles
Why would segregation be that bad? Wouldn't it mean no racial tension for both groups?
You want guys to suck your dick? Well, if that's your thing who am I to judge?
