That's not hypocrisy. The fact that something is appropriate/necessary in one situation but not other doesn't make it hypocritcal.
You know what is worse than licorice? SALTED licorice. You can buy it in Finland. Jesus :-O
Evil Boy is my favourite &lt;3
speak for yourself :-P
Wasn't it a turn to agriculture that screwed the planet and our health in the first place?  I am seriously asking, and I am veggie (vegetarian, NOT a vegetable)
Spiritual leader for sure :-D
enjoy the sub, lots of interesting stories there :-)
Good luck on your journey.
Take care :-)
Weird indeed.
Don't lose your hope either, all the best to you! &lt;3
Maybe it didn't grow suddenly, maybe its whole life span just flashed before their eyes.
oh, what a cutie :-)
You know, these things are not exclusive. Being an introvert just means you need to recharge in private (in opposition to people who charge from the contact with other people)
I agree, I cannot do it either, although I am very sociable. There was a good comic online that was explaining this, but I cannot find it. The idea was, however, that the difference between an introvert and extravert was not the way they spend their time, but the way they re-charge their energy. So, the extravert will be someone who gets energised by the contact with others, and when he's alone, he's getting weak. Introvert, on the other hand, recharges while alone, and then looses energy while interacting with others. That makes sense to me.
I liked him until I saw Noah. This film was such absolute and total crap, that I started hating Crowe with passion. Nothing personal, but Noah was a pile of shite.
500 Days Of Summer had no plot, it was all about how kooky and cute Zooey was. It was just too much.
It must be very difficult for you.
Maybe you are maturing, and Reddit stays the same
That's pretty healthy.
Walking 3 miles to work is a normal distance, but I agree that 6 miles is a bit too much, it would take too much time to walk.
The good spirit in which it was received is highly encouraging :-D
I'm sure they didn't have bad intentions, but very patronizing nonetheless.
(As I say, those who helped as were really kind, and it was all not their fault - I understand this now and I am grateful. But it was sort of awful)
Meh. Sex with a cousin is not really incest.
If it's legal, and you were not brought up together, I see no harm.
Not really - I don't think the strenght of my conviction is a measure of anything here. I could be very sure of something and wrong.
I know, it's evil :-(
I agree. Someone may loose their life, or their loved one, because an idiot like OP finds it amusing to text and drive. It's illegal, and immoral, and I have zero respect for people like that.
Actually, I've read this is much healthier for the body.
Gay people are not infertile. It's not about adoption, but rather regulating the legal situation of the children gay couples already have.
Yes, wireless shower would be cool.
I don't think most people would care, just like most people are not very impressed they are hurling through space on a piece of rock.
I'd love that.
I wonder - if we could go ANYWHERE just like that, would it still be fun to be there? Uf I could jump jump to Australia on my lunch break, would it be worth it? There would be no sense of a journey, no sense of travel, and - and that could be dreadful - no liberation in a feeling of being far away.
I know, this is hilarious. The funniest story of the year so far.
It is a social construct, just as gender, which doesn't automatically mean there are no differences, or you can change it easily.   Theoretically, language is acquired as well, and when you are born you have a potential to speak any language in the world. Once you, however, acquire one, it will always be your first language (unless you are billingual). You can learn other languages, you can speak them fluently, but it would be misleading to say that because you have, as an organism, a potential to learn any language, you can suddenly, at the age 50, become first-language fluent in Chinese.  The differences are there, of course, but there tangled in cultural and class issues, so the whole thing is not as easy.
It is a construct - if there really were different races, people would not be able to mix, and they easily do so. But 'socil construct' doesn't mean no differences. I think that is a common misconception.
Exactly. If I moved back in time, as a member of advanced civilization, I wouldn't be able to explain technological inventions to people, and I wouldn't be of much use I'm afraid.
I agree. I think that is where religions went wrong, when people started treating abstract and symbolic ideals too literally, and the ideas behind symbols went dead. The same with the mirror - it doesn't matter what kind of candle you use :-P you can invent your own ritual entirely, it is the spirit of the whole thing that counts.
... but I can see how people prefer to believe there is some conspiracy to accepting noone really knows what to do ...
If I were TriumphantGeorge, I would feel SO tempted to change the forum ID from time to time ;-D
People ypu interact with are not 'real' people, they are your visions/projections, the 'real' people are (if at all) hanging around somewhere else on the continuum, and may have a completely different version of you in their life.
It has usually nothing to do with love - you desire someone else, and that's why you cheat.
Religion is not to be logical, just as poetry.
Because there is not such thing as universal reason - what seems reasonable to you may sound completely unreasonable to someone else.
Because on individual level we can't do anything about it. In some countries there is no recycling scheme at all.
It is true. On Pacific Islands being big is still seen as a sign of prosperity and beauty.  http://www.futurescopes.com/finding-date/9409/countries-where-being-fat-attractive  it is all about resources
I am not saying a single person CANNOT make a change - but if they THINK they can't - and, consequently, don't bother - that's what you get.
Those Hindus, always trying to pay their respects painting Ganesha signs on Jewish cemeteries in Poland :-P
