Win lane lose game
50% av 349 är billigare än 200
Så du lägger ner spelet för att betala 26kr mer på nätet när du ändå var i butiken?
I didn't state it, hence the questionmark
But also the worst?
WordPress for this? Much bloat
Why should you commit jQuery to your repository? Just add with bower and when the next one who clones your repo does "bower install" he/she will get all libs you've specified, and the same version
Too laggy for my taste
All answers here are somewhat wrong.   Use meteor build to build the application then look into running a node js application
So many places to chat, too many?
ITT hurt feels
Det här är Reddit, är väl alltid konflikt
I'd say docker, because that would be easy in the long run. Else just start your python app on a port and use nginx as a reverse proxy
Why? Everyone keeps saying it but they don't know why
Yes, because the support is better now
The regular user doesn't care about that, they just want to chat with their friends in a game. I have to learn Linux and cli for that? No thanks. That's why discord is popular
So if I'm a noob, what value does it give me?
The original statement was ghat they offer little over ts, not having to host a server is a big thing, that was my point
Yes, but you said they offer little over ts, not managing a server is a big thing
I've looked into it, but I'm curious in what way they index, if they just traverse groups and store data or if there is some more complex way they are using
Money talks
Jo men du har väl ett spetsjobb
Firebase looks cool, but I'm looking to selfhost
I think nedb has in memory things
Isn't jshint as well?
My friend and I do the opposite, no question mark. It that better or worse
Greenshot or go home
It's like 69 in a wheelchair
Edgy
Prefer !!
People need to stop thinking that separating HTML and javascript is "separation of concerns". If it's the same component it's just separation of languages
&gt; simple  I think more people knows what `!!` means than `~`. It's just obscure
Reddit: "Evolution is real EXCEPT when it comes to imgur becoming a community instead of just an image host"
Looks cool but that is one dumb name
It's all presentation layer, that's a real concern, or do you disagree?   And what about cohesion?
This is something that would be fun to build. How much would people want to pay for this?
No need to inject bad language just because you're frustrated
More technically impressed than anything
If you're satisfied with that, of course!
This female specimen is extraordinary
But wäää it's ugly and I don't understand it therefore it must suck
Only two? *cries*
Just use shopify or something like that
Why aren't you using an open source and well-tested solution?
And people say fish is like vegetables 😕
This is not the answer to this question and does not provide anything different than another starter kit
What's the point of this article?
This sounds like a bad idea, but look at https://github.com/sergi/jsftp
Can't, or won't? I believe in you!
Who needs meat?
