Yeah if he re-signs with us, like another 5 year deal, I'll definitely get his jersey. Hopefully on a sweet new 3rd jersey too.
You must have watched a different series than I did then. A few bounces go our way instead of Chicago's and we sweep them.
You mean he needs an explanation on HOW he scored the goal? If he has to ask why he needs to score a goal I don't think he understands the game very well.
He's done this 4 times now. 3 of those 4 results in the GWG being scored right after his turnover. I'm sick of this shit. But I guess the bright side was we didn't lose because of him.
He punched Quick in the head seconds before this too. I ALREADY ADORE HIM!
Had Bobby Ryan stayed we'd actually have a real LW to play on the top line with Getzlaf and Perry.  Also, I'd REALLY love to have Beauchemin back instead of Stoner or Bieksa.
:( I miss that frenchy. Now we're stuck with that pylon Bieksa.
Perry - Getzlaf - Zetterberg is the best line I've ever used.
Which is bizarre because he's awful IRL
Nope. Not one bit. We got Kesler in return and he's a way better player. I look at Bonino how I look at Palmieri. I loved them while they were on the team and they were great but they never would have been able to fully reach their potential with their roles on our team. Definitely happy to see him playing so well though.
100% don't care about him. He was essentially useless for us and we even tried him on every line. He couldn't even cut making our PK line which is also kind of a head scratcher. He never fit well with us.
Hate to break it to you but that graph is just for news headlines if I'm not mistaken. So this literally has NOTHING to do with bandwagoning what so ever.
Not trying to judge but, THAT is the funniest joke you've ever heard? I must have missed something then.
Office Space is a classic. He had a million to work with though and not 150k haha
It's all good. I didn't want to remain competitive anyway
Why? He's definitely not worth the 4m a year we're paying him. Sorry.
Fowler will get traded before Lindholm does. I LOVE your positive attitude about Lindholm winning a Norris but I think I have a better chance of marrying a Victoria's Secret model.
LOL you're bitching after 2 collections? I did every NHL collection and the highest I got was base Wheeler..
Hate to break it to you but bases of Zetterberg, Nyquist and Kronwall won't add up to Seguin's LPS.
This is that same douche that got banned on here. All he did was whine and blame everything on "glitches" and how people suck for having a stacked team. Kid is the fucking worst.
Why don't you actually read what you get in the description? It's pretty clear cut..
For a while I thought it was +/- 3 from your division but after playing a while I've found that I think it comes down to how many stars your team is.
Yeah if he wanted $2m a year we'd for sure be in on him rofl
No. Besides they're probably going to sign him to something before July 1st.
Khudobin won't be around since he'll be in Russia playing in the KHL. Tokarski isn't ready to be a NHL that can play 25+ games. Hoping to see Enroth
Just wait until you get to the playoffs with Bruce.
Just remember the Indians blew a 3-1 lead in the World Series.
Definitely have nothing to do with how you play defense rofl. I've seen EVERY goalie in the game give up the worst goals imaginable with someone playing great defense. This year is the year of the slapper or long shot from the point or faceoff circles. EVERY goalie is the exact same minus the synergies. Last year a goalie could steal you a game but not this year.
Exactly. You're 10000000% right on CuJo though. He might be the worst goalie I've ever in this game.
Replace Olli Jokinen with Saku Koivu and I'm down with the Finns. Selanne should be the Master reward too not Esa Tikkanen.
That doesn't make him a better player. Selanne has the best stats ALL-TIME for ANY Finnish born player. Just because he was on worse teams doesn't mean anything.
You don't need to feel like you have to earn putting the RHC tag. A lot of shitheads have it in their tag so it's all good. And unfortunately with the giveaways, 95% of the time the people that win already have stacked teams and will just sell whatever you give away.
OK sorry Mr. Literal I won't be so vague next time my bad.
Is EVERYONE pulling him but me? Holy shit
Getzlaf and Vermy over Kesler? The fuck?!
Saying the Ducks DJ plays "interesting and cool music" is the most laughable thing I've heard this year. We EASILY have the worst music ever. Then on top of that we decided we should add a shitty organist. The worst.
They might be awesome guys I just think they aren't very great. My issue with the organ is that we NEVER had one then all of a sudden we lose to the Kings in the playoffs and then boom, next year we have an organ.
Well I'm going to expect nothing and I'll still be disappointed.
Definitely you. No doubt
Fuck me I hope not. I really DO NOT want JVR.
So you want like a created player on your squad that you can feed players into to grow him like they have in MLB the Show Diamond Dynasty? I'd really like that idea actually.
Lol saying someone is too expensive but you have that line-up...
Probably because that was technically the last team he played in the NHL on. Only thing I can think of honestly. They definitely fucked up as usual.
Well first off, Getzlaf isn't having a bad year nor is Anaheim. And secondly, we don't even know the themes for TOTY yet so you can't assume they're going to have another U23 team.
Team 2 no doubt. To me to comes down to Malkin vs. Ovi and if you need any help figuring that out, here you go.   https://hutdb.net/17/players/stats/21083
Hayward said it best, we're better without him because everyone kicks it into high gear knowing how big of a loss he is. We can do it in short stretches like 1-5 games but not in the long run.
No card is worth over a million IMO. Unless they score 4 goals in every game.
You should invest in the search bar.
Almost as original as this post here buddy
You clearly don't know what ice tilt is.
