My guess is that their "rules" are just casting a wide net to minimize exploits that they cannot foresee and they'll always say that it's a cheat for things they don't understand. AFAIK, there's no way for the game to detect if you're using an external scripting program as it's not altering the game files anyway. I'd also venture to guess that them scanning your PC for things outside their game without your knowledge and permission would open them up to all sorts of legal problems as well.  Maybe someone specifically looking for it might detect a pattern in your chat but that's ridiculously unlikely. Also, automating things like manual engine control would be undetectable on the surface unless, once again, you gave them a match playback file and they were looking for it or you outright told them you were doing it. Promoting it would be the biggest give away so technically the only mistake that J6 made was to post it in their forums in plain sight of their KGB... lol.  Ultimately, they can't 'legally' dictate what you can use on your PC outside of their game although it is their game so they can ban who they like for an unlimited number of stupid reasons under their EULA. That's why it's worded the way it is... it's just lazy exploit enforcement. Anyway, I'd say it would be perfectly safe to use scripting programs. Just don't be obvious about it.  I personally don't use scripting in WT because there isn't much benefit to it so I'm not really stressing over this. The game is pretty streamlined so it's not like IL-2: CLOD Team Fusion where you have to manipulate a dozen controls just to take off. I'll even admit that their in-game communication system is pretty slick in how it allows players who speak multiple languages to communicate with each other. In the case of J6's script, do people really need you to tell them your alt? You can basically see if teammates are above or below you all the way across the map. So knowing Gaijin's iron fist way of dealing with things, any potential benefits are just not worth the risk IMHO.  In the end, you can post game feature requests for stuff like this and who knows... maybe they'll be implemented into the game if the idea is popular enough. I know I'd personally like to see the comm messages expanded so maybe he could try that approach instead. It would also be less work if it's in-game rather than messing with scripting programs anyway.
I do see where you're going with this. It would be easy for instance to create a script that enables manual engine control, close your rads, adjust your prop pitch, max your throttle, etc. so all you have to do is push a button to achieve maximum escape speed. I suppose you could even create a script that with some experimentation makes your plane perform a complex maneuver at its maximum abilities when someone gets on your six.  I personally don't see an issue with this though as it's too much work for too little benefit over simply doing it yourself and you'd be constantly trying to hit a moving target with the way Gaijin changes FM's more often than a teenage girl changes clothes. It also still requires that you know how to fly. You do it or a script does it... what's the difference... you still have to know what to do.  My issue with this is that Gaijin doesn't have the right to tell you what you can use on your PC while playing their game. What's next, you can't keep plane stats open in Word? You can't listen to music outside their channels? You can't watch YouTube vids of cats while climbing because you're bored? All these things are 3rd party programs that alter the individual's game experience and technically against their EULA. Sorry but fuck that.
I can see how it would be useful and definitely the least minor offense against their "no automation" rules. In the same light, it's only a (admittedly annoying) minor inconvenience to just create some shorthand lingo to relay alt in chat. I also see the point about it being easier for them to ban it all rather than deal with some subjective sliding scale on what can be scripted... hence opening this whole can of worms... and maybe J6 being a bit too butthurt over it. ;)  I do have to go back to my original opinion though that Gaijin doesn't have the right to say what programs you can use on your PC (and probably can't detect them anyway) while playing their game as long as it doesn't alter the game itself. They might not like it but tough shit. Scripts won't give you that much of an advantage in this game anyway (or an advantage that others couldn't use) as flying is way too complex and dynamic. It's just not 2 dimensional with a fixed number of possible movements like WoW.  All scripting can really do is reduce tedious tasks and improve efficiency a little bit. Outside of that, you have to know how to fly and tell the plane what to do.
I'm starting to sound like a broken record answering this same question over and over but the long and short of it is to fly planes you like, stay away from situations that piss you off, don't stress over the grind and learn the cheap/free ways for getting stuff. Check my posts for more details if interested. This game can be fun if you just avoid and let a lot of shit go.
Interesting. Although I think the main point here is that RP gains hit a wall at around 2,000 RP where it doesn't increase at the same rate as it did before a certain number of kills. So 3 kills might get you 1,800 RP but 6 kills won't get you 3,600 RP... so this would have to be confirmed in the that context.
Agreed. So with this in mind, has the RP gain become less linear since last year? Looking at these numbers (and knowing Gaijin for their ninja fixes) this might have been a quick fix to align RP gain rates with the lowered RP costs.
I'd agree with this it weren't for the Yak-3P. That post war plane is ridiculously under-tiered.
I just wasn't following you. Half the stuff you typed looked like words you made up man... lol.
In all chat try asking, "Which one of you little cupcakes wants to putter into the kitchen and make my dinner?". That usually gets a response.
I feel like there's a big hole in effective fighters for RB Tier II-III Brits. Sure they fly well but the newer seaplanes and two-seaters are too slow and the 7.7 paint scratchers just aren't hacking it against enemy armor and cannons. It's not a problem against USA on Hokkaido but the British turn-fighters have a hard time against Germany, Japan and Russia around the 4.0 BR range where the enemy have some exceptional planes. Some do like the Mk IX but it was only intended as a stop gap plane IRL and it's interesting to see how it's performance translates that way in the game as well. The Hurricanes can do well but aren't really suited to take multiple enemy on their own without turn-fighters to distract the enemy while they bnz. I wish they'd knock 2 cannons off the Mk Vc to make it a bit faster/nimbler and it'd be a like a Brit Hayabusa.  Outside of that, the only glaring matchup issue I can think of is they need to change the Yak-3p's BR to 5.0-ish. to balance out Russia's win rate in Tier III.
What's with the downvotes? This is pretty accurate as far as the win/loss I've seen with Tier III Brits.
What no mustang luv? That plane is a secksy bitch.
Don't hold back Russia. What do you really think? I mean I don't get you sometimes. You're so hard to read.
Nice work. Always like dedicated detailed info posted in this sub.
I swear to gawd I will pistol whip the next guy that says shenanigans.
It depends. It makes me wonder how much more control I might have with a stick over a mouse.
I guess maybe it's a kudos for the Gaijin programmers by creating a similar experience using different inputs. It's a good way to bring in casual gamers. Using a stick and rudders can cost more money and be frustrating for new users to learn how to use well.
He was replying to aikl's comment above (probably as a joke) and not the OP. Not sure what the down-vote circle jerk against people saying they don't want to Gaijin their money is about anyway. It's their choice and understandable IMHO.
If you're gonna try to create your own arbitrary rules and always think they're right... yer gonna have a bad time on the internet.
It is... and only part of the reason why I just can't do 7.7's.
I think several US planes need speed and/or energy retention buffs where that advantage would be more noticeable and therefore utilized more/better. The allies don't have their other real life advantages like superior numbers, longer range, better radar technology, etc. in our simplified level playing field cage match system so they have to be given something good that they're known for. People had high hopes that the BR revamp would help to balance the matchups out but we still have things like WEP on tap allowing Japanese turn-fighters to keep up with US bnz'ers too easily. I mean what can US planes do but run for 5km+ (which effectively takes them out of the fight) until they can create a large enough gap and have enough alt/energy to do their thing? US pilots also have too little room for error with the current FM balance. Dive a little too low and turn a little bit too much to get guns on a twisting turn-fighter and a P-51 can quickly get itself into trouble. Anyway, I don't think it's because they don't know how to bnz. I think they just have a bomber mentality where it's easier to just dive in to try and get a kill or two before being shot down.
Throw the USA a bone, man.
The main reason why I prefer RB over SB is because I hate playing find the dot. However, you know when your view of enemy dots is extended from 6km out to 8km when they've been tagged by another friendly? I think Gaijin is experimenting with expanding that to include seeing enemy dots even farther when they're in sight of your airfield AAA. Outside of that, we need some kind of radar or expanded automated radio reports (not just when they attack ground/sea friendlies but also when they spot an enemy) to make SB more fun.
Brits usually win in Tier III but not so much in Tier II and IV...  so like others have said... you have to switch things up if you want to win it as USA or avoid it altogether. You can't really blame US pilots either as the mid-tier Brit planes simply have a better mix of speed and turning for a cage match IMHO. Brits also tend to get more fighters and fighter/bombers on the average while USA gets more purely bombers with a very small area to bomb so they're little better than cannon fodder.  As an FYI, if you have a few GE's laying around, grab a US premium Ki-61 and you'll rack up a lot of kills on that map. (Even win it single-handedly.) It can out-run anything that can out-turn it and out-turn anything that can out-run it and its high fire rate 4x .50's with advanced ammo selection are exceptional for its low BR. It's either that or grind through to Tier IV and shred Griffons with Bearcats.  Anyway, I don't think it's so much the map as it is the Brit vs Yank matchup. Win or lose, it's just as frustrating for Brits who'd much rather be fighting krauts. (At least I would.) Otherwise, it's technically a good tight map that has a nice combo of air and ground battles with lots of ways to rack up RP. But given the choice, with the current blue on blue matchup, I'd probably be happy to see it just go away as well.
Yeah ppl spend hundreds of moolahs and hours on this game.
Decal size limits and charging for flags sure sucked a lot of fun out of personalization. I wish they'd just offer different color rectangles.
Of course no Yak-3P BR uptick to 5's in RB where it should be.
I fucking called this. Last Steam sale they raised prices 35% or more before putting them on sale for 25% or less.
Haha ditto... I even bugged Damon Slye when he tried (and failed) to Kickstart a newer version of RB3D. If some dev would just make a game with a bunch of good WW2 planes separated by year instead of BR and offered some historical maps/battles with WT's ease of play then I'd be all over it. I'd also gladly pay good money for new well put together plane packs instead of slapping on some paint and copy-pasta a tweaked FM for new premium planes like WT does. IDK, maybe the IL2 folks will get a clue but WT has me biased against rusky devs... *sigh*.
Price elasticity? Like with flags now costing 500 GE's each? Hahaha... whatever you say. It's perfectly fair to compare the last Steam sale to this one. It's just another example that shows how their priorities have changed to cash grabs... but everyone already knows that.
They needed to work on the team kill system which they have been finally doing... yet flags are still 500 GE's. People mainly care about the flag thing because it was a great way to personalize planes so Gaijin's lazy fix and obvious cash grab was typical.  As far as the price rise thing... yes, they did do it and they did the exact same thing last year. I said they would do it the second someone posted about the Steam sale coming here... and sure enough they did it... haha.  You're certainly entitled to your opinion but it's not a popular one mate.
The ki-43-III is one of the very best planes in the entire game.
Fukin' amateur hour.
These guys are annoying but their 'who cares no one gives a shit about this little game anyway' schtick gave me a chuckle.
Yeah I'm not going to them for any real legal advice.... lol.
^ This and just fix the little things that players have been complaining about over and over for months. Like if they changed it so planes didn't disappear when they "J" out on the runway to play peek-a-boo... people would probably hail the devs as gods.
Looks and sounds great but I could only see one class with blasters (no pilots, medics, snipers, etc.) and no one was strafing, rolling or bunny hopping. Also disappointed with the cap of 40 players when it used to be what, 300? I guess all I really want is the original BattleFront with some new paint as that had amazing game-play, balance and variety.
The US Pacific pilot is badass. Sleeves all rolled up, unbuttoned shirt, worker boots and gloves. You can tell he's a baller.
Gawd I wish Spit 7.7's did more than just scratch the paint.
Thanks! You kind of have to think about WT like a miniature war board game where "America" would definitely be viewed as a shitty faction stats-wise.
I agree in the sense that I think it takes more experience and discipline to do well with a team of pure bnz'er as opposed to flying turn-fighters and the US probably does draw in many new players due to their popularity. Being inexperienced, they really have no idea what they're up against in the game and why the planes don't do as well as their reputations however. So I wouldn't call them "retarded". It's just a noob trap.
I kind of agree with you... and even upvoted you... but I'm just taking the other side of the circle-jerk for a change. And I'm not just calling BS... I've been trying to understand why it's happening and discovered it's not as simple as noob pilots.
It's a total crap shoot with match-making. Sometimes you face the Axis or Russia with or without Brits. My main point was that too many players were boasting how the Yanks can't win without the Brits and I believe this is somewhat true... but it's not because Brits are better pilots... it's because the Yanks need their turn fighters.
All I've argued is that the Yanks need the Brit turn fighters and not the other way around as the Brits have their own Hurricanes and Tempests to fill the roll of US bnz'ers. This is pretty much the case for all the nations versus the US. It even includes "jack of all trade" Rusky planes as they can out-turn US planes and the Yanks have little to counter that type of fighting without Spits there.  For the Germans, while I didn't name them specifically, they are just part of the group who I mentioned having equivalent speed to US planes which leads to the US being chased to the edge of the map because there isn't much else they can do. This is particularly important because these US planes are being taken out of the fight for too long in individual chases after a single attack.
I agree and it's probably the 190's rolling ability and 109's better turning ability at high speed that makes the difference. EDIT: I've been talking about Tier II-III peeps. No need to down-vote because of what we know about Tier IV props.
That depends on the speed though. Ideally, US planes need to keep their speed up and this is where many 109's, J2M's and Yaks can out-turn them. There is also the matter of how quickly they bleed speed in a turn and they're no match for many planes in this regard. Once again, these are generalizations but it's safe to say that US planes aren't loved for their turning ability compared to other nations.
Yup. That's exactly what I noticed. Rush in, kill, die and repeat means more games per hour which means more RP. It's understandable how old skool sim players have moral issues with it but players are going to do what the game rewards the most. Integrating a grind system into a flight sim just results in weird counter-intuitive behavior like this.
Totally agree. Flying with pilots who know how to take turns bnz'ing, beating down and methodically robbing all of an enemy's options is one of the most satisfying things I've ever done in this game. It's just a hard situation to set up without Yaks or Zeroes swarming right up your butt.
It's subjective but many do. Also, competent Japanese pilots for instance generally have no fear against competent US pilots for good reasons. They know they can often win.  As for Hokkaido, I gotta point the finger at that map for B-17 deaths. All the crucial ground targets are closely packed together a stone's throw from two enemy airfields. There's zero element of surprise and it's hard to get anywhere near them without being spotted by multiple enemy planes.
I think we're mixing up terms here so all I meant was that in a general side by side comparison of ALL mid-tier planes, the US/UK evolved with a heavier bias toward MG's than the Axis and Russians who more preferred cannons which has a statistical effect in WT. So by saying "primarily" I meant "more of" and not like how you might consider the cannons on a Spit as being it's "primary" weapon because it's more destructive than its rifle rounds.
