I think arbaless/Alvarez is to aracitacia as fiore is to ishgar  Kingdom to continent (multiple kingdoms on each continent) like Jura was the best Mage is fiore during the 7 year gap but only fifth on ishgar
Regardless of how you feel about Obama I think he will serious historical credit for the abuse (and racism) he put up with while president.
I think that's part of the theme.  Like the nether the Jedi or the sith are perfect, one is too selfless and other too selfish
Congrats don't quit!!!!!
Ds9 all the way
I personally think the over choreographed scenes were incredible, the power and skill of the super human Jedi was felt.  Also we got to see stuff like opposing force pushes.
That's nonsense.  The light saber duels from the original trilogy wee limited by the animation of the time and were "more methodical".  Also New Hope barely had a plot (most of the plot was made up after its success) and was just a film featuring the newest and best special effects.
I read AoT and frankly after the most recent chapter, fuck that manga.  It's pacing has gone from slow and intense to George r r Martin disrespectfully slow.
Stellar, nice word choice
So less established?
What bothers me isn't that this story is real but that someone actually told it too sound real
Would be interesting to be see Thor be shaped to be centered around the Marvel version cuz most myths are reformed heroes.  If you think about now more people probably know Thor from marvel iterations than anything else, the only question is staying power.
It was filler plus mashima said somewhere he regretted the lack of Laxus during Tartaros.
Freed But honestly I love them all cuz they are very unique amongst fairy tail in that they contain a capacity for cruelty which I like
Ummmm flowers cuz it's Tuesday to a girl ur not dating is weird
Do u really not think 1.1 million people in 1 year won't change a population of only 80 mil?
I'm only going to judge you on this post and ur replies to comments.  The reasons you get hate is several fold.  1.  You've fallen into the trap of self pity.      i. Scrawny:  first off scrawny means nothing skinny guys get hot girls as regularly as anyone else. Second if ur body makes u insecure do something about it.    ii.  Was raised by your grandparents: You had a loving household no one anywhere should feel sorry for you.    iii. Moved around a lot:  the most interesting people are those who've been around its no excuse.   iv.  Bullied:  most people in world were/are bullied at some point.   2.  When people explain the issues you don't acknowledge and you ignore the spirit of what they say and argue the wording.  Example on this thread someone said unlocking women and you said "no I'm trying to make myself attractive".    In this case unlock women = make myself attractive  3. Asking questions when u don't want honest answers.  Saying I'm not as bad as denko is you setting your self up to not look bad.  It's like saddam saying come on guys I'm not hitler, don't compare urself to bottom of the barrel when asking about acting appropriately.
Exactly and it applies to more than bullying.  Like everything he listed isn't even that bad, get the fuck over yourself.
according your statement women care less about looks less, so why then do u whine about being scrawny?
Many series pull from each other.  Fairy tail openly admits to being inspired by many sources.....  BUT this is non-sense like there's nothing in common like at all.  The only similar thing is music and it's not even remotely similar in style.
My favorite part is the guy who brought it up started being attacked by other feminists.  Like talk about making everyone your enemy.
Sorry but gunna have to agree.  There has been zero evidence yuriy is Serena and it's been stated by warred that yuriy is dead.  Anything ur saying is just grasping at non-existent straws.  Also the important thing about Serena is his magic.
As liberal as I am this is why conservatives say 'no' we have a good but imperfect system to help people pay for college BUT sadly tuition rates just rose making the system we have seem terrible.
The change to portrait in the sources below makes me think it is.  Also 45s usually 'real' stuff is long enough to be sold.  'Real'= real look and feel but fake
Oh I'm sorry descendants of people who commit atrocities shouldn't ever have the right to complain.  OH WAIT THAT IS EVERYONE.  You don't say Arab Muslims complain about imperialistic America, nations conquered under Muhammad and successors!!!
Except when denying the holocaust.
No it's not cuz what we not takin into account is the fact this the pride is more about simple country history and the fact they were a great empire and nothing much else.
The idea of Brits being proud of their history as a great empire, is not Brits saying immigration is good but only when they do it, it's them saying " I'm proud of my countries powerful history".  The argument being made is "why do Brits have issues with immigration when they are proud of colonization", which I'm saying is false equivalence.
Blockbusters rise and fall is one the best ways to understand why capitalism is so awesome and how it pushes innovation.
Hillary, the candidate in first is sunk?  Are you gunna say that when she's the nominee? Also no there is zero evidence because candidate have over taken the supers in the past.  How come only Bernie gets to be a whining bitch.  Also how arrogant are you to believe your logic is so perfect that someone who disagrees with you is paid or stupid.
So there shouldn't be endorsements in a democracy?
You don't solely on the biases of gender.
That's what they don't get.  They say how can Hillary supporters like her given her obvious faults and they can't understand the answer if "because while she's not perfect I still like her a lot".  And they don't get this because they legit think sanders is perfect.
The baby being black was probably the best gtfo from God himself (also is that sexist?
Yes you should stop supporting sanders because he lost.  Decide who you like more, Clinton or trump because those are your options.  Like when Hillary lost in 08 people had to choose McCain or Obama, same thing Bernie lost now make a decision.
He's not honest tho.  Most of his police and statement are based on lies. The problem is that he gives off the honest old man vibe so people trust him.
And cenk's denial of the Armenian genocide is a clear indication he's a terrible journalist and shouldn't be trusted.  See it works both ways.
Well he says no CEOs on wallstreet have been jailed but can't name any laws they've broken.  His free college plan doesn't even cover the full cost of college and places a huge burden on the states to make up the difference.  His hypocrisy of criticizing super delegates for supporting Clinton early on in the election based on Hillary polling better than him but not asking them to switch based on polls.  His lies that he does well in open primaries when he loses them almost 3:1.  His hate if golden parachutes when his wife has received one.  His claim that he can save the US 324 billion on drugs when we only spend like 302.  His voting to continue funding the Iraq war. The list goes on.  I don't hate Bernie at all but he's not more honest than other politicians he's just good at giving off the honest vibe.
He's done.  If the FBI hasn't found anything to charge Hillary with in a year there is nothing they will find in the next few weeks.  Literally lets say that again, in an entire year not one thing worth charging her with has been found.  The supers are not switching and Bernie is getting his ass handed to him the recent primaries.  The game is in fact very over and has been for months.  Sanders funding is dry, the subreddit is losing subscribers, the phone banks and canvassing are dead.
She didn't reveal national secrets.  None of the info was leaked.  Her server was more secure than the one she would've been using.
Just like how you can't wrap your head around Bernie getting the literally shit kicked out of him for three straight months by Hillary.
His influence is dying as he stays in because more and democrats are starting to hate him.
Anytime an investigation can't come up with a charge after a year I'm quite skeptical of its energy
I fucking hate this whole "ties" shit.  Means nothing
In and of itself I think it will do very little. But it might represent a shift in the discussion about Islam and whether we consider certain Islamic beliefs to be threatening.
It doesn't need to be terror to be linked to Islam.  A man who's religion (any religion cuz most honestly have issues with gays) is part of homophobia
What about Bernie flipping on super delegates and whether they should be used against voters?  I'm sorry but refusing to debate Bernie after the election was over is not flip flopping it's being real.
Ah the old sanders arguement, those who don't agree with me are stupid low infos.  No wonder she kicked his ass in every demographic but rural and non-college graduate whites.
Trump's campaign disagrees with you
That's like saying non-Christians are the largest religious group in the world.  It doesn't actually mean anything.  Independents don't agree with each other, hence there not being a party they are all a part of.
