I think it's much more interesting to see more historic actors/movies rather than recent ones. We all know how and when Paul Walker died so it wouldn't be as meaningful IMO.
That seems to be an issue of lenses though. I mean you *could* put an iPhone up to a telescope and take a clear picture of another planet.
Cheap toilet paper/paper towels. You might save a couple of dollars, but you'll go through it twice as fast. Plus Charmin feels amazing when compared to the cheap competitors.
But it's worth five *hundred* dollars in savings!
I agree. I mean for all we know this could be completely fabricated. "Oh yeah we *totally* found and took out HQ with our SpyWhiz 3000 machine."
If you listen closely you'll notice that Disney's goes "ding ding ding di di ding ding… DING… ding ding ding di di ding ding" while Ghosts n Stuff goes "ding ding ding di di ding ding… ding ding ding di di ding ding." It's not the same.
Thank you! It seems so much worse that this is all occurring in /r/funny. Jokes about stereotypes are  many comedians bread and butter, but apparently that type of humor is not tolerated here.   This is what I'm reminded of while reading some of these comments: https://youtu.be/fjIuPSuYSOY
Fair enough, I can agree with that. I didn't even find the joke to be that funny, but the guy/girl doesn't deserve to be called a racist (especially in a tone mocking the mentally disabled - wtf?).
Drugs can really give you a window into a different level of consciousness (I'm looking at you, psychedelics) and open your mind to new things.   Also, they're fun.
Come on, honestly try to put yourself in his shoes. How would you feel if your wife and kids died and you felt someone was responsible for causing it?
To be honest (and in my opinion of course), all cable news networks have devolved into Jerry Springer news. It's all heads in boxes yelling at eachother or faux-scandal outrage.
Has anyone else seen The Adventures of Baron Munchausen and think the Minions are a direct ripoff of those miners near the end of the movie?
That's what I was thinking too. Is he also using the table as leverage?
I think he was scrounging for gold.
That will only get you through one season. Better buckle in for the long haul!
They're *always* trouble.
They should just move it all the way forward and put it over the screen.
I think one problem with these questions is that people are assuming that a computer has human-level reaction times when they are several orders of magnitude faster at reacting and calculating different scenarios for avoidance.   I think an autonomous vehicle, with their array of sensors and other inputs, would see the problem coming well before a person would even know what's happening and react accordingly.
Except *you* wouldn't really be ruining their grade. *They* would ruin it by not taking the test.
This is the first one to make me literally laugh out loud.
Oh I totally agree, but it's incredibly irrational.
Yeah it would definitely be hard to get a girl pregnant when you've got a mullet and handlebar mustache.
It can be terribly embarrassing, but  just do a simple two-step and sway your body to the music if it ever happens. This is the easiest way to 'dance' and it works with most music.
Eh, he/she gets it right 50% of the time.
That's *Mr.* Coffee to you.
On the bright side, he could become the next Kanye.
Shit was catchy-er 20 years ago. Gotta love Mix-A-Lot.
But then this goes back to employee wages. How much better would junior perform in school if both mommy and daddy didn't have to work full time to make ends meet and could spend more time helping him study.
And he's probably thinking "*Ohh man, I have so much karma waiting for me*"
Phil Philips sounds like one of those slow people who constantly have a large buildup of saliva in the corners of their mouth and Gary Garyson looks like a classic con-artist. Just look at that mustache!  Check mate, athiests.
The real life embodiment of Reddit. He's our true god.
Did anyone else's phone get cancer from visiting that page or was it just me?
Why in the world would you ever decide to take the monthly payments then? I mean it's already better to take the lump sum because inflation would cause your monthly/weekly payments to be worth less each time, but getting taxed on top of the inflation loss really leaves no benefit to the annuity.
The problem is you have to let that money sit for 4 years. Even after 20 years that's only $400k (assuming you earn 7% *every* year), which again has to sit there if you want to earn anything from it. Far from enough to retire or live a dream life.
That's the definition of terrorism. The difference is perspective and winners write the history.
Nice try, Microsoft.
You might want to get yourself checked out by a doctor.
The website also states that they have reports of this happening in 25 states. Just because they only list 11 examples does not mean it has only occurred 11 times. It also states that some pharmacists refuse to transfer the prescription to another pharmacy.   Can you explain how that is *not* a restriction for those denied individuals? You may be right about people running out of gas or showing up late, but that is something entirely in their control, while a pharmacists refusal is not.   Additionally, why is refusing a birth control prescription seen as insignificant, but refusing someone's insulin or heart medication presumably wouldn't be treated similarly?
Do the math, it may be cheaper to cancel now. For example, if the early cancellation fee is $300, but you'd save $100/mo on the service with 6 months left, it will actually be cheaper to cancel now.
I certainly recall home ISPs charging by the minute back in the day before mobile phones with internet connections even existed, so I don't know how truthful the intent of this statement is.
That's true but you could potentially end up spending multiple times that amount so it would be better to eat ramen for a little while to save the bigger chunk of money.
Think about getting a haircut or manicure. You're not receiving any 'goods' for those services yet they are taxed. Parking your car is the service.
Too soon. =(
You don't necessarily get additional deductions just because you make more money.
Probably because this is such a common issue to run into.
Well that's true for most of the country, though.
I subscribed after seeing the front page post of the guy on the waterfall. I agree there is some really awesome stuff here!
Reading over this thread I can't help but wonder how you haven't noticed that the bulk of your comments consist of putting words in other people's mouths then responding to those very same words that you created. None of your assertions were even remotely implied from what I can see.  &gt;you seem to be saying that all forms of immigration control are wrong?  Nope.  &gt;cries of racism or right wing nutbag  Nope, don't see any of that.  &gt;&gt;Case in point, the main "solutions" being offered in these threads is revoking due process for migrants  &gt;I just stated any suggested change to the law results in accusations of being a right wing nutjob and here you are doing it.  That's quite the logical jump there...  &gt;This is fairly new sort of situation.  Seriously? Have you not heard of WWI and WWII, for some recent examples?
They have people in Montana now??!
The western world is not in a recession. I suggest you look up the definition of a recession before you go blabbing about other people not understanding simple concepts.
