Not much of a man, making you wait for a bus alone instead of driving you where you need to go or at least riding the bus with you.
Maybe she should date Jesus
Pay them more to guard it than to cut it down. Duh.
Thanks Obama,  for making coal illegal    /s
Cap &amp; Trade    And/or "tax the air" such that people who enjoy breathing support the rain forest even if they image they don't need it.
Sarcasm eludes you
Many people who spent their entire 20s partying have none of that.    Who is it that missed out and wasted their years?
But will they schedule your work around your classes?
Because people who make burritos also need to live
But his loyalty to Israel exceeds Bernie's   Edit : spelling
We should have zero tax rate and infinite growth!    That's your logic.
Reagan nearly tripled the size of the tax code   It's simplified!
Yet we've been doing the opposite of what needs to be done for 30 years
You know your office climate better than some random Joe on reddit.  Go with the minimum response possible.  "Thanks,  now if you don't mind I have work to do and I'm sure you do too".  Heck like that it almost sounds like you didn't enjoy the "win". Which is fine if you're trying to prove you aren't gloating.   Humility or something like that
He can speak in metaphors but expects us to believe  every word in the Bible is literally true.
Your automated greeting said "this call may be recorded"   That's permission if I want it to  be. If anyone knows of any case law where a court ruled that "may be recorded" really means "may NOT be recorded" I'd be excited to read about it.
This is why you should chew your food thoroughly  .
Maybe he didn't chew
Welcome to the new normal.    It's phat.
Won't even help a guy accomplish his mission. SMH
Tennessee can thank  "small government defenders of freedom" for this
Tl;Dr   You're horrified by capitalism
I don't benefit from being able to  buy a new product merely because said new product  suddenly exists.   * can I afford new product?   * is new product useful to me?
The money needs to come from somewhere,  this is true.   Who has the money?   Almost all of the growth in the economy in the past 20 years has gone to the already richest people.  That's who has the money, so that's where the money should come from.
While the blame can certainly be shared,  who got all the profits?
Lots of blame to go around,  that's for sure.   So who was it that ended up with all the money after the crash?
Tuition is an investment in people
That's not my position at all.   But if you follow the money you'll see that the money and the blame did not get allocated in their respective proportions.   As to the question of where to assess taxes: tax those who have the money.
You don't have to feel guilty to acknowledge that you have advantages others didn't have. Who told you that you have to feel guilty?
I suspect water only rises up from that well when an electric well pump has electricity
The water probably comes from a well.  Cutting off the electricity will disable the well too.
You only described Portland.    Eastern Oregon is rednecks.
White Privilege
How does he have time for this? Shouldn't he get a job and go to it?
In my unprofessional opinion,  the best thing to do is cut the utilities and barricade the supply routes and wait for the Bundy Militia to surrender.
I don't think you understand how Open Range works
It's easier to spell SCUBA if you remember that it's an acronym for  Self Contained Underwater Breathing Apparatus
I'm not confident that compression turns water to ice. Ice is bigger (less dense) than water.
I think  the 150 number may have been regarding the rally many miles away. The Bundy "militia" in the gift shop / office at the wildlife refuge is fewer by an order of magnitude.
Most of the inbred terrorists on display today came from other states for this event
I think there may have been more people at the protest in town, while it lasted. After the protest I think only a dozen or so went many miles to the wildlife refuge where they broke in and apparently set up camp
Whether you tipped, or paid a higher price for your meal and the restaurant paid a living wage, you still left the restaurant with a fuller belly and less full wallet.
But not enough for an apartment
The Bible makes no such distinction;  if We The People choose to pool our resources via an organization  (be it a church,  a non-secular charity,  or even a government) we can do that If that's how we want to give to the poor. The Bible never says "don't be organized when being charitable"
Those people can still support the poor through private / religious charity instead if that's their preference,  and it's generally tax deductible so they can pay less taxes.   People who don't want to a support war don't get to choose to divert their taxes either. Boo hoo. Taxes don't get spent only how one taxpayer chooses.  Boohoo.
It's only against the law if you get caught
It's not my homework for you to support your claims with studies. It's your responsibility to do so, and thank you for doing it.
Employers want to pay as little as possible
Why? Many people with the very high incomes probably set some aside and don't even need the Social Security check of a median beneficiary.
On top of the even heftier check from the other retirement investments.   SS is supposed to (not entirely successful) make sure no old person has to sleep under a bridge,  eat from trashcans, and beg. High earners rarely end up destitute in their older years,  but if one does because reasons, SS should match median
