Probably a good call.  Solid late-game effort by Price though, from what I've seen so far.
&gt; Whatever their motives are, just remember that it's terribly unlikely that they come from a place of reason.   A troll got to me yesterday in that thread. That's a good reminder for the next time I'm tempted to reply to one.
That's a good point about Snes9x.  I'll try MupenPlus tonight when I have time.
I was hoping for some hand-lettered Alan Moore, but in this case Comic Sans would probably be more fitting.
#~~ONLY~~ BEST COMMISSIONER IN BASEBALL!
Can't win without runs.  C'mon Cards, wake up the bats!
With apologies to Brewers fans, we should not be making their pitching look this good.
Haha judging by his profile pic, I believe he just might be /u/kneejerkcardsfan
#I BELIEVE!
If this game ends on a replay, I will be very very sad.
#PRAISE JESUS, NEW YORK IS MIGHTY THIS GAME GOES ON
What an awful disease.  Thanks for the read, OP.  It's fascinating to read about Gehrig not through the distant lens of history, but through the sportswriters and fans of his day.  Seeing his 2130 game streak described as untouchable now has me wondering what other "impossible" records will be broken in the future.
It feels weird recommended a game purely for its controls, but the flying in this game is so incredibly fluid.  The planes are simply a joy to fly.  Weird that it's listed as Windows only, though.  The developer has released a Linux version before.  Edit: [Linux and Mac releases have been delayed due to bugs with Steam integration.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AirBrawl/comments/383790/air_brawl_for_mac_and_linux_will_sadly_have_to_be/)
Nothing against the distro itself really, just personal preference. Mint's Software Manager is a lot faster than Xubuntu's Software Center, and Compiz works much better for me on Mint. Both are definitely worth trying.
He should have, with the streak on the line.  I can't blame him for being angry, but he only hurt himself by arguing.
The strike was bullshit, and I'm sad that Holliday's streak is over.  But when you argue that much, you're going to get ejected.  Joe West is a shitty ump, but of all the things I can blame him for, tossing Holliday is not one of them.  Matt was understandably fired up - but with his streak on the line, he probably should've just had a few words and walked away.
Birds On The LAN  LANce Lynn  This one wouldn't work as well in St. Louis, but I'd get a kick out of naming my little wireless router "KMOX"
I'll match you! I can pound water all day :(
I can do Bud Light Lime if there's nothing else available. As far as AB abominations go, nothing is worse than their Strawberr-itas. They taste like sugar, death, and faint traces of questioning your manhood.
Seriously my favorite AMA of all time. Canseco is literally the sole reason I look at Twitter on occasion.
Comparing his baseball camp to the psychedelic nightmare that is Willy Wonka might be the most unintentionally accurate statement he's ever made.   You're damn right I'm sending him an email.
Aw, [looks like you're right.](http://hardballtalk.nbcsports.com/2014/11/20/that-thing-about-jose-cansecos-finger-falling-off-it-was-a-hoax/) That does lessen the mystique a little bit. On the plus side, I'm glad his finger was successfully reattached.
&gt; I think they are more worried about people modding the game to add custom songs instead of buying the dlcs  Absolutely this. It's the same reason why Maddon and other sports games don't see PC releases: no one would buy a glorified roster update on consoles when mods give you free unlimited content on PC.
SOS was already in use by the time the Titanic sank, but it was among the first. I didn't know about the Cape Race part, though! That would definitely explain why he was irritable leading up to the sinking.
Even Dylan prefers the Hendrix version. Seriously.
Agreed. I imagine the "i" prefix has been done to death by 3rd party companies at this point, diluting the brand without infringing on Apple's property. That's less than ideal for Apple.
It's interesting that there's a rough inverse correlation between the Cardinals' record and the Brew Crew's. We are the anti-Brewers!
Budweiser was definitely in on the joke. The long camera shots on the logo, the ironic beach set - Budweiser is willing to poke fun at themselves to appeal to the younger, "hip" crowd. It won't change the fact that their beer gives me headaches, but sincerely, good for them for finding some advertising that appeals to millennials beyond bro culture.
I can definitely see that.  Sorry for getting a little defensive; Irony is a minefield on reddit.  Cheers!
This game is so much bad juju. Can we press restart on this one?
Same. I think I'd feel a lot less creeped out if they actually caught him. Such an eerie subversion of pop culture.
It would be such a short period in your life.
Such a cool write-up. Thanks!
But I'm trying so hard to be impartial! ^(All the gaming I really care about is PCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC)
Not a bad save, 'chuk!
That's been corrected already.  It's nice having /u/flagamuffin in the GDTs.  He usually provides a nice counterpoint without being pointlessly negative.
If you have at least 90 minutes and fall asleep quickly, do it.  If you can fit your sleep in roughly 90 minute intervals, you should wake more rested than you would otherwise.  And pound some caffeine when you wake up!
Yeah... It's weird seeing sincere comments downvoted in /r/Cardinals this year. Outside of our regular downvoter, I mean.
Abandon the defaults. I still have /r/AskReddit and /r/videos and a few others, but my favorites are all smaller communities.
The thin Rockies air is a fickle god.  It giveth, and in the same breath it taketh away.  But as a natural force, it is no match against a   #TSUNAMY
Yeeessssss Gomez.  Respect the arm.
Memento is a glaring omission! I'm glad Wikipedia was around when I first watched that movie.
Running in the rain is the frickin best. Especially a warm, summer rain that breaks the humidity. Following that up with a shower beer? Bliss.
Truth, that's total Marvel Comics material! Especially with a last name like Crowe. Maybe he's too busy saving the world to hang out here...
I think that means the NL gets home field advantage in the World Series?
Bethesda make games with incredible atmosphere and ease of modification, but everything else suffers. The controls (especially combat) in Skyrim and Fallout are so clunky that the games aren't fun for me. I want to understand the hype.
Lance Lynn:  *  Because we attended the same college.  * Because I felt that he was vastly underappreciated by Cardinals fans in 2012-2013, and virtually ignored by the media during that time.    The dude is a quiet workhorse. He's been getting more love lately, since he had to fill Waino's shoes. Hope his stint on the DL is short.
Ugh, that's possibly the most boring drive in existence.  Memphis, then Jackson are like waypoints of civilization, with nothing but fields and kudzu in between.
The radar doesn't look bad at all, at the moment.  Worst case scenario, the outfield grass might get a little slick, I think.
I take full responsibility for this rain delay.  I claimed that the radar didn't look that bad, and the baseball gods must punish us for my hubris.
