If you are white and play a position of a known white person, you are bound to be compared to them. Is their play style at all similar?
I have no idea but that sounds like a fun group to party with.
Every mention of "I don't smoke weed" is followed by "but do you drink coffee or drink alcohol?" "you're such a hypocrite"
I'm almost certain this is what happened.
Do you know how many people have had children and still followed their dream? I'd say millions and millions. You're only making excuses.
Ain't that the truth. One of the positives to becoming a parent is all the super powers we develop.
I'd party with this dude.
&gt; what OP is expecting  He's just wanting to find porn stars and probably go through their history to jerk it. I mean, that's what I'd do.
Bro, I believe its in the Geneva Convention, that once a girl has taken property of her mans sweater/hoodie, it is then their property never to be seen again by said man.
Pussy &gt; no pussy
It probably depends if reddit still hates them.
&gt; Cunningham didn't come close  I use to enjoy watching him. I remember being upset at how I thought it was unfair that they had to play in the fog bowl. I thought that was his year.
Bud Light. Superior drinkability bro.
If it got to that point, I'd ask myself if I wasn't putting them on right or not changing them often enough.
Based on their user name alone, I'd believe they have a good reason.
The problem is that you keep telling yourself there's a chance you will be with her again. Get that out of your head and you'll be able to move on.
I love Atlanta the city but their interstate where every lane becomes an exit lane sucks balls.
nah it's more like animals &gt; humans
The only thing I'll admit that he's good at is special teams.
spooky and precious at the same time.
yeah thats probably not the best idea.
The year or so when they are at that perfect height is the worst. Fun age but dangerous
&gt; but I'm not going to join the big game of make-believe where everybody pretends it's not obviously and substantially inferior to staying in the care of a dedicated parent.  I just have to disagree with you here. I put both my kids in full time daycare at 1. I'm in the camp that it's good for them.
Say no then. Nobody is making you make up an excuse. If you say no enough then don't be surprised when those friends eventually stop inviting you.
&gt; OCD, PTSD, or ADHD  Here's a few other terms that every redditor seems to be/have and I just want to tell them to STFU. Nerdy, introvert, awkward, anxiety, depression. Also not every one of yalls parents are narcissist.
Wouldn't bother me at all. I'd find it a bit flattering. He's not handling it well for whatever reasons. I'd say just do your thing at this party. If he comes talk to you then be nice.
To me it seems a lot of the responses are "Oh no this company is making more than I think it should"
I'm not buying it
Well, at least you have food taken care of when we get lost
Why not PEAR?
That young I'd just use those finger brush things. I wouldn't wake a sleeping 2-month old so I'd just do it whenever in the morning and again in the afternoon.
Oh yes, another "I hate Trump" circlejerk is about to go off. These always turn out well.
I've always thought the games look better on Fox compared to CBS. So yes I've noticed a difference. But it could be due to them having a dolphins vs jets game on every week. I swear they play every week and I'm over it
I've got news for you. That kid has just as much right as your bitch ass to be outside, grocery store, dr office or anywhere else. This just makes you sound like a bitch.
Why tho? I legit like and prefer bud light. Screw your strong recommendations.
I like this guy! I don't care what every one else is saying about you.
WTF is a Rick and Morty I see mentioned on reddit a million times a day? Whatever that is, that's what I'm sick of seeing.
It can be done and still look like a normal person. BUT there's a fine line to crossing over to looking like an emo high school kid.
Either you made this entire thing up. Or you give off whore-ish vibes? I'm going with option A
Ok you tried your best with clothes, haircut and gym. All of those don't mean shit if you act like a fuck wad. Chalk this one up as being too drunk and you made some mistakes.
I'm so sick of this stupid shit. Can we all agree on the following?   Guy - don't go around slapping titties in efforts of showing your interest in a lady. It's fine to show interest and hit on a lady until she says you ugly bruh.  Women - don't get mad and cry sexual harassment (unless at work) when a man hits on you or shows interest. Say nah bruh you ugly.   Then yall both just move on with life and be happy.
Duh universal income bruh
What's the saying. A vegan cat is a lot like a transgendered 4 year old. We all know who's making the decisions.
You mean your texting/messaging game is strong. Texting/messaging is easy AF, because you can be perfect every time by deleting/editing/coming up with the perfect answer etc...   Your game is weak if you're not doing it in person.
Either she got a large asshole or you got a small dick. No way you just go "surprise I'm in your ass.
That just seems like you have to go by the book and exhausting. I just winged it, start hanging &amp; banging, then eventually they'd ask if we were BF/GF.
Looks help get your foot in the door. Not being an autist, and being able to hold a conversation/be interesting/funny etc, keeps the door open.
You could use your words and ask him when he'd like to see you again. If he keeps saying yeah, but not following through, you should probably get the hint he has no intentions to.
It's one of two things neither of which you can help with.   1 - It's her being extremely manipulative and using the "suicide" to control you   2 - She is actually suicidal. She needs help you can't give her.   I personally think it's option 1. Don't want to chance that? Well next time she sends a suicidal message, contact her parents and the authorities immediately. You've tried to help, she won't let you which leads me to believe option 1, the only other thing is to send the professionals.
Look at it this way. You have 1st hand experience on how it goes. Many women do not realize they're in abusive relationships until it's too late. You should be able to identify abusive behaviors at an earlier stage due to witnessing it and be able to get out.   Also I don't hold people accountable for other peoples behavior.
