No that's just being a dumbass.
Get some self respect girl, this isn't a healthy relationship.
No, Staten Island is the safest.
Uh, I wouldn't want you as my kids pediatrician sorry.
ITT: Everyone finds what they're looking for.
No...no he doesn't :-/
I'm sorry but this is pure comedy...I can see this in one of those cheesy sitcoms... I do hope that cat comes back, for your sake.
Oh hell no, screw that job. I felt extremely dirty and sick just reading this. Ugh!!
Maybe I'm an asshole but I would ask for her to get it back after the dance. Maybe have her exchange it would another piece of jewelry that doesn't have yall name engraved on it.
Just make sure she doesn't give away the engagement ring :/
7 slices of bread!?! Can you find the source on that??   What about rum? I love a good rum and coke.
Exactly what I was thinking. The choice is being made for home now, and for his adulthood. The parents are basically determining his diet for the rest of his life.
Old enough to make... So that's like what 5 - 7 years old? Will he have a choice then?
I'm sorry, I don't understand how you aged so much? Other than losing tons of weight, you literally look like 70 now... how old are you?
I don't know I would be really happy with 10 rolls of sushi.
Happens enough in NYC for everyone to be rightfully afraid of them. You can fall at least 20 feet into god knows what and break your ankles or worse.
Things I wish I didn't click today....now I feel sick to my stomach :(
Is he dead? I can't imagine this fitting in someone :-/ He must have been insanely big.
&gt; I thought lemons make your skin photosensitive?   Then you do it at night before bed.
Not WTF. Mildly interesting more like. Also, is this gonna be come a thing now? Showing off our bloody instruments?
This picture is so old, so reposted, you should feel ashamed of yourself :(
Immediately made me gag, thanks.
My first thought was his downstairs neighbors must hate him.
These look cool but aren't they a bitch to maintain?
There's a lot of incest in this thread :-/
Damn that's pathetic :-/
How could she possibly sleep with that bright ass light next to her? :(
I highly doubt she uses half a roll in one sitting.
Was not showering for 4 months part of the therapy?? I would be even more depressed if I looked/smelled like crap.
I wouldn't hire you :/
You're not finding that in NYC. Only mech e. Gotta go upstate or another state.
Yeah...fuck everything about that... that's not love...your marriage will crumble so bad. You can't gain any wait (forget being pregnant), you can't have an off day to just laze around... what the hell is that???
TIL, thought u just threw them away!!
Yeh his family :(
I hate you.
Lol how to spot a white guy. No offense lol.
Why would you even try that nasty ass recipe?
You're right. It won't last more than 2 seconds in there.  As soon as she stands up woooooshhh.
Did you fight it? I wouldn't pay that shit
Why didn't you adopt Regina :(
Seems like a good riddance to me, what is he offering that's so worthy you're willing to overlook his lack of ambition and ignorant logic?
Don't you talk bad about bacon!
I always thought it sounded like you're bunking it with a stranger which is odd but I'm sure it's your own room.
Screw your sister, keep the damn dog. I'm willing to bet he's in better hands with you. The child (which I think bob is lying about) will be okay, esp after almost a year of not having the dog.
Reddit is like therapy, sometimes asking the questions out loud makes you answer it on your own. Please keep Steve!!
Move back to Canada at least you have citizen ship there. But if you prefer to stay in shitty US, get a gf and marry her. Have GC in under a year. Really you don't have much choice if employer won't sponsor you.
You got some hairy girly legs.
Wow all these points make India sound super scummy, doesn't help I'm a woman. Would still love to visit though :(
How the heck do you look 35 in high school ?!
Everything I was thinking. Iceland is so colorful and vibrant I just can't deal with it being in black and white.
