That thing is gross
You wouldn't think it by the way espn compares him to LeBron
Why do these posts get downvoted? Isn't this what this sub is for?
To his credit, but not his knowledge
I don't think freestyle means what you think it means
That was really enjoyable I'll stop making fun of people about it now
No me gusta
He needed to double up on comment and link karma
I don't like the wall all that much, another brick in the wall isn't enjoyable at all for me I never tried listening to endless river cuz I was scared it was going to ruin things for me..
I mean that's your opinion.... But really? You think it's their best? Huh.
Well... They are cute
If he put an "a" after "you're" he would have been fine. Maybe he forgot the "a"
I didn't know, I thought it was interesting
The first one wasn't *that* bad. I'm not saying it was good though
"The only thing consistent about you is your inconsistency"
I don't know if the artists you mentioned are good or bad in your opinion but either way drop kick Murphy's and Eiffel 65 shouldn't be in the same category
This sub has been shit lately. If people think they're going to hell for laughing at feminism, I should reevaluate my life.
Use protection moron
I'm pretty sure the vast majority of reddit were born before 1995..
Saw [this](http://i.imgur.com/0Qyu6S2.png) on /r/thathappend a while ago and I'm still angry from it
Not necessarily. I mean of course you would rather support your S/O over anybody else but if they aren't working and they aren't doing anything about it, it's... Unattractive.
I doubt there's anyone who would say otherwise over the age of 16
Bullshit
I bet a foot can kill me if I land it right. Should I try?
It's too funny for /r/funny. I'd say /r/gifs
I like to mess with him
I'm glad you posted it. There's a ton of covers on YouTube that go unnoticed and it takes a lot of courage for the person doing the cover to post them.
If there is any it would either be that or queen Jane approximately
I think they opened really strong on truckin but uncle johns band was.... Sub par  Edit: everything since has exceeded my expectations
Still going strong! He took a different approach to Cumberland blues but I still liked it.
Not bad [here either man](http://imgur.com/XDMI0Qj) I kinda like this whole concert on the couch thing.
No, thank you
So that squirrel is dead right? I don't see how it would have lived
I don't want him to leave but why would he want to go to the Lakers rather than wanting to go to the clippers?
..... Good point. I did say why would he want to though. It seems stupid that he'd leave a playoff contending team to go play with a bunch of scrubs
I think I'm being watched
There's a fucking movie called "white man can't jump" and people are offended over this? Come on.
Yeah I doubt it was him
1. Be attractive  2. Don't be unattractive
No one is safe
It'll happen again.
Make them alcoholics. It worked for my parents.
I don't feel special anymore
If I look at them they'll kill me
If you would have said "yeah I stole it from there for karma" it would have been better than saying you took it from break.
TIL I can do the impossible
Needs more fish
&gt;its half empty now   Someone's a pessimist
This is the worst thing I've ever read
I hope he does
