I've heard the new keyboards have an excellent keybed, although they're a bit feature-lacking for keyboards that expensive. That being said, if you want Komplete, and you want a keyboard, you might as well buy them.
Think of it this way- future you, under the genjutsu, wouldn't feel sad that they don't have any pain. Sure, you wouldn't be happy during the process of being forced into the genjutsu, but in the long term you'd be much happier. Given that Madara knows this, and given that you're still the same person under the genjutsu (whether by the pattern or continuity theory of conciousness, or because you're in the narutoverse and absolutely guaranteed to have a soul) it would be the most ethical (at least from a utalitarian persective) thing for Madara to do, regardless of what you currently want.  Plus, a sufficiently good simulation is indistinguishable from reality, and we don't get any indication that the people under the IT realize they're dreaming. Any lotus eating machine worth its salt would make sure to include just enough problems in the dream to make you feel like you're still struggling and doing something meaningful, but not so many that your overall enjoyment is decreased. And the IT is certainly worth its salt, as countless ninja, experienced at spotting through illusions, don't realize something is wrong.  Scary thought for the day: what if the IT succeeded, but in their dreams people saw themselves beating it, because that's what made them happiest?
\&gt;intertwined   \&gt;battle for all eternity  Dunno, man. Sounds kind of hot ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I'd say the majority of the planet, easily, believes he existed. His divinity is in question, but muslims, christians, jews, hindu, even many atheists believed he existed. That definitely accounts for, at least (by my estimate) 2.5 billion, and likely more.
This is where it's at, man. Memorizing key signatures was way too much of a pain in comparison.
still neckbeardly, but not nearly as much as believing it's his waifu.
Yeah, that's bullshit. Except for create outfit to thirty, that can stay. I get the impression that people who join the game then make an outfit just for their friends don't stay long anyways.
I know the problems this system has, but I feel that the potential for new player retention could rise significantly if implemented correctly.  For the first group, if they make their own outfit it's just the blind leading the blind, and they leave, overwhelmed.  For the second group, unlocks like this have been going on for ages on much more popular games (read: COD), so I don't think it'll negatively impact recruitment of new players.  For the third group, it's all bad, yeah. That being said, if you're in an outfit and making alts, you're already pretty likely to stay with the game, the ultimate purpose of the update.
&gt;As it is still wishlist, a lot could change including full takebacks.  Yeah, as I see it, that's my primary concern. I like the general idea, but I think items need to be shuffled around so players are immediately funneled into being useful to their team (medic, engi, MAX standard, for example) with more niche things coming in later (like infiltrator) but everything unlocking by BR 15.  Except for outfit creation, that can stay at BR 30.
Yeah, it might be a good idea if they were to make it account-wide.
&gt;I would have never continued playing this game if Infiltrator didn't exist. Mained it from BR1 to BR100.  That hardly contradicts what I said. It's a niche interest- sure, some people might be infiltrator fanatics, but the vast majority won't be. I'm a dedicated airsperg, and I still put ESF to BR 15. And it's really not arbitrary- in the thread I made for this, support classes and vehicles are given first, then infantry in increasing order of difficulty, then vehicles in increasing order of difficulty.  &gt;Do you think that new players will have a lot of fun by holding a repair/healing gun up to players and holding LMB? Do you think that will excite them enough that they'll want to stay?  Do you think they'll have fun constantly dying and never feeling like they're doing something useful? Anyways, the support classes give the highest XP for new players, and the medic in particular has a decent combat ability. They'll be able to unlock the other classes faster with the support clases than if they were given the other classes and had to kill themselves up to the support classes.  &gt;The "New Player Experience" should be based around making the game fun for new players, not for turning new players into the support slaves for the game's BR100s.  The new player experience should be based around making sure new player stick with the game. Fun is secondary, because they can always have fun after the new player experience finishes.
Scythe PPA/AH will definitely get nerfed. Not because they're OP, but because Banshee is UP, and infantry players will never agree to a change that buffs it.
That's what I thought about the banshee. It was literally unchanged since launch.  What I think will happen is that the AH will be nerfed first, for its power against aircraft, and then, with the PPA being clearly better than both at infantry killing, it'll get cut down to size.
No, because the OC version is inevitably given more horsepower to run it,  so it doesn't need to hold the console version back. Imagine if they tried to also make every console game a mobile game.
Like you're any better for using Ad hominems without hearing the whole story.
You think that excuses being a douchebag? He was harassing a member of the community, and regardless of how effective he was, I wouldn't want him posting in /r/planetside
I ship sarada x bluehair dude. Not for any good reason, just because.
Ninja are dicks in general. If pardoning oruchimaru gets hum working for the greater good, they wont think twice.
Danzo was a dick, so killing him pretty much immediately redeems sasuke.
I thunk ninja in general have a much higher threshold for considering someone a monster, considering all the sh*tty stuff they do. Oruchimaru still qualifies, but since he's the leader of his own country, they'd be more likely to forgive his crimes if it kept the peace.
Desert Storm.  It's easy to win when you can dispense freedom via tomahawk missille
Yeah, I understand the problem, but the way it ends up being is that either there are enough people trying to destroy me to fend me off, or there aren't. Spawnroom heroes lower my enjoyment of the game (which may, admittedly, make them a better deterrent) but they're not significantly more likely to make me leave than the same number of players doing the same thing outside the spawnroom.   Additionally, whenever I see a fight with more than one ESF successfully camping spawn, it's generally a fight where the side with the ESFs heavily outpop the defenders, so they could spawncamp the defenders regardless.  I'm not going to say that vehicles (ESFs included) camping spawnrooms isn't a problem, but letting people fight from the spawnroom isn't really a workable solution.
I mean, I'd be fine seeing hornets/rocket pods more firmly segregated into their roles, although I can't speak for any other pilots. For example, I've long been a proponent of dropping 100 splash damage per hornet rocket (so they deal only 900 total in a volley) for extra speed, and I'd give up all the splash for extra speed and damage against armor (especially sunderers, ESF's can do virtually nothing against them.). And at this point, rocketpods are already pretty bad at killing heavy armor, so I'd be fine with seeing them changed to a resistance type completely ineffective against heavy armor, mostly innefective against light armor, but with a greater inner blast damage and more damage against heavy air (because trying to take down a liberator or galaxy with just a nosegun is nearly impossible.)  As far as noseguns, I don't really think they need to be changed. I mean, I wouldn't really care if they were, but I basically only use them for killstealing. Unless I'm in a massive ESF zerg (incredibly rare) I basically never kill any ground vehicles by myself with them. The exception would be the banshee, but that's less because it's good against vehicles and more because it got so frustrating to use against infantry I was willing to risk my plane nosing up close to the backsides of tanks.
The banshee isn't just UP compared to the other ESAI weapons, it's UP compared to the rotary. It has so little splash, it basically requires direct hits.
666 satan (AKA o-parts hunter, written by the less famous kishimoto brother) is really great, just fyi.
Then they're all underpowered. That's like saying every MAX AV weapon should be nerfed to the level of the fracture, or saying every flak weapon should be nerfed to the level of the ranger.
It's more battlefield 4 meet EVE online, minus the spreadsheet simulator.
If I know I can only pull somethi,g every 7 minutes, it's sure as hell going to affect my playstyle. And I fail to understand why an equal number of players, each individually more vulnerable, playing more difficult to use roles, shouldn't be more effective than players using an easier platform. Skill matters on the ground, why shouldn't it matter in the air?
Steel beams? Yes. Tree branches? Hell no.
Huh. Probably still better to be dead looking at a map than alive looking at a counter, though.
If you're writing a crossover, just do whatever you want.
Because then they'd be useless at actually killing people?
It would honestly be rather overpowered- aircraft would basically be flying turrets, or spaceships. If they were truly helicopters it would make sense, but ESF's are more like F-35's than apaches. The valkyrie has the greatest yaw speed.
Huh, I thought it was only maximum stealth.
Funny how in your comment you forget about geography.
Please don't camp warpgates- it's extremely cancerous behavior towards the airgame. Aside from that, go for, it.
Centrist voters matter quite a bit, as that's where swing votes tend to fall. Neither party has anything approaching ~50% of the popular vote locked in, and someone as liberal as sanders will definitely get the republican base energized to vote.
I'm going to have to disagree. I've seen plenty of excellent stories that follow the spirit of the prompt.
Again, I disagree, but these are subjective opinions anyways, so it's not worth having an argument over.
Nah. It's still pretty bad, it's just better than the others in groups because of its large DPM and HMG resist type.
ZOE is inherently broken, in that it gives a mobility buffs to what's already the tankiest infantry unit in the game. It's always going to be either OP or useless.
That doesn't make much sense, though-- why should the AV option be better than the AA option? I'd even be willing to take an AV secondary nerf against galaxies in return for a nosegun buff.
So you base balance decisions based entirely on your personal dislike of ESFs? Well, I guess it's pointless to argue with you, then. You're unlikely to listen to anything I have to say regardless.
Eh, I've always thought forcing specialization doesn't make sense, when vehicles can't change loadouts. A heavy assault is good against everything, so vehicles should be at least as good.
Every MBT in the game lets the pilot switch between driver and gunner seat. If you don't think that's a big deal, I propose preventing seat switching for the pilot of any vehicle, including air vehicles. Sure, ESFs aren't nerfed, but liberators are.
&gt;That's not true. Hornets can out-DPS two Engies, and no other ESF weapon can do that. Hornets are the only weapon you can put on an ESF that can kill a competent MBT on its own.  That's your argument against it? Hornets are overpowered because tanks aren't literally invulnerable to them? That's kind of ridiculous. Well, ok. You can get hornets removed, but I want to be able to outrepair flak turrets and walkers. It's only fair, right?
&gt; When the best solution to a unit type is more of that unit type  That doesn't sound like a problem that gets fixed by nerfing the hornets. If you actually want a fix for that, propose AA buffs. That's the whole point of this thread-- so tankers don't need to get in an ESF to get rid of ESFs.
Then why post a reply? That's like saying "I've got such a good comeback, but I'm not even going to go there." It's immature. Either say your piece or delete that comment and I'll delete this one. Even if it's just flatly stating where you disagree without any arguments.
I'm saying that if ESFs had only one weapons slot, their weapons would have to be buffed to compensate.
So you're saying that the easier to use weapon with several times the HP should be strictly better than the equally single-purpose option? Are you dumb?
