I just thought it was impressive. You don't have to find it inspiring. But, what do you find inspiring if not things like this?
Slightly, I would say,  because smoke and fog are more dense than air.
I see references to Gary being a depressing, terrible place Peru often...what about it makes it bad?
Awesome work! Looks like a sci-fi scene framed that way.
Well, a person might have a 'natural weight' in the sense that their height (mostly) and body structure (I'm talking broad shoulders vs small frame,  for example,  not "I naturally have a lot of fat on my body") determine their healthy weight.
OP,  I think the phenomenon you're trying to describe is the result of how the body functions from an energy perspective. Everyone has a rate at which they expend energy strictly to stay alive. It's called the basal metabolic rate and it is the number of calories per day that someone's body burns in order to carry out basic, involuntary functions like digestion. It's dependent on the current state of the body,  especially weight.   A 300 lb, 6 foot tall man might have a BMR of 2500 calories a day. So,  if he eats 2500 calories a day and does not exercise at all,  then the difference between consumption and expenditure is zero. When there is no net difference,  a person tends to maintain their weight. But, if he either eats 500 fewer calories per day OR burns 500 extra calories through exercise,  he suddenly has a deficit of 500 calories. When the body operates at a deficit, it turns to fat stores to make up the difference--so routinely burning more than you consume will always cause weight loss,  barring weird medical situations. (sorry if you already know all of this)  The thing is,  if the man in question loses 50 lbs doing this,  then his new weight means that his body now needs less energy to operate normally. If he needed 2500 calories at 300 lbs and changed his diet so that he was eating only 2000 for a while and lost that weight, maybe now he only needs 2200 calories to function and maintain his weight. If he's still eating 2000 at this point,  then the weight will be coming off more slowly because the deficit is now only 200 calories per day (as a rule of thumb,  a pound of fat is equivalent to about 3500 cal).  Some people don't realize that they need to be adjusting their diet after significant weight loss. Essentially you have more leeway when you're very overweight than when you just have a few pounds to lose.   (this is the way I understand it,  at least; if anyone sees any errors please let me know)
Then everyone would drive 5 mph above *that* limit. And so on, until we're all driving Mach 2.
Yeah, and the kid is hiding a deadly throwing triangle on his left elbow too!
&gt; Do not look to Reddit for medical advice. Talk to your doctor about this.
Understatement for sure! If it was to scale it'd be about 200,000 feet tall.
Since I doubt you'll get any anecdotal evidence, I'll speculate:  Yes, given the opportunity, a tiger would eat a trench fry.
A day or two, then no one will care anymore.
You should of made another mistake so you could pass all of them off as being intentional.
That's the spirit!
Clarity.
How would a few ounces make any significant difference during even a 12-14 mile day hike?
Well sure, within reason. No one is gonna hike with heavy useless gear but yeah, even a pound or two of luxuries aren't a deal breaker for a day hike.
I think s/he meant near Rainier, not around it. Haha
Alright,  I just didn't think that counted as being OC.
Same reason the sky is blue. And there's a lot of sky between you and the mountain.
That can't be right. The grass is growing backwards.
Oh okay,  cool! It's definitely rare to see this far south, congrats on shooting it :)
This is how it is in America.
Welcome back. That said, if you are going to leave again the instant someone makes a 'remark' then I guarantee you will not be here long.
The reasons I have read are cost effectiveness and ease of cleaning.  I don't know why everyone else thinks it would cause spontaneous friendly situations while doing our business. We don't go around peeking in and greeting other poopers. We just kind of go in, do our thing, and leave.
Probably an unofficial reason, yes. haha
Man...only a week removed from the finals and I already miss Mike and Mike.
Probably more recent. I think the galactic core is visible to the northern hemisphere starting late spring/summer?
Oh, that makes sense. But diet sodas cannot be 'hidden calories' because, you know, they don't have calories.
It should be noted that these are small c calories, not kilocalories/food calories/Calories.
You're still at a deficit, no...? I'm confused why you're disappointed.
Strictly speaking no, but it might make you feel better/refreshed.
Living up to your name.
Honestly, I doubt it's enhanced all that much,  if at all. The lake is damn blue.
Pretty sure they take into consideration a little more than previous sales when negotiating a 2 billion dollar purchase.
mentally disabled doesn't mean NO EYES jesus krist insensitive!!
move to arctic circle
Most people don't have such contempt for it.
Gotta keep it brief. His time is worth like 4 dollars per second.
I think they're interchangeable.
I think they don't eat a metric asston of it.
Some pretty sweet sledding there!
Damn right!
No real reason to buy a standalone GPS unit if you just want to track distance and elevation. Plenty of apps do that with just a GPS signal. I haven't tried out many but RunKeeper works fine for me.
Are you sure your memory is correct? And that has really happened?
You're literally evacuating matter from your body, so... yes.
Kobe has 15x as many votes right now. Unbelievable.
Sorry you're being ridiculed, I can see why the distinction between tackles might be unclear to someone unfamiliar with the intricacies of the sport.   Basically, this isn't what people think of as "a football play." Leading with the helmet and/or directing a hit toward someone's head/neck area is usually a significantly more dangerous way to bring a ball carrier down, and relatively ineffective too. It's more of an attempt to injure than an attempt to make a play. Compound that with the fact that he didn't even have the ball, and it's just a dirty move.
Well the related videos are partly dependent on what you like to watch... just saying.
Like... I just don't understand how anyone could ever love him.
