Yeah I was kinda being sarcastic anyways. Because mapporn always has the most ridiculous random maps so this kind of thing would fit in
Wow reddit sucks. JLo uses her fame to endorse a charity and all you people care about is the fact that she isn't dressed like mother Theresa. I'm willing to bet JLo has donated more to charity than everybody in this thread combined. But no fuck her because she has some rings.
Why would this petition affect them at all? Are the guys who made bloodborne gonna be like "ok guys we can make $50 billion dollars from PC but all these sweaty guys just signed this thing telling us not too. *sigh* guess we won't get that money"
To be fair some people do eat dogs. And some people keep pigs as pets. I don't get the argument you're making. Obviously people are not going to stop eating beef. Would you rather cows be treated like shit before we eat them or would you rather they get to enjoy the time they have alive?
I do refuse to admit it's wrong. Because I don't think it's wrong. There's no argument to be had here because neither of us are changing our mind. You value an animals life just as much as a humans life and I don't. End of discussion
Yeah but what does the second part even have to do with the first part? The more proper way would be:  Yeah alcoholism and drugs are bad,  But maybe if you're can't quit drugs and alcohol you're better off dead anyways.  Or something like that. Yours is just kind of confusing and doesn't really mean anything
Yeah those are interesting stats but.... It's Star Wars. You could release it any day of the year and I'm fairly certain it will smash every movie record there is. Has there ever been a movie with more hype and excitement surrounding it than Star Wars?
People don't just come on the Internet and lie about things man
First of all, how **DARE** yo u
I don't think that's the problem because some of them that aren't playing come from /r/perfectloops and they are definitely meant to replay.
I was surprised I made it this far before I saw some douche make fun of your beer choice
I would help my best friend torture them to death and then eat them alive
It's been years since I played so I could be wrong but I swear you could do an impossible in at least one of them
I call bs I bet you've never been to Walmart. Because they wouldn't point, they would look in the direction of the games, grunt and fart then walk away slowly
Tomato tomato
Yeah last I heard voat was down. Might be back up now. But I could care less if the CEO is a nazi, I just want to be able to get all my news in one place and be able to have discussions about it. Which reddit still is, so I'll be here till that changes
Are they supposed to open every box and check every bag of fruit snacks? It is the fault of the warehouse or whomever sent the fruit snacks to Walmart. As others have said, it is walmarts brand so yeah they are at fault in the end but it isn't necessarily the fault of the particular store that sold the snacks
That's classic marketing. They don't give a fuck about existing customers it's all about making new ones
Cmon man, that's so politically incorrect. We call them 'Chinamen' now
No offense guys but this sub is becoming a bit of a circlejerk
He has insurance he doesn't need a helmet because they will just replace his head with a new one
My mind says no... But my boner says yes
Christ I would really like to see your top 10 if Kobe isn't in it. I'm no expert on players from before the 80s but I don't see how you can possibly leave Kobe out of the top 5.  Edit: I appreciate all the feedback, I would agree now he might not be top 5 but I still believe he definitely deserves top 10
I don't want to be the one to make an argument for him because I don't know all the stats off the top of my my head but I would really like to hear the argument where he isn't even top 10. I won't deny that there is a strong circlejerk for him but I seriously can't think of 10 players better than him. I'm interested in hearing your opinion though
There is an argument there, but I would put him ahead of Larry Bird for sure. Also I'm surprised you left out Wilt. It's hard to compare players from the NBA now and players from the 60s. Because Russell's career stats were bonkers but I really don't think he would have been nearly as dominant in today's NBA, at least not nearly as dominant as Kobe has been for 15 years or so
Hard to take that list seriously when they have Tim Duncan as the #6 best player of all time. People seem to be forgetting how God damn amazing Kobe was in his prime. He has an 81 point game, five 60 point games, and like twenty 50 point games. Kobe used to play like Lebron in the playoffs this year, but every game all the time. Whoever made that list must have forgotten to consider Kobe because it doesn't make sense that he's not on there if Lebron, Duncan, Bird, and Shaq on there. Kobe misses one year and everybody forgets who he is I swear.
Why do people think Tim Duncan is better than Kobe Bryant? I really don't get it. They're both amazing players but seriously Kobe in his prime is way better than Tim Duncan in his prime. I remember watching Kobe play back in the day and being mesmerized at how amazing he was. Nobody compared to him until Lebron nowadays. Maybe I'm just not giving Duncan enough credit though. To be honest I rarely ever watch the Spurs play so I really shouldn't be talking, but it just is crazy to me that people say Duncan &gt; Kobe.  Edit : and when I say nobody compared, I meant people that came after him, not before
That's just how things always go. Just like how black people use phrases and words then whites people start saying them and the black people have to make up new words until we steal those too
It's weird to think that 9/11 is the greatest tragedy a lot of Americans will deal with in their lifetimes, and the amount of deaths on that day are crazy to us, but back during WW2 these kind of tragedies were happening every single day, with like 100x more deaths. It's such a cliche thing to say but it really helps me put things into perspective and be happy with my life.
Lol yeah i doubt your average prostitute is going to be half as good looking as the girls he is with
Does the average /r/cars browser not drive an old Datsun? Huh, news to me.  Edit: apparently the average r/cars user has trouble sensing sarcasm as well.....
Haha I imagine the person who masturbates to that stuff has a lot of degrees, and is very, very boring. And probably doesn't even get all the way naked, just pulls his dick through his zipper hole and leaves his shirt tucked in
Why don't you just shut your damn mouth you little shit....
Hahahaha oh man I just imagine some 70 year old flying in circles, titties flying everywhere and loose skin all over the place. But I would say your grandmas tits are saggy because she is a grandma. Also why is your grandma talking to you about why her tits are so saggy?
Living up to the name. Perfect
People are so shallow amirite
Lol I don't think being a drug lord is something you can just choose to walk away from peacefully whenever you want
Lol good luck getting the winner to give all his money to strangers on Reddit
Am I the only one around here who thinks weed is better than alcohol?
I think the chances of somebody picking the exact same numbers as you did are about the same as winning the lottery
Every time I see this I read through the whole thing it and makes me want to shoot myself
Yeah I know but I'm saying the chances of 2 people here having the same exact numbers are incredibly low. Like crazy low. So I don't think it's necessary to post your numbers because there is basically no way 2 people will even have the same number. Unless you expect millions of people to post their numbers. Even then I bet the chances are slim that 2 are the same
Haha yeah because it takes so long to turn airplane mode off huh?
Still don't have to worry about every dick only like 5% of dicks
I expected there to be a funny ending but it just sort of ended unfunnily
Each K&amp;N sticker adds 10 HP as well
Solution: pay all college students 6 figure salaries. Problem solved
I think some leg scrapes will be the least of their worries without helmets
Haha all I had to see was that his nickname was Dr. Steelhammer, didn't need to know more
The paragraph at the end implies that it is only illegal on the subway. It says it's legal on facilities just not on the train. So I assume it's also technically legal on tables in a park
