I drink and drive heavily. They've clamped down on this recently so now whenever a cop pulls me over, I wait till he approaches and shoot him in the face.  I wouldn't have to do this if the drink driving laws were less harsh so the drink driving laws are obviously to blame. Abolish drink driving laws and you'll be saving lives.
Spicy food isn't acid and it won't burn your skin no matter how much you eat.
You're not wrong. No one is an idiot just for believing in God. Just like no one is an idiot just because they believe in homeopathy or telekinesis or astrology or aura cleansing.
No no, I got the point. You think that's it's wrong to generalise about people based on a certain aspect of their life. I agree with that, and was illustrating that agreement by saying that similar things happen to other types of people who believe similarly outlandish things.
Not drowning may be better in the short terms but for long term weight loss, nothing beats death!
You realise I now desperately want to microwave some grapes, right?
You can't honestly believe that's the test. That you should only disbelieve things if you can prove they aren't true?  If so, prove you're not a cucumber. Or prove that I'm not God.
No. Neither do you.
Oh god, the temptation! THE TEMPTATION!!
You're right. The problem is that this argument can be used to prove anything and make any belief appear equivalent.  You cannot prove that pixies aren't real, you cannot prove that whales don't live in volcanos and you cannot prove that you aren't not a cucumber. Does your inability to disprove these things mean you believe them?  I'm not arguing that there is absolutely no God because there is no evidence for that. But I cannot believe in something for which there is no evidence. Yet your belief in God depends entirely *on* this lack of evidence.   It is not possible to rationally argue that the absence of evidence for the existence of God is, in itself, evidence of the existence of God.
You're right. The problem is that this argument can be used to prove anything and make any belief appear equivalent.  You cannot prove that pixies aren't real, you cannot prove that whales don't live in volcanos and you cannot prove that you aren't not a cucumber. Does your inability to disprove these things mean you believe them?  I'm not arguing that there is absolutely no God because there is no evidence for that. But I cannot believe in something for which there is no evidence. Yet your belief in God depends entirely *on* this lack of evidence.   It is not possible to rationally argue that the absence of evidence for the existence of God is, in itself, evidence of the existence of God.
And yet you say that you *do* know...
You absolutely right. Sounds like more of a methhead to me. Reckon she probably took the pokemon book off a trucker who found her unconscious in a highway rest stop after a 72 hour meth and jenkem binge with her pimp father, probably as payment for shitting in his mouth.
I agree with most of these but the final one is retarded. Did they not bother to read the law beforehand? Of course it's possible for Duggan to have been lawfully killed even if he didn't have a gun. Kinda diminishes the impact of the others that the final one is so stupid...
Why do you have faith that God exists?
It's the only logical conclusion.
It's not. Neither is wire fraud. What's your point?
I think the reason that young people feel this way is because they've only just learned about corrupt the world is and they are outraged.  The reason older people don't feel this way is because they are resigned to the fact that the world is corrupt. I'm not sure this is better.
If you're skilled enough to install Linux in the first place but still can't get it to work properly, it's probably not your fault that it doesn't work properly but rather the fault of the designers that created an OS too difficult for a reasonably smart IT literate person to figure out. Usability is a critical part of any piece of software.  Windows works. I don't want to have to get a degree in computer science to browse cat videos.
Oh yeah, little Mr Knowitall here knows all about it. He don't need no medical degree or any knowledge about the subject at hand. He just thinks it's wrong cos it's, like, mutilation and that's, like, wrong man. Only things he thinks are real are actually real.  Edit: on reflection, this is hardly the most sophisticated comment I've ever made so I'll try again.   Fifteen years ago, you'd have been banging on about how wrong it is to empower gay people to follow their perverted lifestyle instead of helping them overcome their urges and become healthy straight people. Fifty years ago, you'd have been saying how wrong it is to empower mixed race relationships instead of encouraging people to form healthy relationships with their own kind. 100 years ago you'd have been wittering on about how women shouldn't be empowered to think they should vote and how much happier they would be if they stayed in their natural subservient place in society. 300 years ago, you'd have been saying that the idea that the negro should be empowered to seek freedom is wrong and they are much happier in their natural subservient roles as slaves.  The specific bigotry may change but the bigots never do.
Despite what I've heard, it seems he may well have done a *few* things wrong.
Drill and replace gets you more cash than two minutes of picking. Why undercut themselves?
The thing that I love about this fact is that the only way it make sense if people also played horseball.  Association Horseball. Rugby Horseball. American Horseball. Canadian Rules Horseball. Aussie Rules Horseball. Gaelic Horseball.   How different the world could have been :-(
I think it's more that white people make bad neighbours...
&gt;no evidence of that theory  I love people like you because you're so easy. I can have discussions about philosophy or science and it's hard to prove a point. But you, you sir, are just great because it's like shooting racists in a barrel. Nothing like an easy win to start the day off:  http://m.sgo.sagepub.com/content/5/1/2158244015573359.full
That's exactly what I don't get. Star Trek wasn't a terrible film but it just wasn't Star Trek.  Abrams had the opportunity to create a new franchise, a new Star Trek, but chose to butcher the old one for marketing purposes.
Erm, you said there was no evidence. I provided evidence. Thus what you said was wrong.
I really liked the first series but the second felt nowhere near as good. Just not as funny and much more clichéd.
&gt;"lyrics" for the theme song that were never used  Never used? I think I remember them being aaaaahhhhhAAAAAhhhhHaaaaaaaa
Listen kiddo, if you don't want to be called racist, there is an easy solution. Stop being racist.
Don't listen to this dude, the IRA are a terrible investment. You'd be much better off investing in a growth terror group like ISIS. Even some of the newer Asian groups would be a better bet in terms of a five-year return.
You mean like a tracker fund? Good thinking, spread your investment out to minimise risk and smooth the returns.
&gt;it is illegal to use a business as an intermediary for an individual to buy from a distributor  Isn't that, well, exactly what a business is supposed to do?
So what you're saying is that I need to talk more?
I'm outraged by this. Surely they could have just rolled the guy under a row of seats and had the cleaners clear it up afterwards instead of ruining the film for everyone else.   Literally the most selfish thing I've ever heard.
That sounds like a really sophisticated way to say that you can unsuperglue your fingers with warm water.
Well, I don't know how *straight* it is...
When I typed A this is exactly what I was hoping for!
Otherwise known as the single most disappointing beach in the history of mankind...
Reports of my fame have been greatly exaggerated.
This is the bit I couldn't get around. If you can determine that you are now a different gender to the one you had at birth then why can't you do the same for ethnicity? Presumably this woman felt black. So why can't she be black?
Well, I agree with you about people being born a certain way. I just believe the some people are born with biological features that don't match the rest of them. They aren't changing the *way* they are, they're just changing the outward *manifestations* of the way they are.  But I completely agree about the logical inconsistency.
But that's a cultural history. And this woman clearly feels culturally black. If a black kid in Brooklyn can identify with people taken on slave ships hundreds of years ago, why can't she?
That's the thing. Imagine if someone was forced to resign for pretending to be white. I don't think that would be seen as acceptable.
But why not?
Using the Manhattan project as example of secrecy is a bit of a mistake. The Soviets had worked out that the US was trying to build a nuclear weapon by 1942 ie the year that the Manhattan project started and had successfully infiltrated the project a mere year later.  Not to mention that thousands of people were aware of the project, they just didn't know what it was for. For example, staff were checking clothing with gieger counters but they had no idea what they were actually doing. This works fine in 1943 where no-one had any idea about this sort of thing but i think that an airforce mechanic asked to dispose of a jet or an army soldier asked to gun down a bunch of passengers two weeks after 9/11 would probably figure out something fishy was going on. Less than a dozen people knew the full intent of the Manhattan Project and the Soviets still knew about it and had infiltrated it in a year. Thousands of people would have had to known the full extent of a US government conspiracy over 9/11 for it to have had any chance of success. The idea that every single one of these people would have kept their mouth shut for fifteen years is so far from reality it's laughable.
It actually didn't work. The Soviets had infiltrated the project by 1943.
The fine will impact their stock price. It will make it go up. We know this because the company's share price went up following the announcement.   Why? The market thought it would be worse. This is good news for AT&amp;T, not bad.
You're not wrong. But alcoholism is an illness. It isn't simply as easy as just not drinking and it's not comparable to pretending to be a Christian.  Imagine if we took a similar approach to other illnesses? *My father suffered from depression so I can't date anyone that does*...five years later...*OMG you have depression, this is utterly outrageous and I'm dumping you immediately for lying to me*.  I'd hope most half-decent people wouldn't be so lacking in compassion.
It's ironic because he's now doing eighteen years for possession of a firearms while under the influence of drugs and possession of drugs and also for the theft of a few dollars. *Eighteen years*.  It's a fucking joke.
