&gt; So then after being fired, she decides to publicly post all that information out of spite? That's not something to be commended.  Given that we're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars of IP here, I would assume that poster signed a legally binding non-disclosure agreement, yet still decided to release the information via Reddit.  If the poster didn't get sued to oblivion, I'd be surprised.
&gt; Jim Bob Duggar was an idiot for not seeking professional help for his son.  There was a post somewhere about his views on incest taken directly from his political website, to the effect of advocating for corporal punishment.  In light of this information it's pretty obvious why he tried to bury it.  It would be great if one (or more) of his kids came out as gay.  I think we'd see his head explode trying to reconcile this with his staunch evangelical and right-wing conservative beliefs.
&gt;That's like, totally different.  I'm *not* saying the cops actions were justified--I find it appalling this guy was let "off the hook." But, it *is* a completely different encounter when a police officer kills someone: they're acting as agents of the state for the purpose of enforcing laws, whereas a citizen is not.
&gt; He's lost the story and/or fell too much in love with the fame and fortune his books and the HBO show have given him that the story has lost importance.  The guy is famous for the first time in his life, enjoying the paid appearances and all that.  I think he deserves to revel in it a while.  It was probably a poor professional decision to allow the HBO show to move forward without a completed saga, but it certainly was a good business decision.  He could just give up writing tomorrow, and I'd be OK with that. Not because I don't *really* want to read the forthcoming books (I do!), but because life is not so much about pleasing other people, but much more about making sure you're satisfied with what you've done.  If he is, then good for him.
&gt;they indirectly told him to stop torrenting shows and shit during the job interview  This is standard, because it illegal.  You shouldn't be breaking the law if you hope to work in a sensitive position.
Well, the didn't *learn* on that POS.  A quality instrument certainly helps when learning to play.
The problem is that "regular people" eat junk food and combine it with lack of exercise.  Obviously a star athlete will have no problems temporarily eating garbage, but the average person will just as obviously have lots of problems with it.
You know you don't have to be a member of a political party to vote, right?
While I agree that humans have evolved to love the taste of fat, so there are probably lots of people that would love that, it looks like waaay too much fat for my taste.
Diggin the Judge Dread one, looks cool.
Is it weird that I really want to know where they got her Pip-Boy?
Uhh, I don't think so.  Unless of course you mean committing felonies for releasing classified documents or, you know, generally treasonous behavior.
&gt; and hinted at Comcast sucking at their job  I think it's common knowledge that the monopoly model of current cable internet providers stifles innovation and drives up costs, making internet access more prohibitive instead of less.  Fiber competitors are a good idea, but the infrastructure for widespread deployment is not available, and won't be any time soon.  So, it's not just Comcast that is embarrassingly bad at supplying internet access to the USA, but the other providers don't do any better.
No, I think those people getting scared of the black guy are the real racists of the clip.
&gt; But it's important to know that numbers and math are things we invented and not stuff that actually exist  There is debate about whether mathematical relationships are discovered or invented, so I'm a bit unclear on what you mean here.
There is nothing wrong about reaching for a pen and paper to do arithmetic problems. There is no "right way" or a "wrong way" to reach the correct answer to an arithmetic question.
Yes, but not for many others, and definitely not in general.
Considering that employers no longer respect "company loyalty" why should an employee by working so long?
It is definitely an art.
That is one chunky baby...
You know women are made up of the same stuff as you right?  Just a little less of it?  Although they may not seem like it, they're pretty durable.
Shouldn't this in the very least be brought to the attention of the FDA?  Exactly how a pallet made it into the food production line should be of concern.
Slick detective work.  Not sure if I should be impressed or frightened by this.
I doubt that was his goal.  He probably wanted a settlement from Pepsi, and was going to split the profits with the investors.
&gt; I've said this a number of times, but in ten to twenty years conservatives will be touting the idea that the ACA was basically drafted from their playbook (which portions of it definitely were).  Except that it'll always be known now as "Obamacare," which the Republicans coined too.
You're completely disconnected from the market if you think places like McDonalds are staffed primarily by "high school kids."
It sounds like a lot of people are confusing "choose to identify" with "believe I am." Those are two very different things.
&gt;I won't charge you.  ...aaaannnd that's how you haggle.
I guess I was hooked from the books, but the show is very good on its own.
I thought they hit Amos' personality spot on--he's a psychopath after all, with absolutely no moral compass.  I'm curious as to why they put Naomi in charge.. I like it so far; tv show Naomi is much more assertive than book Naomi.
I really liked Dark Matter.. waiting for season 2! I also really liked Killjoys.. lots of potential there too.
You might consider reading the first book.  Its an easy read.
Well its worth it to binge the first four episodes now.
&gt; The last 2 books were shit, and I don't think any future book is going to be much better  I read the book series to date in one go over several months, and didn't notice any quality issues between books.  In fact, I noticed that the quality remained steady while the story got more complex.
&gt; couldnt the people of mereen potentially grow her armies when she goes back to westeros  Wasn't this the obvious intent of building an empire in Essos?  I just kind of assumed it would get around to her building an army and invading Westeros.
What do you mean by "subpar?" I think the opposite: in a field (sci-fi/fantasy) dominated by terrible writers (e.g., bad grammer, poor word choice, corny stories), his work stands out above and beyond many others.
Sci-fi/fantasy had such a stigma for so long, I kind of wonder what people that used to make fun of it think now, with the huge success of the genre (e.g. Battlestar galactica, GoT, LOTR trilogy).  Are they still telling themselves it's stupid, or are they telling themselves that they were stupid for making fun? Don't give much weight to what one naive girl thinks; there are plenty of (beautiful) women out there that are huge nerds.
How did he manage to avoid getting shot and killed by a homeowner?  I can't imagine someone breaking into a house at night in the USA and not expecting someone to level a gun at them..
I'd use the "Bob Ross font."
And don't forget to subsidize the big businesses that let taxpayers supplement their workers income with welfare programs because they pay them so little.
&gt; You vote for independence due to what you believe is a positive future over generations.  The neat thing about voting is that you can vote any way you want for whatever crazy reasons you like!
Targeted strikes against military targets according to rules of engagement is absolutely not "murder."  I envy the sheltered life you lead.
I would assume the STEAM version would not work without some additional effort.
What does public education have to do with EMS? If those are the two options, it makes far more economical sense for taxpayers to subsidize a public education system that directly contributes to increased GDP by ensuring the entirety of the populace a basic education.  It's also well known that increased education correlates positively with increased personal income.  It's really a win-win, both personally and as a society.
In another universe, you just won Powerball.
It's funny because it's true.
&gt; It will eventually become illegal.  No, it won't.  For the same reason that planes do not fly themselves, nor boats.  Self-driving cars might have something to add to highway commerce, but it's not going to be near the level that people are expecting.
I don't see any problem with this as long as the animals are treated with respect and humanely sacrificed.  We all eat to survive.  So it is, and so it's always been.
The only thing that stops a bad guy with a Longbow is a good guy with a Longbow.
&gt; if the FAA eliminates the line of site requirement  Why would they? Now it seems like too much of a liability to allow for anything else.
