Of course that's how it is. What you say with scorn I say with conviction. It really, really does mean that much to me.
Adding the /s ruins the humor. Let it stand on its own merit, and if the joke is well-phrased and contextually appropriate, people with intelligence will appreciate it.
It needs to be stressed that it happened in the *same series to opposing teams*, and that neither pitcher walked anyone.  This Is The Greatest Game In The World.
The kid needs a nickname to go with the stellar career he's about to begin.  I propose "The Iron Giant" but I'm willing to hear other suggestions.
If I'm the batter and they move the catcher into the field, I'm just going to swing and miss at three straight pitches and saunter to first on a strikeout. Doesn't seem to be a particularly intelligent defensive move.
Why not "don't cross the streams?"
Honestly I think this sort of thing is why players have twitter accounts. It's not something you do on the field, but maybe pass by the clubhouse the next day, and if the team has left then you make 140 characters out of it.
If there's been a greater regular-season game ever played, it's not been nominated so far.
A dangerous attitude in the spoiling game. It's got us into trouble before.
&gt; On 1, it seems historically certain that Jesus really existed and was a popular preacher. The bulk of writings about Jesus talk about the things he said and did before his death.  There is no contemporary evidence of the existence of Jesus. None at all. I'm happy to be wrong on the subject if presented with good evidence.  When historians "agree that Jesus existed," the conclusion basically revolves around "it's difficult to believe the man was invented entirely out of whole cloth." History is not a science and they're not held to the same rigors of testability or burden of proof.
I like the phrasing of this question as opposed to the usual "what record is unbreakable?" After seeing Ripken, Ichiro, Henderson and McGwire/Sosa/Bonds all in my lifetime, I don't accept the notion that any record is unbreakable. The game can change.
If folks weren't so scared of sabermetrics the starters could just be automatically determined by highest WAR through June 30.
In my head I would put it around the late 70s/early 80s when the money involved in the game began to take off exponentially (free agency, tv deals, etc.).   [This is a photograph of a Dodger Stadium crowd in the 1970s](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cf/Pete_rose_at_bat.jpg). You'd be hard-pressed to find even a cap, let alone a jersey in those seats. Modern Dodger fans might forgive me when I say that LA was never the most rabid of baseball towns, but the team was competitive throughout the decade and obviously the seats were full. Merchandise just wasn't a thing back then.
And the crowd respects it. I dunno if anyone's ever said this, but Cardinals fans are pretty good.
What part of what he said isn't true?
Raise your hand if your fantasy opponent had Scherzer this week.
We all know there's a difference between "getting votes" and "actually worthy of the Hall."
If I could stop you from suffering, I would. That's the difference between me and your god.
I think it is folly to consider *any* record truly untouchable.  The article makes some pretty daring statements. Declaring Van der Meer's feat unbreakable is, as others have pointed out, bad timing, after what Scherzer did last week.  What they're basically doing is saying that records are unbreakable *in the game's current state.* Sure, no one's going to win 59 games *this season.* Or next season, or for the foreseeable future. But the game *changes.* Radbourn won 59 games when baseball was a vastly different endeavor. It's changed a lot. *And it will continue to change.* One day we may find 60-game winners to be commonplace.  *Everyone* said Gehrig's streak was untouchable. Right up to '95, no one thought Ripken *really could* do it. He did it, and kept right on going. Someday I think someone will beat him too.  Why isn't 73 on the list? The steroid era is over. Why don't we believe that no one will ever break Bonds' record? Is it because he made it look easy...that it seems like anyone, under the right circumstances, could clobber the ball out of the park with equal frequency? I don't see the difference between hitting 762 home runs and earning 110 shutouts. I really don't.  When I was a kid, Roger Maris was a record-holder. Lou Brock and George Sisler and Henry Aaron were record-holders. Not anymore. All things end.
Wow, I don't see any comments saying "you ever stop to think maybe the last guy parked just as badly and they were forced to do this?" Those make me angrier than the parking job itself.
While this was fun for a while, the problem is that if it were actually a "curse," you'd think that it'd be easy to identify what *ended* the curse.
I guess I'm missing something. Wouldn't it be perfectly reasonable to assume that a team's winning percentage halfway through the season will be pretty close to its winning percentage at the end of the season? Teams do fall apart / catch fire, but as you can see it's relatively rare.
That actually looks really cool. It's tailored to pro ball which isn't common in scorebooks.
I'm not prepared to say it's better, but the nature of today's game allows for the whole country to experience the fun / frustration of every team. We can all get together and cultivate the stories and the memes, and the players feed off that.
Costas is a poet and we need more like him. But he was trying a bit too hard here.
If you plopped Maya Angelou in front of a microphone and made her describe her surroundings for three hours I bet you'd get one or two fart jokes.
A coworker overheard a game on my radio and wondered aloud: "is there really a difference between a 90 and a 95 mph fastball?" I don't think this is a stupid question for an outsider, but anyone with a knowledge of pro-level baseball would understand what a *fundamental* difference there is between those two speeds, especially when a pitcher can throw both.
I'm generally cool with them taking as much time as they need to get the call right, though I'd prefer they take as many reasonable steps as possible to keep that time to a minimum.  My own beef is with the way everyone just stands around frozen on the field while the manager decides whether or not he's going to throw his flag. That part of the system is hella broken.
These days I always think of graphics as sort of plateauing, haven't been blown away by anything in quite a while, but looking back at this it's obvious that they're still getting a lot better (just more gradually then when I was a kid).
I think you mean "theists," not "deists." Deists usually stop short of personifying their definition of a god, and to them a nebulous "intelligent designer" of any form could be satisfactory.  A *theist* is just any god-believer, and could be a deist or an adherent to a religion with a anthropomorphic, personal god such as Zeus or Yahweh. And you're right, there is a big difference between a "watchmaker" and the God of Abraham, and the steps needed to get from one to the other are often...creative.
If it were deliberate then perhaps the designer could have just made us immune to tumors in the first place.
Baseball is a child's game, played by adults, and occasionally by men.
"I say we do a deep dish!"  I was thinking the same thing.
If the planet were uninhabited then the Prime Directive wouldn't apply. Humans have colonized tons of worlds; a descendant of humans should be able to do the same.
We know God doesn't exist? When did we figure that out?
When did you figure *those* out?
Of course I believe there is a chance a teapot is orbiting Jupiter. I don't believe a teapot *is* orbiting Jupiter, but I'm not prepared to claim the opposite just because it's ludicrously unlikely. Practicing intellectual honesty and declining to claim a negative doesn't mean you give weight to the positive.
&gt; There really is not.  Yes, there is. We have invented teapots, we have pondered the idea of teapots floating in space, and we have sent probes to Jupiter, in that chronological order. It is *not impossible* we've put a teapot into the Jovian system.  The best position is to say *I have no good reason to believe a teapot is orbiting Jupiter.* That is *not* the same as saying "there is no teapot orbiting Jupiter."  Your other example was an "invisible pink unicorn." I might be prepared to say that such a thing, as defined, cannot exist, because I don't think you can have something that is simultaneously invisible and pink. "Invisible unicorn" and "pink unicorn" would be logically sound, regardless of the unlikelihood of "invisible" or "unicorn."  So as far as gods go, there are *definitions* of gods that could be self-contradictory, and safe to rule out. But there are *lots* of definitions of gods, and not all of them fall under that scope. Zeus, as far as I know, is not logically impossible. We tend not to give much weight to Zeus because we've discovered more realistic explanations for things once ascribed to him. We can go about our business without worrying about not accounting for Zeus, or any other gods, or unicorns or teapots. To claim they *don't exist at all* is speaking out of turn.
It shouldn't be surprising that you found him, since you both post in the same threads around the same times with the same opinions, including in a very specific gaming sub.
Basically the same as my view. I literally don't have an opinion on the matter, but if the two leagues ever do combine, it's pretty obvious the NL will adopt the DH.
&gt; Which aspects of the Trek future do you think will be possible in the near future?  A nuclear holocaust.
Hope you don't mind staying up reeeeeally late.
Whichever one copies the entire plot of the Old Testament and repackages it under a fresh coat of nostalgia.
Shatner as Khan confirmed.
I don't find any of those impossible to believe. If those were the criteria for a god, there wouldn't seem to be anything impossible to believe about that god.  The problem is there isn't any reason to think such a god *actually exists.*  It's like, let's suppose you have a neighbor. He's nine feet tall, 150 years old, has green skin, and can run a mile in three minutes. All of these attributes are impressive, but not impossible. Does this neighbor exist?
No NHL? He must've been too good for 'em.
That last hand might be the funniest thing ever aired on television.
They put "Kilroy Was Here" on the National WWII Memorial. It's a somber memorial to a somber event, and they included a cartoon meme. Most of the people who get the reference will be dead in a generation, but it will be there for all time because it tells us something about who they *were*, not just what they *did.*  It doesn't stand out; you have to go looking for it. And that's what Griffey's plaque will be like. Anyone who's been to that museum knows that the plaques all look the same until you actually walk up to examine them. That's the point where you *might* notice that Griffey's hat is backwards. It'll tell future generations who he *was.*
If a scientist doubts the BBT and then becomes a Christian, they were a shitty scientist. It is not an either/or proposition; if you don't accept the established model explaining the expansion of the Universe, you are not automatically accepting the Christian creation myth. You would say "I don't know" until you had evidence in support of your belief. If you were a scientist.
Aren't Jedi usually supposed to eschew love and family? He couldn't be Han's father. And Han would never name his son after Obi-Wan. Who would buy that?
