You mean a timer that tells me I have to go x amount faster! Glorious idea!!
If done right this can cut congestion, if done poorly it causes it.   If you are at a 4 way stop and 2 cars are traveling in opposing directions and can clear the intersection during the same period of time this allows twice the traffic flow.
IMHO, a soldier is whatever, a veteran is a hero. Once you have made the decision to put you're life on the line to fight as my proxy I owe you a debt I cannot repay. I don't care if you are as the person below a cook or in front line infantry, you have put yourself in harms way for me and our country.
Honestly, the only thing that could make a crypto currency worth anything is some sort of tracking and accountability system. Yeah anonymity is great for drugs and hookers but for a stable system that can be trusted it needs a paper trail, especially on the internet. I don't have the money to risk some new hack that takes all of my bitcoins.
Yay! Lets keep F1 using crap technology and nearly no suspension as we wouldn't want any real relevant tech to be designed.
That video demonstrates why open carry should be practiced more often. Every single one of those officers should be absolutely ashamed.
And I think you have no clue what goes into suspension geometry and design and how much more dynamic the suspension will have to be if they move from the 13 inch wheel. Right now the majority of the suspension is in the tire. The move to 18s takes all of that away.
Do you want to kill the last good paying jobs for the uneducated masses... cause that's how you start the beginning of the end.
Clean efficient nuclear energy!
Look, at least I'm not FIFA...
That is a ridiculous article... it uses the value of your vehicle in the equation... The average adult would have their car even if they worked from home 100% of the time. Also every mile is 795 dollars a year... not 15900, the 795 dollars is just the interest on 15900 not the principal.
Im okay with them paying for other peoples hospital visits... when they pay for mine. Single payer system or bust!
O_o Raid 10 gives a 100% speed boost over a single spindle with 4 drives.   So 4 SSDs would be a 2X read/write increase roughly.
You do understand that is in whole impossible right? Stock price has no effect on a company other than psychological and by influencing decisions based on the CEO/board's ownership stake. If you own X shares of a company and it still has assets... your shares are never worthless... At worst you own X percent of the assets of the company after debt. For the entire market to go bust you would have to have EVERY company listed hit 0 which means its debt is worth more than its assets.
Because humans aren't meant to be as "productive" as we are. Our productivity is killing us.
We found the person who gets angry about jokes...
Massive gyroscopic forces from the wheels probably helped a lot.
Make all the PU's cost the same. Unlimited development. All development must be passed to any customer teams immediately. Bam done. Costs are now fixed so if merc wants to throw a bill at the engine they can but they aren't going to get to anything more than a better engine.
Tires are also about the same weight as standard ones and those are the furthest from the center so have the most gyroscopic effect.
Maybe it's grouping people that donated 1000 and 500000 in the same bucket. So on one side you have 0 dollars and the other you have 1-infinite dollars.
i TAUGHT i SAW A PUTY TAT.   Bam, no one can say he didn't think he saw a cat... It would basically take a full on confession to get more than a manslaughter charge on that dude... or at least it should.
He didn't make a great case for himself, how he handled himself after the crash was probably why he got convicted. Showing no remorse for the death of 2 people is pretty effed up.   Past that, for him to get hit with first degree murder is pretty insane. First degree generally requires premeditation but the extreme indifference qualifier seems a tad insane and something any decent lawyer should be able to mitigate with a cooperative client and a plea bargain at the least. At most this guy should have gotten 2nd degree murder with a "in the heat of the moment" qualifier to drop it to a 3rd degree felony. Manslaughter or Vehicular Homicide are more appropriate. The DA threw the book at this guy and his lawyer was too shitty to correct the situation and the guy also dug his own fucking grave.
Aye, he opened his mouth... You never open your mouth.
I always wanted to do a vertical mount for a rack server with the butt of the server sticking up so that the intake got cool air and exhausted it up.
"Awww, thank you" is the appropriate response, or "aren't you sweet"... If you don't like the person complementing you then say whatever though.
At the point you can be put in a cage I think most of you're rights have been revoked.
What is ruined can never ruin.
They are whatever the fuck everyone calls them.
Cargo pants are so out.
WTB Steve Jobs back...
Always wait till the last day!
This is a badly used meme... you should feel bad.
So much work for a worthless ego clearomizer.
Meh at this point its kinda whatever, he doesn't have to run a sub ohn coil in it and it gives options for the future.
The bigger drivers probably have to be nearly malnourished on race weekends.
Yep, too long of a fuse, I throw 30 second timers at deer... very explosive.
Sorry, that is totally wrong. Look at the new macbook... its a tablet with a keyboard for more than a grand... Its a glorified netbook of the past.
Yep, and I can wipe my ass with 100 dollar bills but I could put them to better use
By H2S Filled space, he means his wife farted and held his head under the covers.
700 people knowingly endangered their lives and lost the dice roll... How do you pity those people?
Sorry, there are 7 billion people on this earth... I can only care about so many and low on that list is people who kill themselves.
meh who needs response time, just have them all talk to eachother.
Think about that for a second. There is absolutely no way you could have the charging board connected ONLY to the batteries and not have it also connected to the chip. It all creates one circuit.
You are wrong! There is a risk of a hard ground if he doesn't perfectly touch the positive pin on that carto. If you look at the threads on that 510 you will see that the positive pin is not sticking out so he has to guide the button top inside the threaded ground section.   This is a baaaad idea.
ARIN was stupid in the beginning. Now these companies own the space and it is a big asset.
Ehh, whoever was handing them out at the time. Lots of companies have huge blocks.
Well if they can sell it, they own it... And as IPv6 comes alive (if ever) then yeah there will be a devaluation, but until that day the price of an IPv4 address space does nothing but grow.
Give actual statistics, going from 1mbps to 3mbps is tripled but its still not much... In this case it went from a min of 15 to a max of 49 Gbps... in the scale of actual traffic... that is nothing... zilch...
Wouldn't any rifle be an assault rifle at that point? "Bob, could this rifle be used to assault someone?" "Why yes, yes it could."   https://i.ytimg.com/vi/rKs9IUtu-Ws/maxresdefault.jpg  http://accurateshooter.net/Blog/mossberg2202.jpg  These 2 guns are practically identical, do you know the difference? Does one just look scary to you and one look like grampa's hunting rifle? Both can kill just the same. This retardedness about "Assault" rifles needs to fucking end.
It's on his back... Not a very strong tactical position. I would prefer to see it over his shoulder pointing up but meh.
