Technically the most logical answer
That reads like a sitcom
I loved their king Crimson cover though
Man this makes me so happy. Star Trek and Seinfeld are probably my two favorite tv shows/series.
Idk, I could argue it wasn't even Pink Floyd's best album
One of the best metal bands ever imo
This is part of the reason why i just buy CDs.
I think it's fairly commonly accepted as a genocide among Americans, at least in my state
It just seems like he completely overreacted to the situation
It maintains the balance
Can't tell if it's stupidity or just not caring
Vol. 3 is such a great album
Damn, that's sad, he looks so fucked up and out of it
Warning is a really good album
That last part made me sad
They can be pretty funny when people aren't being assholes about it
Even so, cutting he guy just because he didn't go to the optional OTAs seems like a bad precedent to set. Chip can't possibly expect every player be there every year.
Schecter makes some great looking guitars definitely
I don't think they had heavy metal in 1715
Don't take it personally
TBF, I can see how getting booed on draft day would affect the way you see the fans of your team
It said that the detergent left horrific burns in his windpipe, so yeah, pretty painful I'd imagine
Damn, that's seriously messed up if true.  It also says that it may have been the daughter that posted the Facebook comments.
Green Day has great lyrics
Do you think you would've changed without that comment?  In a way you could say it benefitted you I the long run
I disagree, the fact that we have a video of him knocking out his wife affects his ability to be signed massively.  It's easy to look past issues if you haven't actually witnessed the crime they've done, but seeing it affects people in a way so they won't forget it
AFD is one of the greatest albums ever imo
Yeah, I feel the same way.  Their debut just seemed pretty mediocre, but their second and third albums were great.
Justice imo is their only album that didn't have a weak song, other than maybe Kill em all
It's close with them, I think Dirt was probably a better overall album, but not by a lot.
Eddie, stick to guitar playing, not medical diagnosis.
He had good taste
Fucking amazing song
Bill has a surprisingly good voice
His people have suffered so much, they don't understand.
I can't express how horrible of a community it is.
Seasons 1-3 were comedy gold
There's no making you people happy, is there?
This guy probably actually is
Oh, ok, sorry, I thought you meant something else
I kinda prefer Julian and Garak
As in there isn't much variety?
Honestly I feel like people don't value music as much anymore.  Most people don't think it's worth spending money on and if they do its spent on a subscription, not actually buying the product.
I see him as a step in the right direction
That's such a stupid argument.
That's pretty cool
With all due respect, that's pretty harsh.
That's a sweet lookin guitar
True, I'm just saying they might be able to use that as an excuse
Fuck it, I don't even care.  It was still a good movie
