I think I remember reading it does have something to do with their State Constitution that allowed them to have a specific dual purpose checkpoint.  I am not sure where I remember hearing about it though.
It is understandable to be angry if the thing is flying around your backyard and possibly videoing your family.  I guess the question is, how is airspace defined over ones personal property?
I'm a bit perplexed at the downvotes against a few of the people because there are certainly times, for example, during a trial where you have waived your 5th or during a court proceeding where it does not apply. Now technically I suppose you could still refuse to answer questions or make statements in those situations, but it could have an adverse effect.
I have to assume the keys thing falls under the "officer safety" umbrella.
Yeah [here is the article](http://www.nj.com/eagles/index.ssf/2015/06/does_chip_kelly_lecture_in_2008_explain_eagles_swa.html).  Innes is just doing some racial trolling.  You can almost hear it in his voice.  Race talk makes for lots of calls.
He is.  The entire bit is fake racial outrage to get listeners fired up and call in.
He had some great videos.  I have a feeling he made them private while this lawsuit stuff is being panned out.
I think sometimes people are prepared to exercise their rights but then encounter police that also know the law and act appropriately.  The encounter suddenly goes in a direction the citizen is not prepared for.  The only thing I can see him being upset about is that they are photographing his license plate and likely will run the tag.  I am pretty sure though that the police can run anyone's tag whenever they want as long as they are not doing so as part of some personal reason.
Especially liked this because the trooper asked about a license but didn't demand to see it. He may have known the guy was filming but still good work on both parties part.
There is also the possibility that state troopers are more educated than the run of the mill town and city cop. I like to think they know more of how to behave but they also likely know of all the videos that exist and what the guy "is trying to do".
I do think that if a person is worried they are not prepared to deal with the police, then don't talk at all unless you are being detained and have to give your identifying information in the state you live in.
Let's sue OP for being a serial reposter and try to get Reddit even more press coverage and traffic due to the frivolousness.
I couldn't tell if that person just didn't read or was being a simple troll.  Some people read only the headline or opening paragraph and go right to the comments with what they *think* the story is about.
i just checked and someone did and it was downvoted.  it only has one comment and those people are pretty damn serious over in that sub:  Well, he isn't 501st, so I would wager they made the right call. That kit is horrible. Even Rubies doesn't make crap like that.
How many hits with a bat before the punishment for purse snatching is fulfilled?  This is important to know if ever in either persons place.
You are right. In fact he should have been summarily executed.
I give the kid extra credit for using the soap or whatever it was as a blinding agent at the end of part 2.
hahaha this one did leave me a little stumped as to why.  I can understand the entire post since the link is now dead, but the video is everywhere now and people can find it easily.
I hope it isn't a reposter account.  I figured it being a few years old and not having many views, it may have been missed being posted here.
Ahh ok.  Usually someone comes along and figures out the original.  I don't think it is a big deal if it is a reposter, if the video is old and hasn't been seen by many people.
They would fail anyway because everyone is still clinging to them and their bibles.
I believe he had his cell phone on him. I was getting really nervous they would just start going through it when they realized he was willing to take this all the way.
I'd assume he would while out doing this test but one can never be certain.  It almost would be better NOT to have it locked in a situation like this.  They would be piling on to the already existing lawsuit if they started going through it.
Don't underestimate the police departments lawyers.  They will do and twist everything they can if it goes to a civil trial.  Prepare for claims of "the current terrorism threat", "anti-law enforcement sentiment", "filming their private vehicles for xyz"....
This goes beyond the cops.  The DOT has the info set up whatever way on his DL that it causes police dispatch to also give out the wrong information.  If the dispatcher tells the cop that his entire license is coming back "disqualified" or suspended or whatever they want to call it, it isn't the cops job to start asking the dispatcher to check with this person and that person to make sure it is right.
I might be out there on this point, but I couldn't care less about words that some people consider "bad". It is so stupid that we place emphasis and highlight certain words just because people one day decided it wasn't appropriate to say. What I didn't like anout the video is the physical violence the kid is showing toward her doll. That is what should be addressed first and foremost.
This might not sounds politically correct, but you'd have to literally have an makeup artist paint you brown.  Sad that race is the obvious catalyst to many of his illegal detainments.
A cheaper and simple method would to just put on a turban while filming.
I hear this argument all the time and all I can do is shake my head.  If they don't want people open carrying, then they can change the law.  Don't blame the citizens for exercising the rights the government gave them.
Notice she never said she liked her fucking whore doll either.
I believe he was driving on a suspended license.  It's just an interesting exception where not giving consent for them to go through your car does not matter.  That being said, I imagine the law on this issue only gives them a certain latitude on what they can do as far as looking through a vehicle.  Obviously an inventory check wouldn't include them searching behind your door panels and stuff like that.
That is crazy!  I'd love if there is more information on this subject.  I suppose all a person can do is make sure they are recording and tell them they do not consent anyway.
Ok that is splitting hairs but you are right that you can walk up and ASK anyone for ID.  They cannot just walk up and demand ID when there is no RAS/PC.  And the police cannot force me to give my ID just because someone calls 911 and says they think I am suspicious walking down the street.  Even in stop &amp; ID states, they cannot lawfully ID someone who is suspicious unless they believe the person has or is about to commit a crime.  Being suspicious is not a crime.  The problem is that if you are arrested for failure to ID, a judge would likely side with the police on whatever RAS they allege they have, since the threshold is so low.
Something else interesting is how will the police and even a judge determine what is "profane language"?  Is telling a cop "suck my dick!" the same as telling him "suck my D!"?  How about if i whisper my profanity to the cop so there is no doubt that only he can hear it?  These ridiculous profanity laws always bring up the broader social point that there are people who sincerely become offended that certain words in languages are actually "bad" and should not be said.  Think about how fucking stupid that is.
Not shitting my diaper is futile.
I am unaware of even a stop and ID state allowing vehicles or even just people to be stopped for merely being in a high crime neighborhood.  Now, you saw the person leave a known drug house?  Ok then I can see you basing that off of RAS.  But just merely being seen walking or driving in one of those area's does not allow you to stop someone just because you think they may be up to no good.  Now I know about [Illinois v. Wardlow](http://pinac-cdn.pinac.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Illinois_v._Wardlow) but that involves people running away without provocation.  You are making it sound like you just stop people for no reason other than they are driving in a high crime neighborhood.
Oh ok well that makes more sense.  The sad thing is that the people in those area's would likely not even have the means to challenge the reason for the stop anyway.
I understand that, but it is unlikely the criminals you do arrest even have the opportunity to realistically challenge their charges and the reason for the stop since they are likely going to just have a public defender and take a plea deal.  I assume many of them don't even think about the reason for the stop and just focus on what they are arrested for.
I am all for people sharing links they find on other subs.  It is definitely a good thing to get as many people to expose as many of these videos as possible.  The only thing that caught me off guard was  using the exact same title.  I always try to use good reddiqquite and mention the X-post if I use a submission from this sub.  It really is no big deal, but it is something so simple to do, that that is what bugs me a little.
I'm up for seeing some puppetry of the penis. Can you do the Baby Bird?
Plus section (a) being under the larger section of "Amplifying Equipment" makes it seem even more likely it wouldn't be applicable.  I have a feeling lots of towns and cities have weird ordinances like this though.  Just in that town, you can see other ones that outlaw obscene and lewd signs and stuff like that.
Do black people think it's racist to call terrorists thugs?
I have to imagine that most female-on-male rape data has to do with teachers and students.  Even if the male student wants it, the teacher still may get a rape charge.  I'm sure there are other things too such as caregivers who perform different types of rapes on the mentally and/or physically incapacitated.
I would as long as they give me their victims to eat for a fair price.
If you google "virginia law spinning tires" you see several people on different websites have been charged with it as well.  I would think it falls more in line with careless driving but that is only my opinion. It is stupid to charge someone with something so serious unless you are lighting up the tires on purpose just to show off or if you are drag racing.
Teach her a lesson and find some side cock of your own.
he should go right back out with a sign that simply says POLICE AHEAD and see if he gets another ticket.
I believe a few of these have been posted before but it is nice to see the person behind them here in the sub.  Keep up the good work.
I often say, why don't police just call them "safety checkpoints" all the time?  They can get your DL and still find people who are intoxicated.  It seems like an easy way to circumvent the single purpose scope.  Maybe I'm missing something as to why they just don't do it like that all the time though.
I DONT EAT BABIES!!!!
