Yes, but those children later grow up to be Palestinian terrorists, so they deserve to get bombed. #ZionistLogic
Of course not! Ha! Ha! Don't be ridiculous, right? I was just addressing your point by providing evidence that shills exist on the Internet, all over the place. But, you're right—I mean, *why* would a shadowy, centralized organization controlling the world's currencies from the world's closely-knit and centrally-managed central banks want to secretly interfere with a profoundly disruptive "trustless, secure" technology like Bitcoin that, if adopted worldwide, would quickly erode their power by decentralizing their control over the world's currencies! LOL! That's absurd. We all know that they play fair and by the rules, out in the open! After all, what's at stake?? Only the entire world economy, hey?!?  Carry on.
Would this be a picture just for show? I expected more weight packed on top to direct the projectiles sideways, where they would do the most damage.
Did you know that **[women smoke for different reasons](http://aware.on.ca/sites/default/files/women-and-smoking_0.pdf)** that men? Women have fewer ways to demonstrate independence than men do. Their self-worth is driven by attention from boys (via intense competition for that attention among their peers)? Women are not validated (or, rather, do not receive that validation) through participating in the same avenues as boys do (sports, academics, etc.). Just simply "knowing it's bad for you" isn't enough. A daughter here, a daughter there, sure, a dad can look and say, "Whelp, I told 'em." But, as a population, we can be more aware and do better. That is what I am saying. Everyone as a whole benefits when we delve deeper into WHY people make choices, and, when that data is revealed to be incongruous to the best choices or society's goals, then we can act. Just shrugging it off as something someone "just did" isn't going to better things for anyone coming into these vulnerable ages.
*Control*. The things you just described remove the centralized authorities' ability to control you. As you know, there are hundreds of offenses, the bulk of which are not related to driving, where the State can restrict your driver's license, thus restricting your mobility. This is what they don't want. They want *their* capital to zoom freely around the world via free trade agreements, and to enable goods produced in impoverished countries by enslaved people back to sell in your market, where you are still restricted. They make the money off the margins and you still have very little economic mobility. The purpose of this is/should be to change this, to loosen the grip of these corrupt, centralized governments on restricting how you trade, where, and with whom. They want that power for themselves and their friends. They are not willing to play the game according to their own rules. That is what I think Bitcoiners are working to change.
I am saying that a simplistic view of "they knew it was bad for them, so why should they be surprised if it kills them? How are the companies responsible??" isn't helpful or productive. It is simplistic in that it ignores the human, deeply psychological reasons why people smoke, and we know from viewing emails, research, and other documentation produced by these very companies that they know this and have deftly capitalized on these views to increase smoking among new customers. Viewing it as a *choice* is actually too simplistic. These addictions, [as we are now discovering,](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/johann-hari/the-real-cause-of-addicti_b_6506936.html) go deeper and have different causes than we thought. Do you think we are addressing these deeper causes? Humans are treated as individuals today, but the needs of our social animal nature is ignored. This is largely what drives smoking. Your daughter, for instance, was seeking to enforce boundaries by making a long-lasting decision contrary to your wishes. Research, however, shows that smoking rates decline if other ways to allow teens to demonstrate their independence are enforced. It's not that you were a bad parent. There are other things that we can all do together.
If they were smart and would cover all that desert in solar farms, they could, uh, be the Saudi Arabia of solar power!
The *service* in this city sucks. I'd call the concierge, but when I dial '0' the lady pretends she doesn't even know what I'm talking about!
Agree. Have seen him before and he's instructor-level. Am I the only one that feels like he's not Syrian?
I watched Braveheart and thought, "How would anyone even hear him?" Not making a joke. Maybe the speeches were given simultaneously, by many people?
It seems to me that 1MB is actually a good limit. And limits can actually work in our favour. Am I an idiot? (There, that'll get this reply started on the right foot.) I am not necessarily comfortable with Bitcoin growing and developing into doing things other than just being a currency. Maybe I'm a n00b, but, how much more information does a transaction need to have? Are we weaving V8 contracts into the blockchain, now?
They're paying for a look under the hood, and later on maybe for the people, too, not the technology
Crap! What do you think happened in that situation???
I don't even bother waving at the half-shell fucktards. If your definition of "coooool" is ignoring friendly people, well, that's all I need to know.
We walked on the moon *50* years ago. Progress? Let's not put our collective shoulders out patting ourselves on the back. There's a reason the phrase "lunar industrial complex" doesn't exist, people.   Pretty much all we've got to show for all this *progress* are guided missiles, surveillance, and the "selfie" generation.
Let's have an audit and see who's right.
I bet you $0.10 that it does!
And pedantic.
This is because they also believe that the Earth was created 6000 years ago. The spike in CO2 looks "natural" to them on that timescale. But it sure isn't on a timeline of one million years, let's say.
Impossible to do, though. Once the radio waves are transmitted, there's no calling them back, and they'll serve as a huge signpost saying "We're here." The progression of a civilization after discovering radio waves is pretty locked down, mathematically-speaking. Hiding just isn't possible.  I believe, however, that no one is travelling interstellar space for nefarious purposes. We have no reason to hide. Once a civilization masters the laws of physics, there is no scarcity. Other than our culture, there is nothing we have that anyone would need.
[Think of the assumptions](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11115/111150904/3796759-5220289697-3q7bi.jpg) you're dealing with, here. For instance, it's a HUGE assumption that their species will populate beyond their habitat's limits, and will thus need additional space. Ours does this, but we're stupid. The laws of nature, however, are about to come calling on Earth, and our civilization will either adapt, coming to live within its environmental means, so to speak, or   It's also a huge assumption that interstellar travel is feasible. I don't mean *possible*, here, I mean feasible, as in, that we'd even *want* to go anywhere. The risks aren't worth the rewards, yet. How close is the nearest habitable planet to us? [This](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_nearest_terrestrial_exoplanet_candidates) site says it's 12 light years away. So, even at .25*c*, what's the plan? Send a bunch of people with their iPhones to live in a new planet with nothing but some animals, or bacteria, or that's full of dinosaurs, or only to get there to find that it's in the habitable zone, but uninhabitable? This is such fantasy. The amount of things that they have to get spot-on is just too large. Even if they could terraform, then why wouldn't they terraform their own planet, or convert additional planets in their solar system, or..... it's just silly.   We're not trying to populate Mars. We can't even *go* there, *en masse*. It would take maybe ~15,000 years to terraform it. In that time, mankind will have met its maker, or at least, its make-or-break moment...
Agree. It's fun! Let's examine your points:  - Few hundred years ahead? The odds against that are *astronomical*. Dinosaurs, for instance, lived without radio waves for 250,000,000 years. Against that timeline, the odds of a civilization being only a couple hundred years ahead of us are so low as to be zero. So, either we would arrive at the nearest star and find that we're too primitive and unwelcome there (or would be assimilated), or... they're dinosaurs and we're lunch.  - Why would anyone need an interstellar weapons system? What would ANY civilization *capable* of crossing interstellar space possibly need from another planet? Think about it. They'd have enough energy to literally create matter itself, at will. Even entire planets. We totally, totally underestimate the amount of space between stars. The energy needed to send any usable amount of people and machinery at, say, 0.25*c* would literally make going there unnecessary if you could create that.  - Radio waves would take 25 years round trip to reach the nearest star (with a habitable planet) and then return (assuming they received everything, etc., and replied). It's boring, wouldn't you agree? Not a way to communicate.  There IS a "net," however, that seems full of alien consciousnesses...
I thought the most recent episode of Survivor was pretty 'on point,' shall we say
..but, realistic
Canadian here. These posts are so laughable. We'd kill to have half of this problem.
I hate the GoPro battery. Too short. I'd even go for a solution that's powered by the bike for long trips.
My main concern is, "Would it have caught the plate?" So hard to know. I feel like helmet mount is the best way, as a front-mounted camera wouldn't catch someone T-boning me.
Nah, we caught a break when we drew Vancouver in the first round
Depends on whether your definition of "correct" includes the concept of *complete*. Iran, proxies, yes. Great. We all know that. But you don't feel like calling out the rest of the proxies, either? Who's behind ISIS? The US and Saudi Arabia. Who wants an ally in the ME? Russia. Go on, call out the rest of the proxies. My issue isn't with what he said. My issue is where he stopped short. Fill Afghanistan with Russian troops and yep, you've got an annexation going on, and it was called that way in the US press at the time, yet now, here you are, pretending like what's happening in Afghanistan isn't a *de facto* annexation?? You don't think Iraq was deliberately destabilized by the US? Or Yemen, or Pakistan, with its constant US drone strikes? Hypocrisy dialed up to 10...  Nothing to see here...
I'm not pretending to live in the same world he does. But pretending he faced ANY of the same struggles or is ANY sort of spokesman for their struggle is a bit much if you ask me.
Seriously—you don't see my point. Really.
The *neg.* It's like Shaw thinks our wallets are their VIP champagn room.
Hmm. I say the same thing about Justin Trudeau and my comments are -5. Guess making the the dancing Japanese cats more expensive rustles major jimmies around here.
So was Jesus. And they'd crucify him today if he showed up, too.
Lou Gherig died of Lou Gherig's disease. *How* did he not see that coming? -Dennis Leary
I'd take Tanev or Horvat in a MILLISECOND
In hindsight, yes
Room on our bandwagon
I don't know how you guys are saying this. In the playoffs I loved Lack's performance (and not because he was soft for my team). Although goaltending is *always* Van's problem, goaltending isn't Van's problem.
Me, too. Totally looks *cold* and lacks the fire required. The cut of the jerseys and the piping are awesome, tho (see Monny up top).
Talbot who? He's dead to me, now!
Ah yes, the UK papers always cover American corporate news better.
I really want Ramo, but, I see the logic in this, sadly
Great post. I liked what Bollig brought in the playoffs, but.. yeah.
The military launches *assets*, not supplies, so... agree. Very different sensibilites.
You're too young to remember Sather in his prime, then.
This is a totally silly conversation. If St. Louis could be signed even for one year at a reasonable price, it is an absolute, 100% no-brainer YES. Even if he only played 10 minutes per game, what he could do in the locker room would be positively epic. As it is, St. Louis has already reached out to Johnny and even had dinner with the kid. We've got so many young players that St. Louis would be the perfect guy. You'd never want to disappoint either Gio or St. Louis being out partying.
I use Relay too, but I hate how there's no effortless way to upvote stuff with a thumb press like Flow has. Posts get way less activity these days and IMHO it's the decline of voting in general (maybe caused by apps and other Reddit tools?) that has led to this decline, and I think this trend seriously affects the quality of content on this site these days.
Just one thumb? This whole thing?? Seriously, I find that impressive.
Was totally waiting for this to be a drunk driving ad.
