&gt;Though gridiron, baseball, basketball and ice hockey are known here as the "Big Four" sports, soccer has surely ousted ice hockey to join that quartet.  Nah.
&gt; the Marketers haven't gotten into the heads of Millenniums the way they have for previous generations.  This just isn't true.  You just target them in different ways.  The millennials have been figured out for a while now.  You need to offer value with your advertising.  That's why companies like Buzzfeed have taken off.  They are literally a giant advertisement, it's how they make their money, but they provide entertainment to people.  Same thing goes for event marketing or sharing native content on social media.  It works incredibly well.
&gt; Depression is not a personal problem, it's a medical problem.  Medical problems are personal problems.  He wasn't kicked off the US Team, but his boss decided that his lack of involvement beforehand would hinder the team if he were selected.    FMLA and ADA do not say that you are entitled to a position or job if your disability or disease prevent you from performing that task.  If you took a sabbatical from work because of depression at a marketing agency and then came back and were not performing at the incredible success rate that you were before, you should expect to be put on a team for your company's biggest pitch in years that they were preparing for the entire time you were away.
&gt;In real life, outside of an academic setting? Not really.  I'd almost argue the opposite.  In the real world, you are judged on the end result, no matter how hard you work.  If you're simply more naturally talented, or can think of better solutions, it doesn't matter how hard you work.  Obviously hard work matters, but to claim talent doesn't is pretty naive.
This is no different from the rules for Union fans at PPL Park and everyone has been sucking Union fans' dicks since we've entered the league.  NYCFC really isn't any different.  It's ok to love to hate them, but it's silly to think that SKC or RBNY are any more "organic".
&gt; If you're a person that uses those terms in a league you have to buy your way into I guess you'll take legitimacy anyway you can get it.  Yeah pretty much.  The point is none of the teams themselves are organic.  Fandom is pretty much all organic, even if marketing is involved to get people there.  The Union is still a business like the rest and Union fans are no more organic than NYCFC fans.  We're just more negative.
Dude honestly I don't care enough about this topic to really read everything you wrote, sorry.  Just skimming:  Chivas USA failed because of bad management, marketing, and apathy.  NYCFC could easily avoid their pitfalls.  There is too much money to be made for them to simply "stop caring" and having 2 organizations in the ownership group helps prevent this.    &gt;and I just don't see how throwing more money at the problem solves the problem  Look at the current state of the Yankees and Man City.  Their current ownerships (who collectively own NYCFC) literally did exactly this and built 2 of the strongest sporting brands in the world around it.  Also, nothing about NYCFC's marketing in NYC screams Man City at all.  It's all entirely focused around the idea of a NYC team.  This is 100% different than what Chivas did.
Haha yeah, I just don't get why this is even a post on the sub haha.  I've seen a lot worse MLS gear than this hat.
All he had to do was work hard and keep his mouth shut and would have gotten over $11MM over the next 2 years.  For an old as shit O-lineman, that's fucking amazing.  I get that they want to max out their time in the NFL, but at what point do you just realize that you aren't actually worth any more to the team?  I'd argue he already had an insanely good contract for his situation.
They're probably even better than a simple sample.  Parents are more likely to be older, and older people are more likely to vote.  Edit: If you're going to downvote me, read my post further down that pretty much proves my point.
Still, annoying that it's removed though.  I don't wanna sort through these comments that are all chronologically based.  Post match threads are fundamentally different and that would have been great for discussion.  I'm sure there'll just be some article posted about the game that will fill in tomorrow.
5 apartments in the Dakota?  Who does he think he is?  John Lennon?
This is the one I actually came here looking for.  Plenty of people in this thread are listing roles that people simply did well and made their own.  J. K. Simmons took an existing character and played it fucking *perfectly*.
Not sure why you are getting downvoted.  I don't see the point in answering a completely different question
He spent slightly more than 1/4 of his career in MLS and didn't come to the league until he was 35.  I'm sorry, but he really doesn't fit the criteria of this question any more than Beckham or Juan Pablo Angel do.  I'm not saying he wasn't significant in MLS, I'm saying he simply does not fit into the criteria for the question.
Very similar situation with Susan G Komen.  They spend their money on the best way to stop women from dying of breast cancer.  The hate for them is generally unfounded.
Because I understand how their corporate structure actually works and don't simply regurgitate misinformation I hear on reddit.  What are you gonna tell me next, that Bernie Sanders will be the next president?  Seriously, just take 5 minutes to google how wrong you are.  The fact that you think they "spend most of their money promoting their own brand" shows how ignorant you are.  They are actually rated a 96% on accountability and transparency on Charity Navigator, so tell me again how they are clearly corrupt, oh enlightened one.
&gt; From what I understand SGK does not donate much (if any) to cancer research.  Serious people.  Do some fucking research.  In 2013 they donated ~$50 Million to cancer research.  The hate for the organization is extremely out of control on this site.  Their Charity Navigator scores aren't even bad.
Exactly.  Everyone on here is throwing out general bullshit they heard on reddit with no actual numbers and no experience with non-profits to compare it to.
"they sound great" is pretty much as subjective as it gets. Not even worth arguing over.
This whole fucking argument is about semantics.  He said "they sound great".  You said they don't.  You can't tell him they don't sound great because "great" is subjective.  He could have said a duck farting into a megaphone sounds "great" and you can't tell him otherwise.  Great is, *by definition* a subjective word.  You can not say  &gt;they in-fact do not "sound great" from an objective level.  because that's not what the word great means.  Maybe he personally prefers the sound of Beats, maybe they are they best he has heard, but none of that makes what he said wrong.  You said this:  &gt;they most definitely do not sound "great"  You even put the word in quotes.  I'm sorry that you started an entire argument by not understanding the difference between objectivity and subjectivity, but don't bust out the "arguing semantics" talking point when you started an entire argument based on semantics yourself.
&gt; Please tell me which signing was a massive step down from the guy before in the past 3 years? Ok, M'bohli. Who else? Exactly.  It's not that our team is getting worse.  It's that our team is getting better at a much slower pace than the rest of MLS.  Say all you want about the players but results are what matters.  We're getting swindled by some businessmen than are taking advantage of the loyalty of Philadelphia sports fans.  They haven't gotten a dollar out of me in the past year, and won't until at least Sak is gone.  You can call me a bad fan all you want, just know I'll be laughing at you while I spend that extra pocket women actually enjoying and feeling good about myself instead of getting scammed.
I'm sorry but you just seem uninformed on the situation of the club.  It's pretty obvious from an inside perspective that even with a great coach, we'd be mediocre at best.  When you don't have a starting quality left-back for years, coaching obviously isn't the root of your problems.
Yeah, but things change, that's all I'm saying.  He's not exactly waiting in reserve.
Christian Bale undeniably channeled Jim Carey for the role.  Especially in [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WdEL8DzvaM)
Boots is a unique soul.
&gt; but when he got into office nothing changed at all  I'm honestly interested to know how old you are.  Because if you think things have not changed, you really haven't been paying attention.  The economy is insanely stronger, the economic stimulus worked, he saved the auto industry, implemented socialized health-care, established net-neutrality, implemented Dodd-Frank to reform Wall Street, ended the war in Afganhastan, repealed don't ask don't tell, raised standards for fossil fuel emissions, gave the FDA power to regulate the tobacco industry, and pulled a major 180 on stem-cell research support from the Bush administration.  These are just things I thought of off the top of my head.  Seriously, to say that nothing changed is to ignore reality.
Or your mental health issues you may be having outside of your normal social life.  Social indicators are not always caused by social problems.  A good deal of people self-medicate for depression, anxiety and a variety of other mental health reasons.
&gt; I don't understand the MLS suspension if he's getting this harsh of a suspension from Open Cup  He's an employee of the league.  He conducted himself in the spotlight in a way that negatively reflects on his employer.  He's getting punished, just like anyone would at any job.
Yeah, but she lost money in the divorce, she didn't gain it so that makes no sense.
She probably married him because she liked him?  She's worth literally 40x what he is.  It makes zero sense that she would marry him for money.  She also offered him $10MM as a divorce settlement.  What you are saying literally makes no sense, just stop.
Why wouldn't she actually marry somebody rich and famous then?  The only reason 99% of people who know who Humphries is, know of him because of her.
Chivas wasn't poor, they just were shitty owners.  We're poor and have shitty owners.
They were stingy.  We're poor.  There is a major difference.
&gt;Where is Crossfire supposed to get money from if it's not pay to play and it gets nothing from developing professional players?  There are plenty of places that do not charge players.  How did they start?  Or maybe you charge and build up money, then stop charging.    The point still stands that they had an asking price for developing a player and charged it.  Now they are asking to be paid again? That's an absurd concept.  They are 2 separate business models.  One is high risk high reward, one is low risk low reward.  Why should they be allowed to have a low risk high reward model?  Free markets don't work like that, and this is against the entire spirit of the FIFA rule.
The kids pay a club memebership fee, on top of other fees to the club.  Again, this is not the norm for top soccer clubs.  I'm not saying these things don't exist, but players that are playing professionally and are getting sold with massive transfers almost *never* go through this system.  I don't get why people are ignoring the fact that I'm saying it's the top players.  That's the entire reason why this rule exists in the first place.
What do you want them to do, go clockwork orange on people?  The game was well promoted, so I'm not really sure what the solution is.
OK, and plenty of players would be upset to be drafted by Dolphins or Jets over the Eagles.  It's not just about the city, which is the entire point I'm trying to make.
&gt; Except it comes at the cost of league quality.  In the short-term.  Again, the owners' goal is longer-term sustainable growth.  The current structure is the best option.
Are you suggesting Montreal is somehow more desirable of a place to play than Philly or Houston?  Both are much larger metropolitan areas with strong cultures and sporting ties. Similar to Montreal, but bigger.  Toronto is more similar to Chicago than NYC or LA and you don't see big stars going to Chi-town.  Why?  Because of money.  That's the difference.
You're right.  End of story.  This is why I hate these types of threads.  Everyone thinks their anecdote makes them an expert on the subject.  It would be like every person who's had a heart attack thinking they are a cardiologist.
This needs to be #1.  The amount of people on here spouting bullshit based on anecdotal evidence is insane.    It's like people took Psych 101 and completely ignored the 75% of the course where they talk about the scientific method and how it defines Psychology and just paid attention to cognitive dissonance and random snippets of abnormal.
Lol cause this is a conversation on a discussion board on a specific topic and your refute was essentially "you're wrong".  You added nothing to the conversation other than showing that you don't know what you're talking about and wanting the other person to be wrong without having the knowledge to disprove them.
I think they're pretty funny...  Edit: Cool guys, feel free to downvote me for thinking a notoriously controversial band is funny for their antics which are designed to be humorous, nice.
It's not offensive in the least bit, people on here are just looking to get upset.  They've done way way worse stuff like a polygamy-based routine when they played BYU or the Patty Hearst kidnapping thing.
&gt; Isn't Stanford supposed to be almost an Ivy League school?  I think Stanford is supposed to be the anti-Ivy League School.  Pretty much the idea of being free spirited and embracing differences and uniqueness rather than conformity and old boys clubs.  It's up there with the Ivy's in academics, just culturally different.
I fucking hate this offense
Better than Rutgers' chance of winning 2 games in the B1G
WTF is with this announcer shitting on Hack's run game?  He relatively mobile for a pocket passer.
McSorley is a running QB
