I liked that splat.
&gt; This is more contentious than legalizing meth, I think. There needs to be some provision for allowing plea bargains. The correct policy, I think, is to limit them to 3% of the cases that a prosecutor hears in any given calendar year.  Jesus fucking Christ.  Do you know how much that would break the system? **In California, its only ~3% of convictions that *aren't* plea bargained!**  Not saying it's not a noble goal, but you'd need to massively increase the staffing of every court in the country.
I might play as one of the others, but in MP it seems less fun as less glorious xwedodah is available.
Dyeing for his art.
Ok new Mason does it right.
Ugh too much whispering. Had to turn on closed captioning.
The Germans run the ECB, and German fears of Hyper-inflation are a big motivating factor behind their strategy. The ECB thus wants Austerity to keep inflation down. Which is horrible for the Greeks who need inflation.  I personally think the ECB's policies are stupid and short sighted. Its hurting the overall economy of the Eurozone except for high value exports, mostly centered in Germany (like cars and industrial equipment). And it's why the EU will eventually need to give more balance to population rather than wealth. I think the current formula for voting and purse powers in the EU that are essentially undemocratic and make it hard for the EU to work as a government.
It really depends on what you carry too, or if you're from a ethnic group with specific genetic issues. For example, if Huntington's runs in your family, its a horrible idea.
Beat the Byzantines by becoming them...
Or-y-Gun if you're from the northern part of the state. Or-y-gin if you're more southern.
&gt; But the ACA didn't address TORT reform, which is why American physicians have to practice defensive medicine and constantly worry about lawsuits  California has had a Cap on medical torts for 40 + years without increasing the cap. Doesn't seem to make a difference.
I was using one example of 16 versus 12 to show that if you stop to think about 3 dollar a gallon gas prices, they're almost certainty making less in that city than a taxi driver.
It's all bretbart crap
Bear seems like a pretty happy dude.
They also believed in slavery. So holding their opinion as holy writ is suspect.
It wasn't necessarily misogynistic, the study they cited showed its very much a generational divide.
Robert was a lazy general. He was a great fighter. Would of been happier if he was a sellsword.
Any moron can plant a cake!
Given time, Democracy always works. The biggest problem is the need for reforms to make it more successful. Usually transparency, and some form of check and balances.   But jesus, Germany and Japan were the biggest dictatorships on earth, and are doing pretty good. A good chunk of the Warsaw pact is now part of the EU.   Even Taiwan has transitioned from a one party dictatorship to multi-party democracy.
I love it, except no gloves, and does not look antiseptic.   Worried the OP is gonna get a massive infection so close to their brain.
Yup, good old Kirkland. I like their Crown knock off, although their Vodka is amazing. (supposedly they bought a factory from Grey Goose)
Except in 2004 at least, the right wing lurch worked. Mostly because Bush was able to use Gay Marriage to scoop up some folks in the middle, and the right has been better organized in swing states.   But the Right in the US has been fighting demographic shifts since 2000. America is a little less all white, the mega collation of Evangelical Christians has fallen apart, and the democrats are better at using social media for organizing voter turn out. (specifically stuff like making sure people in swing states get to the polls).
This owner is crazy with a capital K.   Clear she's got hoarding issues and won't accept taking a loss or throwing anything out. Hence the frozen food since she can avoid any losses.
Statutory Rape is a strict liability crime where not knowing age, or even being lied to is not a defense.  Perhaps its a shitty law, but that's the breaks.
O chem or P chem? O. Chem is better with masters/phd since you can do pharma.  Also fuck law school right now, go get a patent examiner job (USAjobs.GOV). Become an examiner, get your night school at GWU Law paid for by the government, and avoid all debt and make 100k+ while in law school.
Go be a patent examiner first, its cheaper, quicker, and a back door to being a patent agent.  To do that, find patent examiner on USAJOBS.gov   The USPTO hires in spurts, but go work for a year or two while you do LSATs and figure out which DC area law school will take you. Catholic and GW have night programs full of examiners.   Why do this? 1. PTO has various reimbursement programs they offer from time to time to make law school free. 2. Lots of examiners to attend with, so makes it much easier for finding jobs afterwards, etc. 3. Get paid while you work, with a phd you can make 100k+ from the patent office within 3 years.
Lazy tool. It just shows you patents that were granted 20 years ago. Which doesn't necessarily mean they expired today. Some of them were expired for years before that since there's several things which affect the date.  For instance, patents filed before June 8, 1995 and for patents that were still in force on June 8, 1995, the patent term is either 17 years from the issue date or 20 years from the filing date of the earliest U.S. or international (PCT) application to which priority is claimed (excluding provisional applications), the longer term applying. Meaning some of these patents actually expired up to 3 years before.  Not to mention there's an extension for patents which take a long time to process (mostly pharma due to FDA compliance), meaning they may actually still be in force. And these things called terminal disclaimers which can significantly reduce the length of the patent.  This is a lazy replacement for actual research, and is just someone who made a website doing a custom google patents search for patents granted 20 years before.
SF is weird because new housing is really hard to make, and there's no room to expand within the city.   Otoh lots of it is a bubble, and its caused by speculators/people hiding wealth. SF is going to hurt when the next bubble bursts in Tech and Housing at the same time. Way too many people in tech came in after the dot-com crash and didn't learn their lessons. When a few thousand apartments suddenly come on the market at the same time due to techies needing to liquidate their houses, the prices will crash.  Otoh how far and how much is an open question.
&gt;Lyft arrives in 5 min max, but lets say 10 min for the fun of it &gt; take off 30 minutes for the Lyft ride there and back  At that point it's 40 minutes, you're better off with Red Line for 2.50 then a lyft ride.
&gt; The whole place should be done Hong Kong-style with 90-100 floor condo parks around a subway  Yes, but NIMBYism is huge in SF, and SSF is fucked anyways because Menlo Park and Atherton sue the crap out of Caltrain and make BART a joke.   &gt;All those two and three story houses have to go, those old victorian houses are going to kill a lot of people. People put outsized trust in older houses there.   Yup, but they are iconic, and so people will pay insane amounts. I think the house from 'Full House' is worth something like 3 million dollars now.   Maybe after the next big one wrecks some neighborhoods will there be the redevelopment that will actually reduce housing costs and make it so the police/firefighters/teachers/etc in the city don't need to drive 2 hours each way to get to work.
I personally liked "Mizumono" better, the visuals of it with Hannibal walking out after his murderous spree in the house into the rain was just incredible.
And shit, Pence is worse. Trump is a crazy Cheeto whose corrupt and doesn't know what he's doing.   Pence knows what the fuck he's doing, and don't care about anyone whose not in his little niche of Dominonists. He read 'A Handmaiden's Tale' and thought it was a 'how-to guide'.
The DNC was asking for it, dressed like that.
Reagan made the basic plan, GWB expanded it to cell phones. Racist white people blame Obama.
[I still say its Purgatory. They all kinda suck, but can improve.](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheGoodPlace/comments/5555q1/episode_discussion_s01e04_jason_mendoza/d88te36/)  [Others have more discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheGoodPlace/comments/542ddv/episode_discussion_s01e03_tahani_aljamil/d7yllk5/)
Also Tahani is kinda shallow, desiring the fame and attention her sister got, and treating her social work as a means for that. She basic. All of her actions in the afterlife were also at first vanity things. Parties and so forth to feel like she fits in. Getting points so she can be better.   Chidi is also one whose decision on what's ideal best means he's been the enemy of doing good. Instead of practicing ethics, he thinks about them. He's good a good intention, but he's so literally unable to decide it makes everyone miserable and he doesn't actually do good. His book is a rambling mess, he lacks his own theories and instead tries to use all the various different theories on ethics.   Also, when Chidi is introduced to the concept there really is an objective score, he's not at all troubled at the nature of there being a bad place. The only problem is when he has subjective issues.   He's so caught up in the concept of what is good and bad and ethical ramifications of his actions, he never acts.   Jason is an idiot, whose a petty thief and horrible person, but also seems to be legit mentally impaired. Perhaps what ever organic brain damage that caused his behavior (I'm guessing huffing) doesn't apply to his afterlife self. I think that's why there's been glimpses of him being able to learn and grow.
Are you saying I should follow him and purposely do the opposite of this man's instincts?  Is he George Constanza?
Only assuming normal levels of voting. If turnout goes up to 2008 levels, it can and will make those safe seats unsafe.
&gt; Very few actual engineering jobs actually require a PE license  And traffic engineering in Oregon actually happens to be one. People are giving this article way more credit then it deserves for sensationalizing the topic. [Here is the actual defination for engineering under the board](http://arcweb.sos.state.or.us/pages/rules/oars_800/oar_820/820_040.html) its pretty limited to 4 areas, traffic engineering, structural engineering, geotechnical Engineering, and electrical engineering. Note EE by their examples is the design and practice of electrical systems for buildings.
I urge you to read the rules which greatly narrow the law to only certain fields of engineering all of which are commonly understood to be PE fields. They only care because he's saying he's an engineer in the context of traffic engineering and he also tells the board he's been working within the field of traffic engineering.
In this case its because traffic engineering is a licensed and bonded field because they want to insure basic competency. Mostly because of a history of bad civil engineering causing disasters.   The reason why engineer versus licensed engineer is a thing here is because of misleading the public. It's really easy to imply you're a licensed engineer by just stating you're an engineer.   For comparisons's sake, there's this thing widespread in Spanish-speaking communities in the US called Noratio fraud. Notaries in Spanish speaking counties are a form of lawyer. Notary Public's in the US are not, they just stamp forms to prove dates. Noratio fraud is all about not saying you're a lawyer but saying your a noratio to Spanish speaking immigrants and charging thousands to stamp forms and fraudulently practice law.   As a result there's a crack down on the term as it misleads people.  Here the issue is the dude is not a licensed engineer with respect to traffic engineering, and his attempts to go to the media and the public and sell them on his system, while styling himself as an engineer is misleading.   Especially when he's talking to the public about traffic engineering when that's not part of his education, training or experience.   It's like doctor Oz's bullshit about green coffee. Doctor Oz is a surgeon. He's not competent to talk about green coffee messing with your blood chemistry.
The good episodes of Raymond were fantastic. Heavily due to the strong writing. Ray himself is a weaker TV comic actor than Kevin James, so the acting on King of Queens usually had to make up for it. Both casts had strong supporting actors, especially Ray's parents and Jerry Stiller.
Why the fuck does a guy who has a waterfront summer home in a major area get so cheap to ask reddit for legal advice?
The big thing is their roll over shit is where it gets predatory and means they long since made a profit and covered deadbeats.   EG say you make say 1k a month. your normal budget for stuff is like 900, with 100 left over. You do save and do a credit union, but its a struggle. Something breaks or an unexpected expense happens. you need 250 above what you've got saved/earned. Some lenders charge as much as 30 dollars per hundred, or more.   A calculator I just checked said a 30 day loan for 250 would have a total payment of $357.  So that means you can't even pay the interest off with your 100 bucks a month. you're actually owning more each month of paying. In 3 months of paying they made it back, but you'll owe now even more.  Thats where these loans get fucked up. That's where there needs to be protections, to prevent people from rolling over their payday loans. Company only ever gave out 250, yet in a year will have made over 1,000 and you'll owe several times that.  A short term high interest loan is ok. But not rollovers or other shit that keeps people with little choice on the hook. People go to these lenders usually because they lack a social network able to come up with that 250 they originally needed. So policies like roll over loans that count as new loans make people more in debt.
Oh, you're so stolid! You weren't like that before the beard.
Otoh could Superman use Thor's hammerif he beat Thor? I'd think he'd probably be worthy. Batman probably not. Although classic Odin would like Batman way more.
That pun is Patently Obvious.
Sessions otherwise was never going to rise above his place in the senate. He has a horrible tarnished legacy before coming to the AG's office. Being rejected for a federal judgeship is a massive slam against someone. He didn't have the skills within the Senate either to be a powerbroker, as his base was always with neo-confederate wingnuts.  This was Sessions thinking he had a chance, and not realizing Trump is fickle.
It's not about the confirmation, its about people willing to take their job. People are worried about their future if they associate with Trump. It's clear Trump is fickle, and there's a shit tonne of vultures about.  There will be some opportunists who want the job. But Sessions was already one, and is getting thrown under the bus.
Also Calexit would trigger a second Civil War, this time waged with nuclear weapons. We are not the EU. The United States are not severable, and there is no exit clause.   The Russians would love for the US to come apart like the USSR did. But there is no way the Union can end without it being war.
