Oh, i was thinking of a different situation. However this is far, far different than just over sleeping or being late for a LAN. They were in the middle of a match, obv scheduling issues.
The most well commonly known one, in which you stated, was not patched. And most likely never will, because it would hurt more than it would help. More legit people would get put into OW. Limiting hackers to 2 games/day is doing plenty of work already. (and it was 24 hours).
Why would you need sunglasses, if you are blind?
He probably thought he could get lots of Karma because that 1 shot looked like it was legit, but didn't realize the 4 lock-ons afterwards.
This is about as accurate as you're going to get. Unless you measure your cheek hairs and beard hairs for us.
Yeah, that's illegal. You could have reported her to the board office and she would have gotten fired or transferred.
$20 a game? Can I make that my full time job?
As long as the hacker isn't just flat out griefing the server ruining it for every one, I really don't mind. If he is flying around in a car, so what? I go on about my business and they go on about there's. I still report all hackers I just don't really care much for them. Though, I extremely freaking hate it when they give me billions of dollars.
I do that with spin botters
I still, don't think they put psychologists and all of their best designers to type in a few numbers, add a transparent back ground, right click, click "send to back" then drag the 2 sets of numbers side by side, and happen to be off by a few pixels.
And my point, is that they are not going to get a psychologist, and the world best game designers to make such a simple UI piece.
Is that supposed to be a counter argument? We still shouldn't have to rely on external services to play the game. Especially having to pay extra $ monthly in order to do this.
Because, the better the default game is, the more noob friendly it is, the more money Valve gets.
The only reason VAC bans are delayed, is to catch more people, and makes using public cheats more risky. Think of it this way, if I wanted to cheat, I could go to a cheating forum, find a popular post with 300,000 views that is still active, and every time I use it I go to see if there are a lot of comments saying "DETECTED", before I use them. Though, since VAC bans are delayed, the cheat can be detected for 2 weeks prior to the VAC bans, causing any one that used it in the past 2 weeks to get banned.  [yes there is a cheat with that many views, and the post says it uses a different injection method  causing it to stay undetected, despite it being sigged](http://prntscr.com/7i061t) Essentially, a VAC bypass.
Yeah, Valve is just full of it. If it isn't reports / game, and it isn't reports / day, then what is it? This is probably the most stupid thing I have ever heard come out of a Valve employee's, well, fingers.
Cevo's skill level is pretty low, and ESEA I don't trust/not willing to pay for such a guy named Kane to have access to my PC 24/7
Can I not trust who I want on the internet without being flamed? No? OK.   Especially a guy named Kane, who has took part in bit coin mining in the past, is not reliable, bans people for replying to him in a different language, when someone points out an idiotic move they made he bans them for "malicious activity", and I am not going to pay this guy.
looks awfully hot to me
Also listen, when bhopping if you hear 2 foot steps when you land, you missed it, if you hear 1, you hit it perfectly. He hit every single bhop perfectly, 14 times in a row. With terrible strafes and an M4 out, this is just flat out impossible.  Also Frankie is just terrible at the game, his crosshair placement throughout the rest of the video was so freaking bad, not one time did I see him aim head level. He always looks for Ant's.
This is the internet, you really don't know where the Porn is? Kappa
That's impressive.
oh haha. So you got any life stories to tell me ;)
Never looked for Dota 2. Doesn't seem like a game that I'd like.
But if you don't shoot, you don't miss, yet you also don't hit. So you do not miss 100% of shots you don't shoot.
And how is this an Anti-Joke? Not even a joke. Just a really bad story
&gt;  innocents and children  Pointing guns at strangers is not innocent.  And I couldn't even understand what you were talking about about the Dear and Roof thing.
I'm not claiming it is real, I just got it off of a Chinese news source. I'm just saying the possibility of it being real/fake is 50/50
I agree it's probs just a publicity stunt, but real enough to get on a Chinese news source. I'm just saying it's a 50/50 chance it is real or fake, not definitely fake.
Yeah, I agree. My point is just that isn't 100% for sure fake, crazier stuff has happened and there are some awesome people out there.
You are such a troll
No, just messing around.
Yes you were, stfu
lol i like downvotes,really
Wow you are so fucking stupid.
its tru tho  and you know it
Fuck that
You sound like someone who can't create a counter-argument.
Yea it probably is
Back into your steam wallet or on in your bank? I just chose mine to go back into my steam account.
10 second reply, I'm way quicker... :)
like 15 people already have, it is also just extremely obvious.
In that case, it still stands. In the United States, there is still black and white neighborhoods. Black neighbor hoods are often poorer, lack proper education, and are filled with more violence. This isn't because their black, it's because black people are usually more poor, causing them to commit more crime.   This comment explains why they are poorer  &gt; The original gi bill after ww2 acted as a massive affirmative action for white people, it let them go to college and get vocational training. Black people could use the gi bill too but their opportunities were greatly limited in comparison which resulted in massive inequality. Furthermore, black people were red taped out of most neighborhoods until the 1960s. Buying houses is how Americans accumulate the vast majority of their wealth, it's in the 90% range. So black people couldn't accumulate the same type of wealth as white people as they couldnt use the gi bill to its fullest extent, and couldn't live in the new suburbs that popped up after ww2. This has resulted in long term economic inequalities. Source: when affirmative action was white by Ira Katznelson.  https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3r0bfx/what_fucked_up_question_have_you_always_wanted_to/cwjxhnt  Poor individuals who are committing crimes for their source of income don't generally seek good education.
You probably have a lot of CP on your PC.
This is true and also a very likely possibility. Father figures are very important to not being influenced by others as a substitute.
&gt; they apparently asked him to stop before opening fire, they gave him every chance they could.  This isn't america bro
Hmm, that is an interesting reason to do that. I've never even thought about it that way haha.
I agree with AdinidA, if there is a small issue, you are usually the one who makes a big deal out of it.  EDIT: I'm not saying AdinidA agrees with the 2nd part of this comment
As if I give a fuck about someone who creates a huge deal over  1. A random comment that is important enough where you ask me to delete it and throw a fit for days, and making it a big deal if I don't.  2. Mentions someone's gender whenever they already made it public on this sub - apparently a big enough deal to where you ask me to delete more comments and throw a fit all day when I don't.  3. Continuing over david's get, you threw a fit and continued drama over the next few days because you wanted to clarify that david got the get after we already said that he got the get.  4. Throwing another fit and continuing drama over the next few days over who got the legitimate get in the thread a while back where there were like 4 gets in 4 different trees.  5. Throwing another fit trying to get me to change my flair because you thought someone would take it serious. (That I will now change because you all changed yours and it no longer makes any sense)    Oh, and wait... All of this only happened in the past 2 weeks. Who started and continued all of this? *You.*  6. Someone takes a few day break and you immediately assume they went missing and/or are dead. You then continue to make a big scene over the next few days telling every one to be all perfect and nice so he comes back to a perfect sub.  This is /r/Counting, Where you count, not make a big deal over every little incident.
Not too late, and yea I agree.
I just look down on fat chicks and fat dudes. They choose not to take care of their bodies, so why should I care?
