you act as if they wouldn't!
hopefully something that overall boosts her but also gives her an edge vs her current weaknes... physical
Huh? I said "Wasn't that prominent" it's not the same as calling him unimportant, specially when I said OTHERS were MORE prominent.  Don't get all salty just because your fave isn't someones favorite
oh boy now you don't get sarcasm. Just go argue with someone else, your attempts at demeaning while you yourself lack English understanding are hilarious
you are so fragile, perhaps you should get off the internet!
Well Gazillion is not very good at damage control, or squashing bugs
I think they will link him to all the Hulks, Antman, Iron Man, Miles/Gwen/Silk for the 'new hero' type of thing, since this game seems to follow the MCU a lot, an Ultron connection wouldn't surprise me either.
Probably because it takes 40 to 'unlock him' as he is a 3* minimum, they don't wanna give you more than you 'need' xP
honestly I don't think so, it would require too much micro management in keeping an eye for procs plus you might need the skill before. And a healing ISO isn't too bad, she still takes a lot of damage vs physical, and shields don't play well with her passive so I find her options a bit limited now. But not in a bad way, since the 6* is very good
Quel did and it also got a dmg boost, so I'd argue it's a pretty good summon. If you can't hone Baha, definitly better to do Quel + either Maduin or Vale
I believe Marvel has to approve pretty much anything, at least that is what it is like with other Marvel games, so even describing the Uniform/where it comes from etc would need to be approved and that likely takes more time.
There isn't much use for Flare right now, and even i fit was unless you could hone it to like R3 I wouldn't even bother
I would say at least get Loki's given his current state. The others are more about what you like. But given Loki's flexibility, boosting him and granting him access to female battles is just too good to pass
I would say it is. 2016 relaunch was supposed to be this big thing that has been in the works for over a year, and yet now half of it is delayed and the other half showcases how rushed it all is. Makes you wonder what they were actually doing when they were supposedly working on this content such as DP's review and Black Cat.   Bugs on live still persist and they seem unable to handle different things at a time, ie: fix old bugs and push new content (even if it's on the form of a character), and yet all they do is introduce even more bugs.   So unless they get things under control I doubt that most of the people who have stopped playing will come back. The game is becoming very stale and the resuse of hero abilities, environments and mechanics is becoming even more apparent.
terrible money grab. Couldn't even use the opportunity to create new models for both characters/these costumes, and the enemies that they have "been working on for over year"
Sure! But also keep in mind taste, if you like the characters then go ahead. But the Freya event was already translated and therefor not too far away, and that one has a bunch of SSBs plus the very good Garnet's SSB. So that was what made me feel like waiting instead.
It's a very good deal if you manage to buy the package, but as mentioned by others, you must be rank 4 to be able to use it.
I mean it was free shards and what not, but I would had prefered Orange/Yellow gears instead of green :(
its not like things like this happen every single friday...(they do). sigh i dont get why they dont learn
My honest advice in regards to buying any premium character is: Buy the ones you like.  Why? because in terms of gameplay they tend to do more harm than good :(. There's really little benefit to owning them, and with all the 8hr tasks they give them, you end up with more 8hr tasks on your board, you gain less gold (due to them starting at rank 1 and having to increase them to rank 5), and they halt your progress due to needing so much gold and books.  So really they are mostly something you must really want rather than something that would enhance your gameplay.  So far the only "premium" character that has brought more good than harm is Pepper, and she wasn't really premium. She was also promoted as giving out enhanced missions like premiums, but so far she hasn't. But at least she tends to have her 2hr task give good event items #s.
Upon seeing the 2 trailers and the demo, I don't think it's necessarily anyone we know.  It seems the person will be calling the player through the game, so when he says "She's back" it probably just means that she is calling again :(
why? He is gay.  There's even a storyline with him and Loki :P
I really don't get this type of comments. This is clearly a set scenario and asking for opinions regarding the expenditure of the limited resource that is Mythril. If you have such a problem with someone asking for input or advice on a topic, that as you yourself say, hasn't been asked due to it being far away. Then why even post here?   I really don't get people like you in the reddit, what do they want the reddit to be, just full of PSAs? Megathreads? Show off threads?   Whatever, enjoy the game.
It will likely happen, she has been added to every game Loki's been in.  That said... Lady Loki is supposed to be Loki in Sif's body, so... awkward
I just want updated exp multiplier, i dont even feel like playing with the current one
Damn they put Tyr's BSB in a not so great banner. So I guess #1 and #4 for me
If you like Yshtola that much... sure.... but otherwise I just don't think #2 is great. Specially if you have Thyrus. Since you will likely want to use Stoneskin 2 rather than any of her other SBs
Probably just like Giant Man was advertised to create the world map thingies on CW event for the entire duration of the event on the faq.... aka nop.
I usually get x4 or x6 from a single mission. Very rarely is there a 2nd mission at the same time
In all honesty I wouldn't worry too much, if they put the stuff on the crates its because they will likely be obtainable in other forms. This is just something for p2p to have something to do since if you got Spidey in CW you skip a huge portion, and if you buy Ham you jump a huge wall.   The boxes are likely there in case you can't buy the decorations so you do end up getting "some tokens" but it does suck some people wont be able to get the decorations.
http://www.makinggameofthrones.com/production-diary/got-connections-ned-promise-tower-of-joy-infographic  I wanna see the mental gymnastics some people will go to deny this now
This will sadly sell like pancakes, the Symbiote costume has been historically used to great success on many Marvel games to sell the game itself or other stuff.  Its like if Jean Grey was on the game and they sold a Dark Phoenix costume. Big comic things tend to do very well.  That said, I'm disappointed with the costume. No tendrils or other symbiote like appearance, it might as well just be the black costume Black Cat made for spidey.
I didn't say that it was good, and you should watch the southpark episode of "freemium isn't free" if you really think we are not being treated like gamblers.  Which ironically, is based on Tiny Co's Family Guy game.
No one said it was a Casino. But this boxes are very much a gamble mechanic. This game isn't alone in it, in fact most freemium games have gamble mechanics like this one. Japan even has a law where mechanics like this have to show the % of obtaining x item due to gambling. Sadly North America doesn't so we are left in the blind.  For the record, I don't think there's a single person that disagrees with what your post was about. And I personally DO NOT support this type of mechanics. Do i think me not buying this boxes sends a message? sure. Do i think anything will change? no. Why? Because this type of games attract "whales" who go all in in stuff like this.  The whole point of my post was to explain to you what the boxes are. They aren't meant to provide a discount for your money. ie: Only items worth 95 shards or more.  They are meant to raise the ceiling of their maximum profits. Going by your scenario if they had 10 items at a max of 950 with no filler. Then people would either buy all for 950 or enough till they get what they want. That said, it has the side effect of very clearly becoming a "pay2win" scenario and on top of that it has a ripple effect on the tunning of the event and their profits from other stuff such as people who buy this stuff potentially not speeding up stuff anymore, not paying shards for film, octobots etc.  By doing it the way they are doing, they seek to get a higher "average" profit due to the people spending more money than they would otherwise.  It might sound very dramatic, but this is indeed gambling and its a psychological trap to get you to think you "win" when you get stuff that would be worth more than 95 shards and have another go. Eventually even if you bought all boxes to get what you wanted you end up with a feeling of "Oh well, at least i'm set for this item and this item and I can use this item to buy this thing, and I didn't want this bobblehead but at least the collection is complete. And hey I got my costume!"
yes but you gotta invest on his record dive. He is one of the better monks!
well thing is deadpool has no issues being close, and in fact he is deadlier close. Ranged DP is the #2 best char for the Cable tourny and he stands out when he is close to Cable. Plus you can even use Cutting Room Floor on him you for whatever reason want to trigger melee procs with no dps lose
ngl but this game did make me stop preordering games so there's that
Overall nice guide, but I'd suggest talking about the gear/iso choices that suit her in more detail as that is likely the #1 thing people are going to be looking for in guides.
395 for medkits, ore or a decor.   I only need to beat malekith one last time and I actually need keys for the sunthings for Cap Marvel's ranks, so no need for any of them.  And as much as I'd like the deco, 395 shards for it? No thanks!  good luck if you need the characters tho
nah I'm sure gotg will have another mini event, and likely the spidercharacters will be there for the next spider event. Since silk was already mentioned to come at a later date, and spiderman has so many characters
nah to the movies, I'm sure the movies will have their own characters without the need to rehash the old spider characters
Trust me, the Hela lead was overkill
nop its all rng
Doom can't happen sadly, so I doubt it. Kang and the inhumans are most likely the next step after Thanos
3 new characters, I hope on of them is spiderwoman...!  But while we have become spoiled with the big updates with lots of characters, I do hope this one comes with more than one rework!
fairly sure i'll miss the america one, it's way too rng for only 2 days left. I don't think i ever got that many power attacks in the time i fought malekith
My guess is that one of them is for sure America Chavez, and I hope than one of the other two is Spiderwoman.  My guess for the final one is either Medusa or Kate Bishop
Spiderwoman would be the most unique character we have gotten in a while, she has nothing to do with Spiderman nor fights like him and the other 3 spider characters we got.
tough to even consider this after the black friday + xmas sales
Lockjaw will likely happen eventually, but I doubt any of the others will make it.   And who knows if Zabu is able to be used since it hails from the Savage Land, and therefor X-men rights territory
