&gt;It has been happening a lot lately.  So who has been truing the wheels? That's the big question.  &gt;I'm not sure if I should buy new rims/tires or save the cash for a new bike.  Well that depends, do you like the bike? It's not a bike I would have recommended to anyone back then or now and it was about the very bottom of the Trek range. Whatever, it's not worth spending $150 on new wheels. But cheaper 26" mountain bike wheels are the sort of thing you'd be crazy to buy new, it's the fare of skips/recycle centres/garage sales/Craigslist for a few bucks.
Don't search, just browse/filter in the right category.  Searching doesn't work because most people have no idea what they are selling.
&gt;I don't know the slightest thing about cars  &gt;I'm really keen on getting this Honda Fit 2002  Why? Maybe you would benefit from more general help with your car search. I should explain that it strikes me as confusing that you are really keen on a particular car when you claim to know nothing about cars.
Sure, though I mean it seems strange for them to be really keen on any particular car, I'm not saying anything about the Honda Fit. It makes me wonder if it's a rare colour like pink or bright yellow or something like that and that is why they are keen.
I think it's because it's so poorly put together. The article is written in a way that it only makes sense to regular readers of that site/who are part of that scene and getting up to speed requires hours of reading and looking stuff up on google.  From a context like Reddit it makes no sense without detailed background info that the OP struggled to, but couldn't express in the post title.   A lot of online drama scandals/stories fall into this category nowadays and only takes off when someone from a site like arstechnica takes the time to put it together in a way that people from outside the scene or with less than infinite free time can understand.
Yeah something seems off. The cost of bike to cost of lock ratio is too far skewed and it is so carelessly locked up - it would be scratched up in no time. Could be a recently stolen bike locked up by it's thief, what you suggest, or OP setup
Fuck off with your amateur link-building campaign. Onyourbike sucks.
For me it's like this:  Most expensive: Some of the less-well-known brands that make upmarket/boutique commuting bikes, often in Holland/Germany - especially stuff with belt drive, electric motor, IGH.  Then there's the trendy bike brands making new bikes from steel like Surly and Linus  Then there are the smaller premier brands from Europe and North America, e.g. BMC, Cervelo, Litespeed, Yeti, Pinarello, Colnago  Next up is the top mainstream brands like Specialized and Trek  Another bit better value are cheaper mainstream brands like Giant and Fuji  Then at (at least on paper) the cheapest are the discount brands that Bikesdirect etc specialize in like KHS, Schwinn, Motobecane
&gt; I did see that she has been abused in the past which makes me think she has probably been harshly disciplined for going to the bathroom in the house (which again could cause her to equate pee in the house with anger)  No shit sherlock.  That you decided to lecture me about that when I said she is no longer punished for this (and I am only assuming that's what the previous owner did because of her behaviour) to me either says you have poor reading comprehension or you're an asshole. It has been a lot of work over the last 7 years to put confidence back into the dog and it sucks when strangers judge because she is nervous.
As pointed out by /u/fraseyboy just get Pam's Choca, it's cheaper, tastes of chocolate, has less artificial shit in it and is actually Kiwi so the profits don't all go to Switzerland. To boot Nestle are [evil as fuck](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1n194c/what_is_the_most_evil_corporation_in_the_world_in/ccehe8y)
&gt; He's a cop, not a paramedic.  If the cops there have no training as first responders then it's a disgrace considering the job they do. Police should be competent in basic emergency medical care until paramedics arrive.
Can't really see the advantage to be honest. Only pro points I can see is that it is cleaner looking (though I'd debate that with this bike) and it's impossible to forget your light.  Drawbacks:  1. Have to carry the weight of lights and batteries around all the time, even if it's not dark 2. Crash and break your normal light, or light stops working it's easy and quick to replace. I bet you would have to order replacement lights from overseas for lotsamoney. 3. New better light/battery technology comes out in 5 years, but you're stuck with old technology unless the bike maker releases an updated light
You would be nuts to spend that much on that bike. Like you said, you paid less than that for the bike originally. If you can't sort a cheap replacement for less than $50 then sell or donate the bike to someone who can and buy another bike. There are tons of people that have spare wheels gathering dust in cupboards that could go straight onto this bike. Cheap wheels sell all the time on Craigslist/eBay etc for $20-30 a pair, or you could probably get one for free from a local bike co-op. You don't need a special wheel for this bike. ANY rear wheel for a standard road/hybrid bike made in the last 20 years will fit. If you care that much about matching wheels just get a new bike that already has matching wheels.  &gt;the rim should cost me 80-120   You mean the wheel, right? Rebuilding the wheel with a new rim would be even more nuts.
In what way? Just saying that with no reasons doesn't make it true and what I can see that is not the case at all, for the reasons in my previous post.
&gt;Presently, my preference goes to the first one as I have never cycles with a road handle bar and it seems very uncomfortable for my back.  Well a lot of that is fitting, many people get bad experiences from being kids trying to ride a bike with drop bars that's too big for them. But for sure, more flexibility and core strength is needed with a road bike than a hybrid (or what they call 'flat bar road bike').   In general terms, hybrids are great for utility, for riding at a slower pace with lots of stops and starts. Road bikes are great for recreation, for riding at a faster pace with less stops and starts. So to ride to work in a city you're likely best off with a hybrid, to go for pleasure rides in country lanes you're best off with a road bike unless you feel you're not up to it physically.   Many people make posts here after starting off with a hybrid and then moving up to a road bike when they feel they've outgrown the hybrid in terms of fitness and abilities (but maybe still keeping the hybrid to use around town).
You've picked out a decent bike there from Craigslist. It would be a better deal closer to $350 though, $425 is a bit pricey but they may listen to offers. I would prefer to have that Cannondale that either of the Bikesdirect bikes, it's a lot older but it's a higher quality bike that is still objectively a better bike. There are sure to be other options as /u/h20link says that may be better.  Going with one of the BD bikes I would definitely choose the Motobecane, the design and geometry of the Windsor frame looks 'off' to me.
The frame and basic kit on the Rockhopper Sport are OK but there are some definite drawbacks:  * Suntour forks * Tektro brakes * 9 Speed  Suntour and Tektro make cheap, low-end imitations of products from the leading brands - mainly Fox, Rock Shox and Marzocchi with forks, and mainly Shimano, SRAM/Avid and Formula with brakes. They just don't do as good a job in terms of reliability or performance, poor enough that it's a false economy - you can buy and plan to upgrade stuff later but it would have been much cheaper to buy a better bike to begin with, and the poor performance takes away from the fun factor.  In my opinion 9 Speed is not that great considering you're spending $800, 10 speed bikes have been around for more than 10 years and the top of the range is 12 speed now.  With this budget, unless you live somewhere remote I would highly recommend looking at used bikes. You can get an awesome bike used with 10 speed and forks and brakes from a leading brand for $800
Read the past posts on /r/whichbike, this question is covered there regularly  &gt; I've been told to watch for certain brands  This is not very good advice imo. You have to judge a used bike by the quality of the frame and parts attached to it, not the sticker on it. Bikes are very different to cars.
If you aren't mountain biking or BMXing you don't need something as burly as the V8s. 580 is heavy for pedals for sure, DMR make more expensive pedals that are lighter (MG body) and have better bearings (V12). Their top of the range pedal (the flatter and newer Vault body) weighs 290g - http://www.dmrbikes.com/products/pedals/vault-mg-superlight   The Wellgo mg pedals are great if you don't mind a taller pedal and a classic. The Rockbros pedals don't look tough enough for proper mountain biking or BMXing but they look fine for general usage.  For my mind if you are going to go mountain biking/BMXing and need a tough pedal the best price/performance/weight ratio is with nylon fibre composite pedals with metal pins like the Deity Components (I think there are even cheaper alternatives from Nukeproof if you don't care about colour)
That's only because they just make cheap bikes. Their bikes aren't any worse than other brands bikes at the same price
I wouldn't pay much attention to what your friend thinks about bikes based on this, fully agree with /u/zootam that there's nothing to suggest it's stolen.
Test ride and decide, or wait and keep checking Craigslist, check eBay too
That's an OK price for that bike I would say, though I'm not familiar with second hand market in the Balkans. If it was for sale for that price in US or UK it would be pretty standard asking price second hand.  So it looks good, it's not a crazy bargain but it's not overpriced either, and would be a WAY better bike than what you can get new for 300 euro.
The Cube has better forks and probably better brakes, and is 9 speed rather than 8 speed so I'd agree it's probably worth the extra money. TIL about the currency you use in Bosnia :)
The main thing when buying a bike is to get one the right size. Those two bikes are different sizes. If you were tall enough for the Sirrus, the Allez would probably be too small for you and vice versa.   How tall are you?  I don't know what to make of that Allez, it looks legit in terms of components (I'd guess it's about a 2005), but not sure why the frame is painted over. It is overpriced.  The Sirrus on the other hand looks good and is more realistically priced. It is much older but a higher quality bike. I disagree with /u/pillowdown about the saddle, it looks like a crap saddle but it's actually a good quality vintage racing saddle, and the tires may not be the best choice but they are OK for some kinds of riding.  The bike /u/pillowdown found looks like a great deal if it is the right size for you
I mostly agree with what you say apart from about the saddle, that isn't the junk saddle it appears at first glance, they're actually very comfortable and were used in the peloton back in the day. I have read of people who prefer that particular saddle to anything else.
It looks like you've underthought things to me. Do you want a road bike or a time trial bike? You need to work that out before you look at individual bikes.
The Allez would be much too small then, but the other two bikes should be OK. 56cm is more likely with modern bikes, maybe 58cm with vintage bikes. My impression is that the seller of the Allez got the size of the bike totally wrong which isn't uncommon on Craigslist. Trust your eyes over what the seller says for judging size.
It's a lot easier to wear them out playing FPS games due to overuse and abuse of certain keys, the wasd keys and spacebar respectively.
I think this is a shameless cash in on the small market of idiots that have too much money and have to have the latest weird gadgets.
I don't like the look of either of those bikes personally.  1. They have suspension forks  2. They are 17.2 and 15.6kg (heavy)  The first bike looks very poor, the second one looks better and is 2kg lighter but I would still not choose it.  Reasons for not getting a suspension fork:  * At this budget, a suspension fork means big compromises to the rest of the spec, e.g. lower quality drivetrain and other parts  * At this budget, you can only get [crappy Suntour or similar brand forks](http://www.reddit.com/r/MTB/comments/3b11hn/suntour_forks_recalled_due_to_crash_hazard/) that a lot of people prefer rigid to.  * At this budget suspension forks add 2-3kg weight to the bike  * It's very hard to run a front rack with a suspension fork  * If you are riding on rocky/bumpy terrain at a speed where you actually need a suspension fork to stay in control of the bike, you are probably going to break your rear wheel or rear rack.  * Rigid forks are almost infinitely less likely to go wrong while on a tour, especially compared to crappy Suntour forks.  Reasons for getting a suspension fork on a bike like this:  * You are elderly/frail/overweight and have trouble absorbing bumps with your arms * All of your touring is offroad or on roads like in the Paris-Roubaix - but the forks on these bikes aren't good enough.  Notice a lot fewer of the more expensive touring bikes come with a suspension fork  I don't like the style of handlebars on the first bike as they limit you to a single hand position. The bars on the second type of bike you can fit bar ends which help a lot with allowing you to move your hands around.  I had a look at both of those sites and I found two bikes I would recommend to someone with cycling experience. They are a bit out of your price range, having fairly high end parts (that are worth investing in if you want a bike that lasts a long time and will take care of it) but you don't have to spend so much, though there isn't a cheaper version of either of these bikes with lower grade parts I could see from Ortler, at least on that site.  You should be able to find similar looking bikes in your budget from other brands (possibly without supplied racks - you can get pretty much the same thing as the flat bar one by buying a hybrid bike and adding racks - also many touring bikes are sold without racks as people have their own rack preference):  Flat bars: http://www.bikester.se/387448.html - 12.5kg - looks like it may not have rack mounts on the front fork which is not a great point if so with this particular bike, but there are plenty of similar bikes that have them.  Drop bars: http://www.bikester.se/386510.html - 15kg but comes with front rack - this looks like a great deal compared to bikes like the Surly LHT
The Quick is probably one of the best value of the bikes on that site, I'd say with that price difference the Quick is a marginally better deal. The bikes are a bit different though, the Quick has a more laidback ride position, comes with fatter tires and gears from a mountain bike, the BTWIN is a bit sportier and comes with thinner road tires (though not too skinny) and gearing from a road bike. It would be faster on the road but not as competent offroad.  I'd also test ride the Cannondale Bad Boy - from looking at the frame geometry I would pick it as the likely the most fun and rewarding bike to ride out of the ones you picked out (but probably not as comfortable or practical as others), though it's on the cheap side for a bike with disc brakes (ie they probably won't be very good disc brakes and it will be heavy).
Based on the pic the biggest piece of advice is to avoid a common beginner mistake.  Don't weigh your bike down with so much accessories in the aim of being well prepared that it's a heavy rattling heap that's not fun to ride anymore.   Don't bring locks unless you will be locking up the bike, don't bring lights unless you will be riding at night, don't bring toolkit/pump/water unless you are riding a long way. It's like going running with a bunch of crap in your pockets.
&gt;gripping too hard?  You shouldn't be gripping hard - cycling is like driving and a lot of other sports (e.g. golf, tennis) where it is poor technique to grip hard.
The lady always seems to have a frown on her face, but she's given me an extra fish a couple of times, think she just has that look naturally. I like Wing Long too but more for the Chinese.
That's all good but OP bought the bike new and can take it back to the shop for a full refund. I doubt many people are that keen to learn fixing bikes they would keep a faulty bike when they can just return it instead. If they had got the bike free/cheap like you did then fixing it up would be a good call.
You would be able to ride it almost for sure but it probably wouldn't be comfortable for more than very short trips and would likely be mildy dangerous/hard to control compared to a proper fitting bike. I'd recommend getting a bike that's the right size unless you want to risk getting put off cycling before you've even started. It's better to go a bit too small than too big because with a bike too small you can make adjustments to it, but there's not much you can do if the bike is too big.
You could try smoking a bit of legal pot while you're in WA and see if that does anything for you?
&gt;  that's like 70% of their TV  Maybe 3 or 4% of the schedule on the main channels is panel shows in reality
Watch channels that aren't shit
The sceptic in me thinks they're trying to maximise the size of the bill at the end of it.
That's a very low price for a 2013 bike with Dura Ace. The model cost $2300 in the past, though not sure which year. When bikes are being sold for less than half what the asking price would normally be I'm always suspicious of stolen bikes but there are no red flags with the listing. My guess is it's someone who has more money than sense.
&gt; I ended up ghosting pretty much on said tool  ?  If she is liking your stuff on Facebook then she is almost certainly receptive to you.   For your opening message, what's wrong with a simple "Hi, how's it going?" or something like that
&gt; POS Walmart equivalent  There is no Walmart equivalent to a bike like an FSR, even an old one from the bottom of the range. It might look like a shitty Mongoose but that's only because Mongoose copied the look. They didn't copy the four bar horst linkage or the quality materials used. We might laugh and scoff at how dated it looks but it's still a good mountain bike in comparison to Walmart shit.
I'm guessing he raised the stem past the max extension point? It looks like that from the photo (I think I can see the max extension line), that would be likely to cause the fork and stem/bars to seperate while riding.   Not sure why he'd need to pay for any labour unless the fork is actually broken (looks alright in the photo), replacing bars and wheels doesn't need any special tools and is an easy and light job.  Would also say it would be kind of nuts to buy new parts at full price for an old road bike when you can get old parts for free or a few bucks. I've got 3 spare sets of wheels for old road bikes that I found at the local recycling centre and from a bike that was in a skip as well as spare handlebars from the same kind of sources. Your local bike co-op would most likely give you a wheel and handlebars for free, mine has actually too many spare parts like that and can't accept any more. Also check Freecycle and Craigslist. Chances are most bikes that are spares/repair will have a good front wheel and handlebars.  It's entirely realistic to have that bike back on the road for completely free as long as you aren't in a massive rush to do so, if it is just the wheel and bars. It looks like a good quality frame that is worth the effort.
Direct would be simply "You want to hang out?" Your message has way more to it than that.
I think that is normal if you're in a relationship with someone, even with a good friend - I'd only see it as manipulative if you aren't on close terms with the person you're interacting with.
Not saying this is bad advice, but I think comparing buying a used bike to a used car is not the best analogy. It's a lot easier to spot things that are wrong with a bike to someone who isn't an expert than with a car - the drivetrain, structure/frame, steering etc is right there to visually inspect the condition of rather than hidden away and there's no complicated engine, cooling, electrical and suspension systems. You can pick the bike up and drop it on the ground from a couple of inches to see how it rattles etc and lift it and spin the wheels, which you can't do with a car. Some people might not think to do that but it's more common sense to the layman than something like checking the oil dipstick with a car, and it's not like you need to be an expert to see if a wheel spins freely.  On a bike there's no engine to go wrong, there's no equivalent to a worn cambelt breaking or head gasket leak and bikes are a lot cheaper and easier to repair, especially if you have a local bike co-op.  I think you just had bad luck to be honest to get caught out like that.
&gt;Is size just dependent on what is comfortable?  Yes, but only in the same way as shoes. If you had no idea what shoe size fits you it would make shopping for shoes more difficult and you wouldn't order a shoe online. But you can tell without a measuring if you're a size 12 that a shoe inches shorter than your foot isn't going to fit, and you know if a shoe fits when you try it on - it's like that with bikes (although bikes can be adjusted a bit).  Also like shoes, fit varies with different brands and models of bike, and there is more to a perfect fitting shoe/bike than just one measurement - hence some shoes come in narrow, standard and wide versions. Bikes come in different styles to suit how stretched out you want to be while riding.  At 6'2 you will want a bike somewhere between 56 and 62cm depending on your proportions and the bike. I am the same height and ride 56 and 58.  &gt;Is Craigslist a good place to look?  Yes, as a new road bike worth buying costs at least $600 from a bike shop or $400 discount mail order (mail order is a bad idea for your first road bike) but you can get something good for a lot cheaper from Craigslist. If you outgrow it or end up not cycling much you also lose far less money selling it on again.   &gt;I'd like to keep it somewhat cheap but I'm not against spending a little extra for something that will last.  Best plan is to get an older, higher quality bike - You can get very good quality bikes from the 80s - early 2000s for cheap on Craigslist. Beware of cheap nearly new bikes with shiny paint, they are usually not a good buy.  Another reason to get a better quality bike is you will enjoy riding it more, so it's more likely to get more use and be a good investment.  A good next step towards buying a bike if you want more help would be to look at bikes on your local Craigslist and make a new post asking for opinions on any you are interested with links to the listings
There's way more good options for chain lube than Triflo - imo Triflo is too light. I like Finish Line or Muc-Off.
