That diving spear header was the best thing he did for us and it was one of his latest games.
All I know is that if it's more messed up than Witcher 3, I'll be impressed.
Come on now, he's not that bad.
I agree. Witcher 3 can be just as challenging.
You literally don't have to read anything. If you're too lazy to watch a video, you can't expect people to make a written summary for you.
I reckon his brother is the thief the title is referring to.
Are the book readers supposed to like Dany?
It's pretty damn complicated, but you pick it up fairly easy.
He should go coach Everton then.
Seriously Spurs. Fuck off
How has nobody said FIFA? It's THE drunk with mates game.
I don't think anybody really gives a crap about the Harpy or who's controlling them. My show watcher friends all think the Dany story from this season was the biggest waste of time ever.
Photorealistic doesn't mean it's a drawing of a photograph. It means it looks so much like the real life object that you could be looking at a photo instead of a drawing.
Think about it this way. Count AFFC and ADWD as one book as they run parallel. We are at book 4 of 6. I would say we're definitely 2 thirds through the story. The last 2 books have skewed peoples perception of how much story can actually get pumped out in one of these. Look at ASOS and how much changed during that. I believe finishing the story in 2 books is definitely within the realm of possibility. But, as others have stated, if he needs more and lives long enough to finish the series then more books will be the best in the long run.
What stood out to me there is that Ings is under 21. That makes me much happier at the signing. So much upside.
It's a stupid gimmick. But as far as stupid gimmicks go, it's the best fucking one out there.
&gt;The game shipped with 49 characters (more than any other smash title by a mile), multiple (fleshed out, complete) game modes, a ton of stages, a stage editor (for the WiiU), CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATION in case you got bored with their default movesets, and online support and you're saying that it's not a complete game?  When it was released it was complete, but now there are 4 extra characters which I don't have and my game isn't complete anymore.
I don't think you understand what complete means. Can you please quote the part of my post which is incorrect.
I dunno man, I reckon they would have shouted it from the rooftops if it was console exclusive.
Apology accepted. Though you don't need to alologise for having a bad opinion.
&gt;the game felt and looked better on PS3.  You're either trolling or you went blind between the two releases.
Yeah you're right. Best just stick to CoD and FIFA. Everyone knows only the most popular games are any good.
It may feel great, but not as great as seeing that Platinum pop up.
I think all the "monsters" (giants, dire wolves, etc) south of the wall just died out.
Snake with the bucket and Ocelot with dual wield drumsticks are the best.
If he's going to park illegally, why not park a bit closer?
Thing of beauty
When I first saw that you could extinguish fires I thought there might be some stealth element later where you can black out rooms and use the Cat potion to sneak past enemies, but nope. It is literally a pointless feature that just gets in the way.
If you care about it that much you should have been watching it instead of the podcast.
There's no argument here mate. Arguing with you would be like having a battle of wits against an unarmed man.
&gt;I'm aware of who she was talking about because I'm not an idiot and I do have some passing familiarity with the characters and their names.  I don't know if you do know. If you are several seasons behind, then it's probably not who you think. I can guarantee you that Barb's not-so-subtle hints at who died, would NOT be enough for somebody a few seasons behind to know who she was talking about.
I'd say we need one more amazing midfielder to get in front of Can and we are a contender for sure. Can is good and he has a bright future, but we can't rely on him every game to play at CL standard.
&gt;Not to burst your bubble but  You stay away from my bubble but.
Maybe if you just lay your case out and stop insulting people you won't get downvoted.
He was a scourge.
The story finished perfectly. People, rightly so, are worried that a sequel could dampen the first one.
The kill bill one is better imo
He's an acquired taste for sure. People either love him or hate him.
To be fair, Geoff was asking him about it and starting the conversations. I think Andy will start off pretty quiet and as he gets more comfortable, he will banter with the others. All his jizz story are already known, so I doubt he will bring them up on his own accord.
No. How the hell did you come up with that? You know don't worry about it. Have fun in your own little world.
You can get your money's worth out of those games without the online MP.
&gt;but it does suck for the consumer.  It really doesn't though. The only people you ever hear complaining about that subscription are people who dont use it and therefor dont know exactly what you're getting. I paid for PS+ before it was required for online. It's better for the consumer. Don't look at it as paying for online. You're paying for 60 games at a dollar each. Which realistically would cost you thousands to pay for them individualy. It also gets you into new games that you normally wouldn't play or buy. Developers get more sales out of it and Sony get our money. It's really a win-win-win for everybody.
Well the majority of /r/ps4 voters say you're wrong. What should have won the awards instead?
It's would have won regardless. /r/rocket league aren't the only people that like rocket league.
These cavs commentators are insufferable.
The atmosphere in Witcher is just as good.
It worries me that somebody like you would be in a position to make that choice in the first place.
Gavin is absolutely atrocious at this game.
Great start to the half. Vooch, what a beast.
Would need at least your first rounder.
