Reinforced barrel increased range at the expense of stability while rifled battle takes away reload speed. Reinforced barrel is better because stability doesn't matter on a shotgun
I find Reinforced barrel is better. If much rather sacrifice stability than reload speed especially when stability has no effect on a shotgun
Yeah but they are pretty terrible when compared to their trials counterparts. I think that's the biggest problem. Even if you get an elemental primary from skolas it won't hold up against old raid gear or even the trials weapon. so yes there really is an argument that the only way to get good " raid type" Weapons with this dlc is the through pvp
i kind of disagree. I think playing in the iron banner is the best place to  finish the bounty... alot of PVE players are playing iron banner meaning a less skilled pool. Whos going to be playing regular crucible when iron banner is active? probably people who enjoy crucible. You could be right but i see iron banner as the best place to complete the bounty
I disagree. A shotgun is going to one hit someone anyway from the right distance... Having maxed range and mag is more important than trying to proc luck in the chamber at the expense of range and mag size   Edit: spelling
That's a really poor example but I get your point. It's more like using shards to upgrade a piece of dark below  armor. You don't get more back even if you put shards into it
yeah i agree with that. With TLW you just need to find that sweetspot distance thats too far for a shotfun but close enough that you have the advantage...TLW will win that fine most of the time
i see your point but buying an exotic engram and re rolling a weapon are not the same thing. To be honest i think its harder to get weapon parts than it is to get motes especially with the material exchange
I dont think its a good analogy because you can get motes from just about every material in the game. yeah you get alot of engrams but when compared to how many parts it takes to upgrade a weapon its not really proportionate. Im not really follwing why you are so against a less time consuming way to get weapon parts. Im not asking for them for free just a less time consuming way to get them
i wouldnt say thats ignorant. I might have exagerated when i said 9-0 or nothing but  I was just trying to show that trials is also very easy for some people even more so than skolas. to some extent you either succeed at trials of you dont there isnt much middle ground whether you go undefeated or not
Get to 34 first and then worry about rolls later. Raid boots are solid though heavy of the heavy ammo increase
i think you are missing the whole point of this post. He is showing that a Gjallarhorn isnt necessary like most people think. Of course its a strategy get off your high horse
middle tree is all about preference. I like snap shot but a stability upgrade is also an option
Yeah you really shouldnt be using hunger in PVP. Anything with prox det will outperform you and the hungers tracking kind of sucks
I would use a high impact sniper rifle instead of the dragons breath
i dont really agree with just letting the person with the essence die. Why not just stick together and keep moving...
get over it the rewards are RANDOM. I have recieved a ton of rewards from being at the top of the leaderboard and other from being at the bottom. As for the inactivity issue im not sure why he wasnt kicked
armentarium is the best titan PVP exotic. I use the crest for trials because of the faster revives. I would level up striker first if you want to play PVP
its not worth it. The weapons all blow and i have no incentive to grind my way to the skolas or even the 34 anymore
It's how they want pvp played. They don't want people sneaking around and have the game being about who can do that Better
Yeah you are guaranteed a weapon from the core but it should be an elemental primary instead of the core. That would make sense if you are comparing it to old raids
You all seem to be missing the point. Trials rewards guaranteed endgame elemental primaries. That's why they are comparable because they both reward the penultimate weapons in destiny but not even close to evenly. Yes trials is harder but that's subjective. Trials is very easy for some people and PoE is very easy for some people. It took triple wreck two hours to beat skolas on arc burn week yet he can do a 9-0 in 40 minutes. Subjective. If trials didn't award elemental primaries then yes it would be ridiculous to compare the two acticty and their rewards.... But they do and that's the item people play pve to recieve. I don't understand why people are so against this
I can agree with all that. The PoE weapons need a buff and that will fix most of these issues. I think they should add a legitimate perk and then have the fallen perk as a secondary like oracle disrupted or hive burn on Crota weapons
The only problem with this is that vendor gear is a much higher level that vanillia destiny and it is kind of necessary when you are going from 20-30. There is no way around that and it will effect your experience. It is still a cool idea but you cant necessarily do what you did to originally get to 30
might be the worst tutorial ive ever seen. You barely even explain how to use the heavy ammo glitch and dont even mention the icebreaker.
if you are gonna play the game buy the dlc's. If not then its not really worth it .
Its not really reasonable to compare the price of a full DLC to the price of cosmetic items. Now if we compare that $20 to something relevent.....Remember when this community ate up ONE shader, ONE emblem and a teeshirt for 25 bucks and people are flipping out over 3x the in game content for 20 bucks? I dont know what people expected but its right in line with what we asked for as a community. You dont have to pay for items you already own to get the cosmetic issues which is litterally what we wanted. People love being outraged  Edit: yest i was referring to the Nepal relief donations.  I hope you dont really believe that many destiny players would have donated if they weren't receiving in game items. yeah it was for a good cause but a lot of people also saw it as a purchase
Yeah you are right it can go both ways i just thought it was one of the only things we have had to go by when talking about cosmetic items. The t-shirt is cool but im sure just the cosmetics spurred people to donate
Most of the matches i saw ( i watched a decent amount) he was always the top of his team even when he was playing with resolve. Hes def a good play but does need to get sweatier
Weapon reforging is the single best thing that came with this DLC. I respect your opinion but thats all it is... an opinion.
a striker titan can nullify any other super especially a blade dancer...they definetly have their place
completely disagree. The Vault of glass was not flawless. It was a great first raid level activity but kings fall is much more mature and a much more finished product. You are blinded by nostalgia. I wasnt even playing the whole thing after i had armor. I would just load into atheon 3x a week
That's a ridiculous statement. You can't go for kills like that in tdm because the match would be over in minutes
Can i ask why you only want his overall to go up? Just training stats that increase their overall actually make them a worse player in the long run
no... Youth players physicals only grow a fraction of the time and its mostly luck. Id say its like50 percent ( maybe) of all youth players. So more than likely his physicals wont grow
what they request for salary is what you need to give them.
let him get the may bump. Players like that get the biggest bumps
lets not get carried away. Ethnic light was a gimmick and didnt require you to use new weapons. I liked having to try new weapons at the beginning of ttk
yeah you are wrong. First of anyone who plays the game regularly can come to those conclusions on their own. Bringing a you tuber into this helps nothing. Now those guns were a problem. They were all the best guns in their class barring a few exotics. Even when house of wolves came out I would've taken the vog and Crota weapons over anything they could've released. They made them too Strong and realized it. Hence why they needed to be phased out. Now Gjallarhorn is a horrible example to bring. That gun was broken and people were pissed when it got taken away becusse they now had to actually do some Mechanics. Now you can disagree but the argument that you liked using them unfortunately doesn't cut it   Edit spelling
even if he opened 1 million fifa points worth of packs that would be like $7k. Explain to me how that a "eating thru that so fast"
yeah i think OP is a little confused
yeah but you missed your first two shots. Shit like that is annoying but shooting first doesnt mean you deserved to win the gun fight
why did you crop out what team you are playing as. Kind of suspect you didnt show the whole screen
Why would you send it back the same day?
i wouldnt call it superstition. You can trace and accurately predict what will work and wont. I will agree the growth system is broken though
well it makes sense since they dont sim leagues that you dont play in. They cant sim 100s and 100s of games every single week. that wouldn't be feasible and would probably slow down loading times.
you think you now are limited in the weapons you can use? It used to be between 2 or 3 viable elemental primaries . Now you can use anything you want to without feeling like you are at an disadvantage
yeah i dont see snipers very often. The game is very balanced on the consoles right now
Sheiva is the worst for me. I'll kill Someone who's headglitching me and it isn't a headshot. I really should've finished it twice as fast since litteral headshots don't count
&gt;it's a great kids show, but it isn't really anything greater than that  that is just not true. It is a great star wars show. The first two seasons are kind of lame but the 3rd season to the finale of the series are some of the absolute best star wars story imaginable.  It tells some of the best star wars story there are. It shows anakin and the fall of the republic the way it should have been shown. Can i ask what your criticisms are other than the fact its animated?
