the jungle hat is so unfresh i make it a point to target people wearing them and ensuring that I try and kill them at least twice a match.  The jungle hat is gross and it is a crime on squid society. Its very existence is a mistake and patrons of the item are accordingly also mistakes for having thought such a heinous thought.  i'm only half joking.
a kid hanging out in the wilderness when said game is set in a metropolis / acropolis area is quite unfresh
so lets have a bunch of knee-jerk reactions just like yesterday
THIS IS WHAT I WATCH TANKETBALL FOR  THE CLOSE GAMES  THE YOUNG TALENT  THE PING PONG BALLS  #AND THE LOSSES
Dammit pels we can't tank at full efficiency if you guys also keep losing games
I can call a hater when I see one
That makes way too much sense for it to ever happen.  But that third team who would get Waiters and Morris... holy shit that'd probably be a really good team.
Why you being a hater?
It's okay, he's gonna change it in four years
at this point i'm willing to believe that hornashit is now simply a myth, is this guy real
Don't consider comedy as a career path then, you kind of stink at it
&gt; not complete idiots  Jury's still out on that one, too
I dream of a day when low-success teams can all run rampant in the playoffs again  Talkin suns, nuggets, kings, pelicans, timberwolves, blazers (i guess), jazz, and for pity; the lakers as an 8 seed
Wow devin you are good at basketball
rose where do you find your splatoon stats / current loadout?
For the good of the tank, I hope both of you guys win today :3
jesus i knew we were bad but i didn't know we were THIS bad
Good god kill me now
I cant stay positive for a tank anymore this shit fucking sucks massive horse cock
I find it ridiculous how much crossover there is between the splatoon gamerbase and the undertale gamerbase
if only he had a jumpshot
plus he already has the postup game of a PF
Honestly if we just catch Brooklyn and get that 3rd worst record I think we have a shot at Simmons
But it fires SO SLOWWWWWWW
Not kidding, she actually is a monster. I am NOT a fan of Sniper Mall. I mean, Rose's playstyle is to basically be snipers' largest nuisance / worst enemy, so I can assume that the large amount of ways to flank snipers on that map is good for her, but for the rest of us, god that map just stinks.
these blue hornets jerseys are the sexiest jerseys since the black barkley era jerseys
BRICK CONTESTED LONG TWO BY BRANDON KNIGHT.  If you are surprised...  you shouldn't be.
Devin Booker Over / Under on bitches fucked at Kentucky: 200
hope d'angelo is fine
Maymay is forced 2/10
it's the whole "Undyne is a pretty fish" paradigm - Only beautiful in fan drawings / fanart
I NEED IT
Okay so do us all a favor   Make a message to the person in particular  We are not all one mindset  Doing this makes you come across as a huge douche  We know that most Warrior fans aren't fuccbois like you but you aren't helping anyone with this petty ass shit
If I was the E-Liter I would have exited the lobby, re-evaluated my entire life, and then picked a new weapon.  I don't think E-liters are necessarily OP. I just dislike them.
I agree its hardly anything i just wanted to bring it up
aww i should do that for my mom when i have money
go for it
actually tho the guy looks like he's 12 and pissed
PG did it with the idea that there was 1 second on the shot clock, but I see your point
the battle between two shitty coaches
well he's not bad but he doesn't have the respect of the team
little bit of column A, little bit of column B. Hornacek has completely lost the respect of his players. he's too timid
brandon knight you dolt
If you went into kh3 without bbs you'd be like "who the FUCK are we trying to save right now? Who the fuck are these people? Why is Roxas two people now?"
our defense is bad, but rubio's not a bad scorer
fuck our defense is bad
Ill change it
if we don't get ben simmons after this suckiness whoo boy it's gonna be a long fuckin rebuild
I take that as an honest to god compliment
that seems about right yeah
