Somehow, I don't think life is the appropriate word here.
I dunno, I kinda thought it was a good idea. Can't put my finger on why, though...
You guys just had an aging quarterback who pushes his limits to dangerous extremes. The Colts' meltdown is plain dysfunction.
...It was more because they botched it against the Patriots, really. I was just being an ass.
Well. We're fucked.  Of course, that's assuming the Chiefs don't have their way with us first, 'cause God knows Houston can't stop 'em!
Realistically, I expect the Broncos to play the Steelers, and us to shit the bed against the Chiefs.
It literally depends on whether Dalton is healthy. Otherwise we're bound to a Chiefs loss.
I dunno, I think we should be rooting for the Patriots to make it in. There would be the 31st and 32nd picks remaining for the draft, and we already lost our first-rounder, so the Patriots making it in would change nothing whether we win or lose. Which of course means Roger Goodell loses, plenty of reason to root for the Patriots.
Sound logic, except Jerry Jones has a history of glorifying problematic players.
This after the Wells Report determined the team itself had nothing to do with it! That's why I'll be pissed if we don't at least make it, because win or lose, it wouldn't change anything for the NFC team and would make Goodell look like an idiot.
I think Yoda mentioned it in Phantom Menace, though. "Only two there are, no more, no less. A master and an apprentice."  I may be paraphrasing, but the point is it's canon there's only two Sith.
Also, I believe most pre-Episode I EU material is still considered canon, if not all of it. It's just stuff past VI that's been phased out with The Force Awakens.
The way I understood it, most fans consider historical content still canon since it all comes before Phantom Menace. But I guess that's what I get for getting my info from TV Tropes.
Good. Maybe next year we'll get an OC with a less injury-prone scheme.  Not that the defense has had better luck there...
At that point you might as well give Johnny Manziel the job.
I mean, he got to the playoffs with Hoyer and had a winning record with Fitzpatrick.
Not necessarily. Look at all the important players that went down in a row. I simply refuse to believe our luck is that bad.
Euugh.  But assuming you boiled the whole trilogy down to strictly what was in the book, is it anywhere near as good as LOTR?
That defense deserves rings all around, but it just doesn't sit right with me to think of the interception leader winning a Super Bowl ring, at least not as a starter.
I mean, if anything the ring only enhanced his value. You win a Super Bowl in a contract year, someone's gonna pay you out the nose.
Apparently, HGH &lt; deflated footballs as long as it's Brady versus Manning.  See, this is exactly why I hate Peyton Manning. Nice enough guy, great athlete in his prime, but the media as a whole is so willing to kiss his ass I can't help but hate his guts despite knowing he has no control over what reporters are saying about him. Meanwhile, Tom Brady plays the best football of his career, yet everyone stops giving a flying fuck as soon as injuries gut his offense! It's irrational, I know, but I don't much care. I like Peyton Manning the athlete, I like Peyton Manning the person, but fuck Peyton Manning the icon!
Yeah, I'm willing to believe Peyton did it for his long-term health, if he did it at all. I mean, shouldn't the league make an exception in his case? The man could very well have been paralyzed for the rest of his life, and if HGH can help him recover from that (enough to let him play again, I doubt it could ever be a nonissue), I'm all for it!
The first part pissed me off, but when I finished reading, I had a good chuckle.
I would think the cheerleaders being team employees kinda went without saying...? Guess not.
Okay... but how would you make it easier on the team and/or fanbase?
I would think the cost to purchase and relocate an existing team is greater than the 500 million the league is looking for for one of two expansion teams.
If this happens, I will refuse to believe the league isn't fixing the matchups.
I want at least two things: the Patriots to make it, thus negating the relevancy of the lost draft pick, and Denver to NOT make it and reward Manning for his crap year.
I'm down with that. San Antonio would eat up more black and silver.
I don't suppose Garoppolo's worth the 22nd pick to you guys? Not alone, of course.  Partly serious, but mostly kidding. We gave you a raw deal on two QBs already, so I understand.
I'd go with a stud on either receiver or O-Line. Latter's probably more important.
Sounds like a bad reaction to some painkillers to me. If it was pot, I doubt he'd go to the police station. Then again, I have no way of knowing how lucid you are on pot, if at all, so...
So explain to me how that 3rd and 10 incompletion wasn't ruled a fumble. The receiver had clear possession, and he even took a couple steps! I mean, it worked itself out a down later, but without that benefit, that was clearly a fumble.
Whiny? If you're getting injured that much and not playing them like war wounds, you're doing something wrong.
...Just gonna throw this out there, but you guys are not the team to be talking about someone's stubborn old bastard quarterback hurting them more than helping them.
You're right, that O-Line has forced him to take way too much punishment.
I feel like the NFL should move away from the coin toss and just have the captains play odds and evens.
I considered that, but how would that work with three captains per side?
Give the ref a smartphone with nothing but an RNG app, maybe a PDF of the rulebook, and that's all you need.
Look, I get Destination, Deliberation, and Determination, but as I understand it, the point of Apparation is to get there in a *hurry.*
Replacement center, replacement linemen, non-first string backs AND receivers?  Either you guys ran through a lot of bodies in that Houston game, or the Texans just suck that hard! (read: Brian Hoyer)
Of course not! We were playing to get healthy!
Except the Broncos' best weapon is their defense, and I don't think we have the line to beat it. Brady would have to get the ball out at godly speed if he wants to avoid the sack.
I understand that. Doesn't mean I won't be pissed about it if it happens.
Yeah, but if we had won that, Miami and the Jets become games where we can afford to be lazy.
Too much salt is bad for the blood pressure.
I think we toe the line between Slytherin and Ravenclaw, but Brady's a sixth-rounder, so his blood isn't pure enough.
I'm just gonna say this now. I'll get downvoted as all get out, but this needs to be said: Starting Hoyer over Manziel for 2014 was logically sound. Manziel was never pro-ready coming out of the draft, Heisman or not. He needed at least a year to learn the offense. The problem was, the franchise was far too dysfunctional to embrace the concept of rebuilding, and the second Hoyer started to slip, they benched him. I don't care how much my starter sucks at any given point, if I didn't name my roomie quarterback the starter in training camp, I'm gonna stand by keeping him the backup unless the starter gets hurt! Hopefully, Hue won't have the kind of hair trigger with Goff Pettine had with Manziel.  By the way, I'm not mentioning Manziel's off-field behavior because this is solely about his on-field development.
Then pray to God that if Hue doesn't name Goff the starter, he sticks to his guns about it barring injury.
I've said it before: Peyton Manning does not deserve a Super Bowl ring this season. The defense deserves its due, of course, but if the Broncos win, they'll be overshadowed by the bullshit narrative of Peyton's big comeback and his last roundup, despite the godawful numbers he's put up this year. What message does that send to the rest of the league? That you can piggyback off your teammates to be Super Bowl MVP as long as you're a starting quarterback? That defensive players' efforts to keep a struggling offense afloat mean nothing once the Super Bowl is won? Can't accept it. I can't change it if it happens, but I can't accept it either way.
