Jesus  christ thats horrible
Also I think the Witcher's multiverse is more along the lines of totally distinct worlds. That are majorly different from one another. With different progressions in technology and etc. Also she can travel through time too
True but the theory is the most plausible. Alvin is never seen again in teh story whatsoever
Fuck then why do feminists keep preaching that feminism si equal rights for both genders?
We have to save the multiverse
RIP Tony Jay your voice was godlike
Atleast he got to have sex before things went to shit
Pretty last gen and they don't even use mocap
Fallout 3 had terrible story I doubt fallout 4 will have a good one  New vegas was great because it wasn't bethesda
You must be completely and utterly retarded.   What the fuck do you think Bethesda has been working on since the last skyrim dlc? Just farting about? They were developing fallout 4 i mean really come the fuck on.   You arn't in pre-alpha a year before release date. Don't be so fucking stupid. I say a year before release because Skyrim was announced a year before its release. It is a possibility that they may release it this year but I doubt it. They are most definitely in Alpha. If they are releasing this year they are probably in beta right now assuming its feature complete.   The only games Bethesda even makes are Fallout and Elder Scrolls so really what do you think they have been doing all this time?
I for one welcome my corporate overlords and will serve them as a loyal wage slave.   ^^^Save ^^^us
I don't think we watched the same show.  Season 1 was good(Ending was deus ex machina because they didn't plan to have more than one season) Season 2 shit (Save for First Avatar) Season 3 The villains are god damn amazing and the combat was fucking great one of the most heartwrenching scences i've seen came from this season  Season 4: HOLEE FUKKIN SHIT no words can express how fucking insane it was
I felt like the Action lulled for a bit for Korra to deal with emotional issues it was great they weren't resolved in a single episode
no its adults who are into squidgirls
Well clearly since you were wrong and I knew the right answer your a horrible person and lazy for not remembering it correctly   /s
You act like 3 months isn't a long ass time
Not really. I'm still reading them myself because wikis dont go that indepth
Good luck beccause new vegas was made by Obsidian not by Bethesda
let's all hope the side quests are more like The Witcher than skyrim.
Frankly it made no sense to me that Harold went all the way to Washington DC. I suppose he is near ageless but eh
Flavor is really nice. But i'd rather have the fucking food than flavor extract
What about MOON Dragon that magically lays an egg with the same mass as the original moon? Oh and that it was an egg and those spider things were single celled organisms.  WHAT THE  FUCK.   I just stopped watching after those two episodes like seriously what the fuck moffat
A weapon to surpass Metal Gear.
Yeah but the Justice League is funded by Bruce Wayne since he sponsors Batman
Bruce Wayne hires John Jones to steal from banks clearly
Oh my god I wish i could turn on hairworks
Holy shit that man is a god
HERESY!  There are  no female space marines
Pun threads are the worst
I don't want to read Wikis wahhhh
GW2 having no endgame is its best component
I show up for living story updates and have fun. I burned out on raids long ago. For a $60 game its been top value
That cupcake that woman is cradling looks delicious can I eat it?
That's hilarious. how is that controversial its making fun of budweiser commercials
Why not link the video instead of a gif?
Atleast it was confirmed. Also TWO PROTAGONISTS HOREE FUKKIN SHIT
I feel it was pretty clear that it was a dig at all the budweiser commercial with puppies. People just don't have a sense of humor.  The dead kid one was just fucked up
I loved Metastasis it felt like an upgrade on Parasite.
Is your name Lofwyr? Your masterful manipulation of time and space and events to make money are on the level of a Great Dragon.   Because you seem to be a perfect analogue for a Great Dragon. Your manipulations lead to a better world for all mankind while being filthy fucking rich.  You might be more equivalent to Dunkelzahn but god damn do you have Xanatos gambits in place to?
Oh my god thats why his name is Squall it's related to clouds.
I too enjoyed watching a high-functioning cocaine addict try to hold his shit together
Batman with Prep time vs a 20th level wizard in DND with prep time.   WHO WINS?  The Wizard
Why  would we ever need a 3d remake? It's fucking perfect as is
I dont know about that series
Chrono cross was great shut your mouth
How did you not realize this BEFORE 900 HOURS
Harry Potter and the Fifty Shades of Grey.   My oh my
I seek Bias in all my encyclopedias.
Wikipedia is biased too
meow means meow you rapist.  But seriously the freaks who fuck animals should probably go see a Therapist
