I love White Zombie, but I think Rob Zombie did better on his own...
This guy is a fucking bag of dicks. He's Skip Bayless if some people actually thought Skip Bayless could put together a sentence correctly.
I like this one a lot
Best Star Wars game ever.
I like dis one
Also, needs more Boz-shaming touchdowns.
You sound like a 12 year old right now. This isn't even relevant.
Yes! The swords! This is the only game where I've seen a sword and thought "I can absolutely imagine holding that." The leather textures, the metal, you can just imagine the weight of it! Also, love lookin at my Griffin armor and swords during cutscenes too.
Sure you did, Daniel. Why you gotta be dragging Lindsey down with you?!
I've gotten some Loot Crates, and it's ok, but in my mind, probably a waste of money. For 30 bucks I could pick out one thing that I really want rather than 5 things that are kinda cool.
I think he meant b9. As in "I have good news! Your tumor is b9!"
&gt; Then I would say, they are simply doing this for business perspective, not that they love the X1 community. Is this because, they don't have enough confidence in their console to bring new games, so let's try different and put backward compatibility.   Got that fanboy stink on ya, son
I can't tell if he's being a dick, or if he's trying to make a joke that none of us are getting....
That's what I love about these games. The level of detail is absurd!
Just voted. Definitely wanna dock at a place called Ramjam!
Iiiiii would say it's very high up there....
To be fair, Sir Anthony Hopkins could have played Jar Jar and it still would have sucked
Hell yeah! You a Taylor Swift fan?! Crank that shit!
Yeah that I don't know about.....
You're right. Just because someone needs something for work doesn't make it a human right. For instance, I need prescription pads for my work, but not every human should have a right to a prescription pad. Look guys, I hate Fox as much as you do, but stop saying things that are equally as stupid.
So then paper and printers should be a human right?....
It's crazy! The way he says it, it's like what he's doing is something that is completely ok! He can't FATHOM that there are people out there who think that chokeholding suspects is wrong!
Iron Giant. It's a very well done movie.
Three vaginas and they're STILL raping our women! Selfish bastards!
In a non-starting shit way, do the Vikings really consider themselves our main rival?... I always saw it as Packers/Bears, Vikings/Lions...
Probably won't use this term again until Belicheck leaves NE
Love it! ALL their shit talk and "FTP" shit all season! For them to lose like that is amazing!!!!
That's the thing that gives me hope for next year! Our defense is starting to mature and come into their own!
That Peppers guy is alright!
He's going to kill himself pretending to kill himself!
I agree with you that it stems from jealousy, but it doesn't mean that it doesn't get obnoxious. As a Thunder fan, I don't comment and post "fuck the Rockets" whenever they lose.
I honestly don't think we do that.... If we have, I've never seen it... Does your subreddit really have a FTL and FTB? I've never seen it... And good! I'm glad you can cheer for some of our guys too! Serious question though, why do you all hate Rodgers? (Maybe you don't personally, but a lot of Vike fans do) Other than him selling out to State Farm, I love everything about the guy!
I freaking loved Atari Bigby! Our defense might have given up a lot of yards and penalties, but they beat the shit out of everyone they played!
No need for racial slurs
Ugh... I know I'm in the minority, but I hate hate HATE Wes Anderson... The way he directs his dialogue is just so strange! The actors deliver their lines so quickly one after another and so deadpan that it sounds like they're reading off of cue cards to me.
You're much funnier than I was at your age....
Who the hell posts shit like this on facebook?
He looks old as hell! Look at his hands! Those are the hands of a 90 year old grandmother!
That movie had such promise, then went to shit...
And don't talk "like the youths"
Ok I could agree with you there. I'm more anti-Redmayne than pro-Jordan on this. I do think Jordan got robbed on not being nominated for Fruitvale Station though.
I'm getting chills just thinking about it!
&gt;I don't think anyone blames OKC fans for rooting for their team  You haven't spent much time around Seattle, have you?...
Marlon Wayans from White Chicks tore your team apart!
Except for the third wife that no one pays attention to anymore cause she got fat
Harden doesn't even get chances to choke!
AND YOURS IS STILL HOPING MICHAEL JORDAN WILL COME PLAY FOR THEM
OR THE WARRIOR FAN'S LOYALTY
Still knocked your team out without breaking a sweat!
That line is shittier then the lines from SF to shitty ass Oakland for your games!
