This sub has been flooded with this sort of talk for a while now.  I notice less and less people from the UK are contributing, probably because of the atmosphere built up by brexit users.
Communist? I've never seen anything remotely communist over there.  Left of centre certainly but given the Labour party seems to be the favourite of /r/unitedkingdom I wouldn't expect many communists.
You're not supposed to do anything other than rent.  The rental market needs to be supported don't you know? If they build houses then all of a sudden lots of Tory voters won't have that nice reliable source of income.
I think that a lot of Leave voters will seriously consider their choice of vote for the next GE after what they perceive to be an attack from their own party.  Nige has played up to these people and has been trying to get their vote for a while now, he might well cause a rift big enough to achieve electoral success on the back of.
Very sad.  Hopefully as they get older they can begin to understand what happened in Syria and hopefully it becomes possible for them to return if they wish.  If not then Scotland can only gain from them.  Their choice.
BUT NASHANULISM!  I think it's beaten into Labour supporters in this country that believing in self governance makes you no different to UKIP because reasons.  I know it annoys them that the sort of blood and soil ethnic nationalism that you find in the rest of the UK is as near as makes no difference absent in Scotland but it's no excuse for utter ignorance either.
Wait, I thought you were making some sort of clever statement based on what Yes voters did to Labour in 2015...  Still, I can get behind the sentiment.  I think a lot of Conservative voters will feel let down by their party if it's a remain result, I see UKIP as the obvious future choice for those people.
And she should.  She might be able to sort out the UK Tories somewhat.
Countries who trade goods and people as freely as we do in the EU have way less reasons to go to war with each other.
God only knows.  I guess left wing ideas are a hard sell in England these days.
Well, fuck.  Hopefully that's an outlier
Can we arrange a quick cultural exchange with our friends in the North? :)
Can ye fuck.  Get out and vote.
Very unlikely.  Scottish Pound would make more sense now.
Ach let it go.  It doesn't matter now.  People are just understanding one of the central arguments of Yes, they may be late to the party but what was a shot in the dark in 2014 is now as clear as can be for many.
They could.  UN wouldn't be happy with them though, as for whether that matters or not... debatable.  I think WM has enough experience in these matters to be very wary about raising tensions in such a way, they know the absolute best reaction would be support for independence spiking and they know they can't deny a referendum forever - eventually a WM government will come along who approve one.
English speaking EU nations will have an enormous advantage with the UK out of the EU.  Scotland has the opportunity to share the benefit of this with Ireland.
Quelle surprise.  P&amp;J is second only to The Scotsman in terms of Scottish Tory rags.
Its incredibly unlikely for that to happen though.
Tomkins knows fine well what Sturgeon also knows: WM will be required to overrule the Scottish Parliament.  Those of us on the pro-indy side of the argument in Scotland know the effect this will have.  I believe even ardent loyalists like Tomkins know the same.
I think the idea of inviting /r/Iceland is an excellent one!
I think in the short term it is realistic to expect Scotland to be worse off.  Independence would present a prime opportunity to implement some forward thinking ideas to rectify this though.  As part of the union Scotland will never be able to properly tackle its individual economic issues, we will be taken out of a favourable trading bloc by the Westminster government and continue to be governed with a one size fits all policy that is contrary to our individual needs.
Yes.  How do you think Ireland was allowed to descend into the chaos that resulted? This attitude runs deep in the English national psyche.
Yep.  It would not be acceptable to keep the UKs nukes in an independent Scotland.  As regrettable as job losses are, it is not something that can be avoided.  UK would not wants its nukes in Scotland just as we wouldn't.
Defensive purposes like any other nation.
You might want to tell that to the top bods in Leave who now seem to think you voted for the EEA then :)
Seems like fucky data or highly confused people.
How can it be a one party state? Scotland elects its parliament through PR for christs sake, there's 5 parties represented there.  This is some Daily Mail level bullshit and I would have thought that someone with access to the internet and a brain capable of critical thought would realise this.
Might be a fair few abstentions? I don't think any of the other parties besides the Greens will really have their strategy thought out on this one yet.
Kezias too busy deciding if she should stab Corbyn in the back too I think.
You'll need to disown and banish Nuttall...
But but but wankstained pissgibbons have genuine concerns! We should be listening to them!
I really cannot fathom what the fuck Labour think they are doing right now.  If they want to get Corbyn then fine, get Corbyn but pick a better fucking time to do it.  The CONSERVATIVES pushed for this referendum to be held and it's been a monumental fucking disaster, the party should be getting absolutely roasted for it and due to all this Labour drama the attention is being diverted from the colossalness of the Tory fuckup.  Of course, the Tory fuckup will last longer than the Labour one but the only impression that will be left in voters minds of this period is of equal disunity and incompetence across both parties.
The fact that you're apparently Irish and can post a comment like that surprises me.
It's good to see the battle lines being drawn though.  I'm not sure the Tories can win this one, they seem to be operating under the assumption that Scottish Tory voters aren't pro-EU and I don't think that's entirely correct.  It'll be interesting to see if any of their individual MSPs recognise the potential folly of this.
Yeah, I think they missed a trick with that one.  Should have been in a mailshot, would be expensive but it was very well produced and put to bed a lot of the nonsense that was being pushed over the airwaves from the Leave campaign.
66% support sustained for that long is near impossible to achieve in Scotland I suspect.  We need to be realistic, there is a portion of our population who are ardently loyalist and will never - under any circumstances - support a referendum to leave the UK.  I'm not sure if they constitute 33% or not but I suspect the figure will be close to that.
If that did happen I'm honestly not convinced the UKs reputation would ever recover within the EU.
We're not yours to give.
It doesn't.  They were not elected by Scots.
She's just Thatcher.  I'm not just saying that because she is a Tory woman, she literally is just Thatcher.  Has anyone checked her grave?
It doesn't really concern many in Scotland which particular right wing shitepilot the Tories pick to lead them down south.  It's as relevant as the Labour leadership challenge will be: not very, they're all tossers.
Pathetic showing.  Wheres Gove? Johnson? Cameron clearly has washed his hands of just about everything going on and whilst the UK slips into economic chaos the people who are supposed to be responsible and very likely will be responsible for it shortly are either absent or just don't seem to give a shit.  Labour also, what a fucking stupid time to stage a coup.  When they had a real chance to capitalise on the mess the Conservatives have made they're barely held together as a party and Corbyn once again refuses to actually go for the jugular.
Yep.  UK has ruined its rep in the EU over the years and the ref just finishes that off.
May is a fucking psycho.  I wish I could wrap my head around the Tory way of thinking, I really do.  This sort of thing just confuses me no end, I want to be able to understand how anyone can look at these people and consider them decent politicians.
I don't think there will be any rush.  The groundwork needs to be in place for a genuine case to be made, there certainly cannot be any doubt as to the big questions of EU membership, currency plans etc.  The SNP are gradualists, rushing is not in their DNA and despite some members/supporters desire to race into a second indyref it will not happen until the time is right.  They didn't get to this point by rushing into things.
I've thought that for a while.  Should be required equipment to operate a vehicle.
It'll be right back on the table once she is elected.  Just watch.  An authoritarian like May doesn't change her spots overnight, she just knows that there's a certain amount of Tories who she needs to gain the support of at this time.
Coward.
More of a necessity that anything at this point.  Eagle is no better than Corbyn if leadership is what they're looking for surely?
