sounds yummy
love the name
then why waste the time to set it up in the first place?
Then why bother to have an online store in the first place.
Welp that just another reason to make me not go to California
In order to be a "good" politician you need to have no real beliefs or values and just sell your vote to the highest bidder.
raising the smoking age will have very little if any effect on underage users.
I love trying new rda's
Love the color scheme
Castle Long is the clear winner,  live the UI
If only it wasn't ugly bulky and awkward.
How about we at least wait to see a release date before pre-ordering. That being said I will most likely pre-order it when the various editions are announced.
Comfort of grip? I don't know about you but I hate the edges on most box mods.
He's right though... Am I missing something here?
No you are probably right, I made a huge miscalculation involving the average price per foot. The cheapest I've bought kanthal at would be about 7¢ per foot, for a coil using 4 inches that would cost around 2.7¢.
I realize that after I noticed my miscalculation of a foot for 20 cents instead of 5-10 cents depending on the Guage.
Yeah, from what I see its just a ~very~ loud minority of gamers on both sides that are like that, most realize that we are all gamers so why fight about system preference or pointless brand loyalty.
i definitely see the resemblence
Or you could just not give in to peer pressure and make your own decisions.
very pretty
At a reduction like that you'd be stupid not to
that the best sellers block on the front page is actually good products instead of things just being pushed
For 18 Guage to really be useful you'd need a 26650 RDA.
I'd recommend the kanger subox mini kit. It's a 50w mod with a single 18650 battery and it comes with the new subtank mini's which are among the best tanks out there and you have the option of building your own coils if and when you feel comfortable enough to do so. The kits will run you around 60 and add in a 25r or 2 from illumn.com and a nitecore i2  charger and you should have a good setup for under 100
The small percentage that have been reported to have problems fall into the QC margin of error. Whenever you get a new mod that has the hype that the ipv4 had you will negative reports here and there.
Convenience
Balancing
They did change the definition of literally and gullible, so it's possible...
It will likely be such a big disappointment that duke nukem forever will seem like a good game.
Best I've tried is mutation x v4
Makes sense
Give it a month for the graphic mods to come out.
Because of vaporflask it will be at least 300 probably more.
Why not go with a powerline Adapter
do you really think it take a minute to type 5 words...
that would imply i actually care
Your logic doesn't follow through
Why not both?   Mutation X v4 with a dual Clapton build at around .45 ohms  Fight Club without a doubt, primarily because it goes against the grain of basically every movie made in the last 25 years or so.
The green is pretty
Flavor and vapor on that beast us unparalleled IMO
Only one I've found
Such a pretty sight for a competent CV
Yet if done right it works.
A few of them are pretty funny, but yeah up voting them just makes them seem more welcome. Ideally the "things peasants say" type of post should be limited.
The core game mechanic of V.A.T.S would make multiplayer very uncomfortable.
I'm hoping he got his ass kick in the last one.
Nope that guy is just being an asshole, there is nothing satirical about it.   Edit: staged or not this video only serves as ammo for those who try to ban vaping.
Staged or not this video only serves as ammo for those who try to ban vaping.
Upgrading now would be a waste if your only looking for 1080p 60fps
And how many times have politicians and news agencies pulled nonsense articles and videos from the Internet and pushed it as truth, and the mass majority accepted it as fact without even a little digging?
