I don't know how much the services of a CPA cost exactly, but I would say that for this particular year, with all these changes, it could very well be worth it. Maybe then from  next year onwards, you can switch again to doing them yourself.
You're welcome. Perhaps you can wait a few more months, and during those months work on consolidating your side-income and on reducing your expenses? And on getting used to the idea of becoming self-employed...
I would like to help. But I have a few questions:   What do you mean by "Have a job, but only half a year."? Did you get that job half a year ago, or do you mean you can only work it during six months of the year? (You can edit your post)  What kind of annual (posttax/ takehome) income do you have with your current job (to see whether it could be possible for you to pay for transport etc)?
The interest rate on your student loans is high enough to prioritize them over saving more for retirement. The interest rate on your car loan is lower, so if you've got any extra money coming in: put it towards the student loan, not the car loan.   Http://unbury.us can be used to compare paying down the loan with the lowest balance first vs paying down the loan with the highest interest rate first.
Yes, this is the recent stock market. Sucks that you just got in now, but over the long, long run it'll be fine. Keep investing.   And yes, also pay off your student loans, of course.
They way you want to do it, is not wrong.   But if people have a low-interest student loan (say, $10k balance remaining @ 4%), if they have a good, stable job and are settled in a specific area, then buying a not-too-expensive house may make sense for them.   For you, just go with paying down the student loans as much as you can as soon as you can. It's a smart move. (PS Also don't forget to keep a small emergency fund and to at least put enough in your 401k to get the full match that your employer gives (if they do match)).
I would focus on paying it off as soon as you can. Maybe it's even possible to pay off in less than 10 years (if your salary keeps increasing).   http://unbury.us could help you create a plan; see what an extra $200 or $500 per month can do to speed up the payment process (the difference can be bigger than you think).
What interest rate does the student loan have? What interest rate would the line of credit have?   Generally speaking I would lean towards paying off the student loan slowly. Reason: they *can* suddenly deny you the use of the line of credit, and not give you that money. Then you could be stuck with no access to money. They cannot demand the full $3600 back from the student loan all in one go. So paying it back slowly means having more money in the bank for sure, which can be important to keep you going during your studies.   But if the student loan is at 10% interest rate and the line of credit at 2%, I might take the risk of using the credit line instead of the student loan.   Have you selected a new study that you think will work well for you? (Your interests, and your career prospects?).
Thirty stocks isn't very diversified, no. I can imagine the majority not doing well and also a significant percentage (like 10 or so) going bankrupt during a market downturn. So thirty companies is not a lot and not very safe.   I would not sell the shares that you've got now, and I would assume the market will recover in your country, too.   But I would indeed get international exposure and make your national market at most 10% of your total assets over the next five years or so (so mostly invest new money internationally). I live in the Netherlands, and I haven't even bought a Dutch-specific index fund; the "smallest" regional area I'm investing in is Europe.
&gt; Soon I will be expected to give my wife children before I get too old.  Seriously?  Do you even want to be a parent? If not, then please, please, don't do it. Enough unwanted children on this earth already!
A financial planner is not going to help you, I think. What you need to do right now is:   1. Pay down debt. Starting with that $5k in credit card debt, as I assume it has a very high interest rate.   2. Put money in a savings account. For emergency expenses, and later on for savings for a car and for a down payment.   3. Put more money in your retirement account, say 6% of your salary instead of 2%. Later, when your debts are gone, you should up this to 10%.   Now, a financial advisor is going to tell you the same thing. But he or she cannot create these accounts for you, create the automatic transfers, and make you do this. That's you. So "just do it": start paying down the credit card debt, perhaps by creating an automatic transfer which happens right after each paycheck comes in. Open a savings account (if you haven't got one already) and transfer money to it with every paycheck. Contact your HR-person at work and change the amount that is transferred to the 401k.   You are the one who needs to make the changes.
On the other hand, if you have casual sex, you should *always* use a condom to protect yourself and the other person. Those guys were idiots apparently.
1. A parttime programming job on the side? With a company who don't mind that you aren't available during office hours, and who will allow you to work from home.  2. Develop an app or a computer program, possibly related to (personal) finance. May or may not result in cash flow, you never know whether it will be a success or not.  3. Become a consultant yourself, start your own company. Let yourself be hired for small projects by companies, where you work hard on a project for a few weeks (remote; and in the evening hours in your case) and get paid for the result.
$1 million is pretty great! And there will be others who will have the same salary as you, and they will not put away *any* money, and they will still be at work at age 67, when you have been enjoying already at least ten years or retirement already being, and staying, fit and healthy.   I think you'll very well capable of increasing your income as well, which means your retirement date can get closer and closer to the current date as well.
Depending on whether or not you're planning to reproduce this month, that may be a good or a bad thing.
Which is by the way not forgetting that you actually *can* get cancer from the sun, but ... still better to catch a few rays compared to never going outside ever. Vitamin D and emotional well-being and stuff.
Perhaps. Maybe it would be better to just have a local wedding and invite the people that you actually want to be there.   You would "force" several other people to fork over several hundreds of dollars for that destination wedding, just to allow you two to avoid these maybe-painful conversations with people that you actually do not want to invite to your wedding.  You would also perhaps end up with some people you'd want to be there not able to make it (due to money or time restrictions), while someone else with more money and time is coming and you actually don't care for them being there.
Yes, the markets are currently down, so that your robo-investment is down could well be because of that.   I would find out, what exactly Voya does with your money: what is the money invested in? And what are the fees?   If the fees are low ( &lt; 0.5%) and the investment options are good, I would strongly consider maxing out the 401k .  By the way, make sure that the IRA doesn't get more than $5500 of your contributions this year, more is not allowed (and if you put in 10% of your pretax income, you are going beyond $5500 this year).  Check out /r/personalfinance, they have a FAQ (right-hand column) which has excellent advice on retirement accounts and which options to choose within the 401k.
I think it is possible that interest is added that accumulated during her studies and in the one year when she deferred the loan.   The total amount of interest seems to be something like $6k or so, and I can imagine that for a loan with 7% interest rate, this is what accumulated over the years (from the first day that she took out the first loan, if they were unsubsidized loans, which means that interest start accumulating as soon as you take out the loan, but you won't need to make payments until you finish your studies).   However, I'm not completely sure of this. I think the most important thing for you and her is to just call the loan provider and ask them to give you a long explanation of what has been happening.   It is possible that also administrative errors were made. So talk to the loan provider.   Also ask why there is a late payment, perhaps you have been making too irregular payments? But that could be a different matter and (another) error by them...
Pay debts from highest to lowest interest rate, so start with the credit card indeed and when that's gone, work on student loan 2.   http://unbury.us might help, as could the [FAQ on debt](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/debt#wiki_what.27s_the_best_way_to_pay_down_my_debt.3F), which also explains why focusing on the highest interest rate helps you become debtfree soonest with the lowest amount of interest paid.  Congrats on getting a bonus, and good luck!
You say renting would cause a loss, are you sure? The mortgage payment consists of a part of mortgage interest, and a part of paying down the principal. If the rent covers the mortgage interest and other costs (like taxes), then it could be that it's not a loss.   So say rent is $600/month, and mortgage payment is $700/month and taxes are $100/month, BUT the mortgage payment has $300/month going to principal, then the $600/month rent covers the interest part of the payment, and the taxes, and a little bit of the principal payment, too.
If you can't afford both, then of course you need to choose the insulin.   And then let's hope that nothing terrible/catastrophic will happen to you, while you are not covered by health insurance for this month. (Of course you know that if an emergency happens, just to go to the hospital and get treatment, you can work out a payment plan later, when they have saved your life)
You're right. And you could be the poster child as to why buying isn't always better than renting a place. Now you know, right? (Sorry, that has little to do with you, but there are too many young redditors coming here saying "renting is throwing money away, they tell me, so I need to buy!")  You will need to come up with the difference, and a loan is your best bet. Could be a loan at your bank, you could also consider P2P-lending (like prosper) if they offer a better interest rate to you.
80% stocks / 20% bonds is what lots of people here have who are on their way to financial independence; and they will very likely reach it quicker than people who are 65% stocks and 35% bonds. Diversified and low-fee stock investments (index funds) are actually quite safe in the long run, volatile in the short run but showing a nice return in the longer run. OP is also young enough that a short downturn won't matter much either.  If OP would do 80%/20%, the 20% would still be quite a lot of money, so that even an unexpected event in his personal life could be paid for from the cash, if it happened.
1. Keep budgeting. Try to keep your expenses low. Whenever you make more money than you need for expenses, put it aside in your savings account. Twice per year (say june and early december) look at the total amount that you've got in savings and decide how much you can set aside for retirement (keep some in savings, too, of course). I would start with opening and filling up a Roth IRA (maximum $5500/year), after that you have lots more of possibilities for tax-friendly retirement savings as someone who is self-employed. PS chexk out the FAQ for general info on retirement accounts, and check google for retirement accounts available for self-employed individuals).   2. I guess I would try to find a reliable second-hand car for a few thousand - hopefully one that will last you 2-4 years. I'm not sure whether you have the savings for that, yet? If not, you might have to try to secure a loan, and then I would pay that off asap, even before saving for retirement (as I assume your interest rate on the car loan will be high, unfortunately).  Good luck. And thanks for serving society.
Are you taking medication for hypertension, please? Have your cholesterol checked, too. Knowing that it's high means that you can do something about it. Ignoring the issue won't help. Hugs.
It is spreading, and I'm really curious what it will do to the debate of having kids or not having kids. This is I think the first time a disease makes people stop having kids. Other arguments, like "don't have kids because you are already poor" or "don't have kids because of environmental reasons" are less convincing, I think, then: "don't have kids because if you catch this disease while pregnant, your kid will come out retarded".   I do hope science finds an answer for this, such as a vaccination, because I'm sure otherwise there will be more microcephalic kids in the next decade, and I don't think that's a good thing for society.
OP has more money than he'll ever need, why would he still "never stop working"?
Not your problem. It's very sad for these children, but they are not your responsibility. Good luck at work!
Tell her that children are no longer a subject in your discussions with her. If she talks about you having children, that's the end of the conversation for that day (or week, whatever you prefer). If she talks about other children, she can perhaps mention them ("Aunt Laura's grandchild had a birthday yesterday"), but if you then say she should drop the subject, she should drop it, or else you will end the conversation.
It's a bit like raising a child. If unwanted behaviour is punished, then it often stops. Maybe you can also reward her if she shows behaviour that you want...
Definitely do that. Cycles typically become very irregular and unpredictable as women age, which is why a lot of catholic families have "surprise" siblings that are 5-10 years younger than the rest of the kids. Because of the older age of the parents, these often also weren't the brightest kids, unfortunately.
Next time you talk to her, imagine that she's a big dog, badly raised, but perhaps still capable of learning new behavior...
I think involving consumer protection agencies at this point is the thing that will activate this bank... You need a strong third party which can force them to "behave"; you have given them all possible chances to resolve this themselves.   Complaining with the [Federal Reserve](http://www.federalreserveconsumerhelp.gov/) might help.
Pay off the credit card in full.   I don't really think it's weird that a 25-year-old pays his parent(s) rent for the privilege of having a roof over his head. Yeah, sleeping on the couch sucks, but the $400 is for rent and utilities and probably also groceries (?). Not too bad a deal, and it will be hard to replicate that if you move in with friends.   So pay off the credit card in full, and I would put the remaining money in savings, becuase you'll need a buffer if you want to move out by summer.
Up your contributions to the 401k and IRA, right?
Definitely sounds like an option. I would create a time path (how many years here, when do you start exploring teaching jobs there, etc). I would also stay flexible, who knows what will happen in the next five years or so (I'm talking in your personal life and I'm talking politics and situations in Asia and stuff like that).
You can actually be a real advisor to your clients, instead of a salesperson... Sounds really nice :-)
I think google's your friend here. If you know pretax income and which state you'll be in, then you can get a good estimate from many websites that will extimate posttax income or paycheck numbers from pretax income.
Ouch. Sorry to hear that your friend advised a combination of investing and life Insurance.   *Term* life Insurance can be a good idea to cover any people dependent on you/on your income, until you have saved enough to replenish that income, or until your dependents have grown up.   Whole life Insurance or other more complicated Insurance products generally are not beneficial for you, the client, but more for the advisor and the company selling them. Only if you're really rich and want to make sure your estate tax is lower, then a product like that makes sense. For that you would have to leave an estate behind in the multimillions ... I don't think you're there just yet?   So no, I wouldn't do this.   Also see the [FAQ of /r/personalfinance](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/insurance) on this specific topic.
I guess I was just trying to point out that $400/month is not unreasonable/pretty good deal.   Your own situation is pretty good. Well, I also think that in your situation financing a pretty expensive car was a mistake, but that's a mistake that you will be able to overcome (by paying down the car loan with some dedication and by driving the car for as many years as possible, taking good care of it), and next time you can make better choices.   As for your other expenses: you could probably in the future also make better choices for your phone. There are currently plans for like $20-$50/month that probably will give you the same amount of data and minutes that you are using now. You're probably on a contract now, but when you're ready to switch, research your options. That would be a savings of multiple hundreds of dollars per year.   As for your student loans: it might be beneficial to pay them off quicker. You have more income than expenses right now, your credit card debt will be gone once you have that tax refund, maybe it's time to start focusing on the student loans. In particular, if there are loans in there that have an interest rate over 5%. You can check out http://unbury.us to create a payoff plan, that page allows you to play with the numbers ("What if I pay an extra $100/month?") and then you can see how much quicker you can pay off your loans and how much interest that saves you (it tells you how much interest you'll pay, and you can of course compare the two numbers).  Your father's situation is different. Ultimately, that's not your problem, and also a thing that you can't fix, really, because *he* has to fix it. I'm not sure whether you would want to stick around for a bit longer to help him, but maybe for the benefit of your sister?   But yes, that's a different discussion. Most important thing for you is to get and keep your own finances in good shape. I think budgeting, trying to get better deals next time on expenses like car (transport) and phone, and getting rid of debts are smart things to do. Good luck!
To me it seems a bit "all over the place". Why three different brokerages accounts with Vanguard, for example? And why target date 2060 for one, and 2045 for others? And then add several other investments to the target date fund as well...  I would probably try to simplify - reduce the number of accounts and come up with a more simplified allocation too.   I'm no expert on this, and I guess others will also weigh in on the matter. But if I personally were to inherit this, as I said, I would simplify :-)
PS. I thought about adding: Vanguard's a good choice of course, as are its funds. It could also be a lot worse :-)
Some people get rich by being a landlord, others have to declare bankruptcy at some point. It all depends on the debts that you have (and at what interest rates), the prices at which you can buy the properties, whether or not you can get renters and how much rent they pay, how much you'll need to pay for repairs, taxes, etc.
Three years is too short to invest this money in stocks. The risk is too great that stocks would be worth less 3 years from now than they are worth now. I don't think you want that to happen to you.  So the best thing to do, would be to keep this money in a savings account with high interest rate. It's possible that you can also find savings accounts in the UK where you promise to keep the money in for 3 years, and in return you get a higher interest rate. (In the US, this is called a CD or certificate of deposit, in the UK, I don't know).   In short: find a good account where the money is safe and secure, and try to get an interest rate that is pretty nice. (NB: make sure to look beyond your own current bank, as other banks may offer better rates).
I stopped reading halfway through. Whole life Insurance, universal life insurance or permanent life insurance and you got a shitty deal. Check out the FAQ as to [why](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/insurance) this is a shitty deal for everyone except the company and your financial "advisor".
Open a free savings account. Put money that you don't need, there. That savings account will be your "car savings account", thus, it's only there to help you buy a car.   It helps to have the money out of sight. You won't see a high balance in your regular account, and thus, hopefully, you're also less tempted to spend money on silly stuff.
If the mortgage interest rate is 4% and stays at 4% (fixed rate), I would work on the IRA. It's likely that investing in stocks within the IRA will give you an average return of 7% or so, which means it gets a better return than paying down the mortgage faster.  If the mortgage interest rate is variable, then it is likely that the rate will go up in the future, and then I would focus on that a bit more.   In all cases, it's also allowed to do a bit of both; so you could pay down the mortgage by $10k per year extra, and also put 2 x $4k in both IRAs. (By the way, it seems like you have at least $30k of extra cash flow in a year; so actually you can put $11k in the IRAs every year AND pay down the mortgage by $19k every year).
Nice, congrats! And keep it up, of course!
I'm sorry to hear this, OP.   I think you have already got some good advice.   I just have two things:  1: Where's your mother in all this? She's the "true" adult here, the one who should try to keep everything together. I know that's a pretty tough thing to do when you're also mourning and a bit lost, but I believe that at the very least the burden shouldn't be completely on you. You might want to share some of your sorrows and worries with her.   2:   &gt; The youngest is in trade school but has recently lost interest in graduating and none of us can figure out why.  I also can't, but ... this can't go on, of course. So try to find a way to make him/her talk. Find help. Perhaps the school can help, perhaps there's a counselor somewhere who can help. As a young person, you should all be eager to go, get your own life, and get a job to be able to do so. I'm a bit afraid that the 22-year-old one is hard work to get back on track, but try to catch this 20-year-old brother of yours before things get worse.
