The Last Ride. Damn this move was so awesome.
Just make sure, you don't watch SummerSlam!
Patel you beauty
I think it went like "If you're into sports, then go ahead and do sports. Stay away from drugs, that'll only hurt your near ones like your parents. If you want to study then do this. As long as you do what you're doing with passion, anything is possible"
"I'd like him to have a one last run"... Whom the fuck don't you want to have a one last run? Very often people will talk about Jericho, Kane, Bully Ray (in that one thread), Batista and so on...
Thing is... he's not to blame. It's the coach or the captain.
My point. That kid basically did his job and scored as many  runs as he could. Go hard on the shitty coach if you must
They should make a double blade kendo stick like the Darth Maul sabre.
I feel like that that guy on twitter didn't quite get the concept of this particular meme.
NO BITE WHAT SO EVER. THAT'S WHAT THIS BOWLING SIDE'S GOT!
A bit disappointed that Cook didn't get his 50. But congrats!
I would like to see a 10 time Intercontinental Champion Chris Jericho.
Edge, Michaels and I'd also argue that Punk was pretty good at it as well.
This is still doable... I mean what 58 off 52?
Sooo...can we like, I don't know, not have Dhoni captaining the ODI side as well? Just give him a farewell at the home t20 world cup and have him retire after it.
Maybe India shouldn't fuck everything.
"Buddy we're #1 in Tests ranking, who cares about the Rest" BCCI probably
Tell ya what, if I get anything worse that a C (that's a 3 in Austria) I'll change it to procrastinosaurus.
God I hate this meme.
For the IC Title with Jericho as going into WM as champ? I just want him to be the 10 time IC Champ!
everybody does! you have to stop the q-tip when there's resistance!
They're going with Jericho vs Styles instead of Jericho vs Ambrose. I'm a bit disappointed.
Like a well run german distribution company.
He's not a big guy, he's not a small guy. He's **THE BIG GUY**.
Not WWE but the WWE should NEVER book the reverse royal rumble thing that TNA did.
I'll order my cappucciono WHENEVER AND WHEREEVER I WANT CUNTFACE!
I think I'm absolutely getting this kit. Finally a non white-red away shirt.
This is the stuff my wet-dreams are made of.
You know what I miss the most? Hockenheim track-layout of 2002.
Maybe he IS talking about the 200 olympics that took place in Sidney, Greece.
Bold statement.
You have to understand what *he* is saying, you stupid idiot.
Owning a dog maybe not. But reproduction is a basic human right. As much as I agree that people should be taught how to raise children, but taking away the ability is absolutely not right.
Tomatoes are the fuckin best thing!
He just said why...because he's impatient as fuck.
Three? Holy shit man! That's gonna be a long evening/night.
Gotta love albanian Coach and his reactions.
It is Turkey v Croatia after all. Wouldn't be a proper game without a red card.
balls heavy as shit.
he's got potential but it's too soon for him to be playing at this stage imo.
Because I still keep having them: That a M.A. in the Bologna-System is the same as a M.Sc.
DD has communists?
TBH not every decission has the need to go to 3rd umpire. I'm quite happy with having the once in a while wrong call. Adds to the sport and doesn't consume time in a sport that's already pretty heavy on time.
It's the equivalent of Australia being in the AFC.
Only thing I can imagine is a draw happening. Once their top 3-4 batsmen are out, SL will once again crumble. Sadly.
I'd say they've turned up but haven't tuned up yet. France, England and Germany didn't quite make an impact yet.
Pro nuclear power.
God this is terrible.
They were certainly Hungary'ier than us!
That's like the royal flush of a WW2 baby.
