A friend with weed is a friend indeed.
To be fair, Blackfish, which is what caused all their negative publicity, was extremely biased. They only bothered to look for testimonies from people who were already on their side. That's not informative, it's propaganda. If they really wanted to be informative they would have presented both sides of the issue with equal objectivity and left it to the viewers to decide whose side they were on.
I agree. People say Flo from the Progressive ads is annoying, but that smug redheaded bitch from the Wendy's commercials is a nightmare.
What struck me as odd about that movie is that it seems to be exaggerating the violence of the human race. I mean, if there were no laws for one night I may do a bit of petty theft but I certainly wouldn't have any desire to kill anyone. In some places where there's a gang problem I could see that happening, but in most places I really find it hard to imagine very many people actually doing much more than vandalism and theft.
The Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity what ISIS is to Islam.
If you're a handyman and work on roofs you could say you're on the office and it would be just fine. :3
We don't get fireflies here in California ;~;
Honestly I've often felt that I would love to move to Canada because it looks so nice and peaceful.
I want you to go kill people's PCs.
Well, at least River Monsters is catch and release and does teach about the species of fish featured, but I definitely see your point. What really gets me is when they have shows about people whose job is to go out and round up wild animals; they used to be about teaching people how wonderful these animals are, but now they're teaching us that animals are expendable and should be used as points in a competition. It's not as bad as Deadliest Catch, but is still ridiculous to have on Animal Planet.
The sad thing about that one is it's based on such a simple word to spell, rotate. They couldn't find a less confusing name for something designed to rotate food?
You know what's even more classless? Stepping in dirt, feces, and other debris in the first place. Also, we have a wonderful invention known as a welcome mat, which exists solely for the purpose of wiping the bottoms of our shoes so we don't track anything into the house.
You're the second person I've seen here talking about how people who wear shoes in the house track feces inside. Who do you know that is so inattentive to where they're walking that they regularly step in feces of any kind? Even if someone does step in feces, their first reaction will usually be to remove the shoe and attempt to wipe it off on the nearest tree or wash it in a fountain, whatever is most immediately available.
Americans don't like tea, we like beer. Sometimes coffee, but mostly beer.
I think the funniest thing about this guy's argument is that one of the links actually has "gender-wage-gap-myth" in the url itself. The operative word here is "myth." I'd say that pretty much confirms that (s)he did not read the actual links before assuming they were going to help his/her case.
The Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity what ISIS is to Islam.
A shotgun wedding may be terrifying, but it's got nothing on a shotgun divorce.
I find his candidacy very amusing, but I do look forward to seeing him go down in flames.
I'm not like some PETA nut, but I find this argument really messed up because it's basically saying animals are expendable. Just because they aren't humans doesn't mean it's okay to make a big public spectacle of taunting and then killing them.
Religion is like a penis: It's fine to have one, it's fine to be proud of it, but don't go waving it around in public and PLEASE don't try to force it down our children's throats.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I see nothing wrong with calling a fat person beautiful, as long as you're not saying it's healthy to be obese. A spare tire is nothing to be ashamed of. A tractor tire on the other hand...
Don't you mean persecuted? If it's being done because of his ethnicity as they claim then it's more a matter of persecution than prosecution.
Spanking is something that should only be used as an absolute last resort, when the child has made it clear that no other form of punishment will stop them from repeating whatever action they had done.
Yeah and their intention was for us to be allowed to carry these arms in cases where they were needed to help defend our country, but because of the wording the meaning has shifted from its original intention, at least in the public eye. That's why there's so much controversy about the 2nd amendment, because its wording doesn't clearly state its original intention and it's therefore easy for gun nuts to misuse it.
Sure, nobody bats an eyelash when China makes a giant wall to keep out their brutal neighbors, but when the US talks about doing it suddenly we're evil and racist...
It would be better than the actual Tron: Legacy. That movie was an embarrassment to the original.
That sounds adorable.
Pretty sure salamanders are amphibians, but I may be thinking of newts.
Apple seeds also contain trace amounts of either arsenic or cyanide (I don't recall which one).
Also, the idea that it's bad for adults to spend a lot of time playing video games unless it's online poker or something. Why shouldn't a man in his 50s enjoy playing Pokemon or Super Smash Brothers? A wonderful thing about video games as opposed to TV, movies, and books is that it's not the same story every time; you get to decide how the action sequences are played out and what strategies the protagonist uses to get through the obstacles they encounter.
Technically the Earth isn't a sphere. It's round, but not perfectly spherical; it s radius isn't the same at every part of the globe.
That may be true for a bachelor's degree, but one thing I learned in one of my first economics classes is that you shouldn't bother getting a master's or doctorate for the sake of salary. The increase in salary from bachelor's to master's isn't worth the extra effort, nor is the increase from master's to doctorate. Unless you NEED a master's or doctorate for your dream job, a bachelor's degree will be just fine.
Don't forget "If you don't like/share to show your support you are a horrible person"
I prefer the moving fortress type of character myself; they're super slow and lumbering but have so much sheer bulk that everything you throw at them just bounces right off.
I thought the problem was that it was too effective and the car couldn't handle it. Guess the Delorean was a lightweight.
It's the largest creature to ever take flight (that we know of). It's one of the creatures that would be epic to see in a Jurassic Park movie but would be extremely hard to really justify them having in the park. They have colossal creatures, they have flying creatures, but to keep a flying creature that immense (giving it enough room to fly comfortably) would require a bird cage that would take up a very large chunk of the island.
Your pants would have pockets so tight that it's impossible to take anything out or put anything in without standing up.
Xaldin was  a total pushover for me. I've never understood why everyone thinks he's so tough.
I'd say Cyndaquil is easy mode for Johto. Cyndaquil is super effective against 3 of the gym leaders (Bugsy, Jasmine, and the ice guy). Totodile and Chikorita are super effective against 0 of the Johto gym leaders.  Gym 1: Chikorita has a disadvantage, nobody has an advantage  Gym 2: Cyndaquil has an advantage, Totodile is neutral, Chikorita has a disadvantage  Gym 3: nobody has an advantage or a disadvantage except Cyndaquil's weakness to Rollout  Gym 4: nobody has an advantage or a disadvantage  Gym 5: Nobody has an advantage or a disadvantage  Gym 6: Cyndaquil has an advantage, Chikorita has an offensive disadvantage (since its moves aren't very effective), and Totodile is neutral  Gym 7: Cyndaquil has an advantage, Totodile has a defensive advantage, and Chikorita has a disadvantage  Gym 8: Everybody has offensive disadvantages  In short, Cyndaquil is easy mode; Chikorita is for badass trainers.
It's just so cliche to default for the Fire-type. Just because fire is often portrayed as a mighty force of destruction doesn't mean it's inherently better than the alternatives. Think of how badass the Water and Grass starters have been in the past: Blastoise, Feraligatr, Sceptile, Torterra, Samurott, Chesnaught and Greninja are all awesome in concept if not in actual stats (I don't worry about EVs and all that stuff; it overcomplicates things and makes the game less fun for me).
A honey badger is more badass than an alligator?
You're never too old for Pokemon. If you find something entertaining, why should you care if you're not in the target demographic? The idea that you can be too old for some kind of program/media is purely a social construct, and if you accept that fact you'll discover all sorts of awesome things that you had never even considered trying before.
I never cared for American Idol; what I'm sad about is Mythbusters ending.
That's what pisses me off about horror movies. If they start with a group of X number of men and Y number of women and any of them are still alive at the end at least one survivor will be female. They never have where the lone survivor is male but they have no problem having the lone survivor be female; the only way a male character is going to survive is if a female one does as well.
Admittedly part of what I'm worried about is the Curse of Lauren Faust. Apparently, every show ever developed by Lauren Faust has ended up lasting exactly 6 seasons. At least that's what I've heard.
That is another concern of mine. They've changed the dynamic so much it barely feels like the same show I fell in love with back in season 1. They just can't seem to pick a plot and stick with it:  Season 1: Twilight learning about friendship and writing letters to Celestia about her findings.  Season 2-3: Everypony learning lessons about friendship and writing letters to Celestia about them.  Season 4: The mane six keeping a journal of their experiences.  Season 5: The map sending them to solve various friendship problems.  What really bugs me about this is they seem oblivious to the fact that just because a new plot element is introduced does not mean you have to/should forget the previous one ever existed. Why did they completely stop writing to Celestia when Twilight became a princess? Why did they abandon the journal when they found the map? Why not continue using the old plot elements while adding the new ones?
People who buy into diet fads.  "Ew, you got the normal brand? It's not gluten free"  "Yeah, because I don't have Celiac disease"
Here's the problem with the gluten free thing: It was good at first as a way for people who really are gluten sensitive to get more varieties of food options, but then a bunch of people who are not gluten sensitive started seeing foods being advertised as gluten free and assumed it meant that gluten was a bad thing.   Gluten is found in wheat, which is literally the first thing human beings ever cultivated for food. If gluten was some horrible thing that everyone needs to avoid we would have figured that out several thousand years ago.
Now THAT is what I call parenting. Not being downright abusive, but also not constantly acting like your kids are precious snowflakes who could never do anything wrong.
I think you just found a great piece for the next "What's the most pretentious thing you've ever heard?" thread that comes up. There was one a few days ago, so the next one will probably be in a day or two.
