Which is why we should do a writers' panel.
Bad posture. It doesn't have to be ram rod straight, but stand up with your shoulders back, pick your feet up when walking (don't shuffle), and don't mumble when talking or overly apologize or be passive aggressive. It's not about being "super confident," just more about presenting yourself as being an adult who can hold adult conversations with people.
They're trolls.
steampunk= waterpunk was a bit of a joke. I really, really like this take on it as steampunk is so overdone and really cheesy a lot of the time.
I think context is key here. Prior to Pedowitz was Dawn Ostroff.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dawn_Ostroff   Around S6-7, she was actively trying to rebrand the channel as a teenaged girls' angst channel, and pushing their more popular shows off (like SPN) to make room for that kind of market including trying to push SPN onto Friday with a very low budget in order to kill it off (part of Gamble's problems was lack of budget). That's why we got things like The Carrie Dairies.  Pedowitz is directly talking about the mistakes Ostroff had made by targeting that audience, and then the rest of the world labelling/dismissing it as "a young girls' network." Yes, he could have stated it better, but that's the real point of reference here. He was trying to re-rebrand it back up to men and women (yes, back to mostly men) with SPN helping a lot on that area, but now going to more of a DC on CW channel that could be inclusive for women and men and hit the superheroes trend while it was red hot.
I totally get what you're saying- that Star Trek is the epitome of utopia scifi and should strive to be so- where all of the "problems" are external and not internal. That was actually one of the negative critiques of DS9 at the time- that it was too dark, too outside of the scope of what Roddenberry wanted to do.  But we, in our culture, need the internal tension as well as the internal. We need to pluck at the threads of our assumptions and happiness in order to tell good stories. It doesn't have to be an absolute self reflecting belly button naval gazing out into the universe, but DS9 found a solid middle ground of shaking up the axioms of Trek while also solidifying those ideal tenets.
Oh I get that. but it's the weird "everything is bunnies and sunshine" world viewpoint in a movie that features a pretty kickass woman character who is both designed to be the perfect sexpot AND ALSO subverting her culture's expectations of how she should act and be solely based on how she's drawn.
Puking on pork rings must be the absolute worst.
You're completely wrong about the interviews. TDS is completely underrated for its interviews, and one of the few shows that feature academic and authors at all on television.
If anything, Supernatural back in the day felt more like Hellblazer than Constantine did.
And the tobacco industry never engaged in propaganda
The metaphor doesn't quite work as all apples will rot on their own given enough time, and has nothing to do with ethics or morals as well. It's a simplified metaphor, but we can't take it too deep.
Coralville-Iowa City are so gay, they've been in a domestic relationship for decades.
Anything would be better than disquis.
We do a pretty half-assed job of it from what I"ve seen.
Harry Potter didn't actually fix his culture. The multi-generational fascistic tendencies of upper class, wealthy pure blood wizards and witches were left wholly intact without a massive cultural overhaul to really kill that ethos. The war didn't win so much as just everyone got exhausted and basically stopped fighting. Voldemort was a symbol, not a leader. The next generation will just start up again with their new "dark wizard," because they really don't give a shit who the leader is just as long as he's saying the right things.
This is what happens when people try to apply capitalistic economic worth onto human beings. Also when they confuse capitalism onto society.   None of these things are the same in the least, and yet an entire political party has spent the last 80 years trying to convince people to think of other people in terms of economic worth or drain. It's insidious.
Israeli archaeology is highly, highly politicized from multiple spectrums of groups. I don't know if there's a more complex system out there for the area.
You're comparing people to your drain. Classy.
What? No. I mean, it'd cooler if she went up against a genius tactician than the guy who just rages hulks out to fight.
No, because Sam just full on lied to Dean about Ruby's identity. He didn't have to, and he could have explained almost everything to a certain degree. That's what I mean. By then, he'd already started on this bad path even before Dean was brought back.   Also he'd already drank that nurse by the time he got the fake message.
So what you're saying is that Brendan Fraser should have stuck to being the basketball player?
I think it's, like, a simile.
This is the key to those Spielberg movies. They took the movies seriously. It wasn't some stupid cash grab or quickie flick fest designed to get in and out. Indy is a perfect example. There was real intellectual fervor and discourse to back up the movie. It wasn't about the ark of the covenant, it was about competing philosophies in academia and especially archaeology (The nature of things, the adoration of things, the weaponization of things, etc). And that's barely in the movie about gun fights and whips and Nazis. You could tell that Indy was a cowboy archaeologist (an actual thing) who knew his shit on an academic level. Same with Jurassic Park. It's not just cloning dinos, shit happens. They go into the process of how it happens. The science and science fiction backs up the plot (nevermind it doesn't work in reality), and then the dinos run amok. The discussion about the watch in Raiders (why is something important historically?) is roughly on the level of the cartoon in JP. Why does this science work given what we know about 1990s ancient DNA studies? Okay, frogs. You're emotionally and academically invested in both of these things, and then get involved with the action stuff. It's not enough just to rest on Nazis being baddies, we need to know what they're going to do with the ark, and why it's important on an academic level beyond even that.  That's where a lot the sequels and cheap movies fail. They don't sit down, work out the internal dynamics of a story and why something would work in a story, and then build from there.  Instead they just "Dinos kill, rampage. Indy flies into a video game plot. Shit happens. Jokes Happen. Done."
No, it's okay when it's done well; like semi-colons.  But it's an easier way to build drama and tension without having to write an entire paragraph to convey the same feelings/mood.  "Dean was thoroughly tired on the motel bed. What was he going to do now? Sam was gone."  "Dean was thoroughly tired on the motel bed. He had been in too many motel rooms to not find a distraction. The lamps, the bible, the cheap furniture. One time, he and Sam pulled up a carpet up off a floor as kids. Just to see what was beneath.   Dean knew motel rooms. He just... didn't know where Sam was, wasn't in a position to find him. Stuck in yet another motel room."
1) Acquire Gold Pressed Latinum  2) Profit!
I get that. It's like the movie wanted to be an environmental indictment against overfishing coupled with his career. Then suddenly realized that an even better story revolved around how his childhood was just horrible and it further strained his relationship with his sons.
now I know why Central Perk did so well.
It does look better than past models, but it's still in that "What are you being paid for?!" category.
It's not so much his use of religion as much as what excuse he can spin from any area to justify his batshit crazy views on things.
That's pretty specious. I'd really want data to back that up, because I'm talking about fairly deep time relationships that aren't necessarily tied to a more modern timeframe.
I thought it was a better version of Cas fixing Demon Dean
I always wanted to see a Seinfeld episode where Newman was the lead, the episode followed his life for a day, and Seinfeld was his arch nemesis.  They could even do a mock title opening, and call the show "Hello, Newman!" only all bright and cheery.
So he's the anti-Batman?
It's not an exercise in utilitarianism like most people are treating this. Pick whatever you want, and it's really nice to see some variety here.
Sure, if there was one sub of horrible people, but Reddit is just loaded with them.
Now I want a C is for Cookie death metal cover.
This is the David Brooks moral argument for statistic reasoning. It's not a structural problem that preys on disenfranchised people who lack resources and social help to get ahead, it's the fault of unwed mothers to blame for black men having a one out of three chance for going to prison.
Sanguine doesn't look right? It looks more French than Latin, and even then I'm not sure about the ablative declension.
So go full mpaa fining on them? I could be cool with that.
I can see the issue of Dean becoming "evil, so he's going to act like a douche." The problem is that he wasn't really evil and the red pill aspect of "being evil" failed completely and utterly. He just came off a mid90s brodouche where the only thing was the barbed wire tat and frosted tips.
Ugh. There is something kind of skeevy about this post.
It's painful that gogo boots, minidress, secretary Lt. Uhura was a better character and feminist icon than her modern day counterpart. Or whatever blonde Dr. Barbie.the other actress was.
This is how women get just flat out murdered. In many countries where it's somewhat condoned, but also on individual levels where domestic partners just lose their shit and start spouting on about honor and fidelity and whatever floats into their brains to justify domestic violence.
That's some unfortunate irony.
I love that he's androgynous, but it's not default-male androgyny. He's a man who loves to mix and match his androgyny.
Carver was in a perfect position to retconn her into being brainwashed/fucked up by Naomi and went off the deep end. That would have fixed everything about that plot and made Naomi that more scary.
No, I mean it's way, way more Dark Shadows fanfic than it is SPN.
Fit and style are two different things. Looser/ skinnier jeans go in and out of fashion, but correctly sized/fitting clothing matters the most.
Yes. The real issue here is the Greek people's lack of work ethic and care for personal consequence. The Greeks definitely gamed a lot of their system, but there's far, far to it than assuming that they're being lazy and indolent. That's not even an issue at all here. So far you've made two posts and slammed/implied personal negative assumptions for both of them while trying to dictate some kind of economic moral Malthusian system here isn't helping anyone.   Edit added a sentence
