&gt; the nominal GDP of the UK is currently £1.83 trillion. The nominal GDP of the EU is around £12.4 trillion.  I think you're comparing nominal vs PPP GDP figures (not to mention comparing a single country with the combined GDP of 28)  ---  I just checked the figures and according to Wikipedia the UK's GDP is [$2.84T / £1.86T (PPP)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_the_United_Kingdom) and the EU as a whole is [$16.77T / £10.97T (PPP)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_the_European_Union).  When you subtract Britain's contribution that leaves you with the average GDP of the other member being £0.34T, which make's Britain's £1.9T looks a lot more attractive.  Exiting Europe certainly wouldn't suddenly end all trade with European countries either. EEC free trade agreements existed well before the EU and there's absolutely no reason why free trade agreements can't again exist without EU membership being a requirement.  ...If anything it'll be the fear-mongering and uncertainty that will affect the markets and our economy, not the actual act of leaving.  ---  Having said all that, I don't think that exiting the EU is the right thing to do (as I don't believe it'll bring any significant benefits). But it's unlikely to be the unmitigated disaster you often hear about in certain areas of the press.
Adblock really needs a system where you can whitelist individual YouTube channels. I don't want ads on every video but am happy to support the channels I watch regularly.
So he wasn't a particularly *good* thief?
...also touchy and defensive.
Well, as has already been stated elsewhere, only £1.37 of each £65 sweater actually goes to charity. I'd imagine the rest goes to production costs and "administration" (whatever that means).
Nah, new build houses of this type in the UK have to confirm to fairly strict energy rating regulations. There will typically be 3-4" of foam panel insulation between the blockwork and the bricks.  They're normally fairly cheap to heat.  The 'sameyness' issue is more the thing people dislike about this sort of housing. I'd always be worried that I'd arrive  back from the pub inebriated and end up in the wrong house.
&gt; I'm pretty sure the worst election result in history was 2005, where Labour won 55% of the votes with 35% of the vote.  I was waiting for him to bring that up, but it's pretty clear which end of the political spectrum his views lie so I kinda knew it wasn't going to happen.  I wonder if this video would still have been made if the pre-election polls were correct and Labour won less seats *and* got less votes than the Tories but still got to form a coalition government regardless.  ...somehow I think not.
I think it's the same in the US.  ...At least that's what the movie 'under siege' taught me.
I edited my comment slightly to say...  &gt;  but it's pretty clear which end of the political spectrum his views lie so I kinda knew it wasn't going to happen.  ...as I feel that's probably a fairer assessment.
I'm not so sure. If I lived in Aus and were planning a holiday to that area with some mates I'd be tempted.  £462 (730 USD) to rent a six bed (three rooms with I'm assuming a double in each) holiday home on the coast for seven nights works out at £11 (17 USD) per-person per-night. That's off-peak, but even during peak season it's reasonable.  Either way, it seems like she's offering a pretty good deal to me, and if it helps a young person start their holiday hosting business all the better. Everyone has to start somewhere.
This guy was spent spending over £200 a *week* on junk food. That's 900 quid a month on food alone. Add together all the other benefits he was likely receiving and he wasn't exactly starving in the poor house.
The UK version of that one is...  Grass on the wicket, let's play cricket!  ---  But yes, very wrong.    I'd put it in the same basket as dead baby jokes; Funny, but for all the wrong reasons.
This is Also true for Americans if you factor in their health insurance costs, deductibles, etc.  Except health insurance in the US costs a hell of a lot more than Brits pay in NHS related NI contributions.
Surviving re-entry would probably be the tricky bit nowadays.
True, but the very first question should be: "Which countries did you travel through to get here?"  If their answer contains any EU countries then their claim is automatically invalidated and they're told to make their way to the country where they entered the EU and make another asylum claim once there.
I agree, so should all EU nations.  ---  EU laws as they stand state that you apply for asylum when entering the EU though. You don't get to illegally swan across Europe and pick and choose the country you claim asylum in. That isn't how it works and never has been.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking. It took 8 days (the video had a timestamp) to lay what looked like 300 sq yds of bricks. That's not particularly fast.  ...and they were big bricks, not household size.   ...and it was an easy, straight run. No corners, cuts, curves, window holes, etc.   ...and there were what looked to be about four blokes operating the machine.  ---  Like you say though, it's early days.
It's a problem because successive governments haven't been putting infrastructure in place in order to support such massive influxes of population into the country. They've lacked the money and political will to do so.  Whether folks moving here integrate or not there are simply not enough houses, schools, hospitals, jobs, etc. to support a sustained level of population growth of that magnitude.
I couldn't find pics of any Tory ones... thoughtless bastards.  [This is the closest I came across](http://votingandboating.blogspot.co.uk/2013/09/i-hope-we-dont-continure-to-politicise.html), a conservative blogger complaining about the practice.  ---  EDIT: [found one](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/B2NDPhRCUAARUSb.jpg), no logo though.
&gt; And the trees? “They died. Soon after the demonstration the grass was taller than the trees and they rotted, and that was it.”  Some really good land stewardship being shown by these so-called environmentalists :/  ---  Kinda reminds me of the story about the [League Against Cruel Sport's deer sanctuary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbgDclFnxdI) which apparently is/was filled with diseased and starving animals due to lack of controlled culling.
Out of interest, will Musk be pursuing litigation with whoever caused the fuckup?
&gt; For spectacle, large movement and still having a relatively good response I think Force Dynamics make the best rigs Though in my opinion they still have way to much latency if you don't want it to get in the way of the driving.  How about this [Stewart platform-based rig](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNUBZfrOXUc)?  Unfortunately it doesn't seem to be commercially available, but it seems to have a good range of motion and there seems to very little latency.  It also looks to be more living room friendly (doesn't take up masses of space).
Psssh, Stilton all the way.
&gt; "hour's work deserves an hour's pay"  If he truly believes what he's saying then why is he still defending  the lower wage rate for under 18s?  ...could it be because they can't vote?  ---  In any case, this is a silly idea for reasons already mentioned in other comments.
&gt; In GDP Europe is the largest economy on earth.  A huge percentage of that figure is made up of the UK's contribution which you can subtract should the UK decide to abandon the EU project.   I'm not saying it'd happen, but if the UK were to leave the EU and set up a trade deal with the US then *that* bloc would become the 'worlds largest economy', leaving the EU in second place with China close behind.  ---  Hell, the UK alone is more prosperous than pretty much the lower 20 members *combined*.
&gt; They're part of criminal organisation and in somecases commited crimes themselfes, pretty sure they're the kind that made their own country unsafe, that justifies return.  Rightly or wrongly  (I'd say the latter), doing so would likely breach their human rights and would be illegal in the eyes of the ECHR. That's the world we live in, where red-tape rules over common sense. If you're not happy with that then blame the voters and the politicians they put in charge.  Also, good luck finding a pilot willing to fly a plane load of rapists &amp; murders into the heart of a warzone.
I'm not in favour of these people being allowed to stay. The complete opposite in fact.  I'm simply pointing out the fact that EU human rights laws make it not so simple as "send them back". For the most part that simply isn't possible. Not unless Germany is willing to leave the EU to do so.  More likely Germany will do it's usual trick of palming off their problems on poorer EU countries by forcing them to take the undesirables.  ---  My point is that it's government short-sightedness and left-wing moralising that has directly led to situations like this occurring and EU red tape will prevent any country from deporting those who by every measure should no longer be welcome.  We've made our bed now we must lay in it.
If you can save £500 a month by living with her folks then your £2000 target will be achieved in four months, make it six so you can have enough to pay a bit of board &amp; lodging to your inlaws.  That's worth the short-term loss of independence if you ask me.
That may be so, but if he personally vocally campaigns for it the press is likely call him a hypocrite and to dig up quotes from his euroskeptic past, which will end up doing more harm to the leave campaign than if he'd just kept his mouth shut.  If you're pro-Corbyn, pro-Labour, or pro-EU then the best you can really hope for is that he stays out of the debate entirely.  I don't think he's media aware enough to realise this though, so this will likely become another issue the media attacks him over.   ---  ...Or maybe he's so media aware that he realities full-well that his campaigning for the in campaign will do so much harm to it that his *actual* secretly preferred result (brexit) will end up happening.  /s
Changing EU laws to suit Germany shouldn't be an option. Britain has been trying its hardest to change the EU for years and has basically been told to fuck off by Germany (and others) time and time again. Why should the rest of the EU now kowtow to Germany's demands for change just because they massively fucked up.   Quite simply, it shouldn't. Germany needs to man up and accept the consequences of its actions of fuck off out the EU (where it will be free to deal with its mess however it deems fit).  ...Not that I agree with that, but this is what the UK is told time and time again any time it asks for change.
&gt; And did you see his recent performance at PMQs vs Eagle? Terrible.  I thought they both came off well in that exchange. They played off each other well and neither looked particularly bad. She certainly came across better than Corbyn has in any of his exchanges with the PM, but that's not exactly a very high bar now is it.
He's been going through it for 50 years.  Now as leader suddenly *everyone else* is the rebel. I can understand his confusion.
Is that true?  If so I might start looking for hidden messages in their press releases.    ---  EDIT: Actually no, that would actually entail *reading* their press releases. Fuck that.
I could see him making a half-decent chancellor, he'd be a disastrous PM though, even if he does think he's "tough enough".
Ok WTF, [apparently this shite is newsworthy.](https://news.google.com/news/story?ncl=d2l0LkIaCFxtA1Mbei1QAmkQVqQ1M&amp;q=ed+miliband&amp;lr=English&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwibgZqKgJvKAhUEwxQKHa7NAbQQqgIIKzAA)  They should all all be ashamed of themselves.  ---  Must be a slow news day.
&gt;  I'm surprised he doesn't wear a Che Guevara t-shirt under his shirt   Did you see the poster behind McDonnell at the Derby Labour rally?   [I think he was looking upset as the printers heard 'Lenin' wrong when he ordered the banner.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CYTFY2EWEAAM5_b.jpg)  6th form politics at its finest.
It wants more freedom to do its own thing as a member of the EU.  This is where Cameron went wrong in his negotiations. He was negotiating to get a better deal from Britain without any other EU country getting anything in return.  If he'd argued "We know you're sick of the UK getting special deals on EU membership and I want to make it so any EU country, no matter how small gets offered the same opt outs we or any other country negotiates".  So when the UK opts out of the Euro, EU migration policies, Schengen, or anything else that any other countries get to decide whether they want to be part of the opt out. When Germany chooses to not accept migrants from newly joined EU countries, the smaller countries get to decide whether they wish to do the same.  Currently only the heavyweight countries get to make opt outs, and that builds resentment among countries which lack the power or clout to negotiate their own deals. Cameron could have argued for a more flexible EU where even smaller countries get to choose how much they want to be a part of the project.  Pretty much all members have parts of the EU they take issue with, but many are powerless to do anything about it. Cameron could have negotiated a change to all that, a change that would have benefited Britain and benefited the smaller countries which currently are forced to bend to the will of Brussels.   He didn't though, his negotiations consisted of "gimme gimme gimme", and that's why they failed.
He doesn't need to leave straight after the vote, but in the event of a 'leave' vote I'd prefer a different PM handle the exit negotiations, (probably someone more Euroskeptic who would better represent the people's wishes).   Also Cameron has shown that he's pretty weak at international negotiation, so there's that as well.
Yeah, but if they push too hard the industry collapses (see the UK's coal industry), and that's not good for the workers, the management, or the country.
She should have done it live on the telly. Could have got a lot more exposure that way.
&gt; but what you cannot claim from this is that there is a concious deliberate conspiracy to keep these things from mainstream media.  According to the comment further up the chief of police basically admitted to pretty much exactly this.  He deliberately hid details of this event as he didn't want bad things being said about migrants in the media. It's also pretty clear that many media outlets are consciously refusing to run stories like this because they don't want people reading bad things about migrants.  ---  True, this isn't as tin-foil hat bonkers as what the previous comment was alluding to; But while it may not be an organized conspiracy there's definitely a concerted effort among certain groups to prevent the public finding out about incidents such as those in Cologne or in the linked article.  So yeah, it's not a 'conspiracy' (these people didn't all get together and decide on their agenda), but this sort of censorship is 100% happening, there can be no denial of that.
This isn't particularly true for the UK at least.  If you're anywhere in the bottom 60% of earners you receive more from the state than you put in.   To be a net contributor here you need to be earning £35k p/a before tax, which is way above the average median income.  ---  NB. Will get you a source tomorrow when I'm not on my phone.
&gt; Afaik you don't automatically receive the welfare benefits of another country within the EU right after moving there.  You do in the UK. Cameron was trying to change that and was basically told to fuck off by the EU.  I believe that other countries somehow get away with it, but apparently the UK isn't allowed to.
According to the police report they had 80 riot police on the scene and that wasn't enough to stop what was going on, so that would indicate that the number of assailants were far higher than 40-100.  Not that anyone knows for sure.  I'm sure the area was covered by CCTV, but if the police were willing to try to cover the whole thing up you can be sure that there's zero chance of them willingly releasing any footage of the incident.
I stand corrected.
It's legal in the UK, but the young woman was also looking for a job in the MP's department. That's 100% an abuse of trust by someone in a position of authority.  At the very least a 50 year old MP in charge of an area known for rampant child abuse should have had better judgement when deciding if it was a good idea to send sexually suggestive texts to a teenager.  ---  He blamed the episode and his lack of judgement on an alcohol problem, which makes you wonder how its affecting his judgement when it comes to running the country.
Takes one to know one I guess.
...yet the second largest economy in the EU (Britain) has border controls and manages to get by just fine.  Merkel talks bollocks as usual.
&gt; Yet still, some people in the UK would rather reward the people living in slums in Calais where they assault truck drivers.  Thankfully they aren't running the country though.  The view of our government is that those in Calais are already in a safe country and can register for asylum there at any time. The fact they choose not to is their decision, nobody is forcing them to be there.
FOM with strict criminal background checks and the removal of freedom to claim benefits would be a fair middle ground IMO.
