I prefer 0. This way 7 and 14, 10 and 20, 15 and 30, and 20 and 40 are all fine.
What amuses me more is that it lists absolutely no points of interest in rhode island.... sounds like about what I'd expect.
Except, who cares if she maximizes her dating pool... Women are the gatekeepers. If a guy can't step up, best they date no one.
Does not change the fact. You aren't being nice by blinding people.
You seem confused.
No, we know they're trashy.  Allow me to explain: Trashy vs Classy is fundamentally about if you respect others or not. A truly classy person would realize that people do not like unsupervised children playing on their property, and stop them without a word having been said. Now, it's not that one is automatically trashy if one doesn't immediately stop the children... but, if someone has to say something to you and you REFUSE to do anything about it, yes... you're trashy now.
You know how it's getting a bit complicated? That's part of why you should be getting an attorney. Get one.
&gt;Don't take legal advice form the police.   Best legal advice you can ever receive.  Edit: formatting fail
never assume no lawyer would take it. Just call and ask.
Meh.. I've had been happier if he'd really linked it up in /r/nocontext too, but, I guess that's too much to ask for?
Yeah... so, had to figure out how to put NSFW because of this post, good job.  It's probably not much worse than a lot of things, but reading this made me dry heave just a little...  Still, think it's a good post on the context... but, maybe I just had a mental block that said "no, there is no way someone was actually trying to make vagina yogurt".
Nah. It's just funnier this way.
Bowl? What kind of D list places are you going. Mine always comes in a trough.
Because it's $3 for a shitty cup of coffee, so it feels like $95.
That's still not service.
You also generally can't claim any type of tort for asserting a legal right... I mean, if you want to throw a hail mary at this, fine. But, seems like a waste of effort to me.
people are rarely helpless.
A $120 ride is a ride to another city. Probably 80 miles. Most people are taking the ride out there then taking another one home. If you want that ride during peak times when that driver could have taken many many more people home instead... Seems fair.
I don't. He's the jackass who ... No, I cannot even pretend this makes sense. This is clearly just nitpicking.
You look like a fat pedophile.
Oswald is wrong.
So... You're saying that it's something I would realize if I gave a shit about music, but I'm also stupid if I give a shit about music?
That is correct. If you say nothing and do not resist, then it is not rape.  How you feel does not make someone a criminal. What they do does.
I think what you're saying is accurate, but also want to point out that with the father claiming those things the OP will recieve no assistance from law enforcement in safely removing the property from the house without a suit.
Uhhh... Commingling money is not a problem if you change after the LLC is formed, and operating a sole proprietorship is one of the dumbest business decisions you can make... Only topped by using a general partnership form of business.
One thing I sort of want to discuss in this topic is that I believe one of the root causes of racism is that people see race at all. As long as people define themselves in a group to which others do not belong, they will discriminate against those not in their group. One of the ways people can easily help make this change is to refuse to use the words to define people. It is not a young black male, it is a young person, a young man, or a man with a dark complexion if you need that descriptor. Saying someone is dark is fine... Saying someone is in a racial group is where this starts.
I think that feeling is correctly placed. I, personally, take it as a red flag. I mean, it's basically showing a lack of empathy and respect.  Do not see how her relationship goes anywhere healthy... But, she has not yet figured that out yet, so scared for your sister that she will never see it and he will slowly get worse.
Acknowledging that steak can be thawed many other ways, and really should not be frozen... But,meat can also be thawed by moving to the fridge the night before.
I would actually disagree. He is unlikely to be assigned a public defender if he is financially able to afford a lawyer... Which it sounds like he is.
No. Just talk to your dad about this when you can.
People often do not think about it, but i also think having it acknowledges the value the stay at home spouse brings to the table.  If something happened to her then you would likely need to either take a lower paying position and/or pay for services that you did not need to before because she performs them for the family.   It would not be expensive but people just often overlook it.
Not wrong. I would not even fire the attorney. If he was having car problems, then he was. I would only fire if this had happened multiple times.
That is really dumb. They're fiduciaries. If you try to fuck someone over that blatantly then you're risking a lawsuit.
I agree with you, just feel like some of the other people are making this out as this guy being irredeemable. Frankly, you're paying more money if you drop him... Might not be worth it for this.
Oh. My favorite ones: Where else have you lived? Do you like it here?  If they are in the same place they have always lived, they are really telling you how they feel about their life, there is nothing else to really base it on. If they have lived somewhere else, they might have reasons to feel better or worse about another place.
Eh. Not crappy design. While it is not crappy design there is not really another way to show that it's a mirror after the photographer decided the mirror should be shot from that angle.  I don't think there was another way to do this. They need a pose that gets the girl's face, highlights the toy, shows her enjoying the toy, and shows that that is a working mirror. The combination is impossible without using photoshop. Frankly, this is another instance of a decent design not being understood by the people of this sub.
Exactly! You just never message them. Most women are not proactive anyway.
I mean, you're using a word meant to group them together... And they do have some things in common, but they still experienced different levels of acceptance at various points and different struggles. I mean, lesbians never had to deal with having to conform to a mocho image. Gay men were always allowed to vote. Today, in Texas, a lesbian can have a child that legally does not have a father. Same state, a man cannot have a child that does not legally have a mother... Gay or straight. It's just... Different. I could see how not wanting to be grouped up is a thing.
Depends. I think some sweeteners are absorbed then peed out, others go out as poop or farts... Not 100% for Coke Zero.
Trump is not Anti-gay. Not sure why I am the first person to point this out. I understand that republicans have been in the past, but Trump is a moderate on most issues.  The closest thing to a racist comment he has made is saying he wants to enforce immigration law, which is the president's job.
Did you even read that? My point is made.
I am. Read it. A single, 5 year old quote? He has said nothing his whole compaign. Hillary has more [anti-gay quotes than that.](http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/278350/hillary-clinton-chris-matthews-gay-marriage-2002/)  He said that he thought the bathroom thing in NC is a mistake on their part, that transgender people are welcome to use any bathroom they like at his properties, but that he thinks it's a state law issue - which is a factual statement today.  Think about this... Supreme Court just ruled on gay marriage recently. He says nothing about it his whole campaign. Roe v wade the republicans were still complaining about over 30 years later. But trump is silent? Trump is the nail in the coffin of this issue even being a public controversy if he wins. He'll show the republicans they do not need hate monger sin their constituency anymore.
Bernie is a socialist, assuming Bernie supporters are socialists is not a dramatic leap in reasoning.
Yeah... except in those other sports it does not confer any real advantage. In racing, it is possible to physically block someone from passing you.
Oh. I know why they made the deal. It's not why the paper is implying though. Still, looks pretty bad for Clinton to be involved.
Look at this fatcat, not only does he have money he has enough time free to throw it on a cat and take a picture!
The problem is, when a company wants you gone for a reason they're not allowed to fire you for suddenly the smallest provocation becomes a fireable offense.  Late 1 minute to work for the first time in 10 years? Oh, I'm sorry, but we have to let you go.
Nah. He's better looking.
Eh. The definition of first world country is being friends with the United States. Attempting to imply the United States is not is just... strange.  Edit: Someone else trying to prove me wrong linked a full definition rather than an excerpt: http://imgur.com/jZjEKZQ
Thank god someone I said this. Was getting a bit upset at the talk of just men needing this class.  Look, I accept that men commit most reported rapes... But that does not mean we cannot stop women having an attitude that sexually assaulting a man is okay. Definitely seen that before.
