I know, but why would that matter whatsoever?  No one is would think it's "Windows No" and it would be "Window Neun" anyways for germans.
damnit videos like this always make me want to shoot a gun
How dare you ask people to report toxic players!  Seriously, /u/riotlyte pls?
Because seven ate no.
Were done here, this thread is over. You win reddit for the day.
To bad it still links there now, hah
Really? If you see [A] you think "Oh, that must be Austria!". AUT is the proper way to abbreviate Austria.
I find it incredibly easy.  Knock. Knock.  Who's there?  Some guy.  Some guy who?  Some guy tried to set himself on fire.
You're right, it does make sense.
Have you guys though about making the frames toggle-able? Honestly I would probably hide them if I could to get more screen space available to the see the game rather than a background for my UI
When you close your eyes and think really hard, do you remember that not everyone is from Europe and even if they were, that just [A] is really not obviously specific enough?  An American see's the A tag it means exactly NOTHING to them, but if they actually know 3 letter country codes, AUT does.
Either you've spent enough time in Europe to be used to the A tags or you're full of shit, either way you're still wrong.
Alright, I'm done, can we have the mods back?
If anything I'd put the insurgent up there.
Sorry but all I read is "I had to pay over $1,000 to actually get a decent amount of viewers" :/
Obviously? It's not much wider than a normal car, and normal cars have plenty of space to spare in there.
Exactly. It's pretty obvious. He knows it too, that's why he does them at random times.
It was just so disappointing. I see this guy run into minions and just tank them straight up and I kite away as best as I can and just can just ignore the minions and flash Q ignite me and I die. literally nothing I Could've done but stay under tower, like WTF?
I know it's wider but not extremely.
So on you for making the claim that it's much wider, right?
Less cringey than you saying the word "cringey"
Saying something is "cringey" is the most cringey thing you can do, IMO
Saying that was so cringey
I liked Dota 2 but the gameplay feels a bit clunky to me compared to league.
My god, the YellOwStaR save at dragon.
I really like fail flashes, aggressive flashes that completely fail, flashing into a wall
Not a bad idea actually, but you could probably just for out while watching no matter what.   Maybe, if it's a motivation issue, you can do both. Missed Fizz ult? Take a shot and do a push up. Watch LCS, work out and get drunk all at the same time :D
Yeah I don't see how anyone could say you had any fault in that. Honestly I didn't even think she would do that until probably right before she hit you.
Yeah, it's OCR just for everything, I love the extension
wine + something sweet = okay  or just wine, just chug it
Dude, don't overthink it, just get him something nice if you feel like it, I see no way how he wouldn't like getting a small gift.
Just don't worry about, get him a nice little gift if you want to, see it as an excuse. There is no way he's gonna think something like "Damn, I really wish I hadn't gotten this awesome beer on father's day".
Lol. Unless I got something wrong, alcohol/price is what you care about if it's simply about getting drunk.
What a useless waste of time.   Already have people saying #ForMundo on red side and then fighting for the win anyways. Enjoy wasting your time.
Harry balls is the only one of those I would instantly see as something wrong.
I wonder if he could carry me back to Bronze 5?
Even if that happened to me, I would change my name all the time.
Neither team deserved that win
Is that not normal that it stays covered?
when people aren't moving at all or only very, very slowly, then it can be perfectly safe.
How is hating yourself a paradox?
Not necessarily. As long as you actually know each other, it's fine IMO. Could've been a friend he hangs out with.
Did you make this up? This is the greatest thing I've ever read
Faster to get there? If they don't NEED to be transported right now with the helicopter, the helicopter is free for the next emergency?  Just guessing.
pretty much, that's why it's so scary.
I like the level 1-3 pressure. If someone is not prepared for it and doesn't back off right away, it's an easy first blood.
Sure, there are a bunch, not a lot of them will chunk the entire team like that on their own though.
If it fell off after 5 seconds, it would be worthless.
You could say the same exact thing about someone trying to keep 4 stacks. Your suggestion changes very little.
Honestly it was pretty obvious that was coming, but both jinx and vi could've followed up, but hey, we won, so I don't care.
