There's really no debate.  Putting the NSFW tag was a very nice thing to do as a lot of folks appreciate the warning and arguing it wasn't required is a bunch of silly, non proveable semantics.
I'm like, why would they move the trade deadline?   Derp.
Something was definitely done.
&gt;[“I’ve never argued against any technology being used when you have an imminent threat, an active crime going on. If someone comes out of a liquor store with a weapon and fifty dollars in cash, I don’t care if a drone kills him or a policeman kills him.”](http://www.forbes.com/sites/rickungar/2013/04/23/rand-paul-shockingly-now-supports-the-use-of-drones-on-us-soil-to-kill-americans-so-what-was-that-filibuster-thing-all-about/)
Bernie Sanders.  The internet already got burned by ron paul so they can't look to randy as the new savior.
&gt;She already loosing ground to sanders faster than when Obama was running.   False.
&gt;Once we are adults, we should be able to use the word nigger in the proper context without   No sweetie.  That's not an adult thing.  Adults have respect for other people and don't mind some good old politically correct rules that show respect for other people.
Not really.  This movement back and forth is an actual feature of a two party Democracy and has been going on since inception.    Back in the day, say post WWII, conservatives had to move left as the country itself was feeling friskily progressive.  And then after a few decades of feeling progressive, the people moved conservative in the 70s (as a reaction to what they deemed the excesses of progressive-ism) and we moved right.  Thus we got Reagan and morning in America and deregulation and tax cuts and war on drugs, etc.  And that movement is highly predictable and happening again as we speak.  Notice all the polling of how the people are turning left and how in 2014 elections all the progressive shit did well despite the Democrats losing their elections.  There's even long historical studies that show these movements have happened like clock work in America.  My favorites being "Generations" and my favorite:  &gt; Presidential Leadership in Political Time: Reprise and Reappraisal - Stephen Skowronek   Which explores how Presidents actually react to this societal mindset and govern accordingly.  Thus why Obama and Clinton had to govern as Republican-lite and use triangulation to get anything done in a highly conservative era.  Explaining it as "Republicrats who work for billionaires" misses so much good scholarly and historical information that would really help a lot of Americans stop getting mired in the day to day of politics and start seeing the trends that are indelible.
The young folks on reddit don't want to believe that Democracy in a two party FPTP voting system really is a long game of patience and dedication to one party and the principles that you shove that party to adhere to.  They want to think that progress happens fast and furious and one person will come along and make change lickity-split.  But the truth is that Democracy such as ours is a slow mother fucking game and elections are about turning out a small sliver of the base and change comes when one side unifies and stays on message, doesn't attack itself and wins elections...over decades.
It wasn't just the Republicans and the religious right.  America itself moved to the right in the 70s as a reaction to the huge post WWII progressive lurch and what America saw as liberal overreach.  It's a natural movement in the continual back and forth between the two ideologies going on here since the beginning.  And here we are again seeing the conservative era overreaching and becoming extreme, turning off Americans and forcing the whole shebang to the left.  Poll after poll is showing this movement which is just how America rolls.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory
Stop being so cynical! Look how well Ron Paul did with reddit's support behind hi- oh wait...
&gt; Obama was much closer in the polls, had name recognition, is black, and had the support of some establishment democrats like Reid.  Plus he had a political machine behind him (Chicago) that was one of the largest and best operations to ever make politics in America.
We've actually made huge progress on legalization in about 15 years (since Cali and MMJ).  And that progress is speeding up each year.  But attacking this other person and going on a tirade about how impatient you are just sounds silly.
It's very relevant and a good post.  Don't listen to the grumps in this thread.
Grifters gotta grift.
Well, he was a liberal by today's standards when he was governor of California but had to make some pretty big shifts when becoming president.  There's some great literature on how President, the ones that govern successfully, have to adopt the tenor of the times into their style or they get nothing done.  America in the late 70s and early 80s was racing to the conservative side with aplomb so he was right at the start of one of these shifts.  Makes sense that you are correct in your assertions and yet, so am I.
Breitbart gets killed automatically here for its long history of absolute garbage "journalism".
&gt; Republicans will 'spring back' from their extreme to appeal to new voters  This is what will happen in a rather boring fashion as they open their tent, quietly eschew their extremes and reform their platform.  Great write up, well said.
Sounds exactly like what is happening right now post Obama...
&gt;u.lolbroken - Fucking apes... Seriously over FUCKING because shoes they represent some shit gang that is not yours?  There's the racism.  Knew it wouldn't take long!
&gt; Millennials now have jobs too, and vote.  they need to vote more and in bigger numbers  &gt;Back in 2010, the last midterm election, fewer than a quarter of voters ages 18 to 29 showed up at the polls. This year (2014), it's looking even worse: 23 percent of voters under 30 are expected to vote. That's according to Eva Guidarini of the Harvard Institute of Politics, which studies young voters.  http://www.npr.org/sections/itsallpolitics/2014/10/08/354187589/millennial-voters-are-paying-attention-so-why-don-t-more-actually-vote  Voting in midterms is killing the left.
It's a concern troll and not a very good one at that.  Engaging with that user is like asking to be trolled.
You avoided both my questions: A) why expand government into our lives for B) something we can show is not happening.
No idea why you need to call that human being a moron. It kills your point really.
&gt;People have a tough time with aggregate effect of small changes.  Because Americans think they are rugged individuals and bristle at the truth that really, they are a herd animal and things like raising the smoking age or requiring vaccinations actually do a ton of good...for the herd.
&gt;this is an absolutely pointless overreach on the part of the government.  No it's not:  http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/12/us-usa-health-cigarettes-idUSKBN0M81VN20150312  &gt;Raising the minimum age to purchase tobacco products to 21 or 25 years old would significantly reduce their use and tobacco-related illnesses in the United States, a study published Thursday found, suggesting that states and local authorities should consider passing such laws.  &gt;If the minimum age was raised to 19 years old, smoking prevalence would decrease 3 percent by 2100. It would decrease by 12 and 16 percent in the same period if the legal age was raised to 21 or 25 years old, according to the study conducted by the influential Institute of Medicine and a panel of experts.  &gt;U.S. smoking rates have dropped sharply from 42 percent of the population in 1964 to 18 percent today. Along with many other measures aimed at curbing smoking during that period, states have established minimum legal ages, mostly at 18 years old. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which sponsored the report, cannot increase the minimum age to buy tobacco in the country from 18, but states and local authorities can do so.   This is sound policy and saves money long term.  You know, fiscal conservation.  EDIT: that's it reddit.  Downvote people adding information to the conversation.
I added it to the right thread.  This is a good law.
barbehque?  You seem like a one man/woman army?
"I make shit up because anything else would require actual work!"  -- ToatsMcGoats9
&gt;why did transportation industries bother?   I don't understand this.    These figures are individuals and PACS lumped together.  So maybe the individuals in transportation have a LOT less money than the very wealthy (by comparison) individuals in the finance industry?  I think your framing of the question just seems odd.  If you hover over transportation in the graph it pops up with 187,000(ish) from individuals and the rest from a PAC.  So my guess if transportation just has less cash in it than other ones.  As for the 'why bother' part, Why wouldn't they want to give if they like her and want her to win.  200,000 isn't chump change.  It all adds up.  Maybe I'm missing your point.
Be careful, those streets get a lot of folks looking to pray on tourists and whatnot.
Oh I'm not one to poopoo a good smear but I'm saying some attacks are weak as fuck as these are, especially when you have better stuff.  Like for instance, the dog thing with Romney was weak.  The painting him as an unscrupulous hedge fund, vulture capitalist was a fucking brilliant attack.    That's all.  Have a great night!
What? Can't just have a nice conversation and have to turn it into a pissing contest.  No wonder your post is dead in the new queue.
&gt; He can do a lot of the dirty work that Sanders refuses to do.  Why wouldn't he do it himself?  Why does he need a lackey to do it?
AND JUST LIKE THAT I AM WRONG!  HIT WITH RISP!!!! 3-0
Need to pile those runs on big time.  Michigan is famous for their comebacks.
A sitting lame duck president to one that we've allowed their actions to spelunk down the memory hole?  No contest!
Getting and runs with RISP is a huge get for this team lastly.
where in the living hell do you get this info? hahahahah!
He'd beat out Jesus Christ for Son of God by 10 points!
How exactly would you go about doing that? Specifically.
So the university is 'liberals'?  Just more anti-PC hysteria which is much more visible and concrete than any of the fever dream PC people or organizations.  I've been watching the anti-PC movement grow since the late 70s and to see it finally reach a fevered pitch is actually quite hilarious.  Is there overreach on the PC front?  Sure.  Is there a lot of people with agendas using the anti-PC hysteria for their own ends.  Oh yeah.  See FOX News or reddit itself for the kind of screeching and whiny anti-PC nonsense that shows the movement has reached it's 'jump the shark' moment.
I would love to see it reduced to like six months...along with getting private money out of the entire process.  We can make whatever rules we want for our elections and getting the side show quality and insane barriers to entry with the money aspect would be my dream come true.
&gt; Sure looks like that education helped Obama understand the constitution....  When you have no argument, point at something else and make an unrelated point.
So it's fine until they go over it.  I don't like either but saying their unconstitutional is 100% personal opinion as you nor I are the arbiters of what is or isn't constitutional.  Right.  Yet you said:  &gt;The Freedom Act is a direct violation of our 4th amendment to privacy
Happens a lot more than people think.  Never ever fuck with the people handling your food.
Probably to cover up their own inner self loathing by lashing out at strangers in a mocking comment.
Registering is creating the situation where you are able to exercise your right or privilege to vote.  The government should bend over backwards and make the entire process easy and foolproof so that we can exercise that vote.    We should also be able to vote online.  Silly really.
No.  He's a starve the beast, kill the unions, trickle down corporate hand out Koch sycophant member of the GOP.  He's pretty much the devil.  Plus he's got that beady eye thing going. Reddit hates weird looking people.
&gt; The problem with online is that it can be rigged through hacking.   The real world process can be hacked just as bad.
