Yup. I see a lot of disdain for Bran and Jon's stories but they're up there in my favorites.
I figured the wall was already there, and it was meant to keep people from the sea out. I could be wrong, but that's what I figured. There wasn't much room from coast-to-wall, so it would be pretty useless otherwise.
You're confusing 'uncivilized' with 'evil'.
Dumb dags are the best dags.
Exactly. There's lots of in-book evidence he is an old creature. Never once considered this theory.
This game is definitely less toxic than league. In part due to the lack of lobby chat, part due to not being stuck in lane.
Nope. Gargantuan AI is terrible. I use mine mostly for camps and pushing it seems.
I can't imagine how rabid a turbonerd a person has to be to repost something just to bitch about it. Yeesh.
I disagree. Comedies start slow in general, but everything else, drama especially, should start on high notes. Breaking Bad, Dexter, BSG, SG1 etc etc so many great ep1 shows out there.
Youve been drinking extremely shitty sangria..
I'd go phlog pyro and eat the delicious heavies.
The thing that worries me is not when he'll finish TWOW, but when he'll finish the series. 6 years for this book, how long is it going to take him to finish the last book? Tie up all the loose strings and make everything come together?
It was great, that's for sure. It was a perfect adaptation. Not sure I'd say it was better, since it's so so close though.
He was terrible in it.
He has control of it all... he could simply say piss off to everyone and not finish it. Nothing anyone can do about it.
But besides other pyros who gets so close? Whenever I play Phlog against a competent heavy/demo/soldier/sniper I just get crushed usually. All they have to do is backpeddle and shoot and I cant touch them. I do admit on some maps the flank potential makes it pretty stupid, however.  Honestly I dont even feel the phlog is to blame, but scorch shot is incredibly OP. You can light up an entire team so easy, completely nullify their snipers, and get phlog charged so quick. I think Phlog needs to nerf how much burn damage from secondaries charges it. Maybe 50% flame-damage charge from secondary burn.
Minerals are definitely beneficial taste wise. Also well water is usually hard, but all over the place based on your water shed. You might have extremely high bicarbonate content and need to cut with RO.
Love seeing all the trucks. Stereotyping, sure, but I always feel they're the worst offenders. HURR DURR MA 4WD MEANS 4WHEEL STOP
If only he had one of those fancy windows machines instead of only writing on a DOS desktop =\
Exactly. I'm rich enough already.
And if it looks to be under $500 in damage the cops give you a bunch of sass about calling them. Whatever, not getting screwed by insurance.
Spring rolls will cure all of your woes.
It was the flip-flopping. When she's in the Eyrie and covers for Baelish she starts being a player. When she dies her hair black and comes down as a total bombshell it was exciting. Then she goes back to pitiful damsel in distress immediately afterwards. Either have her start being a player or have her continue to get crushed by the Lannisters/Boltons.
I love the last two, but only because I started reading right after S1, so I wasn't waiting 6 years for not much to advance. They definitely are bloated, but the depth is amazing. Goldenhand's chapters are some of the best in the series.
They sure love sitting like that! Love that color pattern.
I love the last weapon key. It's so easy to hit Q instead of 1-2-3-4.
Knowing what is to happen definitely alters your experience. Like how in good dramas today even the main characters aren't safe. Having your characters get into sticky situations just isn't suspenseful anymore if everyone knows they're going to be fine.
Wow, sorry to hear you've been on the receiving end of it. Nothing good ever comes from turbonerd vigilantism.
Stargate SG-1 for me. The first few seasons are just absolutely insane.  Love their take on mythology and villains. It's unique and really good. It drops off towards the end unfortunately.  Battlestar Galactica is still fresh in my mind as probably the worst ending to a show I've seen apart from Dexter. I loved it at first too, but that last season killed it for me.  Star Trek (only one I've watched entirely is TNG) is great, but the episodic nature gets old to me.
Yup, season 2 was very good to me as well. It seems most people on Reddit just don't like TWD unless they're blasting zombies nonstop every episode. I don't get it. Season 3 and 4 pre-terminus were the worst for me. The drew The Governor plot out way, way too long. If they had condensed those two seasons into one it'd have been great and a successful villain. Everything after Terminus was absolutely killing it in my opinion. Loved it. Then the last half of this past season (Glenn shenanigans) has me not even wanting to watch anymore. No idea why they would ruin all of the momentum they had with that garbage.
Tonnes of fantastic breweries here. Take your pick. Cascade, Commons, Breakside, Deschutes, HUB, so many.  Brunch I'm not too versed on. Genies is fantastic. If youre wanting something spendy there's a place called Salty's that does a seafood and typical breakfast food buffet. I think it's $50ish a pop, but man  o man eating your weight in lox, crab, crepe, biscuits etc is worth.
Id rather just wait.
A different better, not necessarily a worse one.
Wow. I hope that power line is ready to face federal charges!
When I'm king a daily allowance of tots will be given to all of my loyal subjects.
Dont worry, after Glenn it's apparently they won't kill off any major character at all.
I always find it odd/tacky to do it infront of other people, so I vote to go somewhere scenic. Whether it's an easy hike out in The Gorge, or maybe a nice picnic somewhere?
Yeah yeah, but what's the cultural impact? =\
I think post Gov up to the first quarter of this season is amazing. I vote yes.
I think a miniseries is probably the best story-telling tv/movie platform. Just long enough to cover and flesh out everything necessary, not too long that you need to fluff. I understand from a money-making perspective it's more profitable to go with multiple seasons due to building followings and maintaining viewers and everything, but with the massive GOT success it'd be sweet if they could just pump out various ASOIAF world stories after the main series is over. GOT Rebellion. GOT Long Night. GOT Summerhall. GOT Valyria.  Of course it'd certainly be way too much of a good thing, but I could dig it.
Eh. Monster of the week shoes get old, there's no doubt about that, but it's also the meat and potatoes of X-Files. The overarching conspiracy theory eps are great, but not exactly enough to stand up on their own in my opinion. Some of the monster eps were the best of the bunch.
Depends entirely on how much you run the heater and how insulated your place is. Thats not too high of a bill if you run the heat a lot.
Looks like it's code that a smoke alarm has to be located within 20ft from a kitchen. Normally they're right outside (so regular cooking smoke doesnt set them off). I'm betting it simply works off of a continuous decibels, so the 'unique' beeps (all are the same in my exp) is a bit of a non-issue.  I agree though that in many places the depth issue is real. I for sure couldn't fit it behind my stove.
If you have decent credit interest rates are laughably low, it's stupid NOT to finance.
You can get 4% ranges pretty easily if you don't have bad credit - not even requiring great credit. Better to finance the car and pump down that 6% rates.
You are incredibly defensive for no reason. What is your deal? I don't even get what you are debating at this point. Are you saying it's not a fire hazard to have a toaster that can ignite? In addition to you thinking a shower can setoff a fire alarm?
Are you saying it's not? OP has literally gotten tens of internet points! What's next, The White House?!
You wouldnt notice a pool, it is a gas at room temp and pressure I believe.  Sounds like a compressor issue. I'd take a look and see if the tubing gets cold at all and what not.
Well I'll be the dissenting voice -- gloves and squeezing is way too messy and hard. Get a ratcheting pulley. Boom, done.  http://i.imgur.com/Qr03Gwm.jpg?1
It's not gay if you use a glove.
