To me it felt clear Weir didn't put a lot of thought into his structure and literary choices, and that's why I didn't like the book. It was laziness or lack of experience that shaped the story and not deliberate thought.
I'm sure your mom was helping him and keeping him alive/not paralyzed, but please edit out the bit about the motorcyclist swallowing his tongue.  Swallowing your tongue is something that can't physically happen. The belief that it can causes lots of lost fingers or broken teeth or actual choking when people shove something in an unconscious/seizing person's mouth to prevent them from "swallowing their tongue".  Thanks!
Yes, but you don't fix that by putting an object into a person's mouth, as is commonly assumed. The phrase implies a wrong course.of action. Just say the man's airway was obstructed instead. These things make a difference.
That doesn't make much sense though. Aging is mostly just slow minor damage that doesn't get repaired. How come the organs, including skin, get repairs but not other things?  Also, if you keep regressing until age 2 then things have to get repaired at some point. Like, your bones shrink and then regrow, so that should repair them, right?
That's not bare hands. Thats shitty hands.
I feel like this is a decision every Norwegian child has to make in their life.
They could be supportive of Trump in office because they think it will lead to the reduction of executive powers.
Shame you have the worst of both options though.
I mean, those people were right. It took a fucking war to abolish slavery, and that happened because the South merely thought Lincoln was going to try to abolish it.
Do you really think no one is trying? There are political groups and people in DC trying every day to establish single payer. Their progress, or lack of it, is how leading healthcare policy experts know that it's impossible.
I agree. It would be better to ask why the other 98 non-NJ senators voted against the amendment. Let congressmen protect the big industries and by extension their constituents in their state. Focus on convincing the other congressmen from other states.
&gt; People were up in arms during the Bush administration over the invasion of Iraq, but then completely went to sleep during the Obama years because of his party affiliation and slick PR, despite Obama getting involved in conflicts in even more countries than Bush did.  The difference is that Bush started the conflicts whereas Obama got involved in conflicts that sprung up or that he inherited while he happened to be in office. And dropping bombs is less likely to create dissent than sending American troops to invade a country.   As a disclaimer, I know you can argue that Obama started the military action in some countries, like Yemen, but I'll refer you to my second sentence.
I think the ACA and PP examples were a response to the question asked about policies, not an example of what makes Trump sexist. Couple different conversations happening ITT.
First off, the amount of bombs dropped is a ridiculous thing to bring up. Its not a measurement of anything except money spent. You can drop a hundred bombs and not kill a single person or you can send a convoy of soldiers down a highway and they're all blown up by IEDs.   Second, who started it is in fact a valid critique. If Bush had invaded Afghanistan in December, 2000, people would wonder wtf is wrong with him. But doing it after 9/11 makes sense and almost no one protested his actions. So, bin Laden started that.  Bush invading Iraq made less sense to Americans and that's why more people protested his invasion there. As the wars went on, more people protested because the exit plan became increasingly unlikely.   Then there were less protests against Obama because by that time the drawdown of troops in Iraq was underway. He increased troops on Afghanistan after it became clear that that war, the one most people supported, was not going well. Since he didn't start that war, only wanted to make sure that was a success, most Americans were fine with his plan.  So yes, geopolitical conflicts can sometimes be justified with seemingly childish arguments. But in the context of this discussion about why people didn't protest Obama's military actions as much as Bush's, they are valid arguments. Partly because people are childish.
I'm well aware of what Obama has done to other countries. I approve of the use of drones to kill citizens in other countries to further the interests of the USA. So no, nothing you said addresses what I said about the difference between the Bush and Obama uses of force and how that would impact the size and frequency of American citizens protesting against the different administrations use of force.
No, but I prefer living in a world where the country in power doesn't  (currently) kill political dissidents in their own country. That's a good baseline imo.
His followers are a minority of the population and they will never be convinced to stop being a follower. The goal for Democrats is to hype up the non-followers, and it's far easier to get traction with "Trump is a liar" than "Trump signed an executive order that may not impact you but here's what might happen if it does impact you." The worse thing for Trump's opposition is if they hype up one of his policies as something that will take away their healthcare or lose them their home... and then it never happens. That takes away their credibility. A lie  that can be 100% proven is always good to highlight.  Unless Trump gets an abortion or snuggles some immigrants across the border. That might lose him some followers, but no guarantee on that.
Assuming thats real, that plan may backfire. It's harder to pass laws when the public face of those laws isn't popular. Or even if Trump goes all WILD CARD BITCHES and increases funding for inner city programs because he bought some real estate there.
Truly, your username is accurate.
&gt; Not trying to be a conspiracy theorist  Well, you failed.
&gt; I say this because I see people on both sides pointing fingers at "the enemy" while they are guilty of the same. It's like a race to the bottom where no one even notices they are just as bad a steh ones they complain about.  Take a week and count how many times you see each side (of whatever topic you want) do it. It's rarely comparable. Don't mistake seeing one of each side doing it as proof that all sides do it just as much. As OP said, this is a verifiable fact that you can check yourself.
Nope. But it's also annoying that idiots like that provide a great strawman for Trump supporters who can pretend everyone who disagrees with them looks and acts like that.
&gt; I am just saying that for every pro Trump person being a jackass, I see three people who are anti Trump being the same.  This thread wasn't talking about people being assholes, it was about people who shut down conversations by just saying "lol all lies".
&gt; entirely the fault of people on the Left and Right alike offering no inspiring alternative.  Really? Like people weren't "inspired" with someone who was either the status quo or ran on changing the status quo so they had to default to the guy who spouted authoritarian nationalist leanings? You don't that think maybe it was the authoritarian nationalist leanings being spouted that inspired people? And that that's the thing people are concerned about?
A better economy in general is always good. But I guess realistically as an average middle class person you'd have a higher quality of life in a socialist democracy in Europe. They also have faster internet.   At least you get...football? Peanut butter? BBQ?
America already has an effective screening process and monitors refuge immigrants on a constant basis. No terror attacks in the US have been commited by refuges except for 3 Cubans in the 70s.  America doesn't open itself up to anything except helping some refuges.
No one knows what you want in a candidate. They both had websites to highlight their positive qualities and they both had opposition highlighting their negative qualities. That should be enough to make a more informed decision than half of the people who actually voted.
It didn't help Obama. He got blamed for not closing Gitmo, not getting a single payer option in ACA, and other stuff he tried to do. People look at results and end up considering it weak that you "tried" to do something but failed.   Or maybe it's a double standard for Republicans. Or maybe Trump is just stupid and didn't consider the constitutionality of all the EOs he's signed so far.
&gt; including when the person is a religious minority in his country of nationality facing religious persecution,   This is the important part of the section you quoted. It's to open the door for allowing Christians into the country, and only Christians. It's an outright ban for anyone who might be a Muslim.
I'd give the benefit of the doubt on what this language would be used for if the administration hadn't publicly stated they wanted a Muslim ban, but that they are giving Christians priority for entering the country.  You're right that other possibilities exist. But I can't honestly believe that they're focusing on Hindu or agnostic persecuted groups in Syria.
Technically, if all of Trump's voters were never forgiven and looked down on for the rest of their lives there's still enough non-Trump voters to elect people who can keep the country from falling apart. Obviously it's better to have their support, but they're not needed.
&gt; I'm saying we're having difficulty doing this part when done in such large numbers from dissimilar enough cultures.  Then what's a good number? Why is 110k too large but 50k isn't?   And why have black people been here a few hundred years but still have a semi-separate culture? And what's up with Chinatown?   Maybe the response should be a better way of dealing with logistical issues, not so being xenophobic and insular that we create more problems than we solve.
No one's judging you for thinking two family members going at it is hot.
It's easy to get stuff done when you apply 0 thought to what you're doing.
There a choices other than be nearing near terrorists and being near the US.
When they're infected with the rage virus and about to eat your brains.  As a serious answer, collateral damage is a real, morally ambiguous question. It would be better to not have any children die ever, but that's not realistic. We killed millions of children in WW2 to try and stop the war, but few people would say we shouldn't have been so destructive and that it would have been fine to let the war go on longer.  So scaling that example down, how many children are okay to kill in pursuit of what goal? Would it have been okay to kill one of OBLs kids when we raided his home? A random kid? Two of them?   We know drone strikes have been called off because the target was located next to a school  (probably on purpose). We know drone strikes have happened when the military had good intelligence stating there were no civilians in the area, but the intel was wrong. Should there be no drone strikes? What if that leads to American or European children dying? Is that morally better because Western hands didn't commit the killing? Many libertarians have come to this conclusion because the risk from failing to act is so much smaller than the known consequences of committing drone strikes and that there are other counter- terrorism options.  I know you've probably considered these questions, but not all spectators in the thread might have.
&gt; They can't handle the fact that keeping America safe will not always be pretty and ideal.  I think this is key for highlighting the different thought processes. For much of the left, safety is not the utmost priority. It's far more important to protect democratic ideals, American ideals, and other such things that make America great and functional for the long term. And sometimes *that* is messy and not perfectly safe.  A panic room is the safest possible room, but it's not very free, or pleasant, to live in.
On the other hand, people thought the Tea Party was cannibalizing the Republican Party because they, too, demanded unrealistic purity. It seemed to help them win elections though. And fucked America, but winning is all that matters...right?
Dude. Trump said he wanted to ban Muslims. This ban Muslims. It's a Muslim ban. Why argue against calling it a Muslim ban when Trump said it would be, his supporters approved of banning Muslims, and then he did what he said he'd do?
He sounds like a great father too, not just a great man. Good thing he's not a Jewish mother though. Imagine the guilt he could put you through!
&gt; increased radicalization of the Republican party over the past eight years  So, it's only been the past 2 years huh? You're seriously inflating the impact youth internet culture had on this election. Radio and TV talk show hosts have had far, far more impact. Much of the Internet language you cite comes from Limbaugh and Beck, not the other way around.
I'm not 100% sure on this, but I don't think Obama had a real cake either. It makes sense that inaugural cakes are all fake for logistical purposes.
Oh wow. But he used Swiss buttercream? What's wrong with good ol American buttercream? We all know about those Europeans. Obama is a traitor.
I think it's reasonable for people to look ahead to the future and see that the path is leading off the cliff and fight kicking and screaming *now* rather than when the cliff is about to come.  Of course, if they're wrong they look like idiots, but people are willing to take that risk.
&gt; Rioting and preventing speech  That's violence, not political correctness. So yeah, using violence to prevent speech is a threat to speech.
No, they riot because they don't want someone speaking at a certain place. They have issues with their speech and use violence to stop it. The probem js violence, not political correctness. What you're doing is blaming money because the consequence of money is that criminals rob people to get their money.
They do. Crazy happens to all genders. It has nothing to do with what gender roles society tries to create. It's an individual mental and biological problem that's making them be a stalker.
If you don't care what they think why did you delete them?
That's quite the leap of generalization when all he said was not wanting to spend time filling out a form for every government service.
Thankfully, you'd be a bad terrorist. There's a reason why they don't attack places with security. They don't have very elaborate strategies of attack.
