Fuck that, once they started to hit the waiting lines... game over.
The nighttime one should drop off a downvote before receiving upvote
Duck had priorities.
He's got to be my favorite. Shows what an Italian was capable of even if they got rekt in the overall war. Its hard to find good information of any forces not German, US, Brit, or Russian (western campaign). I love finding out about the other players. The eastern Manchurian campaign for Russia is also really interesting to look into.
Something something plans are useless but planning is invaluable - Patton
The m16 is the same price as the m60 which is ridiculous. An AK is only about 25 cents a shot. An m60 should be around $1 a bullet. M16 should be ~~15 to 20 cents.~~ 30-35 cents
Bring a PD to a cannon fight. Throw the crackle bomb to stun the rifleman and cannon match lighter and you only have to deal with 1 blademan while you focus down the cannon.  Plague doctor is amazing. It can stun 2 targets in a fight.
Blur did my favorite trailer of all time with Rise of Legends.
Americans shot prisoners of war and raped german civilians but that was missing from the first CoH.   That happened. I have a feeling someone would just downvote and keep their double standard but that fucking happened.
It wasn't intentional. But I like to imagine it was and that was some Gundam Wing level piloting.
That happens when someone invades your country and deems you subhuman.   9 million lives sacrificed for an ungrateful world. And yet you miss the point completely. Its company of heroes buddy. Not company of criminals.
Yet if they weren't there and didn't throw those soldiers into the fray you'd either be speaking German or Europe would just be Britain and Germany. But thank you for proving the point of this conversation. The west doesn't give a shit about Russia and never has despite relying on them to do 80% of the heavy lifting.
Gen 10s are fools who failed to see the superiority of the watermelon tag.  Gen 9 for life bitches.
I'm more for understanding the parties involved and giving credit where credit is due rather. In respects to depicting a side in a game using the term heroes loosely they didn't do a very good job.
I think it was a sarcastic crass remark parroting the one made in that top comment summarizing silvermans work and efforts while being denied funding.
Yeah, for being as intent as you are at being correct, you can see what he said right there. And he didn't say what you said he did.
Poo should be surrounded by his fangirls.
Really the biggest difference is consistency. Coh2 has random number generator mechanics. Shots can miss or bounce. Coh1 is much more consistent in damage. Take from that what you will.
He really should go to inXile
I liked him in guardians of the galaxy. I like jurassic park. But im not sold on this "im the alpha, raptors are my bitch" character.
"There's some kids starving in Africa!"  Oh yeah so let me be a gluttonous fat ass and eat more than I need.
All I want is a very simple combo system. The sword and gunplay was pretty sweet, but the sword play was missing just a little bit of magic to tie it all together.  Like instead of just slash slash slash being your option, they should tie in some animations for slash slash blow the shit out of them with your magic.
If they did a week of having the physics back to where you could ride vehicles I would be back so fast.   I get it, 9 MAXs on a scythe is stupid. But your playerbase would explode.   Plus the trailer of hopping on air vehicles would be possible rather than impossible as it is now. I always hated that trailer.
One reason would be a lot of people never gave it a chance. A second reason was it was limited to Origin for PC. Not being on Steam is pretty much a death sentence for a game, with a few exceptions.   Third, that map pack split really did ding the player base. Releasing maps for free later helped, but it was kinda too little too late.  And really, the smart pistol drama didn't help the game sell. I and many others had/have no problem with it, but it does limit your appeal to those who find such weapons distasteful.
One way would to designate or vote for a leader. OWS went on for far too long with people saying "oh we dont have a leader!".   And that's why you accomplished jack shit.
So elegant to fill rubber skins with a finite limited resource to kill whales. So elegant.
If being rich and enjoying the spotlight is ruling people have done it longer than her.  Comparing a figurehead to an actual ruler is a bit disingenuous.
You didn't read the article. There was 1 hot air balloon. The rest were helium balloons.
Read the fucking article
Wouldnt mind a grunt with a jetpack or something. Just not full on AI pilots.
The dragon in the books didn't give a shit about Dany, only cares about the blood and carnage, and Dany used a fucking whip to beat him into submission before he burned her alive.  Book Dany is best Dany. Not this meek little doll who hesitantly climbs her little child when its being actively attacked by thrown spears. Get a fucking move on girl so we can see a poorly CGI'd flight scene.
Its not impossible. OP didnt read his own link. Sometimes the lake is gone entirely. You do not need to measure its depth as you can just wait till its empty. That, and when its full of water the depth changes. Its a stupid scenario to even be deconstructing.  This TIL is dumb.
Drug problem? Eh. No biggie. But the rumor I heard was shes got warts.
If by deficient you mean retarded, which we all know you do, you can't change that. But you can change the asshole. You seem to have worded that that the oblivious guy can be changed while the asshole makes his choice. We saw Kelso grow up. And he was still retarded. Hyde meanwhile turned into a pretty decent guy.
Well at least there's a vague internet history of this logged. I mean if you were down for such a scenario with a willing partner I would be excepting notarized letters of consent or some shit in todays age.
Chinese tourists give notoriously few fucks
Seeing as hows its never really been done I want a game that does future tech right.  The game where everyone and everything is overpowered.   The stupidest thing to me is playing some future shooter like doom 3 and having 30-50 bullets only in a magazine.
Because besides facial hair and hairstyle unless you get into a horrific accident you don't look that different from 5 year time changes.  "It's almost like its the same person!".
Good find. I didn't think about it till your post but makes sense.
Except they really don't. Besides being taller.   Theon looks like Reek already.
He owed him one courtesy. And he delivered.
Live by the ego die by the ego. When keeping it real goes completely as expected.
It's simple. We must kill the Deerman.
I wish I could strap a hunter killer missile to the side of it or something. It's a perfectly good chassis being under utilized.
[Some of these lines can get intense](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5lqyYLb0m0)  Despite the bad accent. Some of the ones that stuck out  to me was "new guys stay on my ass" and "I think we'll win eventually yes, I just don't think any of us will live to see it"  - German soldier
There really is something special about 316 but were already max popped 24/7
1 then 2. The series used to have true sequels and tightly controlled lore. That didn't happen with 3. 1 ties into 2. 3 has nothing to do with anything and is full of shoehorned elements.
It should have higher base stats all around. Its just randomly assigned.
Just the issue of tangible bullshit rewards for a preorder that walks the same line as pay to win.
EA is more like Stalin. Decimating its own forces and taking massive losses but can still claim to be winning.
