A step in the right direction. I applaud you UK
&gt;same price  Thats fucked
Yeah, cut's fucked. We get stooged on everything here
Exactly my thoughts
Go and tell that to our wanker of Prime Minister, Tony Abott
Not sure what you are smoking mate, but it's time to change dealers.
Not to mention curved bananas are much easier for rectum insertion
Does this seriously surprise anyone?
As long as they turn a profit, right guys? Cnuts!
TIL Michael Bay is a beta neck beard
How does one remain sane after that long?
I think you should have asked that question prior to placing the order...
&gt; It's the culture's faul  That will not be sustainable going forward... So excuse me, but I wont give 2 fucks if this country burns itself
&gt;  You know who they never blame? Themselves  No one ever does mate.... It's always someone else's fault.
And so the cycle of hatred repeats itself for yet another generation :(
&gt; how do you return them  I've been saying this for years (and will probably be downvoted for saying it again), however all you have to do is sink a single one, and I guarantee you, you'll be free for the next few decades... But people see that point as too Nazi/xenophobic/inhumane like, and would rather suffer such unnecessary pain, than be called a racist.  Re: controlling Migration, last time I checked, the Chinese had a successful way of doing it.
&gt; There is a huge amount of people with foreign background who reject and despise western values  Here Here!
What happens when the poor get sick of being poor, and come for the rich people's riches?
It will be interesting to see if this bridge passes the safety standards, say 5 years down the track.  I wouldnt be so quick to jump the gun on robots taking over construction. One disaster, and the bots will be turned to recycled cans.
Hope this doesn't end in another civil war
1. Yes. Beer = carbs and empty calories. Unless bulking, I'd suggest stay away.  2. Aside from getting sick, you army exactly giving your body the right nutrients to make the repairs necessary
I want my 15 seconds of life back from reading this pointless question...
Don't be so sure mate.  Foxtel and the newspapers are in bed with our politicians; Even when the corpses are rotting
Even if there were, this is inadvisable, as everything can be traced back to you
If they did that, say goodbye to international businesses in Straya
I love seeing fat feminist cunts like this getting cut down
Definitely Copy pasta
You must be Canadian eh?
Funds, yes. Infrastructure, no.  iinet got brought to it's knees when they started offering free quota to Netflix... Lost a customer as a result.
A tenner says the buyer will be Chinese
You must be young if you can't remember that :)
Meanwhile the rest of the world is spending more and more on renewables.... GG Straya
That was cringe worthy
Don't you mean house mate?  Room mate shares a room. House mate shares a house
No thanks. We have enough bigots
Yeah that'll be the day... The Greeks are too proud to accept Turkish help
Prices will eventually even out after everyone else ramps up production.
No one wants a war in an already unstable region of the world
Investors tend to have the sheep mentality - Once someone screams wolf everyone starts running for the higher ground.  Nevertheless, it will be interesting to see how this turns out for the rest of the year.
Dont worry mate, its always the minority who ruin things for the majority.
No one made you do anything
Comparing Hookers, Blow, Alcohol, Smoking, Gambling, et al to a Religious place of worship... good one mate!
Hell of a way to start a new year eh lads?&gt;
Sometimes stereotypes happen.
I'm not gonna down cote, but how does this exactly help the terrorists, when they used plain SMS during Paris attacks??  Clearly you don't work in technology do you?
When you're depressed all rational chain of thought goes out the window
The transport costs in the end will not be worth it. I do applaud your nobility however
Wow, that was a relief... when I saw Allies, I immediately thought WWII Allies and countries...
Christ, can you just take a moment and imagine the frustration you'd be going thru?
Where the fuck is labour on all this???  They should be jumping on this like creative arts students to dole pay!
