Aye, it's got to start somewhere and the first smartphones were pretty terrible, it took Android a long time (KitKat) before it was as great an experience as iOS and has leapfrogged it in terms of reliability in Lolipop and probably Macaroni too...**IMO**
Definately function over form. Not my idea of gore either just very basic and practical..at least until it gets knocked over and its guts start pouring out.
Nope to two and three, sport is about the people not the politicians, it's one of the few ways we get to sidestep away from political (and religious) differences and just enjoy something competitively together.  Politicians and heads of state should be banned from attending major sporting events in an official capacity imo.
Not sure I'd class cosplay as real life.
perfect
England win 10-9 here we come!
It's the ejaculation part that matters.
The photo of Syd, fat with no hair and eyebrows gets me everytime.
You wouldn't vape a breast.
Chris Morris would be proud of that headline.
Probably why you're better off doing it...man things you know ;).
Ask mom.
Can't stop something happening, make it legal!
Yeah, don't count the non-dying people.
If he has cancer then their work is done.
Since nobody has replied I'll guess at blood poisoning since skin is porous . That's not to say more gang members shouldn't try this though.
Should have called it the hyperbole...Faaaaasstech!
Fuck the IOC, time for another investigation.
Good work.
ironic huh.
You'd be wasting much more by not having it at all.
Oh jesus. Well, it is for the yoof I guess.
minimalist would be three black dots on a white background
Nobody else I sub to does anything like them (Don't stop Ashens!).
Given the right sensors (penetrating radar/ir) computers do a much better job monitoring traction and stability than any human driver. They can't be distracted, become impatient, take risks or panic.
&gt; keep racists and prejudice to a minimum.  Really?
Depends on branding. I personally don't mind drinking tap water. It tastes fine to me.
No, not really, there's no motivation great enough for the US and Russia to sling nukes at each other and commit suicide.
You missed 'maybe' off the title. They only state that they're testing for compatibility, it might not pass and if it does that's just the first hurdle.
Obama on Cameron: "what a lightweight!".
They need lightening with lightning.
With what motivation, to keep the hospitals full ? It's not like they make a profit on people being sick...
Yeah, it's usually applied to food if that wasn't explained. Anything coated in MSG is moreish to me...and Twiglets.
No, it's clean and uncluttered, a bit like linux without the continual googling to fix problems.
I do wonder if prebuilt boxes could be targetted using the DMCA section on facilitating piracy, the same reason Amazon gave for booting Kodi off their app store.
Simple, safe and cheap + Google.
Cut the handles, if they go into landfill wildlife can get caught in them and throttled.
Ugh, look at it...all spread out with its guts on the table. NSFL.
It's almost predictable how often these things happen. America really needs to do something but I'm right out of suggestions /s
Well that's a given.
14 and up should be able to vote in referendums with such long term and far reaching implications such as this.
But they can drink and drive under certain circumstances and it's a really shite parallel to making a decision that definitely will affect their future, drinking and driving can wait, voting isn't something they have that luxury with.
Indonesian shoppers are very tall.
It's like a back to front Floyd song with the music deep in the background.
Your daily wage is equivalent to some people's monthly wage. Count yourself lucky you were born or moved to a country where you earn that.
The only time you'll be thanked for a left hook. I bet there's cases where the punchee tried to litigate though.
There is no way in hell those things are going to be referred to as 'glowing swords'.
If we could make a pump that could be powered by the sinoatrial node or pacemaker we'd be sorted, no more immune/rejection responses and mass producable. In the short term, let's hope for one of those battery miracles to appear out of the vapour.
I guess the Euros will be the number one target.
Make sure he knows that having a panic attack doesn't change the way you see or feel about him and he's no less a man than a man having a bad back or headache. It's just a symptom of a chemical imbalance and not an indicator of masculinity.
