I should've went with Sapphire of XFX instead of msi. Considering they had way more stock. MSI sold out after ten minutes.
That's animal abuse
If Lebron didn't get punished for kicking Iggys nuts then why shouldn't Zaza?
It's great for your value and being fast food, no one can deny that
Just a reminder lebron has never won a ring without a superteam
Just like your argument of "73-9 means nothing without a ring" then why does it all of a sudden mean something now?
Wtf I never implied that, the only thing I implied was that lebron couldn't win without superstars and Hall of famers
They were up 3-1 but the injuries and suspension completely plagued them. You can't even deny it. Bogut was out the series, Curry was playing on a sprained MCL, Iggy was barely running on his tweaked hamstring, and then there's Harrison Barnes.. playing like he's injured but just shit
Even your own fans agreed game 4 was rigged
I wish I could block you
Why would someone trade a better laptop for a worse one with a dent..
You aren't gonna find 2 1070's for 330. Lmao
Why do I get downvoted just cause of misleading text..
Honestly a 980 Ti is cheap and only performs 5% worse than a 1070. Good luck!
Could be a bad PCI lane on your motherboard. Try a new PCI express slot.  Edit: Could also be a DOA GPU
Then it's definitely a bad card. Even if drivers weren't installed you'd still get a display of some sort.
I'd invest in less ram and a spend a little more for a 1060. 1050 Ti won't get you the highest settings at 1080p 60 fps. 1060 would be a great option.
Some games are just terribly optimized and that's why both CPU and GPU  usage aren't high.
Thanks, VRAM is way more important than real ram
Yes always up to date
You're not going to find that for that price.. just letting you know so you don't waste your time. Go for a 980 Ti instead. Cheaper and performs better
Anything but a mini. Best brands are ASUS and MSI
I can bet.. 430$ for a 4 GB model at least let it be 8
I wouldn't go with the founders edition. Reason being the blower style card. Temps will get hotter and fans will get louder as you play games
Well when Vsync is on, it's like a lag spike.
Yea keyword. Might be. Can I guarantee that's the issue? No but right now the card is garbage so your last resort is to put it in the oven hoping that static shock wasn't the issue. Why don't you try offering him some solutions?
Nope high. Sometimes normal.
Yea I think he's already thought of that
That's what confused me. So I do need to purchase a parking permit?
Agreed with big black cock. If that's your lowest budget then I'd consider opting for a cheaper case and spending 50$ for a 1 TB HDD just for games
Needs more RGB's
Prebuilt ones off eBay are usually pretty good. If you were to just buy parts then it would come out more expensive.
Congrats! You just picked a system that Pixar would use to create a movie
Here's the thing. In gaming, there's no such thing as future proofing. New hardware comes out like hot cakes and modern hardware drops in price. A year from now a 1080 Ti will go for 290$ max. You can't future proof because of the mass changing market. Especially when it comes to 4K
I'd do a fresh install maybe a bad install.
That's one terrible processor. Lmao. That'll bottleneck any graphics card you put in there. It was decent 6 years ago but now a days it won't run anything. Take others suggestions
980 Ti's have been going for a lot less believe it or not. Unless you're talking new
Why the fuck do you have an i3 with a 1080   That's like Tom Brady dating Amy Shumer
Nvidia and AMD have gone completely bankrupt due to the success of the PS4 Pro. As a result they are no longer manufacturing video cards and they're becoming scarce. Quite terrible for the Pc market as pc gaming May die off soon..
If I could build a PC at age 11 you can too
No ones going to sell you s 1070 for 275$
Who in bloody hell would downgrade for that
Going from 8 GB to 6 GB and RX 480 performs better in every DirectX 12 Game
I'm seriouds you need to stop
Yes but no one ever says “I fucking hate this team”
Yes but it was the 1-14 and 0-15 Browns he faced. Our roster is more than capable of beating them without Brown and Bell and Ben
Yes because of the team’s success and it was a new stadium, but prices did lower. Significantly
No
Me too. I wonder what the second version may offer
I said “I don’t think policy kicks in till February”
