Rand Paul has to be the least progressive candidate in the running.
So Andrew luck if a bad qb?
It's only use to me seems to be extracting money from trades that were going to happen anyway.    What you're saying is you like the investment vehicles that you can use because of them?
Well your argument doesn't make the point you were attempting. It was the entirety of your post.
Why is that an exciting proposition? The worst thing about fallout 3 was the way it deviated from fallout not in the ways it was similar
I'm pretty sure it's going to be Olly killing Jon.
What 12 year isn't constantly masturbating and thinking of every girl he's ever met?
Yeah qyburn tons cercei that he will be the hand
I don't think he was saying sacks are all that matter. He's saying fairley never plays and when he does he's only rarely very good.
The only people who were free in this country up until very recently were rich white men.
Lower gravity would make pissing less forceful, though.
I don't think you know what ad hominem means...
There no evidence that the IED thing is on the up and up and ton against it.  And yes, dead IDF agents are better than deaf children, although it's a false choice.  I take issue with the way you've characterized Vietnam, too.  They came home to shouts of "child killer" because of shit like mei lai
No, we don't really know how beric revives people or how Melisandre does her magic. Just that they believe it comes from the red god.  There's no evidence the gods actually exist only that people believe in them. Which is awesome to me.
Except men's bare chests were treated the same way decades into the 20th century. Men fought for the right to go topless and the scandalousness went away.  The same will happen with women.  There are places where showing an ankle is a sexualized behavior, but over here where most skin is normal - we don't have freakouts over exposed ankles.
No, I mean that communal living and helping each other are human nature and looking out for number 1 is a byproduct of a terrible system we've built.
Cowards do tons of impressive things
I know some people called it a busy, but that was largely agenda driven. Colbert is the standard other people doing the dinner are trying to live up to now.
The $20 plain T-shirt is also made with slave labor.
So you're all right with ballghazi?
They're knocking him because Calvin is on his team.. Dumb
But lightsabers are lightsabers.
Rookie caps end up costing a lot of borderline veterans their jobs.
Korrasami forever
I think you're underestimating the time since you've seen it.
I'm expecting it to be just like the smash bros dlc
Maybe you should go rewatch some xena before making stupid comparisons like that.
That would be adequate if they were sending the notice to the sites actually publishing the information rather than going after Google.
There's not a chance the US would support a law that says doctors should be able to demand search engines hide results that show newspaper articles about their malpractice suits.
Why would I support the American Vincent censoring French search results?
If you'd read the case that started this shit, you'd know you're full of shit.  This whole thing started because a doctor wanted links to news articles about malpractice suits against him not to show up when his name was searched...
If you'd read the case that started this shit, you'd know you're full of shit.  This whole thing started because a doctor wanted links to news articles about malpractice suits against him not to show up when his name was searched...
France would have to spend a ton of resources setting up a China style firewall.
No, Europeans just don't have any concept of free expression.   All sorts of speech is criminal over there.
So people don't have a right to know that their doctor might kill them?  I think they're doing it for two reasons.  Primarily, the law is ineffective - French people are just searching from other regions websites.  Secondly, they want money from Google.   I think it's interesting that French people who "value privacy" so much, are proving that they think they are entitled access to this kind of information just like Americans by their behavior (circumventing the .fr site to get access to data that's being removed)  France and the EU really only have one option of they want this kind of law to be effective. A great firewall China style.
They should, they don't actually need facilities in the EU to make money selling ads to people.  Then we can keep our open internet
It's really the only way for the NFL to continue to grow and profit. North America is a saturated market for the NFL, all they can do to make more money from us to try and  squeeze more from existing fans.
It would be USA gold with Canada Japan and Mexico fighting for silver and bronze
Except we know it's not true. Every rape victim who wants to see her attacker punished has to sit through defense attorneys slandering her and bringing up her sexual history and manner of dress as if it's somehow relevant.  Then there's cases like with Love Bryant and Ben Roethlessberger and the Steubenville thing.
&gt; only 46% percent get reported  Don't you think that supports the conclusion of rape culture existing?
&gt;inherent shame of being a victim of a sex crime  Why should the victim be the one shamed?
Bringing Phoenix is a good idea, I am going to copy you now.
Imagine how any other company would be treated of they created DLC that you could freely share with your friends. You're being ridiculous.
It's average priced DLC that unlocks in multiple games, isn't tied to your account or console and is an added bonus with popular figurines.  Again we're Microsoft, or Sony implementing cross title freely sharable DLC they'd be sainted by gamers.
He's changed since then, don't you think?
No, they aren't translating then at all, just writing Japanese sounds with English letters.  Sehkret? Ugh. Orthoros? They don't even go with Orthos.
And when they made that decision, it didn't have any games to play. So they bought it just so they could watch The Matrix
I prefer most of the rest of Pearl Jam's library to that song.  It's not bad just not my cup.  When it was released it felt to me like Pearl Jam was being pressured by the label to release something harder and less meaningful because that's where the market was going at the time with other empty harder sounding rock becoming popular Korn, limp bizkit, etc.    When I listen to Pearl Jam I want Eddie V to be emoting and make me feel something. Joy, loss, love, "do the evolution" just feels empty compared to the rest of the band's work. (For me)
&gt;Thoughts arrive like butterflies,  &gt;He don't know so he chases them away...  Look, criticizing Pearl Jam for intelligible lyrics is sometimes fair, but calling Pearl Jam a corporate rock band is so far from reality.
They're only meaningfully different if you think buying weed deserves to get someone killed... It doesn't any more than giving a friend a ride does, nor is it an attack on her character.
