because religion
I agree but there are some people who really know the truth but just refuse to accept it since it's not what they want to be true.  Most modern christians are this way since very few follow the bible to the point that a person who believes it to be the word of a god would.  Aaron Ra has a great quote something like this:  "The problem is not what people don't know it's what they WON'T know."
Everything really.  I don't want a person with the ability to order a world war thinking there is an afterlife.
I do.  It's a small sign of progress in this country.   Baby steps.
If you think about it we have seen forms of necromancy on both sides.  http://i.imgur.com/kMlIPqF.jpg
Insurance for remote controlled aircraft must be a terrible business even with a $150 deductible it seems like they would lose money.   In the US you can get AMA insurance with membership but it only covers damages to others not your craft.
Ill stick with "Never even think about entering a conservative islamic country for any reason."
That's what gets me about it.  He doesn't even know what help if any they will get from this sacrifice.
Wow living evidence of a transitional species.   How is evolution still not accepted by some people?
3rd gen is best gen.  Nice one!
It's been recreated scientifically and proven to be possible.  You just do not accept that because it goes against the conspiracy.  http://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/design/a3524/4278874/
It's because you are wrong about it sustaining no damage.  http://www.debunking911.com/pull.htm
Well if he was going for the 'burn victim' effect it's quite good.
..and working on the sabbath,  allowing women to speak in church,  murdering children for insulting elders,  forcing women to marry their rapists as long as he pays the father, etc..   A christian saying this is like enabling god mode for an atheist in a debate.  So much crazy to choose from.
I think Varys sent the necklace and maybe we will get the epilogue scene from a dance with dragons as the final scene.  "You were threatening to undo all of the queens good work"
After all he is known for his honesty with Dany..
&gt; Mance wasn't being burned for a magical spell to help the army  Why the hell not both?  Everything it set up perfect Mel is even there to light em up.    The only logic I can come up with is they were over confident at that point that they were going to crush the Boltons and didn't think it was needed.   Shoulda paid heed to the Starks repeated warning... Winter came
I see your point I but I think Mel was still considering it a sacrifice to her god.   They all should have why not?
Not to the person getting burned and to the red god(maybe).  But yeah I see your point and that is Stannis's logic probably.  The wildlings would not want to help if they just killed Mance as a sacrifice they needed a real reason.
I just realized Aemon also had kings blood they could have sacrificed him too since he was already dying instead of Shireen.   So much wasted kings blood.  I wonder if the red god will let them 'bank' favors or they have to be used immediately.
I know right.  The rest of the planet has never cared about race.  Oh those wacky 'muricans what will they do next.
Mad props for your design
Why not both? Stannis and Jon leading the army of the dead?   I would watch that.
I feel an increase in my bill coming.
And we think Stannis had a rough story arc.  Jesus went from being the creator of everything to barely being able to effect bread.
I think most of the time in Westeros noble parents don't consult with the kids and just tell them who they are to marry usually right before the marriage is supposed to take place.   Doran most likely wouldn't care what Trystane thinks about the plan.
True, true.. I just was trying to refrain from using the word 'drone'
Yay Rex!   Awesome job! Except now you will be bugged to death to do every single minor character from every Fallout game in existence.
They bring it up because it's a seriously cruel practice despite what race does it.   The exact opposite of this one.
Sand snakes only second to Olly in hate.  That should tell them something
The US flag is not unique in that respect.   Oh and this: http://i.imgur.com/xMeCt39.gif
Everyone lives till the end of their story
I wish this would happen to the 'food babe'
Well they are pretty much just normal goggles with a logo change and higher price tag.
&gt; The rest of Reddit is all procedurally generated nonsense.  That does explain quite a bit.
We wouldn't have evolved to the point where we could ask that question without it.   Society without morality falls apart quickly.  Also natural selection favors it in humans.
It's hard to remember the rules when you are in the "I fucked up and am going to die driving off a cliff" panic mode.
What a guy!
Seriously, we have everything in Washington.   Ocean to the west, mountains in the middle, desert in the east, and nuclear waste in the south.  What more could you want?
no action = cuffing the blacks
...and people wonder why you should be against GMO labeling.
It reminds people who are not in ISIS just how insane the people in ISIS are at least.   Definitely not worth the price of this woman's (or anyone's) life.
Instead let's blame America for a Canadian(Somali?) gang in Canada shooting up a club.
To these guys if you're not with them you are the enemy.   No neutrals allowed.
I have noticed this too but it seems more like a black thing rather than a female one.   I don't think I have seen any other race doing it on video or in person.
but he has a raging clue at least
He didn't believe in it hard enough for it to work.  Don't make the same mistake!
We probably wouldn't eat and breathe through the same hole for one.
Never take the headset off away from the access point!
Not really, people just group them that way to add superstition or religion to the reality of death.  There really are no patterns.  People just die and some of them happen to be celebrities around the same age.
