Hazard had an okay game today but i don't know why he is captain. I think jan (i might be biased) really should be the captain when kompany isn't there. Hazard isn't a leader in the same way that a captain is imo. Wilmots certainly makes some odd decisions
As an outsider this for me is possibly the most intriguing group stage match. Wales have a few quality players and they play to a system which compliments their strengths well; whereas england are probably playing below their best at the moment. I think Bale plus the aforementioned factors make this pretty close to a 50-50. Should be a cracker!
Geez modric is a graceful player
These commentators continuously calling the republic of Ireland "the republic"... Just use Ireland for God's sake, this isn't star wars
Fuck our bowlers are shit
You've fucked us m8
Would definitely crack one through the covers for roz
Dave huss loves it squirted into his mouth
It's going to piss down
Binga doesn't give a fuck
We copped less rain in winter
This is rubbish batting. Fucken hell
Fuck i hate that. Bullshit wicket from negative bowling
Wright you shitcunt.
Gilly has been fantastic in the commentary box. Not a dickhead and doesn't talk too much shit. Very easy to listen to
Half of clint's balls are 6s
Lenton is actually really good with the gloves
Denyer needs a left-right, goodnight.
I've never seen a spursier goal. Fucken ex-player at the far post and 3 or 4 rebounds. Wanted a clean sheet :(
Issue was that we relied so heavily on bale, modric and van der vaart with contributions from lennon, adebayor and defoe. The rest of the team was pretty average, especially the defense (King is a legend but injuries had taken their toll). I wish those 3 players could have played in our current team
Didn't really understand boro's tactics. Friend kept getting the ball and instead of passing took his man on and put in a cross to a 1v5. You aren't winning that scenario very often. Just brainless play
You controlled the match and ramirez really should have scored. I just had no idea what friend was doing. Some lovely passing to try and exploit the defense but whenever it got to him he would cross it, generally when only negredo was in there. Incredibly frustrating to watch. Sure get it in there and put pressure on the defenders but it was obvious after the third time and negredo rarely had a chance.
How do you miss that? Christ
West ham need to get at darmian. Try and get him sent off to even the match up
I like ed, he's a sick cunt but you can't just get rid of toyota girl like that.
Just don't want him to get bogged down. He's alright
Love me some jungle book tbh
Darce: Yeah bruce, really like the way he goes about it
He was good at everything
Bill taking the piss
Single through slip cunt. Fuck ya
Fuck the bride. Is the daughter single?
Reckon commbank girl would be awesome in the sack. She looks the type
That's a fucking wide. Poor kid
That kid has a rubbish technique.
I really hope wickets don't fall when they do those interviews
Hopefully uzzie makes runs in the second dig then. He's been the best batsman over the whole summer though, made runs every game so I'm not going to be too harsh on him
Toyota have really fucked up
Brisbane confirmed still a bit shit but not as shit as it was 5 minutes ago
Drop him
Reckon bill just called him handsome
Koala looks depressed
Leo isn't happy with that effort
A lot of them are solid but I'll take the vancouver one thanks
This cunt is fucked
Bit harsh tubbs
You aren't fooling anyone mate
Sydney skyline is shit
Roy gives zero fucks and i love it
Clarke's fucked it. Cunt
