Want to trivialize PTSD? Post this sort of bullshit.  OP apparently knows noone that's served in the military.
This community is extreme shit and threads like this prove it.
The voice acting before was pretty mediocre, but a big shift in all VAs is pretty jarring at the same time.
It'd probably be nice if they didn't pack all of the mondo superservers into Aether.
Probably not that much worse. How many people are there really that want to play HW but wouldn't go for the preorder bonus?
Males are fine, if having a lot of weird hair styles / sometimes faces.  Females are pretty much the worst. Fight me.
that was code for "quit dressing up your female character in underwear" or maybe "get off the computer you're too horny"
None of you got PTSD from playing a video game. Quit being childish. The fact that you think that's totally fine to joke about really speaks for your collective character.
screenshots seem to take off a few pounds
Diadem interest dropped off long before 3.15 because it is boring and unfulfilling + the fact that they nerfed 210 drops. Relic had little to do with it.
just think of how many invisible walls they'd have to remove
You talk about the Poetics bonus farming for Anima bit (at least it sounds like Anima) as if it is a one-way deal and the people who have never cleared Coil get absolutely nothing out of the experience. Poetics bonus is a pretty accepted way to get some quick resources for Anima, and I do not see the justification for you deciding for other people who are evidently fine with getting to run Coil for the first time whether or not they are being exploited.  It's also cute the way you feel the need to point out that the ~*~female FC leader~*~ is using her ~*~sexual power~*~  on the poor FC members.  It sounds to me as if you are predisposed to disliking this person, at which point it is easy to view what could easily be normal behavior as cliquey, exploitative, and/or whatever the fuck you call that sexist shtick.  Sounds like lone wolf behavior to me.
i mean ideally they will actually do something creative with blm and not Fire 2: Electric Boogaloo forever
Storm's Path can be applied by a WAR at any time, and they can do so while OTing.  Reprisal can not completely reliably be applied at any time, and you can only use it while MTing.  It is objectively inferior. Just because Dark Dance makes it more likely you will parry doesn't mean it will proc when on command. If you've done any crafting or gathering you would know how draconian this game's RNG is. DD doesn't "promise" you anything other than broken promises.
Any option to hide the Disqus panel? Really has next to nothing to do with what I'm using the site for and I do not care for it being there. Also bugs me that it's taking up even more real estate than the old version.
So basically they made the shit stink less.  Shit seems like a weird thing to soapbox over.
At least your two identical skills are brand new and not carbon copies of skills you already had like WAR and BLM.  XIV isn't known for its bafflingly intelligent game design.
What's your ideal situation here? People telling you there aren't too many buttons, allaying fears about playing a class people don't approve of?  Is it somehow more gratifying to play a class that gets the Whiny Player Seal Of Approval over one that doesn't, even if it is perfectly functional balance-wise?
that's placing some burden on a group of people that literally have no power over another.  you can try to convince them to improve, but in my experience, a vast majority simply don't give a shit
Food for thought: since the topic is about having specializations for classes and the person in question is wanting to queue as a DPS, maybe the idea is for WAR and DRK to have DPS specs that aren't inferior to other DPS classes--you know, just like most other WoW-style MMOs???? wow incredible concept  Here's another one: average DPSers are terrible at this game and a good DPSer playing a tank can outdamage them with ease.  And, finally, tanks having DPS specs doesn't break queues in any other MMO, nor would they in this game just because your attitude about WAR and/or DRK aesthetics is shit.  Shut up.
&gt; 4.0  It won't.
this shit seriously makes me hate mmos a little
watch out the male penis aggression parade is in town  look i can use body parts as a pejorative too
How about being a healer and having to fuck around with your keybinds every time you sync below 54?  I hate that people virtually never talk or complain about this. Syncing would be less of a pain in the ass if they changed the way syncing works to bring people with 60 skills more in line with the sort of numbers unsynced players actually do in that level range. Yes, there's some abilities that would simply be too strong by nature for the content in question, but who cares about balance in fucking Copperbell? A tank isn't even required for a long time because content is so trivial, and it'd only be a real problem when you sync to too low levels.  FFXIV is literally the only game I've ever played that takes away your character progression when you sync.
I think the context here is important. At face value, most people will say yes. However, it is often asked whether or not people should progress through all of ARR's dungeon and raid content before getting to HW. The answer, in that case, is usually "no," as the items you would have spent so much time on are very easily replaced.
I pay attention to the story stuff where it seems worth it or meaningful (which it isn't always,) but I don't play for the story.  I get the interest in it from that crowd, but being someone who does a lot of reading and writing, XIV's story is really not that special between an array of snoozey RPG tropes and the limitations of what you can do with storytelling in a game (much less one targeting a fairly broad audience.) Its importance often seems overly elevated by some.
Wouldn't hurt, but your i210 stuff pre-3.2 is with capped tomes that are going to be uncapped post-3.2. I personally wouldn't bend over backwards for it.
"Horrid" is an exaggeration, but some perspective would probably go a long way here. If you are happily selling something for days at 70k and people are buying it at a healthy rate, then someone comes and stsrts flooding supply with listings almost half that price, then suddenly you aren't able to sell that item -at all- unless you want to sell it at half the efficiency you were before. Many people aren't willimg to do this, especially since there is no promise at all that they won't undercut you again in a similar fashion. That is often not worth your time, and having to scout out new markets over this is aggravating, especially if the item in question is rare and isn't the most in demand (as is often the case on lower pop servers, where, yes, this sort of undercuttong is extremely damaging to sellers.)  There's also the issue of item worth. You say it only costs 2-3k to make, but this is not the only factor. You spent time and resources leveling crafters to be able to make this item. What is your time worth? What about the gil you spent to level that craft? Just because it costs me basically nothing to craft an HQ Ishgardian Muffin doesn't mean it's appropriate to sell it for 200 gil.  Finally, a lot of people are simply too lazy to make items themselves, or have largely expendable amounts of gil. Demand defines itself--who are you to decide what an item is worth over the people buying it?  I don't understand the "I don't craft for profit" bit. If that's the case, then why are you listing items on MB? If you want to give things away to your friends, then give them away. I do it all the time--but don't disrupt the game's economy over it.  And don't throw a "i'm just gonna crash it to spite these guys" hissy fit over it either, because they're not the only people on the server impacted by you crashing the item.  Look, it's not okay for people to harrass you over markets, but I think your attitudes would piss a majority of less confrontational sellers off.   Also, things are priced highly on this game because it has no meaningful gil sinks besides houses, so there's shitloads of inflation. Don't attribute it to "wow sellers sure are scummy" just because you don't understand the game's economy.
Bottom line: let it go.
You will never have a complete guarantee that your feedback will be read by someone working at SE. Making this promise would be a great way to make people angry when they still arbitrarily feel they aren't being listened to.  Either take their word for it that they are listening, whether it's the OF, here, the Suggestions box in game, or wherever, or don't bother.
&gt;  I mean, I rarely even SB with my piece before I get a new piece.  That's not a surprise given that the SB system is awful and only got worse in HW.
Why bother soliciting an explanation? It's not relevant at all to the topic. The point is to talk about set bonuses, not split hairs about how the stats on the gear aren't good. That's useless when you're talking "what ifs" anyway, since obviously you would also establish that the set would be an increase with your amazing hypothetical power.
As far as I know, leve allowances accrue normally even while unsubbed.
Knowing a class well isn't knowing the game well. This logic is fine.  Requiring a 60 in each class will generally increase the likelihood that people who are mentors will actually know jack about the ways classes interact with eachother.
i cant wait to look like a burned chicken nugget
Outparsing mediocre DPS is a challenge?
I'm really not super thrilled about the idea of simplistic grid maps, though it's hard to say how much that would impact the experience. Obviously it'd be nice if they were at least anything greater than the most basic level of random generation possible.  I get that it can be tricky to make randomly generated maps look good, but one doesn't have to look far to find other games that do just fine work with it.
A) Anything at all  B) Literally anything at all come the fuck on SE
People need their shitty crotch pant glams.
Even if his numbers were relatively stronger out of box, he doesn't really do anything.  He just attacks the tank, puts a few splotches on the ground, and uses a scripted AoE one time.
You may consider holding out until 3.3 launches, as there will certainly be a patch for it after. It's possible it could fix your issue.
absolutely none of the other big name MMOs, for starters
ive always wondered what this is supposed to be imitating too  like do they sound like darth vader or something
New dungeons might get me capping for maybe 2 weeks, but I do not foresee tormenting myself with it further.
I've had servers come up and arrstatus not alert me after a 15 second update. I definitely don't trust it for this sort of server rushing.
Lodestone finishing early still does not necessarily mean that game server maintenance will finish early.
There's a compelling argument for SkS for DRK (more MP from Siphon Strike, an extra GCD in Blood Weapon) due to how it directly increases potency via Dark Arts / mitigates DPS loss from needing Dark Arts or Grit for tanking, but official stat weights for DRK aren't known. It's basically dependent on just how ass Determination is, especially since the usual "don't run out of TP" bit is still a factor.
It logistically makes no sense development wise, either.  They invested time and money to make the mount (even if it's a carbon copy of something else, someone was paid to prepare it for use as a new item,) but then set it up to where virtually noone will have it. Okay? Good investment?
Please stop redirecting me out of subreddit filters. If I'm using something like nz.reddit to filter certsin content from a subreddit, I get redirected to m.reddit and the filters are lost. That's annoying.
Just because it's designed to be grindy doesn't mean it's not a shitty design.
